THEATRICALS. On Monday evening, Shakspeare's Tragedy of Hamlet was produced at the Victoria Theatre to a crowded bouse ; ;Mr. J. G. Griffiths enacting the part of Hamlet , being the tenth anniversary of that gentleman's appearance in this Theatre in the same character, and we believe, bis first appearance on the stage in this colony. Party prejudice at that period was decidedly against all who came to this colony as actors under .Mr, . Wyatt's engagement, and we have a faint. recollection that the then audience could not or would not appreciate Mr. Griffith's Shaksperian readings ; but how different oh Monday last when he appeared before an unprejudiced audiences whose repeated bursts of applause was a convincing proof that his acting was far superior to any who as hitherto appeared here in this very arduous character Other characters whose performances were quite successful we have not space to particularize ; unless we mention Mr. Warde as The Ghost, in which this gentleman made a decided hit, the sepulchral reading suited for this character, was the exact style and elicited a certificate to that effect. , On Tuesday, Norma was again presented to the pnblic ; hut so much has been 6aid iu the praise of the various characters upon former occasions, that it would be superfluous to make further comment. > A nautical piece to snit the 65th anniversary of the colony, ably supported by Messrs. Howard, Warde, F. Howson, Rogers, and Madame Carandini, was brought out on Wednesday last, whieh with a: Hornpipe, which was excellently danced by Miss Collins followed by the laughable farce of Brother Ben, and the extra vaganza of the The King of the Gold Mines, satisfied a crowaded house. — — — — » Burton's Circus has been well attended during the. week and we- should Btrongly advise the Sydney publio to lose; no time in witnessing the performances of this talented company—the comicalities of the Clown Sam Holmes, and the daring riding of Major John Downie. ' Howard's Ethiopian Serenaders.— Daring the w;eek, the Saloon of the Royal Hotel has been well attended to, witness the performances of this, talented company. The singing and m usic has been as "usual of the first description. On Wednesday evening, for the first time, was introduced, a burlesque lecture and experi ments on the science of electro biology, which from the comicalities it exhibited, was received with roars of laughter from all parts of the house. Indeed no one can witness the broad wit and humour displayed in this burlesque, without having his risibility excited to a pretty considerable degree. The " discs " of zinc and copper which were placed in the hands of the " susceptibles," were such as they could not fail to look at, and the effects they produced upon the patients were to the full as extraordinary as those produced by the " brudder biologumist" in Pitt-street, and so the audience seemed to think, if we may judge from the hearty manner in which the whole was received. Signor Blitz still astonishes the good folks not a little with his wonderful " magic wand " and " Pandora's box." How he contrives to perform the extraordinary delusions he exhibits, is quite as mysterious as the wonders of biology. Those who ar©i fond of fun and novelty, should not miss this performance. It i, without exception, one of the best we have witnessed in Sydney for some time past. The Great Gold Field. — A pedestrian -tour through the/ first discovered gold district of New South Wales in the months of October and November, 1852. By Angus M'Kay, Speeial' Reporter to the Empire Daily JourngL" In our last we a<s-. knowledged the receipt of this publication, which however, reached . us at too late an hour to permit of our leisurely purnsing it. It is we perceive a reprint of twelve communications which appeared., in the Empire newspaper, from Mr. M'Kay, who had undertaken the arduous task of a pedestrian visit to the various digging localities in the western district of the colony, where he made-, himself perfectly acquainted with the successes of the diggers at' ' each of tne most noted creeks and gullies, on which the gold adventurers hadjip that time located themselves It consists of sixty-eight pages of closely printed matter, distinguished for the faithfulness of its representations, its simplicity and clearness of style, and for the multitude of facts connected with digging operations, which were never elicited before by any previous visitor to the mines. At the time that these communications originally appeared, they were read by us as well as by the public generally with great interest, and the universal impression created by their perusal was highly creditible to the author, and to the enterprising spirit of the journal at whose instance the tour of observation was. , undertaken. The form in which the information is now presented to the public is, of course, decidedly superior to the detached letters in which shape they were necessarily given in a daily newspaper, and will not only form an excellent hand-book for the digger, but a first rate reference to every one interested in the different gold fields iu the Bathurst district; and being, in ever respect a trustworthy guide will make a very fitting present to friends at home, who may at a glimpse see more of practical diggingandits attendants, than it is posssible for them, to glean by any fragmentary newspaper details, which have not, in many instances, even the guarantee of truthfuluess to recommend - them. The price, Is. 6d., is so extremely moderate, that it is , within every persdn's -reach '; those who are desirous to make themselves acquainted with thb true state of our diggings, and of the promise lield'- out by them ought at once to possess them selves of copies. The typographical department, by Cunninghame,v is remarkably neat and clear ; and the work, which is published by Fiddington, George-street, Sydney, altogether tastefully got up. The Journeymen Bakers Conspiracy. — Yesterday, Martin Lynch, William M'Leod, and William Lovel, were fully committed to take their trial for conspiracy, in having attempted to injure Mr. t Weir, baker, in William-street, by threatening his men, ami com- pelling them to abscond from their several employments. Lynch, M'Leod, and another baker named James Kinber were also placed at the dock on a similar charge preferred by Mr. Holmes, of King- street, and committed to take their trial for the offence alleged against them in the information. There are other two journeymen against whom warrants have been issued, who have hitherto eluded apprehension by the police. The New Gold act and Regulations — Our readers, especially those at the diggings, will be gratified to learn that the new gold Act passed by the Council, is considered by the most alented and respectable members of the bar, altogether a most unconstitutional enactment, that it canqotr and must not be enforced, and that Her Majesty will at once disallow it on its reaching the Crown law officers of England. It disposes of that which is the sole prerogative of the Crown, and which the Council without the express sanction of a Special Act of Parliament were not empowered to legislate upon, neither Sir John Fakington nor the members of the Privy Council, even with the concurrrenee and sanction of Her Most Gracious Majesty herself caq confer the unlimited powers exercised by our Legislature, nor could they delegate am authority - whicn is vested solely' in the |British- Parliament, and which has ever been looked upon with, the utmost jealously by both the people's representatives and the House of Peers. — Sir Charles Fitzroy's sanction does not in apy way make the Act legal, nor are the citizens to be bound to observe any Act passed by the Council, and sanctioned by the Governor — wh-se special instructions are to sanction no new law inconsistent with the Constitutional Law of Eugland, or involving the disposal of any of the exclusive rights of the Crown. The Act is, therefore, a mere piece of waste paper which the Government must speedily confess they have not the power or the right to enforce. The whole affair will fall into almost irretrievable confusion, A Bath fob Toadyism — When the arrival of the Honorable Mrs Keith Stewart alongside the flag-ship at the Regatta, was announced upon deck, snch was the rush of the toadies to receive her, and have the honour of boasting that they had touched her hand, her gloves or her arm that the gangway gave way, and the whole bundle of its occupants precipitated into the harbour, whence we are glad to say, they were rescued without having sustained any other damage than a good ducking, and good fright Some ot our worthy City Councillors had the felicity of getting a regular plunge bath among the sharks of which we understand they were sadly afraid. It is to he hoped that their narrow escape will remind them of their duty towards the com munity in forming as speedily as possible the promised and long withheld publio baths, provided with shark defences, and all the other appaances which common sense will suggest for the com pletion of such a useful establishment. Baron Camden, The Lawyers rebuked. — Ignorance of Commercial transactions leads lawyers occasionally into ugly scrapes, and colonial barons into unenviable positions. Our .readers' may recollect tlie experience of the Colonial Secretary and :-the iolicitor- General's ignorance, on the subject of a mint which . we published in our paper in November 1851. Mr. Manning does 'not. seem to improve much, in his subsequent readings, and Mr Wentworth, seems to be actually retrograding in mercantile knowledge as be clearly is in law making. However, these gentlemen occaasionally get serious rebukes, politely couch debut pungently severe Mr Beit, the merchant, rqad them a lecture the other day, upon gold which they will not soon forget. He remarked that gold' would accumulate in New South Wales, and become in the same position as gold lying in the Bank of England, which although resting in its coffers was actually in circulation by notes, representing it and without the return of which gold could not move from its place. That was to all intents and purposes, the same as if the gold itself circulated; only, it was not snbject to the same risk, " But," said Mr. Wentworth, re turning again to the charge, "But a sovereign here would be of less value thau a sovereign in London ?" Nay, said Mr. Beit, why should it be so ? at present you pay a much higher rate for the use of a sovereign here than in England ! Mr. Manning next tried hi3 hand upon ithe merchant. He asked if this consequence would follow were there to be a surplus of gold coin here ? To which Mr. Beit replied — "Tnat is the grand fallacy which so many gentlemen here fall into. They say we will be obliged to export it But we w 11 not be ' obliged to do so unless it is beneficial. If you cannot find an investment here to yield .three per pent or a little more perhaps, you would send it to Eng land and invest in " Consols." This was not clear enough for Mr. Manning's comprehension ; he ventured another question. " Surely, said ne, " the money would be worth less here than in England ?" This was finally closed for ever by the rejoinder of Mr. Beit, who very complacently, but cruelly, remarked, that here „ Mr. Manning could not get money for less than seven per cent. ! That remark disposed of the Solicitor-General's judgment ; he did not venture farther beyoud his depth. Baron Camden next tried soundings in Mr. Beit's golden ocean, and asked whether the money value of things would not rise here ? The price of articles, placidly observed Mr. Beit, has nothing whatever to do with the amount of money in the country. The supply of the article itself, in proportion to the demand regulates the price. We give servants now large wages, not because we have plenty of money, hut because their services are scarce. So with tea, sugar, and other articles !" After that lecture of AdamSmith, Redivivus, neither Mr. Wentworth. Mr. Manning, nor the Baron, would risk another fall on a "currency" question; but thinking that discrection was the better part of valour, and that — " if they did not speak they would not expose their weakness" — they left Mr. Beit, alone, iu his glory ? Diggings on Private Land, — The unconstitutional privilege conceded by the government to the holders of - private lands on which gold is found, viz : — that of giving the owner half of the digger's license fee is nothing short of a public robbery — the precious metals being in every such case the property of the Crown and specially reserved according to immemorial usage from auy conveyance to private individuals. In answer to certain queries put by Mr. James Macarthur and Mr. Wentworth — the latter personage being himself a large proprietor of auriferous lands — to Mr. Beit, that gentleman thus clearly expressed the views which eyery right minded clear headed lawyer, or well informed man must entertain on the subject. — " I have," said Mr. Beit, " thought deeply on the snbject, and considered the licensing system in all its bearings, but I have not heard one sound argument in its favour. I wish to draw the particular attention of the Committee to the fees established on private lands, That system is, in fact, giving to proprietors of such lands a portion of the revenue of the country — giving them half of that which, belongs to the public purse. Dan that he maintained in the "face of the world ? That is giving the owners of the land that which they have no right to dis pose of. That can never he maintained in principle." There is no question about the illegality of the practice and we are -;tliorougolv convinced that had Mr. Wentworth not been a profiter by it, he would have been the first and the loudest in its condem nation, but self-interest, as usual, bars the door against his .denunciation of illegal and unconstitutional enactments. The doctrine is nothing new. It was attempted by the Bell s Creek diggers to be enforced, but by some misunderstanding, the opposition was abandoned in January, 1851. The. time is coming however, when the question will he tried in the Supreme Court and we have no doubt as to the issue. No man ought to pay a shilling to the private landowners beyond the actual surface damage occasioned to the land. Inquests. — On Saturday afternoon an inquest was held at Collins' public-house, Newtown, on the body of a woman named Cash. It appeared she had been a teetotaller for some time, but had lately broken the pledge, and given way to immoderate drinking. She had lain out for several nights, and complained of a swelling in the neck. Some suspicion was attached to her hus band for having beaten her, and he was in custody at the inquest. Dr. Nathan had made a post mortem examination of the body, and found that death was caused by dropsy, which might have been accelerated by intemperate habits and exposure to cold. The jury returned a verdict to that effect, and Cash was discharged from custody. — Another inquest was held on Tuesday, at the Sir Maurice 0 Connell Hotel, Woolloomooloo, on the body of Jane Malone It appeared from the evidence, that the husband of the. deceased had been confined to his bed for the last eleven weeks, in consequence of having accidentally broken his leg. About three o clock on Tuesday morning a fortnight ago, he was lighting his pipe at a candle which was burning on the table; when one of his children got out of bed to get a drink of water, and upset the candle which set fire to the bed-curtains. The deceased- rushed into the room in her night- clothes, and succeeded by main strength in carrying her husband into an adjoining room, but her dress caught fire, and she was dreadfully burnt about the neck and hands. She ran into the yard to get some water to put out the flames, but the wind was very high and blew them into her face ; some of the neighbours hearing her screams came to her assistance, and the flames were got out. I)r. 0'Briqn was Bent for and attended her nntil Tuesday morning last, when she died. ' The jury returned a verdict of death from accidental burning. — : — On Thursday another inquest was held at the Rock of Cashel Inn, Cumberland-street, on the body of a- little boy named Henry Porter about live years of age; whose death had beeji cansed by falling over the precipice at the cut in Argyle-street, <jn the previous Monday. Tho jury found that death had been caused by injuries accidentally received; and added the following rider ' The jury earnestly request the coroner to communicate with the necessary authorities in order that the fencing and enclosing the cut in Argyle-street may be instantly and efficiently repaired, or replaced with a new and substantial fence, the present being now in the most discreditable and dangerous state, and reflecting great .disgrace and blame on the Corporation or other responsible parties." - Dissolving) Views. — Mr. Cane's dissolving views still continue to draw crowded honses: they are decidedly the best of the kind we have seen, the only drawback npen them is the smallness of the room in which Mr. Cane is obliged to exhibit his views We hope however, that this may yet be remedied, and. we are sure that if Mr. C. should sncceed in obtaining a more suitable place his splendid exhibition will be the most attractive in Sydney. Newspapers for 'Victoria — Several parties who were going to the Victoria diggings, have at various times called at our office, and requested that the Advocate might he forwarded to their address at Mount Alexander ; we have invariable posted these papers every week, but on the return of the parties to Sydney we find that not one of them had been received by the parties to whom they were addressed. We find too that the Post Office authorities at Melbourne positively refuse to forward any Sydney newspapers to the diggings at Forest Creek, Bendigo, or any other of the gold fields. This is most unfair and unjust. Sydney men have to pay the license, and all other expenses which may come upon them as well as the Victorians, and we really cannot see, why the Post Office should not forward papers to them as well as to others. If the Governments of the two colonies did their duty, these evils could easily be remedied . Since the opening of the Port Phillip gold fields there has been no regular postal communication between Sydney and Victoria, and though repeated complaints of this have been made no steps appear to have been taken to provide a remedy. This is really too had whenwe consider the enormous salaries which are paid to the Government officials in every department; and we do think that some public (demonstra tion ought to be made, and a memorial on the subject got up to his Excellency the Governor-General, whose duty we conceive it to be, to endeavour to make some arrangements, which shall be satisfactory and beneficial to the people both in this colony and Victoria. Complaints of negligence, which appears to us be almost wilful, are becoming more and more numerous with respect to the Post Office department in nearly all its branches, and it is time this department was put on a more efficient footing so as to work with greater regularity and despatch. Robbery. — About midnight, on Monday last, James Good> residing in George-street, while passing along Sussex -street was attacked by two men, who after knocking him down, robbed him of £7 in bank notes and a quantity of silver. There was a person in Good's company at the time whose name was not known to him ; but, he stood by and saw the robbery and the assault committed without either remonstrating with the rogues, or aiding his com panion. It is very clear that Good was in very Bad company. A Missing Client. — Mr. Nichols on Monday afternoon inquired of the Police Bench, what had become of a prisoner named Cooper, for whom he had been retained, and whose name appeared on the Police List as a suspected runaway, but who was nowhere to be found, notwithstanding a full enquiry made for him at the different watch-houses It appeared that he had been apprehended by Inspector Singleton, on Sunday, and had been sent' to the Convict Office on Monday, and had been ordered to be sent there on Tues day, but at the time Mr. Nichols enquired for him he had not then returned. On Tuesday another enquiry was made for him, but he was still non est , and on Mr. Nichols pressing for the production of his client, the above circumstances were elicited. Mr. Wearing declaring that he could adopt no other course, his instructions being positive from the Superintendent of Police, and that gentleman declaring that he had no choice, his instructions being positive from the- Inspector-General of Police. Mr. Nichols pointed out the law, according to the 5th William IV, No. 9, which directed that a prisoner so apprehended should, in the first instance, be brought before the nearest "magistrate, and dragged through the streets in handcuffs for identification at the Convict Office. The Bench were of opinion that the practice hitherto pursued was clearly erroneous, and directed the Mayor to commu nicate with the Inspector-General on the subject, and point out the illegality of the procedure, which the police have adopted in similar cases. This is exactly one of those cases which Mr Inspector Mayne is particularly qualified to deal with. From the manner in which he approved of the late apprehension at Camp- belltown, in which he could see neither injustice, nor illegality, lie appears to entertain the same idea of " the liberty of the subject" as that held by Major Darcy Wentworth, the Police Magistrate of Bathurst, viz. — that it is " all humbug." We shall try ifN we can not shew more satisfactorily by-and -by that the office of Inspector- General is something more than " humbug." The Street Robberies. — Several daring street robberies having been recently committed by an apparently organized gang of scoundrels, the police have been on the look out for them, and through the sagacity and intelligence of inspector Higgins, have at length secured three of the mob and procured their committal. About one 'o'clock, on Friday morning, the Inspector observed two men near the corner of Bathurst and Castlereagh streets, walk (up to a man and woman, and seeing them staring them in the face, Mr. Higgins immediately suspected their motives, ahd watched them until other two came up, and gave the alarm, when all four scam pered off in different directions. In , Pitt- street Mr. Higgins apprehended two of them, named George Crump and John Birch, an q lodged them in the watch house as runaway prisoners of the crrfwn. Arthur Jackson and George Swift were shortly afterwards secured by the same officer, and placed in the lock-up On Monday morning Crnmp, Birch, and Jackson were identified before the Police Court by several of the parties who had been robbed and otherwise maltreated by the gang, and were consequently com mitted for trial before the Central Criminal Court. Monday's Police.— Two men were brought before the Court charged with having assaulted constables Tudor and Wilson while . in the execution of their duty. They gave their names Thomas Keith and James Byrnes, and were each sentenced to pay a fine of 10s. or go to gaol for seven days. Another complaint of the same nature was preferred by constable Hughes against John Davis and John Conlon, but was dismissed — the boot having been clearly proven to have been on the other leg ; Hughes being groggy, and the first transgressor. Thomas Robinson and his wife, Mary Ann, who had been committed for trial at the Quarter Sessions for assault, and admitted to bail, were surrendered by their sureties, at their own request, and despatched to Davlinghurst Gaol to await tho Sessions. A complaint was preferred by one Mary Craig , against Catherine Rogers, for having crrisllv, and without provocation, assaulted her, and having succeeded in clearly substantiating tbe charge, the Bench ordered the defendant to pay a fine of 60s., with 4s. (id. costs, or in default to be imprisoned in gaol for the space of three weeks. Tho liorse stealing charge against William Dickinson for making off with a horse, the property of Sir Charles Nicholson, was again gone into, and tM'o female witnesses called by "Dickinson were examined. Their evidence, however, was all cm the wrong side for the prisoner, who was ultimately committed for trial at the Central Criminal Court Catherine Robinson, of Wilmot-street, far assaulting a Mrs. Levit, was fined 5s. and 4s. Gd. costs.— — .limothy.Hanlon, for unlawfully depasturing cattle on Grown Lands, in thejfparish of Alexandria, was sentenced to pay a fine of £1, and 5s. costs. City Fire Engines. — In pursuance of the resolution of the Corporation to dispose of their Fire Engines, these were put up for sale by auction on Saturday lost, and were knocked down to Mr. Flood for £170 v Turning the Tables.- A few weeks ago, a " diggers" hall . was got up at Melbourne,, at which the tickets were five guineas each. A gentleman remonstrated with 'one of the committee on the high price of admission which he said would prevent people from attending. The answer was very simple ana significant— " Well, Sir, we thought of that, but there is no keeping the swells out, unless you keep the price high." Neglecting to remove a Dead Bullock.— This offence .has become so common'that the Inspector seems at length determined to punish all offenders that come within his reach. On Tuesday last, Thomas Lindley was brought before the Court for neglecting to remove a dead hullocK his property from the Circular Wharf. It appeared that Mr. Stubbs at the instance of the Mayor cansed the carcase to be removed and destroyed at the public expense, and the ownership having been substantiated, the defendant waa mulcted in 40s, 263. costs, and £$ incurred by the Inspector in the execution of his duty. Y bbtrhday's Police Bu-inrss. — There was a tolerable muster of business on tbe Police lists yesterday, but nothing of any great importance or novelty with the exception of the disposal of the- conspiracy case, against the journeymen bakers noticed elsewhere. William Couibourn for indecently assaulting a child named Bridget Moore Stephen, was committed fpr trial.— James Murray, for stealing a telescope and £1 19s., was also committod. Adam Leddle, for a breach of the peace, was bound oVer iu sureties (or bis future good behaviour, himself in £40 and two friends in £20 each. Julia M'Oarthy, for stealing gold rings valued at £7, the property of Mr. Phillips, cabinet maker, Pitt- street, was committed for trial at the Quarter Sessions, not withstanding strong assertions of her innocence, and declara tions to the effect that the rings, though found in her box, were put there without h6r knowledge.-1— Thomas Downs, for disorderly couduot, in Market-street, was ordered to pay a fine of 20s., or go to gaol for 7 days. Jane Garnett, for stealing a shawl the1 property of Isabella Dane, of Gastlereagh-street, was fully com mitted for trial. — Ann M'Caul, for being a rogue and vagabond was sent to gaol for two Calendar months ; and Elizabeth Max- field, who was proven to be a similar charaoter, was imprisoned for one month. Charlotte Foster, for assaulting John Johnson, wat fined 10s, and 4s. and fid. costs. — Ann Smith for wilfully destroying, property by breaking the shop window and window sash of William Dane, at Paddington, was fined 5s. and costs, together with the amount of damage done to the complainant, who, however, gets- no part of the money, having given his evidence in bis own behalf, a rule of law being that, private SuffererB are not entitled to damages alien they are themselves examined as witnesses. The amount, therefore, will be handed over to thfi Benevolent Asylum. A»«ault with Intent to Rob: — Aboutnine o'clock on Thursday night as a private watchman, of Gastlereagh-street, Edward Steinson formerly sexton at the Gathoiio Burying Ground, was crossing the . Cleveland paddocks, he was suddenly attacked by three men, who- felled him to the ground, knocking out three of his front teeth and otherwise seriously injuring him by repeated kicks on the body. The tuffiins found no money upon his person, and ran off leaving Steinson bleeding in the paddock. - He has sinoe been attended by Dr. Jenkins. Information was conveyed to the police but up to yesterday afternoon they were unsuccessful in appre hending any of the guilty parties. Theft at Cook's River.— -The residenee of Mr. Prout bad another vis.t from thieves ou Tuesday las y when »n iron vyce was stolen from the premises, observed about the place, or whom suspicion might have beeufixed. \A.rcvvard oi One Pound has baen offered for the apprehension of the thief. Brkachkr of the Police Act. — The practice of tradesmen allowing packages and goods to stand on tbe footpaths opposite their shops, and warehouses, having become again rather fashion able of late, the police have oom.menoed to enforce the law against offender.". Mr. Charles Clarke, was yesterday fined 5s and 5s. costs, Mr. R. Coates, 5s. and 5s. costs, and S. Pa<kE«q,, was fined 103. with 5s. costs of court and 10s, fid. lor the fee of the attorney conducting the prosecution. Mr. P. Grant. — We understand . that it is the Intention of our old and long respected friend Mr. Patrick Grant, to proceed to Eogland at an early opportunity. Mr. Graut has been a long resident in this colony, and was at one time police magistrate at, ' MaiiLnd, which office he filled muoh to tho satisfaction of tbe inhabitants on tbe Hun er River by many of whom he is still kindly remembered. He was also a member of the Legislative Council for the Northumberland Boroughs, and during the time he held a seat in the house, " he did the state some service' by his endeavours to abolish tbe oo&l; monopoly, and to have tbe slaughter houses removed from tlie city. Though he did not altogether succeed, he . was the first (o take these matters up, and laid the foundation upon which others worked uutil tbe monopoly In coal was abolished. During the passing of the Reform Bill in England, Mr. Grant took a very active part in all the political discussions then going ' on, being tbe proprietor of the Thuh Sun, London newspaper in the establishment of which he expended a large fortune. He has now sunk into the "sere and yellow lei'," and if er having so long fought the battles of the people t.n Is himself neglected by those for whom he so manfully battled. We truct the colouists of New South WaleR, will not let Mr. Grant depart from our shores w.thoutson'esuba antidl mark of respect beingbesto wed 'upon him. Some of his old friends- _at the Hunteiymtght perhaps think of this. Rocicv River. — Several purchases of gold have ben made |this week, hue i cmnoi arrive at the amounts. Up to tbe 1 7 ' hi, January 13 licenses had been issued, aud about 100 to 110 adults were observed on tho. ground. Eitimates vary considerably here as to the average earnings. One gentlom&n;, whose oppor u lities of learning in formation are good, says the most sucoess'ul, a parry of thtee ootained 15 ounces in eight day, or about £2 per man per working day, but that , this was a rare instance of success, tbe average earnings being trom 5». to 12.'. ptr d>. But other parties tbink this estimate much too low, aud that about the real average is trom 12s. to £i per man per day, although the ohief soccess is confined to a few parties only. Armidafe, January 20. — Carres - pondent to lite Man land Mercury. ' Carelbss CaB-d&iviNg;— We havo: latc-ly botioed men driviug cabs about the city, who scm - to have no idea whatevc-r as to the management of horses. This is a master which, in our opinior, ought to he more strictly looked into by the members of the H-tCkney C image Committee, as it endangers not only the livs of those who may entrust themselves to such incompetent drivers, but also of other cdizena. The bther evening, one of these fellows, in Kensiugton-9treet, drove bis horses on the footpath, uear£ through the window of one of the boua-s, and it was by a very narrow escape that he missTd injuring most severely four females who were sitting at their own doors ; one of them was so aiartned I as to cause her to be most aeriouBiy indisposed for some time. A Tax upon the Colour Op thb Skin.— We have heard of many systems of taxation, but we never beard of a tax dependent >n the colour of the' fkin until we saw the evidence given to the 'Gold Committer,- by Mr. Edward Smith Hill, "a native of the oolony." — When asked by bis countryman, Mr. Wentworth, whether he .thought it fair and just that foreigners should pay -more than British subjects, Mr. Hill answered tbat be did not think that whites ought to pay more. By implioation, therefore, he would willingly have taxed blacks, browns, and coppen colours, and this wb.uld in. his first opinion have been a very lair process. He knew, the sly rogue, that that doctrine would dovetail nioely with Mr. Wentwortb's own-— as far as it went . He knew tbat 'Chinamen and Coolies, bad a colour, and be knew that . Mr. Wept worth cpuld .see the coloured Taoes at the devil, and a good deal further if he bad bis will, therefore, tbis sop was meant as a compliment to bis friend's jaundice. What Mr. W. thinks of the precocity of native talent in this way it is not difficult to say, if he jfmeasures them by the capacity of Mr. JameB Maoarthur, Edward Smith, and Morality Hill, Esquires. If the Committee took their que from such samples of wisdom, they have a good reason to assign for tbe adoption of their' report ; and the diggers have a full explanation of the manner in which they have been . legislators) Jy trepanned. . Patty Sessions.— Mr. Frank Sydney Bowerman, sub-gold commissioner has been appointed clerk of Petty Sessions at Tarn bar oora. Glorious Discovery. -It is likely that the Rev. Mr. Clarke will yet immortalize his name, and his fame become as universal, as world wide, as that of Mr. Edward Hammond Hargraves. Mr. Clai-ke has made a discovery of greater importanoe than gold, and writes a special despatch consisting of ten paragraphs detailing the particulars to the Colonial Secretary. Immediately on that gentleman receiving the intelligence, information was forwarded over land " to Sir John P&kington; soliciting his advice and assistance to bring the matter to maturity. Geutle reader Mr. 'Clarke has discoved Alluvial Galena ! i.e. common lead !) Yes, it is found on the Peel River, in the form of spherical shot, smaller than -common shot, and is obained by the -same process aB gold washing. As it ia tbe opinion of Mr. Clarke, tbe Colonial Secretary, Mr. Wentwortb, and jamie Macarthnr, that gold digging tends to immorality, and tbat it should, therefore, be repressed, if not suppressed, it is confidently anticipated that the Sofala, Bendigo, -and Ovens gold! diggers will now turn their faoes towards the Peel and dig for lead, wbiob is found with exaotly the same labour as gold. Mr. Clarke predicts the future finding of lead veins so that if anybody does make the disoovery 20 years hence — Mr. Clarke will claim the oredit of it. He is very sanguine that, he will discover a mare's nest before he returns. The Rev. Mb. Clarke, the Gold Projector. — The f iends of scienoe may not be aware tbat this devoted disciple entertains the idea that be will seme day be sacrificed by " the blacks." He .is now engaged prospecting— not for filthy lucre's sake— Oh no 2 — but for the benefit of bis adopted country for which he is prepared to lay down his life.. But why he should imagine any evil at the special hands of '' the blaoks," we cannot divine. We are aware ' that there are certain divisions of <l blacks" that have many a good hearty laugh at his extraordinary geological reports and hair breadth escapes among the mountain gullies, but we never heard <of any of these gentlemen in black having any desire to see a single hair of his head turned 2 They like . to road his " works.'! The The bright scintillations of his genius sparkle with noon- day radiance amidst water worns, matrixes metallios, igneous formations, basalts, porphyrites, auriferous quartzes, plumbiverous detritus, fragmentary veinstones, denudations, strata?, abrasions, radiated nodules, molybdates, superficial drifts aid spherical shot — all of wbioh nice things are formed into a conglomerate which Mr. Clarke calls his Report No, IV. of date 30tb November last. — But the blaoks. Never m nd them Mr. Clarke ; there is no fear of them. Go on, and let us bear of ypur . wheraboutB and whatabouts as -often and as learnedly asyotfean. Wec'are become so accustomed to doses of your dry twisters, that we really miss them if they miss a week. We have one word of advice for Mr. Clarke, wbioh we would give in a whisper, if printers had a whispering font, Dont discover anything of any earthly consequence , otherwise you will disappoint all your acquaintances— the Colonial Secretary in particular 2 A word to the wise 2 Philosophy Colonized.— If Aristotle, Plato, or Socrates, could lift up their heads and listen to the philosophical axioms and definitions of modern times, they would be quite as much bamboozled and bothered with the variety as -Mr. Daly's viotims seem to be with .bis electro- biology. It is no great stretoh of -credulity, to assert that these sages of " the dark ages" knew about as much of Now South Wales as tbe philosophers of this happy laud pretend to know of the great doctrine's of these celebrated lights from wbioh other parts of the world have borrowed so muoh of their lustre. Hence we find something new at almost every turn. Old laud marks are swept away aud new ones substituted, which present no recommendations on the score of their novelty. The bit of Sydney morality whioh deserves our notice is from tbe Professor's rostrum of Mr, Commissioner Hardy, whose words generally out two ways. In reply to a question from the Coolie Dord of Vauoluse, Mr. William Charles Wentwortb, the Lottery -Office Keeper, Mr. Hardy said — ' I do not suppose anybody would willingly pay anything to anybody J" It is needless to imagine what might he the general effeot of Buoh an announcement amougst the gentlemen who heard it in the Legislative Counoil, but it silenced Mr. Wentwortb, who looked as if the doetrine had made him at onee from an isolated individual into a general member of tbe human raoe. The Absorption of Labour.— So 'much has been said and sung of the effects of the diggings having withdrawn an extra ordinary amount of the available pastoral and agricultural labour -of the colony, that we think it right to disabuse the prevailing impression upon tbat head. It appears from the collected -evidenoe of the commissioners that there never was at any period more than 6,000 persons including diggers, womeD, ohildren, storekeepers, ..tradesmen, and visitors, as the New South 'Vales gold fields 2 This evidenoe is abundantly confirmed by others not less trustworthy, aud the faot is arrived at in some instances, from actual counting and approximation. It is well known that jthe great bulk of this number, at least three fourths were from Sydney, and tbe other towns in the oolony, and that of the remaining one .'fourth not less than a half were persons employed in agriculture «»n their own aooount, and not under engagements of any descrip tion to any employer. The cry of deserting service for tbe gold fields, is therefore false, not more than about 2U0 well authenticated complaints having ever bean publicly made on this soore, and of these a very inconsiderable fragment was from the pastoral) pursuits of the oolony. It is to be hoped, therefore, that we shall hear no more of this ridiculous alarm of want of labour ; but if -there should ever be any occasion fr»r apprehending such a result, the sheep .breeders must do as others do ; tbey must pay the r anoen -well if tbey wish to keep them. ...We can see no reason why .-a squatter should not pay as much as any other man, and perhaps tthey will soon find that shepherds and atockmen will gradually fall BBto.tho same opinions Mlbournb Water .Works —Tbe report of the Victoria Legis lative Council Committee on this subject has been published. It appears that the expense of raising water from the river by means of two Cornish engines of sixty horse power, and the cost of con structing tbe reservoir at a mean height of 90 feet above the city will amount to about £160,000. Tbe estimated cost of thoroughly draining tbe town is estimated at £130,0.00, :and the Committee recommend that the carrying out of the system defined by tbem shall be entrusted to a CominittVe of tbe City Council whose functions might be made to assimilate to those of a Board of Health. It would appear, therefore, that tbe Victorians are not afraid to entrust their Corporation with tbe expenditure and management of £130,000 ; and that they have more faith in the City Council thab'oiir Legislative have with our civio authorities Mr. Thomson, in Sydney rays, hand me over the authority dele gated to you, and I will sanction tbe expenditure of ten thoneand poundB for tbe toe of the citizens?. That is to say, give that gentleman the management of the money and he will manage it for us I He bas proven bimself to be a very bad manager of bis own -money, and 'just such a man as we should never like to see entrusted with tne expenditure of a single pound belonging to the community. Melbourne will have water and drainage, while .the City of Sydney will be left at the mercy of fire and pestilence for eight or ten years longer. > Reasons for an Alien Tax.— "There are reasons for every thing," the old saying says, and there may be reasons for double taxing'foreigners at the mines, but the brightest reasons that have as yet been given for thfs process are those of a, Mr, Edward Smith Hill, a native of tbe colony, whether be is any relative of Morality Hill we cannot say, but he has been— acoording to his own account — at California, and also — like his namesake— at Nnggetty Gully. When Ned was asked what he thought of the proposal, he approved of it - mightily — because foreigners do uule- taxed him at the Ca<ifornian mines, and because that system of taxation, nevertheless caused great confusion and bloodshed in San Francisco 1 ! Successful Authorship. — We understand tbat Mrs. H. B Stowe bas received from the publishers, Messrs. Jewett& Co., the sum of 10,300 dollars as her copyright premium, on three months' sale of " Uncle Tom's Cabin."— \- Weekly Times. 