TI-IE " RAPPINGS" AT HULL. " The following account of the " Rnppings" at Hull appears in the British Banner. In ..addition to the circumstance of its boing pub lished by our Contemporary, we have reason to behove that the accouut was written by a gen- . tlemnn of high position in tho town, nnd not" at all given to be over-credulous. ,We. are in formed that the committee spoken of comprises ono Episcnpnlinn clergy mil 11, one Dissenting minister, two Physicians, tho Master of the Grammar-school, nil Iron-founder and Machi nist, nnd several other gentlemen of scientific attainments. — Ep. Patriot, J v I lie following particulars respecting the mys terious noises wore given to our informant by the lady herself, who, with her mother, husband,' children and servant, lives in the house. She \- is a \,ery 10 jmcuil'te. person, obviiJusly incnp.a, hie of iny.ciitiiiii; the story. Her ivliole; manner is at .imrti .convincing .as regards her veracity, and «hp liar. i-.viitentlv boeii 11 considerable :suf- I'ercr from the continued alarms and want of rest she .has "recently, experienced..,, Her hns- bund holds a responsible, siiuation jn a public office, where he is highly respected. His father also holds an important public appoint meht. This family have tenanted theliouse four years; during which lime tlicy have had no' aniloy'nnco: till about ' 'six weeks ago. Mrs. ' ' " ' ' was' sitting op lor tier husband, who. was late at: the njfice when she was startled by 'A very loud, knocking, apparently from the side of the house. There hud been a i carpenter's- yard there ten months ago, and at .first, she, thought, the men niu«l have been yvorkiiig Jnle, ilaturaiiy-reinem- hering the-noises with which she had oufce been familiar, and forgetting. for a, moment that the busjness had been removed. A second loud ripping soon startled her again ; she was' 'con scious' of dier mistake,' aud-now felt, sure that some one was shut- up iii a small shed .outside, , and was endeavouring to get out. She' .tailed her servant, And- they both went outside and called aloud, asking if any one was there, and what, was wanted. There was no reply. On re-entering the' house, the knocking was re peated more violently, and the cliiltflen ran down sfnirsV crying- outdn terror llint some one was trying to break through the wall just over their heads, as they- lay in bed. Mrs. — - then called a neighbour, and they both, with the servant, searched -every room in the house, hut could discover -nothing. As tliey were all standing in one room, they heard the noise again from a different quarter. MrV" ; — then arrived, atid noticing the frightened looks of Iris wife, inquired the -cause, but treated lightly what she stated, saying some one must lie play ing o trick. He had not been seated five minutes before the noise was again heard, and so violent was the knocking, that he was con siderably startled, though by 'no means timid, lie! then searched throughout the bouse to as certain tlio cause, hut in vain; These visita tioris continued two or three limes a-week for about a month, when tliey were repeated nightly, beginning often at dusk, and continuing till two in the morning, and, .though rarely, in the Hny-lipie also; AJr. — having thought it desiynhle.to infornivtlie police, and obtain their aid towards discovering the cause, the cir cumstance soon became .notorious, and multi tudes of the curious Hocked lo the place. One night the. police surrounded the house, tvyo being on each side of.it, and one in every room, hut the noises were as loud pud frequent as ever. The inmates placed themselves under in spection, in order to aid in obtaining satisfaction. A sergeant of police was sitting by the' fire of the room occupied by the elder lady, her daughter being also present, when the knocking was so violent 011. the wnll, that tho policeman started to his feet in great surprise, utterly unable to account for it. Another night, one of the policemen keeping watch .outside, had come into the kitchen for a few minutes, when a terrific thumping was heard at the shutters of the hack sitting-room, close to the kitchen door. The policeman rushed out instantly, but no one was there, and the two policemen keeping watch at the gate, said 110 one had been at the abutters, the knocking at which they also heard. Indeed, 'it was so' loud, that it could be heard at a considerable distance. Another 'person was on the wnjcli in the room itself, nod lie also thought BomB had knock oil oil tho ontsido. Two Sundays ago, the family resolved to go to church hi the evening, anil left the house empty. Oil their return; it neighbour said the knockiugs in their absence had been frightful. Ltisi Saturday (Oct. 30), n Committee of eight sei cntilic gentlemen .were in the house till nearly inidnight. i here were no loud knockiugs, hut 011 an interior partition wall were heard faint, hut distinct laps iit intervals, and these seo'med to reply when otic of the party said «« Itap again." These sounds.' however, so -resembled what a rap from the knuckle would produce that litllc importance was atltjfhed to them. It is the loud and emphatic peals of knocking, startling, the inmates of every room, and heard by the neighbours,, which are the extraordinary features in i hp case.... As yet there is no clue whatever to the discovery of the trick — if trick' . it be..; nm1 thai, the sounds are .produced bv mind, and 9011 not possibly, result from merely .physical causes, is the almust'ununiinous opinion ; of those who h.-ivu heard ilieui. Since Saturday the sounds have almost censed. The genural opinion amongst tire scientific is, that some trick is, being played, not by the inmates, but by soine persons from without. Nevertheless, that it. should have been so long and successfully practised, and 110 one can conjecture who does it, by what means', nn'ti for What reason, seems almost as wonderful as tho popular, niul more general belief that it is a veriiahle ghost.; 