The Marvels of Science, and their .Tsti mony to Holy Writ. By S. W. FuLLoMr. Colburn and Co. A grand tour of the naturial i?sciences, stopping only at the chief places and no--1 where long. Mr. Fullom travels rapidly, but as he flies he makes notes, with a good deal of judgment; upon .the most. promi- io nent matters for observation, and produces frc a book that will: inform many owhose mi thoughts have 'travelled little in the re- du gions about which it speaks. The volume no is especially well suited for the entertain- wl ment and instruction of :the,young, and as ge a gift'book will very likely be in some re- no quest. sei Afteri afew initroductory moralities Mr. Fullom starts from the Sun, runs round by M the Planets, noticing Comets as he goes, ho and :puts up for awrest at M. Maedler's Cen tral Sunb' Staiting again he gets into the Milky Way., 'This brings him by a direct e path to 'the Fixed Stars and Nebulm. After a short repast on a light Nebula under the well known sign of Orion, Mr. ao Fullom munches the crust of the Earth, and steps out to look over some Fossil Ani- m mals and Plants,, This occupation interests himn:for some time, and is followed by a disquisition on the science of the Scrip tiires, which will please a'large number of readers. Mr. Fullom then runs back to ,t the origin of the 'Earth, visits the Mag- aE notic poles, gets among Thunder and w Lightning, and makes the' acquaintance of two great Powers in the realms of science, g, Magnetism and Electricity. He then dips w into Rivers, draws science from Springs, el and goes into Volcanoes, through which he is naturally drawn into" the middle of a fc : knot of Earthquakes. He comes to the n t surface again with Gaseous Emanations, u] I or a Thermal Spring, and sliding downt f upon a Landslip rests for a short time. He e 1 renews his journey at the rate of 192,000 w miles in a second, on a ray of light goes o' I. through a Prism, sees a Mirage, meets with Y the FlyingDutchman, and observes a Ghost u or Optical' Illusion. He then steps over p Sthe bridge of the Rainbow, and enjoys a ft i dance with the northern Aurora. This done, lihe takes a little Polarized Light before he sits down to rest awhile. Rising G in Heat he boils some water, sets a Steam- u e Engine in motion, witnesses the Expansion n d of Metals, looks, at the Thermometer, and o a refreshes himself with Ice. Soon after- 0 wards he is at Sea examining the .Tides a n and tumbling on the Waves, swimming, n diving, and ascertaining the pressure of. Fluids.' Having left him gravitating to the bottom in a reservoir of Water,-we meet 0o with him next up in' the Air, running t °t through all its properties with the speed of 0 a spendthrift. He glides over the water e 'with the Trade winds, pops in upon the In Monsoons, blows a cloud with a Hurricane, of and washes at a Water-spout. Then, t on having remarked upon the Propagation of t Sounds by the Air, he' pauses for a little bit of Music, and goes off into the Vegetable In kingdom. Having crossed this, he travels is at the same rate through the Animal king s dom; 'aid, having finally visited various races of the huinan family, winds up with a demonstration in twelve pages of the ts' Aatomy of Man. n- A book of this kind has its'uses, and will, id we are quite sure, be acceptable to many readers. The' information on the whole is more correct, more level with the latest 'r. knowledge, than it commonly is in compi n- lations of this kind. We should querry. a us good many statements; but as the whole to sum of Mr. Fullom's present contribution is made up of amounts that, when they are 0- not sterling metal, are put into circulation 't as the acceptances of men whose names are is- good on the exchange of -Science, nobody , has any reason to complain. Some Currency S'riters tell us that money is made up of y coin, bank notes, and accepted drafts, and u that these altogether represent our wealth. he Something like this is the case in science; r; and if acceptances be taken only from men us whose notes are. commonly trustworthy, there can be no great harm in counting them as so much cash. For ourselves, though. we respect much, the nebular he hypothesis of Laplace, we fear that it has re, been seen through-by Lord Rosse's teles by cope ; and we are not very ready to make ise up our minds that the earthhas been thrown off by the sun. Although few, doubt, yet Sir Charles Lyell has caused in some minds very great doubt, whether the theory of .a ti- molten core in the earth is tenable. Real K. faults also arise in the book from misconcep tion, or from too great brevity. The theory. es, of the Monsoons is not, to be detected in o-- the.paragraph devoted by Mr. Fullom to ly, their explanation. The human, body does od not rgceive sustenance through the veins; fromnono extremity td tho other, An anato mist would scarcely say that the thoracic duct pours chyle into the heart. We need not, however, too closely criticize the food which Mr. Fullom sets before us. Alto gether it is wholesome, and will be thought not the less palatable for its Sciipture seasoning. : We must not convey the impression that this book reads like a bald compilation. Mr. Fullom writes in an easy style; and having travelled much in good.earnest over distant portions of the globe, he draws fre qently for pleasant illustrations on his own experience. As providing a first glimpse of natural science to the young, and some amusement and matter of reflection to the old, his volumne may be safely recom mended.-London Examiner. 