FUNNY, THE 4th INSTANT. On Friday the consideration of the calls was resumed, and the Synod agreed to run in the while CTA to the Presbytery of Sydney. Mr. Grant not feel; at liberty to nycoDt any call st PO early a period after his arrival in the colony. The Synod appointed the Rev. Arthur Paul to labour in Sydney, and remitted to the Presbytery to make all suitable arrangements with the view of forming a second congregation in Sydney in connection with this Church. The Convener of the Committee on Education Rive in a verbal report, of which the Synod approved, and instructed the Committee to correspond with the Free Church of Scotland, with the view of securing the services of several efficient teachers. Spheres of labour for the next three months were appointed to the following gentlemen, viz. : The Rev. W. Grant to return to Shoal- j haven and Wollongong for a few weeks, and afterwards to proceed to the Manning River, and the Hunter River districts ; Rev. A. Cameron to proceed first to the Manning River, and then to the Hunter River districts and the Rev. Hugh McKail to proceed to Penrith, Bathurst, and Carcoar. A commission of Synod was appointed to receive the ministers still expected to arrive, and appoint them spheres of labour, as also to those ministers not inducted into a charge till the meeting of Synod in May. The General Treasurer read and laid upon the table his financial report for the past six months, from which it appeared that the contributions to the Sustentation Fund from the several congregations amounted to £689 18s 1 1d. This sum affords to each of the six ministers at present on the fund a dividend for the half-year of £108 15s. 6d., exclusive of the premium on the life of each of these ministers, which sum the Synod ordered to be paid to them accordingly. The Synod unanimously agreed to record their warmest thanks to their Treasurer, Mr. Buyers, for his zealous and disinterested labours on their behalf. The following is the Treasurer's Financial Report for the half-year ending the 31st October, 1853 ;-_ Financial Report for the Half-year ending 31st October, 1883 audience . tion Farm!. Scheme for Congress Sydney 107 5 Maitland 107 15 Ahalton. 7-1 1 Clarence Town. 22 7 Vale of Clwydd. SO 0 Kiama and Jamberoo' 60 6 Shoalhaven d 98 Richmond Castlereagh a Penrith's Private Subscription' 0 100 112 £ s. d. I £. s. d 30 0 0 12-15 12.10 17 3 0% 127 10 IV/j 7 IS 6-41 173 10 2 11 11 8.0 22 2 D 3 0 0 5 0 0 07 3 65 19 5 6s 252 15 261 5 21 0 107 2 100 4 151 2 3 0 0 I 13 9.0 1 11 2 I 192 i 3 '1665 11 1)254 5 WILLIAM BUYERS, General Treasurer. V/A SATURDAY, THE 29TH INSTANT. On Saturday, Mr. Board, from Penrith, appeared on behalf of the Presbyterians of that town and neighbourhood, stating their anxiety for a minister from this Church, and requesting that if possible, a minister may be settled there soon. The Moderator made several statements in confirmation of what Mr. Beard had sail. The Synod expressed their deep anxiety of com- plying with this request as soon as in their power, and agreed in the meantime, to give a service at Penrith, every second Sabbath for the next three months. 'The Rev. Mr. SALMON then gave a verbal report of his visit, by appointment of the Synod, to New England, along with the Rev Mr. Maxwell, stating that everywhere throughout the district, Mr Maxwell was most cordially received and welcomed, and laid upon the table an invitation from the people of NeW England to Mr. Maxwell, to exercise the ministry among them,- which was sustained by the Synod; Mr. Salmon also stated, that owing to the great distance between New England and Sydney, and Mr. Maxwell's great anxiety to commence operations in his district, he had seen it his duty not to come to this meeting of the Synod, with which explanation they declared themselves satisfied. The Synod agreed, that an especial service connected with Mr. Maxwell's induction, be held in the Free Church, Pitt-street, on Monday evening at 7 o'clock. MONDAY, THE 7TH INSTANT. On Monday evening, the Synod met, pursuant to adjournment, when the Moderator opened the service connected with the induc- tion of the Rev. Andrew Maxwell, by engag- ing in devotional exercises ; after which the Rev. Alexander Salmon delivered an appropriate discourse, founded on the first Epistle to the Corinthians, the 3rd chapter, the 21st and first part of the 22nd verses ; after which, the Rev. W. Grant implored the Divine blessing on the formation of the pastoral tie, and commended the brother and his flock, to the care and direction of the Great Head of the Church. The business of the Court being now over, the Moderator delivered the following concluding address : - " Reverend Fathers and Brethren, with the good hand of God upon us, the labours of our Synod have again come to a close. They have been the labours of fallible men ; but feeling our liability to err in judgment, we have, in consulting about the affairs of Christ's Kingdom, earnestly sought to be guided by the wisdom that cometh from above. Hav- ing met together in the name of Christ, and invoked his presence amongst us, I trust we have been enabled to realize the fulfilment of that assurance-" Where two or three are met together in my name, there am I in the midst of them." The harmonious feeling and peaceable spirit which has characterised this meeting of Synod, must have given satisfaction to every member of this reverend Court. Another pleasing and highly encouraging feature of our present sitting, and one which attaches considerable importance to it, is the large accession to our numbers. Four additional ministers have joined our ranks some of the brethren have been engaged in ministerial duty in the colony for the lost three month and already proved themselves to be workmen needing not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth and we have no doubt that those more recently arrived will soon be a source of great strength to our beloved Church. The impressive services connected with the induction of one our brethren in the New England district have added much solemnity to our meeting, which solemnity has been enhanced by the affecting farewell, which one of our number, through ill health, has been compelled to take of us. The Lord has laid his chastening hand upon our dear bro- ther-we greatly deplore his unavoidable resignation and departure from us ; however, for all-wise ends, it is the Lord's doing, and we must bow to His will. And now my fellow labourers in that work of faith and labour of love, committed unto us by the great Head of the Church, in dismissing you to your respective charges, let me affectionately commend you to God and to the word of His grace. Let us be instant in season and out of season in doing the work of evangelists, and making full proof of our ministry. Let us aim like Apollos to be mighty in the Scriptures, so that we may bring out of the divine treasury things new and old, for the edifying of the body of Christ in order to this much diligent study of the word is necessary, accompanied with earnest prayer for the teaching of the Spirit of Truth. Oh, dear brethren, let us seek to be taught of God, so that we may be apt to teach others. Let us exemplify in our walk and conversation those sacred truths which we bring before our people, and thus preach by example as well as precept. While watering the garden of the Lord, let us seek to have our own souls watered, and kept in a prosperous state : personal growth in grace and a high standard in spiritual attainments must not be lost sight of in the execution of our public duties. Further, while we firmly hold and uncompromisingly maintain our distinctive principles of Free Churchmen, let us cheriSh brotherly love to all the disciples of the Saviour, by whatever name they are known amongst men, and be ready to co-operate with ministers of other evangelical sections of the Church of Christ, in promoting the cause of our common Christianity, and furthering the interests of the Redeemer's uni versal kingdom. Let ours is the magnanimous catholicity of the Gospel, " Grace be with all them that love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity." And now, fathers and brethren, let us return to our several districts, to serve God in the gospel of His Son, Oh, to be more faithful to our divine Lord and Master, to be more faithful to the souls of those over was in the Holy Ghost hath made us overseers, and over whom we have to watch as those that must give an account. May the Lord strengthen us in body and soul for the onerous duties devolving upon us, and accompany our messages from the pulpit, and exhortations from house to house-, with the life-giving power of his spirit, of of that number may be converted under our ministry, and, when called upon to render an account of our stewardship to the great Shepherd of the sheep, we may be enabled to say, concerning many souls, Win to Jesus through our instrumentality. Behold, here am I, Lord, and the spiritual children which thou hast given me. And now brethren go in peace, and may the God of peace and love be with you. Arnon. The Monr.KK.TOR then intimated that the business of the Synod was concluded, appointed its next half-yearly meeting to take place in the Free Church, Pitt-street, Sydney, on the first Wednesday of May next, being the fifth day of that month, and pronounced the benediction 