ENGLISH EXTRACTS. SOCIAL MANNERS OF TllE LAS? CENTURY. (From the Gentleman's Magazine for September.) i ANY one who wilt take the trouble to go eare . fully through the columns of the Daily Post, or j. Journal cf ti.e years 1724, 6, 6, and 7, will . find therein scattered yet ample proofs that dis , sotutcness and the sword were inm parablp, : drin k lending fierceness to both. We find an ' illustration of thia earlier than either of the j periods named above. In 1716, for instance, ' Lord Mohun and Captain Hall forcibly carried [ off Mrs. Bracegirdle, the au ress, st tho point . of the sword. They were obliged, however, to ! surrender their prey ; but they lay in wait for [ Will Montford, the'player, who was supposed : to be an admirer of the lady's, and of whom ) Hall was jealous, and barbarously murdered : him in the streets. The " watch" had timidly . offered to Interfere, but the peer and his com . panions had driven them away, and then gladly proceeded to the consummation of a deed for i which a triply-blind justice subsequently re . fused to exact retribution. It was this Möhlin i who afterwards fought the butchering duel in , Hyde Park with the Duke of Hamilton. He ; spent the previous night " at tho bagnio" with > hts second, Major-General M'Carthy, and He . left it as the " Postboy" remarks, " seized with i fear and trembling." " The dog Moh-n," says Swift, " was killed on the spot ; but while the duke waa over him Mohun [Qy. M'CarthyJ shortened his sword, and stabbed him in the shoulder to the heart." M'Carthy, like Hall, was a species of " bully " in the lord's pay, and the mortal wound given to thc duke 'waa believed to have been delivered by his hand. The parties lay on the ground rolling over and hacking at e&ch; other like savages. 1 These antagonists fought for a poor reason some miserable question of law; but the general gallants ot the day were well content to fight for no reason al all. TIIUB Fulwood, the lawyer, in 1720, while standing, as was the custom of the pit, to see Mrs. Oldfield's Scorn- ful Lady, remonstrated with Baau Fielding for pushing against him. "Orland» the Fair" straightway clapped his hand to his sword, and the pugnacious lawyer, determined not to be behindhand, drew his blade and Í)assed it into the body of the beau. While the atter, who was a mature gentleman of some half century old, was exhibiting his wound ir order to excite tho sympathy which he did not get from the laughing ladies, Fulwood, flushed by victory, hastened to the playhouse in Lin- coln's Inn Fields, where he picked a quarrel with a Captain Cusack, who* was a better swordsman than Orlando, ana who stopped the lawyer's triumphs by straightway slaying Night was made hideous by the encounters of these amateur swordsmen on the darkened highways. In one of the number« of the Daily Post, for 1720,1 find it recorded that a bevy of drunken gallants having descended from a hackney-coach in Piccadilly, of course quarrelled with the coachman, whom they ana, because ne remonstrated, stabbed his poor patient Lumen, TUC courogwu» vouug j gentlemen then entered a pu* lie house' for the entertainment of vtry equivocal company, wherein they not only assaulted with their swords the other gallants whom they found thetein, but also the " ladies." ' In the midst of the fray the honest mistress of the mansion flings herself at the feet of the assailants, be- seeching them not to ruin her reputation and bring discredit upon an esta- blishment noted for its "safety and se- crecy!" The paragraph which succeeds that I of which the above is the substance, announces to the public that, on Sunday next, the Lord Bishop of Loudon wi:l preach at Bow Church, Cheapside, on the necessity for a reformation ¡ of manners. It must bo confessed that the sermon was very much needed ; and it is to ba ' deplored that it was not followed by tho desired results. Tho " wits " were despera- does who assumed that' name, who formed theraselres into "sword-club"," and who took possessijn of tho town in the dead hours'of night, ta the peril of life and lim'i of every human being whom at that season they found crossing their path. The peculnr names under Which these clubs maintained continual tcrrorthrough the town were ai fanciful as thosf more learned but somewhat pugnacious assodations which in Tasso's time did tho office of reviewers, and were the aversion of authors. The " Bold Bucks " and the " Hell Fires " divided the metropolis between them. The latter were content to kill watch- men and simple citizens. Such killing was with them but an act of " justifiable ho- micide," anl the inclination for it one of those amiable weaknesses which the young gentle- men of thi day looked upon as the most natural tiing possible. The "Bold Bucks," under thir significantly devilish device of i" Blind ¿nd Bold Love," were, however, steeped ii deeper infamy than their rivals. The i beasts 1 at perish were more decent than they, ah their very Bisters gazed at them with ? tremblir apprehension. All the " Bold Bucks" vere necessarily atheists. Atheism wuB om of the indispensable qualification's for adn sion. Mad tho Bishop of London preachc his sermon, on the necessary refor- mation f manners, at St. Mary-le-Strand, .his LcUhip would doubtless have been treated p a running commentary on hiB dis course he " Bold Bucks" being accustomed ¡to assei lc every Sunday at a tavern adjacent to thatfcality, where, during divine service, they kt : a loud band of music continually at iwork ; j id after service seated themselves at a banqui the chief dish whereof was one blasph ously hamed a " Holy Ghost Pie !" ! The ord-clubs were suppressed by royal proclai tion in 1721. Some say that they had heen d ounced as unlawful three years previ- ously, lowevcr thi* may be, the object of thc proclai lion was ta banish from civilised society he presence of the sword its-.If, in order i reby to cluck the practice of duel- ling, w ch was at'.hat period exercised tx elusive by means if the sword. The law became rinjtcnt aril judges merciless up >i> this pot. This wu made sufficiently cleat in 172Givhen MajocOneby kided Mr. Gowci in a dulwith sword fought in u tavern, aftei a dispuJoYer a garb at hazard. The pattie! had fovht in a root alone. The major, whe had bee both the 'ggreesor and chillenger, mortalljwounded |r. Gower, who, ho waver, declarejthat he ha) fallen in fair combat. A jury, nferthelebs, lund Oneby guilty of mur dei ; tß Judges aquiesced in the verdict, and the m/>r only cscjied execution by commit ting^fcide- ; Tylaw had norong to wait before othci offenders were summoned for too freely uiiai 1 the sword. On a night in November, 172?,« Savage, the poet, with two companion«, named Qr gory and Merchant, entered a eofifee-hou** near Charing.cross. Merchant insulted th« company, a quarrel cntsued, swords we» Cruwn, and a Mr. Sinclair was slain by « thrust, it was said (but not proved) /rom tW t Bword of Savait. Tne ÏCS'Ù.Î ur me mal that , followed i6 ^ell kltpwn; Thc- Verdict of guilty j of murder against Savage and Gregory, and of 1 Manslaughter ogçdnst perchant (who wa» th* jj moát culpable p)arty)i was enacted by the Judjjej evidently under pressure of the proclamation ! against swordB. Merchant was bumed in the ! hand in open court, fined, compelled to give security for future good behaviour,' and dit. ' Charged;._ $is associates had a narrow «capa of the lgrioraihions death for which they .wyr* assiduously prepared by Dr. Young, who will ¡ not then known for his " Night Thoughts," j but who was at the time establishing a repntj. I tion by the publication of those Satires which so faithfully pouttray. the social crimes uni errors of tne dayi Johnson's Life of flava» docs not state Merchant's sentence, nor doeift notice upon what terms Savage and Gregor»] obtained their liberty. They w«-re liberated 1 upon condition of their.withdrawing to ti,' colonies for thc space of three yea», and riviM, security to keep ihe peácS. TM MHrfutoJi appear to have been evaded. Gregory, indttd, dui proceed to Antigua, where he obtained sa appointment in the Customs; but the way wari Savage sat down os a pensioner at the hearth 1 of Lord Tyrconnel ; whose benevolence, it k hardly necessary to add, he most shamefully abusfcttt 1 Nearly the last, if not the last, duel fought with swords, was the fatal one between Lord Byron and Mr. Chaworth (January, 17*2). 1 hey had quarrelled at the Star and Garter, Pail-mall; Upon a question touching manon ähd game- preserves. ThcJ fdüght In a closed room of the tavern, and Mr. Chaworth wu Blain. The circumstances of the killing looked much more like raurd-r than in the case of Major Onebyand Gower. The Peers, how- ever* acquitted Lord Byron of murder, but found him guiltjr of mahslnuKliter; His Lmd, Bhip claimed the benefit of the statuie bl Edward VI., and was discharged on paying hij fees; A bitter mockery of justice ! 