SOCIAL 31ANNER, OF THE LAST CEX From the Genteman'a MRaza:ine.) Any one who will take the trouble to gn eare-. fully through the columns of the Daily rost or Journal of the years 1234-77, will find therein scattered ample proofs that disoluteness and the sword were inseparable, drink lending fieree ness to both. We find, for instanee, that in 1716, Lord 3fohun and Captain Hall foriblyh corried off Mrs. Braegirdle, the aetres, at the point of the sword. They were obliged, how ever, to surrender their pre, lint they lay in wait for Will ounntford, who was snpposed to be an admirer of the lad.'s, and of whom Hall was Jealous, and barbarously murdered him on the streets. The ' watch,' as it was oalled, had timidly offered to interfere, L?t the peer and his companicas had driven them away, und then cladly proceeded to the consummation of a deed for which a triply-blind justice subsequently re fused to exact retribution. It was this 3lobua who afterwards fought the butchering duel in Hyde rark with the Duke of Hami;ton. lHe spent the previous night at 'the bagnio,' and he left it, as the account remarks, ' seized with fear and tremlding.' ' The dog 3iohun.' says Swift, 'was killed on the spot; Lbt while the Doke was over him, 3I'Carty (a bully in the lord's pay,) shortened his sword, and stabbed him in the shoulder to the heart.' The parties lay on the ground, rolling tver and hacking at each other like savages.' These antagonists fought for poor resaon some miserable question of law; b~t the general gallants of the day were well content to fiht for no reason at all. Thus, Fulham, the lawyer, in 1720, while standting, as was the custom of the pit, to cee Mrs. Oldfield's Secornful Lad, re monstrated with Bean Fielding for pushing a gainst him. 'Orlando the.Fair ' straightwar elapted his hand.to Iis sw ord, and the.pngna-' ioms lawyer. determined not -to be behindhaud, drew his blade, ar.d .panoe it into tie bodlr of "- i. , ".. ." .. ,":"? the bean. While the latter, who was a mature srntleman of :some half ceutnryro d, was exi-. bitine his wound, in order to excite the srm vathy which he-did not get from the lauglijin. ladies, Fulwood, fushed with victory, hastened to the playhouse in Lincoln's Inn Fields, ahero he picked a quarrel with a Captain Co.ack, who was a better swordsman than Orlando, and who stopped the lawnyc's triumph by straightway slaying him. Night was made hideous by tihe eneonutors at these amateur swordsmen on the darkenyd high ways. In one of the numlers of the Daily Pfsr, .for 1726, it is recoorded that a bevy of drunken gallants, having descended from a hackner coach sn Piccadilly, of course quarrelled with the coachman, whom they bilked, and because he re monstrated, stabbed his poor patient horses. The courngeous young gentlemen thou entered a public house for entertainment of very equivocal company, wherein they nos only nssaulted wi:h their swords the other gallants whom ther found therein, but also the 'ladiea.' In the midst of the fray the honest woman of the house fiun- herself at the feet of the assailants, becrechin them not to ruin her reputation, and bring dIi credit upon an establishment noted for its s-fetv and secrecy ! The paragraph which succeeds the abovo is an announcement to the public that the Lord Bishop of London will preach at lion Church, Cheap*ide, on the neeessity for r. re formation of manners. It must be confessed that the sermon was very much needed; but it was not folloned by the desired results. The Iwits', were desperadoes who assun:ed that name, who formed themselves into ' sword-clubs, nad who took posse-i< n of the town in the dead hoers of the ni.ht, to the peril of life and limb of every human be:ng whom they found c:ossing their path. The peculiar names under which these clubs maintained continual terror through thte town, were as fauciful as those more Ierned but somewhat p:g-nacious avsociations which in Tasso's time did the oicro of reviewers, and were the ae si-.n of an'l.ors. TI- Ford Pu-ks r.ad the "Hld- fires divided the town between them. The latter woe ecntei.t to k;ll watchmen nod simple citinons. Such killing was with them but an sat of 'jnatifi.ble homicide.' and the in elination for it ore of those amiable weaknesses I which the young men of the day looked upon as tl:e met natealn thing possible. The P..-?d linchk, und-r their signilantly-devilish device of Blind ?ad Bold Tore, were, however, steeled is deeper infamy than their rival;. The hleaas that perish -ere more decent than they, and their very er~ gazed at them with trembling apprehension. Had te B shop of Lordon preached l.it sermon on the n.cessary reforma ti, n of wanner at St. Mry-le-Strand, his lord ship wacald drubt!:a have teen trea'ed to a nnrainr commentary on his discourse, tle Bald Bucks bein- secuastmed to assemble every Sun slay at t os'rn adjacent to that locality, where daring divine servim they kept a band of mu,ie continally It work ; and after service seated thenselves ata banquet, the chief dih of which was lHarybemr sly named a ' loly Ghost Pie! The sword-elubs we a suppressed by royal pralamation in 1724. Some say that they had been deno?nedl as unlaaful tireo years pro vi.usly. Ho?ever this may be, the object of the preslamatioa was to banish from civiliard society the presence of the sword itself, in order to cheek the practice of duelling, which was at that time exereised extensively by means of the sword. The law beeamo stringent anr.d judges merciless ape thlis point. lihis was mode sni Siently clear in 1726, when Major Onehy killed Mr. Gowar in a duel fought with swords, in a tavern, after a dispute over a game at hazard. The parties had fought in a room alone. The majir, who had hesn both the aggressor, and challenger, mortally wounded lir. Gower, who, however, declared that he had fallen in fair combat. A jury, nevertheless, found Oneby guilty of murder; the ijndes acquieseed in the verdict, and the m.ajor only escaped execution by committlng snicide. The law had not long to wait beftre other offenders were osmmoned for too freely n;ing swords. On a night in November, 1727, Savage, the poet, and two companions. named Gregory and Merchiant, entered a coffee honie near Char ing Cross. Merchant insulted the company, a quarrel ensued, swords were drawn, and a Mr. Sinelair was slain by a thrust, it was sc 2, (hot not -roved) fiom the sword of Savage. 'fhe verdict of guilty or murder against Savage and Gregory, and of manslanuhteragainst Merchant, who was the most enlraLle party, was exacted by the judge, evidently under presuare of the preclamation against swords. 3lirelant was hurnel in the hand in open curt, fned, com pelled to give security for future good behaviour, and discharged. Ils associates h? a narrow escape from the ignominious death, for 'which they were assiduonsul prepared by Dr. Young, who was not then known for his Night TLoughts, but who was establishing a literary reputation by his Satires, descriptive of the vices ani follies of the day. Johnston's Life of Savage does not state Merchant's sentence, inor does is stata on what terms Savage and Gregory ob tainev their lilerty. They were literates nc condition of withdirawing to the cok!nios fr the space of three years, and giving security to keep the peace. The conditions appeared to have been evaded. Gregory went to Antigis, snd Savage sat down as a pensioner of Lord Tyrconnell, Whose btnerolence he Ehamefully sntued. L?ord Byron, the grandfather of the poet, in Stavern dispute with 3r. Chaworth, killed him n a duel fong-h in one of the rooms. The eers, on his trial, "cquitted him of murder, ,ot found him gnilts of manslanghter, and he cao discharged on piyment of hts fte. A litter moc -ery of j :usi-e 