JUBILEE MEETING or TUB AUXILIARY BRITISH AND FOREIGN BIBLE SOCIKTr. The 8pccial Meeting, in connection with the Jubilee of the Bible Society, took place pursuant to announcement, on Wednesday evening, October 12th, 1S53, at the Hall of the Mechanics' Institute. His Excellency SIR W DENISON, Lieutenant-Governor, took the Chair, having arrived precisely at seven o'clock. Rttcndod by Lieut-Colonel Last, Pri- Tste Secretary, and Lieut Lochner, R E, his Excellency's Aide-do-camp. The attendance was numerous, and the proceedings were conducted in the best possible spirit. HIS EXCELLENCE commenced the business by stating the occasion that had called them together—to commemorate the Jubilee of the British and Foreign Bible Society; an occasion in which it was proper to begin their proceedings with prayer His Excellency therefore called upon The Rev W Nicolsoa (Free Church) to engage in prayer; which being complied with by the reverend gentleman in brief and appropriate terms. The Rev F MILLER, the Secretary, read an interesting statement of the origin and operaticns of the Bible Society, and the design of the present celebration. He also read a statement of sums already raised for the objects of the Jubilee, in this colony, amounting to upwards of jCl90. •The Rev Secretary also read letters of apology from the Revs Messrs Manton, Harris, Norman, Burroughs, and Robertson, unavoidably prevented from attending, and a com- munication from the Assistant Foreign Secretary of the l'aicut iSociety, reporting that the receipts for last year amounted to £109,109, exclusive of the Jubilee Fund, which bad reached, at the time of writing, £17,000,-including a donation of £1000 by alay member of the Church of England, who sent it with an injunction to " ask no questions." It was likewise intimated to be the intention of the Society to send a Deputation to the Australian Colonies, with a view to arouse the colonists to increased efforts in behalf of the Society's operations. , , Rev H DOWLINO (Baptist) was called upon by liis Excellency to move the first resolution, in the absence of the Rev Dr Lillie, to whom that duty liad been assigned, but who was prevented from being present through domestic affliction. Mr Dowhng spoke to the following effect:—I am placed in no ordinary situation; it usually happens that the person appointed to second a resolution, as I was, concludes by saying nothing. I came here for tlie very purpose of merely seconding the resolution which was to be moved by Dr Lillie, and for whom, you will all admit, 1 am but a poor substitute; but so it happens, and I mus£ in a few words, call your attention to the report you have already heard. The resolution I have to submit is as follows i— 1\. That this Moeting welcomes the Jubilee of the British and Foreign Bible Saoiety, bailing itas a fitting occasion for commemorating tlie Pivine Goodness, so abundantly vouchsafed to the Society in its origin, early history and subsequent progress; and for promoting by new and vigorous efforts, the widest possible circulation of the Holy Scriptures. Now, your Excellency, ladies, and gentlemen, the report that has been read, has comprehended the origin and subsequent progress of the Society, and therefore I will confine myself more particularly to a few observations by way of assisting to promote " new and vigorous efforts," I could say not a little on the origin and progress of tlie Bible Society, but, in reference to new and vigorous efforts, this will involve the having the mind devotionally dir.-cted t^God the Holy Ghost, that he would shine on the sacred page, and make it spirit and life to those who, as yet, are dead in trespasses and sins. That lays the foundation. Reference has been made to Dr Steinkoff, one of the fouudcrs of the Society, and we have seen that the origin wasasenson of great prayer; and we all know that when prayer and faith ore united, great things may be expected. In the plan of operations of this society there is nothing to harrass individuals ; here we are, you see, Episcopalians, Presbyterians, Congregationalists, and, (what is next?—Baptists (a laugh). AY ell, tliey could not do without a Baptist Secretary at first; but, in rcatity, it is a society that unites all Christian denominations in holy brotherhool, ond actire co-operation (applause). We have heard something respecting colporteurage; spiritually minded men taking the bible in their hands to the cottages of the poor, aud reading them, without comment it may be, for that is not always necessary, or commencing where necessary, and where they feel moved ti do so.* But I will mention another way, in nbich I think we have been Jacking; and as I come from the northern division of the Colony, and it has seemed desirable that the tvo divisions should be united, the southern meeting by northern representation, 1 may say I intend to propose it in my own district —that is, employing and, paying hawkers who go al»ut the country With their stores, ami who have many opportunities of distributing the sacred volume; I find them sometimes in the country places selling their spelling books, and writing books, but I don't see them disposing of Bibles and Testaments ; I propose that these men shall be employed in this work a= a matter of trade—by paying tlicm for it But to mention another way ; in commercial life, and in official duties, and even in the abodes of the humble mechanic, there appears to be a difficulty in bringing the reading of the bible to bear on their family, sow I heard of a tradesman, in o-ther a large way, who hit on a plan for bringing this to bear in a very simple form; he hod the bible brought in on the breakfast when the water is being put in, he would read three verses of the Scriptures, and thus a portion of Scripture would be ensured to the first company ; then, when they had concluded, a second company would sit down, and three more verses while things were getting ready, and three more verses when the third came j for there were generally about three detachments, it being a large establishment ; and thus nine verses—not a long chapter in Luke containing 71 verses, or a long chapter in Isaiah, as is sometimes the case (alaugli), but just nioe vericjforbrcakttat; and the same thing was done at tea time, and great benefit was the result. Then again, I would address official gentlemen, I sec them walking into town in the morning, in haste it may be, anxious to be punctual at their official duties, and it occurs to me that some plan could be adopted by such individuals for a more frequent and thorough bringing of the sacred word to bear upon them apd their families; and for, as it were promoting its dissemination on the mind. We arc met to-night on no common occasion • one hardly knows how to be silent on such an occasion—the Jubilee of the Bible Socicty; only once in 50 years docs such an occasion present, and on which we can have the opportunity of contributing, in the way in which 1 hope wo shall do to-night; this is the season of effort—not a common meeting; it's a Jubilee; and perhaps some persons have not thought of that, or tbey would have brought their £5 notes, and their £l notes, and have left their threepenny pieces and their fourpenny bits behind them (much laughter); however, that need be no hindrance: for I have here a few pieces of paper on which any one who feds disposed will have the opportunity of patting down his I O U, which will be quite as satisfactory as money, because you have very good credit in Hobart Town—that 1 know, and your IO U's will bequite as acceptable to the Committee as cashdomi. (Renewed laug' ter, the rev gentleman suiting the action to the word, and laying out some pieces of paper in convenient form, for the purpose proposed, and which were, we believe, resorted to in several instances, at a subsequent part o( the meeting.) . HENKY HOPKINS, Esq., I. P., in seconding the resolution, referred to the difficulty in former times of getting the Scriptures, and the comparative abundance of them at present ; but the proportion of copies now extant, was^ -greatly short of the millions of human beings in the world, especially China. He also irapr -ssed upon the meeting the accountability of those who possessed the Bible to its Giver, and the influence it should have on life and action, for by the Scriptnres all would be judged. The Itev Mr SIMSON, (Presbyterian, O'Brien's Bridge) briefly supported the resolution, which was put by his Excellency, and carried unanimously Rev Dr FRY (Episcopalian) moved the second resoltttion— 8\. That this Meeting approves of the Institution of a Jubilee Fund, and invites all ranks and ages to contribute thereto with a liberality,commensurate with the importance and magnitude af the objects contemplated by the Bible Society; and with the augmented resources which many are reiliunc in the 6 present time. He observed, that in coming forward to advance a measure of such importance, and of so sacred a character as this, he felt deprcssei by a consideration of its magnitude. Who could venture to speak adequately of the objects of the Bible Society, whose design was to disseminate that book which bad God for its author, salvation for its end, and eternal truth for its matter 1 What truth, what knowledge, what ray of light did the soul possess that could not be ascribed to God's Word? Was it not bis spiritual life; God's light beaming on his soul ? The Rev Doctor related two anecdotes, illustrative of his subject ; one of Thornton the friend of Wilberforce, anJ patron of John Newton; lie was applied to for a subscription to the Bihle Soriety, and wrote a chcquc for £50; while thfc „o)-„. _ . 1 7-, - —— » - . collectors were occupied in expressing their I thanks and astonishment at bis munificence, a letter was handed to Thornton, while reeding which his countenance was overcast for a moment, and be desired the collectors to band him back the cheque, saying £e had received toteUiSti® of a severe loss; the collectors demurred Tor a moment, and begun to be sorry they lial spent, so much time in expressing thanks for the £50, but at last tbey gave it him, when Thornton merely added a cypher to the sum and returned it to the gentlemen once more, the cheque being made £t00 instead of JE50; again they were struck with astonishment, but he explained to them that for some time it bad appealed to him that the Almiguty was about to take away a great portion «f the wealth he possessed, and he wished to let the Lord's cause lir.ve as much of it as he could consistently give, before he lost it all. Thornton was indeed an extraordinary man, aud acted on a different principle to that of many persons present, who liad been blessed in their resources, and who, when they gave, would do so out of thcirabundance. tfod had made this land prosperous, and ministers of religion could congratulate themselves and each other that in their visits they did not find instances of extreme want aud misery, except such as arose from the dreadful vice efidrunkenness; the Almighty had opened up the treasures of the earth, and did be not call on the people, and were tbey not bound to give to His cause in proportion to that which he was heaping upon them ? If they understood how much they owed to the blessed truth, and what was the wretchedness of those who had not the Word of God, they would not require any exertion on hiB (Dr Fry's) pari to urge them to join in this resolution. The other anecdote was this:—Some parties went to a cottage to collect in behalf of a r<&lgious; cause, and pointing to a large house in the vicinity, enquired if-the owner waB likely to give them anything 1 O, yes, said the cottagers, he is sure to do that for be is a religious man; he has the Scripture read in the family, and constant prayer is offered there; they therefore went to the house with joy, not doubting of success; but when they made their appeal, they were repulsed, the occupier said he had so many calls for other objects, he could not contribute; the visitors were disheartened and disappointed, and told the gentleman so, and that having beard he had the Scriptures read, and daily prayer offered, they fully expected a response to the appeal, and that he would have endeavoured to assist in carrying out the object for which he so regularly prayed; the gentleman was struck .\ritli these observations; his heart was smitten with a Benseof his inconsistency, he repented his refusal, & gave a subscription adequate to his position and his means. That was a case that should make some impression on them; and the question for them was, did they ast consistently with their prayers and frofessions? No doubt there was not a Christian present whose heart was not filled with a desire for the salvation of his brethren, and lie prAycd for this; but did he act consistently ? Did be co-operate with God—was lie a felloiv-worker with him, and was he an instrument for God to carry out the object ? If not, lie was guilty of a flagrant, but very commoD inconsistency. God had all nature at His command, and it was not because be required them, that be called them to co-operate, but ho gave them the highest privilege in making them to be fellow-workers with Him, in the dissemination of His word—the word of life and salvation. They were carrying out the command of Christ to liis disciples, "Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature," they were his agents j and the Bible Society, which the \- . .. they were called to aid, was literally cariyitig out the miracle of the gift of tongues, which was intendc 1 to disseminate the kuowledge of the Scriptures in all languages and tongues, by promoting the circulation of the sacred word in the ISO languages into which it had been translated (cheers). And it was impossible to conceive anything more noble, or more glorious than objects like these. Much had been done, the objects of the Bible Society embraced the whole world, "the harvest truly is great," enough had been doueto cheer them and they must go on , they world be false to their profession, unfaithful to their Redeemer, not to carry out the great object of circulating the scriptures i'---*-- * •— It was a time of nun Jubilee—the me time was fast approaching, "when the whole earth shall be filled with the knowledge of the Lord, as the waters cover the sea." He had no doubt that time was at hand. The Bible Soncty had a small beginning, but it was begun aright, and it had expanded until it now embraced the whole world; there was now no lrotestant community in which efforts wore not mle or carrying out the objects of the Bible Socicty (cheers). The power of the Almighty had lecn with it, it had commenced iu lus fear, aad had gone on with success < Ihcre was one circumstance, that, above ali others marked its divinity, that was, its success; it had no banks, no coal mines to fill back upon-hc even believed it to be in debt, but it had an cxisteuce-an existcnee in the spirit of Christianity, and in the hearts of those who supported it (cheers), It lived bv the power of God in the heartsofhis Christian people. The baviour himself called upon them to circulate his word, and bv that means to brmg the knowledge of salvation to the hearts of the heathen. And would they not deny themselves to enjoy the privilege of « operating with the Bible Society? It was their hearts to the cause, oud cive alltho means in their power to extend its influence and operations. (Loud applause ) Rev Mr D'EMDEN (Independent, Richmond) seconded the resolution; aud said two questions were suggested on the occasionwere the objects of the society worthy in themselves, aud deserving of attention In analysing the objects as pointed out bv the committee, he found there were two distinct elements in the objects of the Jubilee eelcbration. First there was to be an increase of operations of the old character, and secondly to be a fund for the maintenance ofcolporteurs on the continent, and their widows and families in cases of need. And he must say, he was glad to see this movement at last made—it had been long wanted. The colporteurs on the continent carried on their labours where the Bible was wished to be locked up in Latin j and if it were not for British liberality all great causes on the continent would die out for want of means • for in many cases the greatest exercise of Christian chanty in those countries wns to drive these men to apostacy. They should oonsider that the colporteurs were the servants of the Christian public, and therefore should not be cast off in old age; but they were also the servants of the Most High God and as such had a claim to their sympathy ond support. As to colporterage in this country, it was of very great importance: no doubt there was many a slab hut where there was no bible; but there was many a slab hut too where the colportcur was wanted to take off the dust from their bibles ; for the dust was thick enough on the covers of many of them to write the word " damnation " on them. The other objects of the Jubilee fund wore iacreoacd operations in the old direction; be (MrD'Emdon) liked that—the socicty was not growing old and rusty; it was therefore proposed to go on in the old direction, and an appeal was made to that sympathy of which Dr Fry had so happily spoken. The bible was the grand agent, the cliiefest agent of all modern civilization; he spoke of modern in contradistinction to ancient civilization. When lie gospel catnc among men 1S00 years ago, it contained the germ of a new civilisation; all was warlike then, all conflict, when men knew nothing but oppressing each other; but now a new state or things nad arisen, all was comparatively peaceful. He had been struck with the recent observations of a man who gathered his impressions from things of the last century; in talkiti" of the affair of Turkey, he said if it had happened in his young days England would have gone to war long before; and he (Sir D - 'Emden) believed him: but he thanked God and took courage: ho believed a new state of things had arisen, and an impression that if men were brethren tlicy were to be brethren in Jesus Christ, and that we dare not lift ! hand against him whom we owned as our brother. It was remarkable that the Bible Society and civilization bad so rapidly grown cLviuzAiiuu uiv.1 su runr.iiy crown together of late; fifty years ago comparatively nothing was known of the bible; but now they had ahips aud commerce and everything that indicated the genius of civilisation in company with the dissemination of the bible. The bible bad the highest claims for what it had done for them, and the Bible Socicty liad claims for what it had done and was destined to accomplish. Fifty years ago the bible was rare in many languages; but he would mention how great was his astonishment when seeing at the Great Exhibition, displayed in a large glass case as wide, probably, as that platform, containing one copy of eaoh of the bibles published by the Society and distributed-in 150 different -tongues—(cheers.) It was interesting to observe, how stranger after stranger looked over them until be would come to one that he could read, a bible in his own language, and on which the word of salvation by tbe Lord Jesus Christ was so clearly brought within the compass of his own power to read and understand; and the greater part of these who now possessed this gi'eat blessing would never have seen the light of sacred truth, but for the efforts of this socicty; they had, therefore, great reason to be grateful for what had been thus accomplished, and they had great reason to hope with reference to the operations of the future-' He ventured to predict that the next time a Jubilee of tbe Socicty was -called, their children and their children's children would have reason to rejoice and say, " Blessed be God who hath sent forth bis word to the length and breadth of the world, and that there is not a language, nor tongue, in which the bible cannot be read—(checrB.) It was a custom of the Royal Humane Society at home —a society formed for the purpose of rescuing persons from death by drowning, to assemble Uie persons saved during the year, through its means, at the annual meeting when the persons passed in proccssion before the assembled audience: but O if they could liave their delegates from the various lands to which copies of the word of life had been sent, what a variety would be presented; of all tints and character; some from the depths of Africa^ others from the interior of America, and many from the islands at home ana abroad, representatives of tbe various districts to which the Bible Society had sent the word of God—(cheers)—and they would tell us what were their feelings on being rescued from death eternal, through the light and knowledge of salvation diffused by means of the Book of God, the bible sent to them through tlie agency of tlie Bible Socicty : how our hearts would respond to their grateful acknowledgements; and then should we say, take not only what wo have given already, but take all that we have to support such a glorious work; then our cheques for 501. would be for 500/., and liberality aud selfdenial would be in some measure proportionate to the obligations under which we are laid. There was one element in this socieiy that seemed to him (Mr D'Emden) to lay hold more strongly of all his sympathies, namely its earnest catholicity—[cheers.)—allusion had already been made to it but he wished just to give utterance to one feeling; he thought all their institutions had a tendency that way ; and those which had not, were dying cut; there was a want of unity, and they were beginuiug to feel it; it had been increasing among them of late—they were feeling that tbey were or ought to be one in Christ Jesus; and, for bis part, he looked forward to the day when the London Missionary Society, the Church Missionary Socicty, the Colonial Missionary Society, tlie Wcslcyan Missionary Society, and the Baptist Missionary Socicty will have ceased to exist, and when all will have merged into one, and all be unitodly engaged in sending forth the word of truth and heralds of salvation to earth's remotest bound, the wish and aim of all being to hasten the day when the glorious Gospel of the blessed God shall be known to all the nations of the earth. He believed all had a tendency in that direction; but the Bible Socicty was making rapid strides; it was the first that began tbe work in a Catholic spirit except the Tract Socicty; that Catholicity had called down the blessing of God, and that would support it when all others should cease to exist. [Continued applause-] The resolution was carried nem. eon. l>r. OFFICER move! the 3rd resolution,— 3\. That the Jubilee Fund realised by this (fuiiora may flcsirc otherwise) in promoting an extensive and efficient system of eolportage in this Colony, and in affordingaid to China and such other parts of the world as mav appear open to special operations. The doctor in a concise address dwelt upon the advantages of the Colporteur system, the opposition experienced on the Continent • the adaptation of the plan to this colony and the importance of the contemplated plan of making special efforts to disseminate the bible more extensively in China The Rev. G. CLARK (independent) seconded the resolution,and referred to two extremes into which christians were liable to fall • viz on the one hand the monopolizing of the' blessings of Christianity to themselves, and on the other, to be so anxious to promote remote objects as to neglect their own spiritual interests, represented by the two cases iu scripture of the dew falling upon the fleece, and none around ; and the dew around the fleece but none upon it. The resolution he hal to second would embrace both these objects Having made some further introductory remarks, the rev. gentleman proposed to dwell more particularly on the present position of China, to which allusion had already been made. About the time of the first Charles the present Tartar dynasty invaded China' the second reigning memberof which received and fostered the Roman Catholic Missionaries but the third had dismissed the missionaries altogether from the country. For a Ion" time they manifested a dislike to the introduction of foreigners into the country, and there had been several insurrections in which the successors of the old dynasty had tried to reCTin the sovereignty. After the war wiih the British, the confidence of the people in the Tartar dynasty became weakened j and in 184S it was very remarkable that a young man, professing to be a christian, commenced an invasion of tbe Southern Provinces of China, when several companions joined him, and ultimately one hundred millions had piven in their adhesion. The most remarkable thing, however was the religious element; many of the proclamations referred to the deluge, the fall, the incarnation of the Saviour Jesus Christ The English Plenipotentiary had visited the camp of ihe insurgents, there being at the time 30,000 under arms, and observed that their order was very great, resembling it was thought that of the army under Cromwell's Protectorate. Their religious fervor was astonishing, nnd among other things a number of young men, in speaking to the Plenipoten- tiary, warned him against the danger of intoxication by opium smoking, and so on. Now the question is, howarc we to account for this 7 The leaders of the movement had been claimed by Catholics, and by Protestants, and different parties; but they could go much further In the 4th century, it was know the Nestorian Christians established religion in China and the Tartar King had places of worship in the countiy. The Ncitorians retained mmy of the eld Jewish rites, and it was remarkable that the Chinese were now just as strict, and prcsonted a picture of that Christian Judaism of which the Apostle spoke, and of which there was no other type in the world. It was also to be remarked that just at this time the bible hod been revised, and the revision was equal to a new translation. At the Iastmcet- "g of the translators of the Chinese Bible, so groat was their emotion on occasion of the accomplishment of their work, that they were overcome, and literally speechless. There bad been some remarkable instances: Gibbon, on completing the Decline and Fall of Nations, and the more interesting one of the Venerable Bode, who, when dying, was approaching the close of the translation of the Book of Revelation, and betrayed so much anxiety to know of the Amanuensis if he were nearly done. The men who had translated tbe Chinese bible had undergone great suffering. S5me had lost their families, and some tlftirwivesbut they persevered until tbey lmd finished the translation of the biile, that could now be perused by a people, 300 millions of whom could read it. And when they connected all those things together^ and rrmcmhcre I that the New Testament oould now be sold in China for tho value of about 6J., they should do wi»»t they could for the extension and oircu- latjon of GoJ'6 truth among300 millions of tlie humau family (checrs.) In conclusion, Mr Clark referred to the' South Sea Islanders, end tbe fact of the recent completion of the bible in the language of that people. An old man was speaking in terms of congratulation that they had now tbe bible complete; he said —all night long have I been sitting up reading die Book of Job: it is s wonderful boob- Jmt now I have all the books. „I have-the bible, the whole bible; and nevtr ehall the dust cover it; never shall the mildew defile it, «r the moth invade it. 1' have it—it is my Ufe, my joy, and it shall be until -I die (cheers.) 'His Excellency then put the resolution to the meeting, who passed it unanimously. The Rev. W. NICOLSON moved the 4th resolution as follows — 4\. That this Meeting, while calling on the friends of tbe Bible Society to unite in commemorating its year of Jubilee, would express their earnest desire, and hope tbat whatsoever is done, may be in iiumblo dependence on the blessing of Almighty God and to His Glory. Rev. Mr. STRONGMAN (Independent) seconded; and in doing BO expressed ills hearty congratulations on tbe meeting of this evening, and on the un-sectarian character of the socicty. He also took occasion to notice the patronage given to the Bociety by distinguished statesmen; that ever to be lamented statesman, Sir R. Peel, had several years ago presided at a meeting of the Tamworth Bible (Society; and at a late meeting of the British and Foreign School Society, tbe most illustrious statesman of the day boj taken the chair and addressed the pupils on bible principles, and on the duty of endeavouring to hasten the period when the word of God shall be known throughout the world. And now, it was with extreme pleasure .tbey found His Excellency occupying the chair to-night; he would take leave to say it was a fitting place for him; he threw a lustre on tbe society; but he would also say, with all respect to his Excellency, that tbe society threw.a lustre on .him—'applause.) We live in an eventful time; locking back on the post 50 years, they would rcjoicc in the proud position held by Britain; but why was it? Because Britain honoured the bible, and the principles of the bible were embodied in her constitution and her laws, and tbey were held by the people and carried out by them. If they looked at 1 England, they would find she had made great j progress in her moral greatness; he was read- • ing a short time since of some remarks made at a public dinner where several foreigners were present, anil talking of tbe Great Exhibition; a French captain observed that the thing that struck bim most was the absence of the military; and this solve! a problem how England was governed by great and distinguished men, but on principles of peace; and was not this to be attributed to the influenceof the bible? What an honour was prevailed there also be attributed to the infleenceof the bible? He was proud to think he lived under the monarchy of our rightful sovereign Queen Victoria, but could not refrain from acknowledging that tbe similar order that prevailed in the United States, although the excitement at their presidential elections every four years was so ffreat, was to be attributed to the same cause tbe acknowledgment of bible principles, and the carrying out of bible precepts, fbey might learn maffy a lesson from the history of the United StateB of what the bible bad done for the people. Mexico was discovered and colonized 100 years before the New Engbind States ; but compare the tatter with the former, and the effects of the bible would be seen. The old puritans went to the New England States with the bible in their bands, and from the latest accounts the prop-ess of Massachusetts and the New England States was far beyond other parts of tlie-country; and why ? Because tbey acknowledged the bible, and carried out its principles: nnd so it would be every where, (and with that remark he would conclude,) that just in proportion as the bible was acknowledged, truth and rightcousncss would prevail in the earth.(applause.) His Excellency read the resolution, and observed that he thought no one individual in that assembly could lake exception^it ^ he signify the~-same'liy rising. The whole meeting immediately rose, and the motion was passed with much cheering. , JOSEl'lI HONE, Esq., Chairman of Quarter Sessions, proposed the last resolution | 5\. That tins Meeting respectfully acknow- I- s .?, s -M 1 ." ! ki ° d ®ttontion of liis Excellency S.r William Denison to the business of the evening, and trusts that a cheerine rcnort of the results of this Jubilee oelebraUonTy to presented at tho approaching anniversary of this Auxiliary Society. i Mr Miller, was carried by acclamation, the assembly nunin standing up. | HIS EXCELLE.VC1T acknowledged the toast in the following manner:—My friends, I may be allowed to say a very few words, first to acknowledge the kind manner in whioh ' you havo responded to the resolution, and ' my duty to be here (cheers). In reference to the contribution for a special Jubilee Fund, ! I must recall to mmd some of the remarks which have been made, and first as to the t 1, h % p 1 c - , , p , l0; " iacnt the number of bibles already disseminated are quite disproportion^ to the population of the world; but even were it not so, and a million a yoar were distributed, that would not meet the annual increase of the popula- ; 13 E , r Tl Cr mD B r 1 " 011 i S and therefore would not supply the children . „ ar . e „ « rn 5 I i le3S 611 U P , t W ' h ° ,1V f, not b 'i' ,es i I j tore there ,s a special call on us to contribute ! to this want. Then as the wants of this I colony have been particularly referred to, no doubt there are thousands upon thousands here ; Jf P 0sse3sl °n of bibles, and i h r is " 1 ?~ u l d »<*™<rf»f.tbcyj of the te^L^L^^i^Stf'M"? Jubilee contribution that provision shall be made for sending messengers into the different districts to supply this want, I call on you to aid; you are more especially looked to to do what you can for your own immediate neighbourhood to further this important, and, I may say, this noble object. I need say no more than direct attention to those about you, and request you to be as liberal as possible to those who thus call for your aid. (Applause). The audience then united in singing the doxology " Praise God from whom all blessings flow," when the proceedings terminated. The collection, amounting to £66 0s. Od., including donations from his Excellency £s Colonel Last £1, Lieut. Lochner £l, John Dunn, Esq- £5, &c.; &c.; 