COACH ACCIDENTS.-PUBLIC MEETING AT BATHURST. (Ji'rom the Jiathurst Free Press.) In accordance with tho advertisement in inst Saturday's f'ttt Pre» ft publio mooting of tho in. habitants of Bntliurst toole placo in tho Court llouso on Tuesday evening Inst, to discuss tho necessity of an alteration iii tho prosont modo of carrying the mails, and to givo aomo expression of public feeling iu roferenoo to tho frequency, of severo and occasionally fatal accidenta from tho upsetting of coaches. For tho information of our country rendors it inny.be nocossnry to explain that stimulated by tho recent melancholy death of Mr. Thomns Fitzpatrick to tho prosecution of certain enquiries, many- shrowd and sotisiblo men arrived at tho oonolusion that mail contracts as now conducted becomo a palpable monopoly, productivo of nortons evils, and that tho system was capable nf jjrent improvement. Hence tho meeting. By 8 o'clock from .100 to -100 persons, comprising n'considerable intermixture ol', thc ru spcutJiblo and iulluuiitlal portion of tho community, lind assembled together, mid . tho proceedings opened hy the election of (J. 1'*. Wise, Esq., i.V., to tho chair. Mr. AViso brierly advcrlod to thc object of tho mooting'and tho numerous accidents, which under tho proucnt system, appenred to render ti reform indispensably necessary, in order, if possible, lo prevent thoir recurrence. Ho concluded by calling upon Mr. fi. Samuel, J.I'., to moro tho tir»t resolution. Mr. Samuel said ho roso to niovo tho tirst rosoiution. Tho fatal accident whioli lind lately sont a yoting man to a premature grave, following lu tho wake of so many others of u Bimilnr elm. rnutcr, painfully improsaod him with.the desirable- ness of Borne important cha nt'o in tlie modo of managing and carrying out tho mud contracts, flint tho system in itself ' wns destructivo to human lifo ho thought no mau couvorBarit with tho pnst history of the internal communication of these districts could doubt. . lt was the duty of I a good government to próvido for tho safoty of the persons ns woll ns tho property of tho people, whoso affaira it administered. Bow abominably this duty had boen noglccted in tho prcsont in stnnco by suffering ono of tho most dnngorous Íioints in' tho mountains to romnlii unfoncod nnd nsecuro ivas but too fearfully palpable. In fact hy its neglect tho government was unquestionably aiding in tho destruction of human lifo. The mail, in his opinion, ought not to onrryjpnssongors, and tho longer und moro closely bo uunsldercd tho subject tho stronger boc.imo his conviction on this point. Tho Humorous evils in tho simpo ot' acci- dents, loss of lifo, irregularity in tho nrrivul of tho mulls required coinpolltlon for their removal ; hut so lung nu tho .contractor was allowed to carry piiasungcrH, competition was simply an impossi- bility. Uenoo tho mulls mid passenger tradio bu onmo nu absoluto monopoly, mid tho public wcro tho losers and tho suflerors. Thu repented acci- dents which lind taken plaoo within tho last few years woro onloulntod to dp, tho district n serious injury, by doiorring pooplo from visiting it. A. caso had como to his knowledge in which a party loaving Bathurst for Sydney paid an' enormous price for a horse lather than subject his nook to tho jeopardy of n journey by tho mull coach, lu dealing with this quostion ho did not intend to re- flect upon Individuals-ho raised hi* volco against tho iiilsttororninont willoh hail connived ut n me- thod of internal communication which wns n dis* grnco to the country nnd tho tige. Thousands of pounds lind boen voted nway lu expediting our In- tercourse with tho mother country, whilst literally nothing had been dono to quicken thu communi- cation with tho interior; Thia was 'a question of deep interest to tho community nt largo, hyilnny depended for its vory existence upon tho interior, mid nothing would tomi so directly and in equal dogrcu to ¡n onioto and Improve tho in(creoniso of these colonies with Knulaiiu mill foreign countries us a remo vu I of tho dilllouUi«s in tho way of Inter- nal oomimiiilcntion. Ho rupentod that ho objected tulha carringa of pnssougols by tho mail. Tho system usually pursued nbbut tho tiuiu of tendering for tho coiilruoto wau, fur tin co or four pomona to put their boalla tugotlict'mid work tho matter to ihoirown individual advantage, l'ubllo Interests woro never thought of, public convonionoo;wasnot considered nt alH Tlio thing resolved itself into a monopoly mid n job, ut tho expense of tho country. Ono argument used in ilcfcnuo of tho present sys- tem was. that tho piitiaoiigoru'woro a protection to tho mail, but in his way of thinking tho 'govern- ment bad no right to expect cervices for which lt did not pay. Tho polioo wai tbb natural protec- tion lu auoli cases« aüd Uio people, who iud to pay for it would never grudge the additional coil entailed« in, securing for themselves tho blessing! bf « regulär and speedy correspondence with the Metrópoli*.' Mr. Samuel conoludod by reading the subjoined resolution. ' Tbl« meeting ls or opinion I lui I Die present moue o' ronUucllng thc malta- namely, by pcrmlttlnic passenger Irafllo to be connected thinwllu. Is Injurious to.tho ruibllo intercuts nntl lwnirdou«, and lias boon destructive o liuinnn life; ami therefore earnestly recommend, that tn future iniiU contractors pliait be debarred from enrry lue; passengers. Mr. Treas seconded tho resolution, . Mr. Heathorn, J. P., did not intend moving on amendment to thc resolution just read, but would suggest that it might bo advantageously nteditlcd. lu his opinion it waa not so much that tho system wns lind, as that it was badly carried out. The speaker hero gavo a littlo of his personal experi- ence, and related how on a dark night, without lights, on somo fonnor occasion, the coachman of tho upward mail drovo ncok or nothing down Imp .tono Hill, to the imminent danger of every travel- ler's bodily safety, and. to ids individual discom- posure. Had horses, bad harness, indescribable coaches, reckless drivers, and miserable roads, formed o sum total which was capadlo of improve- ment. Hut tho government was riot to biomo in tho matter. Why, ho would ask, did they not fovorn theihsclvoM, repair their own roads, »nd rcniovo other obstacles to secure a rapid transit between Bathurst and thu metropolis. Mr. Samuel replied, remarking that in tho pro font system bconmo a virtual monopoly in tho hands of the contractor, it must be, and evidently W.1B. opposed to tho interests of tho public. His coltishness was called into operation, and a much greater anxiety was manifested about tho pan. songor ; department, pecuniarily speaking, than about tho punctual arrival of tho maila (hear, hoar). Nows had just arrived, that instead of daily coinniuiiiu.ition, tboy wero to bo favoured iii future with a mail evory sccotid day (disapproval). Our g'dd was sending us in tho « rouir direction. ! Instead or advancing we woro rcirograuinjr vuiy think of 10,000 mile» of oeenïi trav.rsoJ in 60 Uaya, wliilsl an inland road to ono of tho loading towns of tito colon)', of 120 milos in length, required two days' travel for tho most important nows ! Purely they would not alt down quietly with suoh trcatmont. Ho was not disposed to fawn upon or piny tho syoopimut to Government, and was ever ready to raiso hi« voice in complaint or remonstrance, whon ho /bit his own and the general wolfaro nt stake (approval). Ile must »cain stato that the dangerous pass nt Mount Victoria ondit long sinco to liavo neon folioed in, and that niter so dreadful a reminder of its duty an vns affuritod in thu oas J < f Mr. Fitzpatrick, the Ci o vorn men t would bo fnirly responsible for any tuturi) dun tbs or accidenta which might hap- pen under eimilar circumstances. (Hear, hear.) After a fow roinarku from Mr. Uenthorn'and a desultory conversation,, a verbal altera lion was agreed upon. Mr. Hoyles wished to say a few words before tho resolution was formally put. Tho conduct of tho innils had latterly boen HO gross, tbot a man might almost with equal safety trust himself before a bullet ns his lifo in ono of tho conches. Thu cou tractors appeared not to caro a fig for tho convonifiico or tho comfort of their passengers, once the fares weio pocketed. ? Tno sacredness of human lifo wns a faruo, it would appoar, in their estimation. People woro huddled into a non- descript vehicle dignified by tho Darno of n coach drawn hy linlf.itnrvod, jadod horses, and driven by headlong, rcoklcss drivers. Serious accidents wcro almost of weekly occurrence, and death was not unfrcquent, both which might with a little care bc avoided. Tho Government was bound in his opinion to sccuro us from accidents ns far na possiblo, amt ns it formed no part of tho duty of mail contractors ta repair roads or fenco tn de- clivities or dangerous pasaos, it was clonr that in . too many casus that duty was completely neg- lected, stomo remedy was imperatively required to meet tho imperfection of tho present system. Ile had no personal ill-feeling towards the mail conch proprietors, and was ready to admit that Mr. Itotton's portion of the contract had been as well performed as under tho circumstances could be well expected. Hut from l'enrith to Hartley tho mismanagement was abominable and called for public interference. Tho conduot of tho drivers was some times outrageous-yen, even smB^c^iteifSeor'-"''-">'".«.«««« Tho resolution was then put to tho meeting and carried unanimously. Mr. Cutoliffo snfd, in rising to propose the 2nd resolution, that it gave liim n melancholy nlca snro to seo around him so many of tho inhabi- tants, although nt 7 o'clock, the time nt which tho mooting waa called BO few were present that ho had fears for tho reputation of Bathurst. However, such nn assemblage gave evidence of tho unanimous aympnthy which thoy nil folt at tho mournful occasion which lind brought them together, »nd that tiley alt regretted tho unlimoly olid of ono who was so universally . respected and boloved by nil his foilow-townsmoti, and although ho (Mr. C.) lind not personally any ac- quaintance with bim, yet respect and good opin- ion waa universal, and though now absent in tho body ho might by aomo to us unintelligible mearii-, bo cognizant of tho proceedings ot his friends nt this moment, but bo that ns it may, it must bo n consolation to bis surviving friends-to know of tho determination of this meeting to take ??tops immediately for tho purpose of thoroughly investigating tho cause of tho late mishap. Mr. O. denounced in very strong terms tho present mode of convoying tho malls, instanced tho caso which occurred about four months ago at Penrith, of tho mail upsetting vritli ll) passengers inside, and also tho accident ot thc time of the last (¿un rt er Sessions, when a clergyman's spine was vary inuoh injured ; nt tho sanio timo ho agreed willi iMr. Uoyloa in thinking that tho portion of mad horsed by Mr. ltotton.deserved pruiso, whilst tho IIOI SL'3 or rather ghosts ol'homos employed on tho other parts were ii disgrace to tnoso who worked thom. Ile earnestly urged upon tho meeting tho neoossity of notion, and hoped that they would not, na he regretted to any, too fro quontly happened in Bntburat, content themselves with giving vont to tlioir fcoliugs in speochos and I appointments of a Committee, but push tho matter forward lu ¡III issue. Ho concluded by trusting that tho Committee whom ho wits nhout tn proposo would bon sufficient guarantee of o-tortloii. The resolution proposed was That tho folio-ring gentlemen bc appointed a Com- mittee to franjo a Memorial to tba Ctovornmeut recom- mending that the uUJuot« of thu prevloun resolution be eurrled out :-.Messrs. Ijniuuel, Syer, Heathorn, "tVioo, ClorUon, Farrand, CutuUflc. Mr. Wadeson- seconded tho motion, mid in doing so, remarked that ho perfectly coiuoidod with tho vio wa of tho previous speakers. Carriod ticni cou. Mr. Gordon ; Although perhaps a Httlo out ol ci ilor. ho desired to nialto a remark or two upon o question in ivhioh all woro interested. Ho per- fectly concurred in tho necessity of a reform in tho uiodo of conducting tho rn xi I», hut was de- cidedly of- opinion thut tho present movement would bo utterly unsuccessful. The contracts for tho unslung your lind already buen entered into, nod could not tie set aside. Mr. Heathorn hail just told tho meeting that Governmout wero not CO binnie for thc irregularity and tho numerous nccldonU attending tho miuingcment of tho mails. For twulvo yon rs ho lind boen a rcsidont of tho colony, mid lind not been nn inattentive observer of passing live li ts, and tho conclusion ot which ho hail arrived was, thu t'a moro Inefficient Govern- ment than wo woro cursed with could not well bo iitiiigliii'd. Unthurst was a very important distict, lind contributed n largo share towards tho genoi'.il levenuo. But how much, ho would ask, lind this most blameless of nil Governments contributed to ! its prosperity ? Our gold police, which had very littJo to do,.cost, £4U,ot)(). , Tho ordinary polico woro supported nt an uxponsp, and its nclivo cer- vices wero almost confined tu tho occasional np firohonsiou of ndrtinkon old womnn. Air. Gordon icro instituted a comparison botwoon tho number of police maintained in Untburst, as compared with Ita population..mid tho complomontemployed in his native city of Montrose, showing that whilst tho poaco, was kopt and lifonnd property protected by ono jiollcciunii to six hundred souls nt tho latter, placo, hero wo required ono mid a quarter con- stable to slxty-flvo souls. Suroly wo must bo n very bad lot (laughter). Again, a rovenuo of iauO.UOU was raised from, spirits. ' Tho people wero tims permitted by law to get drunk, und Wero lifterwiirds punished for drunkenness. Bomo tlilni: rather,absurd in, this. Anti now for the publie roads,. What wa« oxpondad upon them t Thu mngnillcciit sum of £10,UDO ! Tho ohiilriniii hero roso nr.d called Mr; Gor- don's attention tu tho object of tho mcoting, which bo said had lieon culled in conscquonoo of thu iiiitiiarous coach nouidents, and with a viow of ascertaining whothor something could not bu dono to prevent their reetitrenne.? : Mr. Ourdou rend_tlio following motion Tlint this meeting consider that tho Oorornor-Oencrn' and lil« Exocutlvu l.'ouuull, tn nrglcotiiig to sro that tbs public ronds of tile loluijy aro kept lu a fu-upar tinto nf repair, sn as to fiiclllutti fnv, nufr, and easy communion lion to nod fro'tintwcvii < flin inclropolln and tko moro denssly peopled parts oftha Interior, nugleot ono of tba 'm.i-tliapovtaiit futi3tlou.<ofgco<l|tavKtumcnt, and aro tburaftuu not nuly highly censurable, but aro altouotbur unworthy tho confidence or reftpvet nf timi community i Tor wliosa, boacllt Ihr», are tupnoioil ta holli tliclf sHua Mr. Samuol pointed out tho necessity of unani , mi ty, which ho felt con vinead could nothosocurod If Mr. Cordon'nroased bi» moUpn.¡í Thé'raectini had » «prellia objaot In-Tiow, and a* »etiilble meii '' they wore bound to confino themaefvej- ns'flMrly'aa pnssibjo to its consideration. When i ho believed the Governim-nt wrong ho would openly ozpress his disapproval, but ho was not prepared to go the length of a sweeping denunciation. When con t rn st ed «Ith other colonial gorcrnmonta oura ocr tninly appeared respectable. lin concluded hy expressing a hopo that Mr. Gordon would with- draw his amendment. Mr. Gordon replied, nnd expressed his deter- mination to abide by tho deoinion of tho meeting. Ho felt strongly upon tho cnac, because ho bolierod that human lifo was sacrificed, human limbs im- perilled, nnd tho prosperity of tho district retarded by bad government. Mr. 1'arkcr was of opinion that if n voto of con sure, such ns was embodied in Mr. (Jordon's reso- lution, was passed upon the Govcrnmont, lt would have tho effect of stirring it up against us, and tho meeting instead of boncfltting ua would do us an injury. Tho first resolution embraced what was necessary, nnd to go further would bo to com- mit ourselves. Taken aa a whole, our Government worked well, duo allowance being mado for human imperfections. Mr. Heathorn waa awaro of tho arduous'task which ii government undertook which lind thu control of auch vast and such varied intercuts as wero comprised in a country like this, and to con- vince tliosu who wero endlessly carping mid fault finding of tho faot, bo would like for a short time to seo thom invested with the troubles and respon- sibilities of government. After aomo further discussion tho motion waa withdrawn. Tho business of tho mcotfng being concluded Mr.. Heathorn was voted into the ouair, and a voto of thanks carried by acclamation to Afr. Wise who briefly expressed bis acknowledgments. 