REFLECTIONS ON THE LATE ELECTION FOR THE CITY. ( From the Ooulburn Herald .) " What the bright reward we gain ? \- The grateful memory of the good." The late election of Mr. Thurlow in room of Mr. Lamb, is signi ficant of a great change taking place in the Tie we and principles of 1 the eleetors. in (is tar as the M ultimate ends'' of legislation are con cerned. In former yars, the franchised of the Metropolis were kttisfied with tbe.deolaTed sentiments of their representative, never considering whether those sentiments would afterwards be aoted upon by their patriotic authors. Now, however, the people have . chosen a roan, who, we believe, has with ooDsistency, for years advocated liberal principles, not because these principles were stated in addresses and speeches, but because he who entertained them had given ample evidence of his having aoted upon them during the past. The electors of Sydney bve ascended rather higher than usua', on the ground of their freedom, and from their ascent, little as it is, will lead the Government to see, that it is wise in time to aot liberally, before the people arise in their might and compel such action. It is not at all surprising that the Govern ment and its supporters in Council, should have done very much according to their own pleasure, when they saw the. people disre garding their movements, and apparently indifferent whether they legislated well or badly, whether their enactments favoured or destroyed freedom. As far as any interference from without being hrought to bear on the government and legislature, to intimate a spirit of opposition, or manifest a spirit of objection to either pro posed or passing enactments, there has scarcely been any such, at least so isolated and apathetic, that no notice was taken of it. If then the public mind is awakened at last, when the' evil works nod irritate?, the ground on which loud and genuine complaints are made, bus been left open for the enemy, by those who ought to have defended it in time, and as might be expected the enemy has taken possession. The people have neglected their duty, they have liem Bleeping soundly, when circumstances warned them to be very wa'ohful. It iB natural for men iirpower to enlarge if they can, and thus entrench themselves behind a wall of brass, difficult to be scaled, or preached, by the unfortunate multitudes wicnout. wno are oppressed and annoyed by the ceaseless attacks upon their rights from within. The position of the authorities both executive and legislative in the colony is very strong ; that is, they have been 'permitted, by the people labouring to all appearance under the in fluence. of a political- enchantment, to play the game in their own way and with their own cards— and if they have not turned up the trump cards at every legislative deal, we leave the public— if their eyes have begun to open yet— to judge. JSvery free people are supposed to have a government, whose acts are to be rigidly aocounted for to them, through their repre sentatives. A good government, in whose hands the liberties of its subjects are safe, and under whose regimen the ghost of tyranny dare not appear, is never found ; in fact does not, cannot exist, .save under the representative system, and the vigilant surveillance of the people who have entrusted their freedom to those in whom they have confidence, as honest, principled, honourable and patriotic mea. Government, in free countries exists in the voice of the people, this is the. breath of its nostrils, and when tbat potent voice is wisely and prudently and judiciously heard, and when extreme circumstances demand its determined utterance in the ears of legislators to pause, to change their course, to modify their measures,, to repeal their erroneous decisions, this voice is never raised in vain, and tyranny and injustice slink away abashed and terrified. (> The whole difference between a good and a .bad government appears to us to consist in this particular, viz. : in the greater or the less facility it affords for the early, the gradual and. and steady operation of the substantial power of the community upon its coustitiited authorities ; while the freedom, again, and ultimate happiness 6f the nation depend on the degree in whioh the substantial power is possessed by a greater or a smaller, and a snore or less moral aud instructed part of the whole society. The great point is to ensure a free, an authoritative, and an uniir terrupied communication between the ostensible administrators of the national power, and its aotnal constituents and depositories ; and the chief distinction between a good and a bad government; consists in the degree in whioh it affords the means of such a communication. But wc do not hesitate to consider a repre sentative legislature' as incomparably of more value when it truly enables the efficient force of the nation to control and direct the .executive, than when it merely enacts wholesome statutes in its legislative capacity." The great fault of our community has been, to overlook and neglect the immense power in their own hands to secure good government for themselves. They have only occasionally exercised it, and when they did, they actually trampled the Opposition against them in the dust, though that opposition locked forth upon them from the high places of Imperial support. The sonl of the re- presentatiye system Beems to be returning again, if we may judge from the late election of a member for Sydney. Whether the electors chose the best man, is not the question— the question ip, have they acted on the power which is theii's inherently, as free subjects, disposed and resolved, with or without the concurrence of their representatives, to control and direct those movements which tend to injure and jeopardize the general welfare. We are inolined to think that such a healthful state is at hand, and tbat in spite of opposition, the body politic will be more anxious and care ful about its .own prosperity. The country will not derive the benefit of its representative institutions, trifling as they yet are, unless it advocates legitimately its own rights— it is wise to trust v in the good sense of our legislators, bat it is wiser still to trust more to our own good sense. The former may go wrong from various causes, — the business of the latter is to arrest their progress to evil, by a decided annonnoement from the people, we will not have it, we will not stiffs r you to pnrsne such a course. If a pro per control had been exercised, the oouncil would not have dared to carry out the measures, whioh are this moment producing mischief and rebellion in the land. We have the effect of our carelessness illustrated in a series of wretched displays of authority, hacked tip by troopers and a few soldiers 'at the Turon. This would not have ocoured if our legislators, as in Britain, had been taught the wholesome lesson, that' their duty was and is to consult the public mind more than their own prejudices and partialities. But the public mind has given out no expression, and thus are so many unfortunate people fined and imprisoned, or driven from their pursuits of industry and profit: Are we. a ffee people ? Have we a real and distinct idea of what constitutes freedom ? The answer will be in the affirmative. Yet our past conduct indicates pretty olearly that we have been negligent, and bo hav9 suffered our actual liberties to be in a fair way of being plundered, by those who have the particular purposes of grasping and greedy individuals to subserve. Now is the time to nip the bud, in which is enfolded the germ of an aspiring oligarchy ; and under the feet of a popular demonstration to crush that patrician arrogance, which would oppress the high and' noble spirit of our British plebeianism. ' 