THE ROYAL- PREROGATIVE. THE recent debate on the Convicts Pre- vention Act was not more important, for what it directly achieved, than for what it indirectly involved. The occasion was a crisis in our history, which tested the stamina of the Council, and allowed it to exhibit itself in a character of dignity and independence worthy the representative legislature of a free people. The position assumed and triumphantly maintained on that occasion is memorable in this respect, that it is probably the first instance since the revolt of the American colonies, of the re-enactment on the part of colonial legislature of a law involving questions of prerogative, which had been disallowed by the Imperial Government. Though actuated by social, and not by political motives, the step taken was not the less indicative of progressive political tendencies. Willingly or unwillingly, the Council, and with it the country, has advanced to a position from which it cannot retreat, and in the maintenance of which it must achieve still greater victories. The collision between England and Ame- rica, in consequence of the famous Stamp Act, seemed at first an unimportant affair, but it involved great principles, and was fruitful of the most mighty consequences. So, in this instance, a contest in itself of passing interest and (as may be hoped) of temporary importance, has already pro- duced a collision between the prerogative of the Crown and the right of the Council, and consequently becomes a contest for supremacy between those two powers. Nor was this left to be a mere logical inference. It was clearly discerned and boldly proclaimed by the leaders of the opposition. The re-enactment of the old Bill transformed it into a Bill of Right, and the decision which secured this amounted to a Declaration of Legislative Independence. The doctrine was openly avowed at the commencement of the de- bate, and was adopted by the Council as the basis of its proceedings, without a whisper of remonstrance from the members of the Government. The Attorney-Gene- ral said the usual things in behalf of the royal prerogative, but Dr Greeves silenced him with a quotation from old Bracton— that father of the English common law, whose "De Legibus" has been quoted in every contest with prero- gative since it was written, and which formed the Bible of political liberty in the hands of another legal patriarch—Chief Justice Coke—while advocating the Peti- tion of Right and other measures of free- dom in the days of King James. Prerogative dies hard. A singular fata- lity has always marked its career. It ad- vances its claims only to be defeated, and acquires experience only to display aug- mented folly. Virtually extinct, or exist- ing only by courtesy in England, it avenged itself by transferring its Star- Chamber habits and propensities to the colonies, where, taking advantage ot their convict character, or helpless circumstances, it established, under the name of a " colonial policy," a system of arbitrary government, which, notwithstanding its well-meaning professions, was neither more nor less than unmitigated despotism,—all the more intensely oppressive from being exercised at a distance, within a limited circle, and through the agency of incompetent of- ficers. But prerogative is giving up the ghost here, as it has done in England. It is dying by its own hand. No policy could have been more suicidal than that pursued by it on the transportation question. It was Prerogative which endeavored to thrust convicts upon indignantly protest- ing oolonists. It was Prerogative which directed the Hashemy to put Into Port Phillip in the teeth of a general remon- strance. Unchecked by the shame of that transaction, it is Prerogative which, has superciliously set aside a law which was a mere act of self-protection from wholesale robbery and murder. The Downing-street despatch is a passport to any Vandemonian bound to this colony; inasmuch as it prohibits us from employ- ing the only effective means within our reach to prevent him from coming or remaining among us. Having risked the issue of a contest with a free colony in the cause of convictism, Prerogative must abide by the result which it has provoked. Historically, that result is still pending; but, morally and politically, it is already secured. Whatever be the course it now resolves to follow, Prerogative must be the loser. If it assent to the Bill, it gives up its own claim, and leaves the field to the Council. If it refuse assent, it will inten- sify the collision, and widen the breach now existing. Were it on some other matter less immediately connected with our moral and social prosperity, wc could al- most wish the contest prolonged, by way of affording to the Council a little political discipline, thereby imparting to it a more robust character, and preparing it for struggles of a still more decisive nature. We are thorough believers in that law of " progress by antagonism," which was elu- cidated in a very clever book written a few years ago by an English nobleman. We have just had such a clear illustration of the good fruits of this antagonism as to make us desire a little more of it. We are now too far advanced to be crushed under its heal, and may therefore dare to grapple with it by self-defence, or even to court its attack, by way of advancing our own interests. It was thus that Prerogative was over- thrown in England. In its original form as exercised by the Tudors, and attempted to be exercised by the Stuarts, it is no longer exercised by the Guelphs. The Crown remains as the symbol of national unity, as the head of the Executive author- ity, and as the ornamental element of the constitution, but it now receives the power which it used to give. There is no difference between the Queen of Great Britain, and the President of the United States as to the real source and nature of their powers. Tbe preroga- tive of the Crown was formerly a synonym for absolute monarchy, and comprehended every thing that it could hold in its grasp. But the growing strength of the people has compelled royalty to relax that grasp, and to yield one prerogative after another till it exists only as an empty name, or a con- venient shelter for ministerial insolence and delinquency. The Colonial Secretary's notable argu- ment in behalf of prerogative was based on this exploded notion of its absolute charac- ter. The Council, he said, "asked the Queen to concede to the colony of Victoria what she had refused to give up to any other portion of the empire, and had not even granted to the House of Commons." So far as the prerogative of mercy is con- cerned, the House of Commons can with- draw it from the Crown at its pleasure, and has often been advised by high legal authorities to do so, notwithstanding the Shakspearian lines usually quoted like holy writ, in support of the privilege. John Bull's logic—and it seemed to be Mr. a'Beckett's the other night, — is in this style:—Jewels are necessary to Crowns; of all jewels, mercy is the brightest: ergo, the prerogative of mercy is the brightest jewel in the Crown. This syllogism originated the Duke of New- castle's despatch ; dictated the Attorney- General's Bill ; and has kept the door open for the introduction into this colony of the whole felonry of Van Diemen's Land! What, after all, is this royal prerogative of mercy but a remnant of feudal folly aad injustice? What has mercy to do with crime ? Whenever royal mercy be- comes something very different from royal justice, it is not mercy, but mischief. Judicial decisions often require to be reversed, but their reversal belongs as properly to judicial tribunals as the original sentence. The function of the Executive, and of the Crown as its head is to interfere neither with judicial de- cisions nor legislative enactments, further than to see they are faithfully carried out. And if this be the only legitimate function of the Crown, it must be the only legitimate function of such representatives of the Crown as our Lieutenant-Governor and the Executive of Victoria. The busi- ness of the Council is to make laws for the colony, and the business of the Go- vernor and his officers is to execute them. 