LOCAL. GRAY versus MACDOUGALL.-A carefully collated abstract of the arguments of counsel in this case, with the judgment of the Court, will bo given to-morrow, in order to lay the various points of the issue, the first of that character attempted to be raised, before the profession and the public. AGRICULTURAL FARMS.-Mr. T. Y. Lowes offered two excellent agricultural farms for sale this day, at the Exchange Mart. Lot 1, comprising about 420 acres of rich arable land, in the occupation of Mr. John Pierce, being a portion of the Compton Estate, near Austin's Feny, about 200 acres of which are in cultivation, with the homestead, was sold to Mr. Robb for £1900. Lot 2, 420 acres adjoining the above, fronting on the Brighton road, with homestead complete, and 150 acres of the whole in cultivation, was bought for £2200 by Mr. Dawes. DEATH FROM POISON.-On Wednesday last, the 23rd instant, an inquest was held at the shepherd's cottage, on the estate of Mr. Sinclair, between Avoca and Fingal, before Marcus Aitkin, Esq., and a respectable jury, touching the death of Mary Allen, wife of John Allen, a shepherd. From the evidence adduced, it appeared the unfortunate woman, who was about sixty years of age, during the absence of her husband on the previous Monday, had indulged freely in drink, and on his return home an altercation took place. The husband left her, but soon returned, when he ascertained his wife had taken poison. Dr. Har- rington of Campbell Town was immediately sent for, but she died the same night. Verdict-Died from the effects of poison whilst under the influence of liquor.-Examiner. POLICE DEPARTMENT.-By the absence of Mr. W. J. Dobson, who, we understand, pioceeds to England by the Roxburgh from Launceston, a vacancy has been created in the Chief Police Magistrate's office, which has been supplied by the appointment of Henry James Day, Esq. Mr. Reynolds has been appointed to fill the vacancy occasioned by the appointment of Mr. Weymouth as Chief Clerk at Launceston. CHIEF JUSTICE OP VICTORIA'.-The following official notice appears in the London*Gazette of the" 19th November.-" The Queen lins boen pleased to direct letters patent to pass under the great seal, granting the dignity of a Knight of the United Kingdom ?of Great Britain and Ireland unto William A'Bcckett, Esq., Chief Justice of the Colony of Victoria." ASSAULTS ON THE POLICE.-A young sweep named Cannon hasrecently been transported for Ufe, at London, for a murderous assault upon the constables. Tho late outrage at Bagdad reminds us of his career. It was discovered, after his committal for the offence, by the officers at Horsemongor-lane Gaol, that he had been convicted no less than twenty times for assault», chiefly on police-constables. The following is i list of some of his convictions:-Assault on police, NrfY 23, 1842, seven days or 10s. ; ditto, March 20, 1843, ten days or 20s. ; ditto, December 27,1843, 21 earn or 20s. ; ditto, January 25,1845, one calendar month; ditto, April 21,1845, one calendar month ; threaten- ing language October 24,1845, sureties for 1 month; ditto, December 1,1845, sureties for 1 month j assault on constable, September 16,1846, 1 calendar month; bastardy, August 6,1847, one month or 17s. ; assault, November 26,1847, 21 days or 20s. ; assaulting con- stables, March 7 (sessions), 1848, 12 months' hard labour and sureties for 12 months ; ditto, April l8, 1850, 30 days or 30s., ditto, July 31,1850, one calen* dar month or 50s. ; ditto, September 80, 1860, five calendar months ; ditto, March 1,1851, two calendar months; remanded for arson, May 27, 1851, dis- charged ; common drunkard, January 28,1852, sure- ties for one month. He has since bad.four months in the Wandsworth House of Correction ;. has been also previously three or four times in Kingston Gaol, and several tunes at Brixton. With such a temperament as this, the convict constables inay expect ty und no favour in his eyes ; more especially'If he ina* some of them are old hands and prison J^ujtíntaaoet of his own. ' V A«nrr4)FKC£,-26th February»1853.-Accounts for contingent expenses «nt to the Colonial Treasury for payment between the 18th of the current month and Sib date:-R. De Little, lime, -Cleburne & Co., stores. R. Shoobridge, lune. The Accountant of Stores, repayment, «c. J. Murdoch, transport. J. Scott, snrveying. J- Howard, loan of bullocks. Palirt and Grundy, sawing timber. J. S. M'Kay, Jt. Baldwin," transport. R. Fenwick, travelling expenses. Teachers in Public Day Schools, aid to Schools. W. Barnett, H. J. Emmett, E. Robson, allowance. The Postmaster-General, re-payment, &c.; M. Kennedy, witnesses' expenses. E. Ackerman, coals. A. Webster, stores. C. Smith, cartage. A. M'Cracken, travelling expenses. W. Fitzgerald, ?C. Briggs, G. New, W. Ford, cartage. H. W. Sea- brook, pine. W. Gunn, rent. E. Edwards, coals. Brown & Co., oil. W. Edwards, hire of vessel, &c.; -J. H. Nichols, a coffin. The Director of Public Works, Inspector of Schools, travelling expenses. II. J. Marsh, stores. M'Pherson & Francis, Nathan, Moses & Co., O. Tondeur, drawbacks, &c.; J. & G. Salier, J. Galway, W. S. Hall, F. Kay, stores, &c.; W. A. Bethune, J. Johnson, J. Murdoch, W. Lndds, Todd & Coram, W. Carter, provisions, &c.; W. Gunn, witnesses' expenses. J. S. Waddell, advertising, &c.; .0. Haywood, stores. The Attorney-General, travelling expenses. S. Page, transport. J. Walch & Son, .books. G. Perriman, firewood. E. Pearce, provi- sions. Williams & Collins, R. Reynolds, J. M'Waid, E. H. Butcher, W. H. Wells, J. Turvey, C. Lan- gridge, S. Lythgo, E. Johnson, N. Maning, J. Britton, W. Elwin, W. Morton, J. Smith, F.Wilcock, J. Lane K. Murray, E. Hildyard, R. C. Foster, T. Goodier, ii. Philippo, J. Hartwell, A. M. Johnson, R. Barker, A. Jackson, W. Whitely, J. Reid, W. Cooper-, J. Over nil, G. Nelms, F. Southerwood, J. Hely, J. Fulton, ¡fuel. T. and J. E. Risby, repairing boats H. Phi- lippo, C. Smith, J. Hartwell, L. Munay, water. <C. Hodges, J, Moses, T. Reilly, J. Bassett, R. M'Gufie, B. Marks, travelling expenses. G. Urch, H. Exelí, T. Paterson, R. Allen, 8. ¡scott, J. Ham brook, T. Wells, tran«port T. Ghost, R. Chick, ferryage J. Murdoch, forage. J. Tisher, D> Webb, W. Johnstone, provisions. II. Nickolls, tiavelling «xpensës. J. Britton, stores. W. Short, clothing. CAMPBELL TOWN.--Joseph Ashworth, a pass-holder about twenty-five years of age, in the employ of Mr. Robert Sutton of Campbell Town, left his master's premises in the course of Monday night week, taking with him a favourite horse, saddle, and bridle, and has not since been heard of. The man is an experi- enced horse-steeler. He has been twice transported for life for the same offence, and not more than a month ago completed a sentence at Port Arthur. MELBOURNE PROSPER» Y -In our article of Monday tinder this heading 17,000 bales are given as the export of wool from Melbourne during the past year. 1 The amount was 71,000, and tho error occuned by a transposition of the figures. MisuELLAtiFA.-The Christian Herald, a new pub- lication, "conducted by a committee of the Synod of Australia, in connection with the Church of Scotland," has made its appearance.-According to a state- ment in the New York Musical Herald, Barnura's share of the proceeds of Jennv Lind's concerts was 308,000 dollars : Jenny's 302,000.-Dalton and Kelly have been fully committed to take their trial for the murder of Constable Buckmaster.-A horse has been stolen from the paddock of the Poundkeeper at the Cocked Hat.-A branch establishment of the Australian Joint Stock Bank is to be established at Goulbourn.-This morning (says yestciday's Ena miner) a woman named Margaret Woodward, who had been locked up during the night for being drunk, was found dead, probably fruin suffocation, being found in a sitting posture in the corner of the cell, with her head bent down on one side. Four other women were confined in the same cell, but it appears that they were all too drunk to notice the melancholy circumstance. On Saturday a peison named George Shackles, a steerage passenger by the Yarra Yarra fiom Mel- bourne, was conveyed in a cab from the steamer to the Colonial Hospital, in a state of delirium tremens. A few pounds had been subscribed for him amongst his fellow passengers.-A new Yoik paper says that the late Robert C. Sand sued for damages in a case of breach of piomhe of marriage. He was offered two hundred dollars to heal his broken heart. ?"Two hundred!" he exclaimed; "two hundred dolíais for ruined hopes-a blasted life ! Two hun- dred dollars for all this 1 No, never mind 1 make it three, and it's a bargain." 