UNITED STATES. THE SCHOOti QUESTION IN CINCINATTI. The Most Kev. Archbishop Puvcoll has pub lished in the (Juilwlic Tdctjrapli the following important address : — ' To Jioman Galkolics and all whom it may concern. ' On the eve of the anniversary of the great day when the Son of Gotl was accused by false wit nesses, ami conciemneu to cue uy an overwnemung majority, I think it my duty to direct your atten tion to the resemblance between Him and His Church in this country, and wherever she is con strained, in her advocacy of truth and justice, to come into collision with the prejudices if. the multitude. Because we have dared to petition for our rights, we have been accused of treason against the republic. Because we have asked for our share of tbe school fund, we have been charged with a conspiracy to put down the common schools. And because we contend for the sacred rights of parents to select teachers for their chil dren, uncontrolled by the despotic interference of the state, we are said to be the enemies of free dom ! ; ... 'When blood was to be shed by Priests and 'people in the wars of the republic, it freely flowed from Catholic views. When money was demanded to 'educate the citizens of the republic, it w;s gsnerously given by our Catholic brethren. WJ.cn votes were to be cast ;;t the ba!lot-!;ox, in obm'.ience to the behests of tho party, wo stopped rut to inquire to wiiut denom nation the candi date belonged, but, with brow erect and elastic tread, wo marched to the poll and voted for the nominee of the Convention. ♦ ' But when we demanded our constitutional rights from the state or the political party, we were told that, as Catholics, we had no rights ; that this is a Protestant country — and the question is asked shall ♦ Romans' or American hold dominion in these United States? — ju.st as the Jews said in order to compass tho death of Jesus Christ — ' If we let Him alone the Romans will come and take our place and nation.' — (John x., 4-8.) In the unjust condemnation of Christ the majority perverted by false teachers voted against Him. Many of those who shared so largely in' his benefits denied Him, or fled from Him in tho hour of His ' temptation.' And one of his Most favoured betrayed Him. So fares, it t-- day with His Church. The people perverted by teachers, like the Scribes and Pharisees of old, are against her. She is deserted by the timid and vacillating, who, though they believe in hev .Di vinity, are afraid of coming into trouble if they stand by her in her trial ; and there is not wanting a Judas to start o-r to- patronise a paper ti- oppose. her Prelates and their devoted and unpur chaseable adherents. Another of her adversaries less guilty, because he has never tasted of the Heavenly gift, nor been enlightened by the Holy Ghost — (He'b. vi., 4) — has had a silver pitcher presented to him, filled with electric ingredients, composed for the Catholics, which we shall not take time to describe, but deadly as those of the bitter chalice pressed to the Saviour's lips in the Garden of Olives. Thus is the parallel complete between Christ and the Church, so that ' they w.ho- run may read,1 and they alone cannot who will not discover the resemblance between the ' Master' and the Disciple. ' Had Catholics not duties to fulfil the rights to assert, as well as a Saviour to imitate and adore, they might meekly bow, as they have teen, doing so long, to the world's injustice, and leave to God alone the redress of their wrongs. And we know not but this is what they should do if they hated their oppressors. But it seems to be the will of God to grant to those oppressors time to do penance ; and therefore do we, not, in anger but in charity, remind them of what we have clone for our common country, and appeal from their prejudices and passions to their reasons and their sense of justice for our rights. If they heed not our demands, God will be our avenger : UlllX blJU VUVIWOIVII ISA \SJiV; llUJll/ZrillKLL-lVil tYIJl ' UU but the signal for the successive extermination ( f every other, but the one that shall have succeeded in establishing a church-and-state despotism, which, will extinguish the last spark of freedom in the heart's blood of the last asserter of the. rights of an American citizen. ' If, then, we can obtain from the men who clamour so idly and so loud about the opposition of the Catholics to the common schools, one hour of oatient and impartial listening, we shall state . j, — i ? — . o ------ to them a few facts which they shall be inexcusa ble for denying. ' .1 st. That we are not the enemies of common schools. ' ? ' 2nd. That we shall cheerfully pay our full proportion of the taxes for ther support. ' 3rd. That we are so sincerely attached to the system and so fond of enlightment, that we desire to be made partakers in his benefits. ' 4th. That we detest and loathe all hyprocrisjv and that we cannot believe that they are the friends, of education who wring from us our money to build and endow the misnamed common schools, which are not common to our children, on the same condition as to the children of other citizens. ? '5th. That we regard it as hypocritical to invite us to those schools, and to meet us at the door with what we conscientiously believe to be a. mutilated and spurious edition of the Scriptures, vantages of those schools unless we acknowledge that to be an authentic and complete record of the; Word of God. ' Oth. That it is no less hypocritfcal to say that we seek to make the common schools sectarian, when it is notorious that this sectarian Bible is the only one tolerated in them ; when the teacher* are all, with hardly an exception, sectarian ; when the histories and geographies, and other school uooKS, nave neen composed by- sectarians, ana contain so much that is false, and therefore hurt ful to the minds and offensive to the feelings of Catholics. When common school teachers, like those of Chillicothe, publish over their own pro per names an invitation to tract .mongers and coldortuws to bring all manner of tracts to their schools,- no mutter, we presume, i{ow gross, false, insulting, and indelicate, and that they will, it* they see fit, place them in the ''hands of their scholars; when the school libraries teem with misrepresentations of Catholic history, 'doctrines and practices ; when a lady teacher answers the adpeul of a little boy from the taunts of his young school-mates, that 'the Catholic religion -is vory bad to be sure, but that he must belong to it, as it is the religion of his father.' Thus is tliff clause of the constitution forbidding sectarianism in the common schools a rope of sand, for Protes tants, -bbt a chain of iron for the bodies and souls of Catholics. U7th. That Prater tauts, and especially Presby te.tians, rs can be seen by referencD to authentic documents published in tho lest wcekl/ issue of this paper, have said more against the common schools, as they arc now conducted, than Catho lics have ever* cared to- say, and that therefore 'our enemies being judges,' they have been ^weighed in the balance and found wanting.' .Let,; then,:iithe- bigots spare their powder., ink, and lurigs,T.when they glorify their, success at a miini-* .-:ipal election, iu which the rights of their Catholic fellow-citizens, the arguments of Protestants', arid1 the letter and spirit of the constitutioriV are' alike; trampled in thejdust.. Wlien we'go to 'the!ipolls, ?sve seek rather to be as. right ?.?with the minority as Christ Avas, than wrong with: the ! majority; and when they shout for victory, we cleave witlia hosier and firmer attachment tavtruth. '?'',;] ' ' ?: ? ' 8th.- That we honestly conceive 'at '£o ' be fl sham* for the government of -. the '- free ' and enlightened state of Ohio to refuse, us what the ; intolerant government of Great Britain iis cpn isirained to grunt at home and in her colonies to; Catholics ; and what ' despotic' Austria, grants to Protestants and Jews— their own . teachers , and ; .schools. ' -.'? ?????? ;. ; :: ' \'h-:' ? ';V'! ' It is, therefore, high time for Cath'qlics.ch'iefljv but not for them alone, but for all who : have at lieart the perpetuity of our. free institutions, to do all that they lawfully may to oppose an' irresistable ?barrier to the despotism now sought to be exercised over our dearest rights and interests' 'through -the common -schools, It is but a day or two since an .attempt -was made toa3 force a law through the Ohio legislature, to compel parents and guardians under a penalty of 20 dols. for every offence, ; to send thair children and wards for three months in every year to one -of the common schools. Is there a parent in this community who would ferl |jhat the name of an American citizen was what our porous constitution intends that it should be, «r that life was any longer a boon, after he- had t-een compelled to submit to a law so manifestly uncalled for, unjust, and degrading ? For/ our selves we can only say, as guardians ,of .some three hundred orphans, that we pi-ay God to permit that vnr life ba trampled out by a mob in the streets .«f the Queen City, before we obey it, 'if i:t 'be' ever sought to 'be enforced. But we have not yet 4one with our objections, to the common schools as now conducted. We all feel that im morality is spreading with fearful rapidity through our country. One of our leading political journals* stated, last week, the number of public and avowed syrens of this c'ityj daily and nightly alluring citizens and strangers to sensual indul gence,' exceeds two thousand! And is this a time to remove the wholesome restraints that morality and decency have hitherto sought to oppose to the promiscuous intercourse of the sexes 1 *' We leave to the Rev. Mr. Fisher, who gave -£o our young men such salutary advice on the intemperance, and to the Rev. Mr. Bushnell, city ? Missionary, both. Protestants, to say if this state ment be or be nq$ an exaggeration ; but we repeat as this a time to crowd boys and girls into the same class, or recitation rooms, as is now done in our newly-built High Schools, and recommend this unrestricted, intercourse, for introduction into all our common schools, for its purifying influence on the morals of youth ? Are the youth of our common schools, collected as they are from all the walks of life, and every department of society, so immaculate as to be lit associates for the pure and virtuous, and to expose them to no danger of con tamination irom sucu close ioiiowsmp ; lias tue experience of the -mayor and police of our city, and the directors of our. House of Refuge, con vinced them that the gaols and prisons are. recruited only from those yonths who have, been deprived of the benefits of the common schools ? ' We Catholics have been long of the , opinion that education, to be efficient, must be rnot .only Abased upon religion, but interwoven with it in all its minutes, details, and incidents. We have not therefore, waited for the halting (steps of justice to awaken the consciousness of our fellow-citizens and the school board to our just, demands. We have ourselves applied the .remedy, or rather anti dote. Our schools, thank God, are in the full tide of successful operation. In every city and ?county congregation, with very few exceptions, ?we have our own, our Catholic schools, .both male and female. And one' of the chief pleasures of «ur Episcopacy, which has had and still has its solicitudes, consists in the general response given ?to our callby our flock, but especially the German portion thereof, for the last twenty years, in pro viding for the education of our children. They have built schoolhouses, selected teachers, and spared no expense to impart such an education to our youth as the circumstances of the country, imperiously require. In the contemplation. of the good done by these schools we have disregarded the expense,' as our inble-hmrted people made the sacrifice so generously for . conscience salje. If they now demand their share of the school fund, ? in proportion to the number of their ?children, or the amount of their tax bill, they,, exercise, but ?the right of every freeman. And if they value their , privileges as American .citizens, they will \- JlSSOl't thfilTJ in tllfi w;l.v vwmitArl 'tint lnr..tlin rnn Rtitution, in the selection of candidates who will .??fairly .represent. .the. -wishes and requirements of their constituents in the hall's of legislation, the (pouncil chamber, and the school board. .Surely.! it is;m-t,our aim to detach .them from the political ..parties to. , which they ? conscientiously ' attached r pUemsdres,,,, J3ut if those parties value' tlieij; ? sup-, .port, and deserve to receive it, they will pledge 'themselves to redress the grievances of which they ?so justly complain. Arid if they refuse to do so, they cannot complain if Catholics are equally independent and refuse. their suffrages. .We.ask for what is right ; we 'shall n,ot, if we can help/it,' submit to what is 'wrong. ' '.,' ' ' ; 1': -'? '' : ;^Vlk-r our; part, we are aware of the obloquy to which- we expose 'ourselves for daring to give utterance to these sentiments. It. wiU not, .have been, the first time. AVc remember well how men who ; lauded the noble 'attitude of a. Luther, in theDie't' of WormSy. baited us when we . ' stood alone' in the old Presbyterian meeting-house on Pourthrstreet, many years ago, contending, as , we no\yt do, .for the rights* of Catholics. We may— no . doubt -we shall — be again' disappointed, if :we ? think ? that Protestantism,, when beaten by argu-- ment, will not appeal to, persecution for support. We know : she will. ;: It is all that is left her ; to: ; do. ': She cannot,-, be j ust — she cannot trust to \- reason, and Scripture, and the constitution .alone, : arid hold her 'ground. ? - She. knows ? it wpli.' ' . She lias the innate consciousness of her weakness and error, and therefore she feels that a ' free Bold. and nofavour1 is not whaj; Avill answer lier purpose— -that to prosper .she must persecute. This is the ? very flofitrinfi now advocated bv the -Patriot, her latest organ in,, this city, and we record- the fact to.' prove that we have not slandered her. Good men of various denominations will., npt. lijearken for ever tov. the clamours of the bigoted. ' : : 'They will, we are confident, befoundv;if not to-day, at leasjt hereafter, on, the right side' of .? the questions at issue, as Mr. Rpedter, Mr; Ross, and Mr. .Lyfcle are with regard.: to the asylums, and many members of the schools. We are' only beginning to agitate these, questions:-.' We expect it will talf e time to make our- claims respected. Catholics in the progress of the agitation will know their rights and their duties better, than many of them do just now. They will learn to distinguish between friends and foes. Above all will they learn to cast, off the traitors in our .camp, who are our very worst enemies while they pre tend to be' all* the -while Catholics, We have never sought to influence the yotes of Catholics. We have had, and we still have, too much respect for their, enlightened and independent judgments. The- work ^hey have to do- as fathers and as American citizens is still more their work than ours. To them— to- the people better informed^ ? and to God we Confide the result. : '?' f John B. .Puroell, Archbisjiop ? jxof . Cincinnati;.' - ' [ 