LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. CAPTURE OP SAMUEL MADDEIILV.—On Thursday Samuel M&bberley;, t.l., who it irill be recollected, had escaped from goal, to which he had been committed for the assault and robbery of Mr. Aid house, with two others, was brought up by Detective Countable Joseph Jackson, and re-committed. The prisoner was asked, whether he i-ould admit that he was tho Samuel M&bberley;, who escaped from the goal 1 Ho replied in the affirmative. The capture of Mabberley was effected in rather a singular manner ; a detachment of tho police, consisting of seijeant Mtuddatns, constables Saunders, Casey and Quinu, was on the lookout in the neighbourhood of the Cascades, Wheatley fell in Mith the prisoner, who, however, they did not immediately rccogniso as tho escapcr; be was taken into custody *for being out after hoVtrs, between 11 and 12 o'clock at night, and, showing some resistance, and mine a very powerful man, ho was handcuffed. Ouo of the constables, Casey, we believe, then observed:—" Why Sam, you are one of the men who escaped from goal;" when, handcuffed 8s he was he instantly broke away, and escaped across tbe creek into a bush, where he lay concealed, until he was actually torccdout of his den by the constables and brought to the station house. It is to be hoped the other men, Hinckson and Poulieton may be captured, and that speedily. MICHAEL HUGHES—Our last issue contains an advertisement, signed Micheal Hughes, in some degree impugning our Police Report [of his case in a previous number. With any circumstance not patent to our reporter, for the evidience adduced, he can, of course have nothing to doj and, having referred to him, for any explanation, that might be necessary, we have ascertained, that his report is perfectly correct, and that the case is precisely such, as was shown at the Police Office, Willi respect to Mr. Hughes' money, that is, altogether a different matter, und, if it lie any comfort to bini, that we have received scleral complaints of late, of similar losses ncruring, as it would appear, between the time ot tbe person's apprehension, and his arrival at the Station-house. COUNTRV NEWS.—On Tuesday week last, Sir VV. T. Donison visited Port Sorcll and Deloraiuc, aud meet with a most cor dial reception from the inhabitants of these districts. His Excellency expressed a wish that Port Frederick should be a clearing port for rcsscls entering in aud hound outwards, and further intimated his intention of constructing a turn-pike road between Dcloraine and the Mersey at ibc expense of the Local Government — A man named Richard Locket alias "Blind Dick," has been fully committed for trial, for rohhery at Uvandalc last week.—A sailor belonging to the "\Var.iatah," the properly i>f Mr. Ganl, was accidentally drowned at Lagoon Bay, in the district ofSorell, on the 11th instant.—On the 17th instant, Messrs. Hay and lvcy sold the lease of Mr. Hildyard's farms ot Oriclton, for £940. The horses, bullocks, &i;\, on these farms were disposed of at very high prices.— Alex. Clerke Esq., of Mountford, in the district of Longford, tnct with a scriuus accident ou the 17ilt instant, under llie follutvitig circumstances :—it appears Mr. Clcrkc was shooting at South lisk, aud that he inadvertently touched the trigger of his piece, which instantly went off, cariying away three fingers off the right hand, aud lodged some of the contents in his left eve, the sight of which is lost. His medical attendant has pronounced him out of danger, and he is doing well. MR. U'. SMITH O'BRIEN.—The Dublin "Freeman's Journal," publishes the following extract from this illustrious Irish patriot:—"1 am in good health, hut my existence here is weary, flat, stale, and unprofitable,—barren in regard of present enjoyment, still more barren in regard of hope for the future. Nevertheless, 1 endure life with unrepining patience, content to wait for such changes hi my destiny as the progress of events aud the will of Cod may evolve." SOLDIER'S BREAD.—An assistant surgeon writing to the Portsmouth Times, says that at the Isle of Portland, and Dartmoor Prison, the convicts were in the habit of taunting the soldiers on guard over them with the quality of the bread issued lo tlicm saying— " Look at ours ! you see we prisoners have nice white bread, not that black stuff, not fit for christians, issued lo you." THE MONUMENT TO TNC LATB DR. BED- ROND.—The erection of this monument is to lie immediately proceeded with, from a design executed by Mr. Thomas, architect of this City. As more money has been already cu'llected, than will defray the expense of the monument, it is in contemplation lo crect a School- room iu Victoria-street, to the memory of the late ttev. Divine, with the surplus funds. TUB CIKCD S.—We have repeatedly visited this place of amusement and cannot speak too highly of the performance. The various arrangements which been made to secure the comfort of the visitors reflect great credit on the proprietor Mr. J. S. NOBLE. The amusements consisting of striking feats of Equestrianism und Gymnastic excercises, were of .a really elegant and classical character, evidently arranged wtili •>reat care and taste and well calculated to exhibit tlie high trailing of the beautiful horses so adroitly managed by their expert and talented riders—ue particularly admired the horsemanship of Master Llewel- Ivn, and the sdrprisihg feats of strength of bignor Honra, whilst the novel performance of Signor Herincndcz, on the revolving globe called forth the wonder and approbation of the numerous audiences. Nor must we forget our old friend Mr Cornells, the clown his spicy and telling jokes, kept the visible muscles of the listeners in continual motion—his burlesque of llie ghost 6eene in Hamlet ivas inimitable —his sudden transitions from the sublime to the ridiculous eliciting much applause, rt'c are much gratified iu bearing testimony lo the Unobjectionable character of the "entertainments, no low bufoonery or obscenity disgraced it, in lact nothing to offend the most fastidious taste. Most of the respectable families in Hubartou were present, and we recommend our friends, who have not yet visited the Amphitheatre, to go and judge for themselves. By the bye many of the lovers of " jokes" are very anxious to see Axtelle once more in the circus, as he was a great favourite here a few years since. . V MEN FOII Hum rnn The "OK^.VTAL QUEEN." — Afirieiiltural labourers, 3 > ; bricklayers and labourers, 9 ; blacksmiths and labourers, 11; brass I'ramer, I : bakers, 4't butchers, 1 ; brickmaltersaud labourers, 9 ; butlers, 1 ; boatmen, Ifi ; feirpi-ntera and labourers, 5; coopers. 1 ; cabinet and chair makers. 2 ; coachmen 2 ; carters, 13; dyere, 1 ; diirymen, 2 ; domestic servants. 3 j fell monger, 1 ; firm labourer, 11 ; gardeners uud labourers, 12 ; grooms, 8 ; General men servants, 0 ; general labourers, 24-; but keepers, 3; maciiinests. 1 ; masons and labourers, G; miners nnd labourers, 8 ; optician, 1 ; painters 'ami labourers, 7 ; paperlmngicra, 1; printers hud labourers, 3 ; p astorers^ 2; potters, 4 ; silvorsmiiiiB, 1; shoemakers, 4 ; etouo cutters and labourers, A ; ship riggers, 2 j sawyers 5 ; shepherds, 7 ; stablemen, ">; soap makers, 1 ; tailors, 3 tinman, 1 ; iruu moulder 1; waiters, £ ; miscellaneous, 5. R o u n u NIE s,—On Wednesday morning ast, the dwelling liouso of .Mr. Cartwright, Sandy Bay, was burglariously entered and some valuable articles stoleu therefrom. The houso of Mr. Boyes, in llo)ebn>ok Place, Macqu&rie-strcet;, was robbml of property to a r.iiusiderable amount ou Tuo-day morning last. The depredators also burnt a valuablo thormoinetnr that was suspended in the drawing room. On Saturduy last, Mr. Patterson, liothwell, scut a man named William Dexter, a servant of his, do»-n to town, with instructions to receive and bring back ou the following day, a horse, harnoes, and chaise cart, from Mr. Buttier, Co'Iiusstreet, but instead of honestly complying wish his master's order, he Bold the property with which he wasentrusted tor 103 gunieaa, and proceeded on a trip of pleasuro with souio friends to No tv Norfolk. .Mr. Patterson reported the circumstance to Mr. Drou-u the C. D., constable, and on Wednesday morniug last, tbe police awaited the delinquent's arrival from New Norfolk and tuok him into custody. Dexter ones made his escape from this colony to Kngland and on being recognised there, be was approhended and sent buck hither. ANOTHER UonuKnv.— On Saturday night, as a very decent man, in the service of Mr. Sbnebridgo, was coming home, from New Town, he was assaulted by two men, armod with bludgeons, a short distanca from the May-pole Inn. Ho was violently struck across the eyes, and knocked down, and five one pound uotes. and a silver watcli were taken from him, On Mond iv morning, as he 'A-as going to the Police olhce, to furnish the necessary information of his robbery, he was accosted by a person, who requested him to go to the itainbow, at New Town, where he could get back his property, he accordingly went thuro, aud received his notes and his watch, taking no notice of the ruffians who robbed aud assaulted him, but .leaving tliern to plunder the public again. LAUNCCSTO.V MDMS.—On Saturday night last, a Mr. Pole was hosussed aud rob. bed of i']0 in a public house.—Itainer'i Serenaders are acquiring groat popularity in LaunceAoii.—A company has been engaged to perform at the Olympic Theatre, during the race week.—Tho male onii;ranl6 who arrived by the J^orihumbcyh.nid, consist of agricultural labourer*, gardeners, shoemakers, tiilors, and various other tradesmen. The jinrthimtlicrUnJ proewsis immediately to Caltau withCMils, which she "has on board for that place. The stc.-.ni-vcs-sel Clarcnce made a very cvccllent run across the straits this l.*.«t u:p, having left the warf at Melbourne on Saturday anil arTived alongside the QuecnS-whaii on Sunday evening. She brings over a fail complement of passengers, vhn speak in hi^h prais? of her eicellencc as a sen boat in tils heavy weather she brought across with her. The Clarence reports the ship Shirley from Salem (W.S.) out 1» days, on shore on the v>'e-t haul: r? the Weft Channel, in Port Philip Hay, as she cae-.e out at 4 p.n:. 011 Saturday afternoon.—C. Chiiink-t.-. We have to rccord the total ivwrk of ihc baiic Merope, from infonnation afiordid us by Captain Fantliurp, of the bri.^ City of Sydney, just arrived Irom Portland. Tiic Mtrope voyage from Slelbourne to Adelaide with passengers, and on her passage railed at l'ortlan.l for supplies. She sailed Irom thence on the 17th, and during the night, by some neglect of order issued by ihc master, thcvesyjl ran on shi>re about three miles to the eastward ot Second-river, near Port Fairy ; the passengers, above one hu.idred in number, were all saved, but the vessel »'as a complete wreck, and uninsured,—Ibid. LoNGronii.—Last Sunday ftrcnoon the scr vices of the Church in Lnngiurd were conducted for the first time, since his appointment iu succession to Archdeacon llavies, by the lUv. 31r. Tancreil. So much his been ^vid respecting the rev. gentleman,—he had appeared—according to the complexion of personal Iceliiii;—jiihcr to he identified tvith doctrines J-O hc'U'rudox — or to be the object of so much undKcrinihiatlng hostility aud virulence—that his onening n-rmoii to liis new congregation was listened to with an an-i'ious vietv to'detect any FCRTS.RI it might I!MIO-.C. The text on the occasion was fioin St. Joiin's p:l, 10th chap. 11 til ver., 'Mam the Good Shepherd," kc. Tile rev. jjentleman Le;;ali by saving the Lord had previously conveyed what was to be understood by a gooJ shepherd. Jlany had offered themselves in the course of time as shepherds; the contradiction which mail's nature and condition exhibited, amouy the works of God, had inspired the belief that they were not as they s)touhl be, and had suggested the question of how that which was wron;,' or lost, was to be rectified or restored, lly imposture—by self-exaltation —by the fimteriu:; of Ilutnan pride and intellect—by pretended revelation—by debasing tbe notion of the incorruptible God to images ot corruption, &c.;, men^ had been at diflerent times led astray. ISut Christ Came, and declared himself as the shepherd, and that his sheep knew his voice. With him there was no compromise with human wcuknc><, or wickedness, or pride,—but nl once the ransom and the teacher of men, bis voice v™ intelligible to the sheep—to those who from the depths of affliction — from poverty — from humbleness of mmi—out of an honest and good heart, were prepared to rcceivc hint. Mr. Tancred's discourse was no much more of a practical character—exhortatury than criticdl or explanatory —that is ia difficult to convey a fair sketch of it in a notice like this. Suffice it, that he dwelt on the text (I) as raalliug another passage of scripture In which our Lord is spoken of as a shepherd—as searching for the lost sheep; (2) that liis sliepherdly care had not ceased, it still Continued ; (3) that it especially recalled to us, and its benefits realised on the seasons of grace for which scri||furc had made provi>io», in baptisrij; in the.holy communion, in religious training, wherein the teaching imparted was that which lie had first given, in c. The reverend gentleman in conclusion urged liis hearers themselves to review the past occutraiccs of (heir lives, wherein they would not fail to detect that Jesus had been a shepherd to them, and n future to walcll, and to invoke the pri> sence of that guiding shepherd in the most ordiliarv details of their lives—for the suhjagatiou of their passions aud wayward inclinations—and the removal of thoughts which thrust themselves upon them, hut which they would raiher banish. As we have said, the charaetcr of Mr. Tancred's preaching (at least on this occasion) is not t'riat which is easily rc]>o«ed : but the main poir.t is, to state, that it was simple and scriptural—and left nothing cveo for a captious sectarian criticism lo turn to its own account. It will be difficult to be to the people of Longlord district all that Mi-. Davies was; but we are glad to witness that prejudice of misrepresentation had not emptied pews before a fair opportunity had been had ot ascertaining what Mr. Tancred really ii, and we wish the Uev. Gentleman all success and joy in his new sphere of labour,—a wish to which we are led to give expression principally, because, even if indiscretion has beta at any time exhibited by him, (about which so much was some time ugo written mi upsien) ioo much bitterness, and too little fairness, wtte its penal consequeuc:i—C. L'hrmltb, THE SnrtESAnntts.—Wo are happy to Btate that Hainer's tulented .company of Serenadors will positively appear a': tho Victoria Theatre, on Tuesday ovening the Slli March, according to arrangement, take possession. Public excitement is at foecr lieatupuu the matter, and from what wo hear and read, our highly taleutod frionda may anticipate eiii»'(ied houses for a month or two. RIVAL VICTOIIIA Tills VTBB.—WU have to inform our readers and (requeuters of tho ah no named theatre, that it will open on Monday evening next, with a new drama, eimvlwi tho " Avenger," in which Mr. aud Mrs. Osborne will sustain tho principal characters, with numerous other outcrt&iumonts.;—See Advertisement. NMV CATIILU it AL.—Ou Wednesday afternoon last, a mewing of the members nf the Church of England, interested in tho erection of tho now cathedral in St. David's Burying Giouutl. was held at St. David's Parsonage. The Lord Bishop iu the Chair. The Rev. Archdeacon Davics, in explaining tho object of tho meeting stated, that tho cdiffco would invoK'n an estimated expenditure of £20,000, and urged the nececssity of miking immediate arrangements for to carry out tho desigu. It was therefore unanimously resolved that tho Bishop bo requested to draw up] an appeal to tho members of tho Auglicau Church in this colony, calling upon thorn to aid in tho cause. The following gentleman were selected as Provisional Oommittoo ;—'The Church-warden of St. David's for tbe time being, T. D. Chapman, J. Dunn, and K. W. Nutt. Ksqrs. M. L.O's, W. Coote Esq.. tho Muyor of Hubartou, the Speaker of the Legislative Council, the Rev. Archdeacon Davics, andiho ltevs. J. H. Oox, and It. Davics, with power to add to thoir number. J. Dunn, li6q, M.L.C., Treasurer; and tho ltev. Archdeacon Davics, lion. Sec. MMI. F>a 0.\LiroiiNi t.—Ou Thursday last, a mail was made up at the general Post Office hero, for California,iuteuded to bo transmitted by the Spray to San FrausciscD, bat tho Captain of that vessel rnfused to receive it on hoard, coutrary to the " New Passengers Act," for which he is liable to be prosecuted. Th<3 mail was. of course, brought hack to the post office, where it awaits another opportunity. KKUATUM.—lu the report of the arrival of the Oriental Queen, uudflr the head of " Shipping Intelligence." in our last issue, a typographical etror occurred in the xmmo of the Religious Instructor of tho ship, Mr. C. Casper being inserted iustoad of Mr. C- Cooper. 