{ A ¿OKI: IN HIS Gr.oitY.-Tho Ciir/W Rag (American) tolls a story of a preacher who do [ lighted in long sermons, and who once exchanged with a brother prcachor who always delirad short [ ones. At thc usual hour for olo/ing tho soitico, the people becamo uneasy, lind, being inspired ¡ with the love of warm dinners rather than long sermons, went out quietly one by one, till thu preacher was left alone with tho sexton. Tho preacher, feeling that he must do hi« duty; stilt commited to blaze away, till that functionary, seeing no prospect of a close, walked deliberately up tile pulpit stairs, and, handing him thc key, requested " he would 1 ck np when he hud got through, and leuve tho key at his bottsu at ha j went ulong." . A Sinnt' -WIT.-An Indian wit says that I duringa trial in J.nwrenccport a young bul, who wns called ns a witness,. waß asked if he knew I what was the obligation rf nn oath, and where he would go t-> if he told n lie- Hcsuid ho nup poscd " ho wutld go where all the lawyers went f.>." ' What un unique and meaning expression wat that of-a young Irish girl, in giving testimony ngninst an individual in a conrt of justice tlùi other day, "Arrnh, sir," said she, "I am sun» he never made his mother «mile." There is ii biography of unkindness in that short and simple' sentence. A CnocKETTER.-Colonel Crocket, while on nn electioneering trip, fell in nt a gathering, and it became necessary for him to treat the company. His finunees wore rather low, having but ono 'coon skin about him ¡ howuvcr, he pulled it out', slapped it down on the counter, and called for its value in whiskey. The merchant measured out the whiskey, and throw tho skin into the loft. Tho colonel observing thc logs very open, took ont his ramrod, nnd upon the merchant turning his buck, twisted Iii» 'coon skin out and pocketed it: wbeu moro whiskey was' wanted, tho iamo skin was pulled out, slapped upon the counter, nnd ¡ts value called for. This trick was played until they were all tired of drinking. The young Indy who kissed m by mistake the other night, is" respectfully informed chut wa dare her to do it again. A dark doorway provided on the shorted notice. The editor i-f an exchange snys, he. never sow but one ghost, nnd that was tbeghost of a sinner, who died without pnying for his jinper. 'Twas terrible to I ok upon-thc ghost ol Hninlct was not a circuin.-tuuce to it. Why is a person with tho lumbago like a mau smoking a cheap cigar? because his back U bud (bnccy'it bad). Vmiv Cnitiors LADIES.-A tradesman at Liittott, Bedfordshire,-lins tho following ? not ico _ stuck np. iu his window:-" Good Ladiet, lt 'f'. huting ditto, ls. Gd. per pnir. ¡; ' ' . . ' When a joker dies,, what sort of a carriage «tocs '?' he moko? A waggon, (waggone.) _ ? - ---- 