A MERRY CHRISTMAS TO YOU ! IT must be difficult for recent arrivals from the motlier country to recognise Christmas as he appears at the anti- podes. He is an old friend indeed, but certainly with a very new face. At home, that Christmas may come in his best and happiest style, the air should be clear and frosty ; and the colder it is, the less grumbling will there be, and the more attractive will be the fireside, and the yule-log will be burned with the greater veneration. If the snow weigh down the leafless branches of the old trees and lie a foot deep on the ground, the jovial face of Christmas" looks all the merrier ; and if the poffds be frozen over, then, after returning from church, one may acquire an appetite for one's plumpudding by an hour of the most exhilarating exercise, and the youngsters, who are at homeWor the vacation, may exhibit at once their skill with the^skates and their practical geometry by in- scribing a circleVin a triangle on the ice. Then, when the night has come,\and that good fellow Christmas-being in his very merriest humour, and, in fact, wild with fun and frolic-incites the wind to rattle the windows, and to pelt them with driving showers of snow or sleet,-then, when the curtains are closely drawn, and all is dark and , drear-without, and all is warm and bright within,---then is the very time for the whole family party to draw ro'und the, blazing hearth, then should the rich spiced wine go round and round again, and then should stories of. ghosts and hobgoblins be told' awfully and devoutly believed, until that fair timid girl in the corner shudders, aud draws perceptibly nearer to that young gentleman to whom it ip generally rumoured that she is engaged. It must be acknowledged then, that, in a Christmas point of view, we Australians labour under very serious disadvantages. "With a bright blue sky and a hot sim overhead, and not a speck or imaginary vestige of snow underfoot -. when the cicadas are singing shrilly in the green trees, and the bare thought of a fireside is enough to throw the most cold-blooded into a fever,-when ice is coveted, not to skate upon, but to temper the tepid water, and to aid in the formation of sherry cobblers,-under these depressing circumstances what true Briton can be expected to spend a merry Christmas ? We can only ad- vise our newly arrived colonist to put up with the fine weather as best he can. Grumbling will do no good, not to mention the heat it will throw him into ; and when, on looking at a mirror, he sees that his nose is not blue with cold,--when he misses the familiar appendages of chapped hands and frozen toes,-we exhort him to bear with re- signation the absence of those blessings. Yet, however strong may be the contrast of clime and season, it is only in his external trappings that Christmas j here needs and ought to differ from Christmas at home : in his inner life, in his essence, he should be and, we trust, is the same. In both countries, this great festival , should remind us of the same truths, excite the same glad- ness, and suggest the same feelings of peace, thankfulness, and universal good will. Here indeed, even more than in England, we require some such periodical check to the ad- vancing tide of worldliness. Who can deny that our life is gross and sensual in the extreme ? Money is the only object of pursuit, and, when obtained, we spend it, the worst of us in vice, and the best of us perhaps in a vulgar and heartless ostentation. Where are the votaries of art, and science, and literature ? where is elegance ? where is refinement ? where is the ^gart-life, and the mind-life, and the soul-life ? ; The Juggernaut of mammon rides in his . triumphal car, and shouting out the symbolic word of his worship "gold ! gold! gold !" we fall down before him, and the wheels, passing over us, crush every finer feeling from our breasts-the romance and the sentiment of life are gone, and nought remains but a hard, rugged materialism, and a coarse, joyless sensuality. Surely, in such a state of things, this annual recurrence of the commemoration of the Nativity should be regarded more than ever as a public blessing. It can hardly fail to remind even the most sordid that the chief end of life is not money-getting-that there are nobler objects, and greater goods, then mere wealth-and - that there are common reasons for an universal exultation far higher and holier than the narrow self-complacency... which arises from the contemplation of private aggrandise- . ment. Besides the cold, the frost, and the snow, there are . some other Christmas requisites which we miss in Austra* lia. The present season is one which at home has been ever wont to awaken and stimulate the charitable emotions in those who are at all susceptible of them. The incle- , mency of the English climate is, no doubt, one cause of . this, which, while it aggravates the sufferings of the poor, .enhances by contrast the enjoyments of the affluent. Here, . . , however, both from the temperature of the clime and from our social circumstances, .the field of private charity is. ex- ceedingly limited, if, indeed, it has not vanished altogether. ; Here there are no shivering old women to whom a thick shawl and a warm blanket would be a. most acceptable > present; here there is no family so poor as to be unable to provide its own Christmas dinner with all its glorious adjuncts, without requiring to eke it out by the donation of a joint of beef or a pound of sugar. We confess that we do not repine at the absence of this poverty and j wretchedness-especially as the benevolent have still a undant scope, in other ways, for the exercise of their ph Lmthrophy. There are various public institutions of most deserving nature, to whose support they may conti bute; and there are missions to the heathen which.th< may assist-and which they could not assist at a more a] propriate time than when they are celebrating the nativi of Him whose gospel those missions are designed to pr< mulgate. "We may add that there are poor curati struggling to exist with their families on «£150 or ¿620 per annum, to some of whom we shall not be sorry to rea in a newspaper that the ladies of their congregations ha\ presented "elegantly- worked purses," containing each, i the case may be, fifty or one hundred sovereigns. Taking a sudden jump to a very small subject indeet W_£ " calculate " that some of the little ones, who have nc very long left London, will miss the Christmas pantomimes and that some of the adults will miss the spectacle of th children's joyous merriment. Parents must only endea your to repair the loss by keeping up in its integrity ever other old English custom that is practicable-a course t which we most strenuously exhort all classes of our fel low-colonists without distinction. That man must be de ficient in common penetration who cannot detect a philo sophy in these apparent trifles. Trivial as these pastime may appear, they attach the child to his home-they fi: and localise it ; they give him, by their community, idea of nationality ; and they store his mind, to all after years with pleasant memories and endearing associations. Eacl of these little things establishes in his heart a sympatheti< chord which, wherever lie be, a thousand accidents ma] daily strike, and whose vibrations, when struck, ever syl lable with unfailing faithfulness the magic name o: "Home." And here, by the way, we must not omit all mention o: Christmas-boxes. It is a good old English fashion, thal of giving them, and one which, from its generous and ge- nial nature, we consider entitled to our advocacy par ex- cellence. We trust, then, that all Australian parents, and uncles, and aunts, and cousins to the thirty-first degree oi .remotion, will give Christmas-boxes ; . as we are confident that those gifts are richly deserved by all Australian sons .and daughters, nephews and nieces, and all the other cor . relatives. We are most decidedly of opinion that Mary should have that nice box of water-colours, and that Fanny should get that illustrated book of poems, and that her father should buy Emily that fine- toned pianoforte (the old instrument being in a horrid state), in order that she may play to him some of the old plaintive English airs-«which is positively the sole and single reason why that dear dutiful girl has so long coveted its possession. And as for the boys-Tom must be enabled to boast that he has " the best bat in the school," and that little bay pony is the very thing for George, and was obviously des- tined, from its very colthood, to be teased and petted by no other juvenile. Nay, our comprehensive benevolence will even include that apparently insignificant, but really most important, member of the family-the baby ; and we maintain that its slow and painful process of dentition should be aided, solicited, and consoled by the very pret- tiest little coral that can be obtained for love or money. In our advocacy of this munificence we may assure our readers that we are perfectly disinterested ; for, although we shall be expected to give some, we have not' the most Temóte expectation of being given any Christmas-boxes. We had almost forgotten to remind our male, and to warn our fair, readers, that that old parasite-once a pa- gan, but long since Christianised-yclept mistletoe, is to be found in i\ ew South Wales. After this, the former will be* inexcusable if they have not bundies suspended in the most convenient parts of the house-that is, the parts of greatest thoroughfare ; and if the latter go underneath, either designedly or by accident, they will not have us to blame for the consequences of their heedlessness or their deliberation. 