SELECTED POETRY. A WINTER AFTERNOON. BY THOMAS AIRD. Stand on this height and listen. The broad noon How meekly quiet: yet how many a sound Distinct you catch—the cock from farm remote To answering farm; the house dog’s deep-mouthod bay; The petulant yaffle of the cottage ,our; Tbs nicking sound of tho slow carrier's wheels, Var awiy -hoard ; the children's nearer noise OfsluUuff sport; the faggot-telling axe; And intermitting oft, from yonder grange 1 ho double Hail: from out the barn door, lo! A thin-light dust hangs in the yellow sun. Vibratos tho distant air into a din, A smoky streamer, and afar you ken railway train: tho,long flat form comes on— Tisaoar—Tia burled in tho cut embanked, And hid from tight; but putts of fat white smoke, Still onward, onward, spouting from the ground. Toll where It is—'tia out—'tis past—’tia gone 1 Down hy tho gringo wo turn.- Forth lilting comes . The farm lass, driving from tho hytohar cowa To water at tho frosty.rookihg wall, Farrow, ill-hairod, and loan, but frisking mod, Tipsy with freedom: loud her song, not sweet, v;;th twang. Tho Scottish peopleiaok - I Tha soul ofmusio: In thohvhomea austere. Though strong the ties of blood, affection takes No frank expression; genial -childhood, thoro, la gladsome carols, bursting fall end free, Is seldom heard : uwod.by its parents, down It hangs tho head, deep blushing, caught by theta - Singing with all Its might: Thus early cramped, Unpractised thus,our soul ofmusio dies. Lo, chanticleer, his yellow logs well spurred. Leads torlh his dames along.tho strawy ways. ,He claps his wings; ho strains'll is clarion throat, His blood-rod comb inOamed with fiercer life, And crows triumphant: Soul-distressing sound. When in tho pout-up city, ill at ease, •, Vonr hot and tevoiish spirit cannot sleep. Hearing him nightly from some neighbouring court.' Tho night infects the day: nervously keen To that one 'sound, through day's unheeded din You never fail to hoar—shrinking you hear— Tito crowing cock, however far and faint-, Ofthave we wished tho gallinaceous tiibo Had but one neck, and that wore in our hands To twist anddnuv: the marrow’s sun hed risen Upou a cockicss and a hdnless world. And yet tho follow there, so hold of blast. Sounding tho morn clear through retreating night, Calling up Industry, and cheering Work, in such a style original, is quite A power in the social system; so must live, ilori life-likp now, for lio-has fonud a corn— tio lowers.and lifts his swelling breast and throat. And lowers again, with cluck peculiar; straight, Their n.'cks oat/ntoicUed,,in rocking haste, vrlag-IsulpoJ His straggling dames come mulling all to him, Ju affectation ol sumo hoped-for prize Great beyond mon'Hiire; truiie»' In tho pride % Of loving wifehood. Ido, aol£--:ItgaittK.I, J ' ) That portions to his'portlets thus he gives, ’ r All to himself denied, crows forth, and round Stalking in uxorious majesty. His mincing toe-tips searct-iy touch the earth, 1 ha sun goes down tho curly afternoon, And scon will set, A rim of steaming haze Above the horizon, deepor i.i its dye Than tho light orange of the general wont, IVaceivos his reddened orb. As through their gloses VV oat ward you go, a sifted dust of gold Fills all the hr-wood tops ; ruddy below Their rough-barked stems ; and aye the wings of birds Twink with illumination, as they flit From tree to tree across your startled eye. That grey bowed man has scon a hundred yours! With chips and splinto.-s from the forest roots. To make his evening lire, he totters home, Shuffling tho withered leaves. How wonderful With pipes and valves so manifold and nl.-e, Cords, bloody knots, and tangled threads of life, And membranes filmy fine, that plunk us in From the great ocean of -Eternity. Hearing around ns, with incumbent weight Is on ui'prossing.— oh, how wonderful This shred of clay should stand a hundred years.’ ilotoo goes tho poor old man; if home it be, Vfuore oucc were wife and children,but where now No wife, no children are: for they are gone Hoon to the dust, and be is left behind. Within his silent, solitary house, With Age, and "Want, and Ghosts of Happy l>nyo. Yet well with thee, old man! humble and frail In earthly eyes, yet on thy going ont The angsts look, and on thy coming ir.t And trained by thee, notio'jt bat gone before, Thy family wait to have thco in the skies. Day fades. But more ia left than ta’cii utruy; The social eve, be V/intor blest for tii:»; And, prime of all, the modit tivo hoar. Hear to tha Muse. Oast h rgo tha true seo.l-thonght, 0 Son of Song: the sced-Jioid of the world, (•real field of function ■ dewed with tour.? :isd blood, Is quick of womb: sow: trust no grain will die; HlAoil it ever liad*. it roo.W, it grows Hough crops of action, urtu, and schemes of life, Harveawof time, and n arnors in the Hcavcne. 