SALE OF MR. PUGIN' S PICTURES. On Thursday se'nnight the remainder of the valuable collection of water-colour drawings, engravings, architectural sketches, and ancient pictures belonging to the late Mr. Pugin, were submitted to public competition by Messrs Sotheby and Wilkinson, in Wellington-street, East Strand. Their rooms were very numerously attended on the occasion, and the interest attaching to Mr. Pugin's name brought together a large sprink- ling of his Catholic friends. Among those present were Lord Dunraven, the Hon. Thomas Stoner, W. J. Amherst, Esq.,— Knill, Esq., Mr. Hardman, of Birmingham, and Charles Manning, Esq., besides several of the metropolitan Catholic Clergy, and several Protestant Clergymen, the Rev. Dr. Coleridge, of Eton College, &c.; A variety of ancient framed engravings, by Wierix, Sadeler, Golrius, and other well-known early artists, comprising a vast series of Scrip- tural and Ecclesiastical subjects, found ready purchasers at prices varying from 12s. to £2. Among them was a very beautiful series of the miracles worked upon those who are devoted to the Rosary, which Mr. Hardman bought for 25s. and a series of 15 subjects from the life of St. Ignatius Loyola, which were knocked down for £4. A Landscape, etched by Rembrandt, fetched a like price, and a set of 26 Views in Venice, by Canaletto, in antique oak frames of Mr. Pugin's own design, was bought by Mr. Colnagi, of Pall MaU, for £7. Thirteen very rare and beautiful Albert Durer's realised together above £43, his Adam and Eve with the Serpent, and his Knight of Death, being knocked down at £8 8s. and £7 15s. respectively to Mr. Colnaghi and Mr. Tiffin. Some curious engravings of London before and after the Great Fire of 1666, and views of the villages of Lambeth, Westmins ter, Greenwich, Islington, &c.;, as they appeared in the seventeenth century, realised various sums between £2 and £4 A variety of water-colour sketches of churches in Kent, by the late Mr. Pugin himself, met with ready pur- chasers at £1 Is. £2 2s. and other prices, up to £6 15s. and an original Interior of a Kitchen, with Fortune- Tellers, fetched £7. The sale concluded with some very exquisite oil paintings by early masters of the Italian school, the greater part of whieh realised various prices between £5 and £12. An excep- tion, however, must be made in favour of the Descent of the Holy Ghost on the Day of Pentecost, by Giotto, which, after a spirited competition was knocked down to Mr. Emery at £46 ; and two well-known pictures of Albert Durer, the Death of the Blessed Virgin and the Adoration of the Magi, which together fetched 53 guineas. A beau- tiful triptych, of the school of Perugino, representing the infant Saviour and the Blessed Virgin in the centre, with Saint Joseph and another figure in the side compartments, fetched £25 10s. We were glad to learn that the entire pro- ceeds of the sale amounted to above £400. On the day previous to the sale when the pictures were on view, his Eminence the Cardinal Archbishop paid a visit to Messrs. Sotheby's rooms, accompanied by the Very Rev. Canon Searle, and expressed himself greatly pleased with the collection, and more especially with the pictures of the Italian masters.— Tablet. The manner of duelling in Japan is singular, and to our European prejudices may appear absurd and barbarous; the philosophical observer may, perhaps, consider it as rational, as an appeal to the sword or pistol. When two men of honour quarrel in that country, the party who conceives himself injured rips up his own entrails with a large knife, and presenting the instrument to his adversary, in- vites him to follow his exaaaple. No Japanese gentleman can decline the invitation, for if he does not instantly plunge the kinfe into his own bowel, he is dishonoured for life. 