Local and Provincial News- i ACCIDENT, ANO XAIIROW FSCAI-E or rm: < HON. MUS. KEITH STEWART.-About :! l'.M. yes- , terday, His Excellency thc Governor-General s carriage, containing thc J Iou. Mi s. Keith Stew- art, anti G. fitzroy, Esq , Private Secretary, was I urning the corner of George-street into Hunter- j street, when, opposite Mr. Xixon's shop, ii few doors from Skinner s Hotel, the oti'--ide horse fell through the earth into the bad ly-covered drain. The initiâtes of thu carriage were in a , fíate of great peril, ns the high-mettled horses plunged violently, c»prciulry thc one which had fallen through ; but Mr. Fitzroy succeeded in placing the lady in safety on the pavement, and . I he driver with the assistance of u person named j Lock extricated the horse. Some of the harness J was broken, and Lock received a cut un the buck of his hand while rendering assistance , but with these exceptions no damage wa- sus- tained. A vcr,- few weeks have elapsed tinco that portion of the drain was repaired ¡md covered, or b-tehed by some of the Corporation, laborers j and notwithstanding all that may bc urged in extenuation about tho late heavy rains, tho imperfect manner in which the drain has been covered reflects grout discredit upon the. workmen and their overseer. TUE TIII.ATKC.-Tho engagement of "The American .Stars'' is fast drawing to a cloie. On Monday, Mrs. Stark took her " Farewell. Benefit"-KING LEAÎÎ being the chosen Tragedy, willi F.viiii.v JAILS,' as tho utter-piece. A crowded und fashionable house responded to tho invite of the fair O'-ntjiciurf, and tho per- formances were lupturously npplanded. For this evening. Mr. Stark publikes ids P.l'.C. card, in KICIIAUD TJII: Tmt:i> ; and as this will positively be tho last nisrht of his, and hi> lady's appearance, we unticijiate a crowning tesl iuiouial to the Mieeess. which has so signally nun ked their visit lo Sydney. Mn. KAINUI:'fi FAREWELL BENEFIT NEXT. Mos HA Y Nioijr !-Wo call thc attention of all admirers of harmuuious negro melodies, and characteristic comicalities, to next Monday night's performances, at tho Hoyal Hotel, for tho benefit of Mr. Hamer, the musical director of thc Serenading Company which hears bis name. His exertions to gratify the public de I servo an ample return at their hands : and as the humorous titvtrtiftniiem aro strictly confined to propriety, no moro fitting amusement can ho chosen by parents as a trent for their families, l'ho selection of songs will comprise tho best gems of their collection, and Mr. Kai uer will introduce Kussoll s celebrated s «ng of * The Sexton", which, judging from his able render- ing of 'The Negro Dirge', will be a decided hil. Tho ' IJurlesque on thc Opera' is u mo=t fncctious little Kxtravngatn.r.. THE CITIZENS' RETURN HALL.—Determined not to be outdone in courtesy, the citizens of Sydney gave a -Fancy Dre-s Hall last Thursday evening, at thc Koynl Hotel, to thc Mayor and Mayoress-, in return for tho splendid treat furnished to them by that most urbano of civic functionaries. Thc Governor, his family, kud suite, with most of tho leading officials, were in- ¡ vitod guests ; and Colonel Bloom field kindly i allowed tho Hand of the Eleventh to attend. I Tho room was tastefully decorated, -the Stew-j aids busy as bees, and bland as honey-and the guests well dressed ami pleased. The number of visitors was between four mid five hundred, and they kept the " ball moving " till very nearly breakfast time. A few incidents ihat have been whispered to us may probably be immortalised next week. AKXUCJC DOWN Jíi.ow von us.-un passing ourotiiee'ihe oilier night, wv observed u crowd of small children round the door, and a tall indi- vidual most industrially persevering in repeated ; double-knocks. As we do not roost in our sane- tum, there was of course, nobody nt home ; and we stayed our steps to enquire thc reason of so untimely a visit. The lengthy mau, in crack- jn.v English, thus outspake :-"Me verlose me sbild. Me vant one beil-nmu to ring de bell and slung out-if one mau find me sbild, me vant dc leetlc ting home back. Me see. Bell sunning on de door here ; me vant de bell ringed for me shilii !" Assuring thc unfortunate German that /Sells Life was a ditl'ereut walk of life from a bell- man's, and infinitely disgusted at our advertising medium being »o misumlcrst ¡od, we retired from the scene 'midst the gaping wonder of the small fry, and ttraiglitwny minie application to Ur. Simpson, at lu's Hotel, for a draught to -smooth our rubied dignity. CuitlOSITIKSOl' AWVItUTlSINC LlTEKATUlU". An advertisement from a Sydney coal mendiant, in thc llera-d. winds up ns follows :-" N.B. Ships, steamers, mills, and manufactories, sup- plied at a minute's notice." Wo conclude that these wonderful coals must lie " seconds." This is beating the Electric Telegraph by long chalks. -In reference to a "most delightful spot at Wa- verley," now for sale in the hands of one of our principal auctioneers, thc Colonial 1'obins says: " Thc situation is classed in richness of scenery at thc highest pinnacle ol' exclusive superiority." A correspondent enquires if thc " pinnacle of obscurity " bc meant ? KATIIHR IxcoNSiDintATt:.-Our Bathurst con- temporary in his issue of tilts Cuth ult., published a story in connection with thc disappearance and supposed murder of Mr Neville, which was calcu- lated to excite not only its own particular readers, but thc colony, and the world ut large, lt was to thc effect that thc details of thc dreadful crime had.been revealed in a vision to .tho brother of the murdered man ; that the assassins, whose countenances were turned towards him, lie recog- nised and named ; and that on enquiry being instituted, sufficient corroborative evidence of elie truth of tlic. dream transpired as to warrant the apprehension of several parties on suspicion of being concerned in thc murder. Strange to say, our ghost-story-tclling contemporary in his fol- lowing issue, "of Saturday last, makes not the remotest allusion cither to thc vision, or thc murder, and len ves us with hair-upstanding, still on the tenter-hooks of suspense. Wo must en- treat Ids curly consideration, for we aro literally turning grey"with anxiety. THU " Anuo " STEAMER.-This magnificent screw steamer sailed hence on Thursday morn- ing for Melbourne, from whence she will proceed direct to Southampton, via Cape Horn. Her gallant commander, Captain Hyde, is sanguine of landing his passengers within thc period in which his outward voyage was accomplished-G5 days. The late .Commander of the Forces, Lieutenant General Wynyard, Mrs Wynyard, Captains Wynyard and U'Oyley, are amongst lier mimerons passengers. The General em- barked on Tuesday morning, under a salute from tho batteries, the departure of the vessel being fixed for that day, but, owing to tho inclemency of thc weather, being postponed. The gold dust exported by the " Argo," calculated nt 7Ss. per 07... nmgimts to upwards of £ 115,000. lier mails contain 10,S82 letters, nnd 10,020 news- papers, THC BITES BITTEN.-About noon on Tuesday last, a rowdily dressed parsonage, who gave the ominious name of " Mister Hrovvn," kûj-.àed a cheque for .£9 to the teller cf the Bank of Xew South Wales. The cheque .was signed George Jones «nd marked by thu teller tts " right." Mr Brown instead of at once taking the .cheque to the cushier, and obtaiuing the amount h» guid or silver, took it away, altered it toi'90, ami in that state presented it." Now without detracting from the ingenuity displayed by Mr Brown, it must be acknowledged that the cashier overmatched him. Ile was not so green as to bc taken in by Brown, and having examined the cheque mid discovered die altération, he enquired .. where did you get this? ¡t's all wrong." But Mr Brown thought it unaJvisalde to stop to parley with the cashier, and made a precipitate retreat. P-lIUisENXElu's ADUIIESS TO TUE PlIOrLE. " Dearly beloved broth-I mean fellow citi- zens; iivrv mau, ivoman, and child in the Cviuuti, thuu'il ivuil evny wO'd-yea, every intln'b'.e, of the New Constitution Bill, lt's only uight columns long. Its excessively interesting. Kite's Isaiah is nought m comparison with it. ¿OOO copies are awfully in the way on the shelves in my otiice, and any jicrsua can enjoy an intel- lectual fea>t by purchasing last Saturday's Lmjjire for the small charge of a 3d hit." A IJA.NIIV WHEEIBAUKOW.-The following are tile murks and tokens of a wheelbarrow, ol' recent importation, destined to tuke the shine out of Hansom's one hoisc patents, in the Hue and Cry of Wednesday last-Oven! Oyea! O yea: ibis m .ming between eight and nine o'clock, some nefariuus individual did steid and nett avay, from the front of Mr Myers* house in Goitiburu- street, a patent safety wheelbarrow, green sides, red wheel, lath bottom, mid blue baek, valued at tilts. PEUSEVKU ANCE ANt> INOEXL'ITY UNUE WAtiutn - Un Inst Tue-day morning, about the hour of two o'clock, when many pi irate wuteh-* men retire into tho privacy ut" an etnpç- cask, J. . sawpit, or similar places of teiiiporary^eetasion,. to enjoy a nap, tome enterprising cu*lic^itjt%foc< employment ut C-ckntoo, came to the resolution of cracking and sacking another store "int the; Ciieubir Quay, which, from the number of sue-, ce sful burglaries which have recently been coin-' milted, appears to have became ulavuritc locality among the Sydney burglars. Alter a slight con sohation, the gang ''moved and carried a resolu- tion unanimously," to tup the store of Mr Weie. It rained hurd enough to keep the watchman under shelter, ns be naturally concluded that nobody would bc tech a fool as to come out cracking in the wet. The store door was judged by ihe gang to be lather mure diilicult to toree tuan those of their late victims on the Quay, Smith, Campbell & Co., Messrs Beit, and other merchants. One if tile gani; was therefore appointed to watch the watchman in the empty cusk, uud give a signal should that woithy awaken. The.others t >ok a ladder ont of the buck yard, ascended to the roof, cut a hole therein, and fastening a ro]>e to one of the bat- tens, they descended by it into the store of Mr Were, and also into that of Mr Borter on the gruund door. They broke ojien u great many cases, a trunk, mid secretaire which stood in Mr 1'orter's otliee, but were unsuccessful in their search for money or jewellery. Not condescend- ing t.t soil their fingers willi ordinary lnerehaii di/.e they re-ascended lo the ro .f, and departed as the}- came with the exception of a few sticks t f tobacco which bad been placed in the uflice as a sample. A SATISKACTORV IÎKI'I.V.-In reply tn a ques- tion-addressed by Mr Thurlow to the Colonial Secretary in Council on Tucsdny, iisto whether it was the intention of the government io do any- thing ¡ti the mutter of thu Sydney Cjr, o. x during the present session, and, if so, white?-;l.e hon.ratde gentleman ¿aid, ii was the intention .?!' the government to do tviuctUlmj, but he c.ubi n^t say n hat'. Pitfrr.i; ANO SALT.-lt isa subject of common relation in town that our much esteemed friend, John luche', Ksq., who sailed hence tor thc " lund o' cakes" in the " Great Brimin " steamer, availed himself of the elrmniing society of a wealthy und blooming widow, a fellow-pus.-t-r.ger ot the name of Pepper, to mitigate the monotony i f a voyage ucrus- the ."alt seas, anti ultimately prevailed upon the lady to go to the extreme length of declaring a decided preference for the name cf Inches mer Pepper, und which conces- sion was unified by the first marriage-monger they ¿topped across. Jt is evident from this that friend Jock dissents from our opinion-that " Matrimony is not to be sneered at." NEITHEU "A MoCKEltV NOK A JEST."-A magnificent turtle was served up in the saloon of thc Bondon Tavern, on Monday, hythe respected host, to a select few of Iiis friends. The only dump thrown upon the conviviality of tho parry was the absence of Kx-AJderman Thomas, who linc, we dee]dy regret to state, mit yet recovered from his Boyal carouse. Mr Wilkie however, with that considération for which he is so jren erally esteemed, directed that a quart pot ol the greenest fat in the cauldron should bc forwarded from his tallie to the sick man's chamber. Mr Barry Bong's distinguished services as croupier were in requisition, and "all went merry asa marriage bell." Our .. Bell " went too. THE MOUE TIM: MEKIUEII.-Prospcctusscs of three or four hebdomcdals in embryo have recent- ly appeared, ami wc slmll hail their advent with pleasure, a* a gratifying indication of the increas- ing requirements of the intelligent of the com- munity. Of these the principal-" The English- man" ba- announced its birth for this afternoon, ¡md we wi.-h it a safe and happy delivery. A weekly journal of liberal politics, and of a generally commercial character, conducted by men of ability and reputation, will bc regarded ns a grateful substitute for thc misnomer at present usurping that position, ¡md which under pro- fessions of aJvucutina the public interests, pros- titutes its mendacious pen to the grossest purposes of venal scurrility'. Coxs.-Why should Mrs Sydney Herbert's needlewomen be maier thc control of thc City Council?-Because rhey are common sewers. In what docs the similitude between Mr Soli- citor Cory and Bord Bacon consist?-In thc summon. Why ii our old friend, Tarry, the father of thc roll of attorneys ï-Because there's beeu no one entered tis Long. Who is tile worst pnid barrister?-Tho "People's Advocate." If Louis Napoleon were to get his head broken at the next French lievolution, how would he get it mended? -With Plaster of Paris. Why is the Legislative Council unlike thc Society for tho prevention of cruelty to animals? Because they iujfer under Martin's Act. Why will the New South Wales medical practitioners soon be in a state of bankruptcy? Because we're going to haven New Constitution. Why does Wentworth bill fair to go to Tarban Creek?-Because he's cracked on the Upper Story. Why is Dr Douglass so earnest against publie executions?-Because he likes a private drop. Why is Sir Charles Nicholson the greatest bore in the house?-Because he'« always a Speaker. Why did Thurlow go into the Legislative Council?-In tho hope that Wentworth would make him Loan Mayor. Why docs Purkcsennery recommend that " ah children should read the New Constitution Bill"?-Because he is aware of their natural fondness for new toys. Why is it perfectly legitimate to jest with Councillor Thomas ?-Because he is uo longer a y ra va subject. What is the most striking instance of a modern hiitii iiufttr«? - A full-sized " Englishman," born this day in Australia, from thu womb of The Press. THU JEWISH PHILANTHROPIC SOCIETV.-On Wednesday evening, at a meeting of the mem- bers of this Society, held in the Vestry Boom of the Synagogue, thc President, Mr Moses Joseph, in tufeloipient and%complimentnry address, pre- sented Mr Abraham Cohen with a splendid silver salver, ns a testimonial from the Society, of his highly etlicient services ns Honorary Secretary through a series of years. Mr Cohen acknow- ledged the compliment in suitable terms, and, after a vote of thanks to the Chairman, the meeting separated. CL-TTINO TUE TiiaoAT ur A HOUSE. - On Monday a mau named David Collins, residing on tlie laud uf Mrs. Eckford, Moipotb Hoad, was brought before the Bench, charged with cutting the throat of a horse, the property of William Johnson, servant to Mrs. Dickson, of the adjoin- ing farm. Tho necessary evidence having becu taken, he was committed* for triul at thc ensuing Circuit Court.-JUv Uland Mercury, Aug. IO. Nor .QL'JTE TUE COKISTHIAX ORDER -The vivacity.natural to ono of Ilifcernia's loTelte*t aaughters, matrimonially attached ti» a noted architect ot this citv, tuet with a verr Othello like rebuff at the Citizens Jîall on Thursday- even- ing,T thc occasion ot the h-Jtior of the lndv's baud,being solicited for a deux Umps by a dis- trict P.M. of acknowledged gallamrv. A gallant colonel, ever in Quixotic attendance upon th* sex, happening to overhear the sotto voe* exp.*, tulatiuu of the irate " lord and master," ventured a pacificatory word,'but was compelled to lient a retreat bef re the response of the indignant Bene- dict, delivered in something approximating to the following terms :-"Shure an ve've insnlfued a mimlKrr of my family ¡ and if i't hadn't bin as you're henathe my notice, hythe holv St Pathrick wouldn't 1 drill holes tn that scarlet jacket of yours." Thc Colonel bowed t > the lady, and re- tired. The husband looked daggers at* bis wife, and excessively sulky. v " PAVE Mr. FROM MT FRIENDS."-Such max- well be the exclamation of the ncqnaintanees of a certain log-wood juice bottler in Jamison street, who, on our advertisement collector hon- oring him with a call, expressed himself thus : - " I do not advertize in IWi'i Life.-In fact, I never read Bell's Life.-Indeed. 1 recommrn.1 my friends not to patronize Bell's J.if-." Wo thought the dark nges had given pince to au intellectual era; but here is a monstrosity evi- dently boru some centuries liehind bis time. \\\\\; are charitable, nnd would willingly drain a bumper to his reformation in anything but of his own manufacturing. BURGLARY PREVENTFT*.-About 2 o.m. on Thursday last. Mr. and Mrs John Smith were . snug in bed and snoring, in their habitation in Castlerengb-street, when some villain, big with evil intent, and who probablv had some design upon the Smith's jeweller)", &c;, set to work n i.i Jack Sheppard. The burglar had succeeded in opening thc Venetian blinds, and had raiied tho .jj window, when Mrs Smith aroused, and screamed. ; j This woke Mr. Smith, and also brought thu -'¿f rascal to his rinses, for he ran off with-tit srjf ^ much us wishing "good night" to the happy "_..^¡ pair whose dreams of" bliss he had so ruthlessly ' disturbed. COURT or QUARTER SESSIONS.-This Court: was opened at Darlinghurst on Monday, heforo the Chairman nnd li. Huntley, Esq., J P, with n, calendar of fifty prisoners to be disposed of. The cases presented no features of general inte- rest, consisting for the most part of petty offences. many of which might have bren sum- marily disposed of by the committing Justices. YKSTERI'AV'S GAZETTE.-His Excellency tba Governor-General has been pleased to appoint; Joseph Docker, Esq , of Scone, to be a Commis- sioner of Crown Lands, in and for the Policu districts of Scone and Murrumbidgee.-Messrs James Buchanan and John Debenham to ba Licensed Survey, rs. on terms of the notice 20th March. 1S-ÍS.-"-Mr. James Wilson, to be Clerk of Petty Sessions, Tw- fold Bay.-Mr. Ewbank Ixmgh." nnd Mr. James Harden, both of Sydney, to be Licensed Shipping Masters. WARXAT.UA.-I am informed by the Calandoont postman that a woman has been murdered by the blacks on Jones's Uiver. She is the wife oC a shepherd iu the employment of Messrs. Easton and Eobertson ; b-ilh arc Germans. They hav* only one little boy, who fortunately had gone out" with his father after the sheep that day, or in all probability he would have shared the Mm» fate as his unfortunate mother. I believe her skull was entirely beaten in. Th«e wages thirst for blood, and it is to be regretted so many of theta escape detection. - tor. Maitland Mer t' rt', Aug. 10. Pr::.: OVFICE.-We heard a capital anec : ; i . i.th;c day tl.a: is worth retailing. Solo- mon lllavo was. a fow years since, the Jack Ketch nt lüchniond, V. D. Land, and filled his hi/jh situation to the satisfaction of all, but those ht. ton- him. Being sent for on a certain occasion to perform the duty of Public Flagelator, and administer no strokes of the cot on the bare buff of a fellow creature, he refused, on the grounds of Ids heart beiug of too feline a nature. " I etin't disgtace myself," said he " to go out a flogging-I'm a hang-man !" 