W&tittic;&. A credulous peasant went to the clergyman of his parish, and told him, with symptoms of great consternation, that he had seen a ghost, ' Where did you see it ?' ' Why,' said Doggery, ' as I war going, an' please your reverence, by the Church J.1JJUU Up ilgtWUSl, WIG wall -»? aocii fciio ££iivjau. ill what shape did it appear' 'For all the world like a great donkey.' ' Go home and hold your tongue,' replied the clergyman ; 'you are a timid creature, and have been frightened at your own shadow.' Progress of Education — It is gravely stated that a servant maid in a small town in Hertforshire lately left her situation in consequence of her being incapable of ' reconciling her feeling to the very bad grammar spoken by her mistress.' Dr. South, the celebrated divine, was a man of great learning and virtue. He relieved himself of his clerical duties one summer, by travelling rather incog. He went. into a country church in the north of England one Sabbath morning, and heard the rector read a sermon. Incoming from the churcii, the rector suspected him to be a irember of the ministry, and spoke to him. He received the rector's courtesies, and thanked him for the very edifying sermon he had preached, suggesting that it must have been the result of a good deal of labour. ' Oh, no,' said the rector we turn off these things rapidly. On Friday afternoon, and Saturday morning, I produced this discourse.' ' Is that possible, sir ?' said Dr. South ; it toon me three weeks to write that very sermon.' ?' Your name is not Dr. South-?' said the rector. ' It is, sir,',' said Dr. South.- ,.' Then,' said the rector, 'I, have only to say, that I am not ashamed to preach Dr. South's sermons anywhere.' It is stated in one- part of the Maine Laws, that (i the inspectors shall see that no liquor is sold.' It is said— but we suppose only a joke — that the good citizens of Newport have dodged the operation of that clause,, by electing, four blind men as in spectors J ee Is there any danger from the boa constrictor ? ?' asked a visitor to the Zoological Gardens a few days since. ' Not the least, sir : he never bites, he swallows his victuals whole:' Pet Rats. — I was astonished, on visiting the houses of some of the inhabitants, to see a huge rat walking quietly about the room, and crawling ?up the masters- legs in a cool, familiar manner. Instead of repulsing it, or evincing any alarm; he took it up in his hands and caressed it ; and then I learned for the first time, and to my utter aston ishment, that it was-a custom^ prevalent in Bang kop to keep pet rats, which are taken very young and carefully reared, till they attain a perfectly .monstrous size from good and; plentiful feeding. These domestic rats are kept expressly to free the house- of ?other vermin of their own race, and- so ferocious-are. they in the onslaught they make that few of the houses we ever annoyed by mice or rats. Why is the rudder' of a steamboat like a public hangman ? Because it l;as a stern duty to per form. ? ? PUEYALING S'YJtATOJlS AT Two GREAT CAPITALS. — In Paris, hydrophobia is 'all the rage.' In London, emigration is ''all the go.' Tni3 Sbat of Folly.— A seat in the balloon. For particulars^, ask the Greens, who have been up. A dentist presented' a1 hill for the- tenth time to a riclrskin-fl:nt. 'It strikes me,' said the latter, ' that this is a pretty round bill.'' ' Yes,' replied the dentist, 'I have sent it round often enough to make it appear so ; and I have culled now to get it sqared; Which 'travels- at the' greatest speed', heat or cold ? Heat ; because you can easly catch cold. Nature and Art.— A lecturer, addressing a Hampshire audience^ contended, with tiresome prolixity, that Art could not improve Nature ; ?until one of his hearers, losing all patience, set the room in a roar by exclaiming ' How would -you look without your wig ??'' There was a rule in an old debating society, which might be advantageously recommended to some public bodies— 'Tli.it any gentleman wishing to speak the whole evening should have a room to himself.' .. ' ?*?' Henry my lore, I wish you would throw away that book and talk with me, I fell so dull.' (A long interum and no reply). 'Oh Henry my fo t is asleep.' ' Is it ? Well, don't talk, dear, you might wake it.'' tRIVATB Pkess.— A lady remarked to a printer the other day, that although he might print a kiss he must never publish it. A Wrong Gukss. — A physician going down Regent street with h friend of his, said to him, ' let us avoid that pretty little woman you see there on the left, slip Knows me, and casts on me looks of indignation ; I attended her husband.'1 'Ah, I understand, yon had the misfortune!© despatch him.' 'On the contrary,' replied the doctor. 'I saved. him.' Friend Grace had a very good horse and a very poor one. When seen riding the hitter, he was ' asked the reason :it turned out that his better half had taken tho good one. ' What !' said the bantering bachelor, ' how comes it you let your mistress ride the better horse ?' The only reply was, 'Friend, when thee b'est married thee''t know.' * Jony, is my coffee hot?' 'Not yet massa — me spit in him and he no sizzle1' Dirty Judge.-— A .Welsh Judge, celebrated as si suitor for all sorts of places, and his neglect ot personal cleanliness, was thus addressed by Mr. I Jekyll, 'Asgyou have asked the ministers for j everything else, why have, you never asked them ' for a piece of. soap and a nail brush?' ! Human Evergreens. — Some singers appear to be always young, the Italians in particular. Not long ago, a gentleman who goes very seldom to the Opera, but who possesses an excellent memory; said to Madame Grisi, ' It is astonishing how like you are to your mother.1' 'You knew my mother ?' inquiringly remarked the lady. l- Cer tiinly ; I perfectly recollect hearing her in Paris in 1832, when she played in Norma.' ' But, sir, it was I whom you heard !' ' Oh, that is indeed a joke!' This gentleman would never believe that the Grisi of our day was the Grisi of 1832; and he carried his gallantry so far as to get positively out of temper about the reality which he treated as a mystification. We like fat people — good, jolly, laughing, broad visaged, honest, fat-peop!e. We love fat women, fat boys, fat babies, fat purses, fat lists of subscri bers, fat jobs, fat advertisers, fat everything* Fat ness is a big sign of health. Fat men are never treacherous — fat women are never sharp tongned — /'at babies are always good. In fine, fat people, are always the kindest, and therefore the most popular. Commend us to fat people. Old- Maths not Allowed. — There is a place in New Hampshire where they have never seen any old maids. When a girl reaches twenty-nine, and is still on the ladder- of expectation, the young fellows club together, and draw lots for her. Those who escape pay a bonus to the one who gets her. A clergyman, who was consoling a young widow on the death of her husband, spokein a very serious tone, remarking ' that he was one of a few — such a jewel of a Christian. You can not find his equal you well know.' To which the fair one replied, with an almost broken heart, 'I'lll bet I will!'' Origin of Coroner's Inquests. — The Coroner's inquest is said' to have originated in the following manner :— A gentlewoman in London having buried six husbands, found a suitor hardy enough to make her a wife once more. For several months their happiness was mutual, a circumstance which seemed to pay no great compliment to her former husbands, who had disgusted her, she said, with their drunkeness and infidelity. With a view of ascertaining' the real character of his mate, the gentleman- began to abscent himself, and return at late hours in a state of apparent intoxication. Reproaches at first, and mena'es in successsion, were the effects of his conduct. One evening, when she thought him senseless or asleep, she unsewed a leaden weight from a fold in her gown, and having melted it, approached her husband to pour it into his ear. Convinced of her wickedness, the gentle man started up, seized her, and having procured assistance, confined her till morning, when she was carried before a magistrate, and committed to prison. The bodies of her six husbands were dug up, and as marks of violence were discernible upon the whole of them, she was brought to trial and convicted of murder. To these circumstances we are. indebted for a most useful institution. A Lettrr from California, says, one can hardly get through a fever for less than one thousand dollars. Other luxuries of the kind in proportion. 'Bob, where is the state of matrimony?' 'It is one of of the united States.- It is bounded by 'hugging and kissing on side, and cradles and babies on the other. Its chief products are popu lation, broomsticks, out o' nights. It was dis covered by Adam and Eve; while trying to find a north-west passage out of Paradise. The climate is rather sultry, till you pass the tropics of house keeping. Then squally weather commonly setsi in with sufficient power to keep all hands as cool as cucumbers. For the principal roads leading to this interesting state, consult the first- pair of blue eyes you run against.' Somebody very wickedly says, two blooming young ladies got caught out in a shower' of rain and washed the very colour out of their cheeks ! — What a pity ! — Many people-' drop1 a tear at the sight ofdis tress who would do better to drop a sixpence. Woman. ' The Morning Star of our youth ; the Day Star of our manhood ; the Evening Star of our age ! God bless our stars ! Expeiueental Piiir-oso]'iiT. Asking a young lady to' marry you. Natural Philosophy— -looking indifferent and saying you were only in fun when she refuses you. Ic is said that printed declarations, with blank forms, are to be used by young ladiea who have lovers too bashful to propose. The ladies them ae' ves fill out blanks, and of course no sensible ra&3X- can refuse signing them. ' It is very curiou3,' said an old gentleman to his friend, ' That a watch should be perfectly dry when it has a running spring inside.' ' What is the best' thing for a violent cold?' asked a person suffering under a severe catarrh, ot a friend. 'About four pocket-handkerchiefs per day,' was the prompt reply. Definition of ''No Where.' A place where no Yankee everhas been, and never will be. A thirsty elector, at an inn, shouted, ' Waiter, bring me some bitter beer!' ' We can bring you a bit o' bread,' said the waiter, 'but not a bit o' lieer.' Shocking Death —Soinu men enipiuytu) at a soap boiler's in the Rue Rii-ord at Marseilles, perceived a few days back some bone* and afterwards ?4OHIO female attire ascend to the surface as they uined up the boiling' matter. The clothes waB at onco recognised to have been seen on the sister of the foreman, who bad disappeared since thp morning. Notice was given to the commissary of police, who bad the boiler cleared out, and the rest of the re mains of deceased collected for burial. The flvsh had completely disappeared, having been boiled down by the action of the heat with the exception of the liver, w--ich still remained entire. The bones had been in so i e degree eaten into by tho boiling matter and | th - alkali. It is supposed that deceased had thrown I herself into the boiler in the morning early, during I the absence of the workmen,— Galignam's Mes | senger, 