DOMESTIC Ni'.WS. Fire.—On Saturday morning, the re sidence of Mrs Petchey, of Highercombe, known ' a" 'he H nnitage, was completely destroyed bv fire. The fl imes broke out soon j after midnight, but, providentially, the in- ! mates escaped without injury. Mrs Peachey | and two of her children were stopping in Ade laide at the time. A considerable qnantity of property was consumed. Robbery at the City "Bridge Hotel. —On the night of the 30th ultimo, about 9 o'clock, a robberv was committed at the City Bridge Hotel under the following circum stances:—It. seems that Mr James, the new landlord of the hotel, having a sum of about 601\. in the house, placed it for security in an upper room, u^der the bed. It will he in the r c dlection of our readers that, about a month ago, a fire broke out on the premises; since then, a ladd- r which W"s at the time tdaced outside the house, reaching to the win dow, has. he^n suffered to remain, and on Monday night, it is «u»po«ed that some persons who had an inkling of the whereabouts of Mr James's deposit, got into the room by means of the ladder and "annexed" the monev, a« it was go e when Mr James went to look after it. The thieves have not been at present apprehended. Ordination.—On Sunday Bishop Short held an Ordination at Trinity Church, when the Rev. J. B Titherington was admitted to Beacon's orders. The sermon was preached by the Rev. W. J Woodcock from Acts 20, verse 23.—" Take heed therefore unto your selves, and to all the flock over the which the Holy Ghost has made vou overseers, to feed the Church of God, which he has purchased with his own blood." Mr Titherington for merly officiated as a Baptist Minister in South Australia. ATTEMPTED BURGLARY.— Some thieves endeavoured on Friday night to break into and Pirie-streets. Mr Beyer hearing a noise in front, ran into the shop, and saw that one of the shutters had been removed. He threw a glass bottle through the window, and then opened the door, but the robbers had de camped. The next morning spots of blood were seen in the neighbourhood of the spot where the bottle fell, showing that the villians did not escape altogether unscathed. Pocket-Picking.—John Edwards, a well-known " professional," was apprehended last night by the Police, on a chargeof ricking a woman's pocket on the Race Course last week. It seems, from the statement of the girl, that she, whose natne is Margare' Finlav. and who resides at the back of Mr McFadyen's H:.lf- Way-House, with her sister and a female neighbour, went into the Billy Barlow Booth, and while there stood up on a sear, to avoid the pressurfe of the crowd, which had assembled to witness f me dancing which was going on. A man pushed against her; and when she left the booth, she discovered that two purses, containing 19", and a gold ring which she had in her pocket, had been stolen from her On finding she had been robbed, the female who was in her company exclaimed, " Oh, it was that man with the funny nose; I found his hand in my pocket. She subsequently met the man on the Course, and charged him with the robbery, telling him a female could prove that he committed it. Sh-* ran away to look after the woman, but the man followed her, and offered to give her all the money she had lost, rather than be put to the trouble and expense of defending such a charge. The girl took the money, and the man went away. She afterwards recollect -d that she had also lost the ring; and accordingly gave information to the Police yesterday of the robbery. From her description of the man, Edwards was apprehended last night, at his own house in North Adelaide. He is the same individual who was held to hail, a few weeks back, to take his trial for robbing a man atBendigo, wiih which he was charged by Sergeant Hodding, of the Melbourne Police, 