PUBLIC MEETING. In accordance with the advertisement in Iast Saturday's Free Press a public meeting of the in- habitants of Bathurst took place in the Court House on Tuesday evening last, to discuss the necessity of an alteration in the present mode of carrying the mails, and to give some expression of public feeling in reference to the frequency of severe and occasionally fatal accidents from the upsetting of coaches. For the information of our country readers it may be necessary to explain that stimulated by the recent melancholy death of Mr. Thomas Fitzpatrick to the prosecution of certain enquiries, many shrewd and sensible men arrived at the conclusion that mail contracts as now conducted become a palpable monopoly, productive of serious evils, and that the system was capable of great improvement. Hence the meeting. By 8 o'clock from 300 to 400 persons, comprising a considerable intermixture of the respectable and influential portion of the com- munity, had assembled together, and the pro- ceedings opened by the election of G. F. Wise Esq., J.P. to the chair. Mr. Wise briefly adverted to the object of the meeting and the numerous accidents, which un- der the present system, appeared to render a reform indispensably necessary, in order, if pos- sible, to prevent their recurrence. He concluded by calling upon Mr. S. Samuel J.P., to move the first resolution. Mr. Samuel said he rose to move the first, resolution. The [present system of the mails had] sent a young man to a premature grave, following in the wake of so many others of a similar cha- racter, painfully impressed him with the desirable- ness of some important change in the mode of managing and carrying out the mail contracts. That the system in itself was destructive to human life he thought no man conversant with the past history of the internal communication of these districts could doubt. It was the duty of a good government to provide for the safety of the persons as well as the property of the people whose affairs it administered. How abominably this duty had been neglected in the present in- stance by suffering one of the most dangerous points in the mountains to remain unfenced and insecure was but too fearfully palpable. In fact by its neglect the government was unquestion- ably aiding in the destruction of human life. The mail in his opinion ought not to carry passengers, and the longer and more closely he considered the subject the stronger became his conviction on this point. The numerous evils in the shape of accidents, loss of life, irregularity in the ar- rival of the mails required competition for their removal; but so long as the contractor was allowed to carry passengers, competition was simply an impossibility. Hence the mails and passenger traffic became an absolute monopoly, and the public were the losers and the sufferers. The repeated accidents which had taken place within the last few years were calculated to do the district a serious injury, by deter- ring people from visiting it. A case had come to his knowledge in which a party leaving Bathurst for Sydney paid an enormous price for a horse rather than subject his neck to the jeopar- dy of a journey by the mail coach. In dealing with this question he did not intend to reflect upon individuals — he raised his voice against the mis- government which had connived at a method of internal communication which was a disgrace to the country and the age. Thousands of pounds had been voted away in expediting our intercourse with the mother country, whilst literally nothing had been done to quicken the communication with the interior. This was a question of deep interest to the community at large. Sydney depended for its very existence upon the interior, and nothing would tend so directly and in equal degree to pro- mote and improve the intercourse of these colo- nies with England and foreign countries as a removal of the difficulties in the way of internal communication. He repeated that he objected to the carriage of passengers by the mail. The sys- item usually pursued about the time of tendering for the contracts was, for three or four persons to put their heads together and work the matter to their own individual advantage. Public interests were never thought of, public convenience was not considered at all. The thing resolved itself into a monoply and a job, at the expense of the country. One argument used in defence of the present system was that the passengers were a protection to the mail, but in his way of thinking the government had no right to expect services for which it did not pay. The police was the natural protection in such cases, and the people who had to pay for it would never grudge the ad- ditional cost entailed in securing for themselves the blessings of a regular and speedy correspond- ence with the Metropolis. Mr. Samuel concluded by reading the subjoined resolution. "This Meeting is of opinion that the present mode of conducting the mails — namely, by permitting passenger traffic to be connected therewith is injurious to the pub- lic interests and hazardous, and has been destructive to human life ; and therefore earnestly recommend that in future mail contractors shall be debarred from carrying passengers." Mr. Tress seconded the resolution. Mr. Heathorn J. P. did not intend moving an amendment to the resolution just read, but would suggest that it might be advantageously modified. In his opinion it was not so much that the system was bad, as that it was badly carried out. The speaker here gave a little of his personal experi- ence, and related how on a dark night, without lights, on some former occasion the coachman of the upward mail, drove neck or nothing down Lapstone Hill to the imminent danger of every traveller's bodily safety, and to his individual dis- composure. Bad horses, bad harness, indescri- bable coaches, reckless drivers and miserable roads formed a sum total which was capable of improvement. But the government was not to blame in the matter. Why he would ask did they not govern themselves, repair their own roads and remove other obstacles to secure and rapid transit between Bathurst and the metropolis? Mr. Samuel replied, remarking that as the present system became a virtual monopoly in the hands of the contractor, it must be and evidently was opposed to the interests of the public. His selfishness was culled into operation, and a much greater anxiety was manifested above the passen- ger department, pecuniarily speaking than about the punctual arrival of the mails. (hear, hear). News had just arrived that instead of daily com- munication, they were to be favoured in future with a mail every second day (disapproval). Our gold was sending us in the wrong direction. In- stead of advancing we were retrograding. Only think of 16,000 miles of ocean traversed in 60 days, whilst an inland road to one of the leading towns of the Colony of 120 miles in length, re- quired two days' travel for the most important news? Surely they would not sit down quietly with such treatment. He was not disposed to fawn upon or play the sycophant to government, and was ever ready to raise his voice in complaint or remonstrance when he felt his own and the general welfare at stake (approval.) He must again state that the dangerous pass at Mount Victoria ought long since to have been fenced in, and that after so dreadful a reminder of in duty as was afforded in the case of Mr. Fitzpatrick, the government would be fairly responsible for any future deaths or accidents which may happen under similar circumstances. ( Hear, hear.) After a few remarks from Mr. Heathorn and a desultory conversation a verbal alteration was agreed upon. Mr. Boyles wished to say a few words before the resolution was formally put. The conduct of the mails had latterly been so gross that a man might almost with equal safety trust himself before a bullet as his life in one of the coaches. The contractors appeared not to care a fig for the convenience or the comfort of their passengers, once the fares were pocketed. The sacredness of human life was a farce it would appear in their estimation. People were huddled into a nondes- cript vehicle dignified by the name of a coach, drawn by half starved jaded horses, and driven by headlong, reckless drivers. Serious accidents were almost of weekly occurrence, and death was not infrequent, both which might with a little care be avoided. The government was bound in his opinion to secure us from accidents as far as pos- sible, and as it formed no part of the duty of mail contractors to repair roods or fence in de- clivities or dangerous passes, it was clear that in too many cases that duty was completely neg- lected. Some remedy was imperatively required to meet the imperfection of the present system. He had no personal ill-feeling towards the mail coach proprietors, and was ready to admit that Mr. Rotton's portion of the contract had been as well performed as under the circumstances could be well expected. But from Penrith to Hartley the mismanagement was abominable and called for public interference. The conduct of the drivers was some times outrageous— yes even execrable, and he trusted something would be done to remedy the nuisance. The resolution was then put to the meeting and carried unanimously. Mr. Cutcliffe said in rising to propose the 2nd. resolution that it gave him a melancholy plea- sure to see around him so many of the inhabi- tants, although at 7 o'clock, the time at which the meeting was called so few were present that he had fears for the reputation of Bathurst. However, such an assemblage gave evidence of the unanimous sympathy which they all felt at the mournful occasion which had brought them together, and that they all regretted the untime- ly end of one who was so universally respected and beloved by all his fellow-townsmen, and although, he (Mr. C.) had not personally any ac- quaintance with him, yet respect and good opi- nion was universal, and though now absent in the body he might by some to us an unintelligible means be cognizant of the proceedings of his friends at this moment, but be that as it may, it must be a consolation to his surviving friends to know of the determination of this meeting to take steps immediately for the purpose of thoroughly investigating the cause of the late mishap. Mr. C. denounced in very strong terms the present mode of conveying the mails, instanced the case which occurred about 4 months ago at Penrith of the mail upsetting with 16 passengers inside, and also the accident at the time of the last Quarter Sessions when a Clergyman's spine was very much injured, at the same time he agreed with Mr. Boyle in thinking that the portion of road horsed by Mr. Rotton deserved praise, whilst the horses or rather ghosts of horses em- ployed on the other parts were a disgrace to those who worked them. He earnestly urged upon the meeting the necessity of action and hoped that they would not as he regretted to say too frequently happened in Bathurst, content themselves with giving vent to their feelings in speeches and appointments of a committee, but push the matter forward to an issue. He con- cluded by trusting that the committee whom he was about to propose would be a sufficient guarantee of exertion. The resolution proposed was — "That the following Gentlemen be appointed a Commit- tee to frame a Memorial to the Government recommend- ing that the objects of the previous resolution be carried out — Messrs. Samuel, Syer, Heathorn, Wise, Gordon, Farrand, Cutcliffe." Mr. Wadeson seconded the motion, and in doing so remarked that he perfectly coincided with the views of the previous speakers. Carried nem. con. Mr. Gordon : Although perhaps a little out of order, he desired to make a remark or two upon a question in which all were interested. He per- fectly concurred in the necessity of a reform in the mode of conducting the mails, but was de- cidedly of opinion that the present movement would be utterly unsuccessful. The contracts for the ensuing year had already been entered into, and could not be set aside. Mr. Heathorn had just told the meeting that government were not to blame for the irregularity and the numerous accidents attending the management of the mails. For 12 years he had been a resident of the colony, and had not been an inattentive observer of pas- sing events, and the conclusion at which he had arrived was that a more inefficient government than we were cursed with could not well be imagined. Bathurst was a very important dis- trict and contributed a large share towards the general revenue. But how much he would ask had this most blameless of all governments con- tributed to its prosperity ? Our gold police which had very little to do cost £40,000. The ordinary police were supported at an expense, and its active services were almost con- fined to the occasional apprehension of a drunken old woman. Mr. Gordon here instituted a com- parison between the number of police maintained in Bathurst, as compared with its population and the complement employed in his native city of Montrose, showing that whilst the peace was kept and life and property protected by one policeman to 600 souIs at the latter place, here we required one and a quarter constable to 65 souls. Surely we must be a very bad lot (laughter). Again a revenue of £300,000 was raised from Spirits. The people were thus permitted by law to get drunk and were after- wards punished for drunkenness. Something rather absurd in this. And now for the public roads — what was expended upon them ? — The magnificent sum of £10,250 ! The Chairman here rose and called Mr. Gor- don's attention to the object of the meeting, which he said had been called in consequence of the numerous coach accidents and with a view of ascertaining whether something could not be done to prevent their recurrence. Mr. Gordon read the following motion — That this meeting consider that the Governor General and his Executive Council, in neglecting to see that the public roads of the Colony are kept in a proper state of repair, so as to facilitate free, safe, and easy com- munication to and fro between the Metropolis and the more densely peopled parts of the Interior, neglect one of the most important functions of good Government, and are therefore not only highly censurable, but are alto- gether unworthy the confidence or respect of that com- munity for whose benefit they are supposed to hold their situations, and from whose purse they are paid. Mr. Samuel pointed out the necessity of unan- imity which he felt convinced could not be secur- ed if Mr. Gordon pressed his motion. The meeting had a specific object in view, and as sensible men were bound to confine themselves as nearly as possible to its consideration. When he believed the government wrong he would openly express his disapproval, but was not prepared to go the length of a sweeping denunciation. When contrasted with other colonial government ours certainly appeared respectable. He con- cluded by expressing a hope that Mr. Gordon would withdraw his amendment. Mr. Gordon replied, and expressed his deter- mination to abide by the decision of the meeting. He felt strongly upon the case, because he believed that human life was sacrificed, human limbs im- perilled and the prosperity of the District retarded by bad government. Mr. Parker was of opinion that if a vote of censure such as was embodied in Mr. Gordon's resolution, was passed upon the government, it would have the effect of stirring it up against us, and the meeting instead of benefiting us would do us an injury. The first resolution embraced what was necessary, and to go further would be to commit ourselves. Taken as a whole our go- vernment worked well, due allowance being made for human imperfections. Mr. Heathorn was aware of the arduous task which a government undertook which had the controul of such vast and varied interests as were comprised in a country like this, and to convince those who were endlessly carping and fault finding of the fact, he would like for a short time to see them invested with the troubles and responsibili- ties of government. After some further discussion the motion was withdrawn. The business of the meeting being concluded Mr. Heathorn was voted into the chair, and a vote of thanks carried by acclamation to Mr. Wise who briefly expressed his acknowledgements. TWICE ROBBED.— Francis Rees was brought before the court on the 25th, inst., under the fol- lowing circumstances. William Carey deposed that he arrived in Bathurst on the day previous and put up at Mr. Bonnor's. He had at this time £9 in his pocket in pound notes. Scarcely had he entered the place before the prisoner Reeves conceived a sudden affection for him, drank his grog and discoursed with him upon sundry mat- ters with a good deal of sang froid. By and by the cockles of prosecutor's heart began to open, and when suspicion of any man's dishonesty was about the last sentiment of his nature, his money by some means or other effected a transference into somebody else's pocket Under these cir- cumstances Carey appealed to Mr. Bonner, Rees was accused, and to square the matter he "turned up" £8 upon promise of £1 being spent in li- quor. Hereupon Carey and Rees were once more friends, drunk together, sang together, and and wilst together somebody's hand found its way into the pocket of Carey and the money once again walked. Here he confessed that he was so much the worse for liquor that he remembered nothing further than a reply from his friend Rees to a question that his money was all right. The priso- ner was committed for trial. SHARP MAGISTERIAL PRACTICE— It's a word and a blow with our Police Magistrate, who certainly makes the most of what power the law allows him. The following is a case in point. On Tuesday last a team of bullocks belonging to a person named George Brunt happened to have twisted themselves in a slanting direction in the street in such a manner as to impede the pro- gress of his Worship's horse and gig, unless his Worship chose to adventure his personal safety in a leap over the ugly creek which bounds Mr Dunsford's shop on the west. A couple of police, were hastily summoned into the presence, and Brunt who was trying to bring about an agreement between his head and one of Mr. Meillon's hats, was marched up to the court, when his Worship adjudged him guilty of obstructing the public streets, and fined him in the sum of 10s. FURIOUS RIDING. — Thomas Dawson was charged on Thursday last with galloping at Tam o' Shanter pace up the new line of road and discomposing D. C. Waller's nerves to such a degree that he was near thinking himself ridden over. He was found guilty and fined in the sum of £10. OBSCENE LANGUAGE.—John Duggan was found guilty on Saturday last of using highly indecent language in the public streets, and was sentenc- ed to 7 days' imprisonment in Bathurst gaol. INDECENT EXPOSURE.— Owen. Parslowe was brought up on Wednesday last and fined in the sum of 10s for indecently exposing his person in the public street. OBSCENE LANGUAGE — Edward Ryan was found guilty on Wednesday last of uttering ob- scene language and fined in the sum of 5s. ABUSIVE LANGUAGE.— Edward Waltham ap- peared before the bench of Magistrates on Wed- nesday last to answer the charge of abusive and provoking language which was preferred by Mr. George Blackman. Mr. Serjeant appeared for Waltham, from whose defence it appeared that he together with, his wife and a little, child had been occupying a kitchen belonging to the plain- tiff rent-free in consideration of defendant's taking care of the premises, and that some time since plaintiff gave him notice to quit. This de- fendant promised to do as early as he could, and immediately set about enquiring for a house. On his return home however a few evenings subse- quently he found, that Mr. Blackman had un- roofed the kitchen and left his wife and child exposed to the elements, with the object as ap- peared of expelling them. Shortly afterwards defendant met him in Kelso and according to his evidence abused him pretty liberally, calling him "a no-man scoundrel," and intimating an ardent desire to punch his head. Mr. Serjeant urged with considerable vehemence provoca- tion sustained by defendant, and asserted broadly that had the case been his he should have done likewise. As no course presented itself but to find Waltham guilty, he was fined in the trifling penalty of 10s., the plaintiff being left to pay his own costs. A BIT OF A MAGISTERIAL BREEZE. — A trifle or so of a scene took place on Thursday last be- tween Major Wentworth P.M. and Henry Hea- thorn Esq. J.P. It appears that a bench had been specially summoned to discuss some matter or other on the day in question, when the weak point of our P.M's nature was as usual violently agitated by a charge of furious riding preferred against a publican of Bathurst named Hanly, and according to custom invariable, he was pro- ceeding to fine in the highest penalty of £10 without consulting his brother magisirates of whom there were four present, when Mr. Heathorn signified his desire to take part in the proceedings, with a view as we understand of fining in a smaller amount, but was somewhat tartly snubbed by the remark from our local Governor, that as he had jurisdiction in the case his (Mr. Heathorn's) assistance was not required. Treatment such as this was not to be brooked by a veteran J.P. who forthwith taxed the P.M. with discourtesy, and at it they went "ham- mer and tongs." For the sake of appearances the court was cleared in half no-time, and the disputants left to conclude a wordy war in the presence of gentlemen of the cloth only. The Major however was pertinacious and the £10 fine was enforced. Two of the magistrates we are informed expressed an opinion that as the case had been initiated before Mr. Heathorn's arrival the Major had shewn no discourtesy in refusing the counsel and assistance of a brother magis- trate, whilst the third either had no opinion in the matter or did not choose to express it. In this position the matter at present stands, but it is whispered that something more will come of it. TOWN PROPERTY.— We understand that in ad- dition to his former purchases of town property, Mr. Shorthill has become the proprietor of Mr. Woodgate's house and ground, at the corner of Keppel and Stewart-streets, for £500. POULTRY SNEAKING. — An Aboriginal who goes by the name of Jackey Watkins was placed before the Police Magistrate on Wednesday last for having first killed and afterwards appropriated a goose belonging to another party. He was found guilty and sentenced to two months imprison- ment. CRICKET.— A rumour has been afloat in town for the past 10 or 12 days of an intention on the part of the Turonites to publicly challenge the Bathurstonians to a grand cricket match for an important consideration, but as nothing definite has transpired it is supposed by the leading mem- bers of our club to be nothing but vapour vox et fraterea nihil. SERGEANT GILES.— A Correspondent from Ophir writes— " We have to regret the departure from amongst us of Sergeant Giles who has been appointed to the office of Sergeant Major of the Turon Police. An integral part of the first po- lice corps which was enrolled for the protection of life and property, and the maintenance of the laws at Ophir, the worthy sergeant has since remained amongst us, and has so conducted himself, as to secure the good opinion of the re- sidents of this place generally. It was inten- ded by the Ophir diggers to present him with a substantial token of their esteem, but the suddeness of his removal rendered this impracticable. Steps will however betaken at an early oppor- tunity towards raising a subscription for a testi- monial to be forwarded to him on his new field of action. The best wishes of the Ophirites for the well — being of himself and family follow him to his new appointment. 