«'UNLOCK THE LANDS." (From the Melbourne Argus, 12th April.) IT is often alleged against us that in spite of all the pains we may be at in the endeavour to reform abuses, we do not favour the Government with any new suggestions that we condemn, in fact, instead of advising and that if we limited ourselves to counsel instead of resorting to censure, many a useful hint would be given, and doubtless also acted upon. The principal answer that we have to this objection is, that it is not true. It may be a convenient mode of excusing the short-comings of a Government to say, " All this is mere abuse: there is no advice given, no course indicated, no remedy suggested for the evils complained of." But convenient as such excuses may be, they are false in point of fact, and therefore they are not worthy of much attention. There is scarcely a single issue of our Journal which does not seem with suggestions ; scarcely a street accident reported without a few words of counsel for avoiding its recurrence; scarcely a Police- office case detailed without some suggestion being made for the checking of the offence committed, or the due detection and punishment of similar offenders. It is because advice is habitually neglected, and the evil allowed to run its course unchecked and uncared-for, that we find ourselves constrained to censure and condemn. It is because nepotism and jobbery pervade the arrangements of almost every office, and the example of negligence and incompetency at the head finds diligent imitators in almost every department, that we feel that advice is useless, and that we begin to speak in the terms of bitter contempt which every honest heart can (eel. A Government like ours is not a thing to be advised. It repudiated' in distinct terms the advice or those to whom it is constitutionally bound to listen, the representatives of the people assembled in the Legislature ! How much less, then is it likely to listen to the vain repetitions of a poor little newspaper, which has few other advantages than that of appealing to almost every intelligent man in Victoria? Some men may, indeed, and do cheerfully avail themselves of any suggestion thrown out in a sincere spirit, and with no possible object but the public welfare. A hint lately appeared in our columns, for instance, that the public was kept in a constant state of ferment by reported arrivals of steamers, in consequence of private signals at the flag-staff being hoisted at the steamer end of the yard-arm. That very morning a change was made the schooner halyards are used for this purpose for the present and since then, people have found some other amusement than running about the streets circulating incessant reports of the arrival of the Adelaide. A hint appeared, of the inconvenience to which the public was exposed by the early-closing of the Banks on Saturdays. The very next Saturday, notice was given that our: leading local Bank would extend its hours- of attendance, an example which its brethren will doubtless find it expedient to follow. With the whole body of the supporters of public institutions, the pro yesterdays public meetings, public lectures, con- certs, and other amusements, the advice which the Pre is may give is not only gladly sought but gra fully. acknowledged, and usually acted upon. Then are the people to advise. Advice u lost t upon a Government blundering along in all the stubbornness of a dull stolidity; blind to what is going on around it reckless of con- sequences to its people, so that it keeps upon terms with the Grey, or Pakington, or Newcastle or Smith, or Brown, or Jones, whom a political juggle may for a few months make the master of their fortunes. Such a Government, league as it is with the squatter against the progress of the nation league as it is with the Tasmanian felon against the security of its own subjects; leagued with Satin himself against the sobriety, peacefulness, and innocence of the Colonists, is not a thing, we repeat, to ne advised. It is a thing to be kicked, and buffeted, and spat upon; as a contemptible mockery of a Government ; as an organisa- tion which has failed in the chiefest of its objects ; as a traitorous combination which obtains money under false pretenses, by receiving pay for the negligent and scandalous shirking of its duties. Let us for once, however, suppose that this miserable ghost and pretence of a government were a thing upon which advice would not be wasted, and let us see how we should recommend it to meet the present universal cry of " Unlock the lands." The Whole question of the issue of the leases to the squatters, and the Orders in Council authorising them, has been referred home; accompanied, no doubt, with Reams upon reams of the hypocritical summer, the concoction of which appears to be considered nearly the sole duty of a colonial Governor. With the usual tardiness and unwieldiness which form so material an element in our much-wanted in con situation," a very long time will elapse before anything final will be decided as to the main question. Meantime here is a vast crowd of people crying more and more urgently for land and the sullen withholding of that land is productive of evils which, to any really conscientious lover of his species, are of the most horrifying character. is this vast and constantly increasing crowd to continue its cry, unheard? Is the unlocking of the lands to be deferred till the people are driven by sheer disgust, to save their to called rulers any further trouble, by deciding upon a " rape of the lock " at once? We say No, to both these propositions We take our stand upon that section of the Orders in Council to which we have so often referred, and which provides that nothing in the regulations shall interfere with the occupation of the land fit for any purpose of public defence, safety, improvement, convenience utility, and enjoyment," or prevent the Governor is from making grants or sales of any lands for public purposes or for otherwise facilitating the improvements and settlement of the colony." Upon this clause we take our stand, and we advise this precious Government that, without waiting for the settlement of the main question, it forthwith proceed to " unlock " so much of the land, at all events, as shall keep the people quiet, and do something to supply some portion of the very urgent wants of the community. Without attempting to rob off a very simple requirement with any nonsensical reference to reserves at the Wimmera, or the farther end of Gipps's Land, the top of the Snowy Mountains, or the middle of the Mallee scrub, we advise our shadowy mockery of an Executive to put up a food many thousand allotments of land just where the people most urgently want them, more, particularly in the neighbourhood of the various diggings. We advise them, as soon as ever a rich and permanent gold-field is discovered anywhere throughout the colony, at once to take the run wholly from the squatter then holding it to refer him for compensation to a fairly constituted jury of intelligent townspeople ; or if he be not satisfied with that, to refer him still further to the Home Government for the consideration of his claim. We advise our ghost-like friend, then rapidly to survey the whole of the said run, and have it put up for sale by auction, stick and stump, hill and dale, range and gully, as promptly as circumstances will admit of in sections vary tug from ten acres to two hundred acres read; with some reservation of royalty probably in the event of rich gold- mines being afterwards found upon it. We apprise them of a fact well enough known generally, but which may not yet have forced itself upon their dull wife, that more than five millions of money are now lying idle in the banks, for most of which there is no other possible outlet but that afforded by the public lands. We acquaint them with the fact, that the gold brought by the various escorts adds weekly to that sum, to the extent of about two hundred thousand pounds. We remind them that the whole yield of their land sales during the last quarter, as shown by their own published return, only amounted to £157,864 11s 7d. We acquaint the in with the fact that there are thirteen weeks included in each quarter. And we show them the natural de* auction, that the weekly yield of gold largely exceeding the sums quarterly spent in the land, there is more than thirteen times too little land put up, even if there were not an act cumulation of five millions of money yet to be got rid of. ' We tell them, moreover, that provisions for man and horse are already extravagantly high upon the roads and at the diggings that the wet weather will be here directly and that flour is already more than £50 per ton, bran 7s. per bushel, maize 25s., oats 26s. ; hay 50s. per cwt. and that cartage, now about £30 per ton to Mount Alexander, rose during last winter to £150 per ton, and will so raise again. We tell them that this £150 per ton for carriage is a dead loss. to the community t that if it were mainly profit to the carrier, or expended in labour profitably employed, there would be some consolation in its expenditure ; but that it is composed of such items as broken poles, dead bullocks, knocked up horses, bogged drays, men deserted and drunken from exhaus- tion and disgust, rifled loads, and goods spoiled by weather ; all resulting we repeat, in a dead loss to the community. We tell them that had they done their duty, and months ago sold plenty of land in suitable allotments, at Forest Creek, at Bendigo, at Ballarat, and at the Ovens, very much of this loss and extravagant expense would have been saved. At this very moment, in a fine plough- ing and gardening season like this, every genial rain would send up myriads of those bright green shoots which mark the preparation ofliorso-food and man-food in abundance; thousands of garden allotments would now be profitably occupy J ¡n pouring forth vegetables to add to the comfort of the digger, and presented a heavy draught upon that portion of his food which I must he conveyed to him from a distance. We tell (his desk liable abortion of a Government all this; mail we ted "them they might have done it all without infraction of any law without the break of any pledge J without injury to any individual. We advise them to endeavour to repair the evil of their ways, and do now what-eight to have been done long 8mCj /'«<* Unfit is done, and they have afforded the thousands of recently rich men of the working classes some other mode of spend- ing their money than at the public-house, we advise them to endeavour to prevent their chief from again treating us to such a sample of disgusting hypocrisy as he lately favoured us with, in pretending that he cared not one straw for the prevalence of drunkenness or crime amongst xxi. 