GOLD COMPANY " BUBBLES." The latest advices from England, says the Melbourne Argus, brought intelli gence that the shares of the Australian Agricultural Company had risen, in the course of a few days, from a nominal value of £65 to an actual market value of £300. This extraordinary rise was .the effect of a report, industriously circulated on 'Change, that the possessions of the Company had turned out to be one vast gold-held. Upon the strength of this statement, some clever speculators con trived to " bull" the market successfully: and doubtless pocketed very handsome profits by the scheme. Some of our readers, continues the same journal, to which we are indebted for the whole of what follows, are probably ac quainted with a delightful village in New Sontu Wales called Stroud, thoroughly English in its appearance, and situated about midway between the Hunter and Manning rivers. That agreeable spot is the head-quarters of the Company in question, which possesses a vast extent of agricultural and pastoral land in the lo cality, besides three hundred thousand acres on the Peel River. The Company got a grant of the greater part from the Government, under the condition of bring ing it into cultivation. It set about doing so with great conscientiousness, and actually succeeded to a very creditable extent. Rut somehow the thing would not pay. The shares declined in value. The expenses of carrying on the operations swallowed up all the proceeds. The scheme, as far as the shareholders were concerned, turned out a dead failure. Nevertheless, the as pect of the place is thriving enough. It would be difficult to land in Ausrralia a parallel to the village of Stroud, with its tasteful cottages, triox gardens, heat church, substantial stores, and general air of com fort. A casual traveller is struck with pleasant surprise when he first lights upon that refreshing oasis in the desert ; and he finds it difficult to believe that the Company is a ".bad spec" in spite of its prosperous looking settlement. But a little explanation soon solves the mystery. The officials on the spot took most e pe eial care that the Company should not enjoy their valuable services for nothing ; so they wisely followed the example of tin Steward in the p-ivable, and looked ciosely to the interests of " Number One" in the first instance. Net that there was any actual malversation carried on ; but simply that it was felt to be only fair that those who were about to make many shareholders comfortable, should make themselves com fortable first. So the income of the Corm pany was carefully collected by the super intendents, and a rigidly correct balance siieet duly banded in ; the only disagree able circumstance being, that the expenses of superintendence so nearly equalled the gross revenue, that the annual dividend never rose above one per cent., and fre quently fell below even that amount. As an investment, therefore, the shares have been for many years a drug in the money-market ; but the gold discoveries have opened up a prospect to the Com pany, quite as dazzling as Siubad's Valley of Diamonds; and the lucky shareholders who, a little while ago, could not sell out at 40 per cent discount, can now readily obtain 200 per cent, premium. The magi cal talisman of the clever stockbroker can transform serious loss into splendid profit, and impart a value above that of solid gold to a worthless scrap of paper. The stock broker, after allj is the true modern Alad din ; and he still retains possession of the miracle-working Lamp. Our Sydney contemporaries are very earnest in their denunciation of this stock jobbing scheme, and fully expose the false hood of the. reports upon which it is based. The concocters of it did not scruple to assert that the gold-fields of Australia ex tend over a space of sixty thousand square miles ; and that, in particular, the property of the Australian Agricultural Company on the Peel river was so rich a mine throughout, that merely granting licenses to dig would insure a vast income. The statements thus nakedly put forward, are so grossly exaggerated that they become, positive falsehoods. The very essence of falsehood lies in such unqualified asser tions ; for, as the philosophic- writer well observes, "lies are the ghosts of truths— Ihe masks of faces." The immediate effect of the scheme has been to sink the Com pany from a bona fide concern (which it was, although not hitherto a profitable one,) into a bubble speculation. The effects will no doubt be disastrous enough in certain cases. Credulous people, eager for profit, will find themselves over reached at length. They will discover that their shares are of far less value than they now imagine ; and they must pay the penalty of their gullibility. But for our own part, we sympathise as little with the man who loses his money in Capel Court, as we do with the man who loses on the race-course ; and we feel no more bound to warn the one than the rther. If men will speculate, they must be content to lose sometimes. We. have cited this case, however, as an excellent illustration of the remarks we have made lately on the difference between speculation and enterprise. The buyers of the Australian Agricultural Company's; shares at the enhanced price, imagine that they are embarking in a splendid enter prise ; tliey will find it is, after all, but a bubble speculation ; and the knowledge of; this fact will come to them in the shape of j a serious and irreti ievable loss of money. I 