_P, O'S T Aku E. 'The Daiy. Neivs,,"',a' o.io "ollowing rb o 'o`ritioni Witlit apect'to"lhel'rduietns d on forbtgn; poitage,' Which: arro so'impera- tl tivoly called for':--" The: gstablishment of b the=}nland cheap postpgo being confessedly b a'measue of, incalculable public utility, Ohe uies'tion natutrally' arises,. why' should not ''th `e pi?inciple be applied' to foreign letters ? If alstter' carried five or six hundred miles .:within ,the island is charged one penny, why should a letter carried twenty miles across the channel cost eight.pence ? If the "inltiifitats of '.the different localiti8e in a Englind' and 'Scotland are in tlio'enjoy ment of a perfect co?pmunication of thought,, ,what should prevent the inhabitants of the different nations of the earth enjoying the same privilege ? Why should nationsbe :'dW~earred by a "money' barrier, fromn thiat Sinterchange of.mental activity which is one of tlhe greatest instruments of civilisttion ? ..As no reasonable cause can.be assigned for 1 an answer in the negative to theseo.ques tions, a society'has been formed for the i : iutpose' of faciilitatin'gtho introduction of a I s' -ystbyr: of itnternational: postage, ' fbouded I igp9n:the principles which. distinguish the ' syt.em of penny postage in Great Britain '-uniformity, prepayment, and -cheapness. 1 • In.. 1h'th ' course of their proceedings they hail''ebrought to'light some curious facts as 'to the total absence of these qualifications s in , the present postal regulations. The want of anything like uniformity is testified "'iy'thte'fact that there are aret te present time thity or more different rates of f :postage for' a single letter not exceeding half an ounce in weight. These rates range from one penny up to two shillings 1 aind mnepence. To make confusion more confoudiided, - there . are ,three different weights for a single letter. The post-office 'official- director tolls us that these weights may. be either:under a quarter of an ounce, exactly a.quarter of an ounce, or half an ounce. Before a person can tell what he 'has to pay for'aletter, all these points must be aitten'ded' 'to. iThe want of any' rule 'regarding prepayment is a fertile source of annoyance, to peroona -.nagod in foreign correspondence. There are 240 routes 'for w' hich prepayment is optional-140 for which it is imperative-and four for which it .is forbidden. If .prepayment -is ,neglected .in any case where *a letter is posted, or pddressed to a place for which the. previous payment is imperative, the missive is thrown-into the dead letter-box, ?h'ere it'awaits-like a heathen ghost by ,the side of Styx-thoe arrival of the fee' which will 'bribe the grim Charon of the post-office to ferry it to its destination. 2The papers published by the Interna tional Postage Association furnish some curious details with respect to the enormous rates:which are levied on the transmissiori of letters: -:A letter weighing half an ounce is charged.two shillings and ninepence when sent to Brazil, or at- the rate of £9,900 per ton. 'A letter to Inidia pays at the rate of £16,200-per ton. A curiousexample is given in the case of a gentleman who trans mitted:a letter Weighing a little more than 'i'n ounce to a correspondent in Spain. The sender and the receiver had to pay between them seventeen shilling and fourpenco for postage. Now, had the 'article forwarded been a'butt of sherryinstead of a few sheets Sof papd, the charge for transmission would have been about five shillings. If the epistle in question had been written for I \- the purpose of ordering tho'sherry, it would appear thittwhile the'vine itself was sent over into England at the rate of 10s. per I ton, the order to send it was carried at the I rate of about £30,000 per fon. The refor instion, which it will be the object of the association to achieve, must be carried out with a 'due regard to the interests and' con Svnienco of-th'f various countries forming the Postal Uinion. It will: be requisite, therefore, that no country should be dis turbed in the use .qf its peculiar weights and nicasures, and-likewise that the revenue proceeding from the: transport should be fairly divided between the several countries. I;t is considered&that; this willbebesteffected by each dountry lovying a postage tax on letters outward,' but nbine on those inward, and 'that tlis tax. should be in all. instances pie paid. This would in the first place put an:end to all complicated accounts of po.tage betweeh ntations, anmd secondly, it would leave it in the power of eaeh' country to d steiahei3ts'own rate. '.The agieement 'bjt*eiio thetohntraetin; parties slisuld be 'toYlhe sfl'ectthat eaeh should engago to triansmit.:to its correct address' a letter delivored'to it free from the post office of 'the other. As the number of letters sent by each of two countries to the other must be pretty nearly equal, the division of the revenue would be fairly provided for. The instant that such an agreement as this begins tobd carriodout between twonations. the process of cheapening postage must also commence, if this is not already done.' It would'bo absurd for ýany government to perslst.in.making its subjects pay a large sum more for the carriage of a letter than is paid by'a correspondent for the carriage of an answ8er to that letter. The total'un fairliess of's~ch a regulation wouldl'in the end prove its destiruction." 