NOTICES OF BOOKS. PIT CAIRN: THE ISLAND, THE PEOPLE. AND THE PASTOR. With a Short Account of the Mutiny of the " Bounty." By the Rev. Thos. Boyles Murray, M.A. London : printed for the Christian Knowledge Society, 1853. It is but a little island in,the wide,Pacific — so small that, unless the .map.be very large, you may look for it all in vain,—but, with its few miles square in extent, and its small population, numbering little' more than a century and a half of souls, it has a History really as worth the pon dering ns the intrigues of courts and the quarrels of kings, and the fightings, and the bloodshed that the often sorrowful stories of larger, and older countries .exhibit. That little spot on the world’s surface—in charts it is written 25° S,, 130° 8' W.—a position but recently ascertained and laid down for it. We shall wait to ask what it, too, has to tell us of strange or wonderful that it may have seen, since the sun shone upon it! Apparently for long centuries very little had happened ou it. The sea and the air . brought to it the seeds of tree and flower, where ofold the molten lava astonished the peaceful sea by its rude upheaval, they grew green and beautiful, and haply some poor savage, driven thither once in a century, through stress of weather, in his frail canoe, looked on the lovely land,-and lived.on its cocoa nuts and esculent roots a while and died, uriable to steer his voyage homeward again. And once, probably, it was visited by, a larger, company* who lived on it for two or three genera tions, and then, finding the land too small, de parted and went elsewhere, leaving a few of the bones of their fathers, and some weapons and idols, to show they had been there. But, for the nlost part, the sun, ‘as he looked down on the everlast ing summer of that little island, looked on no human—on, scarcely any animal, inhabitant. The end of the eighteenth century, as Christians reckon, was the beginning of the history of Pit cairn. : Pew of our readers but have heard, of the mutiny of the ‘ Bounty.’ -It was the morning of the 28th of April, 1789, and the sun’s first level rays were just empurpling the waters of the great ocean, when Captain Bligh was very rudely awakened by some of his men, armed and fierce looking. To him, questioning the meaning of all this, no answer was given save the very'summary one,—“ Hold your tongue, Sir; or yon are a dead man. Get np, will you ? And, without giving* him time to dress, his hands were bound, and himself and eighteen men : who clave to him, forced into the ship’s launch ; a few pounds of biscuit and other provisions, mixed haply with a few choice wishes, not of the sweetest, cast after them, and then they were cut a-drift, ‘ Farewell; a fair wind and a pleasant voyage to yon, Captain Bligh. IVhat he did and what became of him,— how, after hardships numberless, and bitter suffer ings, the brave-hearted sailor succeeded at last in reaching the Dutch settlement of Timor, and how,, years after, he was sent hither as governor in the joung colony of New South Wales, we tell riot' here. With him, and bis work, and his character,; probably not of the gentlest; arid how much or how little he was to blame in the doings in the ‘ Bounty,’ we have here little to do. We have; to follow Fletcher, Christian, and the rest who, with: him, had been guilty of this .unlawful rising.' There wore twenty-five of them at first, who, with the ship, returned to Tahiti. There one or two of them died or were killed, eleven were captured by Captain Edwards, of the ‘ Pandria,’ which was lost on the voyage, canning down some of the prisoners with it,-r-the rest were taken to England for trial. Let them go too : Heywood. and the rest to'be acquitted or otherwise ; oiir history stayeth not with them.- ' ; • Nine of the mutineers, with Fletcher Christian at their head, with their Tahitian wives and a few more Tahitians—in all twenty-eight souls, sailed intlm ‘Bonnty’ for Pitcairn, ;Very tragical'is the history of the next few years, Black men murdering whiter—white murdering black ; arid theri, when there’were no more black men to mur der, murdering one another; till* after ton years, there remained only two of the mutineers of the ‘Bounty,’ the rest having all died violent deaths' and of these two, the .one dymg : that same'year left , John Adnips the only European dweller in Pitcairn, /! ’ ; ,v.v . Among tho furniture left in tho ‘ Bounty,’ John had found an old Bible, which at last, when time hnng heavy on his hand,’he began to read. It became more titan a pleasant hook to him; it began, with its marvellous message, to dawn on his soul as alight from heaven; It became tho ( man of his counsel;’ that old Bible was made the regeneration of John Adams’ life, and'the rege neration of the land lie lived in. For he, having the light himself, must also hold it forth to others, and to the wives and children of his old compa nions ho becomes a teacher and a preacher of righteousness. .That same ‘ precious faith ’ is made also very dear to themand when John Adams is at lost gathered to thoso who, had (lied before him, he leaves to the teacher who succeeded him one of the most Christian'communities in the world. The original . eight^and- twenty have now, in 1853, .grown to > a hundred and seventy, nearly as many ns the little land can hold; and the memory of tlie ‘Bounty ’ still lives in the names of the inhabitants of Pitcairn. Christian, and Quintal, and Adams; M‘Coy, and Williams, and Young; Mills, ami Martin, and Brown: there arc no names among the dwellers there save these— thonara.es. of the first nine mutineers who settled in the island. Even as in the hearts of the sanc tified, the memory of ancient error abidetfi as a powerful inllueuce, getting itself lived forth and perpetuated only in deeds of penitence and faith; so, in that lovely spot, amid the great water world, the remembrance of the sin and the sinners, of the ‘Bounty ’ is read only'in the humble and Holy lives of their Christian offspring. After the death of John Adams, Mr, Hobbs, of whom and of whose work there is nnjch to be read in this volume, became their teacher. He was not a native of Pitcairn, bnt an Irishman, and his is the only foreign name, in the island. Having come there in 1828, he continued to he their teacher from the time of Adams’ death, in 1829, till a year or two ago, when he was sent home to England for ordination. He • has this year returned, as a presbyter of the English Church, to his miich-devoted flock. We, albeit of a different.denomination, and holding ordination to be valid enough without needing to travel to a prelate , for it, do most heartily wish him God speed. The Lord keep the happy islanders and their simple-minded pastor evermore under His special .care. For a description of Pitcairn itself and its inha-- bitants, and their mode of government and their laws, some of them very quaint and primitive (as, for example, that one; that whosoever shall kill a cat, save when taken in the very fact of destroying poultry, shall be held bound to bring for inspection to the' magistrate the skins of 300 rats which himself, has slaughtered), and their .school and mode of instruction, and much else,, we will refer our readers simply to the book itself, as we have no further time for long discourse. An Evening Hymn, by Mr. Hobbs, given at the end of the volume, though his other effusions do not strike us as anything higher than the simple effusions of a pious sou], has very ranch pleased us, and we give it to onr readers here. J. Father, let our supplications T Find acceptances Thy sight: Free from Satan's foul temptations. From tho perils of tho night, 0 preserve ns. Till return of morning light. 2\. Josns, Friend of dying sinners, Ere wo close oar eyes in sleep, ; r Lot the hope that dwells within us . Provo Thou dost Thy people keep. > Gracious Shepherd, From the wolf defend Thy sheep. 3\. Holy Ghost bo evor near as, Make our hearts Thy blest abode. Strengthen, purify; and cheer us. Eaise our waking thoughts to God. ■ ' ' With sweet visions ' ' ■ ’ 1 Gild tho hours on sleep bestowed. ■ Father,Son,end Holy Spirit, Us into Thy keeping.take, ■ i, • Not for onr desert or merit, , Solely for Thy mercy’s sake. . O protect ns ' r When wo sleep and when wo wake. ■JOHN DE WYCLIFFE, D.D. A Monograph* With some Account of the WycJife MSB. in Vx ford, Cambridge, the British Museum, Lambeth Palace, and Trinity College, Dublin. By Robert . Yaugban, D.D. Seeleys. • Dr. \aughan, atthe .commencement of his honourable career, distinguished him self by a life of 'Wycliffe, in which, for the first time, the career and character of the most inte resting and important man in the history of English church reform were elucidated" by the results of a minute study of the numerous manu scripts in which the writings of our great Proto- Kefqrmer are contained. During the many years, that liave elapsed since the publication of that very valuable book, Df. Vaughan has, in the midst of other labours; which have’tended greatly to diffuse » manly, healthy spirit df true literature into tlie religious writings of the day, remained always faithful ih his attachment to the first theme by:which.he Was warmed into the enjoyment of effcctiye literary tdih , He has continued; and ex tended his. acquaintanoe with the recohdd left of Wycliffe, and with anything that conld.be brought to, bear upon his history; 'he has been- Wycliffe’s editor, on. occasion j and upon the of the • best hving;authority, but,the besLanthdrity at this time extant, "■ --vV'V ; The present volume isthTnlK^ 55555 * Dr. Vaughan’s labours in this * He has hero rearranged all his Ims not so much rewritten in matiilTi:??' ,|fc by wliich he first merited and obtained L!LI° tl: as wntton a new work which is t| le ri ; of long-continued study, In it W i ’ S Wctt UalWtto.hicbi.bskt^^Mw The book is called very properly a Mr ° 5S ° Sl ' There is not material for a detailed bir, Wyeliffe, but for a most interne **'* the material js very ample, though not without much study and reaearclf Dr. V dissertation contains, as we have said* ~o a^an ofv CT ,^»tre.»rch :a „d„J l Sfc fc portent an clement of its usefulness -} t them in an exceedingly attractive jUdITT successive chapters, Wyeliffe m regarded n ' many successive points of view. as a Profit Divinity, as a Confessor, as a Parish Author, and so forth; the sum of all being made to leave as clear an impression of?’ whole man as can possibly lie got. Every si* is,characterised by touches tlmt belong only tot happiest handiwork' of an expert literary an!--* The book, therefore, besides being in the hjcdlf. degree valuable, is at the same time extract' tcresting. It is,’in short, the <qm man of sterling power and ability, ! 4 Ono fact we may state in illustration o fik value. Until Dr. Vaughan' carefully and investigated the scattered series of Wyeliffe MSS,, no satisfactory attempt had been made to determine their dates; and dry as dates may b considered, the life of a man whose ivhole isj! ence was characterised by continuous intellecfel development can only be understood, when, fixing the right sequence of his writings, w e Liv discovered the true sequence of his opinions, h is in this way that Dr, Vaughan has rescued ih character of Wyeliffe from cliarges of mconsL?. tency and vacillation, and from various -rojoa aspersions. We add here one or two passages to illustrate the .manner of a, book, whereof the matter nesds no commendation; WVCLIFFE IN SICKNESS. We can suppose that Wyeliffe would often he nat, sensible that with every feeling of being engared in id honest and good cause to sustain bun, it is in the taisie of such conflicts os had now become familiar tohia ts make a large demand on the strength both of mind et> body. Judging from his portrait, as transmitted to ti by Sir Antonio More, it is manifest tint bather Lit greaf.y the advantage of him in respect to pbtaeil organisation. In tbo countenance of tho EncH*lW,, there are indications of a greater degree of penetralia and acuteness, and of a finer sensibility, than we discern in the physiognomy of the German. But in the Utoir, there is a massiveness of form, a robustness,a-leonine force, which are his own, not only as compare! via Wyeliffe, but as compared with nearly ail bis compem in tho work to which his might was devoted. We fcsv> reason to tldnk that the events of 1377 and 1278, to gether witli tho severe labour to wliich Wyeliffe give himself—as we shall show in another placf— at the line immediately subsequent, -laid- the foundation of fe malady, which ut no very distant day was te bring dl Hi core and toil to an end. Wo learn that toe siclmf-s which befol the Reformer at this period, was sack as to leave little prospect of his recovery. Sdch, wo, it nppea>B was the force of religious prepossessions ia its fourteenth century, that some of hia old antagonists,ti* mendicants, could not avoid supposing tbatn kemicti notorious must needs bo most miserable in tko near approach of death. Possibly ho' might be disposed it such a crisis—limb of Satan as be had been—u repeat him of his evil deeds, or to recant some of Lis errera, and thos.to make some reparation fir tho mischiefs be -had perpetrated. Wyeliffe was in Oxford when this sickness arrested him and confined him to his fc-i Then it was. that four doctors, who wore called regents, representing the four orders of friars,wore deputed » wait on their expiring enemy. With these mostreJigicw persons, the same number of civil ofllceis, called Mat ters of the city and aldermen of the wards, were asso ciated. When theso persons entered the apartment of the sick man, his head was reclining on his pillow. Sops expressions of sympathy were dropped, and sometiie? was said about hope that he might recover. Bat it «s presently intimated that, at such a season, it was pre sumed that he,could not but be alive to the many wreags which the whole mendicant brotherhood had eipui, onced at his hands; and ns it was now probable tbit death was about to put an end to his course, It was only charitable to conclude that ho would be willing to fess himself penitent,- and that, with a due Chnitto humility, he would bo prepared to revoke whatever fc? bad said to the injury of fraternities so eminent la lam ing, sanctity, and usefulness, Wycliffo remaink. motionless and silent until this’oddress was cmcltwea. He then beckoned to his servant to raise him in m3«“- Thia done, ho fixed his eyes on the said doctors «ai aldermen, and with all his remainingstrengthexcliitDMi ‘I shall not dio, bat live, and again declare the of tho Friars.’ The-divines and tbo civilians hint,, looked strangely at each other, retreated, as nf imagine, in no little disappointment and dismay ia substance, is the story which tradition has down to us. The picture it presents is eminMu characteristic of the parties composing, it, ana oj “ times with which it is connected. The words wm safliced to confound and repel so much learnm?,***- much civic dignity, were not words to bo soon forgot in the talk and memories of Oxford. , \VTCLIFFE AS PARISH PRIEST. To soo the Reformer as ho acquits himself m thedh oharge of Iris duties os a parish-priest, the rerter ~T'. imagino himself in the old town of LuUcrwortn, a* • stretches along the top of that meadow slope above river Swift In the fourteenth century. It:mnota .mg place. Its population does not exceed that or sidorablo village. As you place its three or t°5 r and irregular streets. you find its thatched witli their wood and plaster walls, in no very cenditiou. Their first floor, fortho most P 4l *'V*., 1 unboarded, batunpaved, consisting of the tro4 ”" vT„‘ face of the hill-sido. Where the doors aw °P CI h 0 . interior Is all visible, and the wood fire, fro® mo■ centre of tho room, sends its smoko tint sdoor° dow into tho open air. It is so, eve building, the ancient hospital near the ° nd P° bottom of the hill, and in the fow structures which riso somewhat above the level of tl of the poor. You walk in those streoiliXonugc hours of tiie forenoon, at almost any time thronga years pr&oeding; the last month of 133-1. an ~v * w may bo credited, you see n venerable man, ™ » robe and flowing board, having.rude sandals on on • a plain bolt about his waist, and a tall while sta “ j, hand, passing from street to street". All who give him tokens of reverence. He acknowledge* wayside courtesies, and with one and another excn“ij ‘ a few words of rieighborirly greeting or inquiry, tua .housewhere ho would enter,,ho. finds o v, honest welcome. If sickness or sorrow he there, takes his place beside the sufferer, os one who w word in season to offer, and his oil to pour, mg™ Samaritan fashion; into the throbbingiwonna. m, earlier hours of the morning on which you see him “ employed, this remarkable person has been revising and extending the later Sections of treatise, the substance of which he had delivered as It — Examiner. / , to a crowded class-room when professorin .Oxford; 1 iwlinps, before leaving tho rectory on that morning, \- r ’i!-ut iust completed (be translation of a considerable a iriion of tho Bible into English for ihe use of English inlo ■ or has issued an English tractate on tho oocle- IvVticai cormptiona of tho times, thot will bo speedily inscribed and circulated from one end of the kingdom otlfor. On the Sunday you see this man in the " of tho old town church, with the faces thus fami- R«r to'hlm in their own homes gathered os a hook about lira listening with deep interest to his bold utterances in defence of Christ’s Gospel, of man’s rights, and indust all tvranny—especially the tyranny of those ‘Satrap*’ « f dio ago, the ruling churchmen, who would « meres? tho truth of Christ, to servo their own selfish mds The Bishop of Lincoln—bishop of tho diocese— not ignorant of what is thus taking place from one gondnv » another in Lutterworth oburob. Tho district !a vobomeutlv suspected of heresy. The Bishop has ilaned many bints—some grave admonitions; Bnt the times arc out of joint. It is not deemed wiso'tb proceed further. So tho rector takes his own course, and indoc trinates his flock after his own manner, , . We ought not to conclude our notice of this yalunble monagraph without saying,. Hint by virtue of its elegant typography, and quaint antique the book is as tfell suited to take a‘ place oflionor on a paTlor table, as, .by virtue of its contents, it is deserving cf a place of honor—not a lije o place, a place out of reach—upon the student’s shelf. 