set T A S M A N I A K. H () V A K T TOWN JANUARY 21, 1856. SOUTHERN TASMANIAN COUNCIL OF THE AUSTRALASIAN LEAGUE AND SIR W. DENISON. THIS extinct body once consisted of the members for the city, and several eminent merchants It is now dead, and Sir W. Denison wars with the dead He has kept company with the wild Irish until he has acquired their cannibalism. For the last two years the whole convict party have been employed " despatching" this- respectable body they me now, like savages; feasting' on its remains. It is only a month ago that Mr. Carter and twenty others sent their compliments to Sir John Pakington, through Sir William Denison, denying the existence of the Australasian League ! and warned the worthy people of Downing-street that there were ghosts abroad mere dust and shade and yet there are few of the functions of vitality in which this departed enemy of his Excellency's salary is deficient. It talks and walks, lays hold of its objects with a prodigious grasp never lets go. It has one characteristic of a spirit : now you hear of it in London-then at San Francisco then in New York ; sometimes at New South Wales and then at Victoria. It is quite clear such a body cannot be a body at all at all, and must be a spirit But even the spirit of the League is formidable: today it is the great task of Sir William Denison. It seems the Council of the League thought proper to address a letter to I The Secretary of State to explain the causes of that great popular victory, in which a mass of blasphemous thieves, pouring forth language most filthy and obscene ; organized by James Gray, a clerk in the convict department, swept the Mechanics' Institute, and drove away by violence the hon, the Speaker, Mr.' Dunn, So. They felt that the ascendancy of such a mob, banded together by sympathies 'unknown among other communities, was a fact which ungoverned should be permitted to, represent as the voice 01-«.».^^,^^ this colony. It will be seen by the govèïHcTS" despatches that the, open and avowed object has been to set the convict population against the emigrant!, and so to neutra- size the opposition to transportation. It has, indeed, been defeated in the mode proposed at first, but he has kindled the passions of incarnate fiends he has stirred up the depths of hell, and men, some reeking with blood, have been made the interpreters. of the public of Van Diemen's Land. It was to prevent the home government from accepting the demonstra- tion dinner as an expression of colonial feeling, that the League Council put the Secretary of State on his guard. Now what part of this letter are they prepared to refute as to its substance ? Do they deny that the whole of the late proceedings were got up by the convict department, and by persons whose character and career gave them no sort of title to be heard except as supplicants"? We do not deny that two or three were of a different class ; but they were persons who live on the vices of the base, or are mere dots and. idiots. The object of the department and the Advertiser was to represent this irruption of violence and villany as an expression of public feeling in favor of transportation. It was the duty of the League Council to speak the truth, to unmask the chief actors, and to show that it was merely colonial manifesta- tion of those passions which have filled Ireland with violence, and England's gaols with crime. The League Council have done wisely. The celebration dinner, however, made their course, very, easy and clear. What did that dinner celebrate ? the opposition to the Convicts Prevention Act ! Who was the hero of the table ? a charlatan a few years ago in a gang-. The question is not what such men may say in Van Diemen's Land, but by what standard will such demonstrations be measured among honest men, in a British community, by the English press, and in the House of Commons ? Five hundred gentlemen sat down to dinner, says his Excellency, in his paper, a number much greater than ever dined, a table- cloth being present. But what gentlemen members of the Legislature.? not one merchants? note ghost of one gentlemen. Now there is no a reason why such men should not dine, and have even knives and forks ; but there was great reason that they should not be represented as a fair sample of Eng lity colonists-of the men who have returned the members of the Colonial Legis lature of those who are to compose the future constituency of Van Diemen's Land. The governor is however, deeply mortified ; the London News now wears a " wide- awake", and the draft to match the trim . umplial arch is not very likely to appear, [cyclist ojcconipn'iiod with very damaging j «Ljilatiatwrs. It is very refreshing to see how his Excellency's little ronliiVnnceS to raise a dust about a great colonial question are exposed and defeated rose by one. The time will come when the only dust he will he able to raise will be that behind him as he retreats. We presume the League Council were quite prepared to see their letter in the Advertiser ; his Excellency could not resist the temptation, and after attempting to induce the League Council to consent to the publication, he has violated the standing rules of his own office. The Council, we believe, do not care one straw for the publication, though his Excellency's organ, as will be seen by the advertisement in another column, has falsified the dale, and omitted an important passage. It is, however, -too late for the governor's purpose, which is to raise education about the facts related; he knows they are all true ; but he knows that James can find a witness when one is wanted, who will contradict the testimony of the League Council. But then, the hon secretary, Mr. Titiller, is a German. Oh, horror ! not an Irishman. We are informed that it is intended to send a memorial to her Majesty by the hands of Prince Albert, complaining that a native of Germany, consequently opposed to the sense of Hanover and Saxe-Coburg, dared to act as secretary to a ghost, and that an English ghost. Of course, the Queen will think it absurd that a German should marry an English lady, speak and write English like a native, and venture to talk politics in the presence of such true born Englishmen as Donnelan IWfc and O'Neil Wilson ! However, as this same Mr. Walker was actually employed by Sir Eardley Wilmot's government to report on political questions he may be able to reconcile even the Queen's his Germanic origin I What low ignorant brutes are these men who think, in colonies where there are at least 10,000 Germans, to raise up a cry against foreigners : there is no man so much a foreigner to Englishmen as a renegade Irishman, who never had any principle but selfishness, and changes sides for a peck of potatoes. Sir John will find Mr. Hobler's name attached to a report in his office at least a proof of his right to act as the ghostly organ of the spectral Southern Tasmanian Council of the League-a long name for a mere shade ! But when Sir W. Denison talks of giving the parties referred to an opportunity to defend themselves, we have a light to enquire into his own past practices. No Governor ever scandalized the colonists with more recklessness. There is scarcely a class or public man not vilified in the Blue Books under his Excellency's hand. He is tender of the blooming honors of Mr. Balfe, and the honest reputation of Mr. James Gray.- It is sbme^consojation-' to I""" think sp 2,,". -...vtjncßttJ.uat^ainTOii.g^ inlfie dark is not to be justified, except to continue transportation. Poor man ! 