General Intelligence THE BIBLE SOCIETY. The Jubilee of the British and Foreign Bible Society was celebrated by the subscribers and friends of tbe Auxiliary in this colony by a Special Meeting, independent of the services noticed hereafter, at the Mechanics' Institute, last evening; His Excellency Sir William Denison in the Chair. The meeting was numerously attended, and among those present we noticed Ministers of various denominations-the Revs. Dr. Fry, J. G. Medland, C. Simson, W. K. Wade, J. M. Strongman, H. Dowling, W. Nicolson, H. J. D'Emden, F. Millar (Secretary); Messrs. H. Hopkins, B. and W. Rout, J. Dunn, sen., J. Dunn, G. W. Walker, Giblin, Hiddlestone, Hutton, Dr Bedford, J. Hone, Major Cotton, Dr. Officer, and others. With the view of bringing tbe foundation of the Society fully before our readers, we lay before them the following interesting account of tho origin of the Society, for which we are indebted to a former report of the Society, which, combined with the statement read by the secretary at the meeting, and published in its proper place in tho following report of the proceedings, will remarkably illustrate a subject of such passing and vital importance as that embraced in the fundamental object of the Society-namely, tbe dissemination of the Scriptures through every part of the habitable globe. It was late in the year 1802 when a Christian minister, named Charles, was walking through the streets of Bala, a small town in Wales. Ho there met a child whom he knew, and asked her if she could tell him the text from which be bad preached on the last Sunday? Receiving no reply, be repeated the question, upon which the child was still silent, and burst into tears. At length she said, " The weather, Sir, bos been so bad that I could not get to read the Bible." The minister found, from further inquiry, that there was no copy of the sacred volume to which she could refer, either at her own home or among her friends, and that she used to travel seven miles over the bills, every week, to a place where she could obtain a Welsh Bible, and read the chapter from which the minister took his text on the Sunday. But during that week the cold and stormy weather had kept her from her usual journey. After she liad gone, Mr. Charles was led to reflect how many were destitute of the Sacred Scriptures. He next inquired in the towns and villages, in how many houses tbe Bible was to be found ? He ascer- tained that there was only one copy to about every eighty families. What was to be done? After much consideration, he resolved to seek for help in London. In Londonj however, after making many inquiries for Welsh Bibles, he could only obtain a small number. Having heard that several ministers and gentlemen wen? accustomed to meet to consult about the circu- lation of tracts, ho resolved to call on them, hoping they would assist him. It was early on the morning of the 7th of December, 1802, that theWelsh clergy- man paid a visit to the Committee of the Bouffions Tract Society, and made known his errand, üioy first consulted how thoy could supply , Bibles tor Wales and then for England, when a minister present sahl, " A Biblo Society for Wales 1 a Bible ¡society tur Eiiglaud! whynot a Bible Society for thoWorhll After the subject hail been discussed for several mouths, these gentlemen, together with nome ot ic:s, formed the British and Foreign liible Society. " BelioM, how great a matter a little fire kindleth !" Who could have thought that the fact of the littlo Welsh girl not being able to remember the text, would have led to inquiries and efforts issuing in tho formation of a Society, which, in fifty years, has put nibo cnoulation above twenty-five millions of copies of the Holy Scriptures?. ?,..,. ,. The statement thus furnished, while it supplies an interesting illustration of tho l'rovidence of Hitit who is wonderful in counsel and excellent in working, clearly indicates that tho Hihlo Society was not. formed without just cause. It was found that exist- ing institutions left misapplied a wide field, even in the British dominions, to which their efforts were mainly directed; while Foreign countries exhibited moral destitution yet more urguut and affecting. The Society, tlie origin of which haï been now noticed, is distinguished hy the comprehensiveness of its object, as well as hy tho catholicity of its con- stitution. It aims to disseminate the Sacred Volume in every part of tho world; and in prosecuting this groat work, it admits and invites the co- operation of all who recognise tim claims of the Scriptures of truth. The meeting having been opened at the request of His Excellency with prayer, the Kov. Secretary read the following " STATEMENT . Of the origin and operations of the British and Foreign Biblo Society. Since we possess in tho Bible an nll-suíficietít revelation, the only true revelation of the will of God to man, it is evidently our duty to dispense this treasure to the greatest possible extent among the nations of the earth. Under a sense of this obligation, the British and Foreign Bible Society was projected half a century ago. An extreme want of Bibles was felt in the principality of Wales. The Key. Thomas Charles, of Bala, visited Loudon ; and having failed to obtain the needful supplies from other sources, brought the subject under the notice of the Committee of tho Kcligious Tract Socioty. His appeal led one member present to give utterance to these memo- rable words-" Surely a Society might bo formed for the purpose, and if fur Wales, whynot also for the Empire and the World ?" In this one sentence of the Kov. Joseph Hughes was hidden the germ of that noble tree whose branches have widely spread, and whose leaves tend to the healing of tho nations. A circular was forthwith drawn up, calling upon Christians of every name to unite for tho one simple yet sublime object of sending forth tho Bible, without note or comment, over the whole world. A Public Meeting was held in March 7, 1804, attended by 3(10 persons, when the proposed Institution was organised, and the sum of £700 obtained. Lord Teignmouth was the first President of the Society, and among its first Secretaries was the Kev. Dr. SteinkopfÇ who still survives, and has recently recorded his " recollections" of the period. From an extensive enquiry which was immediately instituted, the destitution of the Scriptures was found to bo most lamentable. It has been computed that the whole number of Bibles in circulation throughout tho world did not exceed four millions of copies. Since tho Society has been in active operation, it has been permitted directly to issuo above 25 millions of copies ; while, through kindred Institutions to which it has given birth in every quarter of the globe, that number has boen increased to upwards of 43 millions of copies of the Sacred Scriptures, in wholo or in part. Wjieu the Society waa first established, the trans- lations of the Biblo may havo been about 50; but siuce then the number has greatly increased. This Society has promoted the distribution, printing, or translation of the Scriptures in nearly 150 languages and dialects; the greater number of which had never before been reduced to alphabetic form. Of all the miracles of art, collected from every nation and country in the Palace of Industry in the memorable year 1851, what would have appeared probably the most marvellous in anticipation, was tho collection of tho Bible Society's version of tho Sacred Scriptures in the various strange characters of the Oriental languages, in dialects which had previously baffled all the scholarship of Europe, and in barbarous tongues, the very name and existence of which wero, 50 years ago, unknown. The Chinese New Testa- ment, in a portable volume, to bo had for 6d, is the most wonderful productions of this or any ago. Tho funds by which tho cause has been sustained next demand observation. It was not until tho fourth year that the receipts wero doubled. The annual in- come of the Socioty for some time past has exceeded £100,000. The total expenditure has reached nearly £4,000,000 sterling, a sum indeed noble and mag- nificent, if considered by itself ; but a mero unit if we contrast it with tho outlay of a singlo war, or the annual expenditure of Great Britain for articles of luxury alone. The commencement of the Society was small and its progress gradual ; but eventually it became the parent of similar Institutions in various parts ofthe world. At the present time there arc moro than 8,000 Societies in connexion with it. The Society in this colony was organised May 8th, 1819, at a meeting which was held in the " Now Church" (f. e. St. David's Church), under the presi- dency of His Honour the Lieutenant-Gorernor, Colonel Sorell. The donations then obtained amount- ed to £100 9s., and the animal subscriptions to £45 6s. Thô Lieutenanfr-Govemor was appointed President, and the following gentlemen Vice- Presi . dents :-Edward Abbott, Esq., Deputy Judge Advo- cate, Tbos. Bell, Esq., Major and Acting Engineor, the Rev. Kobt. Knopwood, M.A. The list of the General Committee for Hobart Town and districts of the settlements on the Derwent m^y be thus sup- plied from the original record:-T. Arclior, Esq., J. P. and Acting Deputy Assistant Commissary General ; J. Beamont, Esq., Acting Naval Officer, and Provost Marshal; Wm. Blyth, New Town; Mr. G. W. Evans, Deputv Snrrcyor General ; G. W. Gunning, Esq., Coal River; A. W. H. Hum- phrey, Esq., J. P. ; Mr. E. Kimberley, Clarence Plains; Edward.Lord, Esq.: Mr. David Lor.d; T. A. Lascelles, Esq*. New Town; Mr. D. McCarthy, Now Norfolk; Mr. W. Maura,- Clarence Plains ; H. E. Robinson, Esq., Secretary to the Licutenant Govenior; Mr. G. F. Read; Mr. H. Thrunp, Old Beach; Mr. John Wade, Pittwater; the Kev.-B. Knopwood and James Gordon, Esq., wore the first Seeiotaries, and Mr. T. W. Birch was Treasurer. Tiie co-operation of several gentlemen at Launces- ton and George Town was shortly afterwards obtained, and Mr. Richard Dry was appointed Assistant Secretary and Treasurer. Tlio Association at Port Dalrymple was eventually merged in the Cornwall Auxiliary Bible Society, which stands in direct connection with the Parent Institution, and promotes its objects on tho north side of this island. The Society in Hobart Town has prosecuted its labours from year to year with encouraging results. Many changes in its list of officers and committeo have beon occasioned by death and other causes. The Society has recently been called to lament the removal of the Rev. Philip Palmer, joint secretary for nearly 20 years. The Parental Society having entered on its 50th year, its year of Jubilee, it has been deemed proper at this season to review the past, and to adopt special measures in order to stir up its friends to a more full accomplishment of the mission with which it is entrusted. Although cheering progress lias been realised, for which we should give God thanks, we must not forgot that a great worn yet remains to bo accomplished. Supposing that as many as 50 millions of copies of the Holy Scriptures have been distributed by this and other Societies and by private sale, and supposing every Bible and Testament of the 50 millions to have been preserved, and to be in the possession of a family of five persons, there must be 7i>0 millions of mankind still destitute of this blessed guide to Heaven. It is therefore hoped that the special services and meetings which may be held during this year of jubilee will stimulate to vigorous and extended efforts in this great cause. \---.«. tu .ms great cause. The Committee in London deemed it desirable to propose to the Auxiliary Societies throughout the world to bold their jubilee meetings on a fixed day, and named Wednesday, the 12th October, for this pur- pose, to be preceded by sermons and collections in the various places of worship. It has boen resolved to open a special fund, to consist of donations, congre- gational collections, Sunday-school contributions,' juvenile and other offerings, and toil*, ,r-' «Jubilee Fund" of the Ifttish «,S fej8^*^ Society. This fund will be appron^A'S,11 B¡Wo ance of the following objects 7Jr°pnnted m further 1\. 1'be adoption of a system of colnnrt.» - out Great Britain in the yea? of JÄH of emigrants together with special grants«?8» and Testaments to prisons, schools mt.!- Blbl<* other charitable and'benevo'lent ¡S&faS;"0* and 2\. Special grants to Ireland. VUHOns. 3\. Special effoits in India. Austral;» * British Colonies, by agencies, UJ ¿.0tl'« 4\. S,wW Biro» tobCUnn end st^oUÏ^Ï . the world as may appear open to special ,.«" íaits of 5\. Thoestablishuicntofa ff». may be granted to persons in the lanriA"* Society, and lo their widows and children ^i, 'I10 circumstances to require it. ' 1,en m As conti ibutors ure nt liberty to specify ?/> »v , " these objects their offerings shall bo devoÄ' ?f recommended by the Local Committee that the ¿.Vi " lund realised by this Auxiliary l,n " Juî)lIe8 (except where donors "my desireotlW$'Tmted fun «cautious to the general funds of tlioIÄ?" will be piosecuted as usual, and the w Jn"v Utimi the year will be içuoried in due''¿ TA Anniversary of ibis Auxiliary Society, which ^m take place a few months hence. It will td,i Vl[ on the Committee toindieate, also the nZl sofS" Jubilee célébrât on, ondit is trusted iW.i ,,hls inent furnished will'ovinco üía? "peelaÄ1'\^ ended sympathy with the great objects ofTÄ" tution have not been wanting. We would fit,, :" that many will deem it tbefr privilege o «lÎ! !rp0 love to the Bible by their liberal ûlÄeerföTL .'? anee to the Biblo Society. cnecrful assist This paper may well be concluded in tho tT..i , the late Rev. Joseph Hughes, one of the fo "deS,^ for many years a Secretary ofthe Instit.!t on°W every mnn give according to his ability Wi,L .ot with cheerfulness; let hi.Live in £2nÄS?.S? able Mediator; and may the God for whoso Xr»T brings forth the talent, the shekel, or theS y to the offering, and bless'tho application I" ^ "*»* Tni M C?!0?.1** snccîal contributions towards tU Jubilee Fund bavo been received :- ""«ras tlio £. «. rf. K. Q. Kermode, Esq.". 5 0 0 Thomas Parramore Esq. 5 0 0 Samuel Horton, Esq. 5 0 0 The donations .of a Lover of the Biblo towards the circulation of tho Scriptures ' . in China .'..'..'.., 50" 0 0 Collected at Church at Boss, after sermon by the Kev. W. Bedford . 23 0 7 Collected at Church at Campbell Town, per the Rev. W. Bedford . 8 12 1 Collected at St. George's Church, Hobart Town, after sermons by the Rev. Dr. Fry and tho Rev. J. G. Mèdland . 15 7 3 Collected at Wesleyan Chapel, Melvillo strcot, after sermons by the Rev. T. B. Harris* . 15 12 5 Collected at Penitentiary Church, after ser- mons by the Rev. J. G. Mcdland and the Rev. Dr. Fry. 17 0 0 Collected at the Independent Chapel, Bris banc-streot, after sonnons by the Rcv?F. Miller.31 8 0 Collected at the Branch Sunday School in Liverpool-street, in connection with Bris- bane-street Chapel. 0 12 6 Collected at St George's Church, Sorell, after sermon by the Rev. J. Norman..,.. 6 9 1 Collected at St. »lark's Church, Pontville, after sermon by the Rev. J. Burrowes... 2 17 3 Collected at the Independent Chapel, Green Ponds.i. 10 0 0 IV U II At the Meeting: His Excellency Sir William Denison. 5 0 0 Colonel Last.,. -10 0 Lieutenant Lochuer, R.E. 10 0 Letters were also read by the Secretary from the Rev. Messrs, Norman of Sorell, J. A. Manton of New N »rfolk, T. B. Harris of Hobart Town, J. Burrowes of Pontville, and J. Robertson of Bothwell, stating the reasons of their non- attendance, and expressing their deepest sympathies with the meeting. The KLV. 11. DOWLING said that it full upon him to call attention to tho statement which tho meeting had already heard. It sot out by detailing at length tlie progress of the Society subsequent to its original formation; bo had better, therefore, confino his observations to the latter part of the resolution, which urged the "promoting by new and vigoróos efforts" the objects of that Society. Ile could say not a little about the progress of the British and Foreign Bible Society, bat tilt it unnecessary to do so. If they would pledge themselves to promote the great purposes of the In- stitution, there were three ways of fulfilling such a pledge,-first, by having their minds devotionally directed towards God the Holy Ghost, that he would ho pleased to bestow the spirit of life and salvation on those who bad heretofore lain dead in trespasses and sins; this was the true foundation of all effort. They had heard the name of Dr. Stein kopff brought - forward, and tho circumstances under which the first meeting took place It was a season of great anxiety, and when he and others became sensible of their weakness, and of tboir need of Divine help, it became also a season of great prayer; and when faith and prayer wero united, nothing can prevail against them. The next was the application of the truths of Scripture to the human mind. The object of their meeting there that night was simple. There was no schism, no sectarianism among them. The business of the Society concerned the whole Christian family, and all felt perfectly at liberty to coopeiate in its purposes. An intereshnç point liad occmwií tn t.«« ---*-.- *«-- J,;* -' íwl?d,occuiriid to him respecting the dimisión of S? knowledge amidst the cottages of the poor. dS who traversed the country sellingall Tw- ? of bookB were notseen bearing Bibles and « ^Ti HIte aino,,f[tho number, but if, as was desirable, agoodallowance ahould be made to them, they might üe induced to introduce those as weU as others: it mattered not by what means they got into the country, so long as they were there. In commercial and ofhcial hfe, as well as that of the humble mechanic, there seemed a difficulty in bringing«» regular reading of the Bible into their familiei. This uunculty a tradesman friend of his had found means to «.J?* , ,8,ml,1y, by laying the Scriptures on the break last-tablo, and reading portions of them during tho preparation of the meal to the household «s they assembled. This, the Rev. Gentleman pro- ceeded to observe, was no ordinary meeting, no com» mon occasion. This was the Jubilee, the fiftieth anniversary of the British and Foreign Bible Society; and it was therefore only once in fifty years that joey had an opportunity of assembling and contri- buting, as he hoped they would, to that Institution. Alter some further remarks upon the subject of the expected contribution, Mr. Dowling concluded by proposing the resolution. The resolution was as follows : '. That this Meeting welcomes the Jubilee of tho British and Foreign Bible Society, hailing it as a fitting occasion for commemo-' rating the Divine goodness, so abundantly vouch- safed to the Society in its origin, early history, and subsequent progress, and for promoting by new ard vigorous efforts tho widest possible circulation of the Holy Scriptmes." H. HOPKINS, ESQ., seconded the resolution, ana, tracing the progress of Bible distribution from a penod of 1800 years ago, directed the attention of the meehne to tho fact, that although by the blessing of God about 50,000,000 of Bibles had boen circulated, yet there were at least 600,000,000 of persons among« whom the Blessed Volume had never been seen, u« hoped and trusted, while so much remained » be done, that printing presses would be set at wo» to throw on* millions, so that tWoe would not W» Place on the earth where it should not be supplwa. He also expressed an earnest wish that, while tney aided in this great work, they would learn to pru» the Scriptures themselves; that they would eager«; avail themselves of the high privilege they hw at- tained in the possession of the Bible,-a pnydetP which, he argued, was the highest they could posww. n The Ray? C? Snisox supported the T»\nW> One thing in the Beport had particularly struck_«*, that so much remained to be áone. Christians «hon» alwav« >»«>? .» >»¡»^ *»>» ««aiait.vfiir Altare exeiw" Su be imagined that those copies were therefore lost, since even a fragment ofthat precious volume might convey light and life to the soul of the sinner. He was delighted st the proposal for establishing a system 0f colporteorage throughout Van Dioraen'a Land. Charity began at home, and let it begin with the circulation of the Holy Scriptures. Their distribution ¡n China, that most populous portion of the whole world, was soon attended with facilities unknown to former times. In all ages and countries pursue these things with hope, and success will follow the The REV. H. P. FRV, D.D., then moved the next resolution, which was as follows:-That this meeting approves of tho institution of a Jubilee-fund, and invites all ranks and ages to contribute thereto with a liberality commensurate with the importance and magnitude of tho objects contemplated by the Bible Society, and with the augmented resources which many are realising in the present times. In coming forward to advocate such an important resolution, ho felt himself impressed with the deep magnitude and sacredness of its character: who was there who could «peak in adequate language of the high and noble objects of the Bible Society? Who could expatiate upon the blessings which it was calculated to confer? None, he argued, but those who valued tho Biblo aright. In urging the resolution, he inquired what knowledge of truth, what ray of light would have been afforded which could not be ascribed to God's Word? It was the mirror bv which the Saviour of mankind was revealed to the souls of men to lead them to salvation. And, he urged, if this was sincerely felt, if the value of this glorious book was rightly appreciated, then would thoy become convinced, not only that it was of inestimable value to themselves, but they would be convinced of the necessity of circu- lating it amongst others, and contributing to the extent of their means in causing that circulation. To illustrate his subject he related an anecdote of the celebrated Thornton, the friend of Wilberforce and the patron of John Newton, who, when being waited upon by a clergyman for a subscription on behalf of the Parent Society, presented him a cheque for £50. While the clergyman returned thanks Mr. Thornton received a letter, which ho stated con- tained intelligence of a considerable pecuniary loss. He asked for the cheque, it was restored, but subsequently returned, when it was found he had made it into a cheque for £500. Struck with astonishment, the clergyman asked an explana- tion, when Thornton expressed a belief that God in his providence intended to deprive bim of all his wealth, and he wished to do something to His glory before it was entirely gone. Dr. Fry proceeded then to the opportunities now possessed by the people of this colony to support the endeavours of the Society. God bad blessed this land in a most extraordinary'degree; and what a contrast was now observable on visiting the cottages of the humbler ranks of society 1 There were no examples of want and misery, excepting that which was owing to the prevalence of that vice which unhappily was ao common .Amongst us. Most of the humbler classes were now comfortable, while the trading and commercial classes wore laying up a store of wealth. Sharing, as they did, the bounteous mercies of God, he urged that they were bound to contribute to tho spiritual wants and necessities of their benighted brethren, and related another anecdote illustrative of the position he assumed, that it would be inconsistent in them as professing Christians to withhold their support. In conclusion, he referred to the divinity of til eParent ¿Society; it had neither lands nor estates, and he believed that of the £50,000 shown upon the balance-sheet, the greater part would bo required to pay outstanding claims. It had therefore no exist- ence except in a spirit of Christianity which animated the hearts of those who support it;" and now God himself, the Saviour, called upon them to extend the blessings they themselves received, and to bring: home tiie words of salvation to the hearts of the poor heathen. l ! The REV. H.J D'EMDEN:-The resolution he had to second was of an eminently practical character. He was glad to see a movement made which bad long been wanting. They had little idea of what were the life and lot of a continental colporteur in Popish countries, where, far differently from Pro- testant states, the Biblo should bo locked up in Latin. These colporteurs weroiiot our only sen-ants ; there was higher groundteiSe taken : they were servants of the Most lügbtiod, and of His Sou Jesus Christ; oftentimes thoy were the only missionaries in the lands whither they penetrated, and if thoy were abandoned to neglect and want wo should, at the last great day, be mado responsible for that abandonment. If they wero satisfied with the work the Society had already accomplished, they should the more readily determine to keep it in carrying out its future objects.« The Bible was the grand engine of modern civilization. If we only traced the history of the world 50 years ago, we must concede to the power of the Bible tho very highest claims, not only for what it is, but for what it has done. There were then only 50 versions of the Scriptures; at the recent Great Exhibition the number of versions exhibited by the Society was 150\. One claim that Society possessed, which must Íilcad strongly in our sympathies its eminent catho ieitv,-a claim to which allusion had been already -made. Tho Bible Society bad been begun in that pure Catholic spirit which organized all men as brethren in Christ, and bad drawn down upon itself that blessing from on high which would support it when all other supports hod been withdrawn or ceased to exist. The Rev. Gentleman, at considerable length, treated the Bible Society as the, great pacifi- catory engine of modern civilization, describing the peaceful tendencies of the present, as in contredis tinctum to tho warlike propensities of the ancients. He felt great pleasure in seconding the resolution. DR. OFFICER, in urging the next resolution, directed attention to the Fpecial objects thciein referred to, and spoke in terms of strong support of the proposal to extend a perfect system of colporteurago throughout this colony. In many parts of Europe these humble carriers of God's Word had effected an incalculable amount of good. With reference to the second special object, he referred to the revolutionary excitement at present prevailing in the mighty empire of China, the approaching apparently successful termination of the rebellion, and the overthrow of tho Tartar dynasty. He referred to the astonishing fact that the leaders of the rebellion had a knowledge of tho great truths of the Bible-that they in-their proclamations tell the people to pray only to one God, and that they speak of our dear elder brother Jesus Christ. The exact process by which they had gained this information was not at present known, but there could be little doubt thatithadbcen effected through the agency of the great and glorious British and Foreign Bible Society. Ile therefore, in strong language, urged the following resolution upon their considciation, and claimed for it their most cordial suppoit. " That the Jubilee-fund realized by this Auxiliary bo appropriated (except where donors may desire other- wise) in promoting an extensive and efficient system of colportage in this colony, and in affording aid to China and such other parts of tho world as may appear open to special operations." The REV G. CLAIIKI: was very glad to have an opportunity of stating his convictions on the present occasion. There was danger of falling into two ex~ tremes in the exercise of human sympathies : the one was, the monopolizing to ourselves of that charity which was Raid to "begin at homo;" the other, BO great an anxiety in connection with remote objects as to neglect our own duties and responsibilities. Having alluded to the system of colporteurs, the Rev. Gentloman referred to the condition and prospects of China, entering with some minuteness into the historical events connected with the establishment of Tartar dynasty in that empire, and the temporary encouragement given to Roman Catholic Missions. Hie Revolution which followed the war with Britain >n 1848, and the peculiar religious tenets of the revo- lutionists, founded on the doctrines of the Nestorian christians, a sect which arose about the 4th century, and sent Missions into the Eastern world, formed a highly interesting portion of the Rev. Gentleman's address, several anecdotes were also narrated, in wluch the names of Gibbon, the Venerable Bede, and the South Sea Island Missionaries were effectively introduced; and the incidente thus embodied illus «¡?»u w^ admirable force and clearness the power th f£Jt ibl° ""^the °yecta effected and proposed by The REV. W. NICOLSON proposed the next resolu ., " That this meeting, while calling on the friends of the Bible Society to unite in commemorating its year « Jubilee, would express their earnest desire and nope that whatever is done may be in humble dc Pwidence on the blessings, of Almighty God and to The Rev. Gentleman remarked in the course of his observations, that three ideas were suggested by the resolution,-1st, the circumstances which had led to the commemoration of the Jubilee of the Society; Ä* M at- n11 r1,ad b?en dono ,n depoiidonoó on the blessing of A mighty God ; and, 3riliy, that all they could do would bo done with an eye to His gloiy. With tho first idea ho" should have notbing to do, it bad been referred to by tho previous speakers; the remainder of the questions (he said) bore some «ung of a theological aspect, and lie therefore entered into the inquiry as to whether the results contení plated could he realised without the blessing of God; and having established this in the affirmativo, be pointed out bow it tended to glorify bim. The REV. J. M. STOONGMAN must bo permitted to express his congratulations on tho object of that meeting. The scheme ofthe Society embraced good men of nil denominations; and, while thus united, they must as Christians rejoice in the celebration of one institution that was based on the single principle of acknowledging all as brethren who loved tim Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity. They had lived to seo the influence of that Society spreading throughout the civilized world. Statesmen were beginning to tako an active part in its operations, and it was with great pleasure that ho (Mr. Strongman) beheld the example followed by His Excellency tho Lieutonant Govornor. The reverend gentleman then referred to the influence of the Biblo in England; to the effects of Scripture teaching on the republican institutions of America ; to the landing of the Pilgrim Fathers on her shores, and the contrast of their aspect at that and the present period, concluding with the sentiment that in proportion as Bible principles wore acknow- ledged and Bible precepts fulfilled, would truth and righteousness, with the concomitant blessings, prevail among nations. His EXCELLENCY, on putting the resolution, did not believe there was one present who would not assent to it ; and it was carried, upon lus suggestion, by acclamation. JOSEPH HONE, ESQ., proposed the next resolution, which was as follows : " That this meeting respectfully acknowledges the kind attention of His Excelloncy Sir William Denison to the business of tho evening, and trusts that a cheering report ofthe results of this Jubilee Celebra- tion may be presented at the approaching anniversary of this Auxiliary Society." Da. BEDFORU seconded the resolution, enforcing the latter part of the resolution by pointing out that the efforts of the Society had counteracted tho irreligion which had prevailed fifty years ago, and that religion would be still endangered if it did not continue to be met by the circulation of the Holy Scriptures. THE SECBETjinY having put the resolution, it was carried by acclamation, and His EXCELLENCY in a very few words replied that be did not consider ho bad conferred any obligation ; it was a privilege to preside, and he was thankful that he bau been able to avail himself of that which was not only a privilege, but a duty. Referring to what had fallen from previous speakers, be first remarked upon the evident fact that, inasmuch as the population was increasing to a great extent, it was impossible for the Society to supply the children born, let alone fill up the gap which remained vacant at the present time. With respect to the wants of this particular colony, bo drew attention to the fact that there were many localities to which a minister could not penetrate, and that there were many persons who could not read the Bible if they had one. He urged the claims of the Society UIKHI their support, and hoped they would give liberally. His Excellency, accompanied by Colonel Last and Lieutenant Lochner, retired after praise had been sang, and tbe meeting separated. COUNTY OP BUCKINGHAM.-John Curwen Walker, h Esq., of Derwent Park, within the county of Buck- ft ingham, is a candidate for the vacancy in the Legis- lative Council, occasioned by the retirement of Mr. Nutt. REPRESENTATION OF BUCKINGHAM.-We have been informed that it was the intention of Mr. Kilburn to have offered himself as a candidate for this district, but hearing that the electors had already been exten- pi sively canvassed by tho friends of the medical gentle- c1 men offering themselves, and believing that as a c comparatively recent resident amongst us, although an old Australian colonist, he had but little chalice, hellas been reluctantly obliged to postpone his inten- tion until some future occasion. Mr. Kilburn, wo A believe, would have proved a suitable and useful repre- ti scntativc. Ile has, as is well known, a large stake in the town and country, and living, as he docs, in the condition of a private gentleman, unhampered by ti business tics, professional duties, or official influence, A he has leisure for devoting a large portion of his time to those duties which have induced the loss of the valuable services of Mr. Nutt, the retiring member. ACTION FOB DAMAOSS.-Air. J. C. Pylo, the auctioneer, has instructed his solicitor to commence an action against the Mayor for causing his clock to be sold to pay the fine inflicted on him for a breach of the 25th Bye-law. The action will come oiF in the Supreme Court in January next.-Cornwall Chronicle. WELLINGTON MEMORIAL. - It is likely that India will subscribe much moro than £10,000 towards this fund Already has the sum of £2,500 been subscribed at Madras. Many weeks since the Bombay subscrip- tion amounted to £2,200, aud we lately mentioned that Bengal bad contributed above £5000. We have not beard what has beou done in the colonies, but we should think that Ceylon, the Mediterranean, and the Canadas would not be backward, and Australia ought to recollect to whom she owes the state of universal peace, which has aided enterprise across the seas. We ore happy to perceive that the Militia are doing honour to the cloth by coming in with their subscrip- tions ; and we have reason to believe that in the next list we shall have the pleasure of publishing a num- ber of the gallant Yeomanry Corps will figure. Amidst this honourable competition among the various com . ?ponent parts of the British Forco, we confess that it j is with some surprise that we miss the 2nd Life Guards and the 10th Hussars from the honourable list of subscribing Regiments.-U. S. Gazette, July 2. THE SYDNEY HEBALD.-Tho partnership so long existing between Mr. C. Kemp and Mr. J. Fairfax, as proprietors of the Sydney Herald, was dissolved on the 30th ult., by mutual consent. Mr. Fairfax con- tinues the establishment, as sole proprietor ofthe newspaper. j STEAM COMMUNICATION.-In the Melbourne nouse of Legislature on Friday lost, Mr. Goodman gave I notice of motion that he would move for an address to His Excellency, praying that the sum of £50,000 be placed on the estimates for steam communication with Great Britain. Bow to Clarify Water. -A correspondent for- warded us tlio following recipe for killing animálculos and clearing muddy water used for drinking, re- marking that the information may bo welcome to many who have- at their stations water which occasionally is scarcely fit for use. " To every pint of water put one teaspoonful of limejuice; in less than ton minutes the animálculos aro precipitated to the bottom, leaving the water as pure as if filtered. Of course you must be careful not to shake the vessel The best method is to have two laigo juçs, so that while you are using the water from one, that in the other may be undergoing the clarifyiug process." 