LANDS AND LAND LAWS. WHEK a largo and crowded population is daily increasing, at tlio rate of* thousands ; when this population, with hands and pockets filled with monoy, aro struggling above all things to he permitted to attain tho first object of society-a permanent habitation ; nnd when an incompetent or vicious Government and Legislature con- tinuo to compress them in tho towns, like cattle in a pound, remoto from the wide and fertile districts of thc country, then it generally happens that a few facts will indicate tho line of march liko signposts. Of this description is ono fact, which we published in a recent number ; a fact, in rolation to tho profita derivable from agri- culture in this colony. Hitherto, norvou3 people, with only moderate capital, havo been very much deterred from agricultural pursuits, nnd no wonder. Tho ghost stories from tho squatting and oren some of tho settled districts were quito appalling. It required to bo n squatter, and a squattor needed to bo a giant, to live and roam in those arid soli- tudes. How they emerged at intorvals, in bulky pride, upon sleek curved-nocked chargers ; how their flocks and herds in- creased and multiplied prodigiously ; this marvellous result was to be accounted for, according to tho " Seven Champions " and tho " Arabian Nights," by tho strength of enchanted castles and tho fertility of tho black art of magic, and not at all accord- ing to tho account of Sir Thomas Mitchell, who appears to havo boen " enchanted " after quito a different fashion-onchantcd with tho natural prospect of a rich and grassy soil in vast plains, fit for either pasturo or agriculture. In this dilemma tho fact cannot fail to bo attractive at tho remote diggings, that ¿6-100 has been cleared ia ono year from tho cultivation of twenty acres of corn. It may lead to an industrial investigation with a view to substantial homesteads and slender graceful cottages entwiuod with fragrant blossoms. If an oasis can bo found in this great modern Sahara, to grow corn and cotton, to cultivate tho vine and tho olive, it is pleasanter than digging in tho mines to recline in tho shade of a man's own fig tree, " whoro thero is no ono to mako him afraid." A still more indicative faot, is tho work which Sir Gcorgo Groy is cutting out in Now Zoaland. This rough and ready Governor appears to bo aiming at the honour of transplanting tho Agrarian Law of Republican and Imperial Home, into that barbarous region of tho world. The patrician privileges of Mr. Gibbon Wakofield, of " Snfficient-high-Prico," and Bankruptcy-of-Adelaido notoriety, and his colleagues, aro more formidable im- pediments than tho most stringent rulos and regulations ever cnaotod for tho squatters. Nevertheless, tho old land- marks of monoply in Now Zoaland aro kicked asido with tho too of tho Go- vernor's boot, in a very summary manner, whenovor they ara found withstanding tho settlement and increase of an industrious population. Tho result is obvious to all passing observers. Tho cry of astonish mont and alarm of a company of "English absentóos, as this land at tho extremity of tho earth .is rudely shaken from their grasp, is almost drowned by the rush of immigrants to this modern back settle- ment under tho land system of America. It is not of courso to bo supposed that tho Canterbury Company, oithor in tho principals nt homo or thoir agents in Now Zealand, aro relinquishing thoir claims without a struggle. A verdict against tho Govornor in relation to ono district has been obtained in tho Supremo Court, and an appeal now lios, on tho part of tho Go- vernor and his Council, against that deci- sion, wo believe, to tho Judges in England. Tho Nelson Examiner informs us that at first it was intended to sot asido tho verdict of the Supremo Court, on technical grounds, but tho Governor being "ashamed" of this courso, deter- mined to try tho caso upon its merits; that is to say, wo supposo, its legal merits, the merits of its contents as a lognl rocord. If tho Govornor was " ashamed" upon theso grounds, wo think it a vory shamoful iniBtako for tho Govornor. Wo think it will bo moro shameful still if ho happen to bo boaton upon tho issuo, which is not at all improbablo. For tho Governor had grounds of justico and publie policy altogether fundamental to tho legal questions of the caso, and theso a clear- sighted ablo mau would fool bound to maintain, with ovory logitiniato means of dofonco, against Mr. Gibbon Wakefiold and his band of laud pirates. As to tho moritB of tho caso betwoon both parties, of courso tho innovating land regulations aro Bubjoot to ovory note of abuso in tho wholo gamut of tho Can- terbury Compnny and thoir Chorus, from shrill " robbery " down to tho bass of Mr. Wakofield, which oxprossos that tho mensuro is '* au electioneering schemo " of tho Governor's. Human oars, it would nppcary could not ondure it with common patience- at least not thoso of tho Hon. C. A. Dillon. This gontleman writes to say to Mr. Wakofiold-'* I demand to bo informed whether I am to consider myself as included amongst thoso against whom you bavo thu« done .your best to dis- seminata.,, libellous imputations,; affecting both'j public arid privato .character. An immediate., and. distinct answer to this question will oblige, ∨, «fcc." Mr. Wakefield, in reply, appears to think ho brayed a little too loudly on tho occasion. He writes that ho was unconscious Mr. Dillon held tho office of Commissioner of Crown Lands. Such is the ignornnco of new comers from a place sixteen thou- sand miles off." Still tho Government outrage is too grievous to bo borno in silence. " For tho first time in tho modern history of colonies, "England grants to a colonial people through their representa- tives the disposal of tho waste lauds, &c.;" This patriot must have graduated well in certain schools of politics, both at homo and in theso colonies ; for ho knows how to conceal privnto ends undor the cloak of tho public intorosts, and ho understands the meaning of *' the disposal of tho waste lands through tho hands of tho people's representatives" just as woU as Mr. Vt ont worth. Wo neod hardly say it is in vain to look for any just grounds of complaint amidst nil this clamour. Tho sale of tho lands loaves tho vested interests of th ORO absentees tho alternative cither of selling their land scrip in tho market, or, tho market price failing to bo remunerativo, to invest it in the purchase of land in tho land market. According to an organ that supports thom, the Nelson Examiner, thc worst that can happon one of these plun- dered individuals is-e' ho may invest in land, it is true, but instead of having to compoto with/ow ho has to compote with many." Wo confess, when one considers tho interests of tho country, and then hears tho clamours of thoso absentóos against a mcasuro which accords thom full and ampio justice, the too tingles in tho boot to send them right about after a be- fitting fashion. 