MISCELLANEOUS. Occupation op New Caledonia.— The following is extracted from a letter ad dressed by a gentleman who has had conside rable experience in the Island of the Corallian Sea. to a member of the Legislature of New South Wales:— "By the seizure of New Caledonia, the French have made them selves amends for the loss of St. Domingo, the only really valuable colony they ever had. Port St. Vincent, on its west coast, is os fine a harbour as Port Jack son, and admirably situated to enable them to capture every vessel entering or leaving the ports of New South Wales Now, Sir, as you are a skilful lawyer, tell me, if taking posses sion of lands roamed over by savagf s, by hoist ing a flag and firing - a salute by any one civilised people, will not be a valid claim against all other civilised countries. In 1769, Captain Cook discovered New Caledonia, landed at Belade Harbour, on its N.E. coast, h dated the British ensign, and took formal possession in the name of George the Third. D'd it not, then, from that moment become nart and parcel of the British territories ? Furthermore, if you would, on the re-assem bling of Council, move an address to the Governor-General for a copy of all the com missions of all the Governors, from Governor Phi Hit) down to Sir Charles Fitz Roy, you will find that all lands discovered, or to be discovered, lying within 30 degrees east of the eastermost Ijind of New South Wales, are ex pressly included in each commission, and con sequently New Caledonia, which is only 10 degrees east of us, is so included. Take the map of this part of the world, and you will see north of New South Wales that invaluable country called New Guinea, discovered fairly by the Dutch and Spaniards 3-50 years ngo, but coasted and surveyed accurately by Cnpt. William Dumpier in 1700, in the Roebuck English man-of- war, and by him taken pos session of in the name of King William the Third, 1400 miles long, and 300 wide, only 60 miles distant from Cape York. The French have long had an eye to New G«inea, as the writer knows to a certainty. This will be the next seizure and then think of the con sequences. A peep at Guano tvubkb it is gathered Having anchored between the north and middle islands, at the latter of which we are to load, we will borrow the boat and hnve a closer look at the huge muck heap. Pulling half round the island to the landing place, we step ashore on a narrow slip of sandy beach, which appears to be cleared from the surrounding rocks for our special convenience. Our appearance disturbs thousands of the web footed natives ; these thousands count with the old hands as nothing, for they tell us that the shipp:ng have driven all the hirds away. Sailing above us is a flock of pelicans, boverinr over the clear water like hawks, which they resemble in their mode of dar'ing down or stooping on their prey. One of these every instant drops from the flock, as though a ball had whistled through its brain; but, after a plunge, he is soon seen rising to the surface with a fish struggling in his c.ipacious pouch. Nearer to us, whirling round our heads, are gannets, mews, mutton-birds, divers, gulls, guano birds, and a host of others, whose names are unknown to the vulgar. On the detached rocks and the lower edge of the island—member of a pretty numerous convocation—stands the penguin, the parson bird of the sailor, whose good name is fairly earned by his cut-away black coat, white tie, and solemn demeanour. His short legs planted far back, and his long body, do not fit him for a walk ashore ; but he will sit for hours on a little rock just washed by the waves, apparently in such deep ahsence of inind, that passers by are tempted to approach in hope of catching him. , Just as the boat nears him, and a hand is already stretched out to grasp his neck, away he goes head over heels in a most irreverent and ridiculous manner, dives under the boat, and shows his head again about a quarter of a mile out at sea, where the sailor may catch him who can, for he is the fastest swimmer and the best diver that ever dipped. Stepping over the mortal remains of several sea. lions, in a few strides are on the guano, and in the very next step, in it up to our knees. The guano is regularly stratified ; the lower strata are solidified by the weight of the upper, and have acquired a dark red colcur, which hecomes gradually lighter towards the surface. On the surface it has a whitey-bruwu light crust, very well baked by the sun ; it is a crust containing eggs, being completely honey-combed by the birds, which scratch deep oblique holes to serve as nests, wherein eggs, seldom more than two to each nest, are deposited. These holes, often running into each other, form long galle ries with several entrances, und this mining system is so elaborately carried out. that you can scarcely put a foot on any part of the islands, without sinking to the knee and being tickled with the sense of a hard beak digging into your unprotected ankles The egg-shells and the hones and remains of fish brought by the o d birds lor their young, must form a considerable part of the substance of guano, which is thus in a great measure deposited beneath the suiface. and then thrown out by the birds.—Household Words. People who cannot be Astonished.—I pitv the man who cannot be astonished. Yet there are many such inen—people of so non-mirabo:ant a nature, so cold- blooded, so fishy in t. rnparument, that they marvel at, are perplexed, or are bewilder* d by nothing. If the ghost of their grandmother were to rise before them, they would request the appari tion to shut the door and be seated. If the sky were to rain potatoes, ihey wonld simply thank Heaven for its bounties, and perhaps give themselves the trouble to entreat that, next time it rained, it wou d rain upwards instead of downwards. As Murat said (< r is said to have said ■ of Talleyrand you might kick them in the back for hours without the slightest change of countenance passing over them. An eaithquake in Regent street, a maeltrom in Chelsea-reach, a sirocco in Pall-mell, the sea serpent in the Fleet Ditch, an alligator in Fetter-lane, snow in July, and sun-strokes in January—all these marvels would draw from them no observation more denotin..' agitation than a languid " dear me 1" or a feeble " Flow curious !" if the earth were to stand still, and the sun to turn green, they would, with a minute's reference to their almanacks, take the phenomena foi granted. With them the world is a ball on which they live ; and what there may be inside it, or underneath it, or above it, is 110 concern of theiis In society they are known as "people who mind their own businessand, being a rather numerous class and comprising within their ranks many peers and landed proprietors, bankers, and merchants, are highly esteemed and respected for their want of curiosity and their discreet immo bility. They make money; and as for the poor people who can be and aie astonished, and whoso astouishification, leading them from inquiry to dis covery. and thence to the invention of machines, to I the elucidation of scientific truths, and to the per fection of the arts a hich adorn and humanise society | —they live up steep flights of stairs, and don't dine every day. Dickens's Household Words. Pooh-Pooh.—-Pooh-pooh is a surly old gentle man, not without his virtues. It is his delight to throw eo'.d water ran ardent projectors, and save people from deluding themselves with extravagant views of human imp ovement. There is the same kind of respectability about Pooh-pooh which makes Liberals glad when they can get a Conservative to head a requisition, or take the chair at a meeting. But Pooh-pooh is more remarkable for his bad side tthan his good one. Without hopes or faith in any lung himself, he tends to discourage all hopeful effort in others. Had he his way, there would never be any brilliant or highly useful thing done. He would keep all down to a fixed level of routine, passable, but only just enough to escape eensure. He wishes to make thecoursehe takesappearas springing i from a hatred of the extravagant; but it often eomes ' mainly from a desire to avoid being troubled, or worse still, from a jealousy of the people who strive to be extra good or great. He certainly is not quite the infallible sage he wishes to pass for. The fact is, there is not one of the important inventions and extensions of power of the last wonderful age, which has not had to struggle against the chilling philosophy of Mister Pooh-pooh. History is full of the instan ces in which he has condemned, as impiacticable and absurd, proposals which have ultimately, in spite of him, borne the fairest fruit. Gas-lighting was referred to Sir Humphrey Davy and Wollaston, as the two men best qualified to judge of its feasibility ; but Mr Pooh-pooh was at their elbow, to insinuate all sorts of objections and difficulties, and they pronounced against an article of domes tic utility which is now used, more or less, in nearly every house in every town and village in the kingdom. It was all that steam-navigation could do to get over Pooh-pooh s opposition. Even James Watt, who had in a manner made the steam-engine, gave way to the whispers of Pooh-pooh regarding its use in vessels. Sir Joseph Banks was applied to by some enthusiastic advocate of this application; when, under the inspiration of Pooh-pooh, who stood beside him, he said—"It is a pretty plan, Sir; but there is just one little point overlooked—that the steam-engine requires a firm basis on which to work." He sent away the man, under the disgrace of his pity, and, we suppose, thought no more of the matter tilt he heard of steamers plying regularly on the Hudson and the Clyde, with or without the firm basis to work upou. Pooh-pooh is apt to be rather shabby afterwards about his false premises and prophe ies. When the Crystal Palace was projected, and Pooh-pooh was consulted, he said it would never stand the winds, but quickly tumble down like a cast e of cards. Afterwards, when this hope of his—for his inauspicious views are always founded upon hopes—wag proved by the event to be ikllacio'is, he explained the matter away: he had only said that, unless made of the requisite strength it would fall! He does not like to be reminded of his false predictions ; but it is seldom he has to suffer in that way, for, when a great and useful novelty has been successfully arcomplisi.ed, the public generally confines its thoughts to the honoured author, taking but little heed of Mister Pooh-pooh and his now vain prognostications—who, on his part, seldom then goes beyond a few quiet nibbles at the grandeur of the achievement Reflections on Lova—A little afore day I wakes, up, and rubs my eyes, and [ thought I herred some one a movin', so say I, steward, how is her (iead ? But steward didn't answer, so I enswered for him; Pretty well f thank you, Sir. How is yenrn ? And that made me laugh ; but still I was a little bewidlered. I thought I was on board the Black Hawk; but I stretched out my leg first 011 one side and then on the other, and found I was in bed. Yes, ggis I, a.bed, that's sartaain; but where ? Oh, I have it I at Squire Collingwood's Why, Sam, sais I, it ain't possible you are in love, when even the thought of dear Sophy couldn't keep you awake for ha f an-hour. But I am tho', that's a fact. Oh dear, what nonsense people talk about love, don't they ? Sleepless nights— broken dreams —beatin' hearts—pale faces—a pinin' away to sbaders—fits of absence—loss of appetite—nar vous flutterins, and all that I havn't got the symptoms, but I'll swear to the disease. Folks take this talk, I guess, from poets, and they are miserable, mooney soit of critters, Iia!f mad and whole lazy, who w«u d rather take a day's dreams than a day's work any time, and catch rybmes a, niggers catch flics to pass time—hearts and darts' etipid and stupid, purlin' streams and purlin dreams, and so on. Ir'g all bunkum ! Spooney looks and spooney words may do for schoolboys and seminary galls; but for a man like me, and an angeliferous critter, like Sophy, lova must be ike electricity—eye for eye, and heart for heart, tdcgraphed backwards and forwards like 'iicd lightnin'. Well, sais I to myself, confound the thing, Sam, you didn't make no great headway outlier, did you, tho' you did go it pretty strong. Thinks I again, you haven't had no great ex perience in these matters, Sam, and that's just where you made the mistake. You went at it too strong. Courtin' a gall, I guess, is like catchin' a young horse in the pastur. Xou put the oats in a pan, hide the halter, and soft-sawder the critter, and it comes up softly aud shyly at first, and.puts its nose to the prain, and gets a taste, s'ands off and munches a little, looks round to see that the coast it clear, and advances cautions agaiu, ready for a go if yon are rough. Well, you soft-sawder it all the time :—so-so, pet, gently, pet ! there's a pretty doll! and it gets to kind a like it, and comes closer, and you think you have it, make a grab at his mane, and it ups head and tail, snorts, wheels short round, lets go both hind feet at you, aud off like a shot. That comes of being in a hurry. Now, if yqu had put your hand up slowly towards its shoulder, and felt along the neck for the mane, it might perhaps have drawed away, as much as to say, hands off, if you please ; I like your oats, but I dont wan't you, ihe chance is you would have caught it. Well, what's your play now you have mused it? Why, you don't give cbace, for that enly scares a critter ; but you stand still, shake the oats in the pan, aud say. cope, cope, cope, and it stops, looks at you, and comesup again, but awful skittish, stretches its neck out ever so far. steals a few grains, and then peeps at a re spectful distance. Now what do you do then ? Why, shake the pan, and move slowly, as if you were gem' to leave the pastur and make tor hum when it repents of bein' so distrustful, comes up. and yoy slips the halter on.— Sam Slick's wise saws and modern instances. Good Riddance.—Mrs Perry, a young " bloomer," has eloped from Monson, Mass., with ! Levins Clough. When her husband found she was determined to go, he gave her 200 dollars to start with. Dr. Cartwrigbt of New Orleans, asserts, from personal experience, that a few hours spent in a sugar manufactory, inhaling the saccharing fumes is s certain cure for consumption. Knowledge may slumber in the memory, but it never dies; it is like the dormouse in the ivied tower that sleeps while winter lasts, but awakes with the warm breath of spring. 