L O C A L . | ELECTION OF ALOERMAN.—The no-ninatioi of candidates for the vacant aide, m.iuic s« takes place to-day at noon at the New Mnrkci We have not heardofathird candidate f,nhonor; the tug of war will therefore be tween Messrs AlurpUy aud Thomson, whoi respective friends are equally coulid -nt success. The polling will take pla-e I mn row at 0 in the morning, and conclu in i at 4 in the nft i-noon. I DISSOLVING VIEWS.-The third and co; eluding exhibition tikes place to-morro evening at the Me; anics' Institute; ihe pri pi ietors have for tnis purpos», aud to affonl g neral opportunity to woull be spectators reduced the prices « f almisdon. : A NUISANCE, -lticnard Bjtters, in the service of Sir -Mays, L vci-pool-street, ivas,-ha -get on Saturday, before the Police Magistrue, with miscon Inct i • eao.jtyi.ig a quantity ol ! night soil in a public pla:e in l'.urick-streel opposite a dwei.i.ig-'iouse. His worship oa . tlie application of Mr Mays, lircet.-d t.iat I defendant siinuld be tried as a fr c man pleaded guilty. Constable Bryo i bavin; . stated the particulars, the Police .Migistrati I inflicted a penalty of twenty shillings, ad liii] j tluit it it had appeared tnat the act had Ucj wi.fnl, he should nave ordered the ful pena'ty. ROIAL VICTORIA THEATRE.—S'lakosp-'are 1 sublime Tragedy of Hain et, was p -seuteil a I this Tneatrc 011 Fri ny evening, Mr. Start j the American Trage .ian, tikiug Ins be ie(i •on the occasion. For 6 nnc lime btfore tin period of opening the roal in front ofU11 I fheat.-e was t'iro.ige I by -an eager crow 1 anx I ious to gain abnission; anl wiicn tie dio.' I were opeuel, Ilie hou-e was ruKkly filled ii every part: indeed ive undei-staii I that ever; ( piivate box was taken by II 0VI0 k iu th' : moruingof the previ ms day Asa whole (lie trage ly pissel off well, though mach cur tailed, wc Eiippis? ill d-le ci.cc to the capa 1 bilities of the performers ; but it 6truck u; ' that Mr Sta k, as II .m.rt, wa* not so cffectiv [ ns in otlic.- characters; and although iu bomi passages lie was very fine, still we cannoi help thingiiig that lie played 111010 lo his andicnce, than according to his own tas judgment. The same nmirks will in somi measure apply to Mrs. Stark. Although it not our wish to say one word which would have a tendency to detract fr m the merits of these talented performers, still justice compels us to slate that, in our opinion, 011 this occasion they did not come up to that conception nf the character which renders it the most difficult in the whole walk of tragedy. Miss Wa's iu, the Manager's daughter made her debut as Ophelia. Being her firs anncarance, the young lady wa3 naturally e • igh rather nervo is, but we are lia/ py to suite that we see not'iing provided she takes the necessary pains and infuses a little more feeling into her part, to prevent her beeom ing a good actress. It the Ghost we recognised an old ncpniintancc — Aiabin, and ad mii-ably well did lie sustain liis part- .Mr. Turner also, as Horatio, was deserving of commendation- lint Mr A'Beckett Evans appeared to have entirely mistaken the c!i;i racter he had to pi-rso.iate ; Polonius is not a mountebank, bntu crafty, somewhat conceited old courtier, but still a man of high aud honorable feeling. witness his advice to his son, which, by ihe way, fortun itely for the actor, was among the oinitled p irts. W hesitation in saying this was not Mr Evans's Polonius; as a gintlenn 1 a.i 1 a man of elu cation, too, wc hum whether he would aspirate his w ir Is like his representative, bein! rather "ftair,' fir "air," cncucyfiel. As tho 1st Grave-digg-r, Mr Evans was lietter The rest of the performers went through their pa -ts >1 tolei-ably tne periorincrs w,-ll. ~ went througii enterL-iiiimeuts tolerably well- Thu criming'' Happy Han, ants closed with the Farce of " <" t\ps evening u,' u which Othello" caused will much be again iaughtcr. performed, in ng which "Othello" Mr St irk will will be again a-ipnar per- at lago, Mr Ai-ahin as Othsllo, nnl Mrs Stark as Emilia. Would Ihe actors but take a practical lesso 1 from Himlct's directions (0 their predeeesso 3 on the Dinish Stige, it would he a wonderful imp-nvenient. EMBEZZLEMENT — A respscta'ilc looking mm, name , Ge"irge llitc'ii storemin to his worship the Mayor, is under rem 1:11 charged with em leziling the 8 nn of one and sixpence. A NUISANCE—Uiclm-d B11 ters, in thesfrviceof Mr Mays, Liverpool-street, wasc'iargd m Saturday, b.-forc the Police Migistrate, with misconluct iu emptying a ^quantity of night soil in a p ihlic place in Patrick-street' ipposite a dwelling house His Worship, oa the application of Mr Mays, directed tliat lefendant should be tried nsa free man He, pleaded guilty. Constable Bryon having stated the particulars, the l'olioe Magistrate indicted apcnal yof'tivcn y shillings aiding, 1 that if it had appeared that the act hail bceu wilful, he should have order tli- full penalty ELECTION ron ALOERMAN*—T LEN-iminati 'n if candidates for the vacant nldermmic sent, akes place fo-day at 'loon, at the New Mi'* tiet Wc have not heard of a third for the honor, the tug of war w»' ' h , ( ' rctor n <e between M.-tsrs Murphy nud lh°m-on, whose respective frio'"' 3 are equally confident .f success. Tho pi-tting will take place tomorrow, comm -ncing at 9 in tho morniug, ,nd conclu ling at 4 in the afternoon. DISSOLVING VIEWS—The third and concluding exhibition takes place to-mm-i '•veiling nt tho Mechanics' Institute; proprietors have for this purpise, and ti afford a general opportunity 10 woiild-h spe -tatorp, reduced the prices of admission. THE NEW MARBET—Early on Satur lnJ morning, n number of persons with carts 1™ baskets laden with fruit and vegetables, ns s-.-mblc l in front of the New Market, in ev pecta'io in consequence of the Ucuteiiimr Governor s Proclamation, that tne buil'lm* woull be opened fo-the s-ile of tho various lirnhn» th-y hal brought. Aftnr wamjli some time, fin ing m porsin in attonJanccto open t ie nuil i .g, t ie vendors disposed ' 01 part of the coram . lities in front of the bull''' in I, and the remainder, we believe, was sow in the streets. , » PEACE AND QUIETNESS.—Wo are remind" tfussoWisMi® specter riiillip for his ^r" tothis Colony )hy the wsl oroperty la to be lirld to-day E S v 1 lvcy in Argyle and 0.1..1U- ^o resi fences better calculated ivoth than the .house an J cottage w not know i n Hotart Town. They possess 5?at iiiwluablo recommendation of having I"" l,„5\thT a matt who understood what w necessaty to conifort,and male that his f S K as is too frequently the case SSSnc the apartro-nts to oon6rm to. the S i l o f the building, and thus emmpine one place, miking .another too Weand the l i itself what it too often "ft.' where the residents must accommoda ItSSfto its inconveniences, instead of makin convenience toaeoomodMe the regents That tlieir appearance 5s " I f their convenience came of itself as would really he always tliecuse, if the first otye werecomfortjand form were made subservie to ll. Knowing both houses well, we spe from ourown experience of the comforts to ™joyed in them, and regret ouch thecir- Snstances that have thrown them .nto the m™rket, fortunate though it must be whoever b^omes the purchaser. These ci cumstances ensure their being no reserve, ^hwebeen assured by the proprietor* A •rod many excelent things have been mjoyed in both And now that they are changing hands, a copious champagne lun formsa fittermination of their {tenure by th present owners. 