THE CATHEDRAL It is, of course, impossible to give any idea of the simple and magnificently bold proportions of this great Christian temple to those who have not seen it, or some similar building by which they can form a standard of comparison ; still less was its aspect yesterday capable of being rendered to strangers by any word-painting. Even those who best know the building, which the genius of Wren has made the architectural chef d’œuvre of London, could scarcely have re- cognized it without a little preparation as the then appeared. A faint twinkling circlet of gas jets ran flickering round by the base of the great dome, lighting up the limbs and features of the actors, in the huge subjects painted on the concave walls above, and seem- ing to endue them with a double life. In a line with the base of the dome, and stretching from capital to capital of the pilasters which in equal partition mark out the walls of nave and transept throughout the length and breadth of St. Paul’s, the same simple but most effective decoration was called into use, and lighted the base of the semicircular roof with a line of bright fire. Sweeping round the areas covered by the dome a grand circle of seats rose from the floor to the furthest available height in the rear, spreading far into the transept in receding rows, and coming abruptly to a space of not more than four or five rows deep, where the broad pillars at the end of the nave cut off its further extension. The floor of the nave was covered with black baize or cloth, and at each side was a long bench, extending from the entrance to the circular area under the dome, behind which rose, for the space of three or four feet, a wooden partition, decorated, at intervals of two or three feet, by escocheons of the late Duke, on black satin with white borders. Behind this partition were situated the seats intended for the military and naval officers present at the ceremony, placed tier above tier, so as to command a view of the procession to the area. Over the western entrance and the sides of the transept were galleries, which were filled by privileged ticket-holders. The seats at each side of the organ were also crowded, and the wide expanse of benches reserved for peeresses and their friends, which spread from the organ loft almost to the floor of the area, were occupied by ladies, most of whom were in deep mourning. In the centre of the areas beneath the dome was placed a frame about 8 feet high, by the same length, and by breadth of 5 feet, covered with black cloth, and some seats or hassocks were arranged around it, of the same colour with white borders. Directly in the centre of the south semi-circumference of the area was fixed the seat of the Lord Chancellor. Behind his Lordship’s seat were the places reserved for the House of Lords. To their right, on the south-east side of this area, were the places reserved for the generals and other high officers of our service. Oppos- site to the Lord Chancellor’s chair was placed that of the Speaker of the House of Commons, and behind it were the seats reserved for mem- bers of that honourable body. On the left of the Commons sat the corps diplomatique. On the right of the Commons were the Corpora- tion of the city of London and the other cor- porations which had sent representatives. On the right of the corporations was the deputa- tion from the University of Cambridge, while directly opposite to them, on the other side and on the left of the Lords, came the depu- tation from the University of Oxford. It was intended at first that the four rows in front on each side of the nave should be oc- cupied by military and naval officers, but the struggle to get in at the early part of the morn- ing was so great, that the lines of red and blue were somewhat broken in upon and diversified by black and white. At first the general impression left by the scene was rather cold and unsatisfactory. The seats were not quite filled. The temporary population of the cathedral was shifting and fitful, and some occasional sunbeams rather impaired the effect of the gas illumination. The surpassing interest of the occasion, how- ever, soon overcame the influence of all such trivial drawbacks. As the eye gazed the pic- ture was filling with every colour and with every touch of art. It grew from a mere black gaunt skeleton framework of wood and stone, and sombre faces and heads, lighted by ser- pentine gas jets, into a vast dome, with wide spreading arms and wings, which embraced within its grasp all that this great empire can produce of genius, science, and statesman- ship. From the time the door was opened— about seven o’clock—the numbers continued to increase very rapidly, and as the arrange- ments for setting down the visitors, excellent and extensive as they were, did not meet their eagerness, many of them left their carriages and walked to the cathedral. The early morning was dark, windy, and wet, but, with rare good fortune for such a time of the year, the sight-seers in the streets were favoured with fine weather, for it cleared up as the day advanced, though a biting cold wind, which whistled down the western entrance along the nave, searching the very bones of the spectators, reminded them forcibly and in- creasingly that it was an English autumn out- side. Many put handkerchiefs over their heads, and at last the cold became so intense that most of the persons in the back of the nave were compelled to put on their hats, not- withstanding the sacred character of the place. The old generals, with true military punctu- ality, were among the earliest arrivals, and the quarters of the area devoted to them was filled very speedily. The old admirals were equally exact, and every eye in the cathedral was soon directed to that quarter where orders, stars, ribands, and crosses, glittering on bright scarlet and blue, told of men who had served their country and had fought by the side of the great warrior whose remains were approaching their last home. Sir C. Napier, with his eagle face, moving stiffly along from the effects of his old wounds, his brother, Sir William, with a frame, if possible, still more shattered Sy ball and perforated by bayonet, — Lord Gough, with his noble soldierlike bearing, Lord Seaton, Lord Combermere, Sir James M‘Donnell, Sir A. Woodford, Sir W. Cotton, —these and many another gallant veteran, called one’s mind back to the days when Wel- lesley led his ill-provided levies against the a disciplined battalions of the great Emperor. and taught a generation of soldiers who are yet among us the way to conquer. About 10 o’clock the Duc de Brabant, and the Comte de Flandres, sons of the King of the Belgians, entered the cathedral. They were dressed in the uniform of their respective regi- ments, the Guides and Lancers, and were attended by Colonel le Comte de Moerkerke, Comte de Briey, and Sir R. Carswell. The young Princes, who attracted a good deal of attention, took up their places in the left am- phitheatre. Soon afterwards the members of the House of Commons began to make their appearance in detachments as boat after boat conveyed them to Paul’s stairs. Almost the first who walked up the nave was Mr. Hume, accompanied by Sir J. Walmesley. At 11 o’clock many honorable members had taken their places, among whom were Sir J. Gra- ham, Sir C. Wood, Mr. Keogh, Mr. F. Fla- herty, Mr. Swift, and many others ; and mean- while, as every minute passed, the mass of uniforms grew denser and brighter to the eye. as the wearers climbed up from the floor of the nave and took their places in the front seats above, which were filled in a line, not very much broken, three or four deep, from end to end on both sides of the passage, with the officers of every branch of the service. As the sunlight shot obliquely in through the windows, and cast its rays down through the amber-coloured blaze of the gas, it fell with wonderful effect on the varied hues to be seen in the body of the cathedral. Here were the generals all scarlet and gold, dotted with admirals in blue and white ; there the diversi- fied uniforms of the representatives of foreign Powers, where Count Walewski displayed the uniform of France, though “our old ally,” Austria was absent ; again, the sable of Peers and Commons, the red and purple gowns of the corporations, the black robes and white and red hoods of the university deputations, and the immense array of faces rising pile after pile, and diminishing into mere specks in the distance, beneath the arches of the upper galleries. At 11.35 the military bands outside the western en- trance struck up a dead march, which they played at intervals till the procession ap- proached, and the funeral bell tolled solemnly, blending with the strains of the music in mournful unison. At 11.35 also, the 83 Chelsea pensioners, having black wands in their hands, marched into the nave in two lines and wheeling round, sat down in the seats beneath the rows of officers. The poor fellows seemed tired enough, and, with the steadiness of old soldiers, who had seen too much of the world to be interested in anything, they scarcely looked at the splen- did preparations around them. They were followed by the men selected from every regi- ment in the service which had taken part in the procession. In quick succession followed, in groups, the various bodies assisting at the ceremonial from the Horse Guards to the cathedral. Officers of the army, of the navy, of various foreign services—the great Ministers of State, and the judges, moved slowly onwards, filling up the nave with a rich stream of colour on which the eye rested with- out fatigue, while every accession added to the interest of the scene. The procession entered in the order which had been observed through- out. As each flag and guidon was carried to the area of the place wheron the coffin was to lie it was planted in due order by the bearer. The Commons, nobly headed by the Speaker, moved to their places ; among those present, in addition to those already named, were Mr. Disraeli, Sir J. Pakington, Mr. Beresford, Mr. Christopher, Mr. Walpole, and about 300 other hon. gentlemen. Next came the Lords, preceded by the Lord Chancellor, in state. Among them were the Earl of Derby, the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Earl of Malmesbury, the Earl of Carlisle, the Duke of Argyll, Earl St. Germans, the Bishop of Ox- ford, the Bishop of Winchester, Lord Melville, the Bishop of London, Lord Broughton, the Duke of Newcastle, Lord Lyttelton, Lord Campbell, the Earl of Cardigan, &c.; The Ministers moved round and took their places at the right hand side of the area in front of the Lords. Mr. Disraeli was seated between Mr. Christopher and Mr. Beresford. Then came the marshals and generals of Spain, Russia, Prus- sia, Portugal, the Netherlands, and Hanover, in their gorgeous uniforms, moving slowly onwards towards the area, amid the strains of sad music, till they formed in two glittering columns around the resting place of the bier. At a quarter past twelve, the Bishop of London and the Dean of St. Paul’s heading the clergy and the choir, proceeded slowly up the nave from the organ to the entrance to receive the re- mains of the great Duke. Clothed in white, with black bands and sashes, the procession, thus headed, moved in two streams two and two through the dignified and richly attired assemblage till they halted at the door, where they drew up in column four deep. A consider- able delay took place in removing the coffin from the funeral car, which tended somewhat to impair the effect of the solemn ceremonial. For nearly an hour this untoward stoppage ex- cited the anxiety of the spectators, who could not understand the cause of it ; but at length there was an universal hush, and, as if moved by one mind, the whole of the vast assembly stood up in respectful grief as the coffin which contained the remains of the great Duke ap= peared in sight, preceded by the choir with measured tread as they chanted the beginning of the burial service by Dr. Croft. When the coffin was borne in, the wind stirred the feather of the Marshall’s hat placed upon the lid, and produced an indescribably sorrowful effect, in giving an air of light and playful life to that where all was dead. And thus, with the hoarse roar of the multitude without as they saw their last of Arthur, Duke of Wellington, with the grand and touching service of our church sounding solemnly through the arched dome and aisles of the noble church, with the glis- tening eye and hushed breath of many a gallant as well as of many a gentle soul in that vast multitude — with the bell tolling solemnly the knell of the departed, taken up by the voice of the distant cannon, amid the quiet waving of bannerol and flag, surrounded by all the great- ness of the land — with all the pomp and glories of heraldic achievement, escocheon and device — his body was borne up St. Paul’s. At 1.40 the coffin was slid off the moveable carriage in which it had been conveyed up the nave to the frame in the centre of the area under the dome, which, as our readers have been informed, was placed almost directly over the tomb of Nelson, which lies in the crypt below. The marshal’s hat and sword of the deceased were removed from the coffin, and in their place a ducal coronet, on a velvet cushion was substituted. The foreign Marshals and Generals stood at the head of the coffin ; at the south side of it stood his Royal Highness Prince Albert, with his baton of Field-Marshal, in his hand, and attired in full uniform, standing a little in ad- vance of a numerous staff of officers. At each side of the coffin were British generals who had acted as pall-bearers. After the psalm and anthem, the Dean read with great solemnity and impressiveness the lesson, 1 Cor. xv., 20, which was fol- lowed by the Nunc Dimittis, and a dirge, with the following words set to music by Mr Goss :— “ And the King said to all the people that were with him. ‘ Rend your clothes and gird you with sackcloth and mourn.’ And the King himself followed the bier. “ And they buried him. And the King lifted up his voice and wept at the grave, and all the people wept. And “ And the King said unto his servants, ‘ Know ye not that there is a Prince and a great man fallen this day in Israel ?’ ” And now came the roll of muffled drums, and the wailing notes of horn and cornet, and the coffin slowly sank into the crypt amid the awful trains of Handel’s “ Dead March.” The ducal crown disappeared with its gorgeous support, and in the centre of the group of ge- nerals and nobles was left a dark chasm, into which every eye glanced sadly down, and all knew indeed that a Prince and a great man had that day gone from Israel. The remaining por- tions of the funeral service were then performed. The congregation were requested to join in the responses to the Lord’s Prayer and the effect of many thousand voices in deep emotion repeating the words after the full enunciation of the Dean was intensely affecting. “ His body is buried in peace, But his name liveth evermore,” from Handel’s funeral anthem, was then most effectively performed by the choir. And then Garter King at Arms, standing over the vault, proclaimed the titles and orders of the de- ceased, “ whom Heaven was pleased to take from us : “ — Arthur Wellesley, he said, was the Most High, Mighty, and Most Noble Prince, Duke of Wellington, Marquis of Wel- lington, Marquis of Douro, Earl of Welling- ton, in Somerset, Viscount Wellington of Tala- vera, Baron Douro, of Wellesley, Prince of Waterloo, in the Netherlands, Duke of Cuidad Rodrigo, in Spain, Duke of Brunnoy, in France, Duke of Victoria, Marquis of Torres Vedras, Count of Vimiera, in Portugal, a Grandee of the First Class in Spain, a Privy Councillor, Commander-in-Chief of the British army, Colonel of the Grenadier Guards, Colonel of the Rifle Brigade, a Field- Marshal of Great Britain, a Marshal of Russia, a Marshal of Austria, a Marshal of France, a Marshal of Prussia, a Marshal of Spain, a Marshal of Portugal, a Marshal of the Nether- lands, a Knight of the Garter, a Knight of the Holy Ghost, a Knight of the Golden Fleece, a Knight Grand Cross of the Bath, a Knight Grand Cross of Hanover, a Knight of the Black Eagle, a Knight of the Tower and Sword, a Knight of St. Fernando, a Knight of William of the Low Countries, a Knight of Charles III., a Knight of the Sword of Swe- den, a Knight of St. Andrew of Russia, a Knight of the Annunciaco of Sardinia, a Knight of the Elephant of Denmark, a Knight of Maria Theresa, a Knight of St. George of Russia, a Knight of the Crown of Rue of Saxony, a Knight of Fidelity of Baden, a Knight of Maximilian Joseph of Bavaria, a Knight of St. Alexander Nevsky of Russia, a Knight of St. Hermenegilda of Spain, a Knight of the Red Eagle of Brandenburgh, a Knight of St. Januarius, a Knight of the Golden Lion of Hesse Cassel, a Knight of the Lion of Baden, a Knight of Merit of Wurtem- berg, the Lord High Constable of England, the Constable of the Tower, the Constable of Dover Castle, Warden of the Cinque Ports, Chancellor of the Cinque Ports, Admiral of the Cinque Ports, Lord-Lieutenant of Hamp- shire, Lord-Lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets. Ranger of St. James’s Park, Ranger of Hyde Park, Chancellor of the University of Oxford, Commissioner of the Royal Military College, Vice- President of the Scottish Naval and Military Academy, the Master of the Trinity- house, is Governor of King’s College, a Doctor of Laws, &c.; Then the late Duke’s controller having broken in pieces his staff of office in the household, handed it to the Garter King at Arms, who cast the fragments into the vault. The choirs and chorus sang the hymn, “Sleepers, awake !” and the Bishop of London, standing by the side of the Lord Chancellor, pro- nounced the blessing, which concluded the ceremony. And thus was buried, with all state and honour, the great Duke of Wellington. 