IRELAND. The Irish Executive. Lord-Lieutenant of Ire land, .Lord Sc. Germans ; Chief Secretary to the Lord-Lieutenant of In land, Sir. J. Young ; Lord Chance.lor of Ireland, the lit. Hon. M. Brady i Attorney-General for Ireland, Mr. Brews er ; ?Solicitor-General, Mr. Keogh. The talented editor of the Tablet has written a lonir letter to Mr. Keogh, deprecating his accep tance of office. We will give it next week. The London correspondent of the Freeman says : — 'The effect of the acceptance of office under. Lord John Russell and his allies by the men who Jed the brigade section of the Irish party is most damaging to the character of the country. Irishmen of all parties feel that their individual status has been more or less damaged by such open aban« don men c of all former pledges, and of the very semblance of principle. It is vain to attempt to persuade men that the act is the act of a few, and not the act of the party. — The enemies of the country of the err id of the Irish people scoff, and insult, and monk. The more sober even of the Whigs admit the shame and degradation which has been brought upon the nanse of Irish representatives though 'hey rejoice in the act which has restored the Duruim letter writer to power. The country however, has its own vindication in its own hands.' Maynooth College — Vacant Professorship. On Wednesday the examination for the Chair of Sacred Scripture and Hebrew vacated by^the ele vation of the Most liev. Dr. Dixon to the Primacy, took place in the college. But one candidate pre sented himself (the Rev. Mr. Gillick, Professor in the Irish College Paris). Tho Rev. gentleman having b^imr examined, was declared qualified. — Freeman's Juurna '. OUTRAGES IN C'ASTLEDAWSON BT OrANGBMEN. — ? We have seen a lener received in Belfast, in which lie writer Btales that on Christmas evening, after dark, the Orangemen of Aughrim went in a body to Casiledawson, and commenced operations by /firing a serious of volleys opposite a house there ; and they then sallied through the town, wbea they ?wrecked the houses of three lloman Catholics, They then fired several times, and some persons were ?wounded. Our correspondent mentions that a girl was pu'tinff up ahutlpraona window, and was Bhot in tie b ek he ba 1 passing out by her breast. — lie1 fast Mercwy Dh,AiH of' the Very Rey. Michael Toole, P.P. Nakaghmore — The above mucli respected clergy ma:) expired at Baltimore on Monday evening last, the 1 3th inst., after a painful and lingering illness, which he bore with the most edifying resignation. .He was very early appointed by the Most Rev. Dr. Troy to the parish of Kneuilen, ard afterwards to tbe parish of Suggaitl. Tie lat.^ Archbishop, Dr. Murray, removed him to the parish of Blessington. from which he was translated to that of Naraghmore county Kildare, where he discharged the pastoral funct ons wiiii uneb'trusive and unostentatious piety for upwards of 27 years. Mr. Cogan,: M. P. — We regret to learn that Mr. Cogan is still so unwell that he is confind to his room and his medical aitpndants have restricted him from transacting any business whatever. In London, Lof'us Bland, one of the memhtrs for King's County is also, we are sorry to hear, still suffering from sev.fi.rp i/lness. The Cock- Lane Ghost Ootdone. — An engine . driver on the Midland line, who is said to be some tim a bleseed with the capacity of double vision, was lately startled by a strange apparition, on the line hetween Woodlawii and At henry. To his excited imagination, this horrible spectre presented the appearance of a gigantic monster wearing a huge cowl, and breathing fire and brimstone. This {fO't'on, or hydra, or chimera d re. on one occasion i eemed to the driver to have jumped on the I uffer ami to have rideu astride upon it for several miles, like a wjjtcli on a broomstick. Once the spectre seemed to have fallen off, and when the driver looked back, expecting to se-- the monster severed in twain, he was astonished to find him Btanding erect behind him, still breathing firth the horrid flames. The driver next vo*ed that on the next night he would shoot the ghost* as dead as a mackerel,' but being unprovided with a gun, he took deliberate aim with a large lump ot coke and demolished the. light. It appears that the ghoot was nothing more than a policemitn who was placed in this spot, where it was not usual to have such an officer posted, and who took the precaution of enshrouding himself from the inolemency of the weatr-er, by a large oilskin hood and coat. The fiery wrath was nothing more than a signal lamp. And the riding upon the buffer was a performance solely in the driver's imagination, Which was then naturally excited by terror and * a modest Quencher.' Cork Buttte Trade. — '? With regard to the for eign consumption,' observes the ' Cork Examiner,' ' every day seems to hold out new and more favor able prospects to the Irish producers. A few jears since the keen competition of the American farmers, and the facilities they enjoyed for exporting their produce, obtained for them almost a monopoly of the supply of the West India Islands. From some cause with which we are unacquainted the American supplies have failed to an extraordinary extent, and at the present moment our former rivals in this sup ply of the West India Islands are profitable customers for our Irish butter to meet their own wants at home. Large shipments of Irish butter have been made for the last few weeks to New York, Boston, and other American ports ; and the same scaroity which has rendered these importations necessary w ihe States, has been also feltm Canada. As long ae the Americans continue to be customers of our Irish produce it is no unreasonable inference- to presume that they will cease to be competitors in our colonial markets, and that the consumers of the West India Islands, as well as o ther dependencies, will revert, as formerly, to tho lush exporters to supply their wants. Martin Gannon, a butter and bacon merchant in Hoscrea, ha* been committed to Nen3gb jail on » charge of ruurderiog hia wills ; ♦? In addition to the other advantages conferred on the port of Tralee,' says tho ? Kerry Post,' ' the privilege of bonding tobacco has just been added. We are happy to say that our port is rapidly advan cing in every respect, and we have little doubt but that when our railway is completed that progress will be doubled.' ' We understand,' says the ' Freeman,' ' that a requisition is being extensively circulated in M^ath, caning a meeting oi me county, 10 ua iieiu at ivoiis on the 30th inst., to petition Parliament for a measure of religious equality, in accordance with resolutions lately adopted at the Religious Equality Conference in Dublin.' Tub Murder at Ireland's Eye. The firmness exhibited oy Kirwin during the three dajs of his trial yielded at length on Friday night to the force of nature. He became very much depressed and occasionally fell into fits of gloominess and abstrac tion. This state of mind continued until next mor ning, when he exhibited a buoyancy of spirits for which, he said, he could not account. His former sel -possession returned, and altogether his manner indicated a calm and settled resignation to his sad fate, as well as a disposition to avail himself of the consolations which religion might affbrd'him, and of its aid in preparing himself for the awful moment when he would expiate by an ignominious death the dreadful crime of which he had been convicted. He expressed his willingness to receive any clergyman that might bs disposed to visit him ; and attended the service of the Established Church in the chapel of the prison — the Rev. Mr. Nixon, the Protestant Chaplain officiated. — During the service his demeauor was pious, penitent, and attentive, and he joined in the responses in a subdued tone of voice. He has been supplied with his Bible and Prayer-book, in the reading of which he spends the greater part of his lime, frequently pausing, and apparently meditating the hook lying open before him. He is visited daily by the Rev. Mr. Nixon, who remains with him for some time, and with whom he converses upon relig ious matters. The governor of the gaol has removed him from the cell which he had previously occupied to a large airy apartment situate in the capital yard, and in which there, is a fire grate ; he has also hare for tbe purpose of exercise the advantage of a large yard, into wh:ch no person excepting the officers of the prison have access, and which is completely cut off from the rest of the building. He maintains himself, and is permitted to procure through one of the turnkeys any description of food he requires There is a turnkey in his company both day and night, and the few friends he has received hold com munication with him only in tbe presence of one of these officers. He is not required to wear the prison clothing, but is at liberty to provide himself from his own wardrobe. Day of Execution. — Tuesday, the 18th of Jan nary, 1853, is fixed tor the execution of the convict, William Burke Kirwan. Confiscation of Kirwan's Property.— On Saturday Colonel Browne, accompanied by some police officers, proceeded to Merrion-street, to the house of the prisoner (Kirwan) and took an inven tory of his goods, chatties, and house property, which are confiscated to the crown since his convic tion for the crime of murder. In the Times there is an exquisite sample of the anti-Irish eceoethus. In an article on the trial of Kirwan i: is snid, that ' the case of Mr. Kirwan will retain a painful notoriety even, in the dismal annals of Irish ? crime.' This is really grotesque. The crime is so exceptional to the ordinary changes of an Irish gaol calender — is also thoroughly and intrin sically English— that it, will.no doubt, long ?' retain a painful notoriety' here. While we hordly exaggerate in saving that an English assizes seldom rises without trying at least one murder characterised by circumstances equally atrocious, deliberate, and unnatural. According to the Limerick Chronicle Lord Haidiuge has truckled to the Urangemeu and bigots of Enniskillen by censuring Major Gordon, of tie 8 1st Regiment, for allowing the band to play I ewe the Catholic uoldieis to muss ; and it is added that Majur Scott has also come in for some share of tbe blame for having adopted the same views of the occurrence as the Orange churchwardens. We regret to hear of the ejectment of tenantry to a great extent, in the parish of Lorrah, within a short distance of Birr. As the property has lately come into new bands, we hope and trust that a more enlightened, a better, and a more satisfactory system will be at once adopted. — Lirritorick Reporter. A massive piece of plate has been presented to Michael Hyland, Esq., of Kilkenny, by his friends and admirers of all shades of political and religious opinions in the city and county to maik their esteem and admiration ot tb« excellent, upright, zealous, and impartial manner he filled the office of Mayor of Kilkenny, for tbe year 1851, to the credit of the com munity and great public benefit. Improvement of Duwnpatick.— There has not been such demand for houses in this town for many years as during the last s x months. One large pro prietor states that he has not a single unoccupied house here, where ho not unfrequently had ten or fifteen vacant at one time. — Loulh and Down Pilot. Destructive Fire at Coalisland. — Our Duh gannon correspondent reports the destruction, by fire, of the extensive ilour mills belonging to Robert W. Newton, Esq., known as the Coalisland Mills. The 6re occurred on Thursday last, and is supposed to have been caused by the friction of the machine) y. The estimated loss in grain and ilour. is about £12 000. The insurance effected is £5,000.— Banner of Ulster. Monument to BANiM.--The Mayor of Kilkenny, in compliance with a requisition numerously and respectably signed, called a meeting of the citizens for Wednesday, to make arrangements for tbe erec tion of a monument to John Banim. The Marquis of Ormonde and the Right Hon. W. F. Tighe, Lord Lieutenant of the county, wrote to the Mayor, stating their willingness to have their names placed on the committee, and their cordial concurrence in ihe movement* The Discovery of Coal at Carrickfergus A seam of this valuable mineral has been reached, fully five feet in thicknes?. This, we believe, is tbe largest bed of coal hitherto discovered in the North ; and competent judges declare its quality to We very superior. The depth now obtained is rather more than 1,000 feet, 800 feet of shaft, and 230 feet of bore. A new shaft is about to be made in the imme diate neighbourhood of the present one, in order thHt operations may be commenced without delay, to make the roek salt available as an article of commerce. — Banner of Ulster. Emniskillbn. The Town Commissioners of Ennihkillen have received £2,025 from the Derry and Enniskillen Railway Company, for the old fair green, at the East end of the lown, which has been selected as the terminus of the line. — The Earl of Enniskillen has provided a new fair green, free of expense, at the West end ; but much' dissatisfaction is expressed at the removal, and the Commissioners purpose preparing another place for the fair to be held near the old site, and will appropriate the sum of £500 in premiums to buyers aud sellers of stock. — Northern Whig. 