Domestic Intelligence. GREAT PUBLIC MEETING TO CONSIDER THE NEW CONSTITUTION BILL The best attended public meeting ever held in this Colony was held on Monday, at the Victoria Theatre, Pitt-street. From the respectability of the attendance and the withering denunciations given by the several speakers to our would-be Lords, Dukes, and Earls, we apprehend that there is very little likelihood that such an extraordinary enactment against the liberties of Australian British subjects can for a moment be entertained. The several speakers showed that they had given the most deliberate attention to the subject, and if our space permitted we should be glad to give the speeches in full. We are most happy to find that the public have at length aroused themselves to prevent such a premeditated and wanton attack upon their constitutional rights. Among these on the platform were noticed Mr. Smart, M.C.; Mr. Thomas Walker; Mr. Sutter, M.C; Mr. John Brown; Mr. John Walker; Mr. T. W. Smith; Mr. Park, M.C.; Mr. Richardson, M.C.; Mr. J. J. Falconer; Mr. Mort; Mr. Dar- vall, M.C; Mr. Flood, M.C.; Mr. John Alexander; Mr. John Gilchrist; Mr. Walter Lamb; Mr. J. F. Josephson; Mr. More- head; Mr. M. Young; Mr. Thomas Woolley; Mr. J. R. Wilshire; Mr. J. P. Fawkner, M.C. (Victoria); Mr. Bligh, M.C. the Venerable Archdeacon M'Encroe and a large number of other influential gentlemen. The chair was taken by Mr. John Gilchrist. The CHAIRMAN, in opening the proceedings said that when the unexpected proposition was made to him by the committee that he should preside on that very important occasion, he felt that there were many gentlemen much better qualified to fill it, but as it appeared to be the unanimous wish of the committee, he did not feel warranted in refusing it, and it was very gratify- ing to him, to find the selection so warmly and cordially supported by the meeting. (Cheers.) It was now twenty- five years since he arrived in the colony, and although many changes had taken place, and many important measures had been brought forward, he considered the one they were then assembled to discuss, the most impor- tant of them all. He, like too manv, had hereto- fore been little more than a looker on, but the time had now arrived when every man who had any stake in the colony was called upon to express his opinion. Mr. W. R. PIDDINGTON, the Secretary, having read the advertisement by which the meeting was convened. Mr. J. B. DARVALL, M.C, who was received with loud and long continued applause, came for- ward to move the first resolution, which was as follows:— That the proposed Constitution Bill is radically defective, and opposed to the wishes and interests of the inhabitants of this colony, who believe a representative Legislature, consisting of Elective Chambers, Avill alone possess that sfr energy, and usefulness, which is maintn' public confidence, and Avithout Avhich nc ment can permanently exist. Pie said that the large and respect?' hours' notice, was in itself sufficier colony from the imputation under a long laboured, of being apathetic - its political rights and liberties, ted the colony on the improveme' that day manifested, by- the atten vast assemblage of those Avithout alterations in the Constitution country could, ever be carried ir In reference to the crcati House,' he would' quote the avoi correspondent of his, \vhose J hand that day, and Avho descri ' unconstitutional and disrej. He selected this language in o was not alone in entertaining this subject. .-What' were the Avould ask, which such a Ho On what basis would its aut' proposed that its members si the nomination of the reprc Ho denied that such cou] done. Hoav ;Avas it propo? ; kept in an effective state ? ment would have at any tim , Avhat they threatened to do i Iteform Bill hung fire, na second House. (Hear, hear .fidence of tho people, they av in their oavii eyes. He b meeting for the patience Avitl hoard during the course of h (cries of 'Go on') ; and in again recommend the.constit he had before suggested. T the Council, in . the first v reading of the Bill : .if that cil ; and 'if that failed, as a last resource, to appeal directly' to the Queen1 for. redress and justice. . Mr.' Robert Jonksox, in rising to second the resolution, said that after the eloquent, argumen tative, and conclusive speech' which they had just heard from the learned gentleman Avho preceded him, the meeting Avould agree Avith him that but, little was left for him 'to say. With regard to the truth of the resolution Avhich he had the ?honour to second, he felt that he needed only to' appeal to the arguments ' used by Mr. Darv'all. The question Avhich most seriously suggested itself- to the mind of every one, .was, Avhethcr avo were to consent to. allOAv such a Constitution as', that proposed to be rendered perpetual.' (Cheers, arid cries of 'No.') ''.' iBy vigrbous strife he hoped ? the eyil avo uld be averted. If the proposed form of Constitution Ayere adopted, he felt that they Avould' riot have the poAver of revising it. It 'was constructed on a principle Avhich Avas Avithout ;i precedent. (Loud cheers.) He (Mr. Johnson) felt as a colonist of several years standing, that they did not require to take the Constitution of. Canada '' as a' precedent; the colonists of Ncav South Wales. Avere themselves quite competent tr-' say what the form ' of. their Constitution should, be. (Hear.) ' He,' opposed the Bill because ha .... believed no- Government could be Coriscrvativa ? Avhich Avas not based 'on popular representation.' (Loud cheers.) No body of men nominated in . the manner proposed, could carry out their 'views in a period of difficulty, and danger, because they, Avould be divested' of public confidence. No , assembly of men nominated by the Governor-. General or the Queen could feel themselves in a, position to see their voice in opposition to tb;y other branch of the Legislature. Th07.Avoi1.kl thus become a mere cypher to be heard only m. matters of minor note, while in greater matters they avo uld exercise no influence. Although nt first such a House might contain a considerable amount of respectability, in a few years it would, be destitute of any such thing. (Cheers.) Tha Government Avould fail to get men of respecta- . bility ? to supply vacancies. (A voice—' Yv'hi.t' man Avould do it ?'') , The resolution was put, and carried unani mously.' Mr. Hexry Parkes (avIio wp.s roceiv?vtl. Avith loud cheers), rose to movethefolloAving rcso-v lution : — That this meeting earnestly protests against any attempt, in the hasty manner iioav proposed, in the Legislative Council, to impose a Constitu-. tion on the colony, Avhicli^h? framed in direct op position to the Avishes of the people. The public AA-ere called upon, by the te^' this resolution, to enter their delily solemn protest against the constitute^ authorities of the country, and +1 ' Avhich they ought not to adop* good and sufficient reasons one Avho carefully regarc1 it was first formed, c that it Avas Gtlarim-' hisses.) When Mr. Committee, -*1' appear prl son ?!?? oir + ???^IHHiH^H^Hi^^^^n^ decision of the Committee ; but^observe what fol lowed— at the very next meeting, they granted to the constituents in question, in the teeth of their own decision, an additionial member. (Laughter.) -Now he could appeal to the meeting whether men ?who could thus turn about and thus jump about from one position to another, without regard to common decency or decoroum, in con ducting public business, were fit for the con sideration of a measure of such grave import ance. Mr. J. L. Montefiore briefly seconded the resolution. The resolution was then put to the meeting and. enthusiastically carried. ?' Mr.J. W. Btjgh, M.C. : It might be con sidered an act of great presumption on his part to occupy a prominent position in such a large and enthusiastic meeting of the citizens of Sydney ; but the subject was of such vital importance to the whole community, and so affecting the welfare of the entire colony, that he felt it to be the duty every colonist to come forward, and to the utmost endeavour to carry ont the objects of this meet ing. He now begged to propose the following ? resolution. That this meeting pledges itself to resist, by every Constitutional Saeans in its power, the for mation of any Second Chamber which is not based upon pop'ular suffrage. He did not think, that in the face of such a large and enthusiastic assembly as this, those who took so active a part in framing the New Constitution could attempt to proceed with the second reading. And if in spite of this una nimous and unmistakeable demonstration, the Bill should still be persisted in, it would then fee for the meeting to renew their agitation. And should ,the Bill pass, they must then petition the Queen, and the British Houses of iWliament, against its becoming the law of this colony. The objects of the British Govern ment, in offering to this colony a Constitution of its own, was to give it a full, complete, abso lute self-Governmen ; and this could never be accomplished by a nominee Upper House. Mr. Deniehy seconded the resolution. The immo-'of Mr. Wentworth . had frequently been mentioned there that day, and that on one or two occasions with an unwise tenderness, a squeamish reluctance to speak plain English, and call certain nasty doings of Mr. Wentworth's by the usual homely appellatives, simply because they were Mi1. Wentworth's. He for one was nowise dis posed, as preceding speakers had seemed, in tapping the vast shoulder of Mr. Wentworth*s political recreancies, to 'd — n him, with faint waise and mistimed eulogy.' (Loud cheers.) listened from boyhood upwards to grey of Mr. Wentworth's demagogic ?, — his speeches for the liberty of un under the despotic regime of -e and divers other deeds of ?able member for Sydney ?f the chivalrous pugna was as much disposed 'it as any man. But ??'-?» th^se everlasting ?*' 'ontinu- 'un to ?-al affecting the basis and foundation of the architec ture of a Constitution — the elective principle neutralised for all detrimental influence, by conversion, practically, into a mere check upon the deliberations or the initative sec tion of the Legislature. (Hear, hear, and cheers.) And having the right to frame, to embody, to shape it as we would, with no great stubborn facts to work upon as in England, there was nothing but the elective principle and the inalienable freedom of every colonist, upon which to work out the whole organization and, body of ourjpolitical institutions. (Loud cheers.) But because it was the good pleasure of Mr. Wentworth and the Tespectable tail of that puissant legislative body, whose serpentine movements (loud laughter) were so ridiculous, we were not to form our own Constitution, but instead of this we were to have an Upper House and a Constitution cast upon us, upon a pattern which sould suit the taste and pro priety of political oligarchs, who treated the the people at large as if they Avere cattle to be bought and sold in the market, (loud cheers), or as they indeed were in American Slave States, and now in Australian markets (tremen dons cheering), where he might find bamboozled coolies and kidnapped Chinamen. And being in a figurative humour, he might endeavour to make some of the proposed nobility to pass before the stage of our- imagination, as the ghost of Banquo walked along in the vision of Macbeth, so that he might hare a fair view of these harlequin aristocrats, these Botany Bay magnificoes-! (laughter), these Australian manda rins. (Roars of laughter «) Let them walk across the stage in all the pomp and circumstance of hereditary titles. First, then, in the procession stalks the hoary Wenthworth. . But he could not imagine that to such a hea-J the strawberry leaves would add any honour. Next came the native aristocrat, Mr* James Macarthur, he would, he supposed, aspire to the coronet of an earl, he would call him the Earl ol Camden, and he would suggest for his coat of arms a field vert, the heraldic term for green — (great cheers and laughter) — and emblazened on this field should be Turn keg of a New So-uth Wales order of chivalry. There was also the colonial starred Terrence Aubrey Murray, with more crosses and orders — not perhaps orders of merit — than a state of mandarinhood. (Laughter.) Another friend who claimed a colonial title was vjeu-rgB xvuu.eiu imcuuis, me nereuiuuy urranu Chancellor of all the Australias. (Roars of laughter.) Behold him in the serene and moody dignity of that portrait of Rodius's that smiled on us in all the public-house parlours — (loud laughter) — the gentleman who took Mr. Lowe to task for altering his opinions; this con querer in the lists of jaw and the victor in the realms of gab. It might be well to ridi cule the doings of such a clique, but their doings merited burning indignation — yet, to speak seri ously of such a project would too much resemble the Irishman's kicking at nothing, it wrenched one harribly. (Laughter.) But, though their weakness whas ridiculous, he could assure them that these pigmies might do a great deal of mis chief. They would bring contempt on a country whose interest he was sure they all had at heart, until even the poor Irishman in the streets of Dublin would fling his jibe at the Botany Bay 'istocrats. In fact, he has puzzled how to clas : them. They could not aspire to the misera nd effete dignity of the grandees of Spain, had antiquity of birth, but then he would T naturalist .properly to classify them, os it was only a specimen of the re \--ntrariety that existed at the Anti ?. they all knew the common water ?\sferred into the duck-billed platy nie distant emulation of this de supposed they were to be favoured r- aristocracy. (Great laughter.) this was only the beginning of a ovement, and from its auspicious e augured the happiest results, n aristocracy worthy of our iver man's skill is eminent, ?.serts its devotion, there is an :onfers honour on the land i That is God's aristocracy. There is an aristocracy that pand under free institution, where it flourishes. In no mpt been successfully made .ristocracy pro re nata. It They might as well expect \- to tne no Dies 01 Jung i ebony earls of the Em 3ayii. The aristocracy of on the sword. The men yilliam the Conquerer Svere Saxons, and so were the Hers of Cromwell were the and so became their aris iould like to know how clique had conquered the iouth Wales— (great cheer ,rtful dodgery of doctoring ? (Greatlaughter.) If we '? with an aristocracy, he uld not resemble that of ? but of Jack the Shipper. et them, with prophetic eye, eary. pilgrims from foreign d, ere long, be flocking to them now give the most earnest assurance that such men as composed the Wentworth clique were not the representatives of the spirit, the intelligence, or the freemen of New South Wales. (Vehement and prolonged ap plause.) The resolution was put, and passed unani mously. Mr. T. S. Mout, in rising to propose the fourth resolution— ' That the proposed alteration of the Electoral Act is calculated to increase that inequality in their representation of which the Colonists have . so justly complained, which inequality, instead of being increased, ought now to be rectified, and and satisfactory basis.' addressed them as gentlemen, though, were this meeting not to have its desired effect, he might have to address them at some future time as ' my lord and gentlemen.' (Great laughter.) But after the grand demonstration which he saw before him he could not believe the measure they were met to condemn would ever pass. He should not detain them at any length ; and after the magnificent and patriotic speech they had just listened to he felt it would be unnecessary to do so. Mr. J. P. Faatkner, M.C. of Victoria, begged to second the resolution, and should have been very willing on that occasion to give them a long dissertation on the important subject that- had called them together, but the .state of his health would prevent his addressing them at any great length, but he must express his extreme delight to observe such a complete refutation of the calumny that was so frequently urged, against them, of their indifference to their political liber tics. (Cheers.) He would proceed, if they would allow him, read them a few statistical papers which he thought would convice them, if any thing could, that they needed a reform in the present administration of their affairs. It had been said by a previous speaker that the aristo-.. cracy of England was formed by the conquering race, but he would tell them, that they had ? an aristocracy here who had never actually in an open way conquered them, but yet had managed,' by bad laws to get into their hands the control of the land. There was here an aristocracy of squatters, who were in possesskm of no less ;.than two hundred and fifty millions of acres of the best land in the country. This vast amount of r.ountrv was distributed amonsr onlv 1 500 rxn'sons. and they have the land on such terms that it is in their power to buy every acre of it at 20s. per acre, if they could get sufficient capital. Now, he would call these fifteen hundred squat ters a colonial aristocracy, arid he would show them at what a rate these gentlemen paid for their magnificent estates. He found that last year they paid as rent for this 250,000,000 of acres, the sum of £37,500. (Oh, oh.) What a paltry sum was this. Why, the industrious hardworking diggers paid last year the sum of £60,000 as rent, and they circulated on receiving from the same class this year as much as £-80,000. (Cheers.) Again, consider the expense to which this small body of inhabitants put the county, in the shape of government. He found from the returns before him that the expense of police and other items o,f. government in the squatting districts Avas as much as one-.third of the expense of the government of the Avhole colony, and this was incurred for 1500 inhabitants* (Cheers.) Did he not tell them that they had already an aristocracy ? (Cheers.) Another instance of pandering to the squatting interest Avas afforded by Wentworth's Act of the 25th of .September, .1850. He would instance another Act^-that which freed the goods and stock of squatters from auction duty. This was a clear robbery of a community for the benefit of a class. (Cheers.) The follow ing fact would show the iniquity of letting these men possess their lands at such a small sum. He found that the Avhole rent that they paid for these 250,000,000 of acres did not amount to as much as the inhabitants of the colony paid in the form of a tax on their tobacco. (Oh, oh.) The tax on tobacco was £41,000, and the rent received was £36,500. He kneAv one squatter in the Victoria district Avho held 885,600 acres of land, for which he onty paid a rent of £10 per annum, while some of the emigrants who come out from England to Melbourne, if they Avanted a little piece of land a few yards square, to pitch their tent upon, are charged 5s, per week, or £13 per year, (Shame, shame.) He would ask them Avas this just, was it equitable ? . (No, no.) In con f»1iisinn Tlfl ?wnillH lirrrp t.liflm. +ft nvflrt tlinTvionlirne in every way in their power — to hold meetings all over the length and breath of the colony — and never to let the matter rest until they had the control of the representation in their own hands. And he would pray them then to assist them in Victoria to put a stop to this iniquitous system of robbery. He begged to second the resolution. (Great cheering.) The resolution was then put to the meet ing, and carried unanimously, Avith great en thusiasm. Te Venerable Archdeacon M'Excroe rose to propose the fifth resolution — That the present Legislative Council not having been elected with reference to the proposed change of Constitution, the colonists are entitled to de mand the interposition of such delay between the first and second readings of the proposed Bill, as Avill enable them to express their views fully on 1 this momentous question. * It may be said that he had no business, as a Clergyman, to be present on that occasion, but he took another and more extended view of his duty Five years ago he took part in the political dis~ cussions that agitated the country, and on the very spot on Avhich he then stood, he had advoca ted the abolition of the convict system. He made' a resolution then, that Avhen that Avas obtained he Avo'uld abstain from taking part in public affairs ; but he thought that noAv the load ofrub buish Avas removed, hoav that they had. a clear and fair stage to Avork upon, he should not be out of place in taking part in the consideration of the Constitution, by which they were to be go verned. (Cheers.) He conceived that his humble voice, as the minister of peace and good-Avill to man, might well be employed m Mie- discussion of such an important topic, and one so essential to. the religious as Avell as temporal welfare of the com munity. (Cheers.) In looking over the Bilhvith which they were threatened, he observed that a clause was inserted which provided that no mi nister of any religious denomination Avhatever Avas to be allowed to take bis seat in either council. Noav he did not altogether disagree Avith that,, because he thought, that -if a minister attended, properly to his duty he would' find quite enough to do. But he thought it Avas- in bad taste for them so entirely to ignore the exertions that had been made by clergynJen in former ages to secure the liberties of the people. (Cheers.) Who Avas it, he would ask, that headed the Barons at Runnyme.de, arid forced from the reluctant band of the monarch, the Magna Charta? It Avas a Roman Catholic Prelate, Stephen Langton (cheers), and he thought it Avas very bad taste to make. such a gratuitous exception against the members of liis profession. He had a very easy duty to perform in submitting to their ap'provat the resolution which, he held in his hand, indeed, he thought it might almost be taken as an axiom, a matter needing no argument Avhatever. It did not enter into the propriety of this or that laAv, but it simply asserted the fact, that the present Council having been elected Avithout reference to this' ?particular duty, a time should be sufferred 1» elapse sufficient, to* enable the colonists to express-, their opinion on the momentous matter now under, consideration. The idea of such a question being hurried, through the House in the space of a feAV days, after its. introduction, Avas something quite ridiculous, if not worse. This avus no paty ques LIUU , UWai) UlliV WllUbllUL bllUy CUIUU. UUUW lUCli representatives, or, he should 'say, their rulers, to. run away helter-skelter in the course of rash legislation — (cheers and laughter) — to gallop along in this steeple-chase style over the impor tant fields of enquiry. (Laughter) The reso lution called on them to Avait a little, and it suggested that there Avere, perhaps, people as Aviso outside as in the House. (Laughter.) Mots especially was. it desirable, as he found the measure Avas of that character that they Avere to be loaded for- the term of their natural lives, like packhorses — (laughter)^— Avith a burden of legisla tion Avhich they .should never be able to shake off.. He would tell them the opinion of an eminent lawyer on the subject, he meant the late Lord Plunkett, the Lord Chancellor of Ireland. When the Union Avas discussed in the Irish House of Commons by the wretched members of whom that body then consisted, Mr-. Plunkett told them that the question Avas beyond their powers 1 they were? constituted to make laAvs for the nation, but not to sell its liberties. (Cheers.) The question Avas, had they the power to commit felo de se. If a legis lature cannot put a legal end to its own existence so neither can it give itself a new form of existence. Were their Representatives entitled to make laAvs byAvhich their future prosperity must be regulated? By great good luck they had entrusted to them-, as a nation, as a people, the construction of a constitutional Government. He hoped they Avould set about it in a deliberate and reasonable manner, and form one on such a basis that it should be the admiration of succeeding genera tions and a. model for the imitation of empires yet 'unformed. (Cheers.) I,f the House should take up the question in the spirit they have already manifested, he feared the result would be very similar to the unfortunate position of the Austra lian Royal Mail Steam Packet Company, Avith the precious contract Avhich they got from Earl Grey (the only people who ever did get anything from him by the bye.) (Roars of laughter.) We never got anything. (Continued laughter.) This matchless company at the time they obtained their contract had not a single ship built. But they Avent to work immediately to have them made of the best materials ; but tor Avant of due deliberation they avouIcI not work, something avp.s always Avrong — noAv the engine Avas out of order — then the rudder avouM not Avork — and the result had been nothing but disappointment and ruin. (Cheers and laughter.) Was it not melancholy to look at that magnificent steam-ship which Avas noAv lying idle at the other side of the ' harbour — t\\\a nominis umbra of t\\\e company.' To Avhat was the failure to be attributed ? He would tell them — to a Avant of clue regulation of the motive power to the Avork it had to perform, and to the haste and precipitation of their move ments. (Cheers.) He would warn them, that, steam-ship might be an apt specimen ' of what their Legislature Avould become, if the same faults Avhich had been so prejudicial in the one ca^.e Avere to be alloAvcd in the other. (Great cheering.) Much had been said Avith regard to a House of Lords ; he should be glad indeed if they could Kave a noble ho.use of such a character descend to, them'frorri. the '-. sides (Laughter) ; : but in, the colony, he could not discover the elements of which, it could.be composed. It ^as 'like the old oak tree, it was .the; growth .of a. thousand years,; and where it had fixed its roots it spread a;. wide and: grateful shade. They could not produce^ such an nstitution in a century. ? (Gheers.) What was wanted for this colony was a strictly progressive1 system of Government, which .should extend its basis in an equal .proportion with the advancing, civilisation of the age. (Cheers.) . Let them bear in ' mind what great English statesmen had. said on the Senate of the United States. Lord John Bussell, in, a speech he made last year, confessed that it was the form best adapted for . recently developed countries. .That1 Senate was a body which commanded the respect and esteem of the people, it. steered clear between the two extremes of democracy and oligarchy, and held the balance with a steady hand. It was formed in 1776, and since that period had con tinued to improve in usefulness arid in the esteron of the country. (Cheers.) Now, lie would say that it was impossible for them in the space of tan or ' twelve days to hit . upon the, j ust medium that was requisite for this colony ; . so we ask for dalay.. They had all. present, he believed' only one interest to serve, that was the. good of their common country, as for himself he had neither cliick nor child (roars of laughter), to. look to ; and the interest of the people was the mainspring that guided him on this occasion. (Cheers.) The present council were very anxious to get ' Responsible' Government, into'their own hands.' He feared very much for the result, of this Res ponsible Government in such hands, in fact he feared. that before ten years, we would.be in as sad a state of inefficiency with our Responsible Govern ment at the people of Sydney are in at this moment with their Municipal Government. . To the Honourable the Legislative Council of New South Wales, in Council assembled, the humble Petition of the undersigned Inhabitants of the colony of New South Wales,' HuTibly Sheweth, 1 That in the opinion' of your petitioners the pro posed Constitution Bill now before your honour able Council is radically defective, and opposed to the wishes and interests of the inhabitants of this colony, we believe that a Representative Legis ture, consisting of two Elective Chambers, will alone possess that stability, energy, : and useful ness, which are maintained by public confidence, and without Avhich no Government can perman ently exist. That your petitioners earnestly remonstrate against any attempt, in the hasty' manner now proposed in the Legislative Council, to impose a constitution on the colony, which is framed in direct opposition to the wishes, of, the peo ple. mat tiie. proposed alteration or, the;. Electoral ,Act;is calculated to increase that inequality in their representation of which the.. colonists have so justly complained, which inequality, instead of being increased, ought now to be rectified, and the representative system established on a just and satisfactory basis. That your honourable Council, having been elected without reference to the proposed change of constitution, the colonists are entitled to demand t the interposition of such delay between the first and second readings of the proposed Bill as will enable them to express 'their Views fully on this momentous question. Tour petitioners .therefore, pray .that your honourable Council will be, pleased to postpone the further consideration of the measure in question for at least one month, in order to , give the colonists at large the opportunity of expressing their sentiments on the subject. ? ? And your petitioners, As in duty bound will ever pray. Mr., BoGtTE;, proposed the next resolution, That the Petition now read, embodying these Resolutions, be presented to the Legislative Coun cil at its meeting to- morrow. And then he saw that the Bill prevented the revi sion of this constitution, except by a majority of two thirds of the members of the Lower House ; he must; confess that he regarded its passing with more anxiety, and it was one of the causes that had induced him to address them that evening — and to propose the resolution which requested that the Legislature would delay its decision on such an important measure' at least for one month. [The reverend gentleman retired amidst enthusi astic cheering.] Mr. J. L. WiLsniRE begged to second the re solution which had been so eloquently introduced to them, and, as the time was advancing, should not: occupy any more of their.- time. Gheers.) The resolution was carried unanimously. The Chairman^ previous to thenext resolution being read, would call on- the Secretary, Mr. Pid dington,'to read the ;petiti6n. the resolution having been seconded by Mr. John Brown, was carried unanimously. 'Mr. Flood, M.C. had to perform a most pleas ing.duty.. It had fallen to his. lotto : propose a vote of thanks to Mr. Joseph Wyatt, for his kind ?permission for the use of the Theatre, gratuitously for the purpose of the meeting. Mr. J. G. Cohen seconded the motion which' was carried unanimously. ,0n the motion of Mr. Henry Parkes, Mr. GiLcrtRiST vacated the chair, and. Mr. John, B,RQAVK:was called thereto,,when a vote of thanks was passed by acclamation, the meeting cheering; again and again, in. the most enthusiastic manner. Thus - terminated one of the most exciting and: brilliant meetings that has ever been held in- the: colony, and the universal impression was-, ' that; the fate of the Constitution Bill was sealed. 