CHEAP INTERNATIONAL POSTAGE. The Daily News has the following observations with respect to the reductions on foreigu postage, which are so im peratively called for:— 'The establish ment of the inland cheap postage being coniesseojy a measure ot incalculable public utility, the question naturally arises, why should not the principle be applied to foreign letters ? If a letter carried five or six hundred miles within the island is charged one penny, why should a letter carried twenty miles across the channel cost eightpence ? If the inhabitants of the different localities iu England aud Scotlaud ore in the enjoyment of a perfect communication of thought what Bhould prevent the inhabitants of the different nations of the earth enjoying the same privilege? Why should nations be de barred by a money barrier from that inter change of mental activity which is one of the greatest instruments of civilization ? As no reasonable cause can be assigued for an answer iu the negative to these questions, a society has been formed for the purpose of facilitating the iutroductiou of a system of international postage, founded upon the principles which dis tinguish t\m system of penny postage iu Great Britain — uniformity, prepayment, and cheapness. Iu the course oi1 their proceedings they have brought to light some curious facts as to the total absence of these qualifications in the present postal regulations. The waut of anything like uniformity is testified by the fact that there are at the present time thirty or more different rates of nostaee for a sihMp letter not exceeding half an ounce in weight. These rates range from one penny up to two shillings and ninepeuce. To make confusion more confounded, there are three different weights for a single letter. The post-office official di rector tells us that these weights may be either under a quarter of an ounce, exactly a quarter of an ounce, or half an ounce. lietore a person can tell wluit he has to pay for a letter, all these points must be at tended to. The want of any rule regard ing prepayment is a fertile source of au uoya'nce to persons engaged iu foreign cor respondence. There are 240 routes for which prepayment is optional — 1-J0 for which it is imperative— and four for which it is forbidden. If prepayment is neglected iu auy case where a letter is posted, or addressed to a place for which the previous payment is imperative, the missive is thrown into the dead letter-box, where it awaits— like a heathen ghost bv me side ot otyx — tlie arrival ot the leu which will bribe the grim Charon oi1 the post-office to ferry it to its destination. The papers published by the International Postage Association furnish some curious details with respect to the enormous rates which are levied on the trausmission of letters. A letter weighing half an ounce is charged two shillings and ninepence when sent to Brazil, or at the rate of £9,900 per ton. A letter to India pays at the rate of £ 1G.200 per ton . A curious example is riven in the case of n rmnf.lnmnn i who transmitted a letter weighing t, . little more than an ounce to a corrcspoud i cut iu Spain. The sender and the receiver ! had to pay between them seventeen shil ; lings aud fourpencc for postage. Now, had the article forwarded been a butt of sherry instead of a few sheets of paper, tlie charge for transmission would have been about five shillings. If the epistle iu question had been writtcu for the pur pose of ordering the skerry, it would ap pear that while the wine itself was sent over into England at the rate of 10s. per ton, the order to send it was carried at tlie rate of about £30,000 per ton. The re formation, which it will be the object of the association to achieve, must be carried out with a due regard to the interests and convenience of the various countries form ing the Postal Union. It will be requisite, therefore, that no country should be dis turbed in the use of its peculiar weights and measures,andlikewise that the revenue proceeding from the transport should be fairly divided between the several coun tries. It is considered that this will be best effected by each country levying a postage tax ou letters outward, but none on those inward, and that this tax should be in ah1 instances pre-paid. This would iu the first place put an end to all compli cated accounts of postage between nations, and secoudly, it would leave it iu the power of each country to determine its own rate. The agreement between tho contracting parties should be to the effect that each should engage to transmit to its correct address a letter delivered to it free, from the post- office of the other. As the number of letters sent by each of two countries to the other must be pretty nearly equal, the division of the revenue would be fairly providea*Tor. The instant that such an agreement as this begins to be carried out between two nations,. tho process of cheapening postage must also commence, if this is not already done. It would be absurd for any government to persist in making its subjects pay a large sum more for the carriage of a letter thau is paid by a correspondent for the carriage of an answer to that letter. The total unfairness of such a regulation would in the end prove its destruction. 