similar amusements ROYAL VICTORIA THEATRE." Benefit of Mr. Stark. HAMLET. Amidst the few among mankind on whom has been bestowed the fearful and often fatal gift of penetrating beyond the veil which separates the material temple of humanity from that inscrutable and solemn sanctuary which forms the dwelling-place of the spirit, what name has ever stood surrounded with a halo so resplendent and so imperishable as that of Shakespeare ? It is not alone, as in this tragedy, that the mysterious depths of the human heart, laid bare at his command, reveal in their recesses the presence of those passions whose power like the winds is none the less temble that it is invisible; there lies beyond their influence a sphere more solemn and more awful still, and from this sphere it is that, as though to contrast the nothingness of earth's most gorgeous and glittering pageantries with its mysterious and dread realities, he summons on the scene another and a more awful visitant. No petty incidents, no ordinary characters form the constituents of this tragedy. Even the rude mirth of the clowns who dig the grave for " the fair Ophelia" is blended with the mouldering associations of the churchyard ; while love, revenge, fear, hatred, and remorse assume each its wildest shape and most resistless energy, until nature shrinks appalled beneath the contest, and madness, or semi madness, forms its consummation. To describe as it should be described, Mr. Stock's embodiment of Hamlet, if not beyond our power, would be at least superfluous. Bearing in mind that the guilt of the Queen and her consort, which serves for the groundwork of the story, is unknown to, if not unsuspected by, him until revealed by that dread voice which issues from the " ponderous and marble jaws " of the tomb, the character of Hamlet, with all its noble and princely qualities, becomes after the revelation little other than that of a dreamer and a visionary; brooding over his grief, his wrongs, and his anticipations of revenge, until roused into action by the pressure of external circumstances. Within the whole range of the drama there is, we are bound to confess, no character whose correct personation demands so high a standard of excellence in its per scarifier. The sudden and abrupt transitions from the wildest rage to the deepest reverence, from drooping melancholy to a fantastic and flighty levity, from calm, unimpassioned philosophy to mental aberration or actual madness,- are such as the most consummate skill, the deepest insight into human nature could alone enable an actor adequately to represent and that they were last evening adequately represented by Mr. Stark must be testified by all who witnessed bird. Each scene was in itself a study; the startled astonishment with which he first hears of the appearance of " his father's spirit,'.'- the interview with that spirit, the delivery of the soliloquies, to which, in the hacknied repetitions of schoolboys, such delivery could alone impart their true sublimity:; his conversation with the Queen, his motherless subsequent evasions of the attempts of the courtiers, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern, to entrap him, and still more strikingly the scene of the play, were all given with such masterly effect as few stages could ever have seen equalled ; none, we should suppose, surpassed. To attempt to carry our eulogy further we will not, since experience has amply demonstrated to ourselves how utterly inadequate are words to pourtray the emo- tions which could chain, as by a spell, the senses of a vast assembly within the "magic circle of a mute, motionless, and concentrated attention. As Queen Gertrude, Mrs. Stock's appearance and hearing alone beBjpoke her appreciation of the character, and her acting was, as it always was, such as to convey the impression that she is not acting at all; that, to minds so lofty and sensibilities so acute as those of Mr. and Mrs Stark, and which necessarily constitute the secret source-of their artistic excellence, the fire within kindles what were otherwise a mere lifeless personation into all the warmth and vigour of vitality. The debut of Miss Watson, as Ophelia, would probably have been more successful but for the extreme timidity, natural under the circumstances, which that young lady evinced. This, however, during the even ing, partially wore off;; and her last scene, with her snatches of song, which she charmed with much sweetness, was both effective and affecting. Mr. Arabin's Ghost was among his best performances ; the pale, stern visage, the passionless monotony of voice, the noiseless and gliding footstep, were all in keeping with the dread mystery he represented, and the tale of boundless, unmitigated horror which he has to disclose. Of the other characters we could, did space permit, speak with equal justice in terms of equal eulogy. indiscriminate praise generally oversteps the mark, and becomes valueless from its very excess ; we should therefore be more wary in its bestowal, were we not conscious of the onerous duties which the getting up of such a piece as Hamlet must devolve upon all concerned in it, From the fact that Mr. Arabin and Mr. Evans had each to sustain two characters in the same play, some idea may be formed of the amount of labour incurred on such occasions by the members of an establishment necessarily limited both in its numbers and its resources. Mr. Evans's Polonins, though not so perfect as it ought to have been, was entertaining and laughable; and Mr. Graham, as the king, acted with his customary judgment, correctness, and energy. The whole of the characters, and Mr. Rivers in particular, were dressed in appropriate style, a point of not the least importance in the representation of any of Shakespeare's plays. Of the decided and triumphant success, in their visit to Tasmania, of Mr. and Mrs. Stark, the con- course that crowded to the benefit of the former on the post evening presented a demonstration that can- not be forgotten so long as the Theatre continues to exist. There is, in connection with the audience, one practice to which we cannot forbear to refer, we allude to that of taking infants into a scene so utterly uu suited to their capacities and constitution. independently of the pain and suffering inevitably inflicted upon the poor innocents themselves, of which, in reiterated instances, their piercing and distressing cries furnished sufficient proof, the annoyance inflicted upon every one within hearing, which of course includes every one in the house, tends to preclude every feeling of gratification. Many of Mr. and Mrs Stark's finest scenes we have repeatedly known interrupted, and the effect materially impaired, from this cause; and if common humanity towards the frail and feeble sufferers has no power to intercede for their relief, the laws of ordinary decency and decorum might at least be appealed to for that of the audience. On Monday evening Mr. Stark will play Iago to Mr. Arabia's Othello, in the Moor of Venice, being the last night but two of the engagement of the American tragedians. 