I Tho Ghost- Raiser. I My Unelo Beaglcy, who commenced his com- mercial career very "early in tho present century as a bagman, WILL tell stories. Among them ho tells his Single Ghost story so often, that I tun heartily tired of it. In Kelf-dcfeuce, therefore, I Ímulish tho tato in order that when next the good, tind old gentleman oilers to hore us with it, everybody may say thoy know it. I remember every word of it. One fine autumn evening, about forty yours ago, I was travelling cn hoiscbaek from Shievvs bury to Ches.cr. I felt tolerably tired, and was beginuing to look out for some snug way-side inn, whoro I might puss thc night, when a sudden and violent thunderstorm came on. My horse, terri- fied liv the lightning, fail ly took the bridle be- tween Ilia tooth, and started olT with me nt full gnl 1 p through lano- and cross-roads, until ntleuglh I managed to pull him up ju¿t near thu dour of a neat-lookingcualry inn. "Weil," thought I, "thoro VIVI wit in your madness,old boy, -ince it hr..ught ITS t. th:- e¿.m» ftittnblc refuge." And alighting, I gu.e him in charge to tho stout farmei'n boy win usted as o.-tler. Tiie inn .kitchen, which wu* ulso the guest-room, was large, clean, neut, and comfort abie, very like tho uliMsunt hoitohy diucrilicd by I/auk Walton. Thoro were «verni tiuvcller.« already tn tho room-probably, Uko myself, driven"thoro for clicker-and they were nil warm- ing themselves by tho blitzing fire, while watling for supper. I jouicd thc *,v«rty. Presently, being; " summoned by tho hostess, wa all sat down, twelvo ] in number, to a smoking repast of-bacon aud eggs, corned beef and carrot--, and stowed hare. Tho conversation naturally turned on the mis- haps occasioned by .the storm, of which every- one seemed to have his full share. Out: had been thrown off his lurso ; another, driving in a gig. had been upset into a muddy dyke ; all had got a thorough wetting, and agreed unanimously that it was dreadful weather-a regular witches* sabbath ! " Witches and ghosts prefer for their cahbath a < fino moonlight night to such weather as this I" These words wei o uttered in a solemn .tone, and with strange emphasis, by one of .tho .'com-' puny. Ile was a tall, dark-looking man. nnd I had'seç him down in my own mind ns a travelling meiohr.ntor pedlar. My next neighbour was a gay, well-looking, fasíiionably-dresjod young mau, who, bursting into a peal of laughter, ho said : " Von must know tho manner and customs of ghosts very well, to be able to tell that they dis- like getting wet or muddy." The first speaker giving him a dark fierce lock, said : " Young man, speak not so lightly of tilings abovo your comprchenrion." " Do you mean to imply that thero are such things os ghosts?" .' Perhaps thero oro, if you had courage to look at them." The young man stood up, flashed with anger. But presently resuming his seat ho said, calmly: " That taunt should cost you dear, if it wore not such a foolish one." "A foolish otto I" exclaimed the merchant, throwing on thc table .a heavy leathern purse. " Thero uro fifty guineas. I am content to lose them, if, before tho h.mr is cuded, I do not suc- ceed in showing you, who are so obstinately pre- judiced, tho form of any one of your deceased friends:, and if, nf ¡er yon havo recognised lum, you.allow him to kiss your lip-:." Wo all looked at each other, but my young neighbour, still in thc same mocking manner re pliett : "You will do that, will j-on?" " Vos," said thc other-.' I will stake thc?o fifty guineas, on condition that you will pay a similar sum, if you lose." . After a short silence, tito young mon said, gaily: '. Fifty guinean, my worthy eorecror, aro mon! than a poor college s¡74ir ever possessed; hut here arc five, which, it' you aro satisfied, I shall bo most willing to wager." The other took up his purse, saying, in a con 1 tomptuous tone: .. Young gentleman, you wish to draw back?" " J draw back I" exclaimed tho student. " Well ! if I hail the fifty guineas, you should see whether I wish to draw buck !" " Here," said 1, " aro four guineas, which I will stake on your wager.". Xo sooner had I made this proposition than the rest of tho company,. attracted hythe singu- larity of tho affair, carno forward to -lay-Aiton their money;, and , iu ft minute at*tnp^tf^j^y' |jguiw^j$J^ "od..t-orofo" of Ruining, that ho . placed alf tho stakes in thc student's hand«, and picpared for his experiment. Wc fc'.ccted for tilo purpose a small summer-house in the garden, perfectly iso- lated, nnd having no means of exit but a window und a door, which we carefully fastened, alter placing tho young mau within. We put writing materials on a sr.iull table in the summer-house, and took away the candles. Wo remained out- side, with the pedlar amongst us. In a- low solemn voico ho began to chant tho following .lincj: *. What riseth ilow from the ocean tires And th« stormy sui t? Tho phantom palo set J Iiis blackened foot On tiic fresh greeu turf." When, raising his voico solomnly, he said: " You asked to see your friend. Francis Vil- liers, who was drowned, three year» ugo, o.T the coast of South America-what do you see?" " I see." replied tho student, " a whito b'ght arising near the window; but it has no form; ¡tis like an uncertain cloud." We-the spectators-romaincd profoundly silent. "Areyou afraid?" asked tho merchant, ina loud voice. " I am not," roplied the student firmly. After a moment's . silenco, . tho pedlar stamped three times on tile ground, ot'.d sang: . " Andtbo phantom white, whose clay-cold face Was once so fair, Dries with his shroud his clinging vest And his sea-tossed hair." Once moro tho solemn question : " You, who would seo revealed the mystcrioi of the tjnib-what do you eco now!" The student answered, in n calm voico, bnt like that of nimm describing things ts they pass before him: " I seo tho cloud taking the form of a phantom; its head is covered with a long voil-it stands still!" " Aro you afraid?" " I am not!" We looked at cac!» rtiicr in horror-stricken silence, whilo tho merchant, raising Iiis arms abovo his head, chauted, . in a. sepulchral voice: "And tho phantom said, aa he ross from tho wave, liä símil know mo in sooth ! I will go to my friend, gay, smiling, aud fond. As iii our first youth !" " 'What rio you reo ?" said he. " I see the phnntom advance ; ho lifts his veil '-tis Francis Villiers ! he approaches thu tabbi -he write* !-'tis his signature 1" " Aro you afraid ?" ' A fearful moment of silence ensued ; then tho student replied, hut in au alloted voico : " I am not." With strango and frantic gestures, the mer- chant then sang : " And the phantom said to tho mocking seer, I como from the South ; Put thy hand on my hand-thy heart on my heart Thy mouth on my month !" " What do you seo ?" ?. . ... " Ile comes-ho approaches-ho pursues mo- lle is stretching out his arms-ho will have mo I Help ! help I Snve mo 1" i ".Aro you ufmid now?" asked tho merchant, in a mocking v> iee. A piercing cry, and then a stifled groan, wore thc only ropty to this terrible question. " Help that rash . youth !" said tho morclmnt, bitterly. " I have, I think, won tho wager ; but it is sufficient fur mo to havo given him a lesson. Let him keep his money, and bc wiser for tho future." Ho walked rapidly away. We opened tho door of tho sumuier-buuse, and* found tho studout in c avulsions. A pajicr, signed with tho name " Francis Villieis," was on tho table. As soon ns thc student's senses woro restored ho asked vehemently where wn.= the vilo soicorer who bad subjcc.ed til tn to such horiiliKi ordeal-ho would kill him! He sought him throughout thc inn In vain; then, withlhcupcodof a madman, hoiiaijhcd uií' ueross the Held« in pursuit of him-lindtyo rjever saw either of them »gain. That,1 childrcn't ia my Ghout Story Î .. " And how is il, Uncle, that after that, you don't bcleive in ghosts?" tuid J, tho first timo I henrd.it. i'Bccaure, my boy," replied my XJutAe, " neither tho student nor the mc.-tiiant ever returned; and iho forty-fivo guineas^belonging to ino and th» ' othor travellers, continued .equally invisible. Those two., swindlers carried . ¿hcj&Ztf;áí after having acted a farce, which wtvnkTë tíMBiai,-' behoved to bo real." çirï'S ? 