The Streets of Sydney, WITH SOME ACCOUNT OF THE HOUSES THEREOF, AND THE PEOPLE WHO DWELL THEREIN. Br HOOKE. Y. WALKER. A very extensive Traveller. CHAPTER VII. Shewing how I visited King-street, and made divers reflections there upon Law and Law- yers. And how I met an acquaintance who disserted upon the Gastronomic establish- ments therein, and was considerably aston- ished by his talk of these and other matters. A facetious friend of mine was once pleased to tell me that he had altered the name of "King" Street into that of "Grub". Sad remi- niscences of starving rhymesters in narrow, foul, unwholesome dwellings suggested themselves. Sorrowful pictures (a long gallery full!) of worn, weary, wasted mothers pining in utter hopelessness over hollow-eyed and sickly child- ren, famine-struck and old before their time, were conjured up by the imagination, and stamped my features with a serious look. Need I record how the gloom vanished when he more fully explained his meaning; a harmless pleasantry. It was the very opposite to famine--he termed it Grub Street on account of its nume- rous eating houses. It was enough for me to form a determination. "A street which offers so much food for the body, must needs have an abundant supply of aliment for the mind," me- thought; "I will study it well when opportunity offers." How I accomplished my scheme will be seen. King Street, which is divided into East and West, runs through the heart of Sydney. It has a church with a willow-tree and wooden pave- ment at one end; and the other is graced by a wharf, watermen's wherries, wood-boats, cockle- shell crafts, and other saline concomitants, af- fording ample proof of the maritime power of the City in the Parramatta Ocean and Lane Cove Sea. The inhabitants of this extremity are dis- tinguished by a decidedly nautical character; their persons emit a strong scent of seaweed, tobacco and rum; their gait is rolling and anti-military, although they themselves are characterised by peculiar pugnacity. Their patois is of a hybrid kind; a mixed pickles sort of language, principally made up of the seaman, sawyer, shell-gatherer, and woodcutter tongues. As it is difficult to be understood by strangers, an alteration would be an improvement without causing any undue interference with the roots. I throw out this suggestion for the consideration of the nu- merous schoolmasters of the day who pride themselves upon their wondrous doings abroad. Until this revolution be perfectly effected, a key to the wharf conversational style must be deemed a great social blessing. Mr C. H. Chambers, in his Police Office educational lectures upon the lower orders, has frequently had occasion to illustrate his subjects by reprehending the lingua or lingo of the frequenters of this locality. His sanguine and praiseworthy attempts have not hitherto been as successful as they deserve; perhaps his reprehensions were too mild and paternal; and he did not consider that breaking Priscian's head and a policeman's were synony- mous. There are people in the world who think the former enormity the greater. Near the willow-tree before mentioned rises a dull, dingy, frowning, heavy building, in which the Law is administered in all its native purity. The Supreme Court is the fountain head of jus- tice whose waters are clear as crystal; but, by some unhappy fatality, the litigants who rush to quaff the sparkling draught discover that conti- guity dispels the illusion; and destroys one of the pleasant fictions with which the Law abounds. Bills of cost, delays and uncertainties are the lees of the cup. Not that attorneys are to be blamed. A six-and-eightpenny charge for a passing "How d'ye do?" is cheaper, and per- haps quite as beneficial as a physician's guinea fee for a similar enquiry. Professional men must be paid, even for compliments; those only who object to politeness could dream of taxing their bills. Besides, was it not (or endeavoured to be) shewn in the Legislative Assembly, that lawyers are the most abused and ill- paid mem- bers of the community; the victims rather than the victimizers of society; the positive drudges of ungrateful clients? Would a gentleman by Act of Parliament seek to obtain twenty-five per cent. more than he was equitably entitled to? It were the lowest state of barbarism to imagine he could or would. Yet, strange to say, the world teems with barbarians who are unable to discover limits to the conscience of a Gent, one &c.;, and affirm that it can and will stretch to any possible length where the pocket is concerned. This is a stretcher, indeed. The Courts within are worthy this unsightly mass of bricks and mortar. They are formed upon the inconvenient-to-everybody principle, and the original architect with a legion of others who have been called upon at divers times to subtract from, add to, or alter them, is clearly entitled to a premium for ingeniously torturous constructure. They are intersected by numerous narrow alleys, some of which are "no thorough- fares," whilst others lead the adventurous travel- ler into a witness-box, a jury-box, a reporter's- box, a barrister's-box--in fact, into every place where he entertains neither inclination nor inten- tion to go. The unhappy pioneer, under these bewildering circumstances, rushes madly hither and thither without compass or guide, and con- siders himself supremely fortunate if he can reach the street without having undergone that harrowing ordeal--contempt of Court. There are two directions painted upon the walls preg- nant with wisdom--"Do not come near the fire," and "Keep this place clear." Suitors, however, are blind to the sage warnings; and by neglect- ing to keep clear of the place, burn their fingers to a considerable extent. It is quite a treat for bystanders to listen to a case in which they are not involved. Judicial playfulness and forensic repartee twinkle like little stars, and affairs progress so pleasantly that were it not for the solemn visages of the bellige- rents "Smith and Jones,'' or "Johnson and Thompson," as the case may be, one would think the whole was a capital joke--a petite comedy got up for the especial promotion of good humour. A vast deal of serious business is, nevertheless, (?) within these walls; and bold hearted must be the juryman who can conjure up the ghost of a smile in the five days' sitting upon "Ship- wreck v. Insurance Company," or the twenty in "Flourishing Funds v. Broken Bank Suffer- ers." When that box door is entered, "hope is left behind." There is an order of the Court; but the real mourners are boxed up. People hurry- ing in and out as business or inclination prompts, appear to twit these melancholv fixtures; lengthy documents elongate themselves alarmingly; and the epigrammatic address of a Manning or the fluid brevity of a Terry seems dull, droning, and never-ending. In such events, the Palladium of British Liberty, trial by jury, loses caste, and the (?) do not receive a favorable verdict from the incarcerated twelve. The Supreme Court picture, like all others, has its light and shade; it is for judges to declare whether they be fairly balanced or not. War and law are necessary evils; and until the angry passions of mankind merge into universal love, the sword and the Judge will have little rest, I thought as I left the Court, gazed for a moment on the willow-tree bending near the house of prayer, as if weeping for the strife of men, and petitioning for its cessation, then turned away in meditative mood. A smart tap on the shoulder startled me. "Walker! by all that's melancholy--musing amongst the legal tombs. Tumbled into Chan- cery, old boy, eh? I wish you joy; you've got into a mess of which somebody half a century hence may find the clue." The speaker was Mr Thomas Brick, more familiarly known as Tom Brick, a gentleman who affects the law, but is considered to have a stronger penchant for amusements which belong to the sporting world. Tom is a harmless fellow, and (excepting in cases of brag) does everything in the small way. Yet, to hear him talk, one would conceive he was the Leviathan Davis of the Sydney Turf, a Mar- quis of Hertford at cards, a Jonathan at billiards, as crack a shot as Kennedy or Osbaldeston, and as striking a pugilist as Jem Ward. His friends laugh at these peculiarities, and at the conclu- sion of each marvellous bit which he relates for their edification, content themselves with ob- serving--"That's another Brick." An edifice raised from such "bricks," certainly cannot be constructed upon the true principles of moral architecture. "Mr Brick," I replied, "that perilous ocean is unknown to me, save by name." "May it ever be so. Lawyers get fat on it-- clients don't; that's all the difference. Talk of Chancery--I got a man's head there once, and it was dead smashed before I let it go. Just feel my muscle; there's a deltoid for you; big as an elephant's, and hard as iron bark. My hit is tremendous; the upper cut par-ticularly severe. Some years ago I lifted Big Chalker over a stock yard fence, with one chuck under the chin. Just stand up before me a moment, and I'll show you how I did it." I smiled at the facility with which my learned friend shifted from his legal position into his favorite ground, but declined to accept his chal- lenge-at-arms. "Sorry for your want of taste, Walker. It is not every body I'd accommodate in that way. What do you say to a game at billiards, hey? Think I'm too much for you? I'll easily settle that; give you ninety points out of a hundred-- not enough, hey?--say ninety-nine and follow me to Don John's, the Cossack Hotel. Fine fellow the Don: he gives capital spreads. His is no ordinary grub, I assure you; not like some of the chaps in the street. I'm rather particular about rack and manger: it's the only way to get into tip-top condition. I was picked up the other day nicely. I was in a hurry, you see-- slipped into the nearest victualling office--pro- prietor sleek and oily ushered me into a dining- room, which looked as dingy as a vault, and smelt confoundedly like a boiling-down esta- blishment. Very unpleasant in warm weather; dulls the appetite amazingly. "What can I have?" said I. "Anything you like," said he. I'm always suspicious of that answer, because I have invariably found it result in not obtaining anything one does like. "Capital stew, sir," he suggested. Afraid of stews--composition, the left bits of yesterday heated up and excruci- atingly flavored with chillies and cayenne, warranted to skin any throat not lined with double block tin as a precautionary measure. "Hashed calves' head," he resumed. "I'm not partial to that dish, Walker; it tastes too much of India-rubber, garnished with glue. Tried it once, and did not get my teeth apart for a fort- night. To cut the matter short, I ordered mut- ton chops, loin, of course, done with the gravy in. I heard a deal of frizzing and spitting, which sounded more like frying-panning than gridiron- izing, and I prepared myself philosophically for the worst. The cook who fries a chop would, in my opinion, be guilty of any enormity--such a man is a regular traitor to the constitution. The mutton appeared after a wait of thirty minutes, with the accompaniment of a trio of parti-colored potatoes, on a white plate. The chops were black enough anyhow; as an addi- tional incitement to my appetite, the unfortu- nates were severed from the neck of the original animal and transmogrified by the culinary pro- cess into an excellent imitation of cinders. By the aid of a blunt knife and three potatoes, hard and cold, like iced snowballs, you may fancy I made a bang-up feast. However, I washed down my disappointment with some capital porter, and rose from the table as empty as a drum. As I was paying the trifling bill for these luxuries an old acquaintance entered. 'Tom,' said he, 'where are you hurrying now?' 'I'm just going to get some luncheon at Don John's.' Egad, Walker, how the proprietor did stare; it was only a Rowland for his Oliver. Bad training ground for my muscles, hey?" At this point of the conversation Tom made three or four hits at some imaginary enemy, by way of illustrating his corporeal powers; and this process appeared to relieve him from the oppressive weight occasioned by the memory of his gastonomic take-in. He then resumed his rattle. "Do you see that short tubby man with a red face, standing near the corner; that's Striver, Dicky Striver, of the Orange-tree. First-rate cricketer and politician." "Strange companions!" I remarked. "Not at all. What are politics but a game of cricket? Your only play is to bowl your ad- versary out, walk into his place and keep it as long as you can. Look at the English Govern- ment, when the Whigs are stumped out, the Tories stump in. At one time the latter were capital hands at a long stop; but the game has shifted lately. Striver is no match for me. I played him at single wicket once, on the Hyde Park ground; knowing my power of muscle, I conditioned that he should not cry "lost ball." Poor fellow! The first hit I made, the leathern circle flew like wildfire over the Sydney College. Away went Striver, puffing and blowing like a whale in convulsions, whilst I took my canters quite gently, and by the time he returned the wind was clean out of his body. He gave up the match, of course. Next morning the iden- tical ball was found near the Victoria Barracks. An astonishing feat, wasn't it?" "I never heard of such a one, previously," I rejoined. "In politics I was equally lucky with him. When he was oratorically inclined at public meetings I coughed him down. He tried to stop my speeches by the same method, but could not, for the life of him; neck too short; he might have coughed himself into an apoplectic fit, and not been a morsel nearer the mark. I'm too strong for him anyhow. The real bricks are not born every day, Walker." "Bricks are very scarce at the present time, I believe, Tom." "Yes; seven pound ten a thousand; but what do I care for that? I'm the richest man in the colony, I take it. One hundred farms; fifty thousand head of cattle; half a million of sheep, and three hundred brood mares--all thorough- bred, and the best rams, bulls, and entires in the world. As for town property, Walker, my houses, I should say, at a guess, rough, you mind, bring me in ten thousand a year." "A Little more or less, as the lawyers say?" I enquired. "Precisely. I'm not particular to a shade you know. One's energies must be kept in ac- tion. How are you, Crowwood?" This question was addressed to a gentleman passing by. "D'ye know Crowwood? Good chap; ex- cellent shot; but I took the conceit out of him at Cook's River. Twenty birds; thirty yards rise; double shooting; pull your own traps. It blew a hurricane and rained a deluge. No joke to keep your powder dry. I managed it, though \--you'd never guess how. I spread a large gig umbrella over my head, strapped the handle to my body, and blazed away from under it without any inconvenience. Crowwood did his duty like a sportsman; but it was no use; I killed all my birds, and one over. I'll tell you how that oc- curred: he missed the identical bird, and when it was my turn to pull, it was at least two hun- dred yards away in the line of my blue rock; I covered them both, and down they came. That was shooting extraordinary, Walker." "With the long bow!" I thought. "I see you have an appetite for such tales. Follow me to Don John's, and if I don't enter- tain you liberally, never call me a brick again." I accepted the invitation, and was not disap- pointed. Tom's imagination added piquancy to the feast, of which I partook more moderately than appeared agreeable to his hospitality. At parting he promised to note down some of the most marvellous circumstances of his life for my perusal, assuring me that he was convinced I should not believe them. It may turn out so. (To be continued.) 