THE 'AUTHORISED1' VERSION OF THE BIBLE. There are thousands of sincere and 'con- scientious Protestants who think the *' Au thorised' Version to be a true and correct translation of the entire of God's ' Inspired Word/' faithfully made from the original Hebrew and Greek copies by the first. Re formers; and also that the opinions and doctrines broached by the Reformers in op position to the received and universally be lieved doctrines of the Roman Catholic Church, were adopted and derived by the said Reformers from the study of the pure Word of Crpd in the ' Original Tongues.' They likewise think that every man, woman and child is able, by his own private judg ment, to understand the meaning of the Sacred. Scriptures without the aid of note or comment, and to form their belief by carefully reading the Bible. We beg, then, in all sincerity and good will, to call the attention of those who conscientiously ad here to these ' Protestant maxims,' to reflect on the following facts, which are adduced, not in a spirit of controversy, but as a matter of historical certainty. Luther and the other Reformers first propounded their new doctrines in opposition to the teaching of the Catholic Church, as their own private opinions, and then had recourse to the silent letter of the Scriptures in , self defence for having refused ' to hear that Church,' which was empowered by Christ, the Divine Founder and Head of the Church, ' to teach all truth,' and to preach that truth to all nations. But finding the Sacred Scriptures, as preserved and expounded by the Church, did not contain or support their new doc trines,' they then have recourse to false or partial translations of the Sacred Text. Hence 'each new Reformer, in succession, gave a new and different version of the Sacred Scriptures, in order to support his own fa vourite doctrines or opinions — and every one of these early Protestant translators of the Bible, is at variance one with another, on many important points. Yet every one of them appeals to the Bible in favour of his own preconceived opinions. Surely if these men were ac quainted with the original Text of the Bible, and if that Text was clear and in telligible to every one who could read it, ttUU. ICIjUliCU UCXUUG1 UUtC Ui UU1U1WJUU bU comprehend its meaning, then there could be no room or ground for these conflicting I and contradictory opinions and translations, which each of these Reformers professes to have derived from the original ' Inspired Text' itself. In fact each of these reformers, in read-- ing and expounding the Scriptures, followed the practise of many specious and cunning lawyers who endeavour to make the best of a bad or doubtful case in favour of their client — these quote so much of the law or of Acts of Parliament as will suit their purpose, omitting 'whatever tells against them — they twist and turn these extracts in every possible manner, trying to make a bad case appear to be a good one. And so did Luther and the other Reformers both in England and on the Continent — they re jected such books or such portions of the I Sacred Scriptures, as made against their nfiw-fanorlfid rlnnfr.rinns. nnrl hViov miat.vnnn lated every text that told against them, and | gave it an interpretation in accordance with their own views. This is not a mere vague or unsupported assertion of ours. We have lying before us the very zoords of the ' first Reformers' in which each one condemns the translations made by the 'other' inter preters of the Holy Bible. And the whole has been summed up in the few foljowjnp - sentences, by our learned friend Dr. Ulla thorne, in his little work on the ' Use and Abuse of ^ the Scriptures' published in Sydney, in the year 1834 :-—?..' ' Luther gives us his opinion of the original Scriptures by a translation of them ; the Zuin^lians offer theirs in another; (Ecolampadius .affords a third translation ; Munster provides a fourth ; Calvin produces a fifth ; Beza presents us with a sixth; Castalio furnishes us with a seventh ; Servetus brines out an eiffht : the English divines under Queen Elizabeth proffer us a ninth ; the divines under King James set forth a tenth, each of which professes to have brought away the true sense of the originals. Whilst, Bucer and the Osiandrians condemn Luther's translation — the Protestants, Staphylus and Emserus, all the while accusing him of one thousand four hundred here tical corruptions. Luther condemns the Zuinglain translation, Zuinglius cendenins Luther's trans lation. Luther condemns Munster's translation. Beza condemns Castalio's translation. Castalio condemns Beza's translation. Calvin condemns the translation of Servetus. lllyricus condems the translation of Beza and Calvin. The English divines of King James condemn the translation of the English divines under Queen Elizabeth. The Catholics, and in many cases the Protestants, condemn the translation of these last divines under James. And yet, all these counter-condemned translations, brought into light by the great foun ders of Protestantism, profess, each and all, to have penetrated the original sense of the sacred writings, and to have brought away and presented to their readers, that one true meaning which the Holy Spirit inspired. And upon these cross grained, unadhering, repellant corner-stones, disunited together into one foundation, is reared up that curious heterogeneous modern religious edifice which, to a Catholic, appears of so singular a fancy ; and which is called, by its admirers * The Great Work of the Reformation.' 'Upon the translation of each master builder, which was generally condemned by all the rest, their respective followers built their faith. And for the true sense of the original Scripture. ' When the doctors of the Reformation are thus ' in arms against each other respecting the true - meaning of the Scriptures, how shall the unlearned , and the lowly ; the weak- minded and the laborer for his bread ; the impoverished in mind or in fortune, provide himself with light and time sum- ', cient to clear up the obscurities in which the letter ? has enveloped the sense ?' So much for the Versions of the conti nental Protestants. Let us now come to review the ' Authorised Version' — with which we are more immediately concerned — made in the reign of James I., and the other English translations that were made before this over, rated Version. As we quoted Protestant Biblical Scholars in our last in favour of the ' Vulgate,' wo shall now also quote Protestant writers who condemn the English Versions of the Bible. First then ' A petition directed to hia most excellent Majesty King James the First, complains that our translation of the Psalms, comprised in the Book of Common Prayer, both in addition, substraction, and alteration, diuer from the truth or the Hebrew in at least two hundred places.' If two hundred corruptions were discovered by learned Protestants in the Psalms alone, how many might be found in the whole Bible from Genesis to Revelation ? These same Protestant petitioners wrote and pub lished a treatise, entitled ' A Defence of t.hfi TVIinistfiVQ T?.onennn fnv T?.fifnanl nf «RnV-. scribing.' The whole scope and argument of this lay in pointing out, in twenty-six chapters, the several mistranslations referred to in the petition, Mr. Carlisle vouches ' that the English translators have depraved the sense, obscured the truth, and deceived the ignorant j that in many places they distort the scriptures from the right sense, and that they shew them selves to love darkness more than light, falsehood more than truth j' and when Dr. Reynolds (a Protestant) made this same objection against the Church ot England, Dr. Whitaker a great stickler for that Church had no other answer to make but ' that it was not to the purpose, and that some things may be amended.' Whitaker's Answer to Dr. Reynolds, p. 255. The, Ministers of the Diocese' of Lincoln could not forbear to declare to his Majesty King James, ' that the English Translation of the Bible t^kes P.v?ayfrom tlio Text, adds to changing ,or. obscuring of the meaning of the Holy Ghost,' adding further, thajb- the translation is absurd and senseless, pervert ing in many places the meaning of the Holy Ghost,' so that Dr. Burges says, ' he. could not approve under his hand, a translation that hath so many additions and omissions j and which sometimes perverts the sense.' Apol. sec. 6. Seeing this great evil of corrupting the Scriptures, Mr. Broughton, a zealous Pro restgnt, writes a letter to the Lords of Council, begging of them to procure a new translation, 'Because,' says he, 'That which is now in England is full of errors.' Triple cord. p. 147. And he tells the v Bishops 'that their public translation of the Scriptures into English perverts the Text of the Old Testament in eight hun dred and forty-eight places, and that it causes millions to reject the New Testament, and to run to eternal flames.' Such a version of the Bible must be anything but a sure rule of Faith ! King James himself, who was an adept Bible reader, admits in the famous Conference at Hampton Court, that the Geneva Translation, then much used in England, was very partial, untrue, and seditious in several places, hence the King complained at the same con ference ' that he could never see a Bible wfill trnnoloforl infrs TTinnrlisll.' ? RfloVl vrvr 3*ions then of the Holy Bible were so many gross impositions on the credulity of the ignorant, for as tue learned Protestant Dr. Whitaker truly says, Ans. to Reynolds, p. 235\. 'Translations are so far only the Word of God, as they faithfully express the meaning of the authentieal text.' The English Translations under the reigns of Edward VI. and Elizabeth being so thoroughly corrupt and so. much cried down, King James commanded a revision and a reformation to be made of these false versions of the Bible. ? Yet strange to say, the whole superstructure of the Protestant Religion was built on these ' corrupt, ab surd, and senseless translations' of the Bible ! Bishop Tunstal discovered no less than 2000 corruptions in Tindal's New Testament! The result of King James's directions to . bring out a new Translation of the Bible was ' the appearance of ' the ' Authorised . Version,' of which mention has been made so frequently. The Puritans on the one side, and the Catholics on the other, shamed the translators of this new Bible into an acknowledgment of several errors .in the former Bibles, and into the correction of a few only of the most glaring ones. The defects and the still numerous errors of this version have been ably exposed by Thomas Ward, a good Hebrew, Greek, and Latin Scholar, in his excellent work on The Errata of the Protestant Bible. He has arranged side by side all those texts in the original Greek and Hebrew which have been falsified or mistranslated in the Protestant Versions, and critically compares them with, the three English versions published in 1567, 1577, and 1579, under Elizabeth, and with the present approved version made under King James, as printed in 1683. Any one who wishes to ascertain what degree of credit is due to this version for accuracy or fidelity should consult Mr. Ward's work. All that can in justice be said in favour of King James's Bible, is, that it has not so many errors as those three editions pub lished under the authority of the Virgin Queen, but that there are many serious errors and mistranslations to be found in iKi ovsr-rnfssd 'Authorised Version.' _,, 