The Bathurst Visionary. Our contemporary in the " far west" would indeed appear to be ' a dreamer of dreams ;" but as a matter of Christian charity he ought to keep the " phantoms of his brain " close-locked up in his chamber, and not send them forth in broad daylight to scare the world out of its seven senses. The circumstance of the disappearance of Mr John Neville was a fine promising bulb of mystery which at once took deep root in the mental hot-bed of our Bathurst visionary, and in due time produced a magnificent ghost story unsurpassed since the days of Banquo and Fleance. The visionings of Maria Martin's mamma in more recent times were completely eclipsed by the " Free Press," which either under the influence of a potential night-cap, or the visitation of a night-mare of untraceable pedigree, poured forth a tale of horror, founded on THE fact of the extensive developement of the organ of credulity in our contemporary's cranium, and thus it spake :— A brother of the murdered man dreamed a dream, and he saw one like unto his brother cruelly murdered by three assassins at a spot in the bush where two trees lie felled, and with a sheet of bark leaning against one thereof. And lo ! the brother summoned assistance, and sought the bloody spot, and lo! he found it. And the two filled trees were there, and the sheet of bark, and a quantity of the murdered man's grey hair sticking to the latter ; and the remains of a large fire in which the remains of the victim had been consumed. And they straightway revealed the dream and its disclosures to the authorities ; the supposed murderers were speedily appre- hended ; and at this point the history of this dreadful case now ends. Now this is about as ingeniously manufactured a bit of CLAIRVOYANCE as was ever proffered to the swallow of the public. For as pretty a little romance, a three-volumed novel, or a five-act tragedy as ever Mrs Ratcliffe, Sir F. L. Bulwer or Shakespeare contrived and brought forth, here were the ingredients ready at hand, served up gratuitously and with all the solemnity of horror-stricken sincerity by the Bathurst visionary. Now, al- though this narrative, worked up to the highest pitch of appaling interest, was given to the world in the columns of the 'Free Press" on the 30th duly, strange to say not the most remote allusion was made to the marvellous matter in the succeeding issue of the 6th August. Nervous readers, shall we tell you why ? Because the dreamer had wide-awakened to the full consciousness of his asinine perpetration, and would willingly have shrunk from the acknowledgment of his hobgoblin offspring. But alas! "Truth like murder will out ;" and out it has come to the overwhelming confusion of the parent whose " false-birth " will ever remain an imperishable monument of ridicule to his editorial achievements. And now for the sequel to the STORY. The remains of Mr Neville have been discovered in the bush, presenting every indication that the unfortunate man had met his death accidentally, by a fall from his horse. Of this, we learn from private sources, there exists not the slightest doubt ; but our sage contemporary, with a disingenuosness which redounds but poorly to his credit, still affects a " mys- tery,'' and would fain win us to the belief that the clue to it is in his exclu- sive possession. Listen to him in his issue of the 13th instant : - Discovery of Mr NEVILLE'S REMAINS. News reached town from Carcoar late on Thurs- day night that the remains of Mr Neville had been, discovered by a small settler named Brennan, lying against a stump in a gully, within a gun- shot of Kelly's house. The missing bridle was also found within a quarter of a mile of the spot. The further particulars of the discovery are as yet kept strictly secret. Immediately on receipt of the intelligence Dr Machattie and Mr Stephen, Solicitor, started off professionally to the locality, where he was found, and were followed by Constable Finnerty and Mrs Neville. The singular part of the story is that this ground has been crossed and re-crossed in every direc- tion by dozens of anxious searchers, without the least success. At present we abstain from further comment. At present WE abstain from further comment. 