TANUNDA SCHOOL EXAMINATION. The yearly examination of this school took place on Wednesday, the 23rd March, at 9 o'clock in the morning, before a large assemblage of the parents, friends, and neighbouring settlers. It commenced with an introductory address spoken by Hugo Muecke, one of the senior scholars. The Rev. Dr. C. Muecke then proceeded to in form the visitors as to the different branches in which instruction had been given during the past yeaT, viz.:—Scripture history, natural history, his tory of the world, geography, the_ English language, arithmetic, music, singing, drawing, &c.; Half an hour was allowed for examination in each branch, the intervals being employed by the pupils in singing several good melodies. -Some good pieces of music also were performed by a band of youthful musicians, under the direction of Mr. Traeger. Amongst the performances, we noticed as very creditable those of Franz Beyer and Hugo Muecke, on the violin; of Hermann Nettelbeck on the German flute; and of Richard Sobels on the bassoon* The oldest of these performers does not exceed thir teen years of age. In the exercises of arithmetic, geography, and the use of the globes, the examina tion was conducted iir English, and the senior pupils were distinguished by a proficiency highly creditable to the master, Mr. Basedow, for his unremitting exertions and the trouble he has taken with his pupils, especially when the irregular attendance of; the children is considered. some fair specimens of drawing were shown, ana amongst them one by Julius Sobels was particularly noticed. A map of South Australia, by Bichard Sobels, was considered a very creditable specimen. The School consists at present of 50 scholars; 83 boys and 17. girls. The following prizes, given by €r. P. Angas, Esq.,; were then awarded, for general good scholarship:—I 1st Prize ... Hugo Muecke 2nd Prize ... Hermann Nettelbeck 3rd Prize ... Bichard Sobels 4th Prize ... Eugene Muecke. For the best English scholarship, given by Mr. E. Magnus:— 1st Prize ... Franz Beyer 2nd Prize ... Hugo Muecke 3rd Prize ... Helena Boenfeld. The Bev. Dr. Muecke, in a kind and appropriate address to the fortunate candidates, reminded them that there was still room for improvement; and ex horted the others not to relax in their endeavours to merit similar honours at the next examination. He then addressed the parents, urging on them the necessity of their endeavours to ensure the regular attendance of their children at the schooL At the conclusion of the address, small presents consisting of books and other articles were given to each of the children. In the afternoon, the children, headed by their master, formed in procession, and, being followed by their parents and most of the inhabitants of Tanunda, repaired to a pleasant rural vicinage, where they were regaled with tea, coffee, and cakes. Music, singing, &c.;, succeeded, and these innocent and delightful recreations were contiued till dusk, when the party broke up, all being highly pleased with the day's proceedings. Annual Festival to the Children of St. John's Sunday-school.—On Easter Monday, the Teachers of the above school gave their usual festi val to the children at the Pulteney-street School room. There were present, including visitors, nearly 250 persons. Besides a plentiful supply of cakes, gingerbread, biscuits, and confectionery, there was* a large quantity of grapes and melons, a portion of which was presented by Mr. John Bailey. The room was gaily decorated with the flags and banners of the school, and some beautiful bouquets of flowers tastefully arranged. The children took tea at half past 5 o'clock. After justice had been done to the good cheer, the room was cleared, and preparations made for a display of Mr. James Allen's beautiful magic- lantern, the largest in the colony. The slides consisted of celestial bodies, views in London and 1 foreign countries, and some highly amusing comic characters, among which Mrs. Judy, our old friend Punch's wife, excited particularly the laughter of the young people. This was followed by a display of fireworks in the acre belonging to the school, i A. great crowd collected, but excellent order was pre served by two policemen, whose services had been kindly lent for the occasion. A fire-balloon was also inflated; but, unfortunately, after rising as high as the roof of the building, it caught one of the corners, and was immediately enveloped with flames. We are sorry to say that Mr. G. W. Hawkes, the superintendent of the school, and the indefatigable caterer for the amusement of the children, met with au aceident while firing a mine. It exploded prema turely, from some imperfection of the fusee, and stunned him. The effect, however, was not serious, for he is likely to escape with a few days' disable ment of his right hand. The entertainments were concluded by the re-assembling of the children in the school-room, where they sang the Doxology, and were dismissed after a brief and appropriate address from the Kev. J. C. Bradshaw, incumbent of St. John's Church. St. George's Sunday and Day Schools, Gawler Town.—The annual tea-party in connection with these institutions took place on Monday, the 14th inst. About 130 children and 160 adults sat down to tea. The room was gaily decorated for the occasion, and the provisions, which were supplied by the ladies of the congregation, were abundant. Among the company present were the Lord Bishop of Adelaide and Mrs. Short, the Dean and Mrs. Farrell, Rev. W. J. Woodcock, Mr. and Mrs. Butler, Mr. King, and Dr. Lewis and Mr. Gameau (War dens). After the tables were cleared, the meeting was addressed by the Incumbent, Rev. W. H. Coombs; the Lord Bishop, who gave an interesting account of the Port Lincoln Native Mission; the Dean, and Mr. Woodcock. Besides the proceeds of a large sale of tickets, a collection was made in the room amounting to £5, which is intended for the augmentation of the school library. On the previous day (Sunday) the Bishop preached in St. George's to a large congregation, and confirmed eleven young persons. , Wesleyan Sunday-School, North Ade laide.-— On Sunday last sermons were preached and collections made in the Wesleyan Chapel, at North Adelaide, in aid of the funds of the Sunday school. The value of religious education was clearly shown, and the claims of Sunday schools were ably enforced by the Revs. Messrs. Draper, Gardner, and Hull, who officiated at the successive services. The con gregations were excellent, in the evening in par ticular; the Chapel was crowded. Much interest appeared to have been excited, and the collections at the three services amounted to £20. On Monday afternoon the children were assembled to engage in a religious service. They were then addressed by Mr. Draper, and afterwards plentifully Tegaled with tea and cake; spending the rest of the afternoon in innocent amusements. At 6 o'clock the Chapel was again crowded by a highly respectable assembly, who partook of tea, which was provided in abundance by 17 ladies of the congregation. The proceeds of the sale of tickets, the whole being given to the funds of the school, amounted to about £20. After the tea meeting, a highly interesting public meeting was presided over by the Rev. D. J. Draper, and most efficiently addressed by the Revs. Messrs. Hull, Gardner, and Watt, and Messrs. Bakewell, Perryman, Mitchell, and Hack. The subjects in troduced by the resolutions were the value and im portance of Sunday schools, the necessity of parental training and culture, and the desirableness of es tablishing a library for the benefit of the teachers and children. These topics were ably discussed by (the several speakers, who appeared not only to feel a lively interest in the several subjects, but also to be successful in inducing. the same feeling in the large assembly they addressed. The usual -votes of thanks were passed to the ladies who provided the tea, &c.; A collection was made .at the doors, for the purpose of assisting in,the formation of a library; and the whole proceeds of the services on Sunday and Monday exceed £50. it was staled that 18 teachers are now engaged in the school, and that the children in attendance are ahont ISO. A well deserved tribute was paid to the zeal and perse verance of Mr. T. J. Mitchell, the superintendent of the school, who has for some years past laboured most assiduously to promote its interests. Ordination.—On Saturday last an Ordina tion service was held at Trinity Church, when the Rev. F. Platts, minister of St. Andrew's Chureh, Walkerville, and the Rev. E. Jenkins, Acting Head Master of St. Peter's Collegiate School, were ad mitted to the order of priesthood. Prayers were read by the Rev. W. J. Woodcock; and the Very Rev. the Dean, and the Rev. Messrs. Bagshaw, Fulford, Platts, and Jenkins assisted at the service. The oath of supremacy was administered by Mr. Bartley, the Registrar of the Diocese. The Lord Bishop preached an appropriate discourse from Acts xx., v. 28:—" Take heed therefore unto yourselves, and to all the dock, over which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the church of God, which he hath purchased with his own blood." : The Lord Bishop op Adelaide.-—We understand that Dr. Short and his family are about to pay a visit to England, and that they have taken their passage by the Shackamaxon, which vessel is advertised to sail on Monday. Election of Churchwardens.—On Easter Tuesday the annual vestry meetings of the seat renters of Trinity Chureh, St. John's Church, and Christ Church, North Adelaide, were held for the election of Churchwardens and Sidesmen for the en suing year. At Trinity Church, Dr. Gosse was elected Churchwarden by the pewholders, Mr.. R. A. Fiveash was nominated by the minister, and Messrs. F. Haire, R. B. Lucas, Thos. Fax, H. D. Hilton, and — Shadgett, were elected Sidesmen. North Adelaide Institute.—Considerable additions have been made to the library of this In stitution ; and in the department of the periodicals, Punch and the Illustrated London News are now to be added. The Adelaide Waterworks.—The works so spiritedly undertaken by Messrs. Taylor & Berry are already so rapidly approaching', completion that it is veiy probable a first supply of the pure element will be delivered to the water- carriers in a fortnight; in which case the undertaking will have been ac complished Within six weeks of the receipt of the grant of asitefrom the Government. The snpply will he abundant, and the water thoroughly fil tered. Cricket.—On Easter Monday, a match came off upon Mr. John Morphett's section, near Glenelg. It excited more than usual interest, partly, perhaps, because the noble old English game seems lately to have been dormant among ns (unless indeed the mantle of our former cricketers may be supposed to have fallen npon the Arch deacon's blackfellows at Port Lincoln), and partly because it was understood that several gentlemen recently arrived in the colony would infuse a little new blood into the field. Sides were made npon the ground by Messrs. Andrews and Lawrence, the former winning the toss for first choice. The um pires were the Hon. John Morphett and Dr. Thomas. The score was as follows:— MR. ANDREWS'S PARTY first nrensGS. Andrews,'b. by Lawrence ... Button, b. by Maddock Maddock, jum, b. by Lawrence G. Giles, b. by Lawrence J. Flaxman, b. by Moddock ... Stoddart, b. by Moddock Draper, b. by Maddock Cator, b. by Maddock Parr, st. by Maddock Davenport, not out Solly, b. by Maddock Byes 31 SECOND INNINGS. Andrews, b. by Maddock ... 19 Button, run out. 4 Haddock, jun., run out 17 G. Giles, c. by Maturin, b. by Lawrence ... 14 J. Flaxman, c. by Maturin, b. by Lawrence 3 Stoddart, c. by Lawrence, b. by Maddock... 5 Draper, b. by Maddock 0 Gator, st. by Maddock 0 Parr, b. by Maddock 8 Davenport, b. by Maturin 8 Solly, not out : ... 3 Byes 2 Total in both innings 117 MB. LAWRENCE'S PARTY. FIRST INNIKGS. Lawrence, b. by Flaxman. 3 Maddock, b. by Flaxman 4 Rivaz, b. by Andrews 0 Marsden, b. by Flaxman 2 Wakeling, L b. w., b. by Hutton ... ... -0 A. Maturin, b. by Andrews 2 W. A. Maturin, c. by Stoddart, b. by Andrews 5 F. Wrigbt, c. by Button, b. by Flaxman ... 4 Sanderson, not out 8 Nicholls, b. by Flaxman 2 Cope, b. by Flaxman 1 Byes 8 "Wldes 3 SECOND INNINGS. Lawrence, not out 18 Maddock, c. t>y Davenport, b. by Andrews 18 Rivaz, b. by Bntton 0 Marsden, st. by Andrews 1 Wakeling, c. by Stoddart, b. by Hutton ... 0 A. Maturin, b. by Hutton ... * ... ... 3 W. A. Maturin, b. by Flazman 0 F. "Wright, b. by Flazman ... ... 15 Sanderson, b. by Flazman 6 Nicbolls, b. by Andrews 0 Cope, st. by Andrews 0 Wides 17 Total in both innings 123 Much of the play was exceedingly good; but it was evident that none of the players were in fall practice. The batting of Mr. Maddockjand his son, and that of Messrs. Lawrence, Andrews, Wright and Parr, was excellent. The howling of Messrs. Maddock, Law rence, Andrews, and Flaxman, was also exceedingly good. The fielding was generally pretty fair, audit some instances admirable. The most noticeable incident of the day was the catching out of Mr. Maddock, in the second innings, by Mr. Davenport, who had long field. The ball appeared flying oat of all bounds, bat he backed before it and caught it beautifully by a high reach with a single hand. His Excellency and Lady Young were on the ground, and several parties of ladies and gentlemen from Adelaide and Glenelg, who partook of the liberal hos pitality of the cricketers in a spacious marquee, over which waved a gay banner, belonging apparently to some foreign consul. The tables were not only amply, but elegantly spread, several of the fair resi dents of the Bay having contributed presents from their kitchens and their gardens. The large number of ladies' present gave the field a very cheerful appearance, and it may be hoped that the sports of the day were sufficiently interesting to them to secure their attendance at the return match; which is to come off shortly in the neighbourhood of Adelaide. Besides the invited guests, there were from two to three hundred persons present, and various other pastimes were introduced—games of cricket, quoits, &c.;, and we noticed one publican's booth. Parties were given in the evening at the booses of the Hon. John Morphett, and H. E. Wigley, Esq., J.P. This is the first time there has been an attempt here on a large scale to do honor to Easter Monday. We hope it may not be the last. Horse Accident.—On Monday morning about 9 o'clock, a boy named Dobbie, about 15 years old, in the employ of Mr. Marrable, butcher, Bundle street, was thrown from a horse near Mr. Byley's door, and dragged by the stirrup for some distance along King William-street. As the horse was kicking furiously, and the boy was taken insensible into a neighbouring chemist's shop, it was generally supposed he had received severe injuries; but Dr. Bayer, who was sent for immediately, found no ma terial mischief done beyond a laceration on the wrist and arm, which is not likely to be serious. DESTRUCTIVE FIRE. —About 12 o'clock on Good Friday, a fire broke out in Morphett Yale on the premises of Mr. Richard Humphries. The house and furniture, two stacks of hay, one of straw, and 200 bushels of wheat, were consumed, together with a waggon and many farm implements. Through the exertions of the neighbouring settlers, the fire was prevented from spreading to the ad joining properties. Police-constable Heywood, sta tioned at the Emu, was soon on the premises, and manfully assisted in extinguishing the fire. It is computed that property to the amount of £500 was destroyed. 