ILOBALLT TOVRA EDXKSDAY, JANUARY 19, 1S5S. "WE owe it not only to ourselves but to our numerous Subscribers and Friends, to repudiate the false and calumnious assertions, that we desire this Islands to be made, and to continue, the only spot of the vast continent cf Australia to which the erring children of the Mother country may be sent to expiate their offences. Whilst we have endeavoured to protect the interests of all classes— the oppressed have met with our greatest sympathy—but to convert this act of Christian Charity, and to turn our advocacy of the cruelly wronged and insulted, as the foundation upon which to buiid up false assertions—is a species of low-bred trickery, only equalled by its puritanical villainy. AVhat we desire to see isj this, the land of our adoption, happy and prosperous. We desire to see our agricultural interests, above all others, flourish—and whilst we have condemned, and will condemn, that insane policy that would at once cut off the very life blood by which this country has attained its present greatness, and which if suddenly stopped, wauld bring absolute ruin upon our farmers and stock-owners—yet when a better description of labor is imported, and a more healthy current flows to our shores, we will be, with our fellow colonists, the first to hail and appreciate such au event, but we never can can forget the great and lasting benefits this colony has up to the present time received in consequence of the prison labor. Those who have, by the labour of the bondman, amassed their great wealth, should have the common decency, at least, not to turn round and attempt suddenly to extinguish the means by .which they were raised to their present positions, when it is a patent and notorious fact that, old cobblers, match makers, fraudulent debtors, and like honorable adventurers, landed on these shores pennyless, and by^id of government men, government ground, government rations, and government money, have left to their offspring, vast territory, flocks andriclies ! We feel quite at a loss to discover the senseless clamor as to the wortblcssness of the labnr power, now by a few repudiated. The magnificient public buildingsi he roads and bridges of the Colony, unsurpassed in any part of the known world is a lasting testimony of the only description of labor nt present or for years, likely t» be at our disposal. . When we add to our roads and public buildinjrs, the dense' forests that have yielded to the arm of civilization, and that have been converted by tiie once erring sons ot the human family into smiling pardens, orchards and green fields, then arc we impressed with the common conviction, that the labour so engerlv sought after by the great majority of ihe colonists as well now, as in times gone by—is the only description of labour that can be retained and made useful, wli.le our neighbouring gold fields continue to yield a rich harvest, to almost our entire free population drawn thither by such glittering allurements. To expect free men to remain when even League employers, who from consistency or necessity go to the Hiring Depot to seek servants at £8 per year, would indeed be a miracle—yea, as jjreat a miracle ns that of the man of piet and eloqupnee refusing £600 per annum—because he could nut get if. Against the Colony being ruined by the insane policy ofsn c illed Leaguers we will ever protest. \\\ ho these men are, 110 one can discover, the only tangible being is their Prussian Secretary, and he poor match less man, will no doubt yield up the ghost, when there is 110 provider forthcoming from the exchequer. The German tuy-man, will no longer ride liis hobby horse, when his foia/e ailov.anci? is stopped—his draft epistles to the Secretary of State slandering the colonists, may he paisted into a mote useful form, in ti-.e way of match-boxes—and the so called L»ague may punder, if tliev will, over the disappointments they have experienced in those heartburnings and dissensions which they hive attempted so cruelly to foment in this community being prevented taking root, through the prudent and sagacious fhrsi^ht of the people. We are glad to find that the eyes of the respectable native youth have been opened to the trap the Leaguers have laid for iheni—had they allowed themselves to have been ensnared in the meshes of lliis faction, it would have been au everlasting blot upon them. Tiie noble sentiments enunciated by Mr. Matthew Wiiks at the Great Demonstration Dinner, has we g!ad.arc to find metawarm responsejin theheartsol thegreat and overwhelming body of this class of colonist stheir interests are clearly identified with the soil and with the people, and in our humble advocacy of the cause of the people, we have written as we have honestly felt,—we have denounced those intinerating imposters, e. —those wolves in black clothing, who have travelled east, WEST, north and south, to ruin and delame our land. But that this course should be turned to our prejudice, and that a League conspiracy should be entered into to deprive our journal of that share of public support, which h.is been accorded to us,.—is certainly more than we either anticipated or expected. When, however, we look upon the elements which composed tliisonce living but now putrid body, and when we witness the disappointed l-jge ol the infuriated beasts of the pack, who long duped and preyed upon the people, we must not fVel surprised that the defeats they have sustained, and the disappointments to which they have been subject, should lead them to acts, the perpetration of which could only be committed bv men destitute of all manly feeling—men whose hearts are as depraved as their writings are blasphemous and scurrilous. Believing that the course we have ever pursued has been for the benefit of our f'eiiowmen, and of the colony, ws ivii] continue onward in the path we have chosen, and we rely 011 the sterling woith of the people, that when to advance the hitter interests of faction lither auctioneers or grocers withdraw from us their support, the people will known who to employ, and with whom lo deal. Our circulation is the surest basis of our strength — and while we have not attempted to follow, that which we feel others will have ere long to abandon, viz.—1 daily issue,—yet we will endeavour to supply such valuable and reading information, with leading and original matter, as will render our journal what it really is, a family newspaper and not a mere advertising sheet, an Omnibus or Trumpeter. 