MIXED MARRIAGES . INCOMPATIBI E WITH THE PROPER CELEBRATION OF MARRIAGE AS A SACRAMENT. It is well known that the Christian Rits of! Marriage has been ever held as a Divine Institution in the' Catholic Church, and that it was always ranked by the Church amongst the Seven Sacraments of the New Iiaw. So universal indeed was this belief throughout Christendom at the period of the mis-called Reformation, that Henry VIII. himself undertook a defence of this article of Catholic Faith against the Apos tate friar Martin Luther. And it was on account of Henry's book in ' defence of the Seven Sacraments' that the Illustrious Pope Leo X. conferred on him the 'Title' ;of King Defender of the Faith — but strange to say this very title is still retained amongst those that decorate the Royal Insignia of Queen Victoria, although it is notorious that all the Sovereigns of Grreat Britain, since the days of Queen Elizabeth, have rejected the Catholic Doctrine, of ,hplding Matrimony as one of the Seven Sacra ments. As the Bishops of the Church, have re ceived from Christ our Lord the power of administering all the Sacraments, which are essentially and exclusively of Divine Insti tution, they have also received the power to regulate the proper and reverential manner according to which these holy Ordinances of Divine Grace should be administered. . This is ay sacred and spiritual, right whioh the Church can never surrender to the control or management of the powers of this World. When therefore the Secular Powers of the state lay down any conditions regarding the mode of contracting Marriage as. a mere ' civil act' or ceremony, which may be re pugnant to, or in contravention v of the sacred rites prescribed by the Church for the due celebration of Marriage a9 a Sacra ment, theu the Bishops justly reclaim against such encroachment on their spiritual rights. They justly remonstrate with the Powers of this world, that as they (the Bishops) did not receive their commission to administer the Sacraments from Kings or human Le gislatures, therefore they demand the right of being left free to administer sacred things according to the principles and the spirit of the sacred ministry received from Christ himself, the Prince of Pastors, and the Su preme Head of the Christian Church. But the Rulers of this world— especially those who h.aye broken off from the commu nion of the Catholic Church, who know not the things that are of God, take um brage at the bold stand made by 'the Bishops whom the Holy Ghost hath placed to rule the Church of God j' although these Bishops always feel it as ^ part of their high calling to aid the Powers of the State* in carrying out all the laws framed for the good government of the people, except in the cases where any of these laws clash with the free exercise of ' their rights' as th,e Ministers of the Saored Institutions of Christ.' Then they firmly remonstrate with the Powers that be, for their unautho rised encroachment on the spiritual func tions pi the ' Ambassadors of Christ' in the 'administration of the sacraments. Hence the upseemly collision into which the ;Bishops have 'been brought with .the. State in. Borne countries, particularly; where, the people are' com posed of various; sects, which, have separated from the com munion, of, the Church, and where the su preme powers of the State are wielded by Protestants or Schismatics. England, Holland, and Prussia have of lato years presented some deplorable instances wherein the temporal powers attempted to coerce the Church into a mode of administering the Sacrament, of Marriage quite contrary to the, principles and discipline of the Church. But in all these cases, the Bishops,- as the faithful followers of Christ, and like the intrepid imitators of the Apostles, preferred to be sent into exile or cast, into prison, rather than betray the sacred trust and in junction laid on them by Christ himself, 'not to throw pearls before swine, or to give holy things to the dogs.' Now as the Pastors of the Church believe that the Sacrament of Marriage confers Divine grace on those who are properly dis posed to receive it, but that it brings con demnation to the unworthy receiver j hence they cannot be censured by any sincere Christian for refusing to confer that Sacra ment on those whom they do not, and cannot, consider to be in a proper and worthy state to receive the grace of this Sacrament. Bui as Protestants -dp not hold marriage -.to be a ' Sacrament,' bow can they'in the eye of a Catholic be considered in a fit state — no matter how irreproachable they may be in their moral character, to partake of this Sacred Institution, in whose efficacy to con* fer grace, they have no belief whatever? Hence the constant and well-founded re luctance of the Bishops and Priests of the Catholic Church to administer the Sacra* ment of Marriage to parties, whereof one biing a Protestant, does not hold Marriage to be . a Sacrament at all. And fbresootn because'! he 'Cu^TcH~en3Savo]5T6'l't6' preserve and protect the, dignity and the reverence due to the Sacrament of Marriage, and likewise uses all proper precautions for securing the education of the offspring of such marriages in the Catholic Faith, then indeed' Protestant . Princes and Protestant Statesmen cry out against this just and wholesome discipline of the Qhurch. B,ut the short and easy way to put a stop to such complaints is this, let Protestants nvirry parties of their own way of thinking.and then they may be satisfied that the Church will rest contented, and will never give them any cause of dissatisfaction on that point. But it is really too much, for any honest and conscientious Protestant to expect that the Catholic Church will change her laws and discipline — regulated on the spiritual conviction of her belief in the Institution of Marriage as a ?' Sacrament,' in order to please the humour or the disbelief of others in anything of the sort. It would be both unreasonable ami prepos terous to expect such a saprilegious conces sion on the part of the Church, the, faithful guardian of Divine truths and of holy things. As a further elucidation of this question of 'Mixed Marriages' as they are (Sailed, we beg to call attention to a very clear, forcible aud practical ' Pastoral Address'1 from the Archbishop of Baltimore on this subject to be found in our pages. The rules laid down in that ' Pastoral' regarding the proper administration of the Sacrament of Marriage are as applicable and as necessary for Catholics in Australia as they are for their fellow-Catholics in the United States of Aroerici». ? 