WESLEYAN MISSIONARY SOCIETY. TUB anniversary meeting of the New South Wales Auxiliary Wesleyan Missionary So- ciety, adjourned from the 13th instant on ac- count of the inclemency of the weather, wes held on Monday evening last, in the Centenary Chapel, York- street. The weather was scarcely more propitious on this occasion than on the former, but a cessation of the torrents of rain having occurred from about five until half-past seven o'clock, a meeting of about 800 persons had taken their 6eats in the chapel ere the rain had again commenced to fall. The GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT (Rev. W. B. Boyce) gave out a h j mn for singing, after which the Rev. J. Engleston engaged in prayer. Mr. ALLBN (Alderman of the city, and M.L.C.) having been called to the chair, briefly stated the object of the meeting, and caliea upon the Secretary (Mr. Ducker) to read the Report. . REPORT, 1852-3. In presenting this, tho 3iud report, of the proceedings of tho Wesleyan Missionary Society for the past year, we on reminded, by a retraapactlve view of tho silent unostentatious progress of religion in the world, that tho kingdom of God couictU not with outward show. Tho moral changes which in their full manifestations ar* the means by which the kingdoms of this world will become the kingdoms of our Lord and of his Christ, operate quietly and unseen. We aro occasionally favoured with indications of marked success, cheering and encouraging to us while carrying on our labour of lovo; but moro commonly wa have to cast our bread upon tho waters hoping to find it again after many days. In Ireland and Continental Europe your missionaries are endeavouring to revive the name of pure Christi- anity—almost extinguished by the deadly miasma of superstition or infidelity. Your agents are viewed with some measure of jealousy by tho despotic governments of France and Germany, and by the professedly liberal authorities of the republics of Switzerland. Yet their labours have not been without success, as the following results will prove. In Ireland.21 missionaries 1033 members. Frunce and Switzer- land .. .. 19 " 821 " Germany .. T. 1 " 1000 " Spain. 1 " SI " Total .. 46 " 8816 " Ceylon and Continental India contain 27 stations, in which 38 missionaries labour, and report 2010 members. In theso districts educational efforts occupy much of tho time of your missionaries, and with pleasing pros- pects of success in reference to the great work of conver- sion. A native ministry is being raised up, and tho tact that all connexion between the Uritish Government and the patronage of Idolatry has now ceased, lends us to in- dulge in well founded hopes of a much moro rapid exten- sion of Christian influences. The war in Southern Africa having now been brought to a conclusion, the mission of your society will be no longer impeded by that dreadful scourge of a fallon world. It is consoling to know that the Christian Churches in Kaflrland were opposed to the attack upon tho colony, and generally maintained their consistency as followers after peace. Tlio colonial work Is generally prospering? We have in this part of the world, 40 mis- sionaries, and 42S4 members. The missions to the negro population of Western Africa, the coast of Guinea, and the kingdom of Ashanti, are carried on in deadly climates, and under circum- stances of privation and danger, which render the labour the nearest approach to martyrdom which thu experience of modern times affords. But your society has never had to stay its operations from the wint of volunteers for this, the forlorn hope, band of the mis- sionary company. It is anticipated that the increase of native labourers, and the employment of properly quali- fied coloured ministers tro ia the Weat Indies, will in due time render the permanent residence of European mia sionaries unnecessary. This dangerous sphere has been however a most successful one. We have here l8 mis- sionaries and 7281 members. The missions to the British West Indies, and the Island of llayti, among the ISrltish colonists and liberated negroes, employ 85 ministers, and number 43,510 members. The transition state of society from slavery to liberty, and the groat and sudden changes In the commercial policy of the British Government, for which these colonies were not prepared, have operated unfavourably upon the temporal prosperity of tho com- munity. The present Is a period of trial to all classes, from which the various Christian Churches are not exempt. The work is certainly assumiug a mow steady and staid character, and we are satisfied that the trials and .iiseonragements which have been so severely felt by the European and negro population will bo eventually over- ruled for great spiritual and intellectual good. In British North America 180 missionaries are em- ployed, and our Church contains 17,500 members. 15 missionaries principally labour among the aborigines in Canada and tho Hudson's Bay territory. New Zealand, the Tonga and Fejeo Islands, are our neighbours, for whom our position requires us especially to care. Hore wa have 44 missionaries, and 13,9il mem- bers. From our proximity to these missions we aro fre- quently cheered by the pleasing reports of eye wit- nesses, who have themselves seen in theso localities the effect« wrought by the influence of Divine grace. The Australian colonies employ 38 ministers, and number about 5200 members. With the exception of the native mission at Swan Uiver, the labour Is exclu- sively English in its character, not materially differing from the work of the ministry at home. Wo are thank- ful for the measure of success whicii, In spite of tho dis- traction occasioned by the discovery of gold, has been granted to us ; and we have to record an addition of 4 labourers, wisely sent out by the Committee to meet the pressing claims of those rapidly advancing communities. We havo also to congratulate ourselves upon tho pre- sence of the Rev. Robert Young, the representative of the British Conference and Connexion, who meets us as a deputation, to arrange the terms of a friendly separation from, and yet continued union with, the Methodist Churches of the mother oountry. This measure will, we believe, be a great step in our onward progress, and will render us more useful both in tho colonies, and in reference to our future enterprises for the gathering in of the heathen of Polynesia, &c.; Another mission remains to be noticed. China is at length entered by a Wesleyan missionary. A young mun named George Piercy, impelled by a zeal which would not be denied, commenced the enterprise at his own cost and risk, and is now formally received as a fellow-labourer by tho Wesleyan Conference. Two others were preparing to join this devoted young man, aud have no doubt by this time reached the shores of China. r { Th« educational labours of- your mission churches de- mand your grateful acknowledgments. About 80,000 children are being trained in your sohools, and already our missionary ministry is beginning to receive numerous labourers, trained, like Timothy, from childhood in the knowledge of the Holy Scriptures. The general summary of the Wesleyan Missions is as follow s : Central or principal stations, called circuits, oc- cupied by the Society in various parts of the world. .-.. 356 Chapels and other preaching places in connexion with the abovementioned central or principal stations, so far as ascertained . 3092 Missionaries and assistant missionaries, in- cluding 21 supernumeraries . 470 Other paid agents, as catcchists, Interpreters, day school teachers, &c.; 7tJ2 Unpaid agents, as Sabbath-school teachers, &o...; 6477 Full and accredited Cburoh members (including Ireland). .103,078 On trial for Church membership, as far as ascer f tninod . MO» Scholars, deducting for those who attend both the day and Sabbath schools . 79,841 , Printing establishments . 8 The Income of the Society for the year ending May, 1852, waa.111,730 19 9 The expenditure for the same period was 111,655 14 4 Being a surplas for the year 1862 of ... 176 6 6 But still leaving a debt, as carried from the ronnor year, «f . 10,608 7 9 The Treasurer's Report showed the last year's receipts for the Sydney North Branch of the N. S. W. Auxiliary to have been £274 16s. 8d. The moneys received in connexion with the present anniversary services, so far as they have progressed, are as follow: Collected by Mis. Tinlay, Balmain, £9 10s. ; missionary boxes, by Mr. Wade, £31 10s. 7d. ; Master Jones, £7 4s. ; Mr. Welsh (sailors) £3 14B. 4d. ; other miscellaneous donations, £16 14s. 5d. ; at sermons in York-street Chapel, £41 ös. 6d. î Prince-Btreet, £26 18s. 6d. , The Rev. ALEXANDER SALAMON said that it WA8 with very sincere pleasure that he rose to move the adoption of the Report, which had just been read by the Secretary, but before addressing the meeting on the sub- ject he would read the motion in the terms in which it waa put into his hands : namely " That the Report now read be received ; and that this meeting offers its grate- ful acknowledgements to Almighty God for the cheering measure of success which he continues to grant to the agents of this and similar Protestant institutions, and regards that success as furnishing additional encou- ragement to renewed endeavours to promote the spread of Christianity in heathen lands." It must be evi- dent to all who heard the reading of the report that it was a very gratifying record indeed of the labours and* of the success of the Wesleyan Missionary Society ; and by it is furnished to the Christian world additional evidence that God is giving success to the word of his grace, the sword of the Spirit being now as strong as ever to the pulling down of the strongholds of sin and error. As David said of the son of Zadoc, " He is a good man, and cometh with good tidings, so he would say of this report, that it was a good ene, and brought delightful tidings, that the " good news of the everlasting Gospel " is evidently spreading fast, and reaching afar, - the proclamation of offered pardon, full and free, has penetrated into the camp of the rebels, and not a few are returning to their fealty and devoted obedience. The circle is rapidly widening in our day. Every year and every month are fresh inroads made into the territories of the powers of dark- ness, and fresh accessions made to the domains of the Prince of Peace. The knowledge cf f !'«. name of Christ is daily extending, and the boundaries of the Redeemer's kingdom enlarg- ing, giving happy presage that " His dominion shall ext»nd from sea to sea, and from the rivers unto the ends of the earth ;" that the Messiah shall wave his sceptre over all the nations. The report proved that the mission- aries of this society had been down to the val- ley of Elah, where the hosts of Israel are fighting with the armies of the Philistines, and brought tidings of how the latter were defeated, while the tribes of Israel were hastening to take full possession of the whole land. He (Mr. Salmon) did not belorig to the Wesleyan division of the grand allied army, but none the less did he rejoice at the successes of that division. He hoped and believed that he and they were enlisted under the same banner, and owned one " Captain" of their salvation, and waa enabled to rejoice with them in the triumphs that they had won. When Jesse sent his son David to the valley of Elah, he gave him ten cheeses to carry as a present to the captain of the thousand to which his brethren belonged : so, while he (Mr. Salmon) carried his gift to the captain of another thou- sand, he rejoiced none the less at the gift given to the captain of their (the Wesleyan) thou- sand. Would to God there were a Jeuse to bestow, and a David to carry a present to the captain of every thousand, and sure he was that the Lord God of Israel would bless them all, and the soldiers of Jesus Christ would be encouraged in their arduous and all-important enterprises. The time is hastening on when it shall be said that the Philistines are subdued, and that they come no more up to the coast of Israel. It is, however, sufficient for any man to belong to the armies of Israel ; and whatever his place or duty, whether to guard a pass or lead a forlorn hope, let him only do his duty, in humble dependence upon Divine grace, and he shall not lose his reward, but on the contrary have abundant reason to rejoice in that glorious victory by which sinners are redeemed to God and made hanpy in his love. It would argue a total want of right feeling if they did not rejoice at their success, but they Bhould beware lest in their congratulations they appropriate any of the honour or praise to themselves, for our God is a jealous God-'* he will not give his praises to another, nor his glory to graven images." Let the sen- timent of David be deeply and indelibly en- graven on their hearts,-" Not unto us, O Lord, not unto us, but unto Thy name, be all the glory." It waa a remarkable fact-in one sense, at least, though not in another-that professing Christians who altogether dis- carded the doctrine of tne necessity of the Holy Spirit's influences in order to give saving efficiency to a preached gospel,-or who make light of that doctrfne,-are extremely cold and indifferent in regard to the Missionary work ; the first class seem to have so little confidence in their own creed that they dare not recom- mend it for the adoption of others, while the others deem it of so little value that others may well do without it; and both hold that they may spare themselves any exertion for the dissemination of these dectrine«. Of these, melancholy examples were to be found in every Church. But let all who possess and hold the contrary doctrine acknowledge the Scripture doctrine, " Not by might nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord ;" let them beware of indulging a vain-glorious spirit, than which nothing is more calculated to arrest the flow of the Holy Spirit's saving and sanctifying influences, to quench the holy fire from the upper sanc- tuary. It had not been by their own powpr or might of arms that they had achieved the success or gained the lands referred to in the Report. Therefore should they thankfully and adoringly say, " This is the Lord's d:>ing¡ an-i it is marvellous in our eyes ;" and, while re- joicing in the success, ascribe that Buccess to the mighty power of the Holy Spirit of God, and be incited to increased diligence and zeal until it shall be said " the kingdoms of this world are become the kingdoms of our Lord and of hil Christ." If they did but sufficiently value the religion of the Gospel for their own benefit, with what increased energy would they exert themselves for the untold multi- tudes of the human family who knew not the blessed sound. They could not then sit sel- fishly dewn in the possession of the hope which that Gospel lights up in the souls of converted men, without an effort to extend its blessings to those multitudes of their fellow-men before whom is nothing but a " fearful looking for of fiery indignation." Oh, if the " day-spring from on high hath visited" them, while " sitting in the region and Bhadow of death," could they sit down, careless of the many millions walking in the broad road, " leading down to the chambers of death ?" Could they regard any amount of sacrifice or of toil too great to make them acquainted with the ne ws of a Redeemer ?- a cause in which not only enthusiasm may well be excused, but in which,- on the contrary, a want of enthusiasm would be utterly inexcusable. He remembered well when the celebrated Dr. Chalmers first visited Glasgow with a view to stirring up the merchants of that city in behalf of the mis- sionary cause. After hearing one of the Doc- tor's stirring appeals in the Tron Church, a merchant said to one of the ministers of the class referred to before - the moderates - «' What do you think of this newman?" "Oh, I think he has a bee in his bonnet." " Well, Doctor, replied the merchant, " If he has, it is certainly not a drone bee." The Rev. W. B. BOYCE, (General Superin- tendent of Wesleyan Missions in Australasia,) in seconding the resolution, said that Mr. Sal- mon was evidently fresh from Scotland and fresh from the Bible, and he thought his heart must be made up of those two things, Scotland and the Bible. In Mr. Salmon he saw at once a lover of Scotland and a lover of the Bible ; and this no doubt ùt was which made Scotsmen have so much affection for their country, a country where perhaps the Bible was more universally read, and in which it had a greater influence than almost any other, and had produced the most gratifying remits. He thought that if the influence of the Bible, which had been so well introduced, were kept up throughout the meeting, it would prove a very profitable occasion : for his own sake, for the sake of the meeting, and for the sake of his friend, the Rev. Robert Young, he hoped that such would be the case. For the first time in the history of missions, they had among them and witfi them in Sydney a depu- tation from the parent society in their midst ; and he felt something as in the predicament of some fond mothers who, after praising their own children as very paragons of excel- lence, invited visitors for the express pur- pose of showing them off, when some untoward accident generally spoiled the whole affair ; for he had boasted so much of the churches of New South Wales that he almost feared he should be disgraced in the presence of his friends. He had for seven years been talking about himself, but now he would take the liberty of talking about Mr. Young, One excellent quality about Mr. Young was that he had had a missionary training- their friend on the platform, the Rev. Dr. Ross, had also had a missionary training, and see how well he has profited by it, and so had his brethren Chapman and Morris-a missionary training among the heathen, he meant. It was of great impor- tance and of great advantage bringing back from the stations, as such men did, a large amount of missionary influence, to which he attributed ia no inconsiderable degree the amount of missionary feeling which existed in Great Britain. Another trait in Mr. Young was, that, he had i kept up the missionary character in his native country. When a man had been labouring for twenty years or more in Indian or other heathen stations, and on his return was found able to address his fellow-countrymen in their own language, it was highly creditable to him, and he should be highly honoured. It was a proof that the parent society did not send out the worst, but some of the very best meh at their disposal, to the missionary work, and such men on their return could not but appear to very great advantage. He rejoiced that not only in England, but now also in this colony, their friends had an opportunity of seeing and hearing and judging what sort of men the pa- rent society sent out to their work. He did not refer to himself as a returned missionary, in these remarks, but he did put forwaid Mr. Young as a fair specimen. Another reason for his rejoicing was that Mr. Young was a personal friend of his own not that it was any credit to Mr. Young, but he felt it was some credit to himself; and if he had the choice of a deputation from England to these colonies, of all men he knew he should have chosen Robert Young (hear, hear) ; and if he had wished for a min who would either please the ministers or the private members of the churches here, he Bhould have asked for Robert Young. For he looked upon both the ministers and the people here as fair speci- mens of the English Churches -perhaps some- thing better, for they were all raised morally and intellectually, by coming to Australia. (Hear, hear, and a laugh.) Their new posi- tion and untried circumstances seemed to draw out and improve their minds. Under these views and feelings with regard- to Mr. Young, be rejoiced to see him on the platform with them, and he believed he was just the man with whom they would be pleased, while he anticipated that Mr. Young would have no occasion to regrot his visit among them. The Rev. KALPU MANSTIELD briefly sup- ported the motion, which was then put from the chair and unanimously adopted. The Rev. Dr. Ross had been requested to move the following resolution :-" That this meeting, while pledging itself to increased ex-rtions for the support of Christian missions to the Heathen, recognizes the importance and necessity of earnest prayer for the removal of all obstacles to the progress of the Gospel, and for the outpouring of the Holy Spirit on the Church and on the world at large." The sDciety had for its fir^object the securing of the means of convening the heathen world ; but it had also another object, namely, the conversion of nominal Christians to the saving faith of the Gospel-to make them fit f jr the service of the liv ng God. Now these were vast objects ; and they ought to occupy far more space in the minds of men than they did. It might be thought foolish on the part of a few godly men to attempt to convert the population of this city from their sinful ways ; yet such a thing had been un- dertaken, and these men had the highest con- fidence in the accomplishment of their ob- ject. Now the Missionary Society had pre- cisely the same object, but upon a far greater scale. They sought to convert hundreds of millions of heathen men ; and they attempted it notwithstanding the gigantic difficulties which difference of language, of religion, and of government created, and notwithstanding the endless variety of the forms of error which they had to combat with. Now, how was it that they hoped to accomplish this object ? How were they to do it ? The persons who were to accomplish this object were mere men -humble Chriitian men. But in undertaking the work they kept two distinct objects in view. On the one haud they sought to operate upon the heathen ; on the other they sought to operate upon God. On men, they operated by conveying to them the truth which comeB down from Heaven, and was recorded in tho sacred Scriptures. The Society qualified men for the task of preaching the glad tidings of salvation to their benighted fellow-creatures. They translated the Bible-they circulated it they supplied abundantly the immediate means of acquiring the knowledge of the truth. But tbey must also operate upon God ; and, if he might be allowed the expression, they did ope- rate upon Him by prayer. They endeavoured by earnest and continued prayer to bring down power from on high, power from heaven to make the truth which they preached effectual to the saving of men's souls, to bring them undi r the saving and sanctifying influence of the truth as declared in the gloiious gospel of Christ. (Cheers.) Now thiB resolution asked the meeting to pledge themselves to increased exertions in this cause. It asked them to do more than they had yet done ; and to do that in the only way in which they could hope to work upon the human mind and the human heart. Frequently were motions proposed with the same object, and they were always passed as a matter of course, l'hère were speeches delivered too, which might be liked, or might not, but the resolutions were nevertheless always car- ried. But he was anxious to impress upon their minds that they should not pass these re- solution merely as a matter of form. Let them think first ; let them ask themselves, shall I give this pledge ? anl if they were not pre- pared to do it, and to etiok by it, let them not do it at all. (Hear.) The Com- mittee asked them to increase their exertions, but it did not necessarily imply that they had not hitherto been interested, and had not hi . therto contributed what they ought. But if it was a fact that this was the ease, then the Committee was perfectly right in urging them to increasing their exertions ; and, m answer to that appeal, it became their duty to do ao. Perhaps the Committee thought they were better able to contribute now than they were formerly, and therefore they urged them to contribute still more largely, in order to enable the society to send out qualified men as the instruments of the conversion of the heathen. He believed the means of most of his hearers had largely increased of late ; and he who could afford a pound before might well afford two pounds to-day. (Hear, hear.) And if, under the in- fluence of thoughtlessness or selfishness, they neglected to contribute to the best of their power, they would be guilty of injury to the Saviour and injustice to the souls of their fel- low men. Moreover, the Committee might have discovered that the position of affairs in the world was more than ever favourable to exertion, and therefore increased zeal became all the more necessary. For the more success God gave to their efforts, the greater became the obligation to do more and more year by year, to that the work of the missionary might be carried on in a flow of prosperity equal to the greatness of the opportunities of carrying it out. If therefore they felt this, as he had stated, they might safely adopt this pledge to greater exertions ; but unless they did feel so, he would not have them do it, for he had no idea of Christian men pledging themselves to do a thing wh'ch they intended to leave un- done. (Hear, hear.) Now, the best way of carrying out that pledge was to increase their subscriptions. This was the practical way of redeeming such a pledge and he hoped they quite understood that. (Laughter and cheers.) But whilst there could be no conversion of the heathen without sending to them the word of God, and getting it expounded by the lips of living men, yet even when this was accomplished, if every tribe and family of man was in pos- session of that word, and if mission- aries were abroad in every land and every sea, still there could be no success unless they brought down power frotn on high, and it waa only by fervent prayer that this power could be obtained, where- by the wilderness should rejoice and the solitary places be made glad. They could not expect the divine blcesing unless the divine influence came upon them, and this could only be secured by prayer. God was independent indeed of prayer ; He might do as He pleased ; but in the sacred volume He had given them no reason to expect that He would pour down His blessing upon them unless they prayed. Therefore it was that they were asked to recognise the necessity of earnest prayer. He need not dwell upon this subject long, but he wished for one moment to call their attention to the intimate connexion which existed between prayer and exertion. (Hear, hear.) Some people thought it an easy matter to pray ; and others confined themselves simply to prayer ; but without exertion prayer was ineffectual ; and there was no promise in the Scriptures at- tached to prayer alone. The principle was not recognised in the Gospel of Jesus Christ. Now the spirit of God operated upon the voluntary emotions of the souls of men, through His truth, and through that means only. But in Japan, for instance, the truth did not exist- , was unknown-how then could God opérât*' upon the souls of the Japanese ? He would not do it by a miracle; and it had never been" heard that any nation had been converted without the B.ble. The truth was not S and it was useless to pray God to do what H« never promised to do. A man ploughed hil held, and sowed his seed, and then asked God for a good harvest, which he might then rea srmably expect; but suppose he left a po'tioa of lus field unplougbed and unsown and prayed for a good harvest; then also was he likely to get jj"j (Laughter and cheers.) Prayer was indeed necessary ; but exertion must run parallel v ith it. Thus, all may be employed ia for warding the great work ; but all could not bring down power from heaven. This was the peculiar province of those spiritual men whoso constant importunities were bt-fore the throne1* of grace. But let them do what they could* let them give their money. Let the nominal Christian contribute his means, and the spiritual man would bring down the power This was Christ's own work. Christ wai deeply interested in ita success. He had laid down certaih principles in carrying out that work whioh he would not depart from ; and one of theso was that every redeemed sonl must be a fellow worker with Him in that great cause for which he had shed his precious blood, (Cheers.) 8ome of them doubtless had a little boy or little girl in heaven ; and though they might grieve at their loss, had not Jesus saved them from the troubles and expenses those children would impose upon them, by taking them at once and associating them with the angels ; and were they not deeply indebted to Him for this ? Again, the hope of ag'onou8 immortality had saved them from all the expenses attending on unholy pleasures, and unprofitable pursuits. Let them take, therefore, all these savings, and pour them iuto the treasury of the Lord, sajing, "Take these, blessed Saviour, and employ me to the uttermost of my means and powers in the work of advancing Thy King, dom."-(Cheers.) The Rev. ROBEIIT YOUNO seconded themotion, He said the object of missionary enterprise, which they had this evening met to forward, was nothing short of the conversion of the whole world. They could think of nothing greater, nor could they aim at anything less; and for the accomplishment of this object the word of God, as had been well said by the pre- vious speaker, was absolutely necessary ; not a single soul could ba converted without the word of God in some form ; men were not bom again, but by the Word of God they were not sanctified but by HU truth : they were not made clean, but by the words of Christ ; for faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the Word of God -and where there is no vision the people perish. (Cheers.) This consideration placed the Christian under very great responsibility in view of a perishing world. To meet the cass, the British and Foreign Bible Society had done a great deal by the circulation of the holy scriptures ; but their exertions vrete not sufficient. They indeed placed in the hands of men the words of eternal life, but the missionary was re- quired to make them understand that word, and to preach Jesus to their souls. The Bible Society sent forth a stream of divine truth, which flowed in a wide and ever-expanding river through the world ; but the missionary was required to stand upon both banks, like the fisherman, but, unlike him, to catch not fish but the souls of men. The Bible Society launched the life-boat on the dark and stormy ocean of humanity ; but it was the missionary who manned the boat, risking his life to save the souls of his fellow-men from eternal death, and thus hiding a multitude of sins. Divine truth must be presented to men by living men, and therefore missionaries must be sent forth into the dark places of the earth. (Cheers.) What Dr, KOSB had said was true-that they must ope- rate not only on men, but also upon God. The truth was the instrument of salva- tion, but it must be accompanied by the influence of the Holy Ghost, which influence God would only shed upon them in answer to fervent prayer. Preaching might be likened to the depositing of seed ia the ground, but prayer caused the heavens to drop from above, and the skies to pour down righteousness, so that the seed germinated, and produced first the blade and then the ear, and then full corn in the ear. The preaching of the Gospel laid a pjwerful train around the human heart, and the strongholds of idolatry : but prayev brought fire down from Heaven and the hearts of stone were broken in piecer. and the mountains fell down at the presence of the Lord. The Gospel was as the Voice calling upon the dry bones to arise ; but prayer caused the sp rit to breathe upon the slain and the whole valley to heave with life, and thus armies were raised unto the Lord of hosts, (Cheers.) He trusted they would bear the remarks of Dr. Ross well in their minds. There were many things in the present state of the world highly favourable to missionary exertion. During the last fifty years a very favourable change had taken place, which was chiefly owing to the noble efforts of the Mis- sionary Society, which had created a spirit of en- quiry, and hythe circulation of the Bible a highway was prepared in the desert for our God. The two greatest Christian powers were themselves awakening to the unsatisfactory stato their people were in ; and the heathen in many lands were becoming disgusted with their errors and idolatries. Thus the fields were already white unto harvest, and the voice had come from the excellent glory, say- ing " put in the sickle and reap for the harvest is ripe." (Cheers.) The present standing and influence of the British nation in the world was highly favourable to missionary exertion. He felt confident he spoke the truth when he said that the influence of Great Britain was paramount in the earth. Her possessions were extensively scattered-millions of heathen people had been brought under her salutary sceptre-heioflag was seen and honored in every «one-her language was spoken in every quarter of the globe-her manufactures were known in every market; in Europe, in Asia, in Africa, in America, ia Australia, and in the islands of the ocean her 6ons were to be found-she had opened the way of access to all tribes of men, and under the influence and patronage of her glorious standard the glad tidings of salvation were carried to every nation and family under the sun. (Cheers.) Great Britain was taking a leading part in building up the walls of Zion. This it was that marked her out OB the queen among the nations of the world-this likened her to the Angel in the Apocalypse, for she had the everlasting Gospel ia her hand, to preach to them that dwell in the earth, and to every nation and kindred and tongue and people. This was her high vocation, her dignified mis- sion. More than by her noble institutions, -more than by her valiant army,-more than by her unconquered navy, - more than by her achievements in science, in literature, in arts, or in arms, was she distinguished by this j and this it was which gave her such influence and power in the world. (Cheers.) Britain is heaven's al- moner ; she dispenses the gifts of God to the poor ; she sounds the trumpet of the Lord in her camps, and proclaims his wiil to the world. Therefore the Lion of die tribe of Judah appears in her de- fence, and no wonder that the nations gave place to her, Pnd that she was first among th« peoples of the earth. (Cheers.) And though there were differences between her churches, though there was distinction in their uniforms -though they each ate their own cheeses (laughter), yet they all served under the same Captain, wielded the same arms, fought in the same cause, and laboured in the same design ; and when the enemy fled before any one division of the army, and was scattered, in the crash of battle and the clang of arms the badges of the troops were little regarded, for it mattered not what division that was ; whether it was the Episcopalian, or the Wesleyan, or the Mora- vian, or the Independent, or any other uni- form ! They all ascribed the glory to God, and hastened to crown Him. the Lord of all. (Cheering.) Now, he had been announced to them as one who had been a missionary for many years ; he should therefore refer to a few of the circumstances ot his career, which no doubt would be heard with interest. He had been engaged for ten years in promoting the cause of Christ, yi these he had spent six in the island of Jamaica od the other four in Nova Scotia. Now, in DO field of missionary enterprise had the mis- sionary been more strongly opposed than in Jamaica ; and yet in none, with the acception of some of the islands in the South Seas, had their exertions been crowned .with a larger measure of success. _ When Dr. Home, the first missionary, arrived in Jamaica, he met with great opposition from the planters, who strongly objected to the GoBpel being preached to their negroes. And he had himself had many difficulties to contend with. During his residence in the island, he had not, indeed, had the honour of being put in prison for Christ's sake, but he had often been taken before Courts and magistrates, and had often to plead his own cause before hosts of lawyers. (Laughter.) The principal 4ause of opposition on the part of the planters ytof, that Uley were afraid that the exertions of the missionary must end in the removal of ?lavery. They knew very well indeed that \he missionary did not interfere directly with the civil condition of those whom they sought to teach, but they also felt that the gospel would meit or break the fetters in which they held their fellow-man. And they were not mistaken. The gospel has triumphed-the negro is free ! (Loud cheering.) They had no objection to certain ports of the gospel being preached to the negroes, but they thought that in its purity gnd entirety it was not adapted to the state of society existing in the island. (Cheers and laughter.) He was waited on one day by one of the wealthiest of these planters, w ho re- quested him to come to his plantation and teach his negroes morality Bnd industry. Ac- cordingly h« went, and was received by the planter with the greatest kindness and civility, but at the same time was very urgent that he (Mr. Young) should Mention the circumstance ia his reports to England ; " for," said the planter, "one good turn deserves another; and, as I have allowed you no como and preach here, the least you can do is to speak well of me at hosie ; and if you do I shall probably get the attor- ney ship of certain properties in my neighbour- hood." (Laughter.) At four o'clock the shell was blown, for the negroes who came flock- ing in, were quite astonished at the unusually early summons, and wondering wha.. could be the matter at the big house. The planter told them that he had sent for a gentleman to preach to them, and admonished them to be wy attentive, to keep their ears well open, and not to lose a single syllable of what the gentleman said. Moreover, he spoke to them yery highly in my praise, and gave me an ex- cellent character, you see, before he had heard me. I had indeed some misgivings as to the result, and felt pretty sure he would change his opinion before I had done, and T. was not mis- taken. Well, I took my stand in the spacious hall, and opened the proceedings with prayer, and the planter responded as loudly and lustily as any of our Cornish Methodists, (laughter,) evidently wishing to teach his negroes how to pray. (Renewed laughter.) But it so hap- pened that I chose for my subject the wicked- ness of Sabbath-breaking and of another great gin; of both of which the planter was no- toriously guilty. Well, he could not beor it ; he could hardly sit upon his chair ; he growled, and shook his bead, trying to indicate to me that I was travelling quite out of the record ; but I knew very well what I was about, and having pos- session, I determined to keep it. (Cheers and laughter.) When I had done, however, the planter sprang up and cried " I don't believe that, now ;" and turning to the negroes, " I brought this man to teach you morality and industry-to tell you not to steal or be lazy, and instead of that he has been walking into me." Then he went on and told them that the Sabbath was an institution established hundreds of years before the West India Islands were ever heard of, and was by no means applicable to the present circumstances ; and as to the other sin, there was a good old Chris- tian gentleman named Father Abraham, who was guilty of the very same thing, (laughter)-and muoh more to the same pur- port. I arose and replied, going much more deeply into the subject, for I was determined not to compromise principle even in the hall of a great WeBt India planter,-and then he loee and replied, and I rose and re- plied, and he rose and replied, and I again rose and replied, and so We kept up the discussion for three or four hours, to the no small amusement of poor quashy, who cried out " Ah massa parson, he be too much man for massa Busher." (Laughter.) But hear the sequel. This same proud.and wicked planter after warda came and lound me at the mission-house. He was peni- tent, contrite, and broken-hearted ; he said he was in a state bordering upon desperation ; but before he committed any rash act he had come down to ask me whether I thought the Lord would have mercy upon such a sinner as himself. I said Yes ; you are the very person whom Christ came to seek and to save; come into my study. And he came in, and we prayed ; and I exhorted him, and I believe he was then enabled to lay hold upon Gospel hope. (Cheers ) He was subsequently called to the work of the ministry, and a l->ng time afterwards I found him working faithfully in the Lord's vineyard ; thus affording another proof that great is the truth, and that it must prevail. (Cheers.) Notwithstanding the op- position offered to the progress of the Gospel in the West Indies, the Lord had affixed his seal there, and the Gospel had flourished among the poor and oppressed. It was said, indeed, that the West Indies were only proselytised, and that the grace of God was not there. Now he knew and had conversed with thousands of these poor souls. He had seen them under cruel masters and under kind ones, and had observed them for many years ; and he was prepared to assort that many of those poor negroes would now be an ornament to any Christian Church. (Cheers,) Their periodical meetings, ealled love feasts, were always inte- resting assemblies. Sometimes as many as 2000 persons were congregated, and it was cu- rious to observe the numbers who rose to their feet, anxious to tell of their experiences. He would give them a specimen of their way of expressing their feelings. At one of those meetings an old negro, after he had preached, ?aid to him, " Massa, you one good flint, Bible good steel, and my heart one good tinder box." Upon being asked what he meant, he said, " What ! you not know, Massa ! When yon in pulpit you strike Bible like flint strike steel, and the sparks fly one way and anoder way, and.one fly in my heart, which like tinder box, and set me all in one blaze, massa." (Cheers.) Another, a negreas, said, " Massa dat be one bad debil, he tell me I one bond slave ; but me get my . manumission paper, and tell him to look at dat, and him wjlk off d'rectly massa, and leave me alone." This was still more obscure ; hut wh n asked what she meant, she looked at me, as if to say " Art thou a teacher in Israel and knowest not these things ?" and then she explained that her manumission paper was the Spirit of God, bearing witness with her spirit that she was indeed freed, and a child of God." May we, my Christian friends, ever feel that we have our manumission paper, when the enemy of our souls would persuade US that we are his bondunen. (Cheers.) He had thus endeavoured to show what were the feelings of those Christian negroes, and their modes of expressing them. At one time he had seen a negreas get upon her feet a dozen times to speak. Her countenance was black, but it was comely and radiant with divine love ; but she could get no opportunity of speaking. When the meeting was over, he went up to her, ob- serving that big tears glistened in her eyes, but she said, .* nebber mind, massa, nebber i mind; me want to tell how me thank the Lord for his goodness, but me no opportunity ; nebber mind-when we get up there (pointing to heaven), massa, Jesus nebber hear the last of it, massa, nebber !" Thus showing her con viotion that eternity would not suffice for her to utter all the praise with which her heart wa» overflowing. (Loud cheers.) He was ' afraid he had already detained them too long. (Cries of go on ! go on !) Well, he would go on, and indeed the difficulty was to him to go oft (Cheers.) The people of the island were exceedingly liberal in the cause of God-freely had they received, and freely they gave. He bad had the honour to preach at the first missionary meeting that was held. They hesi- tated- sometime before they ventured on holding an open meeting, for they were jealously watched, and feared every day that their chapels would be closed ; but at length they beoarao provoked to carry on the good work boldly, and having hold one meeting which was highly gratifying, they felt they could not rest for two or three months, or even two or three days-they felt they were committed to the cause, and must go on, and so they went to another station, and then on to another. Hitherto they had not ventured to hold their meetings in the regular way-they did not dare hive a chairman, or a p'atfortn, or resolutions ; but now they resolved to have all these according to the most approved method of carrying on meetings at home. They had, however, no roof to their chapel, but that proved rather a convenience than otherwise, for hundreds of those who could not get in climbed up the walls, and wedged their black faces in every interstice, and round the whole building, so that they might almost be said to have had a covering of human countenances. (Loud cheers ) It was an interesting and a thrilling sight; and no won- der that it had suah an effect as it did upon a son of the Emerald Isle, who, bounding upon the platform, cried out, " Wr>y. sir, the chapel lis chock full within and without ! " (Loud i laughter and cheers.) It was indeed a stirring scene : it was enough to make the dumb speak, and the lame to leap for joy. Indeed, he believed, for once in his lite, he became eloquent himself (cheers) ; and when he told them what was doing in England and else- where for their deliverance, and how men, women, andchildren, were exerting themselves to collect subscriptions for them, the effect was overpowering ; tears and sighs burst from every eye and from every heart, and there were hallelujahs here and hallelujahs there, and it seemed as if heaven and earth had come together, and were joining in shouting Hallelujah ; for the Lord God omnipotent reigneth! (Great cheering.) And no hand was raised to molest them - they were not dragged to prison ; because the Lord was with them. and blessed their cause. No less than £1400 wns raised in consequence of that meeting. These were but specimens of what he could have brought under their notice ; but in every part of the world, in a greater or less degree, the same eflects were produced by the preaching of the Gospel, and it applied as well to the exertions of other denominations as to this. Let them take these first fruits and wave them beforethe Lord ; and let them look forward to the day when the angels themselves would join them in shouting the Lord's harvest-home. " On- ward, onward!" should be theil motto. " Onward !" their watchword. Nothing but " onward" should be the cry issuing from the missionary host, and " onward !" should be echoed by the whole people of God. Give, give ! was the cry, and never could they say enough until every nook of the earth had been explored, and every nation been brought to the knowledge of God. Never would they rest until régénération was accomplished in every heart ; until the heathen had been gathered in to the fold ; until every idol had been overthrown ; until they had gathered unto Shiloh every Jewish wan- derer ; until they had wrested every trophy from the Arab thief; until the uttermost ends of the earth had become the inheritance of the people of God. How benevolent, how great, how ennobling was the design ! But was the object not a visionary one ? might be asked. No ! Thanks be to God there were still Calebs and Joshuas among them to lead the hosts ot the Lord into the promised land, and though the difficulties were great, they should be overcome: though they had giants to combat with, they should be over- thrown ; though the walls of the fortress wero high and strong, yet they should tremble at the sound of the trump, and fall down before the breath of the Lord. (Loud cheers). He trusted, and he believed, that Australia would distinguish herself highly in this work, and that some day the Australian Conference would meet with the old Conference of our native land, and wave the palm of victory together, shouting " the kingdoms of this world have become the kingdom of our God, and of his Christ. (Great cheers). He had but one word more to say. They were aware that a collection was now to be made. Before the plate was sent round, however, he would tell them one more anecdote. Some years ugo, when the commercial world in England was shaken by great disasters, when men of wealth and influence were falling by scores, and the whole country seemed to be involved in one great ruin, he 'met one man, who appeared to be utterly unconcerned, and whose affairs were exempted from the general confusion and panic which prevailed. He asked that man how it was that he managed to preserve his property. He replied, .« Sir, I take care to salt it well." "Salt it well?" " Yes, Sir ; I give largely to the Lord, and then I know nothing can touch my property." (Hear, hear.) He would commend this answer to their attention. If they wished to preserve their property let them salt it well. (Cheers and laughter.) He was now in the golden regions, from which such maddening accounts had reached home, and of course he had high expectations of what people could do in the way of contributions in a golden land ; but the same principle applied with still more foree ; and he would again repeat, if you wish to keep your property, take care to salt it well. The reverend gentleman sat down amid a burst of applause. The Rev. J. EOOLBSTON said that, previous to the collection being made, he would refer to two or thtee communications which he had re- ceived from friends and well-wieherB to the cause of missionary enterprise and labour, and whose donations amounted to £25. These friends did not desire that their names should be published.. Ono who subscribed himself A Victorian adverted to his success in the gold fields of the sister eolony, and dwelt upon the duty of all right- thinking persons to aid by their purseB good causes such as this. (Loud cheers.) The Rev. Mr. Monuis then moved the fol- lowing resolution :-" That the thanks of this meeting be presented to the Committee and Collectors for their services during the past year ; and that the following persons constitute the Committee for the present year, viz., Treasurer, the Superintendent of the Circuit ; Secretary. Mr. John Ducker; Committee - Messrs. Piper, Killett, Calawell, G. W. Allen, J. Jones, Callaghan, Love, Spier, Dawson, O'Neil, Luder, J. Tebbutt, Hebblewhite, and Carter. The Rev. J.EGOLESTON seconded thejesolu tion, which was carried nem. con. On the motion of the Rev. Mr. BOYCE, tho ohair waB vacated by Alderman ALLBK, to whom a vote of thanks, moved by the Rev. Mr. TTJCKFIILD, and seconded by the Rev. Mr. CHAPMAN, was tendered amidst the warm- est applause. Alderman ALLEN, in acknowledging the kindness and cordiality with which this vote of thanks had been conveyed to him, said that he must also express the great pleasure which he (and he was assured all present) had listened to the able and truly eloquent addresses which had been delivered on that highly interesting occa- sion. (Loud cheers.) . The Rev. Mr. BOYCE begged to remind the congregation that on Wednesday evening a second meeting would be held at the Prince street chapel, when their excellent friend, the Rev. R. Young, would again address them. (Cheers.) The collection at the meeting; amounted to £69 4s. 6d., besides a donation from Mr. Shepherd of £5, and another of £25 from Mr. Vickery. SUSPICIOUS.-About midday of Monday, Mr. Beaver, clerk of St. James's Church, and residing in apartments under the build- ing, discovered an old woman named Monks in the act of coming out of his sleeping room ; she Baid she went for the purpose of selling eggs and poultry. Mr. Beaver, how- ever, suspected her intentions and gave her nto custody. She was brought before the Bench yesterday, and remanded until this miorning. _. _ " __ LIOENSBI» SuitvEYon.-His Excellency the Governor General has directed it to be notified respecting licensed surveyors, that Charles Sheppard Whitaker, Esq., has been appointed to act as a Licensed Surveyor. 