A BUBBLE COMPANY. THE latest advices from England brought intelligence that the shares of the Australian Agricultural Company had risen in the course of a few days, from a nominal value of SIGH to an actual market value of £300. This extraordinary rise was the effect of a report, industriously circulated on 'Change, that the possessions of the Company had turned out to be one vast gold-field. Upon the strength of this statement, some clever speculators contrived to " bull " the market successfully and doubtless pocketed very handsome profits by the scheme. Some of our readers are probably acquainted with a delightful village in New South Wales, called Stroud, thoroughly English in its appearance, and situated about midway between the Hunter | and Manning river?. That agreeable spot is the head-quarters of the Company in question, which possesses a vast extent of agricultural and pastoral land in the locality, besides three hundred thousand acres on the Peel River. The Company got a grant of the greater part of its possessions from the Government, under the condition of bringing it into cultivation. It set about doing so with great conscientiousness and actually succeeded to a very creditable extent. But, somehow, the thing' would not pay. The shares declined in value. The expenses of carrying on the operations swallowed up all the proceeds The scheme, as far as the shareholders were concerned, turned out a dead failure. Nevertheless.;, the aspect of the place in thriving enough. It would be difficult to find in Australia a parallel to the village of Stroud, with its tasteful cottages, trim gardens, neat church, club stantial stores, and general air of comfort. A casual traveller is struck with pleasant surprise when he first lights upon that refreshing oasis in the desert and he finds' it difficult to believe that the Company in a "bad spec'' in spite of its prosperous looking settlement. But a little explanation , soon solves the mystery. The officials on the spot took most especial sure that. (If j), Company should not enjoy their valuable services for nothing ; so they wisely followed the example of the Steward in the parable, and looked closely to the interests of "Number One" in the first instance, Not that there was any actual malversation carried on but simply that it was felt to be only fair that those who were about to make many shareholders comfortable should make themselves comfortable first. So the income of the Company was carefully collected by the Superintendents, and a rigidly correct balance-sheet duly handed : the only disagreeable circumstance being, that the expenses of superintendence so nearly equalled the gross revenue, that the annual dividend never rose above one per cent., and frequently fell below even that amount. As an investment, therefore, the shares have been for many was a drug in the money market; but the gold discoveries have opened up a prospect to the Company, quite as dazzling as Sinbad'.-; Valley of Diamonds and the lucky shareholders who, a little while ago, could not sell out at 40 per cent discount, can now readily obtain 200 per cent, premium. The magical talisman of the clever stockbroker can transform serious loss into splendid profit, and impart a value above that of solid gold to a worthless scrap of paper. The stock-broker, after all, is the true modern Aladdin and he still retains possession of the miracle-working Lamp. Our Sydney contemporaries are very earnest in their denunciation of this stock- jobbing scheme, paid fully expose the falsehood of the reports upon which was based. The concoctors of it did not scruple to assert that the gold- fields of Australia extend over a space of sixty thousand square miles; and that, in particular, the property of the Australian Agricultural Company on the Peel river was so rich a mine throughout, that merely granting licenses to dig would insure a vast income. The statements thus nakedly put forward, are so grossly exaggerated that they become positive falsehoods. The very essence of falsehood lies in such unqualified asser- tions; for, as a philosophic writer well observes, "lies are the ghosts of truths the masks of faces." The immediate effect of the scheme has been to sink the Company from a bona-fide concern (which it was, although not hitherto a profitable one,) into a bubble speculation. The effects will no doubt be disastrous enough in certain cases. Credulous people, eager for profit, will find themselves over-reached at length. They will discover that their shares are of far less value than they now imagine; and they must pay the penalty of their gullibility. But for our own part, we sympathise as little with the man who loses his money in Capel Court, as we do with the man who loses on the race-course; and we no more feel bound to warn the one than the other. If men will speculate, they must be content to lose sometimes. We have cited this case, however, as an excellent illustration of the remarks we have made lately on the difference between speculation and enterprise. The buyers of the Australian Agricultural Company's shares at the enhanced price, imagine that they are embarking in a splendid enterprise; they will find it is after all but a bubble speculation and the knowledge of this fact will come together in the shape of a serious and irretrievable loss of money. 