ENGLISH EXTRACTS. CIUDAD RODRIGO.—It will be recollected that, at Ciudad Rodrigo, Lieutenant W. Mackie led the Forlorn Hope, at the " great breach," and Lieutenant John Gurwood that at the " little breach." After the capture of the fortress, Lord Wellington presented the French Commandant's sword to Lieutenant Gurwood, and chose him as his esquire when knighted by Marshal Beresford as Knight of the Bath : for the victor at Ciudad Rodrigo had been, while in India, only named for that eminent military order. Some sixteen years since, the writer of the present notice was on terms of intimacy and confidence with Colonel Gurwood, and also knew personally Major Mackie ; and while the latter spoke of the former as " a lucky fel- low, who was taken by the right hand by the right sort," Colonel Gurwood always remarked that " a braver fellow never breathed than Major Mackie ; but that he had not been fairly used by the Horse Guards' people." Colonel Gurwood was much annoyed, on the appear- ance of Maxwell's " Life of Wellington," to find himself severely handled on the matter of the 'forlorn hope' and the sword. On my speaking to him, and naming other notices on the same subject, he was much vexed, and re- marked that they would drive him mad about it. On my remarking to him, " Why do you not lay the matter before the Duke, and get him to interfere, and settle the point in dis- pute ?" he replied, "When the work first ap- peared, I waited on the Duke, and pointed out the obnoxious passage, and begged his Grace's permission to reply to teh falsehood ; but re- ceived a positive refusal, in terms anything but courteous :—" Don't make a — fool of your- self. You won the sword ; I gave it to you ; and you've got it—keep it, and let them write and be—. Have nothing to do with those writing fellows, for if once you begin con- troversy, you'll always have your fingers m an inkstand. Curse them ! Take no notice of them." This (said the Colonel) closed my lips, and tied up my hands." I then adverted to Napier's history, in which Gurwood is censured for going " too far to the left." On this, the Colonel said, "It's very well for Colonel Napier to find fault ; but, really I had good reasons for what I did. Had I led the 'forlorn hope ' to the spot pointed out in the directions, not a soul would have escaped. I therefore took my men to another spot, and getting into a wet ditch with ice in it, and crawling on our hands and knees, we got out of the range of the shot, and so reached the breach. At the foot, we assembled ; and I was about the fourth up the crumbling walls. When near the top, I found a French officer (with one foot on the wall and one on a gun turned round longwise) loudly shouting ' Vive la France ! Vive l'Empereur !' and, thinking he would be better out of the way, I threw my sword well down for a strong up-cut at him. At that moment a musket was fired so close to me that I thought my head was blown off ; as it was, I was blown down in the opening. I was stunned for two or three minutes, when one of my men asked me if I were wounded, and bound a cotton handkerchief tightly round my head. I shook myself, and found I was not much hurt. But the discharge left its mark (and, pushing up the hair on the left side of his forehead, there remained the marks of many small blue grains of gunpowder). After we had passed through the breach, and got some little way into the town, we came to a large stone building, outside of which a French soldier was inquiring if there was any English officer who could speak French? I replied, I could ; and he then led me (some of our men following) down a long stone passage to a large room, in which the governor of the town (General Barrié) and some of his staff were. On entering, the butt- end of a musket would have levelled me to the ground but it was stopped by one of my companions. When order was obtained the General said, as the town was won, he at once surrendered ; and I asked him to give up his sword, as a proof of his intentions. He gave it up immediately, and I asked him to take my arm, which he did, and we left the building, followed by some of our soldiers. On gaining the street the first officer I encountered was General Picton, whom I addressed, and asked where I could meet his Excellency the Commander-in-Chief ? He said, " I am Gene- ral Picton, can't I do ?" I said " No, Gene- ral, I must see his Excellency." He then di- rected me to where he had seen him a few minutes previously, near the ramparts. We went forward to the walls, and there I found Lord Wellington with his staff. I introduced the French commander, and gave the sword into his lordship's hands." He merely re- marked, " Very well, that'll do. Who are you— what name ?" I replied " Lieutenant John Gur- wood, 2nd Battalion of the 52nd ;" and he then said, " Oh ! I shan't forget—you can go to your regiment." And I then joined my battalion. A few days after the town was taken, a review took place on the glacis, and, after some time, my name was called ; and, on arriving where Lord Wellington stood, his Ex- cellency presented me with the sword, and said it fairly belonged to me, as I had led on of the first forlorn hopes he had directed in the war, and taken the commandant myself. I afterwards had a little notice in French and English engraved on the hilt to this effect— ' This, the sword of General Barrié, command- ant of Ciudad Rodrigo, was presented on the glacis of that fortress, by General the Earl Wellington, K.C.B., to Lieutenant John Gur- wood, January, 1812.' And now you know as that I can tell you of the history of the storm- ing, and my claim to the sword of General Barrié.—Stocqueler's Wellington. Bush Cookery.--Here I was first inituted into the bush art of " sticker up" cooiirr' and for the benefit of all who go " a-gipsyiig' I will expound the mystery. The orthod« material here is of courue kangaroo, a pieced which is divided nicely into cutlets, two a three inches broad, and a third of an i«i thick. The next requisite is a straight clot stick, about four feet long, sharpened at bot ends. On the narrow part of this, for th space of a foot or more, the cutlets are epitte at intervals, and on the end is placed a pie«o delicately rosy fat bacon. The strong end; the stick-spit is now stuck fast and erect i the ground, close by the fire, to leeward; ni being taken that it does not burn. Thent) bacon on the summit of tho spit, speedî, softening in the genial blaze, drops a lut» eating shower of rich and savoury tears on t leaner kangaroo cutlets below, which forthwi frizzle and steam and sputter with as mu ado as if they were illustrious Christmas b grilling in some London chop-house under t gratified nose of the expectant consumí " And, gentlemen," as dear old Hardcast would have said, if he had dined with us the bush, " to men that ore hungry, stuck-i kangaroo and bacon are very good eating Kangaroo is, in fact, very like hare.-AÍ/ Meredith's Home in Tasmania. Oxford Puns.-Dr. Barton, warden I Merton College, was the oddity of his tun Of the puns belonging to Dr. Barton, we W heve the following is little known A« Jj was a man of remarkable insensibiluj, peow told htm everything that happened A gentfc man coming one day into his room, told ha, that Dr. Vowel was dead. ' What!' sud r ' Vowel dead ? thank God it is neither u non Dr. Everleigh, who with his family was sot years ago at Weymouth, gave occasion to o Lee, the last punster of the old school, ind ti master of Bahol College, Oxford, for more the half a century, to make his dying pun. D. Eveleigh had recovered fiom lorne coiuunp live disorders by the UBe of egg-diet, and 1« soon after married Wetheral, the master ti University College, went to Dr. Lee, then si« m bed, resolved to discharge a pun which k had made. « Well, sir,' said he, ' Dr. Evelei# has been egged on to matrimony.' 'Has«. said Lee ; « why, then, I hope the yoke w11 sit easy.' In a few hours afterwardB Dr L« died. The yoke did sit easy on Dr Eveleigh for he had a most amiable wife - Ozf Chronicle Walking is good.- Walking is good, w stepping from shop to shop, or from neighboi to neighbour, but stretching out far into ti country to the freshest fields, and highe ridges, and quietest lanes. However sulle the imagination may have been among « griefs at home, here it cheers up and emu« However listless the limbs may have be« when sustaining a too heavy heart, here tni are braced, and the lagging gait becom buoyant again. The mere breathing of V cool wind on the face in the commonest thigi way is rest and comfort, which must be tel at such times to be believed. It is disbelieve in the shortest interva's between its season o enjoyment ; and every time the sufferer W resolution to go forth to meet it, it P^'fH, to the very heart in glad surprise. Thes neioi are better still, for thero is the lark to nU sp the hours with mirthful music, or at worst.vu robin and the flocks of field-fares, to showtne the hardest day has its life and hilanty. J» the calmest region is the upland, where burna life is spread out beneath the bodily eye where the eye moves from the peasants nes to the spiry town, from the schoolhouse to u churchyard, from the diminished team the patch of fallow, or the fisherman s bo«» the cove, to the viaduct that spans thei vaiiej or the fleet that gHdes, ghost-like, on the ton zon.-Miss Marttneau._ ' [For remainder of News, see Suppkmen 