HOPS. (From Household Words.) Loitering upon the old stone bridge over the Medway, in the town of Maidstone, early in a misty autumn morning, I miss the ancient church and row of poplars, which I know should be somewhere upon the left. It is of no use looking. They will not come out of their white shroud until noon ; and if then, perhaps, only to enfold themselves in it again an hour or two after. The water flows on, smooth and noiseless, till it splits upon the sharp wedges of the piers, and runs away whis- pering under the arches ; but beyond this, not a ghost of a noise is abroad. All Maidstone is asleep, except a railway porter, a man driving a cow who went over the bridge a minute or two ago, and myself. There may be somebody up at the baths behind me ; I cannot see. But the old, bruised, and battered coal-barge, moored alongside the wharf, in which I believe live a man and his wife, seems to have nobody aboard-for no smoke ascends from the stove- pipe at the helm. Slowly creeping down this way-a thin ghost at first, then a dusky spectre, then a green and yellow barge-comes the Sarah Ann, of Aylesford. Down drops the huge tawny mainsail as she steers for the middle arch, just above which I am standing, leaning cross-armed upon the parapet ; and now, with all her wings close folded, she shaves to a nicety the sides of the arch. She is gone; but what is this rich odour she has left behind ? Not spikenard nor olibanum could be more grateful to my nostrils, than the rich, balmy, healthful, bitter smell that floats about me now, and makes this place no common bridge of stone. The Sarah Ann is freighted with Kentish hops ; many a precious pocket of that noble plant lies down in the dlark, beneath a yellow tarpaulin spread over her hatchway. But, like the thoughts of a good man, who suffers imprisonment for the whole world's sake, its subtle essence steals abroad, and lives in the free air. Hops coming into my head in this manner, remind me of the business of to-day ; for though I have the air of a veritable lounger, and though the over-tasked rail way porter, going to his work at this early hour, looked at me enviously, and thought I lead a nice easy life of it, I, too, have a task to accomplish. The railway porter, if he knew anything of signals off the line, might have known that to be astir thus carry does not mean idling. I have a letter in my pocket for Mr. Day, the hop-grower of East Farleigh, charging him, in the sacred name of friendship, to show and make clear to me everything connected with the cultivation and preparation of hops. So, after more loitering on the bridge, and more sauntering in the town, (for I deem it well to let my mind lie fallow a few hours, before receiving that broadcast ol facts with which it is to be sown), I come to the bridge again, and cross the river, winding through the brown and yellow woods up to East Farleigh. There are in all England some fifty or sixty thousand acres of hop plantations; and of those one-half re at least in this county alone. In the oldest book I know about hops (Rey- nolde Scot's " Perfite Plattorme of a Hoppe Garden") dated 1574, and printed in black letter, with many prefaces terminating in in- verted pyramids of type, Kent is spoken of as the county of hops. The system of cultivation appears to have little changed since then ; and the book, if it were not written in the style of an Act of Parliament, and interlarded with moral reflections and allusions to every poet and orator of ancient times, might have been written in the present day. Yet hops, at that date, were but of recent cultivation. For ages, while our ancestors were wont to flavour their nie with ground ivy, and honey, and various bitters, a weed called " hop" had been known about the hedges of England ; but no one thought to cultivate it for brewing until the beginning of the sixteenth century. Some say the cultivated plant came first from Flanders, where it was certainly used before our brewers knew its virtues. The Chinese, of course, are sup- posed to have known all about it ages before that. In France, hop gardens are very ancient. Mention is made of them in some of tho oldest records, though what their hops were used for does not appear. In England it had many enemies to contend with at first. Slanderers said it dried up the body and increased melancholy ; and though the very reverse is the fact, this belief so far prevailed, that we find in the household regulations of Henry the Eighth an order to the brewer not to put any more hop in the beer : and at a much later period, the Common Council of the City of London petitioned Parliament against the use of hops, "in regard that they would spoil the taste of the drink, and endanger the people." There are not five parishes in Kent-large or small-that have so many acres of hops as this little parish of East Farleigh, where I am going. There is no place in all England whose hops will fetch a better price-not excepting Farnham, in Hampshire, whose patch of hop plantation, standing almost alone in the county, has slightly lost its reputation as the queen of hop-gardens, since its limits have been extended into a less favourable soil. At East Farleigh dwelt the Rothschild of hop-growers, whose hop-poles alone were said to be worth seventy thousand pounds ; and there dwell his descendants still, though their grounds are little more than a tithe of his. The luxuriance of hops about here ís a puzzle to theoretical agriculturists. " Though rich mould," says Bannister, " generally pro- duces a larger growth of hops than other soils, there is one exception to this rule, where the growth is frequently eighteen or twenty hundred per acre. This is the neighbour- hood of Maidstone, a kind of slaty ground with an understratum of stone. There the vines run up to the top of the longest poles, and the increase is equal to the most fertile soil of any kind." Hops, in England, invariably grow up poles. In the north of France they are sometimes made to creep upon copper wires, ranged hori- zontally, like the lines of the electric tele- graph ; but Kentish farmers, when they hear of it, shake their heads. These poles stand in groups of three or four, at a distance of about six or seven feet apart ; and nearly three thousand (worth about seventy-five pounds) are required for an acre of ground. In some counties, hops are set between fruit trees in orchids ; and penny wise and pound foolish growers will plant vegetables between the poles ; but Kentish growers know that the hop requires all the strength of the soil, and rigidly exclude everything that could im- poverish it, except in the two first years after planting, when the vines never produce any flowers worth picking. The only plant culti- vated is the female hop ; the male species, sometimes called "blind hop" being of no value ; though it is said that if the male hops were excluded from the garden the flowers throughout the ground would be wanting in that yellow powder called the "farina" or " condition," which is their chief virtue. For this reason, one male hop-plant in every hundred groups is generally planted. Of the hop cultivated there are eight or ten varieties, of which that called " Golding's" is the best ; but this, from its very luxuriance, is subject to diseases which poorer but more hardy kinds will escape. Some of each sort are, therefore, generally planted ; though the spirit of gambling which pervades this branch of farming will induce others to run the risk of growing- only the better kind. After that most succinct of Natural Histories, in which Mr. Mavor shows how the horse, from his mane to his hoofs, is " very useful to man," I may here mention that the young shoots of the hop-plant are eaten as a substitute for asparagus ; and that an infusion of its flowers will dye wool yellow ; and that from the stalks, dressed in the manner of flax, a strong cloth is made in Sweden, so that some Mechi among hop-growers may one day turn the bines which are now wasted into hop-pockets ; and may make the stalks carry the flowers to mar- ket. An enthusiastic writer, who calls it " a very elegant balsamic bitter," declares that it may be employed medicinally in the shape of powders, tinctures, extracts, infusions, decoc- tions, conserves, plain and compound pills, juleps, and apozems ; and that under one or other of these forms, it will infallibly cure hypocondria, cleanse kidneys, restore livers, purify blood, remove spleen, stop colic, kill worms, dispel jaundice, eradicate scurvy, and destroy gout, regular or atonic. If only half of this is true, no one can deny that the hop plant is " very useful to man.' Its flowers, however, are known to be a powerful sopo- rific. A pillow of hops recommended for the late King George the Third, in his illness of 1787, was found to produce sleep when all other means had failed ; a secret which was not known to his ancestor or King Henry the Fourth, when he uttered that beautiful soli- loquy upon sleep which was heard by some good spirit in the lonely sick chamber, who afterwards whispered it to the poet that it might not be lost. Emerging from the woods, just as the mists are creeping away, and the sun is turning from a dull red ball of fire to something like itself again, I see nothing but hops on each side of the river. All up the sides of the valley, their heavy clusters, topping the high poles, peep one over the other, like spectators' heads in the pit of a theatre. And now I spy the stone bridge with its four pointed arches, where water, running down the wooden flooring of an inclined plane, foams and roars all day and all night ; though a little girl at a cottage tells me she cannot hear it at times-losing it by long habit, as you loso the ticking of a clock in a room, by listening to it. And there, a few yards above tho bridge, struggling for a place among the hop grounds, stands the old church of East Farleigh, like three barns with a pointed spire. And here I stop, and leave the river to wind away and hide itself in a perfect forest of hop planta- tions. While my host runs his eye along the lines of my letter, I read in his face that the sacred name of friendship will not have been invoked in vain. He does not think of hinting that Saturday is a busy bay ; but, on the contrary, congratulates me upon having chosen that day, as presenting some features in hop-picking not to be seen on any other. So we walk together through the hop- garden, where the strong bitter odour and the bright yellow of the clusters, tell that they are ripe, till we come to a stubble field, and find the pickers at work upon the borders of the plantation. Men, women, and children, all pick hops. This is why this employment is preferred by those wandering bands who cut hay in the spring and corn in the summer, and in the winter live, or die, no one knows where. But these are by no means the only class that come hop- ping. Labourers, costermongers, factory girls, shirt-makers, fishermen's boys, jolly young watermen, and, they tell me, even clerks out of employment, all throng the Kentish high- ways at this time, attracted by the opportunity of earning a couple of shillings per day ; and still the cry is more, and the farmer, in plenti- ful seasons, is frequently embarrassed for want of hands. Pickers of hops escape their soporific influ- ence. There is no going to sleep with them; though they handle hops, and smell hops, and breathe hops, from dawn till sunset. The man who, with his instrument-which he call a hop-dog, because it is a hook on one side and a knife on the other (I don't know any better reason)-cuts the bine about the roots, and then hooks up pole, bine, and all, and lays it across the pickers' bins, has enough to do to keep ten pickers supplied. A sullen-looking girl-her hair growing low down her fore- head-grumbles at being kept waiting a mo- ment. So does another young woman, who has brought her infant family with her in a covered child's waggon-egged on by a surly murmur from a wild young man, with white hair and eyebrows, who speaks a brogue which is neither Irish, Scotch, Yorkshire, nor West country, and who, being asked, " What coun- tryman are you?" replies with a noise in his throat sounding like " Gurz'n," and then grins; and being asked again, " Where that is?" answers, "Gurz'n," and grins again: after which the questioner gives up all hope of dis- covering what countryman he is. But a merry old woman, with a red face, says something which I did not catch, and everybody laughs, and good humour is restored. Meanwhile the cutter makes a desperate attack upon the poles ; felling them so fast that he has time to pull out a handkerchief and rub the perspiration from his forehead ; and the surly young woman admits that "he is keepin' the pot a-billin :" and now every- body is busy, Down comes a hop-pole, and away goes a swift hand up it, plucking the flowers into a canvas bin upon a wooden frame, carefully avoiding the leaves till it gets near the top of the pole, when with one stroke it rubs off oil that remain, the few little green leaves at top doing no harm. The pole, with the bine stripped of its flowers, is then thrown aside, just as the cutter, who has served eight or nine in the interval, drops another pole across the bin. Each of these bins, I am told, holds fifteen or twenty bushels, which is as much as the fastest hand can pick in a day. The lower parts of the poles-which are rotted by being in the earth- are then cut away, and the poles will be corefully stacked to serve for shorter plants next year. Here are the oast-houses-most of them brick-built and perfectly circular up to a height of fourteen or fifteen feet, whence they terminate in a cone, surmounted by a cowled chimney, peculiarly shaped, to allow the vapour from the hops to escape. To what shall I compare them (for form, though not for size) if not to those curiously clipped holly-trees in the front garden of my friend Lilypaynter at Twickenham, which, he says (being a little eccentric), were meant to represent peacocks. If they had been peacocks, who shall say how he would have clipped their plumage to represent holly-trees? But that has nothing to do with hops. Some of the oast-houses are square--but that slape is old-fashioned - and some are long : for no two farmers agree in any one particular as to the treatment of hops. Even as to furnaces opinions are so di- verse, and are supported by such well-balanced testimony, that I find all kinds of stoves here. Entering at a narrow aperture, and darting past the fire, through a heat that would roast me if I stood still in it, I find myself in a circular chamber about eighteen feet in diameter. In the midst or rather nearer to the aperture, a clear fire of coke and char- coal burns with thin hovering flames, melting into air. Dipping his hand into a barrel, my conductor brings up some rolls of brimstone ; and, casting them on the fire, a bright blue glare lights up the chamber, and the faces of all present. This is found to give a livelier colour to the hops, and is everywhere, except at Farnham, adopted ; colour-although it is said to be not really a sign of strength-being arbitrarily insisted on by the purchaser. He knows you do it with brimstone, but he does not care how you do it, so that the hops look bright. With a slightly disagreeable taste in the throat, I escape into the next oast-house. Here the fire is enclosed in a sort of oven, quite hidden from sight. In another, I find it in a brick stove with apertures for the escape of heat, contrived by omitting a brick here and there. These apertures are called, "horses;" but, like the bine-cutter's "hop dog," the origin of the name is involved in obscurity. Here is a different kind of stove, in which the fire is closely shut up, and the heated air is confined and carried up to the drying-floor by on inverted hollow cone, formed of laths and clay, and lined inside with smooth tiles. Walking out into the open air again, wo mount a ladder to the cooling-room attached to the oast-house. On a circular floor, about fifty-six feet in circumference, formed of strong wire netting and covered with coarse hair cloth, through which the warm air ascends, the hop-flowers lie to a depth of two or three feet. One thousand and fifty pounds' weight of green hops are here drying at once ; but through the little aperture at the top of this sugar-loaf chamber, some eight hundred and fifty pounds of this weight will evaporate into air, so that a day's work of the fastest picker, weighing a hundred pounds when green, will scarcely weigh twenty when dry. The air is only moderately warm ; but the grower, by long experience (for nothing else will make a hop drier), knows without any thermometer that it is exactly the proper heat- considering the weather, the state of the hops, and a dozen other things. The drying never ceases during the time of picking, and is one of the most difficult branches of the preparation. A man must watch them day and night, turning them frequently until the stalks look shrivelled, and burying his arms deep in the hops, he feels them to be dry. This is generally after eight or twelvo hours' drying, after which they are shovelled through the little door on to the adjoining cooling-floor to make room for more. On the cooling-floor, I find a man stitching hop-pockets, whom the method of my narration compelled me to overlook when I passed him just now. He is working on canvas hung over a line, with needles that would not go through any button-hole in the world. These hop-pockets are not so coarse as an unjust proverb would have them. Into these pockets the hops are tightly wedged ; and dusted from head to foot with the yellow powder of the hops-a man's blouse (which used to be blue before hopping began) is continually passing to and fro, wheeling a single pocket at a time upon a long truck, from the steps of the cooling loft to a pair of great scales in an open shed. Here stands the supervisor, the representative of Her Majesty's Board of Inland Revenue. He is a very stout, red-faced man, with a white hat, and a brown velvet shooting jacket, and carries a small bunch of hops in his mouth. He holds a book in his hand full of lines and figures, red and black, and looks very cross ; as one who, by the stern expression of lils features, would warn off all attempts at bribery of any kind. Not so his lean, but equally red-faced assistant. Though, perhaps, not less incorruptible because he twits the farmer with making his fortune out of hops, and calls himself a poor devil, laughing very heartily, as if he liked being a poor devil, and only pretended to envy the money-making hop grower. He generally comes alone, but now and then, as a check upon him, the stout supe- rior drops in unexpectedly, and reweighs what he has booked. One by one the great pockets are rolled into the scale and rolled out again, and laid all in a row like bloated porpoises the handles at the corners being the two short sprawling fins. Then my conductor, to expe- business), bestrides one of the porpoises like a merry merman under the sea, and with a basin of ink in one hand, and a small paint- ing brush in the other, cries out "Num- ber ?" The supervisor refers to his book, and answers "One hundred and fifty," and those three figures are drawn upon the animal's back, a little above the snout. "Weight?" " One, two, twelve." Down goes one hundred weight, two quarters, twelve pounds. Next, in letters four inches long (according to the statute), he adds his own name and parish, and the date, with an indig- nant allusion to an Act intended to be passed last session ; which, abolishing this part of the ceremony, would have robbed Farleigh hops of their glory in the market. Next comes one hundred and fifty-one :- weight, one, two, ten. One hundred and fifty-two ;-weight, one, two, eleven. Finally, the supervisor (checking the figures) takes the brush, and marks a cross upon the seam of the mouth of the sack, to prevent frauds on the Government by afterwards squeezing in more hops. This is called " seal- ing," which being done, he closes his book with the intention of calling in six months' time for a duty of one penny and twelve twen- tieths of a farthing per pound weight. This is called the old duty. The new duty of three farthings and eight-twentieths of a farthing (making up twopence), and the additional duty of five per cent., will not be applied for till long after next year's hops are picked. Not yet, however, is the grower sure of his profit. The hops may remain on his hands for a twelvemonth, when they will be con- sidered as " old hops," and lose much in value. Nor can the abundance of one season find a balance in the deficiency of others. In a year or two, if kept, they will be worthless-as odourless and flavourless as mere chaff. Thus the steadiest of hop-growers - although he may never buy standing crops, selling them and buying them again (like court cards in the game of speculation), on the perilous chance of their improving or deteriorating ; although he may grow hardy and luxuriant kinds ; and although he may determine never to bet a six- pence on the probable amount ot the duty must look upon his business as a species of gambling, rather than as a legitimate branch of husbandry. Woe betide the man who, with too small a capital to carry him over reverses, sets up as a hop-planter ! Not hooping- cough, nor measles, nor all the several ills that infant flesh is heir to, can be compared with the dangers that have threatened this crop from the time when first its tender shoots were guided to the hop-pole, till now, compara- tively safe, the flowers are picked, and dried, and weighed. In the warm nights of early summer, when the bine will grow an inch within an hour, fleas and fireblasts threatened it. When the clusters hung so large and full, that everybody (but the wary) prophesy the duty will reach an enormous figure, Egyptian plagues of green or long-winged flies, coming from no one knows where, might settle on it, and in a single night, turn flower and leaf as black as if they had been half consumed by fire, " Honey-dew," that frothy kind of saliva which a little insect gathers round itself, might fall upon it, and prove no less destructive. Red spiders, otter moths, and the "vermin" which spring from their eggs, might any day sit down, uninvited, to a banquet costing a couple of millions sterling to the Kentish growers alone. Any cold autum night, " when the breath of winter comes from far away," might blight them; and finally, mould might suddenly eat up every vestige of flower while the hops were waiting for the picker ! Ah ! if a tithe of the care and culture that are bestowed upon this tender plant could be devoted to some of those boys, whoso sad want of mending has been recently pointed out in these pages ; if you would take a single boy, as Sterne took his single captive ; as tenderly provide him with a healthy spot : as carefully train his young ideas as the sprout and tendrils of this plant are trained ; as watchfully strive to keep him from all blights and harms-might you not here expect a crop more sure, and not less golden ? Throughout the year wagers are ex- tensively laid in the counties of Kent and Sussex (but particularly in the former) upon the amount of duty annually declared by the Excise, in respect of all the hops gathered throughout the country. Long before anything like data whereon to found a calculation can bo obtained large sums are staked upon the result of the crop. In Canterbury, Rochester, and Maidstone are the Kentish " Tattersall's," which, together with a few of the ancient inns in Southwark (where the hop factors live, and hold their principal market), comprise the head-quarters for hop betting : although this gambling is not confined to the trade, but extends to all classes in the hop districts. Almost every tradesman and boy has his "book," or his chance in some " hop club." On the publication of the duty, many thousands of pounds change hands, and every possible scheme is resorted to throughout the summer to procure the latest intelligence of the condition of the plant in the chief districts, so as to enable the more wary to increase their stakes or "hedge," as the case may be. The system is to give what is called a " scope," the extent of which de- pends upon the time of year. In the winter quarter, the betting man will perhaps give a "scope" of twenty thousand pounds; that is to say, will bet that his adversary will not guess the amount of duty to be declared on the next year's crop within that amount. But as the year advances, and thehop has escaped the dangers that beset its progress, the scope is reduced. Clerks in the accountant's depart- ment of Inland Revenue are much sought after, and the slightest hint greedily devoured as to the gross quantity of hops weighed ; which certein men pretend to know, in much the same way as certain prophets boast of their " office" or " tip" for the Derby. The period between the picking and the declara- tion of duty is usually a full month of excite- ment to the parties wagering ; the duty ia known about the end of October Last year it was issued on the third of November. The present is considered a tolerably fair season, and the amount of the duty is anxiously looked for. We have something else to see. The pickers are wailing to be paid in the hop garden ; for it is Saturday night. Our shadows are strangely angular and gawky as we walk along the stubble field again; the pickers leave off before sunset, to allow time or carrying away the hops by daylight. Their work has to be measured first. The cutter leaves off battling with the rows of poles, and comes to measure with a wicker bushel having a black line round it, outside, about half way up. For any one of these bushels, filled as lightly as possible-never quite up to the top-the picker receives two-pence. When only a few hops remain at the bottom of the bin, he watches most anxiously ; for if the remainder reaches beyond the black line it counts a bushel ; while if it falls short, it counts as nothing. There is a delay at the sullen-looking girl's bin, for she has dropped In too many (Concluded on the sixth page.) (Continued from the third page.) leaves, and must pick them out, one by one. Gutter "wonders she didn't put in bines, pleats and all;" and bids her "look alive." When everything is done the farmer brings his money bag, attended by a boy, who reads the amount to be paid from a book. Most of the hands have been drawing money in the week they don't know how much exactly, nor when ; but the book assists their memories. Nobody can recollect, either, how much he has earned, but contents himself when he is informed by saying, he "thought it was ever so much more," by way of showing that he is on the alert, and not to be cheated easily. The merry old woman takes her money, gaily. Sullen girl grumbles. Eager faces are crowded around the payer. There is a man with a very savage, heavy look, which has been all along fixed intently upon the money bag. " How much you?" " Oh ! you know." Book is referred to, and the savage man pounces upon fifteen shil- lings. " Now, then, is everybody paid ?" There is a tidy, quiet, freckle-faced girl standing a little way off, whom the merry old woman spies, and says to her, " What ! ain't you got no money ? Why didn't you go up ?" The girl says, " I didn't like to ask for it." On this the merry old woman drags her up to the farmer, and she, too, is paid. The pokes are wheeled off, and the cutter drains the great stone beer bottle, and the merry old woman encumbers herself with many bundles and two umbrellas ; and all go talking and laughing across the field, followed by the woman draw- ing her infant family in the covered child's waggon. There is a great stir and a strange noise of voices over East Farleigh to- night. In this little out of the way village of some twenty houses scattered about, and with only one beer shop, 3000 hop pickers (chiefly Irish) are assembled. Hundreds of fires in the open air look from a distance like the encampment of an army. In huts and stables and out-houses ; in abandoned mills ; in crumbling barns and dilapidated oast-houses, whose cracks are in- effectually stuffed with straw and clay ; under pents ; against walls ; in tents and under can- vas awnings, this multitude cook, eat, drink, smoke, and sleep. No wonder that in the ground of the old church, I find a row of grass grown mounds, with an inscription on wood, "In memory of forty-three strangers, who died September, 1849. R. I. P. (Requiescant in pace)." A parishoner tells me they were all Irish hoppers ; and only a portion of those who died of the cholera here in the season of that year. No inhabitant of the parish was at- tacked ; and to the credit of the clergyman it is said, that he turned his house into a tempo- rary hospital, and with his wife attended them night and day. At the bridge, some are washing clothes; women and girls and boys, wild, ragged, un- couth wretches, most of them standing bare- legged in the water, rinsing shirts in sauce- pans, and dabbing them against the smutty edges as fast as they are cleaned ; boiling other clothes in cauldrons ; and hang- ing garments that have more superficies of hole than cotton, upon the hedges. There, too, are hideous old Sycoraxes smoking and crouching over fires this warm day, and shouting unintelligible sounds to fat children, sprawling in the mud upon the shelving bank of the river. Everybody has been paid to-night, and most are off to buy provisions for the week. There is a solitary butcher's shop up the lane, with trees in front, which is besieged. All round it-for it is open on three sides - a hungry mob hustle and push and clamour to bo served; and the butcher, who all the year round has not a whole sheep in his shop, now chops his way out of heaps of meat. Then there is a lonely grocer's-lonely no more-where as great a crowd clamours for bacon, and bread, and beer, and tea, and sugar, in a great gloomy shop lit by two wretched candles. The only beer-shop overflows with disappointed cus- tomers, and the wild howl of Irish singers. Hundreds are encamped at the cross-road. Here is a double row of huts, built expressly for the hoppers, each about ten feet square, with a shelving roof, whete half-a-dozen men, women, and girls sleep together upon straw, and have a fire. There are bread stalls, and stalls of herrings in brine, and stalls of such pastry as I never beheld before. One of the huts is open at one side, and converted into a shop or stall, where you may buy bread, and candles, and such small quantities of tea and sugar, all ready done up in paper, as never were sold at any other time or place. This is the private speculation of Mr. Bleary, who is encouraged by the great hop- growers to sell provisions here at this time : they having a good opinion of his mode of doing business. Mr. Bleary is said to be a man of property and I am introduced to him. He is a very stout Irishman, with a moist eye, and a treble chin lapping over a white cravat, and has a chronic cold in the head; calls himself "Purvey-her in gin'ral to the strangers in Farrerleigh ;" and is neither drunk, nor the worse for liquor, but what Frenchmen in common parlance call " emu." He is very glad to see me, and " how are you ?"-bids me follow him into his hut or shop ; and describes an arbitrary division of its only room into kitchen, parlour, and_bed-room." "The fur- rerniture isn't all come down yet ; but no matter." Mr. Bleary is full of anecdotes, with wrathful" parentheses of "disorderly doins, and shemful robbin of poor creeturs" by his predecessors in the " purveyhership." But, coming forth, and seeing his lines of custom- ers, all sitting at long tables, drinking soup in light ot the moon, the poetry of his whole being overflows : " Look at me, happy children ! All livin' in harrerrnony one with another: all drinkin' soap and bread, and discoorsin' together, like ladies and gentlemen, about politics and the late Juke o' Willinton. Look at me happy children ! You remember how it used to be, Misther Day? How they used to fight like so many wolves, and lie about the ground like a flook o' pigs. Therer's soup for a half- penny a basin ! Taste it. Here I stand in defiance of all docthors. Let 'em all come down to East Farrerleigh and examine it. Oh, the days before I came down here! I remimber 'em well. What shindies! There usen't to be never a sound head, nor a sound winder in all East Farrerleigh parish. And only look at 'em now. Ask 'em thimselves if they don't feel morer like Christians, and a little morer happy-minded." And thus, Mr. Bleary continues till he bids me good night; and then calls me back again, and puzzles me by asking, " What I might guess, now, to be the greatest number o' sack o' potairtoes he ever sold in one night ?" but immediately removes my diffi- culty by mentioning that twenty-six was the number. Good night, Mr. Bleary! My road lies Maidstone'way, beside the river shining in the full moon : and I would, for your sake, I had started an hour earlier. Then should I not have been compelled to tell how wild disorder broke out in that happy family, that night; how sticks and stockings loaded with Mr. Bleary's stones were flourished, and heads and windows broken, just as in the days of old. How drunken hoppers sprawled about as if you had never come to East Farleigh, and had never sold sugar there, nor soup ; and how your mild paternal admonitions were laughed to scorn. 