THE ADELAIDE S MAIL. ' With reference to the inquiry made by Mr. Campbell on Wed nesday, the Postmaster-General has furnished- that gentleman with the following cqpy of a letter whic he forwarded (by the Waratah ) to the Admiralty A sent on board the Adelaide. General Post Office, Sydney, 18th May, 1853. Sib,— I have thg honor to state to yon that the greatest anxiety prevails in this city as to the English mails per Adelaide, and that there is a report now abroad that this vessel is undergoing repair at Melbourne, and. that the 'mails must be detained until these re pairs" are effected. , I am not aware whit are your instructions in such a case of emergency, but have the. authority of the Colonial Secretary to bring, under your notice the anxiety of the Colonial Government in the matter, and their readiness to"pay all' additional expenses in curred in the trans- shipment of. the i mails on board some other steamer, should you feel justified in taking this step. 1 1 have the honour, &c.; Rogers' Benefit. — This highly and deservedly popular actor fakes his Benefit at the Victoria Theatre on Monday evening next. Independent of his own merits, the pieces lie has selected, cannot fail to attract a first-rate house. These pieces are, the Drama of The Flowers of the Forest, or a Gipsy Story ; and the Young King, or Loye and Conspiracy, besides a variety of entertain ments. To the old habitues of the Victoria we need not say a word by way of recommendation, in favour of Mr Rogers. To new arrivals, we would say, go, and judge for yourselves, and vou will not regret the treat which will be afforded you Publican's Licenses.— Duringthelicensingsession, whichhasjust ended, some of the magistrates have displayed some curious tricks, . '-Which remind us forcibly of. Shakespeare's exclama'tion, " Man dress d in a little brief - authority,' plays such fantastic tricks before high heaven, as make the angels weep." We doMiot mean to say the angels would weep, on the occasions to which we refer, but there is plenty to exoite the risible faculties of the species homo. A person named Carter made an application for a license for a house which .he had built in the old Barrack-square at am enormous expense. No objection whatever was -made to this house, except by the Water Police Magistrate, who thought that as the children of 'respectable citizens - would be going to plav in the square (!) it Was not at all desirable that a public-house should be in that vicinity. What an admirable objection, truly. No wonder ; that the other magistrates indignantly refused to entertain it, and as a matter of conrse, as well as of right, the application of Mr. Carter vwas granted. Another case was that of an applicant named Roden, for a house at Victoria Terrace, Miller's Point. No objec tion was made to,this house by a;iy of the residents in the neigh bourhood But Messrs Darley and Murnin, two of the sitting magistrates, took it into their wise heads that a public-house was iiot wanted in that neighbourhood as it might be the means of in ducing sailors to get drunk, being so near to the wharves.; and more especially, we may remark, to a place called " Towns' wharf ' After the case had been heard two - or three times, the application was finally refused, the two magistrates abovenamed making a majority on the Bench. This may be called " even-handed justice," ' but it certainly does not so appear. Another curious case was that of a publichn named Sullivan, m Argyle-streefc. He applied for a . renewal of his license, and, as a matter of course, his hogse was in spected by a magistrate (Dr. Mitchell,) who directed that a urinal should be erected before the application could ' be granted. This was done in strict conformity with the magistrate's orders. . But no sooner was it done than the .Inspector of Nuisances pounced upon the. unfortnnate; publican, and brought him before the Police Bench for a breach pf the Police Act. The case was- heard before the Mayor, and . . Mr. Hill,- who ordered the urinal to be removed, observing at the same time that all magistrates are not infallible' This appears to be rather too much ot a joke.- All magistrates are not infallible. ' We should imagine. that taking a review of the whole of the magisterial porps of New South Wales,' antj especially of the city ot Sydney, we' should find not only that there arenone of them infallible, but' that a very large proportion are actually destitute of common sense. No man going to the Police Office to have any case adjudicated can tell what will be the result. What is law one day, js set aside th.e next ; decisions are continually conflicting, and ' nothing like consistency can ever be witnessed, amongst the different magistrates,, who occasionally grace the magisterial chair at the Central Police Office, Georges-street. Body Found. — On Wednesday evening last, the body of a man .was found by the Water, Police, in Neutral Bay. His skull was beaten in, and a bag of stones were tied to his legs. From these -circumstances, it was surmised that the man must have been murdered. From tne appearance ofthe body it was also supposed that the deceased was a Chinaman. The body was removed to the Watei Police Office, and lay in the yard until Thursday1 evening in a state of decomposition. Dr Silver then made a post mortem examination, afid ordered its removal to the, dead-bouse of the Sydney Infirmary, where for some reason or other it was refused admission. The body "was accordingly brought back to the yard of the Water Police Office, where it was lying yesterdav morning. This certainly appears to have been a most- disgraceful affair. Why should the body be refused admission to'the dead-house at the Infirmary, and why should not the Coroner have held an inqnesf tipon it at'as early an opportunity as might he. To us it appears- lhat'greqt culpability attaches to all parties concerned. Inqub'sts. — An inqnest was held on Saturday, at Darlinghnrat Gaol, on the Jwdy of Thomas Bailey. Dr. West stated that the deceased was committeiPto gaol as a lunatic. A £ the time of his admission he was in such a debilitated condition that he was nnable1 io stand without support. Witness believed that deceased's illness was brought on by excessive drinking, and he died from the effects, of delirium tremens. The jnry returned a verdict in accordance with the medical evidence On Tuesday, an inquest was held before the Coroner at the Three Tans Tavern, vElizabeth-street, on view of the body of a man, whose name was unknown, then lyinw dead in tne Sydney Infirmary. Constable Kaggarty, of the Wa,ter Police force, stated, that, from information received, he, with a party of constables, proceeded on the previous day to Bradley's Head, and tbere found the body of deceased lying on. the beach at high water mark. Deceased appeared to be a Chinaman, and what slight apparel be had upon him was of that description usually worn by his countrymen . The body was in a state of decomposition. It hail most probably been washed by the tide to the spot where it was- found. The jury returned a verdict of found dead. -On Thursday, an inquest was held «heforu the Coroner at the Bee Hive, pnblic house, Prince-stf-eet, on view of the body of William Clarke. From the.evidencfe, it appeared that the deceased was a labourer, employed in pressing wool at the Circular Quay. On Wednsday , afternoon, deceased and a fellow-labom;er' were running down, and the former , volunteered to lash the bales, and stepping dowu for that Eurpose, fell from the plank to the ground. He struck the side of is head, and was qnite unconscious when picked up. Dr. Smith was sent for, who found him in a comatose state, bleeding from the right ear profusely, with sterterous breathing, and the pupils dilated. Dr. Smith tried the usual remedies/ but there was no reaction. Verdict — died from injuries accidently received Another inquest was held yesterday, at the Kings Head, Lower George- street, on the body of a man name unknown, apparenitlyta Ghina- manv The ..body was found in Nentral Bay by the Water Police; with the skull fractured, and two stones of about 50 11, weight 'tied to the feet in a soogfee hag. It appeared to have been In- the water about a fortnight. The wouiul ip the head appeared .to have been inflicted by a tomahawk, Dr, Silver, made a post mortem examination, and was bf opiuion that. . the wounds on the head had been inflicted before the body was thrown into the water. The - jury returned a verdict of wilful murder against some person or persons unknown. The Clock at Darlinghurst Gaol.— Latterly a number of unfortunate persons both' male and female, have been sent to Dar linghurst Gaol on a charge of being lunatic, .whether it is that the vicinity of tliese poor unfortunates has caused their deplorable malady to extend to the clock -which adorns that establishment we are not aware. The subject is perhaps one for the investigation' of grave and learned doctors, and not for us. But certain it is that the clock has latterly exhibited strong symptoms of- insanity. In the early part of' the week it took it into its head or its hands , to strike between .the hours, and not content with this, extraordinary feat, it would not stop on Monday- until it had struck thirty-six times ! The machine appeared to 'be so well pleased with this striking achievemen b, t-l.at on Tuesday morning it more than re doubled its efforts ; an when the hands indicated half -past ten, it- commenced- striking, and never ceased until it had scored, as the. cricketers would - say, a hundred and forty-nine. It appeared to be then " run out," and remained quiescent for some time. On Wednesday eveniug it commenced the same, freak, and went along at a merry pace, striking most -lustily and boldly for the space of ten minutes, 'when considering, that it . had done enough, it sud denly stopped. Whether any of the doctors have visited and pre scribed for the patient we are riot aware- .'Bht if it commences any ipore such vagaries,, we would recommend, that the» poor thing should be brought before the Police Magistrate, who would, per haps order it to be conveyed to Tarban Creek Asylnm, the only place fit for such a refractory subject. " , , The New Orleans, , Steam-ship — The steamer New Orleans, Captain E. Wakeman, which arrived here on Saturday last, left San FranciSco March 10th, fit noon, with 110 passengers for Sydney. March 11, at 5 p.m, J. C. M'Laughlin, a steerage passenger, jumped overboard; a boat was at once lowered. and sent to the resoue, the crew of which succeeded in picking bim up, but every effort made to restore animation proved unavailing. March 26th, crossed the Equator in long 135- W. March 27ph, at 6 pm, rrrived at Vaio-hai, isjand of Nookaheera, and sailed next day at- 6 p.m., leaving in jjort French corvette Artemise, and American whaling barque Silas Richards Wilcox, of New Bedford, ten months out, with 350 barrels sperm oil'. April 1st, at 3 pm„ arrived at Tahiti; sailed again April 12th at 2 a.m., leaving in port French frigate Moselle, -coryette Durance, and steamer Le Phoque; also American ships Emily Taylor, and Ellen Brooks, full of oil and bone, bound home ; English cutter Oberon, and Hawaian brig Rein Deer, both from Sydney April 21st, at 1 p m., arrived at Tongatoboo, took on board 20 passengers (British subjeots) who were in distress, they having 'bfeen wrecked in the schooner Rapid, on the 4th March Sailed from Ttfngataboo April 23rd, at noon, leaving in port barque Clara, Mellep, 65 days from San Francisco, bonnd to Sydney. The missionary brig.'john Wesley sailed a few days previous for Vauvou. April 27th, boarded' the brig Bucket, bf Adelaide, 17 days from Sydney, bonnd fo Feegee Islands and Sing apore May 3rd, anchored in the south passage of Moreton Bay, spent two "days in looking for a pilot, and on the morning of the 6th started for Brisbane, but on reaching the mouth of the river there was found to be less water on the bar than she drew, which compelled the steamer to come to anchor till the coah required could be sent down tlfo river in lighters > ' On the 9th a steerage passenger named Robert Farley, from the Schooner Rapid, died 'of dysentery, and was buried on thedsland of St. Helena On the ,12th, left anchor/ge at 9 a.m., and proceeded out of the North Channel, passing Cape -Moreton at llf a.m. May 13th, at 1 1 45 pm., passed a brig supposed to be the Jack from Moretqn Bay, standing to the southward, and at midnight met the steamer Sham rock. steering north. On the 14th, at 4 p.m., arrived in the Heads, thus making the passage in 64 days-4 hours whole tim Detention in Nookaheeva Biy, 1 day; ditto in Tahiti, 10 days 18 hours; ditto in Tongataboo, 1 day 23 honrs ; ditto in Moreton Bay, 8 days, 20£ hours; total, 22 days 13 hours: making the run irora Sun Francisco in 41 days 14£ hours. In making this passage the New Orleans has, to save coal, been running under but half of her usual pressure of steam 'Nine of her passengers spent 48 hours in - Moreton Bay searching for .the Norfolk Island- pirates who have of late infested that part of the coast. Their- efforts, unfortunately were unsuccessful The. New Orleans is a heantifnl steamer, affording accommodation in the. state saloon for 169 passenger, 60 in the ladies saloon, and 400 in the steerage. Her - length is 235 feet, breadth 60 feet, diameter of .wheels 34 feet; her engines 450 horse power, 1200 tons burthen, and draught of water when laden 12 feet: . . .' New Insolvent. — Edward Bathurst, of Fotts's Point, Darling hurst-, Sydney; gentleman.- - Amount of liabilities c(ue by insolvent (including 587' 16s. 3d. disputed claims), £1152 4s: JlJd. ; assets, personal property, £750 : amount, of deficiency, £402 4?, ll£d, Mr. Perry, official sigpiee, " \- - v ' ' Music. — Amid-.the scenes'.ahd changeswhiohare daily-taking place, and which serve iri a measure to occnpy the attention 'of the- ' people in general, we are; glad to observe that the truly valuable- , science of music sefims to- keep pace with other orders. Amongst a variety of productions of late, which have come under our notice, there is one deserving of especial mention. The subject, " See love's web arbund thee weaving," by the Rev. J. D. Merewether, is' beautiful in itself, and such a one ris would be likely to call .forth ' the teal pathos and musical power of the composer, Miss Murphy, to whom too much praise cannot be given. We cannot help com mending -Miss Murphy in ..her choice of -dedication ; and we recommend this pleasing little work as a piece of music well! worthy the attention of the musical world — the Temale portion especially. Tenant Right.— We believe some movement has olready been made amongst the working men of Sydney, with a view to enter into some arrangements by which the present 'enormously high rte- of rents may be in some measure reduced. It is indeed time that > something of the kind was done. Rents are now most exorbitant,, and particularly for small dwellings, and there appears to' be every probability that many of the landlords are determined to carry them still higher. . With the nature of the present movement, we- are not as yet thoroughly, acquainted," one or two preliminary meetings have been held by certain persons, and another meeting is, we nnderstarid to be held on Thursday evening next, so that we- shall probably be able in our next to give the particulars of the- transactions which have been commenced. It behoves the tenants to look out, as we are of opinion that some more stringent law than that at present iri force is contemplated by Mr. G R Nichols,. His proposed Bill is not yet printed, so that we are unacquainted - with its details, but from what we have heard, amh judging from the source from which il emanates, we ore of opinion, that it will ' . be only favourable to the landlords, and hignly prejudicial to. ' tenants. The working classes haye only themselves to look to in this matter ; they cannot expect support or sympathy from any quarter; they must depend entirely on their, own energies -and iorethought. Still we think that a well directed effort would be. productive of much good. 1 1 Increase of Salaries to Government Officers — The fol lowing is the scalqof increase in the.solaries of Government clerks and others, recommended in the message of His. Excellency tho Governor-General to the Legislative Qouncil .- — Present Salary. Increase. 4 £100 and under £150 i£75 . 150 and under ' 200. .-. 90 v 200 and under 300 10(0, 1 300 and under .400 ............. . . ; 135 ' , 400 and under 500 180 ' 1 500 and under 600 .... . . . . .. .. . . 200 600 and. under 700.. .............. 240 ( " . 800 ......... 280 . . 1000 350 ' , ' 1200..... 36t» v Proportionate deductions are, however, to be made in the cases of officers occupying froe quarters The enclosures in the message . have not yet passed through the printing office, but tiie above is a correct abstract, of the proposed in- crease. v , ; Railway .to ParrjImAtta — We are pleased' to hear that- Mr. v Randle, the contractor' lias made, arrangements with Mr. S. P. Ekin, who has just arrived from England with his brother's patent 4" machinery for making bricks, which, gained the gold medal at thb Great exhibition. This machinery is capable of turning out .30,000 bricks per week. We are also informed that two steam engines are shortly expected, which will enable them to make 250,000 bricks per week, dd that we may feel assured that the enterprising contractor will be enabled to complete the work with much greater facility than was. expected, which must ho" a gratification to the shareholders, arid the public in general. Fatal Accident on the Western 'Ro4,d. —Early on Thursday morning, a loaded dray, belonging to Mr. E Cox, of Mudgee, was proceeding along the Western Road, in charge of two- men,, one of whom was sleeping on the top of the dray ; ' when about four miles from Parrama'tta, the vehicle came in contact with the fence- ' of a bridge 'over a dry creek, .which immediately gave. way. the dray and horses being precipitated into the watercourse, the dray - ' . falling upon the unfortunate man who hud been sleeping on it. His companion immediately set off to procure assistance, but twenty minutes elapsed before the man could bo got from beneath the dray, ' when he was found to be quite dead. " . sudpqsed Murder — Tne town of Parramatta was Thrown into 'a, \ state of some excitement by tbe report that a murder had been committed in its vicinity, between Monday night and Tuesday morning last. It appears that as the Rev. Dean Coffey was- on Tuesday morning proceeding from his residence to the Windsor Road, he saw the body of a female lying in the scrub, not far frorii , the gaol. The body was afterwards identified at that of Mary Ann Fergusson, some time since in the service of Mrs. Oakes. a man naniell James WoodwAd, a shoemaker, has been apprehended on suspicion of the murder. ; General Pi erce and Mr. O'Mbaghbr.— General Piercb, upon - hearing of Mr. O Meagher's arrival in the City, sent his carriage for him,' with a request for him to call upon him at tlie Treirionfc House Mr. O'Meagher pnid a visit to the President eldct, and met with a cordial reception at Ips hands, and an invitation to> A visit Washington. — Boston Journal. Feb ' 5.' Highwa y Robbery. — Oil the 4th instant Mr. Irvine was stopped at Ellis Creek, near Tarcutta publie house, in tbe dictrict of Albnry, by two men, mounted arid armed with pistols. They took from Mr. Irvine a chesnut mare, anew saddle and bridle, £18 in note3, 5s. in silver, and sorari other articles. One of the robbers was about 5 feet 9 inches in height, stoat made/dressed in a pilot frock coat, large mud boots, cabbage-tree hat, and rode a bay horse. » The other robber was about 5 feet 8 inches sandy hair arid whiskers ' inclining to curl ; wore a black veil on his face, and rode a bay horse. Cab Drivbhs —Yesterday, George Copas, a cab driver was con victed of refusing to take a fare from' Dr. Douglass, at the stand in Market-street, and ordered to pay a fine of 10s. and 5s costs. Richard Jackson was also convicted of a similar offence, and fined in the same penalty and' costs. 1 , Disorderly Houses.— Yesterday1, an old' woman named Ann Tracy was committed to take her trial at tbe next Court of Quarter Sessions, for keeping a disorderly 'house of the very worst descrip tion in Durand's Alley. John Brown was also committed for trial on a similar charge, for keeping a house of the same description in Clarence -street ' Committal. — Mary Ann Priucewas yesterday committed to take, her trial for robbing a sailor named John Mitchell; recently arrived , 1 from California, of three fifty dqllar .. pieces/and 15s. in ailverj on' Wednesday last, " a ssapiiting, the Police.— Yesterday Patrick Reardon, was con- i victed of assaulting Serjeant Ditcham in the execution of his dnty anil was sentenced to pay a fine of £1, aud 2s. 6d. costs. - Assault.— Allan M-'Pherson was' yesterday fined £3 or threfr .week's imprisonment for : having, viqleiuly assaqlted. o.ie Sampso . Moore, a- vendor of pastry \ " . . ' i . / '' . - ' - '. Police Of rid a Business.— On Monday the business papers at . the .Central Polioe Office were unusually hoavy. On the drunkard's list were nov fewer Jth an 43 qharges ; .one prisoner only having Obtained lelease at the watoh house by payment ot 20s. ; the remainder were disposed pf in the usual manner. There were 22 charges on the free list, the majority of them being for disorderly x .conduct in the streets' while tinder, the influence of liquor, and more properly belonged to- the drunkard list. There were 29 cases on the summons list,. for various alleged offenses — obscene, language, threatening language, obstruction of the footways, personal assaults .and. breaches of the tenement . apt : in 6 cases there were no parties; in 1, the summons had not been served; I 'for a breach -of the- peace, was remanded in order to afford opportunity for .reconciliation ; aid the remainder werepostponed. PtLFBRlMt in mi liiBKST.-»On Moiidij last, two lads eaob About twelve years of age, named William Holland, and William ' Murphy, were brought before the A Police Magistrate and Mr.. Wingate, at the Polioe Office, by InspeotorjSiOgleton r charged with jobbing a stall in the Gqorge-street market on? the previous day. They were eaoh sentenced to three months imprisonment with Lard labour in Darlingburst Gaol. 1 / A Chinaman.— Anpther of these troublesome customers- named- Ow -Wang alias Yaw Chaw, was on Monday brought before tbe Police Bench, charged by oonstable Council, with kicking up a row. in the streets. He turned out to be a' servant of Mr. Want, Absent from his service since tbe 4th September last. He was sent to gaol for three months, at .the expiration of that tithe to, be returned to tbe service of Mr. Want. Fu.Rioimr Riding. — Oo Tuesday, last a man named 'Slade, a " groom, was fined £2 for furiously riding in Pitt street;?snd nearly gallopirig' over a woman and three children He was afterwards charged with assaulting Inspector Holmes, while being taken to tho watch house,, for which offence he was fined an additional 19s. Committed for Furious Riding.— A .man- named George Button, not the'celebrated "Billy," was on Tuesday committed to take bis trial at the next Court of Quarter Sessions, for having xidden. over a- lad- named' Frederick Charles Fobney, on the 9th > instant,, and seriously injured htm" The man was drrihkat'tbe N time-, of bis apprehension by constable James, He was allowed bailibimself ip £20, and two sureties in the sum of £10 each. Ra-kokns.— On Tuesday, William Nugent, was convioted of mealing a ream of paper, value 4s, 6d the property of Mr. Jeremiah Mbore, bookseller, George-street, and was sentenced to two months imprisonment with hard labour in JDarlinghurat Gaol. Assault and Robbsrv.— On Wednesday last, a man- named John Flanagan was ooanmitted to take his trial at the next Court of Quarter Sessions, on charge of having- assaulted one Peter / Pfircell, a Shoemaker, arid robbing- him of £4- in notes, and 15s. in silver, in the yard of a publio- house in Parramatta- street, on Biinday evening .last, ' Attempt at Suicide.— On Wednesday last a young woman in the service of Mr. Piifold, of the Royal Admiral Hotel attempted to-put an end to her existence by poison. As' soon as the oircuoa- stanoe wa» discovered medical assistance was obtained and she was conveyed to tie Infirmary, It is hoped that the result will not prove fatal. She has expressed herdetenriination if she reoovers, to cut her throat. , Police 'Act.— A publioso named Sullivan was. on . Wednesday sufrimoned at the suit of the inspector of nuisances, to answer for \- 1 a breach of the 15th section of tbe Police Act, by placing an urinal- on tbe-fobtway of Argyle street. For the defence, Mr. v Little submitted that his client bad oot broken the law, as the ' . filth or annoyance complained'of should be ejusdem generis with the description of the filth" or annoyance" particularly described in the- Act. The,.henoh ovqrruledthe objection. -J Mr. Little then explained the hardship to which his client bad been subjected in .' the qiatter of the urinal. 1 In oohsequenoe of having applied for & renewal of his license bis. house' was visited aud inspected by a magistrate (Dr. Mitchell) who directed the applicant for the pre vention of nuisance to erect an urjnal on the spot in question. Defendant hesitated to do so, but finding that he should not succeed in bis' application for a license unless he complied wi h the instructions, be had it erected. Hia license. was granted as soen as the Inspector reported the fact ; but1 no sooner ' was it up thani "'Mr. Stubbs was down upon him for a- breach of the Polioe Act. Under such ciroumstanoes what was he to' do ?. Their worships said that no doubt it was a hardship, but all magistrates were not infallible. » It was olear however-tliat an offence bad been committed, but under the circumstances perhaps Mr. Stubbs would not press for a conviction'if the nuiBance were immediately removed, forwhich purpose they deferred judgment for a week. Several builder, for eausiog obstructions by their materials, and shopkeepers for exposing their goods- on the footways, were con victed > and sen tenoed to pay penalties of 5s., with a like amount for costs. : Absenting from the Polios.— On Saturday last, the case of A policeman named Thomas Lee was adjudicated on at the Polioe Office,-' by Messrs. Dow ling and Wingate, which disclosed- some very harsh and tyrannous proceedings on the part of the police authorities, towards the constables. It appeared in the course of the investigation, that on Saturday 'the 2nd of April last the entire 1 week's pay of Lee had been slopped for some alleged breach of polioe discipline. On tbe subsequent Thursday being the 7th 6f the ; same month, he was suspended from duty, and his )jay was stopped on a charge- of having been' off his beat for half an hour. The ' charge thus preferred against him was not heard, until tbe 24th > April, a period of' nearly three weeks, during the whole of which > time he received no pay. Being, quite destitute and without the means of paying his board and lodging, he was compelled to do (Something, being as he stated, neither in the habit of thieving i/or begging He accordingly left his uniform- and aoooutrements- .at the house of oonstable Murpby, w?>ere be lodged and went to tbe -Turop diggings to try his fortune there. He was- reported as being ' absent, and a warrant was issued for his apprehension. Having heard of this, on Friday last he gave himself up, and on Saturday was brought before the Benoh. He then Btated that he was willing to return to his doty, and fulfil his engagements as a police- ' ' man. The magistrates before whom his case was beard 'considered that be had been guilty, of a, very grave offenoe, and ordered him to pay a fine of £.2, or to be imprisoned in gaol for fourteen days, and kept to' hard labour. This was called rather sarcastically, we should think, under all 'the circum stances, a mitigated penal'y. The fine was paid however, .and we suppose Lee has returned to his duty. It appears that " during the time , a policeman is under- suspension for any alleged i breach of his duties, he is not entitled to receive any salary; and after tho case has been beard, even -should he succeed in olearing htm Re If from the, charge, hia back- pay is not allowed; This being he case, it ie- anything but -just to keep a charge hanging over a man's, head for three' or' four weeks. It ought to be heard and decided, at onoe, so that if he is guiltless he may be immediately re- instated. When we recollect the paltry pay- which Is.given .to polioemen, only £1 12s. 6d. per week, this whole proceeding wears A'-most revolting and despeticalasp'eot. We wonder whether the superior polioe authorities- would like to be subjected to a similar course of .procedure. " What is saOfie for the- goose, is sauce lor \- " - . " V the gander," and we don't see, why all the officers of the police department, from the bighestto the lowest should not be subjected to tbe same discipline inreapeot of-flnes, suspensions, and penalties. We think if this were the cam more substantial justice would be done than is sometimes now the ease. No wonder when police men are treated in, this manner that we hear so much of the inefficiency of tbe polioe, and the wanvof men to keep up the strength of the force. Who would be 'a.polioeman if he could help it. Duties of Policemen.— What are policemen for ? To protect life and property, and conserve the public peace ? So we thought, but it appears some of our great men' think differently. During th6 last week or two a police sergeant, who should have been on duty at the North Shore, has been employed in visiting tbe denizens of St. Leonards with a written paper, signed " George Barney, oburch warden, (ft. Leonards," authorising him to collect sub scriptions towards tbe support of the G'auroh of England clergy man, who offioiates in that delightful suburban parish. What right George .Barney. Esq., Chief Commissioner Of Crown Laud, Nominee Member of the Legislative' Council, Big Squatter, and Church Warden of St. Leonards North Shore, oan have to impose this duty on a sergeant of tbe police; who is paid by the public- for the performanae of a certain publio duty, we are at a loss to imagine. Was the sergeant thus employed with the knowledge, consent, and connivance of tbelnspeotor General of Polioe ? If he was, ought the Inspector- General- to allow him to he so-employed, and if he was not, then was not this sergeant as mueh absent from bis duty-, as poor Leg, whose case is mentioned in the 'preceding 'paragraph? And if. so, ought he not to be , brought up and fined P And ought not " George Barney, church warden," to pay the fine? We think so. Postage Stamps. — His Excellency tbe Governor General directs it to be notified, that in pursuance of the provisions of the 15 th clause of the Aot of the Governor and. Council, 15th Victoria, No. 12, intituled, "Ac Aot to consolidate and amend the law for Conveyance and Postage of Letters," a plate has been provided for Eghtpenny Stamps of the same' design as the' other Postage Stamps now in use. Eightpenny Stamps with this design will be .immediately issued. Sham Sovereigns.— A number of brass medals of the size of a sovereign have beeniateiy introduced into Sydney, some of which, it would appear, have been attempted to be paid into the Bank of New South Wales.. On Saturday last a person took between £300 and £400 all i n Sovereigns to tbe above Bank, when the teller detected amongst them fourteen of these brass medals, which he detained. Tbe man stated that he had just arrived in Sydney from Melbourne, and that he had received jt be whole of the money from a person residing in Collins-street in that city. The medals are much lighter than the real Bovereignhaying the Queen's head on one side with the words "Victoria Regies'' date 1852; on the reverse, St. George and the Dragon, with the date 1837. Persons taking sovereigns should be careful, or they may beHmposed on with these shams. / Mb'moby of Music.— The readiness with which the memory iends-itself to the service of muaio isanother standing phenomenon peculiar to her. By what mysterious- paradox does it" come to pass that what the mind receives 'with the moat passivity, it is enabled to retain with the most fidelity, laying up the choicest morsels of musioal entertainments in its storehouses,. to be ready- for spontaneous performance, without our having so much as the trouble of summoning tbem ? For not even the exertion of our will is required : a- thought— aye, less than a thought— the slightest breath of a hint is suffioifent to set? the exquisitely sensitive strings of musical memory vibrating and often we know not what manner of -an idea it is that ha? just fluttered aoross our minds, but for the melody, or fragment of a-, melody, it' has awakened in its passage. By what espeoiti favour is it that the ear iB permitted a eadier access to the cells of memory, an a steadier lodging, when there, than of the other organs? Pictures, poetry, thoughts, hatred, loves, promises of course, are all more fleeting than tunes ! These we may yet be buriedfor years; they never moulder in the grbve ; they come baok as fresh as ever, yet bowing the depth at which they have been lain by. the secret association of joy or sorrow they bring with them. There is no sucb pitiless invoke! of the ghost of the past at one bar of, melody that has been connected with it ; there is no suoh a sigh escapes from the heart as that which follows in the train of some musioal reminiscence —'Quarterly Review. The Norfolk Island Convicts;— These desperate fellows made their appearance again at Moreton Island last Friday. Tbe boat was observed on the previous evening coming from tbe direc tion of Bribies Island, and on the following, morning the pilot's orew fell in with them a. short distance from the station, when they represented themselves as shipwrecked men from Wide Bay, One of the pilot's men, called Joe the Frenchman, it is Baid fired at the pirates who were in their boat, but tho others were too timid to follow his example. Having oonveyed the information to the New Orleans several on board volunteered a pursuit of the ruffians, and on the news reaching Brisbane, the Custom's boat was immediately despatched. The parties returned from the , pursuit -on Sunday without meeting with the convicts, and it is supposed they have retreated again to the northward. They went away without plundering, the pilot's station, but they appeared to be Bhort of provisions;- and from the faot of their pretending to load their guns, - it seems very probable, that they require more powder and shot. If this be the case they will no doubt pay Mr. Watsou another visit —Moreton Bay. Free Press. Tin. — We have beep informed on good authority that the debris of a tin lode, similar in all respects to that discovered- at the Ovens, has been found near Markdale in the Binda distriot. .If Buoh be the fact, and we have good reason for supposing tbat it ik so, the sooner it is made publio the better ; and - not only that, the .sooner operations are commenced , which are inexpensive, the more advantageous to the proprietor of the land and, all others conoerned. It is an undoubted faot, tbat every, day those who dig below tbe surface of the earth are throwing away what is of great value, and werel science -brought to bear upon their operations, by a proper Examination of the different strata, maoh commercial wealth would be developed to the colony, arid much individual prosperity secured to the labonrer.- — Uoutburn Herald. Coal for- Ausibalia.— A vessel is now loading at the wharf of Messrs. Mills and Co. Port Richmond, with coal, destined for . Australia. ' This is the first shipment of the. great staple product of .Pennsylvania, for that Tar off region tbat we have heard of. — 'New York Express. Febrvary. _ Flour and Freights to Australia. — During the past week there were some considerable -transactions in flour, in this market, for shipment to Australia. The brands were obiefly best Southern-, say at an average of 5 dollars 75 cents, per barrel. Freights for this species of merchandise vary from 3 dollars to 3 dollars 50 cents, per barrel. The total cost, therefore, is at the outside not riaore than 9 dollars, insluding insurance; arid as, kt last dates, the articles was selling at the most exorbitant prices at Sydney, . there' is bo t little doubt tbat a handsome profit will be made, always providing that .the flour keeps sweet till it arrives there. A Danish britr at this nort. we notice, last week engaged a cargo of- 2000 bbls,, for which the 3 dollars freight was paid. — N. Y. Express v 