SYDNEY RIFLE CLUB. ON Monday last, the 3rd inst, this club held one of their quarterly meetings, to shoot, according to their regulations, for 3 prizes. The first at 200 yards, the second at 150 yards, and the third at 100 yards; each member contending to nre ö snots ; for each prize, from the shoulder, standing up, without a rest. The winner of one prize not to be allowed to gain another ;' owing, j doubtless, to the fact of the " venue " having been changed from the usual shooting ground, to the back of Thurlow's Terrace, corn-: paratively few spectators were present, The members of the club mustered about 20 strong, and the shooting, especially for the 2nd and 3rd prizes, came quite tip to the average. The 1st prize, a handsome silver snuff box, (distance, 200 yards ; target, 2 feet 8 indies in diameter, bull's eye, 5 inches in diameter) was won fey Mr. B. Mountcastle, Mr. G. Hamilton being second, and Mr. W. B. Allen, third. The second prize of a six-barrelled revolver pistol, &c;, com- , plete, (at a target, 2 feet in diameter, with a bull's eye of 4 inches ; 150 yards distant) was won by Mr. Wilcox, Mr. Golden second; and Mr. West, third. For the third prize of a silver mounted jockey whip, and rifle' apparatus, (100 yards distance ; the target measuring 18 inches, and the bull's eye 3 inches). Mr. Kennedy was the successful competitor i Mr. Aitken being second, and Mr. Strong, third. . Between the 1st and 2nd matches the club partook of a most excellent dinner, which restored confidence to the unsuccessful competitors, and put every one in good humour. At the termina- tion of the shooting, the prizes were awarded to the several victors^ accompanied with short congratulatory addresses, and in each case responded to very appropriately. It appears to us somewhat strange, that at a time when " the defences of Port Jackson seem to occupy so much attention amongst the " powers that be," that so few of the inhabitants of Sydney have joined this most useful association ; and we strongly recommend our fellow citizens, in lieu of disturb- ing themselves with visions of an imaginary Russian fleet being in the Pacific, and en attendant, the arrival of the block ship, to en- rol themsel ves as members of the Sydney Rifle Club. They will thus, at least, adopt a practical method of assisting themselves and their country, and will'be sure, once in three months, of a good day's shooting, combined with an agreeable picnic in very pleasant society.-Communicated. ROMANCE AND REALITY IN AMERICA.-The Nashville Amen , can tells the following good story : -A scene of some interest came oft' at the Adelphi Théâtre on Saturday night, during the perform- ance of Lucretia di Borgia. The curtain was up, and the audience were intently gazing upon the poisoning scene, where five indivi- duals are about to " give up the ghost," in consequence of partaking of the Syracuse wine. The death-like silence which prevailed, wa* suddenly interrupted by the sobbings of some tender-hearted female whose sympathetic, heart was keenly alive to the unfortunate con- dition of the aforesaid victims. A modest young man began to be interested in discovering the female, whose heart, like his own, was so susceptible to human feeling. While the young Romeo was looking around from the parquette scanning the countenances of the fair ones, he thought he experienced a sensation as if something was upon his h«ad ; he raised his head, and found to his delight that some lady had accidently dropped her cambric handkerchief from the boxes directly above. Our young Romeo began to dis- cover that there was an opportunity for him to display his gallan- try ; he arose, and after privately pressing the cambric to his lips, extended it, delicately secured between the tips of his fingers, for the fair claimant to take possession of. At this moment a head protruded over the gallery above, and cried in a low but distinct tone, " Chuck it up, massa ! " The young man suddenly raised his eyes, and beheld the blackest wench that ever white man looked upon. It is needless to add, that he dropped almost lifeless into his seat, and the favoured few who chanced to witness this ludi- crous scene burst into an uncontrollable fi: of laughter. 