ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. FINE ARTS EXHIBITION. To the Editor of the Banner. —I am, &c.;, A NEW CHUM. Collingwood, 21st Sept., 1853. . [All Letters addressed to the 3i litor must have the real name and address of the Writers ap-ndod, not necessarily for publication, but os a jtnarantee for the ■•ruth- of-their contents, and Uu respectability of ilio Cnrrespond Mita ] SIR, —As a new comer to this far-famed, Colony, like, many others of my class, I have not found myself very agreeably situated. On the opening of the Fine Arts Exhibition I embraced the earliest opportunity of paying it a visit. Since that time I have been patiently waiting to see in the public newspapers a review of the same, but have looked in vain. Jtdw, as the Exhibition is -about to close, and it appears that very little notice 1ms been taken of it, it would seem that the ‘‘old chum” cares very little about" such things; the “new chum” has, therefore, ventured to lake his place. This may be re garded as‘an aggression on the vested rights of the old colonists : be it so if he wills it, in the. meantime I shall go on-; — , No.'I. Portrait of thz Bight Worshipful the Mayor op Mblboursb. — This painting m well brought out, Whether the likeness is true to the original or not I cannot say, as I have never seen hia Worahip in person, but by my notice of (his por trait, I mean to convey too idea, that there is in the lineaments of the countenance a rigid c niceo'raii >p of tho inteJlcoru >1 man, npl easily 10 be oyiT-roachuJ. Jf his Worship rently possesses this represent the artist brought it strongly out. I No 50. View on the Yariu—This is without doiibra first-rate little thing ; the colonriuir of Lor .bage, wood, and water is beautifully natural, isnd tho high finish given to it by the artist deserves commendation. • .. . •' ’No. Gi. Pop.TnAtTor a Gr.NTi.EMAx ah© Family. —Of this glaring group 1 can -say but ht'iccUS I know nothing of ih.e party represented, I therefore simply call it a pretty picture, but with, iho natural philosophy of tho artist I have got sOinothingTo say. ■ \Ve!l chon, here is a family of fat her, .mother, a ad elnld ; the lady is sumpuou-ly drnporised sitting on a chair. the gentloViVaii is standing in the first portion of a dancing inn tor, and thojr offspring sitting on the knro of, the |a ly.' Sow here comes thoruh; thccbiH is endeavouring by its position-and upwards s oiling look“!0 get n paternal response, but ihiro.is no response to! the little darling,—no, ihoro.i# none ; the gentleman's eyes nro directed aomewlierc else", s’> is the lady's, but the moiher is holding the child, therefore she must lie excused. Now in tidi tho artist has forgot to represent the paternal feeling'; ha litis directed ihii cduntenancb of (ho child, to look the father in the face, bdt ho forgot to make tho father, hnyje tho response in his countenance to please., tlid anxious solicitations of tho child,' unnatural neglect has completely spoiled a good painting, which must ever remain so, unless the arlist make the counten ance of tho father give a response to the child. No. 63. Tub Morsiso Meal.— This is a rural eight of a Scottish peasant, and is in my estimation one of tho first class paintings of the Exhibition. No. Hi. Gas you Befosb ?—This represents the solicitations of the llurily-Gqrdy Musicians tgirl and boy). The softness of this painting, sod it’s fiuv'tlo’us portmi>ure of caroest simplicity, make n call upon yon hoi to be refused. Too tone of the painting is excellent. -- No. HI. IliontASD Funeral.— In this the grave ami sombre-like countenances are grop'dually pour trayed; the whole group is in excellent keeping with the solemn occasion, and it is undoubtedly a very supi*rior p'cco of its kind. , No. 1 35. A— Portrait of tub Autivt.J. Milchms. —Amongst all iho portraits in too room this is unquestionably the highest in finish ; ■ the artist, ■however, has not done himself more than justice. T!«o colo>ing is a • jtlle too swarthy, and I would *ay Home little want in the penetration of the eye, which tho artist himself possesses ; otherwise the portrait, as a portrait, is of lho ; h'ghost order, the tone * 3 exceedingly so’l and true throughout'! not a flaw docs the eye inert with to call for its scrutiny. No. 87, Portrait op Bet. John Ubid.— This portratt does not give the rev. gemleman his due. It would appear tho artiae had not studied the in-■ Wlccmal physiognomy of Mr, Eeid as a public man. It mav pans ns a fine painting, no doubt, an.y per haps, a good likeness too, but I ask, where is iho depiction in this poriirait ihat cqnveys to the eye of the spectator the intellectual countenance of that rcVi gentleman ? This omission in general is the common fault committed by artists in producing portraits of public men. 1 have called it here an “ omission, but 1 believe I should have rntner called it an insuruionntable difflcu!ty > to fifteen out of twenty of urofesstonal portrait painters. , No. 64. •'* WaiBKOf Still." —This superior .painting • has rather travelled out of its way-in coming to the south side of the line, and it is «vp,n, vexing to think that such a spcndid propaottop! should linvo made its'appearanco in a hemisphere, where very few persons indeed will ever acknow-; ledgo its super-excellence above every other painting in fie present Exhibition. Til'' figures in tine piecn pourtiey in their countenance a language which the speciator may readily read, and feel jjicir painful position. As a simple Illustration, I will only nl.ud* to the young fcntale,. whoso .attitude of body, posi tion of this hantli and finger's; 5 and the pchei.atihg eye spying the unwelcome visitor* lex-i'Ofricik* m (ho;distsnce, snow the foplings of (ho .figure work- Ir.gupto iho highest intensity of,.suspense. The othbi; figures in the pointing nra equally, wi-,11 do liudhted. The piece, as a Wholci th nil its co'borind ami objects is Uftrmofiionsly brought ont.' 1'would sny, if them 0o such a thing nstlan artist's associa tion ,in Mel ipurne, the members thereof cannot do h -t or than secure this painting tor their, own : bcii'-fi:. , _ - I' ,, , ' 1’herc ah* many 'other paintings of merit' in, lire roijm that well deserve to be noticed; but, for the present, I dose,, hoping that this simple notice i may -find n corner in your very excellent news paper.- 