The Little Hard-faced Old Gen- ! tleman. j From the Diary of an Editor. BT TIÎEOIXJItE S. TAT. I was passing from my office one «'.ar, to in- dulge myself with a wulk, when n little, hard faced old roan, with n black coat, brond-briin nieJ hat, velvet breeches, slioe3 ami buckles, and gold-Headed cane, stopped me, standing dhecl'.y iu HIV path. I looked ut him. He looked at nit.. I crossed my hands before me patiently, forced ' my featarcs'into a civil smile, and waited the de ' velopraeut of his intentions ; not being distinct In- certain, ûom his linn, determined exprcssi ii, whether he was "a spirit of health or goblin damned," and whether his intents were " wicked or charitable "-that is, whether he came to dis- continue or subscribe, to pay a bill or present one, to offer a communication or a pistol, to ¡-hake mo by the hand or puH mo by tile nose. Kditors . :' now-a-days must always be on their guard. For \- jny part, Í am peaceable, and much attached to ' ;lift, and shouhl osteeru it exceedingly disagrcc ' able to be either sh .t or horsewhipped. 1 am not built for action, but lovo to sail in quiet waters ; ; cordially eschewing gnlcs, waves, water-spouts, * ' sea-serpents, earthquakes, tornadoes, and all such ' Batters, both on sea and land. My antipathy ta ? a horsewhip is an inheritance from "boyhood, it carried nie across Cicsar's bridgs, and through . Virgil :and Horace. 1 am indebted to it for a tole- rable understanding of grammar, arithmetic, geography, and ether occult sciences, lt enlight- ened mo ïiot a little upon many algebraic pro icesses, which, to speak truth, presented, otherwise, ?but slender claims to ray consideration. It dis ' ciplined me into an uniform propriety of manners, and instilled into my bosom carly rudiments of .. -wisdom,' and principles of virtue. In my maturer :;'years, the contingencies of life have thrust me, -ritter abruptly, if not reluctantly, into tho edito ' rial fraternity, (heaven bless them, 1 mean them no disrespect,) aud in the samo candour winch distinguishes my former acknowledgment*, 1 eon ': fess that visions'of this instrument have occasion- ally obtruded themselves, somewhat forcibly upon '" my fancy, in the paroxysms of au article, damp ; tiling the glow of composition, and causing cer- tain' qualifying interlineations and prudent erasures, prompted by the representations of me- mory or the whispois of prudence. The render must not fancy, from the form of my expression, that I have ever been horsewhipped. 1 have .hitherto escaped; (for which heaven bo praised !) although my horizon has been darkened by many a cloudy threat and thundering denunciation. 1 Nose-pulling is another disagreeable branch of tlie editorial business. To have any part of one pulled is annoying ; but there is n dignity about tlie nose impatient even of observation or remark; while tho act of taking hold of it with the thumb »id linger, is worse than murder, and can ouly be washed out with blood. Kicking, cuffing, being turned out of doors, being abused in the papers, &c;, aro bad but the o are mere minor considerations. Indeed many of my brother edi- tors rather pique themselves upon some of them, as a soldier does on the scars obtained in fighting the battles of his country. They fancy that, thereby, they aro invested with claims upon their party, and süßer indefinite dreams of political eminence to bo,-, awakened in their bosoms. I have seen a fellow draw his hat fiercely down over his brow, and 6trut about, with insufferable importance, on tho strength of having been tho- roughly kicked by tho enemy. This is a long digression, but it pa=sed rapidly through my mind, ns the little, hard-faced gen- tleman stood before me L oking nt mo with n piercing glanco and a resolute air. At length, unlike a ghost, he spoke first : " Yon aro thc editor ? "-&c; '. A slight motion of acquiescence with my head, and an affirmative* wave of my hand, a little lean- ing, towards tho majestic, announced to my un- known friend tho accuracy of his conjecture. Tho little old gentleman's features relaxed he took off his broad-brimmed hat and laid it down ,with his cane carefully on tho table, then seized my hand ¿nd shook* it heartily. People ATC so polito and friendly when about to ask a favour. "My dear sir," said he, "this is a pleasure I haTC long sought vainly. You must know, sir, I am tito editor of a theatrical weekly-a neat ' thing in its way-herc's tho last number." He I : iumblo i about.In his pocket, and produced a red -6orercd pamphlet. ' ' .¡ " I have been some time publishing it, and, Ulonga it is admitted by all acquainted with ¡ti merits,,to be clearly tho best thiug'of the kind ever started this side' of tho Atlantic, yet pcoplo do not seem to tako much notice of \t. Indeed, my friends tell me, that tho public a~o not fully aware of its existence. Pray lot mo bo indebted to yon for a notice. ' I wish, to get fairly afloat. ,You seo, I. have been too diffident about it. "Wo \- .modest fellows allow'our inferiors to pass us often. I will leave this number with you. Pray, jpve it a good notieo." . He placed in ray hands tho clovcnth number pf .the "iforth American Thespian Magazine," de Voted io thc drama, and also to literature, scioncc, .history,.and tho arts. On reading over the pro i»jioetiii.'l found it vastly coniprehensive, embruc \- , lng ptetty- much every subject in the world. If .jp extensiva a plan wore decently filled up iu tho . .-details tho' ','N.rth American "Thespian Majm "" «tu«" was certainly'worth tho annual subsenp riiM money, wltich was only ono dollar. I. said . Ki mridisc wy " literary notices," in tho next im . nrMtloD of my journal ¡ and, although I had not 1:7 «*taalljp. read the work, yet it sparkled so with , 'atomàlcs) dashes, and notes of admiration, ? that ntobltod ifl.tçresting. I added, .in my critique, tbxt.k.wMOIdgantly got np, nud that its typo Bapbicai execution raflocted credit on the pub Míicir», that, it« failure would bo a ( grievous rc . p»oaei| to th.« city, that its editor wjis a scholar, ' yt jfimf, on4 .a gentleman, and was favourably .""'. kjioira io. .Che-,,literary circles.by the. eloquence, '' .' -rt^ggd feeling of his former productions. Wliut. \ ' . tími^rod actions wore, [ should' have been rather 'panted.to <ay,. never having read; or,even heard .. of than»,,, .Thuvhowevcr, was tho cimt criticism of thi» day, #tiieh .is so exorbitant arid unmean- ing,'and «a .universally cast in ono niqnhl, that I .wm m tome,tribulation, Qn reading over tho article in. printi.to lind that I lind -omitted the . ' words " native genius," "which, possesses a kind '.' ', of «mmott-lavr-right to a place in alli articles on ?: American literary productions. Forth, however, . it want to tho worlc}, and Inexperienced a philnn \- thrópic émotion in fancying how pleased the little hard-faced old gentleman would be, .|With thego. ;' flattering encomiums on his "Thespian Maga . one."' ; _ .... .The very day .my paper was oatj, a's ¡I iras sit« . ting.'rfull fathom.,five. ' deep 'in art ¡article oij :'?'. "tlie" advantages pf virtue," (ari '.interesting . ., ?" theme, upon my- views of which I rather, flattered myself,) !, was .startled by threo knocks at thc ! door, and .my...'? come in exhibited to, view tho brood-brimmed -hat of tho hard-faced gentleman, .;? with-Iiis .breeches, , buckles, gold-hondet} cane, \- and.nih Ho laid asido his hat and cdno vrith tho air of a mau who has. wnlkcd a great way, nnd means to rest himself a while. I was very buiyi ; ItAvasone of .my inspired moments, . Ijlulfof'tt brilliant aden: was nlready committed... tb pauor. There it lay-a fragment-a flower out off in "the bud-a mere outline-nu embryo ; rind my ium ; ginntioncoolhigliko tt piece of red-hot iron.in -?'." 'tho open air. 1 iai-ed my eyes to the old gentio ¡J' . man, rath a look of solemn silence, retaining mv '?\ /jwni-cady for action, with my-little finger ex ; . -xendbd, and hinting in iovory'way, that ¿'tros. i1 -tho vein." I kept my. lips '. closed. .. I. . rapped, tho pen in tho ink- st^d .several.-times,,. ~ ~ - *nd.held iMw voring.-.qyer . tho shéet,' - It. would, i .n2\\.ao' °^ gentleman was hot. to bo drivori 1 .ff hu ground by sliakoi of the pen, ink-drops, or 1 little fingen:. Ho fumbler! about in his poekc;?, j ;i:id draw forth the red-eovcred " North Ameri- can Thespian Magazine," devoted to tho di ainu, &c.;, nutn'i-T twelve. He wanted " a.g<>oJ notice. The last was rather general. I had not specified its :«uul¡u¡* claims upon the publie. I had copiai notr.i'ig. That sort of critique did no good. He biggel me to read this «MIY/K-VI/-to .inalyzf it \- i> ¡ri'-'« it a muiliil examination." I was borne ! down ny his emphatic manner ; and being natu- rally of a ei>il deportment as well as, nt that par- ticular moment, in an impatient, feverish hurry to get un with my treatise on the " advantages o'f virtue/' which I felt n^-w oozing ont of my sub- siding brain with au alarming rapidity, I pro- mised to rend, notice, investigate, analyze to the Uttermost extent of Iiis wishes, or at least of my ability. ' I could scarcely keep myself screwed down to comm it comte-y till the moment of his depar- ture ; a proceeding winch he accomplished with a most cjmmendnlile sclf-possestiou and deliber- ate politeness. When he was fairly gone, 1 poked my head ont, and called my boy. '.Peter." *. Sir." *. Did you see that old gentleman, Peter ? " " Yes, sir." " Should you know him again, Peter ? " " Yes, sir." " Well if ever ho comes herc again, Peter, tell him I am not in," " Yes. sir." I re-entered my little study, and closed tho door after ino with a slam, which could only have been j crceptihle to those who knew my ordinary still and mild manner. There might havo been al.-o a slight accent in. my way of turning tho key, and (caud -ur i j a mei'it !) 1 could not re- press a brief exclamation of displeasu-.e at the little old gentleman with his magazine, who had broken in so provokingly upon my " essay on virtue." " Virtue or lio virtue," thought I; I .' wish him to the d-" My room is on the ground-floor, and a win dow adjoining the street, lets in upon mo the light and air through a heavy crimsoa curtain, near which isit and scribble. ' I was just enlarging upon tho necessity of resignation, while tho fr .wu yet lin- gered on my brow, and was writing myself into a more calm mid complacent mcod, when-another knock at the door. As 1 opened it, I heard Peter's voice asserting, sturdily, that Iliad " gone ont.'' Xever dreaming of my old enemy, 1 be- trayed too much of my person to withdraw, and I was recognized, and "pounced upon by the little old gentleman, who had come back to inform me that he intended, as soon ns thc increase of his subscription would permit, to enlarge and im- prove tho "North American Thespian Maga- zine," and to employ all the writers in town. " I intend also,"-said he, and he was again in the net of laying aside the everlasting hat and ca ic, when a cry of lire in the neighbourhood, and a smell <f the burning rafters attracted him into the street, where, as i feared, he escaped unhurt. In many respects fires arc calamities ; hut 1 never saw a more forcible exemplification of Shakspcare's remark, " there is some spirit of good in things evil," than in thc reb'cf ullbrded mc on thc present occasion. I wrote after that with my door locked. This I knew was, from thc couiined air, prejudicial to my health ; but what was dyspepsy or consumption to that little hard-faced old'gentleman-to those breeches-to that broad bummed hat-to those buckles-to that gold-headed cane ! " Itcmember, Peter," said I, the second morn- ing after the foregoing, " 1 have gone out." " Where have you gone Ï " inquired Peter, ?with g:ave simplicity. They always ask me where you have gone, sir. The little man. with thc hat, wits here last night, and wanted to g-j alto.- Von." "ïoibid it heaven! I have gone to Albany, Peter, on business. I can hear in my room pretty much what pas-e-t in the adjoining ono, where visitors tiret enter from the street. I had scarcely got com f rtably seated, in a rare mood for poetry, giving the las: touches to a poem, which, whatever might be the merits of Byron and Moore, I did not think altogether indifferent, when I heard the little old gentleman's voice inquiring for me. " 1 mutt see him ; I have important business," it said. " He has gone out," replied Peter, in an under ' tonej. in which I could detect the cousciouncss I that he was uttering a bouncer. " Hut I mutt see hun said the voice. " The scoundrel ! " muttered I. " lie is not in town, sir," said Peter. " I will not detain lum a single minute It is of the greatest importance. Ho would bo very sorry, i<«¡»*i/, should he miss mo." I hslil my breath-thute was a pause-T gave myself np foi\k-st--when Peter replied firmly, " He is in Albany, sir. Went olf at five o'clock this mcrning." " Be back soon ? " " Don't know." " Where does ho stay ? " " Don't know." " I'll call to-morrow." I heard ly's retreating footsteps, and inwardly resolved to give Peter a half- dollar, although ho deserved to bc horsewhipped for his readiness at deception. . I laughed aloud triumphantly, and slapped my hand down upon my knee with thc feelings of a fugitive debtor who, hotly pursued by n sheriffs oflicer, escapes over tho line into another country, and snaps his fingers at Monsieur Baili))'. I was aroused from my merry mood of reverie by n touch on my shoulder. I turned suddenly. It was thc hard faced little old gentleman, peeping in from tho street. His broad brimtnod lint and two-thirds of his face werojust lifted above the window-sill. Ho was evidently standing on tip-t:;e ; and the win- dow being open, he had put aside tim curtain, and was soliciting my attention with thc end of his cane. "Ali I "said he, "is it yon Í.WclI, I thought it was you. Th ugh I wasn't sure. .' I won't in- terrupt you. Here are tho proofs of numbcrthir teen ; you'll lind; something glorious in that just tho thing for you-don't forget mo next week-good by. i'll seo you again in a day or two. ' ; . I shall not cast n gloom over my readers by dwelling upon my. feelings. .Surely, surely, there are sympathetic, "bosoms among them. To them I appeal. I said nothing. Few could havo do poetad anything violent or extraordinary in my .manner, as I took thc proofs from the end of thc little old gentleman's cane, and laid them cnlmly on tlie table. I did not write nny moro nbout "virtue" that.-morning. . It was out of the question. Indeed my mind scarcely recovered from tho shock for several days. - ¡ When my nerves aro in any way irritated« I find a walk in tho woods a soothing and agree- able sedative. Accordingly, tho next afternoon, I wound up tho : affairs of tho doy .earlier than usual, and set out for a ramble through tho groves and along tho sh ire of Hoboken. . I was soon on ono of tho abrupt acclivities, whero, through thc deep rich foliage pf tho intertwining branches, I overlooked the Hudson, tho wide bay, and the superb, stccpled city, stretching in n level line of miignificcnco..upon tho shining waters, softened with.an qverliunging,,canopy of thin haze.; I gated nt tho picture, and contemplated tho rivalry of nature with nrt, (striving whicli could most de- light.' As my oyo moved from ship to ship, from island to island, and from shore to shore--now reposing on i the distant blue, then revelling in tho nearer hixiirinnco .of tho forest; green, I heard n step ia tho grassj ti littlo; ragged fellow, came lup, and. asked me ifjl was thc cditor.of .thc-;--. . I was about. repiylng^to.fldtn.áfflmiatively.iAvhcn his words hrrestud ,my attention. A;-little, gen r'tloman.with.aba.tjiniLcanc," ho faid, ."had been inquiring for tho editor,. &c.;, nt tho ndjoiiúug hotel, and liad given him Mxpcnco to run up into j thc woods und find lum." I rushed precipitately, I as I though:, into the thickest recesses of tire j wood. Tito path, however, being very circuitous, j I suddenly came into it, aud nearly ran against a I per?on whom it needed no seconu glance to rc Î uogitUt, although his back was luckily toward tue. j The hat, the breeches, the cane, were'enough. If j not, part of a red-covered pamphlet, sticking out ! of tue coat-pocket, was. it must be number thu teen !" I exclaimed ; and as thc little old gentleman was sauntering north, I shaped my... course with all possible celerity in a southerly di- rection. In order to protect myself for the future, I took, precautionary measures ; and in addition to hav- ing myself denied, I kept the window downland' made iny egress through a door round the corner, ns Peter told^ue ha bad several times ,seen the^ little old gentleman, with a package in his hand, j s-nudingopposite the one through which we usually entered, and looking at thé ôtlice wistfully. By means of these arrangements, I succeeded in preserving my solitude inviolate, when, to my indignation, I received several letters from dif- ferent parts of the country, written by my friends, and pressing upon me, at thc solicitation of the old gentleman, the propriety of giving the "Thes- pian Magazine " a good notice. 1 toro letters, each one as I read them, into throe pieces, and dropjicd them under the table. Business calling me, soon after, to Philadelphia,' I stepped on board tho steamboat, exhilarated with the idea that I was to havo at least two or threo weeks' respite. I reached the place of destination about five o'clock in tho afternoon, lt was lovely weather. The water spread out Uko unrippled glass. and the sky was painted with a thousand varying shadows of crimson and gold. The boat : touched the shore, and while I was watching tho change of a lovely cloud, I heard the splash of a heavy body plunged into tho water. A sudden sensation ran along the crowd, which rushed from all quarters towards the spot ; the ladies shrieked mid turned away their heads ; aud I perceived that a mau had fallen from the deck, and was strug- gling in the tide only one hand held convulsively above tho surface. Being a practised swimmer, I hesitated not a moment, but dung oil' my hat and coat and .sprang to his rescue. With some difficulty I succeeded in bearing lum to a boat and dragging him from thc stream. I had no so .ncr d .ne so, than to ray horror and astonish : ment, I found I had saved the little hard-faced old gentleman. His simlF-colourcd breeches were dripping before me-his broad- brimmed hat floated on the current-but his cane (thank hea- ven !) had sunk for ever. He sutlered no other ill consequences from the catastrophe, than some injury t > his garments and thc loss of his cane. His gratitude for my exertions knew no bounds. He assured nie of his convicti m that the slight acquaintance previously existing between us, would now be ripened into iutimncy, and in- formed inc of his intention to lodge nt tho samo hotel with me. He had come to Philadelphia to ste about a plate for his sixteenth number whieh. was to surpass nil its predecessors, and of whieh he would let me have an corly copy, that I might notice it as it deserved. 