AN ADVERTISEMENT. Here Pize, and Kakes and Bier I sell, And Oisters stood and in the shell, And Fride Wuus tew for them that chews, And with despatch blacks butes and shew. A chap out west, who had been se verely afflicted with a palpitation ef the heart,' says he found instant relief by the application of another palpitating heart. Another triumph in homoeopathy. ' Like cures like.' — American Paper. Some years ago, when Etty, the painter, was at Venice, he fell into the canal; and he was immediately called ' Canaletty.' The celebrated double-bass player Dragonetti happened to be there at the time, and dragged him out. A country girl, coming in from the fields, was told that she looked as fresh as a daisy kissed with dew. ' Weil, it wasn't any fellow of that uarne, but Bill Jones that kissed mc ; and I told him everybody would find him out.' The Oxford Chronicle announces the death of an old English farmer, who for years had the following liucs framed and glazed, hung in his sitting-room :— To my best my friends are free— Free with that, and free with me ; Free to pass the harmless joke, And the tube sedately smoke; Free to drink just what they please, As at home, and at their ease ; Free to speak, and free to think— No informers with mc drink ; Free to stay a night or so; When uneasy, free to go. The hospitable old fellow had a touch of prudence in him. That ' night or so' is very happily placed. 'I say, mamma !'—'Well, my pet !'— ' Was Uncle Tom the husband of Anti-Slavery ?' *Tut, nonsense, child ! Tell Jane to put you to bed.' A credulous peasant went to the clergy man of his parish, and told him. with symptoms of great consternation, that he had seen a ghost.— • Where did you see it ' Why,' said Diggorv, 'as I war going, an' please your reverence, by the church, right up against the wall I sees the ghost.' —' In what shape did it appear ?'—' For all the world like a great donkey.'— ' Go home and hold your tongue,' replied the clergyman ; you are a timid creature, and have been frightened at your own shadow.' ' What is the reason,' said a young lady, 1 that there is nothing said in tho Bible about a ' certain woman,' as well as a ' certain man ?' A gentleman answered the lady's question in the fol lowing impromptu :— 'A certain man's a phrase m Scripture common, But nothing's said about a ' certain woman;' The reason all may sec that are not blind, A woman's never certain of her mind.' A correspondent, whose orthography we are satisfied would not gain him the head prize at the Preston Grammar School, and whose manu script, at first sight, appears to have been the result of a Scotch reel danced upon the paper by a hen and chickens with sooty feet, in describing to us the extreme sufferings of a youth of tender years, gives the following graphical pictare of the dilapi dated condition of the boy's habiliments :—'Is Hat was bout at The top, and his stokins in the same State.' One Sunday, having attended divine ser vice at a country church, Handel asked the organist to allow him to play the people out; and sitting down to the organ, began to play in such a mas terly manner, that he instantly attracted the atten tion of the whole congregation, who, instead of vacating their seats as usuai, remained for a con siderable period in silent admiration The organist began to be impatient (perhaps his wife was wait ing dinner), and at length told the performer that he was convinced he could not play the people out: and Handel having resigned the seat, a few strains in the accustomed manner operated like the reading of the Riot Act. Why is r whisper like a counterfeit bank-note ?—Because it is uttered, but not allowed. " The first expense is the least '• in agri culture ; and in everything else, perhaps, with the exceptions of law and matrimony. ' Don't you think the Rev. Mr K. a preacher of great power?' asked a gentleman, in reference to a pompous, long-winded divine, who spoke in a high- keyed, drawling voice. ' Yes, high drawl-ic power,' was the reply of the person ad dressed. A blacksmith brought up his son, to whom he was very severe, to his trade. One day the old man was trying to harden a cold chisel, which he had made of foreign steel, but he could net succeed. ' Horsewhip it, father,' exclaimed the young one ; ' if that will not harden it I don't know what will.' 