Local and Provincial News« TTIE THEATRE.-Well-filled houses have again ! grecied the joint exertions of tho Lcssce,:Stnrs, and Corornny. The only novelty of the week has been the production of a Piny, new-on this side of the Globe, cnllcd ' Tho Robbers'. It is a translation from Schiller, tïe German SIrakspcarp, and possesses much stage power and incident ; though, may be, rather touched with tho melo- dramatic. It was well put'on, and received con- siderable applause. Tho Stars sustained, and well, thc leading characters ; and the old mon. Tie "Moor, was. played os only Rogers can. His representation of rige was perfect to the minutest points, and would draw admiration and applause on ihe lending London boards. Mr. Howard's acting has also pleased sec Miss A. Hart again * tripping tho light fan- tastic too*. The 'heavy tragedian, whose over-j boisterous enunciations wc criticised last week, wo fancy has kept himself more subdued ; it may 1)0 fancy, lint we trust,'tis fact ; dor more plea- I sure results from 'meting out praise* thanblame.' UAITLKED IX MATRIMONY. - An nmorons 1 youth, whoso indentures of ?npprenticcsliip were ? not expired, sought, a few days since, to outer flic "bond of wedlock. Accordingly, lie marched to clnuih, with his fair inamorata on his arm. all smiler, favours, and blissful^ expectation. The parson was ready-so wcro bride and bridegroom -und thc Rubicon of Boncdictism wns almost crossed, when, ns the Divine came to tho words 4 if any person know any just cnuse or impedi- ment. '&c.;' thc mnster of the youth rose up like Hnnilefs Papa's forbidding ghost, nnd said, ' I do-so get along home to work !' -How the poor fellow sneaked off ' like n well-bred canine', and what wcro (ho disappointed feelings of tho bride, lt boots nit to ndd, POUCB.-His Excellency the Governor Gene- ral hns been pleased, to appoint Mr. Henry Van- sittart Stonhousc to' bc Clerk of Petty S'essi. us ?at Maryborough, Wide Bay. RAINER'S SERENADERS.-This truly talented company stilt continue to draw fashionable and well contented audiences. They take .great pains in varying, as much as possible,"their programme of amusement, and if they do nightly repeat cer- tain songs or solos, it is "only that the continual encores they receive compel them to study the public's taste. Who could tire of 'White's * Ben Bolt,' Moran's ' Gravy on tho Taters,' or the imitation of tho ' Phantom Chorus?' Wo under- stand that their stay with tis will only be two or thrco weeks lunger, and we advise everybody to avail themselves of tho oppoitunity of hearing them as often as possible before it be too late to make up for the neglect. MR. E. H. HARGRAVES.—Incomparably the most faithful likeness of the Gold Discoverer which has yet appeared, is an engraving by Mr. H. S. Sadd, from a daguerreotype by Mr. E. Hart, of George-street, livery one desirous of possessing an accurate portrait of Mr. Hargraves should not fail to secure one ; as from the supe- rior execution of the plate, and the extraordinary fidelity to the celebrated original preserved b- the engraver, it must necessarily bc in extensive demand. In connection with th'e above, we must not omit mention of a half-length portrait in oil of the Gold Discoverer, by Delohery, which we were yesterday invited to view at that gentle- man's studio in Bathurst-street. It is well wor- thy of inspection ; and from the well-known courtesy of the artist, we feel satisfied he will be happy in submitting it to private view. DOING THE PATERNAL.—It is not the case, as generally supposed, that the "postscript" of a letter or article containing the whole pith and gist of the casus scribendi must necessarily be the composition of the fairer sex ; as the follow- ing case in point clearly shews. At thc fag end of a leading article in Thursday's Herald—of which the Rev. Ralph Mansfield is the avowed editor headed, "The School of Arts," appear these words, which transparently disclose the very natural motive actuating the affectionate and talented writer :—"We cannot close this brief notice of the present state and prospects of the School of Arts without acknowledging the me- rits of the secretary and librarian, Mr. S. W. Mansfield, whose urbanity and attention to his now arduous duties have commanded general ap- probation." Our Pa has done a great deal for us in our time, but he never puffed us in print ; sure he didn't. POSTAL COMMUNICATION.—The Colonial Se- cretary said in his place in Council on Wednes- day, in reply to a question from Mr. Campbell, that a despatch had been received from the Secretary of State by the steamship "Argo," on the 19th instant, which stated that her Majesty's Government were prepared to establish an uni- form sixpenny rate of postage so soon as cir- cumstances would permit. A report on the sub- ject had been called for and furnished by the Secretary of the General Post Office, Colonel Maberly, which, however, it was obvious, must be adopted in its integrity by all the colonies, or not at all. The subject was about to be brought under the consideration of the Executive Coun- cil ; and he had no hesitation in saying, the pro- posed regulations were so much more favourable than the present ones, that there was little doubt they would be accepted. On an early day he would take an opportunity of laying the whole of the documents before the House." MILITARY BALL.—We are informed that a Ball on an unusually splendid scale will bc given by the Officers of the Garrison to Major-General Wynyard and Staff, on Wednesday evening next. It is understood that the gallant Ex- Commandcr-in-Chief will proceed to England in the "Argo" steamer, which will positively sail on the 8th proximo. COLD-BLOODED MURDER.—The new Military Barracks were the theatre of a dreadful tragedy on Monday evening last. Between the hours of seven and eight o'clock Private Patrick Crowley, seized his firelock, and deliberately shot Sergeant Pearson through the head. The unfortunate man, who was quietly reading in the barrack room, fell forward on the table at which he was seated, and instantaneously expired. The mur- derer, by some strange fortuity, contrived to evade every attempt to capture him ; and suc- ceeded in getting clear off, though hotly pursued by both the military and civilians. The deceased is said to have formerly held a commission in the service, and was generally respected by both the officers and men of the 11th Regiment. An enquiry was instituted by the Coroner on Wed- nesday into the circumstances attending the bloody deed, and adjourned until Saturday (this day). The remains of the deceased were, after being viewed by the jury, conveyed to the ceme- tery, and interred with military honors. The subsequent capture of the murderer, and his ex- amination before the Right Worshipful the Mayor, will be found in our Police Register. We have heard no cause whatever assigned for the perpetration of the crime. It is said that the murderer partook of the Sacrament on the pre- vious day. THE CITIZENS' RETURN BALL.—The Com- mittee having made the necessary arrangements, announce the above to come off on the evening of Thursday, the 11th proximo, in the saloon of the Royal Hotel. We may state that the regulations do not exclude "full dress," should parties pre- fer the same to "fancy costume." The latter, however, it is expected, will be predominant. Written applications for tickets will be received by the Secretary at the Royal Hotel, up to four o'clock p.m., on Monday next. ELECTORAL LISTS.—His Excellency the Go- vernor General directs it to he notified, that he has appointed the undermentioned Gentlemen to assist in revising the Electoral Lists, under the Act of Council 14th Victoria, No. 48, viz. :—Mo- ruya—Messrs. Thomas Forster, John Bogue, and William Trueman Collett. FOR THE RISING GENERATION.—A very use- ful and compendious compilation by Mr. Alfred Cane, entitled "Every Boy's Table Card," has just been published by that gentleman ; and which we cannot too strongly recommend to our young friends, as embracing a vast fund of arith- metical information on a small and convenient scale. MURDEROUS ATTACK UPON THE MELBOURNE GOLD ESCORT.—By the "Pirate," screw steamer, from Geelong, the 24th instant, arrived on Wed- nesday, intelligence has reached us of a san- guinary affray between a band of bushrangers and this Private Gold Escort, near Kyneton, on route from Castlemaine to Melbourne. The re- port is to the effect that the escort was attacked by a strong party of armed desperadoes ; that a regularly hand-to-hand engagement ensued, which resulted in the loss of five or six lives on either side ; and that victory declared on the side of the surviving bushrangers, who plundered the escort of some £20,000 worth of gold dust, with which they made good their retreat. No particulars of the outrage had been received in town up to the time of our going to press this morning ; but of the fact of a desperate and fatal encounter having taken place, there appears to "be no question' WAX PORTRAIT.—We have seen an excellent likeness in wax-work of Mr. Daly, the Electro- biologist, executed by Madnme Berthean, in the admirably delicate style for which this lady is so justly famed. The many lady-admirers of the handsome mesmeriser in this city have now an opportunity of possessing themselves of a melt- ing souvenir of the Adonis who so successfully "influenced" their smiles. PRESENTS FROM AUSTRALIA.—A very elegant, massive ring, of the purest virgin gold, has been presented to Alderman Greene, by Mr. William Hughes, on the part of Mr. Thomas E. Rudd—a native of Wexford, who emigrated to Sydney, New South Wales, some years back, where he now, we are happv to say, carries on the jewel- lery and watchmaking business most prosper- ously. Mr. Rudd mentions in his note that a memento of this nature from the Antipodes may not be without interest, as it was manufactured, for auld lang syne sake, with his own hands, from the native gold of the country. Mr. Hughes received a similar ring as a token of remembrance for himself, with some nuggets, gold dust, and quartz, containing the precious ore in its original state ; also a unique and beautiful snuff box manufactured out of a whale's tooth, chastely mounted, with an amethyst set in the lid, and a chased shield on the side for the arms of the owner. The interesting associations, with which these gems of the new world are surround- ed invest them with peculiar value in our eyes.— Wexford Independent. [We have much satisfaction in extracting the above paragraph from a contemporary of the Emerald Isle, inasmuch as we have the pleasure of the acquaintance of Mr. Rudd, the gentleman referred to.—EDS. B.L.S.] 