. Local and p/ovinciai Néws . THE THKATIVE.-The performances at tb« 'Victoria' during thc lust week, "consider-' ing the present strength of thc oinpany, have been most creditably sustained ; the piece of ' Macbeth somewhat removed from thu text of Shakespeare,' being received each night with continued marks of approbation. We need scarcely again recur to Itngcrs' excellent jiersuna lion of Stark ; by-thc-byej we thought on Wednesday evening Mw. Gucrin was "coming it" a la Mrs. S.ark. Whilu on the subject of the Drama, we ma* say a word or two on the per- formance of * Happing* and Table Movings,' re- cently produced, ami repeated with 'acclama- tion last evening. This farce is obviously mcaut as a burlesque on thc modern notion of table moving ; nnd so far as thc jwrformers of the Victoria oie concerned,.fa -a very successful attempt. It commences with.mysterious knock- ings,.possibly for the purpose of . arresting tho attention of the audience,, hut thc effect which it actually produces is to alarm two young ladies, mid an elderly fournie, Mrs. Marabout, who in bor trepidation, calls rather loudly, for Mr. Toots, who in accordance with the nattire'of the piece is rather a mysterious gentleman, lint nevertheless the principal actor in thu farce. Mr. Toots makci his appearance, and partially suc- ceeds in quelling tho fears of the ladies. At a later .-tage of thu proceedings, in consequence of an announcement in. the 'Times' newspaper, un American lady bf the linnie "of T.lisery . Ann Mawkins is introduced, who professen to under- stand and explain the whole mystery and theory of 'Spiritual Manifestations* i.e. 'Tabfe Móviiigí,' &c;^ awl relates several interesting cir- cumstances which have occurred iii the course of her own personal observations, A number of singular questions «re asked her, such ns-Is thc . Ghost of lindley Murray present ? Hint tire : Ghost of Hamlet's father sovcuteeii noses? Would any body present be beiicflttcd by tho apparition of the Ineoii e Tax;? After a variety of amusing incidents, among which arc thc ac \- tual moving of all thc tables, in tho r..om, to thc surprise of the company, the piece concludes by Mr. Toots recognizing in' Misery Ann Mawkins, the yankee lady, who winks through lier goggles, his wife, who liai came all the way from America to find him. Thc part of Mr. Toots is credit- ably sustained by Mr.. Bruton ; Miss M'Leun as tlie grass-widow from the States, lias evidently welt studied lier part, and gives, most happily, tlie peculiarities of tho Yankee dialect. Wc should like to seo this lady introduced into the higher walks of tho' Drama. I'rom the few op- portunities hitherto afforded us of forming an opinion, we fccl.justificd iii recording our convic- tion that she is capable of *. more." DIPLOMACY.-Tlie art of saying some- thing when you have got nothing to tay-as much as it is the art of saying nothing when you havo got something to say. His EXCELLENCY THE GOVERNOR GKh'icitAi. directs it to be notified, that he has ' nominated for appointment from tho 1st of ?January next, the following gentlemen to bo thc '? Commissioners for tlie City of Sydney, under thc ; provisions of thu Act of lue Governor and Coun 1 cit, 17th Victorin, Nos, .13, 3i, and 35, namely : Gilbert Elliott, Esquire, Chief Commissioner. Frederick Orme Darvall, Esquire, John Rae, Esquire, Commissioners — Tuesday's Gazette. THE PANAMA ROUTE.—The opening of the Panama Route, which is expected to take place in the course of the present month, will bring New Zealand nearer to England in direct distance by 1200 miles than any of the Austra- lian settlements, and place the inhabitants within a postal communication of from six to eight wcoks from London. Calculating on tho in- creased intercourse and commercial facilities likely to flow from these circumstances, a New Zealand Bank is now in course of formation, the principal establishment to be in London, with local committees in each province of the colony. A petition for royal charter, said to be numer- ously signed by landowners in New Zea- land, has been forwarded to England, and the promoters anticipate that the local legislature will grant them such, colonial priviliges as will limit the liability of the shareholders. Home News, September 8. THE WENTWORTH TESTIMONIAL. A meeting was held on Monday, at the Royal Hotel, in order to consider the most proper method of providing a testimonial to W. C. Wentworth, Esq., the member for Sydney. The Speaker with most of the members of the Legis- lative Council; and many respectable citizens were present, lt was the opinion of some, that the object of the meeting would interfere with the testimonial to the Colonial Secretary, now in progress, but being in thc minority, the business of the day was proceeded with. Mr. Murray explained his views upon the subject, and proposed that a public dinner be given to Mr. Wentworth, and a substantial testimonial which might be handed down to his children, as a constant remem- brancer of the services which he had rendered to his native land. William Bradley, Esq., M.L.C., having been called to the chair, it was pro- posed and carried that the following Committee be appointed to carry out the purposes of the meeting; namely:-Sir Charles Nicholson; Messrs. W. Bradley, I. A. Murray, J. Macarthur, G. M'Leay, G. Bowman, W. Bowman, K. Broad hurst, J. Chisholm, H. G. Douglass, R. Fitz- gerald, A. T. Holroyd, W. Macarthur, J. Martin, T. Baker, A. Morris, G. R. Nichols, A. Osborne, H. Osborne, W. II. Suttor, M.L.C.s, Messrs. J. Dulhunty, C. Irving, H. F. Watts, G. McDougall, A. L. McDougall, G. O'Brien, C. Throsby, E. W. Bell, E. K. Sylvester, G. Leary, J. Leary, A. J. M'Guigan, M. Caffrey, G. Bennett. J. Martin, Esq., and H. G. Douglass, Esq., Honorary Secretaries; T. Barker, Esq., Hono- rary Treasurer. MANUFACTURE OK PAPER IN VICTORIA. ;_Wo tire glad to perceive in.jlic Melbourne pnpers a prospectus of n company proposed to be established in that city, to bo cnllcd the Vic- toria Paper Company, for thc purpose of intro- ducing tho ninniifiictiire of paper into that colony... It is' proposed to raise a' capital of X.10,000: in .'1000 shares of Xl0 each, 10s. per share to bo valli- as'deposit with thc applications for shares, xa.pcrshnro at the timc.of executing tho deed of settlement, further culls to lie Xl per share nt a distance of nt least one month from ench other. There is little question hut that this'will form a lucrative speculation! ond it lins frequently occurred to us that the formation of a company for tho like purpose in Sydney would meet with every, ettcourngetneut mid ra- pid SI1CCCCSS. MELANCHOLY EFFECTS OF INTEMPER- ANCE.-On Thursday, information was given to tho Superintendent of Police, that a surgeon of thc name of " Lloyd," residing in King-street cast, hud been coiitiliod to his bcd for nearly a month from Hluc-s, tlic^effect of excessive intem- perance, without hayiuK^reccivcd any mcdicul assistance j and t,mt«|his "wife, from similar causes, had been confinciltttj" her bcd, in a state of insanity for tho prcvjpüs. six. weeks, entirely dependent upon the casual assistance of a female >crvunt, who brui been induced by thu neigh- bours to continue* her services to thc unfortunate ' i-oii|do. Dr. Lloyd's circumstances wore much eniliii'rnssed ; a billilli' being in pmscssiuii of what Utile property remained from previous exe- cutions. Mr. .M'Lerio . requested tho Police Mo.Moul Officer to institute. tho necessary en- quiries, and report to him what could bo dono/ for their relief. Upon that gentleman's visiting; tho house, ho ascertained that : Dr. Lh.yd had ; been coiiiined to- his bcd for three weeks ¡ hud received'no medical assistance j mid wns'greatly. debilitated, but perfectly .sensible. Ho' iidmi-i nistcred tho necessary, 'remedies, and then di-' reefed his attention to Mrs. Lloyd, with à view to her ultimate removal to. Tarban Creek. In- formation was subsequently given to tho Police, that tho servant entering Dr. Ll .yd's apartment nt 0 a m. tho following morning, discovered tho 'unfortunate' man upon his knees hy tho side of tho bcd, his face buried in tho bed-clothes, mid on tho arrivnl of a mcdicnlgcntleninii, bowns pronounced 'dead. Tho Coroner having bein ' made acquainted with tho particulars ol'the ouse, made tho necessary enquiries, but declined.hold- ing mi inquisition, deeming death to have resulted from nnturnl causes. The unfortunate widow will receive every attention that her- situation de- mands' from tho Police nuthoiities. We understand thut the deceased gentleman, wno lins been pnu-lising in these cid nies (or tho last sixteen yours, (principally in llobtirt'Towii.) was brotht'.r'to the eminent surge.>n of the saine uume, nt Bauhulemew s lli"qduil, Louden.) Tue LoxnoS- TAVEKX^hÁí.oox.-The numerous splendid structures of 'rccent, and ¡tr c >urse of, erection iu th-} city, Ilia« eiigongered a commendable ciniil.it ii-ii aiiiuiigstninny of our ; fellow- townsmen to ¡tull down, rebuild, improve, embellish, and put a new face npou their estab- lishments in order to keep pare with thc pro- gressing spirit of the thees. Prominent amongst the many, we select fur brief description the Kaloon ol' '.The London Tavern," which was thrown open by its enterprising proprietor, Mr 15. Samtiell, on Saturday evening last. The con- structor for the altcratiuns. .necessary, to accom- plish this uiidertakisg-Mr Beaumont- has achieved bis task nt a manner which redounds not only Ui his credb* as a designer, hut toa taste "and 'capacity ' of -.'exécution, we think" unequalled, certainly nsver surpassed, .by anv of his profession in the' colonies! '.' The Saloon , is entered from 'George-street through a pair'of handsome swing doors which introduce the I visitor into ku npnrtiicut "sixty feet in length, j gorge-jusly decorated in crimson mid gold.. At j the extreme cud. of the room, over a mantel- piece of colonial ruarUe, is a magnificent centre mirror, supported in tile recess on either side by an oblong glass bf exquisite adaption; and which, although ns we were informetl by Mr - Saiiiuell, a "chance pick-up" in the colonialmar ket, might well Ins sirpposed to have been -ex , prcssly imponed to occupy their present position. Beneath each of these latter stands a plain white marble slab, on elaborately curved and gilded supporters; lind "The Boyal Aniis" surmount- ing < he cen i re" mirror gives'n chaste nnd correct finish to tho-whole.',. A-handsome-framed and \- moulded cedar wainscoting is carried around the apartment, happily contrasting with the crims n flock paper of the -walls - of. the richest and deepest style and shade. A dome in thu centre admits -light' and'' ventilation, in addition to the windows and fly-sashes over the doors. The room is tastefully hung with valuable paintings, of which n any will be recognized by sporting visitants fran the old county, and which, it will bc recollected, decorated thc worthy host's lute hostclrie. ".The Liverjiool Arms." The effect hy gas-light is brilliant in the extreme. Twelve gowerfnl jet» of gas -six on either side- illumine the Saloon; their lustre subdued by chrystalized bcll-gla«sesaud shades-tho whole harmonising tn a degré», and casting a genial and-cheering light throughout. Mr Constable may ' pride himself upon liuving done ample-justice to both Contractor and owner, in his particular depart- ment. . On the sever*! tables are to be found the latest eily, colonial, and European periodical?, for the regular provision ' of which, Mr Samuel, has maile arrangements. The crying want of a Nows Boora in Sydney; will hereby in a measure bo relieved. Having other visits to pay. ?as we purpose a ramble round the city in search ot improvements, we will only add that Sam nell's -Saloon deserves to take-prominent piuco amongst tho favorite rendesran« of the commercial ]>ortion of the community, and may propcrly lie classed amongst tho " lions" of the metropolis. STKEET CoxynnsATiON*. - Thomas "Anything nea- to-day ?" William-"Nothing of any consequence. O'Neill Brenan, Ksq., has been mado Slieritf." Thomas-" Indeed ! Poor Purcfoy." William-" Poor Pnrcfuy ! Poor!! not ut till t he sold a thousand pounds' worth of land, well, tho other day." Thomas-" Ca- pital- iona fat*- it certainly was not ft sherie's sale ?" William shakes his head and departs. WHAT HAVE BECOME OF OUU Gor.n FIELDS ? - The reports from our Northern, Southern, and Western gold Heids, as published by our contemporaries tho Maitland Mercury, tlie Goulburn Herald, and the JJattm>tt Free Prêts, have 'dwindled away into silence. Our last exchanges of each of thé above journals con- tain not a single line or allusion having refer- ence to our gobi mines, nnd readers may seek In vain in their cola nins for nny truce of such being tu existence. Wo' observe as a somewhat re- markable coincidence, that the time- back te- diously lengthy dispatches from correspondents at the Victoria ilclds to the Melb urne press nre also growing "small by degrees and beautifully less." Hos tho gold so soon ceased to interest our contemporaries, and have they Inst nil i'omñlern tion for the cariosity of strangers ? j H.vTitKR AWKWARD.-On Thursday, a case came on for hearing before the Police Magistrate, in which Mr. J. O'Neill Brenan up *pcArcd as prosecutor, the chargo against the de- fendant bein}* that of stealing timber from thc magnificent (lorrain of Garry-owcn. In his de- position Mr» J. O'Neill Brenan swore that thc estate and titulier of Garry-owcn were his own property, and though close-pressed upon this particular point, stuck to it with national perti- nacity. Garry-owcn senior, who was scated at the advocates' table during thc investigation, sneezed thrice at this startling allegation of thc offspring of his loins, scratched his wig, fixed his eye-glass, smelled his carnation, mid rose to the rescue :-" 1 beg to correct my son-tho estate of Garry-owcn, strictly speaking, Is in thc 'hands of trustées." Garry-owcn junior, blushed scarlet, nnd like a discomfited geranium found himself plucked. Thc case was of course dismissed. TIIE GALLOWS, IN MELBOURNE.-Thc last execution in Melbourne, that of a man named Smith, capitally convicted of being ac- cessory to a rape, nnd hurried to tho scaffold within seven days of his trial, has drawn forth some severe animadversions in thc local press, not only against the sanguinary penal codo, hut its administrator on this occasion-Mr. Justice Willian.s. We happened to be present nt thc trial of _ thc uultappy mun, and so for as our humble judgment went, were so far impressed with thc many mitagatory, not to say doubtful, features of thc case, thnt we left thc'Court pet suaded that thc extremo ]icnnlty of thc law would not be enforced. It would ullin st appear ns though thc hideous eugine of death had become so familiarized to thc judges of tho sister Colony, os to excite in them little or no repugnance to its opemtiou as a panacea for all crime. . The whole circumstance.'' connected with the trial and execu- tion of Smith arc such as to excite the liveliest feel- ings of disgust and h -rror, mid, asa correspondent ot one of our Mell), ni ne contemporaries well ob- serves, imperatively, demand, enquiry elsewhere. THE ROYAL HOTEL BAZAAR. - Mr Morkill, formerly, of the firm of Garside and \- Morkill, has entered into a spirited spéculation I which certainly dcsoivcs to prosper. Ho has' j taken n large portion of the KoyolJIotel for thc . purpose pf converting it into. a Bazaar, with' a I promenade and other adjuncts, calculated to render it one of thc most attractive lounges in i tlie metropolis. Tho place is being fitted up in a i remarkably tasteful mid expensive manner ; and so satisfied aro thc shopkeepers of Syd noy of the successful result that thu whole of tho stalls ure already absorbed. In all probability it will be opened to thc public in thc course of next week, as the indefatigable proprietor is making every exertion to accomplish the point. Thu fitting up and decorations are", under tho supcriiitcu . deuce of Mr Charles F. I lemington, whoso taste In. these matters is acknowledged, to bu if a very high character. ' TKAVKI.LIXO IN ENOLAND AS« NEW SOUTH WALKF.-By a curious calculation for which we nie iudeb'ted to Mr A. Havïsj wh° re- turned to tho c lony in the /Joiitinion,_arrivcd on Saturday last, we find 'thnt ho - was .absent from tho colony ' ttinc months and three days, being precisely two months and twenty seven davs less n period than that occupied by a cele- brated tragedian of our acquaintance ^in. ti journey to'Parramatta and-fti»r/t. fWe havcbccif confidentially informed by'Mr Keinblc, thal ho liiis received" tho private opinion bf Lord Abinger upon thc subject of IIIB annoying detention in Parramatta, and that the/ learned judge is dis- tinctly of opinion that such detention was illegal.; Wc have not heard ' whether . it is Mr ICcmble's intention to move foi' a now trial.] t Wc may men . tion, by tho way, thnt Mr Davis lind an and ie née with tho Secretary of State--'s coachman, nt which several important knotty points'rclntive to Ileteo-trnlia were adjusted.' Mr Davis likewise inspected thu encampment nt Chobhain, having undertaken the herculean tusk of counting the troups, adding them up us they filed before him in single colnmn. In this Mr Davis, singular to re- late, was unsuccessful, which lie attributes to.'tin) rapidity of thc evolution's of tho battalions. ? Rlj Davis's offer to the comninndèr of tho forces to "trv nguiu,'* was courteously declined* "it is the general opinion that bad thé I'ominion nrrived ii fortnight earlier, the Victoria Theatre would have mi fallen lb tim let ol' its Inte puiTlmseis, \- '. . .... ... ' . '",. .". -.'.;< \- Mit G. Rt N|EHOLSS¿-O'úr renders v^ill ' learn with'regret tjint the medical advisers of tho. honprabfo member for (he Northumberland, boroughs, have expressly.' banned his resuming j Iiis Jêgislatorinl duties during tho' present session. ! The Ferions indisposition under which their talented representative has so long sutFcrcd, hut from which, wc are rejoiced to say, he is slowly : but surely recovering, will be doubtless deeply ! sympathized jn hy Iiis constituency, by whom Iiis j faithful stewardship "has ever been Cordially and deservedly recognized. STEALING SIX IU'XDRE» Poirsns.-A man' named Thomas Webber wns under cxnminn t tion at tho Fi dire Office forseveral davs, charged with having stolen twelve Dfty poimd'notcs fr.-m j thc person of Joseph Beardmore, au elderly digger,.who had been exceedingly. li.cky.in his j search nRer"gold. " When Wébber'wns'arrcsted by Inspector. Singleton, two gold watches, with chains anti seals attached, several other valuable articles^ of jewellery, and £25 were round in his lvosscssion. Beoxdmorc reached Sydney from Melbourne in tho "Waratah." on the 27th ult., j having in bis carpet bag 171bs. OOM. Tdwts. of I gold dust.. Webber was a passenger on board ' thc vessel ; they exchanged a few words on j j the passage, but were otherwise-unknown, to ¡ j.each other. However, when the steamer reached Sydney, tiley went together to the Gold Diggers' Arms, at tho comer of. Kent and Kn-kinc-strcets, und secured lodgings there. On the following j day they proceeded to tho bullion omeo of Mr Nash, and that gentleman bought Beardmore's gold for £811 4s. Cd. He gave him twelve £50 notes of tho Commercial Bank, and ill sove- reigns. Beardmore then went to secure a placo in tlie Goulburn conch, but could not obtain one, soho returned with Webber to tho Gold Dig- gers' Arms, where they had some wino together, when tho latter proposed n joint visit to the j Theatre, which Beardmore, deeltttcd on nccouut ¡ of having so much money with him. Webber shortly afterwords left the house, whilst Beard- more remained drinking uutil nearly 12 o'clock ! at night, when Mr Nends, ono of the owners of the inn, sa.v him up to his bedroom, in which another old mau was sleeping. Webber returned about a quarter past 12, and went to bed in tho i same room, lie had not been long there ere lie j called to Mr Ncads, and said that he could not Ísleep comfortably until it was ascertained ivhc ther BeardmoYe brui nil his money safely about him. Mr Neails and his partner, assisted by Webber, searched Beardmore, and YVcbbcr drew , from his (Beardmore's) coat pucket 201-sove- reigns. Webber declared that he ought to have twelve £50 notes; but these, though strictly scached for, could not ho found. Beardmore did not mi-s tho money till tho noxt day, when he went to Mr Nash in order to obtain the num- ber of the notes, but that gentleman had no re- cord of them. Ho recommended Beardmore f> report his los? to Inspector Singleton. That official on hearing thc circumstances, set to Work, and discovered tho bag iii which tho notes had been carried in tho water-closet, and traced the steps of Webber to a public house whore He was seen with three or four £50 ii'tes, and offering to bet largely on a spoiling event on thc topis. Tho prisoner was defended by Messrs Brenan and Roberts. He was committed to take his trial nt thc next Central Criminal Court, Ids attorneys declining to tuy anything in his defence till thc trial. TESTIMONIAL TO THE COLONIAL SE- CRETARY-.-The subscription lists uro being ra- pidly filled np, presenting a goodly nrrny of sub- stantial names and sums, and on their" closing, we have little doubt but that the amount will be worthy both of tho donors and of thc rcci- j piont. CORONER'S INQUESTS.-On Wednes- day au inquest was held Ivcfore the Coroner nt the Painters' Arms, Castlcrcagh-strect, on thc body of M. Edmondson, then lying dead in the same street. The deceased-was'it hawker, of in- temperate habits, and for tho last three months had .bcon completely shattered by drink, He lived by himself in Castlercngh-strect, and was discovcivri by lils woshcrwoui on the: morning of Wednesday, lying ou a stretcher, covered with blood, and quito dead. A razor was found by bj« sido with lilith he bad made Bil incision iii his tin ont from cur to car which caused his death. Thc jury after hearing tho testimony of Dr. Houston returned a verdict to tile effect that the deceased had destroyed himself whilst labor- ing under temporary iñsaility produced by eon st'int drunkenness.-A second inquest was held nt thc Golden FIcocc, George-street south, on tho body of Bridget Woodward. The de- ceased wh i lind lived on Bricklleld Hill, was an habitual drunkard. Iii her fits of intemperance, her Children, two sons awl a (laughter, were in the habit of beating her most cruelly. Dr. Silver was culled in to seo thc deceased on Monday ; she Was then iii find any murks of violence on her body sufficient t'i cause dcath^ although there were several livid spots upon it. produced by blows vt kicks. In his opinion death' had resulted from a disease of the heart produced by iutcmiicrancc. Thc jury returned a verdict to tluit effect ; and lidded a rider expressive of their disgust nt the disgraceful conduct ofthe children.-Another inquest wns held at C> ok's Uiver, on thc body of DcWis I remy Cox, un infant two and a half years old From tho cviilcncei of thc motbey it appeared that thc child met its death by accidental!}' fall- ing into a boiler of scalding water. Thc jury returned a verdict accordingly.--Another, in- quest was held on Thursday at thc Sir Maurice O'Connell, Inn, Hunter- street, on the qódy of Mary Cox. Thc deceased and her liu-hniiri were 1 riging in that street, for tho last week, during which timo neither of them had been sober. On Tuesday she abstained from spirits, but on Wed- nesday "evening she wns found dead in her chair. Dr. Bennett bud previously attended her ; she was laboring under delirium tremens, and he prescribed the usual remedies in such cases. In I Iiis opinion death had resulted from iiitcmi>crntc j habits. The jury returned . a verdict to that effect. " SUCH A PRETTY LITTLE BOY."-For thc hist three months a young gentleman of thirteen, John Turner liv name, was iii the em- ploy of Messrs Woolcott ' and Clarke, tho ? woll known print sellers ntid stationers of. George street, and during that tillie John Turner ex- hibited nil the demureness ol'a dozing cut. whilst beneath this wns a strnta of foxlike ciuh'mihg: A few days since Mr Wotlcott dreamt a dream, and :its" interpretation on waking wns, that there wns less silver in the till than there ought to bc. nnd he began to suspect that John Turner had becöiuo a' turn-over to his own account. On Thursday ho despatched the young gentleman on an err and, mid immediately after his depar- ture he missed ono half crown, with his own initials stamped on it, from tho till. Mr W. put on tits lint, mid tracked thc youth to tho General Washington public house, " whoro ho observed him changing the identical coin, for ono glass of sherry and two shillings. John Turner' turned palo on-witnessing his master; confessed his guilt, nnd-pleaded for forgiveness. Ho then ?undo thc alarming disclosure to his master, that during tho thrco months he had taken from eight to eleven shillings from the~ till daily, which he lind expended for tho most part at" thc c nfec tioners, and fruiterers' shops in thc neighbour- hood. John Turner was handed over to thu poli.-c, and yesterday brought bofore tho Bench, who, after hearing thc above particulars, dis- charged John Turner with a homily upon the seve-e pennltii attached' to stcnling, which, (aw -ful to relato ! ! !) was, that his aunt do enter into recognizances fi r him to bc honest for tho next three months. At the oxi'irution of that period, of course, John Turnor will bc at liberty, to tnrn ,ovcr n now leaf, or call upon his relation to .throw her protecting shawl . over him. .This de- cision is rntlior pleasant and satisfactory for tho. employers of: hoy, beg : j'ardon, youug-geiitlc mon-labonr. . WHAT ARE THE ODDS; AGAINST A FAVORAJJI.B .ANSWER?-Mr Wentworth in his place in Council, on Wednesday, remarked that ,as it appeared to bo thc wish of honorable' mem- bers, that tho salary of tho' Govcrnor-Gcncrnl should'bo increased to £10,000, tittil ns this alteration could-not bo carried.out' without a reference to His Iíxcellcncy.'ho woiild give notice that ho would move a,il address to His Hxccllcnry .pro v«»f/. that tho salary, of tho Governor-General ; might bc increased to £10,000.'.; Jf/'the^iuisiycr jp tiiis'should bo'/iit'oru&M-;,1 "lo'would'moye tho rc-commitfál of thu bill with' n vfeiy töthcöhiettjtl ment of the schedule. The honorable nnd .learned member might have added: " If thc answer to this be unfavorable, I will cut wy hat," THE HON. MRS KEITH STEWART. The Hon. Captain and Mrs Keith Stewart and family, will sail for England tomorrow morning in the Talavera, Captain Scott. A .magnificent pair of bracelets, a brooch of exquisite work manship, and a chastely designed ring set with pearls from the Moreton Bay district, the whole manufactured of Australian gold, by Mr Lork- ing, of George-street, were in the early part of the week presented to Mrs Stewart, as a parting testimonial of regard and affectionate remem brance by the ladies of her acquaintance. - That the good ship Talavera may bear her precious freight safely and speedilv to her destination, is a prayer to which we feel assured the whole colony will respond. APPOINTMENTS - His Excellency" "tile Go-" vernor General lias appointed Mr Richard Barr Registrar of tho Court for thal'ocovery'of Small bebts;'Edward Rogers, Esq., "Clerk of the Peace for the County of Cumberlutid," to be CIerk of the Peace of Goulburn; Sergeant Muj.jr Kd ward Giles, of the Gold'Policc, to bo> Inspector of slaughter Houses, and of Cattle intended to bc slaughtered at and: in thc nciboui hood of Sofala. . RETURN- THANKS.-" Mr Stubbs, the Inspector of Nuisances,", in gratefully acknow- ledging the satire of Mir Terence Aubrey Mur- ray, in his place in Council, avails himself of thc period intervening before the upsetting of tho Habeas Corpus Act by Mr Martin, to present him with nu epitaph, which, after Mr T.' A. Murray's final retirement from his legislative and sheep-sltcaring labors, may be found of service to bis executors:-" " We've all heard of the Sotyrs-those monsters of note, With thc head of a man, and thc legs, of a i goat; .. . . But here lies a Satyr, that all docs surpass, . With the shauks of a sheep, and the head of an ass." FASHIONABLE INTELLIGENCE. .-Po- liceman Regan walked for some time on Sunday last in the vicinity of William-street, Wooloo" mooloo, and in thc evening transacted business at,the St. James Stat ion-house. LATEST CITY NEWS.-The gcntletnan whose memory : proved unfaithful to . him has instituted proceedings for a divorce.-Our King-street contemporary, who attempted tu steal a march upon us, has been fully committed for trial.-Thc individual who successfully struggled with his feelings is open to make ano- ther match. [The wretched perpétrât ir of the above, at an early hour this morning, in a tit of spiritual insanity, cut.hts jocular vein from here ot- Wooloomooloo.] 