LETTER .OBVTBE REV. DR. CAHILL, ' v TO THE RIGHT HON. THE BAHX OF DERBVi i New Brighton, Saturday, Oct. 21at, 1852* My Lord Earl — Some few months ago .our gracious Queen , in a speech from tho throne, very emphatically announced her royal determination to 'uphold the principles of the Protestant Church, and she called on her servants there assembled in her presence to assist her in maintaining the liberties of the Protestant constitution. There must be, my lord, in'the royal mind, some hidden fear of this Church being in danger, in, order to account for the large space which this idea has taken up in the royal oration. If this declaration had been made hy your lordship, or by any one of the present.minis-. iirir itt iwniild Rtiil rnmmand an imnnrtant ftt.fpntinn ? but when it proceeds from the head of your Church ? — from the ecuminical source of all Protestant truth, it comes before the world invested with all the reali ties of parliamentary gravity and English history. For the first time in my life I do agree with the sentiments deduced from a royal speech ; and I do therefore believe that your Church is in imminent danger at the present moment, and I believe, more eveiy thai neither her mo3t gracious Majesty, with1 .. all her royal power, nor Lord John Russell, with the -base' Wigs, nor your lordship, with the most judi cious combination of Whig and Tory with your skill 5n parliamentary chemistry can produce, will be able to stay much longer the downfall of an institution ?which is a libel on God's Gospel, a fortress of public injustice, and the' scandalous disturber of our national peace. The danger to be apprehended, hswever, will not proceed, in the first Instance, from an external enemy I it will come from her own long internal rottenness : and the public shame and the \- public common sense, and the public indignation, will soon be seen struggling for the mastery in level ling with the earth, and eradicating from the soil this anti-Christian monster, which has been reared on the plundered food of the widow and the orphan, and which now makes its enormous daily meals and annual feasts on the life-blood of the entire nation. The long silence of the Catholics under your shame ful and shameless calumnies, and our superhuman ' endurance under savage parliamentary insults and lies, such as are actually unknown in any other coun \- try in the whole world, have had the effect of en couraging our insatiable enemies, in place of miti gating their fanatical ferocity. The oblivion which our writers have cast in charity over the first flagrant iniquities of your Church has been misuuderstood by your professional bigots, who, like a swarm of locusts crowd every thoroughfare in the empire, enabling the passenger of all nations to read, in the malig nant denomination of their brows, that the hatred of Catholicity, the fury of unappeaseable malignity, and not the mild spirit of Christianity, is the predomi nant feeling of their hearts and the very mainspring of their entire conduct. The Catholic public, too, have forgotten the early pedigree of the Reformation and have, therefore, considerably relaxed in their watchfulness against their deadly foes ; and hence the public mind must be again roused to a universal re sistance against a cengregation of calumniators who not content with living on the piunder of our an cestors, are engaged, year after year, in maligning their victims, spreading abroad unoharitableness, ' disturbing- the public national peace, and positively, and without any doubt, damaging tbe name and maternal interests of England throughout the entire world. As Lord John -Russell and your lordship have been the principal promoters of this strategic Evangelism, I have decided on addressing to you twelve letters on the subject just referred to. They shall be divided into three sections, in which I shall prove beyond all doubt, firstly, the unscriptural enor mities and the theological incongruities of these Pro testant principles which you say are now endan- gered ; secondly, I shall demonstrate beyond all committed the largest crime of plundering the poor ever recorded in history ; and thirdly I shall enume rate, to the satisfaction of every impartial man, the historical records by which this Church is charged of spilling more blood of innocent, and defenceless, and unoffending Catholics than has ever been shed by tbe most ruthless tyrant that ever crimsoned the page of human woe. In the treatment of this subject I wish to inform you that I mean no offence to the present generation of generous-hearted, honest Eng lishmen : my charges are not against individuals, tut against the anti-Christian system of which they are made the wretched dupes. Nor shall I found my observations upon exclusively Catholic authority or on hearsay, however respectable the testimony, or on loose historical assertion. I shall quote all my proofs from your own grave historians, from the Protestant Synods of Germany, Switzerland, Hol land, and France ; and I shall complete my demon strations from the acts of the English parliament. I shall not confine my views on the horrors of your evangelical system to Great Britain and unfortunate Ireland. I shall trace them through northern and central Europe ; and I shall place before the Chris tian world the clear fact, viz., that in whatever coun try Protestantism has been introduced in the room of Catholicity, there may be traced all the madden ing disorders which have ever accompanied and fol lowed it, namely,ferocious bigotry, relentless perse cution, sanguinary atrocities, social disunion, and the universal wasting public brand, of beggary and national distress, graven by the ruthless bigot on the heart, and the bones, and the marrow of the wretched subdued Catholic. And if I shall fulfil faithfully these my preliminary promises; there is no honourable English or Irish Protestant (who will take the trouble to read my proofs), who can as a scholar, a gentleman, and a Christian, be reason ably angry with me for exposirg to the public indig 'nation a system calling itself the Gospel of Christ, and which on examination, will be found an iniqui tuous aggregate of hypocrisy, lies, rebellion, spoliation, murder, and blasphemy. I own it re quires much deliberate reflection before these grave charges should be made against your national Church, nud addressed to so exalted a personage as the Earl of Derby, I feel this responsibility, and 1 ully conceive my position; but I again repeat my charges; and I shall forfeit all claim to truth, if I do not perfectly substantiate every point I have adduced. It is with feelings of tremulous, confusion that the historian of the present day will even attempt to write the details of the crimes of this infamous band of anti-Christian monsters ; and hence we can des cribe what must have been the bewildering, the shocking, the racking woes of the persecuted past generation which witnessed and bled under their terrific realities. The first unparalleled imposture which ' the Reformation' invented, and which it has practised to this day, was the self- appointment and selfcon secration of Henry VIII, to assume the. title of 'Head of the Church,' One might suppose that a man who robbed the convents of Englishmen to the amount of millions of money, built and secured by the ancient laws of the realm, would be ashamed to appear before his countrymen stained, as his character was, with this public profanation ; one might believe that a monster who had divorced three wives and beheaded two (one of them probably his own daughter), would be afraid to let the eye of mortal to see his bands reeking with the blood of of mankind, if such a demon succeeded in escaping the arm of public justice or the hand of the revenging assassin, he fled from human intercourse to bury his guilty bead and racking conscience in the lonely cell of perpetual penance, in order to expiate the thrilling enormity of his black crimes. But your apostle, the first head of your Church, seemed rather to rise than sink by his iniquities ; they appear rather to qualify than incapacitate your Gospel founder of his exalted spiritual post ; and. hence he stands before your tabernacle with his red hands lifted in prayer to God ! yes—in prayer to God — your accredited proto-apostle — your appointed Bishop, and your consecrecrated Pope! — the guar dian of innocence — the model of virtue — the terror of vice — the teacher of Gospel truth— the ornament of religion— the standard of evangelical perfection ! —the infallible guide to Heaven— the successor of Apostles, and the Vicegerent of Christ himseif on earth .' He appointed and consecrated himself (Act, Par. 1532) Pope and head of the Church; and he appointed Tom Cromwell (Act 1533) bis '? vicegerent in spirituals ';' and he gave him, as his vicar - general, a commission, with nineteen subcommis sioners named by his ' English Holiness,' to report on the discipline, and moral conduct, and faith of all the Religious Orders of England ? The only parallel that could be devised to equal this incom prshensible farce on Christianity would be. to see the Devil ascend the Mount where .Our Lord delivered His first sermon, and to hear him address the multi tude on the eight beatitudes in mimicry of Our Saviour, without any attempt during his discourse to conceal either his ' cloven foot or his tail' from tbe congregation. Do you wonder, Sir, why we Catho lics laugh and shudder at this your first Hierarchy? Can you be surprised why learned Catholics trembles at this blasphemy of the Holy Ghost, this mockery of Christianity, this jesting with God, this sporting with the Gospel, this jibing with damna tion ? There is nothing like this scene of palpable mimicry of Christ and the Apostles to be found in the entire record of the most insane infidelity. It surpasses in atrocious and tragic infamy anything that has ever happened in the whole world, and it stands before all mankind as the first page in the charter of your religion, the inauguration of your Hierarchy, and the undoubted source of 'the Reformation.' There were many faithful courageous Englishmen who resisted this monstrous iniquity ; and if you wish to learn their names, go to the prisons of your apostle where thousands of your countrymen died in confinement ; go to glorious France, where hundreds of your relatives fled for safety, and, 6:r, go to the reeking block, where you can read in the martyred blood of the illustrious More, the venerable Fisher, and in the shameful murder of the noble lady, the Countess of Slaisbury. Read, Sir, there the origin of your creed, the law of your Gospel, and the decalogue of your ethicks. If these astounding scenes were enacted under the excitement of mere popular or mere political fury, they should not find a place in this letter to your lordship, which is intended for the discussion of the religious foundation of your Church ; but they were the acts of Henry as your Ecclesiastical superior — (see act)— they were executed in the name and under the sanction of this new Church as such—they were agreed to by the Drummonds, and the Russells, and the Derbys of that day of English infamy, and in the preambles of the acts of parliament the assembly sat in delibera tion ' in the spirit of the Holy Ghost,' and hence these acts of Henry form, without contradiction, a record of your Ecclesiastical jurisdiction, and not of your political history. There is no generous, candid English Protestant at the present day who, I believe does not blush at the recital of these atrocities, and yet he lives contentedly and unconsciously under the very same Hierarchical law is governed by the reigning monarch as the head of the Church, pays religious obedience in Faith and morals to the persons called, appointed, and commissioned to lead men's souls to Heaven, and all this by virtue of the royal preroga tive as the sunreme spiritual authoritv of the realm. Take away the crimes of your first founder, and your present system is perfectly the same — namely, human commission, human jurisdiction in the kingdom of Christ - You might as well apply the laws of gravitation to the soul as to adopt a temporal rule to produce the spiritual results of grace. You might as well tell the world that original sin is remitted in Baptism according to the laws of hydrostatics, as to assert that the Queen or King of any country can give ex-officio a commission to save the souls of their subjects. It is the monarch alone of that spiritual kingdom who can frame its laws, appoint his officers, give them authority, define their duties, and decide rewards and punishments ; and this leads me to examine this principle of supremaey in the reign of Edward VI. Mr. Cobbett has already glanced at this subject ; but Mr. Cobbett was no theologian ; I am : and he confined his views to England. I shall extend mine to every country in Europe where your Gospel has been preached; and I hereby humbly request of the ambassadors of the Catholic courts now resident in London (to each of whom I shall send a copy of this letter), that they will so far have mercy on Ireland as to publish my proofs in each of their capitals, in order to inform their nations of the insatiable injustice exercised towards us by the cruelty of the English goverment and to' warn their countrymen of the danger of permitting English missionaries and 'English spies to reside amongst them, calumniating their creed and revolutionizing their laws. One can scarcely avoid bursting out into a com mingled torrent of indignation, contempt, and horror against a band of plunderers, infidels, and assasins, who, in the face of civilized Europe, could set up a child of ten years of age as Pope the Second, thus placing the nation in a position of spiritual ruin, and perpetuating the mad apostacy of the last reign. This, my lord, is a new practical spiritual. phase of your Church* In the late reign the King proclaimed himself Pope -a born Bishop— an Apostle in swaddling clothes— coming into the world with a mitre on his head— the inspiration of the Holy Ghost transmitted to him from his father Henry, like freehold property—the grace, of God running into the childs pure blood -by- virtue of the character and ecuminical position of his father—and, like a child born with a wooden leg, holding the crozier in his new born hand, and wearing the mitre on his apostolic hereditary head ! Lord Derby, are you serious in belonging to a system of such disgusting, incomprehensible folly ? You might as well assert that a hawk could beget a whale as that a Bishop could be naturally eloborated from the blood of Henry VIII. ' But this is not all, this child-Pope made the ' Book of Common Prayer,' and almost entirely drew up the Thirty-nine Articles of what is called your creed. And what renders the thine- so utterly shameful is that this weak sickly boy never perhaps, saw the book or read one of the articles referred to ; so that this principle of the headship of the Church, which, in itself, is so ludi crous, is, besides all this a most monstrous, notorious, palpable He, as the baby-Pope, who is said to be head has actually, and in point of fact, no more part in his reformation-jugglery than the Grand Turk. The idea of a child making articles of Faith and composing prayers, through an act of Parliament as head of Christ Church, is so palpably ridiculous, that the Catholic at once asks you — ' what insan ity has comeover you to leave a learned old Pope and a council of Bishops .in order to follow a child in a cradle and a sena'e of shopkeepers.' You decide religion as you decide the duty in your manufacture ; you settle the way to Heaven as you fix the direction of a turnpike road— namely, by a majority of votes and in the face of mankind you set up a baby in a cradle as tLe expounder of the Gospel, although it cannot read ; as the teacher of the Gospel, although it cannot speak ; and as the head of your Church in all its duties although it has not got one idea in its head of any one thing in the world ! ! But the principle has to be examined in a new astounding third phase, viz. :— After tke death of Edward it is to be seen residing in a young woman of six-aml»twenty years of age ; of course, she, too, is the sanctified descendant of the first head, Pope Henry. She, too, it seems, inherits her father's sanctity ; but the inspiration of the Holy Ghost does not fall upon her till the mature apostolic age of twentv- six. Blessed family ! to have men, women. and children, all born apostles— angels of grace. This lady- Pope — this royal Nun — this consecrated virgin, was the person who completed the inspira tion of the far-famed Thirty-nine Articles of your Faith, not more than ten of which any educated res pectable Protestant can conscientiously believe. Some of them are contradictory, others absurd, and two or three of them impossible. Yon my lord, who are so deeply read in canon law as to see heresy in our cravats, and ' to read the violation of your constitutional laws in our shoes and hoisery, will you say how many of thsse articles do you believe ? I never knew any Protestant who had such a capa cious draught. Lord John Russell, althongh a Pres byterian, Puseyite, a Methodist, a Protestant, and a Pagan (as he has expunged Baptism), does not per haps believe from the five creeds of his so many as these Thirty-nine Articles of godliness. I believe it to be true, my lord, that — like the razors made to sell and not to shave— -these articles are made more for show than devotion. Excuse me, my lord, if I at that present moment smile in your face at seeing your name enrolled in such an incongrous, insane system of absurdity, imposture, and infidelity. But my lord, I am not quite done with this young lady Pope. There is a new feature in her aposfcoiic reign, which we learn from an act of parliament passed in the year 1751, and in the thirteenth year of her reign, to which I refer you. In this act passed by her parliament of Englishmen (manufacturers of their faith) and subscribed of course, by her holy hand as head of your Church, it was enacted (Christ protect us !) that the crown of England should des cend, if she had no lawful heirs, to her ' natural issue.' Do you blush, Lord Darby, to see the crown of Alfred and Edward given by your evangelical senate to such ' an issue.' by act of parliament .' Do you blush to see the head of your Church subscribe a public law of her own pnblic shame ! signing her hand manual to an act which would degrade the most infamous inmate of the lowest of your London brothels — haunts of pollution ! I fancy il was this act of parliament which Mr. Drummond read on the night when he spewed the filth of his Reformation creed on the spotlesss consecrated Catholic virgins of Europe. He mistook them for the virgin head of your Church ; he did — the wretched old Reformer — he did mistake them ; and in his filthy language he was protected by the Speaker, and thus applauded by the whole senate of England. I say, Sir, he was —and Catholic Europe should nevei forget this insult offered to their honour, their morality, and their creed. My lord, what do you now say, so far as I have gone as yet, to the early foundation of your ' Reformed Church !' Amidst the records of the human race there is a sense of shame in the most abandoned which prompts them to conceal their per- sonal crimes, wretches who have lost every' virtue and are immersed in every vice, have still left in their black hearts one small remnant of untainted nature' —namely, the inward feeling of condemnation of their own guilt. It is so in the most degraded wretch who expiates on the scaffold the enormities of a long obdurate life ; it is particularly so in woman, whose fine , nature can never be utterly trampled out by vice but with her life.. And hence, when we find a Queen of a most powerful- empire',, the' head of a Church calling itself Christian, in the face of man kind at the age of forty-nine, summon a parliament to make her prospective shame legal by English law ; and, when we beheld herself in person sign tho record of her own crime, she stands before the world the vilest miscreant, the most abandoned wretch, the most shameless monster in woman form that has ever stained- the profligate records of either ancient or modern infamy. We have borne your calumnies too long in chari- table forbearance — we have abstained those many years past from repeating the anti-Christian, the scandalously-incongruous tenets of your abhorrent - creed — we bave carefully kept from the hands of the rising generation of Ireland the record of your Church infamies— we have actually robbed our Irish children of the history of their fathers in order to maintain peace with you ; but you have outraged our - endurance— you and your Church party, both Whig and Tory, have aided in calumniating us with an indecency of falsehood that makes even bigotry blush, and you have forced us to come forward against our inclination to recommence the exposure of your blood-stained creed, which will end assure as I am penning these lines, in tbe overthrow of this iniquitous Establishment, and, perhaps, in the degradation of your country. We shall no longer be silent on a system of religion where your piety is vice, where your gospel is imposture, and where the charter of your creed is hypocrisy, shame and sin. In order to meet the objection ' that these acts of parliament had reference to the political, the religi ous, not prerogative of Elizabeth,' I subjoin the words'of the Synod of London : — '' The- sovereign government of all her subjects lay and clerical, belongs to her in all matters, without beidg sub jected to any foreign power.' Having thus glanced at the principle of the supremacy of your monarch, the next point in the regular order of your Hierarchy is tbe ludicrous variety of your confessions of Faith. Fro, the year 1530 to the year 1557, Protestantism has issued not leas than eighteen confessions of Faith—all different, and varying, not only in general principles, but contradictory in most of the articles of Faith, and contrary, on the same points of belief, in not less , than four essential dogmas of Christianity, Your confessions of Faith are as follows: — Augsburg, 1530 ; Genoa, 1531 ; France, 1534 ; Melancthon's Apology, 1535 ;' Scotch Confession, 1536 ; Smlacald i537 ; Dort, 1541 ; Czenger, 1543 ; Sendoroar, ? 1546 ; Saxonic, 1551 ; Wurtemberg, 1552 ; Book of Concord, 1556 ; Explicatious repeated,. 1557, Now, my lord, if any one of our theories in chemistry in reference to the analysis or the product of any chemical agents, underwent eighteen different con tradictory and contrary demonstrations, 19 there any science-scholar in the whole world who would take' his oath, that all these contrary theories were right ; and, moreover, who would hang, behead, and quarter any one who should refuse to take his oath in the same contrarieties ? And if this doctrine in science would make all mankind shudder, will you say in what language shall I attempt to explain your Faith, which ascribes to the inspiration of the Holy Ghost eighteen different systems of the grossest lies, the most palpable contradictions, and absurd contrarieties ? If the meanest man in Great Britain were charged with wilful prevarication on his oath in his statemeut on eighteen different asser tions, he would be branded as a debased wretch, a public perjurer ; and hence to ascribe this conduce to the Holy Ghost, in your eighteen sworn confes signs of Faith, is a depth of blasphemy, a hardihood of insane iniquity beyond the comprehension of the impartial observer : but like an old juggler swallow ing a dozen of razors at a time a feat which would kill twelve ordinary men — your long habit of unpunished infidelity has accustomed you to stand before the gates of Heaven, and call God a liar to His face. Saint Paul, endeavouring to express to us unity of Faith, could find no other image by which he could convey his belief, except by likening' it to the unity of God, in that remarkable passage o£ Holy Writ, where he writes to the Ephesianar— oDe 'one Lord, one Faith, one Baptism.' As this language is bo clear, it follows that there cannot exist in true Faith any change, contradiction, or contrariety, any more than in the very being of God; andit follows, moreover, from the clear logic of the text, that two or more Faiths are just as absurd as two or more Gods. But what signifies Elizabeth, and what value can be attached to any Scriptural record when plaoed in juxtaposition with an English act of parliament,! When a Church has arrived so far in the mysteries of Faith as to place at the head of all spiritual power a monster who has discarded three wives and murdered two ; when it can propose for the salvation of the soul a creed said to be made by a child in a cradle ; when a public sin against the Sixth Commandment by the head of a Church is made legal by an act of English parliament ; when the Holy Ghost is publicly de dclared on oath to have published for the guidance of the soul in sanctity eighteen avowed system of palpable lifes. in the short space of twenty-six years, I fearlessly say, if these records cannot be disputed, there is no candid Protestant who can complain u such a system of perjury, pollution, and blasphemy be vigorously denouueed before the indignation anu the horror of the entire Christian world. Notwithstanding these synodical contrarieties we learn the strange doctrinea from ' the bynoU os Charteron' that the entire varying Protestant com munities of Europe are still 'the one society of true Christian believers—that eighteen different 'distinct things' is the self-same " one thing, ' a proposition so utterly incomprehensible as even to surpass the phenomenon of your supremacy. The only thing I ever read which can at all approach this article of your Faith in point of absurdity is the Dutch tragedy representing Adam about to be created. At a certain part of the tragedy, when all eyes, are turned to the deep, solemn tragedian who is about to perform the act of creation, Adam himself, the first man (though not yet created), comes out on the 8tagevwith a new doeskin breeches, boots and spurs, to be] created ! With these palpable absurdities, you call your church the spouse of Christ — a He which makes the skin creep and the blood run cold to hear you connect with the name of the Saviour such an aggregate of obscenenesa and impiety. From the first year of your foundation, through the three hundred years of your existence, no three individu als of your coreligionists could agree in doctrine ; and at this moment you present to the laughing world a congregation divided at all points, except the stereotyped doctrine of '? hatred to Catholicity.' Lord John Rusself, who can agree to almost any form of faith, cannot admit Baptism— the Arch bishop of Canterbury, who is paid twenty-four thousand -pounds a year for the gigantic amount of ' his Faith, will not admit Holy Orders as necessary ' even in time of general English cholera^-our Doctor Whately in Dublin, the pro-anti- Catholic Archbishop of Ireland, exempts all married Clergy men from their attendance in blue Asiatic cholera. In thier Lordship's thelogical opinions, the attendance of' Clergy is only * necessary in fine weather, when new .. kid gloves can be worn, when the tainted air does not blow from the east, when the patient can receive- these apostles on Turkey carpets, and when there is no fear of the stench of the dying Christian coming ' between the wind and their holy nobility.' And more strange than all, ,, is the new change of the Bishop of Exeter, approving the practice, of ' hearing confessions' — what an edifying church you have ! what a venerated senate ! Yon abuse, malign, and insult us for the practice which your good Exeter now exclaims is the secure road to Haeven. And this is what you call ' the' enviable wisdom of the English parliament, and the evangelical unity of the Reformation.' And these are the laws which youcall on us to respect and obey—this is the religion to which you hope to con vert the Irish people— and thjs is the creed which you offer to poor old Erin, in the fourteen hundredth year of her Christian age. The venerable old lady £ assure you, is not accustomed to see her Apostles dressed in diamond rings and London boots. After her long tuition under St. Patrick she is quite sur prised to reeeive religious instruction from your Voltaires and Paynes ; she cannot understand why the education of faith in Christ must be preceded by the knowledge of potash and pyrites; and .she is utterly astounded to hear men assert that the temple of the science of the Saints must be approached ? through fields of Swedish turnips and nicely-drilled mangel /wurzel. After her long intercourse with Columbkill and St. Bridget she has learned so com* pletely the Irish accent that she can with difficulty comprehend your lordship's Saxon tongue ; and although she has often heard of the dialects of Greek, and the vocalic varieties of the Eastern languages, she has never understood, till she read your eighteen confessions of Faith, how there could be such a thing- possible as varieties and dialects in the un changeable professions of God's Gospel. If you grive me fair play, my, lord, — if you do not set your Times, and your Globe and your Standard, i and your Punch, to ridicule and abuse me— if you call on them to reply to me by argument, and not by abuse, I undertake to rid the nation of your Church Establishment, and thus to save for the empire the eight and a half millions annually which it devours from the just revenues of the naked widow and the starving orphan. Depend upon it, tny lord, that I shall lay bare the appalling founda* 'tion of your Church bofore I shall have concluded my next three letters on that subject. And believe roe I shall convince you that it is far wiser to make Catholic Ireland your friend than to make all Europe ? your enemy ; it is cheaper to secure the arms and the one million of Catholic Irishmen by the voice of truth, honour, and justice, than to pay half b million a year to an inefficient militia, by a useless a pernicious, an angry taxation. Rely upon it that your diplomacy will be more respected and feared by foreign nations, of seeing peace than divisions in your own country ; and take the advice of an humble individual when I presume to tell you to commence the next' parliament (where you will keep office precisely till the Christmas recess) by retracing your steps to Ireland, and legislating for your country, and in the burning records of persecution and insult, but in the imperishable laws of eternal tJiuh aud public justice. And never forget the remarkable- words of the illustrious Louis Napoleon the Third :— ' Woe be to him (that is to you) who ( .gives the first signal of collision, the consequences 'of which will be incalculable.'— I have the honour to be, my lord earl, your lordship's obedient servant, D. W. CAH1LL, D.D. 