THE DINNER. At 6 o'clock about 130 gentlemen dined in tbe spacious hall of tbe Exchange. The spread was excellent, and the wines of unexceptionable quality. The Chairman, John Baker, Esq., M.L.C., was supported on his light hand by His Excellency the Lieut.-Govemor, Capt. Strut, the Colo nial Treasurer, and the Private Secretary, &c.;, and on his left hy Bis Honor the Judge, the Speaker, Capt. Bagot, M.L.C., Dr. Kent, Mr. George Elder, Mr. G-. M. Water house, M.L.C., Mr. Gile-, M.L.C., &c.; His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide acted as Croupier, and near him were Mr. George Morphett, Mr. G. S. Kington, M.L.C., Mr. Hector, Mr. Alderman Paxton, .Mr. J. B. Neales, M.L.C., Mr. John Brown, Mr. Alderman Sherwin, the Commissioner of Police, &c.; The cloth having been drawn, and the usnal loyal toasts having been duly honoured, The Chairman expressed his pleasure at having met so large a company at the Show that day, which had struck him the more from the force of contrast, when he remem bered that last year they had been obliged from the force cf circumstances to omit their festival altogether. Since the meeting in 1851 the colony had experienced a period of unexampled difficulty; but, thanks to the efficient measure adopted by tbe Legislature, it had passed from a state of almost universal bankruptcy to one of unrivalled prosperity. As a Society they were much indebted to His Excellency, who had encouraged them to carry out the present exhi bition by the loan of whatever suitable articles the Govern ment possessed; and in proposing his health he must remind them that they were not only drinking Her Majesty's representative, but the patron of the Soeiety. Drunk with loud cheers, and three times three. His Excellency rose amidst load cheers. He returned bis most cordial thanks for the very obliging manner in which tbe company had responded to the toast, and agreed with the Chairman in thinking that, though the colouy had passed through a trying period, it had every good prospect j tor the future. At tbe commencement of the last year its I difficulties were at a climax, and ihere was no man of pro perty who did not tremble for the depreciation which was to happen. There were many opinions as to the extent and the duration of the panic; but not even the boldest was able to predict tbe sudden and tbe great success which attended tbe measure which was adopted as a remedy. There was never a g« eater contrast than between tbe state of the colony at the end of 1851 and at tbe present time; the legal compulsion by which the Banks were made to pur chase Gold at £3 lis per ounce had just done what was wanted, and the Assay Office had ceased its operatious, at the moment when the Banks would give £3 14s..per ounce. (Cheers). They had all feared a greater panic in February, 1853, than that which had occurred in February, 1852; but the rime of expected trial had proved a time of triumph. Nearly a million and a-half of Gold had passed through the Assay Office; and 20,000 emigrants had arrived in the colony during the same period. It was true the attraction of the Gold- fields had taken many a way, and reduced the balance to 4,490; hut it must not be forgotten that many of them had returned like useful bees with honey under their wings—(loud cheers);—and meanwhile an ex cellent and steady market had been created for the farmer. (Continued cheers.) He might express his regret that the Government, perhaps j artly from its own fault, was at pre sent unable to make proper statistical returns of agriculture, and he hoped it might in future be assisted through tbe agency of branch societies throughout the colony connected with the Parent Society in Adelaide. (Hear, hear.) He might mention that he had just received the report of the Jurors of the Great Exhibition in England; and he was gratified to find that they spoke of the wheat of this colony as the best in the world—(loud cheers);—but he must say he was sorry to see they had been left so in ignorance of our pro vince as to call it the wheat of Port Adelaide. The report was favourable also to our wool and our olives; and it! seemed to answer the familiar enquiry, " How are you off for soap?" by making particular mention of Mr. Burford'a yellow bars. (Laughter.) He would inform them also that the Society of Arts, Manufactures, and Commerce had expressed a wish to communicate with the colony—to' transmit and receive information from it. He trusted the Committee of the Agricultural and Horticultural Society would authorize him to respond to such a proposal. (Cheers.) His Excellency concluded by proposing " Prosperity to the Society," coupling with it tbe name of their worthy Chair man, Mr. Beker. The Chairman returned thanks. He sincerely hoped that before their next meeting they should be able to report an affiliation between the various Agricultural and Horti cultural Societies in the province, and also that they should be able to establish a Botanical Garden, and to publish regular returns upon agricultural and horticultural subjects. The Speaker of the Legislative Council proposed *' Prosperity to the Agricultural Interests of the Colony." At the commencement of the emigration which threatened to depopulate the province, the crop was ripe for the sickle, but it was feared the difficulty of gathering it in would prevent there being even sufficient supply for ourselves. Thanks, however, to the energy of the formers, assisted by Mr. Ridley's excellent invention of the reaping machine, the; whole was got in,andtbonsandsof bushels were sent aw ay. Hut. then followed the difficulty of getting in the see A when sixteen thousand male adults had left the colony; and in this they had no machines to assist them. But by tb® in domitable energies of the farmers the seed was sown, nd they had seen the result that day. He had coupled the wo interests because the horticulturists raised the grape, the olive, and various other articles of export, and had also sur mounted equal difficulties by the same exercise oi British courage. It must not be supposed however that the colo nists who went away to the diggings were lost to us. As long as they were successful they would consume our pro duce ; and the farmer might depend upon it that, whatever market he might speculate upon, the best was the diggings. Drunk enthusiastically. His Honor the Judge was received with warm cheers. Several gentlemen had been asked to respond to the toast which had just been drunk, but ihere had been some diffi culty in getting any one to undertake the duty. He had stood up, therefore, to return thanks when no one else was found to do so, and he trusted he should not be thought pre sumptuous, for it was a subject iu which all were interested. Whether the Gold-fields of Victoria should continue productive or not, there was no doubt the pros - perity of this colony depended mainly upon agriculture. He had always felt and always said that it would be their main stay, and he had therefore felt mnch interest in the purchase of sections by persons of moderate means. It was gratifying to observe that there was now hardly a form to be seen without some sign of horticulture. He had seen the time when it was not so—when there was not a cottage to be seen covered with the woodbine and shaded by the fruit tree. He might observe that the present period of wealth and prosperity seemed the proper time for carrying out an intention which existed so long a^o as in 1841, of | establishing a Botannical Garden. (Cheers.) Mr. G. M. Waterhouse, M.L.C., had to propose a toast to which he was sure they would warmly respond—" The Pastoral and Mining Interests." The colony was at first tenanted by those who followed pastoral pursuits, and they must all be glad to see their labours attended with such brilliant results. The mining interests were now under a cloud, but he mnst remind them of au old proverb—" He that finds a gold mine finds rain; he toat finds a silver mine finds wealth;" bat he might add, " He that finds a copper mine finds greater wealth," for he felt convinced that copper would eventually be found more valuable to the colony than gold. Drunk with all honours. Mr. Angas, M.L.C., returned thanks for the pastoral, and Captain Bagot, M.L.C., for the mineral interests. The latter remarked upon the present high price of copper, which would enable the mine proprietors to pay labourers at an advanced rate of wages. The Colonial Treasurer proposed "The Commercial Interests of the Golony," and dwelt upon their importance to all the others. Drunk with due honours. Mr. George Elder rose wxtli feelings of no ordinary pleasure to respond to the toast. Of the value ofvthe agri cultural and horticultural interests the crowds which had assembled that day was an acknowledgment. It had been said the commercial men had kept themselves too much aloof, but he trusted they would now, if only for their own interest, lend a helping hand. It h id been objected by s me that such societies were very well in England, hut that here, where all were scrambling for existence, the' ornamental must give way to the useful. But the effect of combination was everywhere the same, and the Exhibition they had witnessed that day would have done credit to any county in. England; and they had one South Australian who had really proved himself a benefactor to the agri culturist. He meant Mr. Ridley—(loud cheers)—who had invented a reaping-machine, and generously given to the public its entire benefit, not seeking his own advantage by claiming a patent. While Scotland was disputing upon the various merits o. Bell's, Hussey's, and McCormack's reaping machines, Mr. Ridley had invented one admitted by all to be exactly suited to our purposes. To return to the. more immediate subject on which it was his duly to address them, it afforded him pleasure to state that the commercial interests of the province were never in a more healthy condition than at present. At this time last year they were at the lowest ebb; but if the difficulty were great the remedy was magical—rather reminding them of the changes of a phantasmagoria than the occurrences of real life. The effect of the discovery of Gold would doubtless be even tually good. It would increase our population and our commerce, and if we had failed in our search after the precious metal in our own colony, it was not perhaps a matter to he regretted. We were already reaping the full benefits of the discovery, without any of the evils that were its inseparable attendants, and which the neighbouring colonies had experienced. To show the assistance com merce had rendered to agriculture, he would inform them that during the year 1852, the exports of farm produce amounted to £281,698. Nor was this a trade which, like Jonah's gourd, had sprung up and faded in a single day, for the Gold colonies would constantly want our bread stuffs, and be ready to give us their treasure in exchange. This was an age of commerciel progress. The theories of Adam Smith, long lying on the shelf, had been reduced in o practice and found entirely successful, and the time was come when scarcely the ghost of Protection could linger on the earth—they were ail free-traders. It was creditable to the Legislatures of New South Wales and Victoria that thej' had adopted then* present tariffs, ai-d he trusted their example would soon be followed in South Australia. Then, again, they had steam navigation. It was only eight-and-fhirty years ago when the first steamer was built upon the Clyde. It was a pity it could not have been pre served in some Brobdignagian museum, for the pictures showed that it was about the same prototype of your pre sent steamer as the ourang-outang might be of man. First the steamer crept across the river, then into the estuaiy, next tried coast voyages, and so on by degrees till steamers had travelled to the antipodes. They might next look forward to the air engine, and to the propulsion by its power of every vessel on the seas. They might then, perhaps, have mails every fortnight to England, and daily to the neighbouring colonies. He would next refer to the Adelaide and Port Railway. (Oh, oh.) It was true that, like the tale in Rasselas, in which nothing was concluded, they had waited a long while for it—the sextant had grinned like an ogre on the line, and a new Rip Van Winkle might awaken and find all things as he left them. But it was a most important undertaking, and he trusted it would shortly now be brought to. a close. He might lastly allude to the navigation of the Murray, which, by the efforts of Cantain Cadell would soon open np to them a new and valuable trade. In America such a river would not so long have been neglected. Towns would Lave risen on its banks, and the noise of the propeller would have been heard daily in its ascent and descent. He looked upon the opening up of the Murray as the dawning of a new day of prosperity to the colony. One observation, however, let him make. As they had been told in the lowest state of their fortunes not to despair, so in their prosperity they must not presume. But he be lieved the colony was founded on a rock, and that with common energy and prudence it must go on and prosper The speaker resumed his seat amidst loud cheers. The Colonial Treasurer remarked that this colony was the first to abolish discriminating duties. He was pro ceeding' at some IcDgth, but was put down by cries of " Spoke" and " Chair." The Secretary then read the list of prizes, which appears in another column. The Chairman said the prizes would he handed over at Schmidt's long room the next morning at 12 o'clock, when a meeting would be held for the election of officers, &c.; Mr. Duffield proposed '• The healths of the successful and unsuccessful' competitors." Mr. A. H. Davis rose to perform a twofold duty—first to return thanks for the successful competitors, and, secondly, to propose a toast. With regard to the first, he appeared before them not for the first, the second, nor the third time, as the most successful competitor. He said this not by way of boast, but certainly with some satisfaction; for it had been insinuated before that partiality was shown to committee-men. On that occasion he left the room in dis gust, and declined acting any further upon the committee. He was proud therefore of appearing before them as the most successful competitor, though not one of the committee. He was indignant, however, that the integrity of the judges should ever have beeu impeached. In looking round at the various successful competitors, he was glad to see that they were not all what were called practical men. He was not one himself. He was a cockney, but he had some knowledge of the theory of botany, and this he had reduced into practice. He concluded by proposing " The healths of the Judges," a toast which he was sure would be drunk with enthusiasm. The Chairman, before the toast was drunk, called upon any other competitor, whether successful or otherwise, to make any remark he might think fit. Mr. Norman, as one of the unsuccessful competitors, re minded the Chairman that at the last dinner he had sug gested the pr- priety of something like 40 or 50 bushels of wheat being shown instead of three bigs. He knew his friend Frame would exeuse him, but he thought the prize wheat should be the produce of the field, not of the garden. It was easy to manure a quarter of an acre of ground and bring it up to the mark. A load of wheat at the least should be seqt in} aud the Committee should select the par ticular bags, the same as a miller did for a sample. He himself would willlingly show 500 bushels of wheat against the winner for all the winne-. was worth. He returned thanks for the unsuccessful competitors, and hoped they would be more fortunate next year. At least he would try. (Loud cheers.) Mr. Hewitt was also an unsuccessful competitor; and he contended that ad the agriculturists were unsuccessful, for none of them had been allowed to express their feelings. They had had the Hon. Mr. Morphett to speak for them, and the honorable Judge. He respected them both, but did they plough? did they harrow? (Loud cheers.) As an agriculturist in an agricultural society, he de manded to be heard, or else he would turn his back on them and go home to his plough. They had heard the mineral interests spoken to, and spoken well to, by their noble-friend Captain Bagot; and perhaps he was competent to speak to the agricultural interests too, for he once said he could grow wheat for half-a- crown a bushel. He (Mr. Hewitt) said, Let him try. (Loud cheers.) The agricul turists had been used disgracefully that night. (Hear, hear.) They had been blamed because there had been no return of the quantity of corn grown. Would the mer chants tell the farmers how many bags of sugar they sold ? j They would not. Then why should the farmers tell them | how much corn they grew? They had heard of a crisis— j why, it had been a crisis with the farmers all along. They | had to work hard, upon little capital, and with no aid from the Banks. But theirs was the most important interest, for they could do without gold, hut they could not do without corn; yet that night, in an agricultural society, the agri culturists had not been thought worth a speech. Whenever the Society should meet again under its present name, he trusted some old agriculturist would he called upon to ex press his feelings. He thanked them for the patience with which they had listened to his broken speech, but he begged to assure them that if he, like the merchants and other gentlemen, had received notice on the snbject, he would have endeavoured to be better prepared. Mr. Frame thought Mr. Norman's remarks quite out of place, for the great object was to produce a good seed wheat, and it was known that wheat would cross, as was the case with cattle. One sort of wheat would innoculate with another, and the object should be to get a new sort. He should like to see every farmer try to produce the sort I which would suit his own soil. The Chairman thought it due to the Committee to state that they considered some of the best bread in the world had been produced from the produce of a few grains. They thought it their duty, therefore, to encourage such ex j periments as Mr. Frame's. He hoped, however, they j should next year have Mr. Norman and some other prac tical men on the Committee, and then, perhaps, they should give more satisfaction to the public than they had done at present. Mr. Davis's toast, " The Judges," was then drank. Dr. Kent briefly returned thanks. The Chairman said it had been the intention of the com mittee to have presented an address to Mr. Ridley with re ference to the benefit experienced by the invention of the reaping machine, but this must be deferred, as Mr. Ridley was not among them. Mr. George Morphett had felt some diffidence in addres sing so large an assembly after the speeches tin y had heard, but he bad always found that South Australians would listen to the language of sincerity. When he left England he expected to find the colony in much distress; but he was agreeably surprised to find that every difiiculty had been averted by the indomitable energy of his adopted countrymen. Much credit had been justly awarded to nis 1 Excellency for the financial measures which had been , passed with his sanction, but he must say that he did 1 himself still greater credit in presiding at the meeting of I such a society as this. He was about to propose " The prosperity of our mother-country." At the present moment the utmost interest was felt there in Australian affairs. It was at this crisis that steam navigation was established, and it, would tend not only to the benefit of commerce, but would cement the feeling of amity between the parent-country and the eolony more strongly than ever. But England must do her duty to the colony. She must not treat it as the asylum for young rogues or young gen tlemen; neither must she treat it as a place of refuge for paupers. He had himself been a witness of the better feel ing which evisted in England towards Australia. He was one of a deputation which waited on Sir John Pakington on the odious system of transportation. And although there was some touch of Coloninal-Office feeling, there was a better tone—a more hearty promise of amendment. They loved their mother-country, because it had made the first steps towards true colonization, and this especially in the case of South Australia, Drunk enthusiastically. His Honor the Judge proposed " Lady Young and the Ladies of South Australia." Captain Start returned thanks. The gallant officer was received with repeated and most enthusiastic rounds of cheers. Mr. Kingston M.L.C., proposed "The Labouring In terest." They were in want of a large number of working men, for want of whom capital was lying hy unproductive. He trusted before another year we might see the colony fttll to overflowing with labourers—not so that they should be unable to get a living, but so that their employers should be in a position to pay them well, and to realize through their assistance a good profit for them selves. (Cheers.) The toast was very warmly drunk. The Chairman ana the principal guests then left; hut a select few seemed inclined, as it was nearly midnight, to continue the very agreeable meeting a little longer. 