'"wife of?. >*rV"¡p *" "reviewed' the HOBART TOWN: . JUNE 6, 1853. THE END OF CONVICTISM. Transportation from England having terminated, to the great joy of every reasonable being the next question is how are all its gatherings to be dispersed-its regime to be dissolved-its shreds and stains to be swept out, and the colony garnished for a better era and a new population ? It may be assumed that the officers who get large incomes for watching the process of " dying out, will not be in a hurry for the funeral. They have a task, but it carries its own reward. To ask them to point out how the work can be quietly done to those who are in search of that great secret, is rather too much. It is for them to continue their business for life; and no doubt so long as the smallest excuse can be found, they will sit like the ghosts of the old South Sea House. But if the officials are interested in pro- longing the reign of the department, the colonists, as a body, are not less interested in its early dissolution. We are aware that a very large penal establishment will be necessary to the end of this generation. The imported crime of years will be fearfully re- productive. If England has a problem to solve in reference to her domestic system of punishment, she has devolved on every their difficulty. A more enlightened and yet str agent system may be practicable both here and at home ; labor may be exacted to repay the cost . which crime inflicts. W see much reason to hope that when all pay for the coercion of bad men, popular sympathy will forsake them, and that the working classes here will become as hostile to robbery as they are in AuicricM. But we have now to deal with the persons who arrived in this colony under a sentence, who have passed without any new offence through several stages of their course, and who in a few years will be liberated by the crown from penal -coercion. We are prepared, then, to recommend that all who are not under the bill of the law should at once receive a conditional pardon and stand in the situation of the men ' within this island and we are prepared to meet all colonial objections to this measure, and to prove, as we believe, that it is ne- 6-1 cessary, useful, and safe. We are aware that several kinds of objectors will be found in this colony, just as there were many objectors to abolition. Among the expenses some are bend to say, . " " we served our time out, and let the Pen- , tonsillitis and model-boys do so too," This " class of persons is now a small one, even among the most brutal of the populace ; although we may see them on the stage de- ' claiming a new form of abolition. ' Another set of objectors are masters who is ' hired men at totallymnequal wages and he,-. J left by the total infraction of the promises made to the men they hold in illegal bondage. 1 To give these laborers freedom, would be of course a loss to such matters and what country does not produce its degrees in ¡ abundance '? Of course all argument would be thrown away on them. It is useless to tell them they have no special right as colonists to cheaper labor than their neighbours that the men they enslave have never forfeited their liberty to them, and that their interests are no just consideration as between the crown and the colony. But they fancy that the public of Van Diemen's ' Land will consent to support a large police ! apparatus to keep up the advantage which they have obtained in spite of the solemn engagement of the prison authorities at home, and the repeated ders of the crown. We believe they will be mistaken. The colony has done with convictism as a labor question, totally, and for ever. But would it not be dangerous. to give these men their liberty ? And why ? Did \ we not collect them by hundreds and thousands in districts of the colony-as free of a personal restraints as they can ever be Are they not now entrusted with our property, and even with our lives? The government can, it is true, recall their indulgences, but could not a jury of magic- ' trates cancel a conditional pardon on proved misdemeanour ? Our prisons and chain gangs might be used with tenfold power. The sole remedy for the social evils of the colony is a rapid immigration of free works men and their families; but every person of colonial experience knows that the free and bond cannot, will not live together. Up to the present time the laborers got the worst of it but as the tables are turned, the bond servant will be exposed to the malevolent feeling of class and caste so long as he remains a prisoner. We believe this feeling will be a source of great social disquietude, and to a great extent retard the total change in colonial habits and feelings on this subject. The free man has no recognized antecedents : what he was is of no practical consequence, but what he is. We believe that the step is necessary to prevent the new emigrants taking up with prejudices of a very disastrous social tendency. But when the colony ceases to exhibit the active spectacle of domestic and field prison labor, transportation will only be a month's tradition. We suppose it is not intended to say men kept in bondage are better according to the time it lasts that the liver is better than the seven years' matt' The individual John Jones will not be more dangerous if liberated now than if he shall be discharged in six months' time and we presume that no man will now talk of the danger attending the freedom of mere numbers. We advise such tremblers to turn to the lists of persons set free by time or the royal clemency dering the last seven years and they will see that we only ask the government to do now, at a retail rate, what they have done all along on a wholesale scale. The government thought it quite safe to send some thousands to hold tickets, and in the case of the Neptune, to receive liberty on their landing, and all thought of danger was considered the mere extravagance I of fancy. We defy the opponents of our views to reconcile the past policy of the ' government with the idea that the libera- tion of the men will create new colonial peril. We do not expect these views to find favor at government house; but they would certainly be quite agreeable to the ministers of the crown, who have desired to facilitate the transition of the colony. The example could not operate injuriously, as the same occasion could not recur. We do not know whether Sir W. Denison might not, if left to himself, hasten the change which is now inevitable ; but independent as he seems to be, he is subject to a kind of influence which will probably fetter his judgment. We look to the legislative council. It is for them to pro- claim the jubilee, by enforcing it. With- out police agents the department must contract its sphere. . Men who cannot be safely liberated ought not to be at large for them there is Port Arthur and Maria and Norfolk Islands; but in the colony we ought not to see a single human being who is not a free agent, and subject only to the ordinary laws. - > In asking for conditional pardons we ask only for that limited indulgence which will still confine its possessors to the island. It is very probable that having stopped transporta- tion, the ministers will not notice the " Victoria Convicts' Prevention Act ;" but that act only takes account of those who have been treated as convicts within seven years. This liberation would practically soften the operation of the restriction, even should it be allowed by the crown and we imagine it will before long be understood by that sagacious colony that while they prevent ^ua^e^n^ajúp^^a^^emea|aJLaQd, (that in the best class of persons.) they prevent effectively a great many more returning who dread the challenge of the police. Such is our opinion, but we do not wish to make it a party question. If it can be shown that the liberation is illegal, we should get the requisite authority ; if it can be proved to be dangerous, let us learn in what way and to whom. Its advantages in a colonial and social view are apparent : let us know not only that it is wrong, but the reasons why and wherefore. 