LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL THUREDIT, SEPT. 29, 1853. DEB&TK; OV THE CLEROT SALARIES' BILL. Mr KERMOUE said, that in rising to move the second ruidiug of the Bill for regulating tbe salaries of clergymen, he irouli endeavour to l>e as brief as possible, lie could not, however, avoid expressing his deep regret .hat it had cot fallen into the hands of other bon members, doubtless far more able than himself to brir.g forward the measire; and conoiJei'ing the lateness of the hour, he would glallv have postponed the stcond rolling j but seeing the labours of the session would so soon in all probability be brought to aclose, he felt compelled to proceed with it. His objj;t in briJgiJg it forward nt the present tune was solely the good of the church of which he was a member. The paint arrived at in the Bill wr.sone which most of the inn members on his side of the bouse appro —. . , "-j i mentof the.r ministers; and this he consider- ! ed a most «t reasonable thing,seeinghowdeeply , and in Juiately concerned were tile people in tueir character and ministrations. Tins was quite consistent avith t.ie principles ot the Church of England, as was sufficiently evidencel by tin unquestionable an Jiovitiej he had previously referrei o. At that late hour he would not detain tho Cjuncil by any lengthened quotations ; but in order to establish his position he would read one or tno from " Binghom s Antiquities of the Cnristian Church " a standard authority in the Church of England, n»re particularly aming high churchmen. In vol 1, p 2o8, Oypmu, in ssveral other of his opistlei speaks of tlie same deference paid to his presbytery; and in one place lie more particularly tells them that it was a 1 iw an 1 a vuls .that he ha 1 hid down to himself, from tho first entrance on his In. shopnjk, that he woull do nothing without their aince and the consent of the people." , In aaother pla;e - St. Cyprian says,-" The common people thenuelves liare before all other the power , cither to choose worthy priests or to refuse the unworthy, w.uch 111113 ,f c 0 lmvc the bigiauing of God's authority that the ' priest in the presence of the people should openly, and in every mm's sigut, bs chosen and aUoavei to be worthy and meet by the public judgment ani open testimony." The only other quotation be wotM trouble the Council with would bs from Hooker's EjjIosiaslical Polity, lie wou. 1 np.wUo t ie Ciuuol, and to the highest clmrcitn^u in tlicbnd, not excepting tho Bishop liim5elf whether lie ! could adduce a more unexceptionable authority ; .0 all ra itters relating to the laws and cons..- tution of their church than that of Hooker. W ? 11 ;, the "'1} Th^ f ld , H »okcr say on this ! F J < t. ' a ? r i S2C '' he aftirm, Tnc power of order I nny lawfully receive without a,king leure of any mul- titule; butt lit piTer I cannot etcrciae upon any one certain people u terly against their | W1l!i; nenher is there in he Church of^England any man, by order of law, possessed with pastoral charge over any parish, but the , people in effect do choose him thereunto. For, | albeit, they choose not by g.vnig every man parsouilly his paytiMUr yet can they ! not say that t.iey have their pastors vulcntly . 1 as HiPii* flnf»iPiit chooseth them" Now the rightof the pople . W g>ve or Withhold tho.r consent in the appo.ntmentof their ministers is here distinctly and expressly affirmed to l,e a fundamental principle of the Church of Luglaal linker shows that this rigut is secured u,id provi e 1 for as the Patron of the ben^e. In «... Colony we hare ,10 P.vtrons-we hive nntlung J l t h lQ P °° P if them - , selves a!D the P.itronS ; for they arc the par- j ties who contribute the fun is tor paying the clergy, aud therefore, on linker's principle, they hive, or surely ought to have, a ng.it to be heard in the selection of t.ie m=n who arc to exercisj the important functions of a clergymin among them. Bat the chief p ii.at to consider is the consistency of thc Bill with tho a:kiiow!e l^ed principles of the Church of EilTl&ud.; Euglaud, and nn'l about nV.-mfr this lie thought l^Arr. there could l:e uo doub'. Oa that ground, therefore, tho liii'iabLTi of ti.is house were called upon to give practical effect to thair p.-incip'.es. But they ivcrc notcalle i upon to pus the Bill upon m.'rcly general cousi ler.ations. Thc igenciesot' thetim-s lou lly cillei for it. Hi wo::Id rcf r to the Conference of Pelcgatcs, r.=s:ni!) 1 .e l in llih.irt Town last year from • different churc'iei under the au-hovity of the Bishop. At that Cinference tho folloiri.-ig piris'.ies were represented;—Trinity P-irish, Ilibart Town, St. George's, Ilibart Town; St, Jolin's, Iljbart Town; 0 leenbori'ijli' New Town; Sirell, Campbell Town, llus,' Green Ponds, lticliunnl, Bitiwell, B.uii tslanl, HimiltOTi, Prossar's Plains, M.ieju.arie Plains, O'Brien's B.-i.lge, St. John's. Lrinceston ; Trinity, Lnuncestoa ; LougPjr.l, l'uerson's Plain', Winlerm;re, Bishopsb^arne, 1.1'to River, T-ia, Perth, Evanlale, Fingjl, Cullenswoo 1, an.l N^wiiham. And to s!iow how much the principle now contendel for was urged by tlrnt meeting, he would l-cj 1 the resolution ir ich irasalopted:— "Toot it is the opinion of this Assembly that the nooiina'ion of the Clergy sl.oull be vested iutlie m?mhers of the Church iu each congregation, the Bishop exercisi.ig the same power in admitting persons so nominatei as the Bishaps p i»sess upan th». pre'eu'ation nr nomination of the paroiliinl cler jy by the patrons of livings in England; ani that a petitirito the Legislative Council, praying for their recommin Jation of tiiis mjasure be signed by tho chiirmaa oa the part of this Assembly." A petition liad been laid on tho table of that house from the Venerable the Archdeacon of Launcestou, expressing Uis deep concern that n re of sueli oonsequpnie should b" brought forward without having been previously circulated amingst the inhabitants of thc colony aui praying that the cousile/ation of it miybe postponed. It mist be within the recollection of lion mimhers that a petition had bean presented from I'ontville, signe.l by 13 of tho most respoouble inhabitants of tb it pirij'i, pruyinr that the nomination of the Clergy might be vested in the Laity; an 1 nUo a petition from Roes, presented 011 the3r] of Augj.-it, complaiuing that no remedy existed for the removal of its unworthy ministers; ani furthrr, a petition signed by tho lion m^-nbjr for New Norfolk, as chairman of a publi-c mce'ing lately held in Hobivt Town, pviying that tbc Laity might lmve a voire in the election of their ministers; nt avhicli meeting he (Mr. lCermyjr:) was present, and could undertake to say there was not a dozen hands held np against, and still further, lie himself had presented a petition from Trinity parish, ftobart Town, pmying for a voice in the election of their iiiinister. When all this was considered, wlnn it was known to this Council that a meeting of delegates from the several Episcopal Churches of the Diocese, expressly convened un ler the authority of the Bishop, for considering this question, had adopted are3olution which lie (Mr. Kermslc) hnd brought under their noticc, allirming the principle upon which this Bill was based; ani further, when it was shown that there were petitions before the Council all ten ling towards thc same object, lie could not assent that the petition pre lenteA from the Venerable thc Archdeacon of Lannceston was either correct or just. Referring to the petition from Trinity, it brought to bis recollection a state of things which called loudly for correction. It wa3 no! necessary to refer to fie many unhappy, dimensions ani divisions in this diocese, it was sufficient to know that a remedy m ist lie provided- Something, in short, must bi done to criw'.i thne unaoem'.y ivisions in the bud, and it was Ia the hope ; f a?complishing this that he hal been inuced to bring this tnoasure forward, and he a fcopsi the Council would not set the remedy aside. It might be urged that they ought to wait for Jmperial Legislation, but it itas Impossible to calculate when tho Bill proposed by the Archbishop of Canterbury might be brought forward, it mis'it even be postponed, but was it ucccssary they should wait a single hour J Ue thought not, for evenif tbe Archbishop's flitt liad alrealy becomc law, such provision would undoubtedly be found in it as would entitle the members of the Church of HngUni to secure the right this measure proposed to grant. Ho would now refer to the Bill its?lf, it was very simple, and ho would at once gi to that part in which it might be said the whole principle of the measure was set forth, viz., that no salary should be paid to the minister of any district until a majority of tbe members of the Church of England in that District lui certified to the Colonial Secretary their approval of such minister. In his (Mr. Kermjdc's) opinion it was but fair that thos5 who provided the funds should be enabled to cxnrcise an intiuence in the appointment of their minister. With these remarks he moved the Becond rcalingof the Bill. Cajtain J'EMTON seconled tho motion. The COL-SECH13TAB.Y snH he thought it his duty to vote ag.tinst the Bill, inasmuch as it interfered with the Constitution of the Church uf England, and introduced an im- ~iich it ha I not been shown was <1 sired by a majority that Church, and because infringed upjn the prerogative of the Q„cen (Hear, hear); he took it, that even shoullj it pi3-th,lt Council, tbe Lieutenant- Governor wouli not be justified in giving his a,senl t0 it n„itUer „-ould it receive the confirmation of Jicr Mijesty. To discuss it, therefore, would, it appeared to him, bj only wasting the time of t.ie Council. Even if he (the Colonial Sectary) approved of the bill, i,0 shoaH vote aT-iinst it, because lie had b?cn distinctly assured, as lie had stated on a former occasion, that no such measure as this „M,d be brous;lt fortl.lrd this Session if the C;iurc!l Biu werc not r,..ejsDj by tlls Goreramant {Il01r hl!ar oad n0j no) ftni] tllat a3suran0(! wi3 0IW of t|10 Ten50„3 thoush cerwjn], „3t tha on)y or crea tlle pi.incipai onc w|lich ha j iadnecd him to withdraw the Church Bill. Bat lie objected to the bill itSL>if us Bot calculated to effect the object for which it ,rl3 iutroJ,lccd. No n-au could rc t raorethan he did the unhappy disscn- 5^3 w)li,|, bad B0 iltcly ftTitatc 1 the Church of ,rllic!l hc ,ra3 himself an unworthy number, and none vtoald' rejoice more if some means cou,,j bc n1opted to set those differences at reat bllt he thought this bill, if passed, would hare no such effect; he bslieved, that on the contrary it would make matters ten tim„s than al pi.esent i,ls(e,d of bringing about peaot) it would be the means of proJll(.i„g n little spiritual avar in every p„.ish T1)e bill had been got up without tliat consi,lerotioll wllicU of s0 mj5h ,,„ 10r.a110c rerl„irci Ilc wis jllstificd • in b.'uause he hall every reason to bcijevL. t|,lt tbc lliU Uot thought of until the res,iution of the lion member for New Norfolk was brought before the house some tM d u ^ in ,, t he=n conM.t„ i in a U J urI>^ ,ie b3,ievei that those who intr0liucejit,would,if itwerepassel,dowhat I do who act in haste, vii, repent at lcJsure. ne would go'ehortly lh h th(s m bul fir3t ile would rerer to tbe observations of the lion member who b ljt it an(J t<> the a(ltll01.ity iie iia.j u0Jd (Uooker) l0 t,Jat fjm,rl ;„ E Iaad t:,c bij a voi.c ia tlle df0;0(! of f;|oir bllt it wouli bo fouuJ oa t0 Il40j lbat tl10 people lal 110 uire,t vol ,,c m„rL!,y SJyj th' r s„ntel , >ho , {ron J f t ? aTe in p J rc.i3cly J t,Jc 8im'e 6ituation as the . V.,.. ... ^ „U apprehension Cntc?tained and expressed by some lion m!nlV_,9 oa ,Ue ll8t a,iasion on B[l()js!,t w d;i0„33cd vi that a!1 appli;ll. ra^t3 t0 c.iapUinci !s t;10 colonP P w,re m,lo h t;l0 &sh; Now „,c b tIlB > is not in this bill from ' 0 J ne cn4 ^ it lo th(J other) mlk s Q appointments; he has no power to do so; tha ',jr(,r i3 i;1 thc aa • J.ari, ;„ tll0 Lieutenant-Governor, though it , 3 traa !)lat c cierKymin s0'appointed , mast be liccrl3e , f „le fish b3fo PP il(, n caa | bis cilUli; But re;urn ^ t, bill. \- ••• It - was thc - fashion \- - in that - house to put cases by way of illustrating arguments, and lie (the Colonial Secretary) proposed to adapt that course as the simplest made of showing his objections to the bill, he would therefore put a case, or two or three caios, or the samo aase in differeui forms,as might be necessary, ani ha would sippjse a vacancy to have arisen ia a parish, aud that uo person competent to (ill that vaaiuey cjuld be found iu the coiony ; such cases had ociurrfl before, an 1 it win mire tha* proMMj that it would occur ngiin ; it wjuH theref>re be necsssary to seal toEaglanl for a minister, but ho should like to know what clergyman, whose serrices wero worth bavin?, woull be disposed to come 16,00.) miles to b;' billotted for by the inliabitauts of a parish in Van Diera;n's Land ? (hear, hear). But supposing, however, that one should he sudicienilya Ive.aturous to com: out, or thatsouie pcrsaa Ja'.y .)ualiSed should be foun 1 ia the colony, an 1 should receive liis appoiiitm;nt from tlie Lieutenant- Governor apd his licence froui the Bishop, he would journey to his parish, a.od there ho would lmve to wait, at perhaps considerable expense, certiinly^ome weeks, an I perhaps an indefinite period f.r the sanction of the parishioners (n>, no). H; a firmil that it was so, fir thc second section of the hill,although it profiled ccrtdin step) mig'it bc taken, did not say those steps must be takeu within any certain time, the clergyman might therefore have to wait for a mout'i, or even for six months, or as many years, without his oafirmiti.aii; in short, hc might never obtain it. Suppisiug, however, nil necessary steps to be takjn, the minister bolls some peculiar tenets, hc miy be n well known Pu.seyiie or lie may be Evangelical—the parishioners are perhaps nearly equally divided in their upiuions respecting hira; Jioivevcver, the party which holds his views does not exert itself suXuioiitly, and taiy form the mluo i:y, ani the consequence is, lie is r-jecte 1 by the mijority: now there was nothing iu the bill to c .mpil the Lieut- Governor to make, or tho Bishop to sanction the appointment of another. But supposing another gentleman shoull be appointed in ascordauoe with the sentiments expressed at ilie meeting, viz., holding views 011 any particular teuct, say tor insrancc, baptismal re- ^eucratiou directly opposite to the minister previously appointed ; well, the party who wore defeated at the last election, will probably this time exert themselves to the utm >st, and so obt ain a m ijoi ity, the co:is?q:ience wsuld be that, the second appointment would bo rej-.ctcl; now wl.at a p-c'.ty r'.a"L'ora(T«i:t I'lat mul 1 be. He (the Colonial Secretary) apprebeiid^d that neither thc Lieut. Governor nor the Bishop would knoir how to net iu such a case. Numerous similar objections might be taken to thc bill, but he woull not take'up tho time of the house, hc would simply caU attention to section 5, respecting Glebe Lands. Now it was well known that .there were in this colony many lands originally set apart or vested in trustees or in the Bishop for cevtain specified uses, hat this section provided that 110 clergyman should receive any benefit from those lands unless approve 1 by his parishioners, and thus thc intention of those who gave the lands might be set aside and altogether frustrated. With regard also to thc electors, he said the bill made provision for those who could not writo Naw , he shon 1 1 like to ask whether persons of 17 years of age, who could neither l'cn 3 nor write, were likely to bo fit jiidg.es us to the doctrines or qualifications of a clergyman ? Oa the whole, although he did not moa:i to say but what it v.-as right that the 1 .ity eho.iVl have some voice in the choi -e of their minister, he shjnl 1 not onsjnt In allow I t'lftn to er-rcise it in the mnncr p-oposed by this bill, and hi b'io iVI therefore vote o^iins? tho second realing. , 1 MR. ^JmSIN ron t"> rnive the ftljournment of SYndeVa'e mtil Tueilnv, thcy woull I tiica al! com- f-es'i te'tVj' 'Jfs-'iMihi of the subject, aid he thought lio-i m'mhe-s. wauld with him, that there hil been . un lue haste in bringing t'.'s tneajUTo forwM-d. When they were sitting tliere, as the old nominee Council, under t> Geo. 4, right days notice ha i to be given ia the Newspapers, of the inteotion of bringing forward a Bill; if this were the case under the old Nominee Council, he thought th it in a measure of such importance, ha^te should nut be used. He would state to the honse, it was not until that day, tbe Bishop had bccome ac^ua'ntcd with its provisions, and he (Mr Gregsoo) had gleaned what- information be possessed on it, lrom the speech of the bon the Col-Secretary. He thought, therefore, it most desirable that tlieoonsi lerationof the Bill should be deferred, Before he sat down, lest it should appear there wasanything like inconsistency iu his (Mr Gregson's) conduct, be would state, that be concurred iu the principle that tbe members of the Church of Euglaud should have a voice in thc election of their Ministers (hear, hear) but the Bill noiv before them interfered wi.h the constitution of the Church of Engau 1 he wouli tell the lion member for Campbell Ton-j, that if he such u tiioijugh Church of Englaud man, he ought to have some revcrcnce for his Bishop. Before procee ling to the discussion of the measure, he 'should like to have au opportunity of conferring with the Bishop on the subject, not that iie thought thc Bill would be carried, hut if it were he believed the majority of Epis opalians would be shocke], and tho clergy leave tiie Colony. He would, therefore, move an adjournment until Tuesday next—ioa3mj"h as tho Bishop had not nix opportunity of reaiing the Bill until to-day, and he believed his lordship aviis, desirous of opposing the Bill, oven if it should bc ue cssary, by counsel, at Uie bar of the house, and hc trusted that although they might not have commenced the discussion of the question by prayer, they would oomj lothccou idcration of t.iis importautqucstiou like Christian gei.tlemon, MR. DUNN seconded thc motion for an adjournment. Mil. AN T 5TEV shiuld oppose tho motion for the adjournment, and he also felt bound to oppose the second reading. Holding as hc did, reii iious opinions difering from the Church of England, he should, in considering the Bill, endeavour, and he hoped successfully, to disniiss all considerations from liis mind, concerning religion. T.ie Bill affe:ted thc interests, of a v.-ry large proportion of (he free people of thc Colony, and yet it had B?arcely been made known to the people of Hobart Town. Now, knowing the sluggish nature of thc people here, ho could not but thiak that sufficient time liai not been allowed. To mention a case in point,although the I Church Bill had been avith irawn nonvly a I month, it was only yesterday that a Petition against thc Biil, signed by some hundreds of people, .had beeu forwarded from Launccston to a member of the house for presentation. And that petition avas s'gnc l not by men who. were generally considered lukewarm on the subjcct of religion. The petition of the Ai-chdcicon of Launccston did contain statements of sora? weight. He foltco avincel the Bill would r.ot bc rend a secoud time that evening (hear, bear). It might be said that the pa-ty to which the Bishop Tasmania was more nkin to the Church to > liicli he (Mr Anstcy) belonged. Aud that his sympathies would therefore he enlisted iu favor of the party iviio were opposed to the Bill; but he would ngiiu repeat most sincerely and uncquivo jilly, t'mt in approaching the question, : he hal notulloivedauy religiouscousiderations to interfere. He believed thc people bal not an opportunity of expressing their opinions on the merits of the Bill, and as 6uch, he thought it would he much better if thc Bill | werc withdrawn. |I Mr CHAPMAN reuinrkel it was his intention to oppose the adjournment and vote fjr tho second reaiing, as it was his desire to 1 adirm the principle of the Bill set forth in the preamble. He liai taken no part in thc ' movements which had lately taken pla-e, but 1 he had attentively wafchod them, and he had 1 seeu tbe deplorable state in avbich the Church of England had been for soma time past; and he feit hc should bo wanting iu his duty if he ' dil not nlfirni the principle which they had I advocated. It avas quite possible that som? •j of thc piovisions of thc Bill might be milifiedj and it was quite possible that the Bishop might suggest pome valuable altcratioa.x, hut I they could be effected in Committee. Under | all circumstances he must vote for the sacond reading of the Bill. 1 Mr ALLISON ehouli oppose the second reading, and also vote nzainst tho adjournment. Hj though' the Bill iiad been introduccl too hastily; its provisions were mast important, and such as the pio'ile of tliis | couutry ought to ba n;quainted * with. lle agreed with the principb that the laity should have a voice in the election of their ministers (hoar hear), but hc thought the time had not yet arrived lor such an important alteration, and hc could not help thinking the plan of this Bill would occasion much inc nvecienc\ When the Chnrcli Act was agnin introduced, it hms very p that some provision might be made iu it similar to that s ught 10 be effected by the present Bill. No one could more regret the unseemly sight which they had so lately witnessed, of clergymen differing with each other; but hc feared thc.Bill would not renndy the evil, and as such he mast vote agiiustthc second reading. Ciptaiu FUN TON hop.-d that evry one woull approach the question in a hunijle spirit, lie would rcuiin I lion, liu-mbcrs who w.>re asking for delay that the adjournment which hal been mr.-ed was umilt generally alopted for getting rid of a subjcct (hear, hear.) This was uo new subject; it hal been b iforc tho community fjr the l ist three years, lie had had m my opportunities of mixing with the m .-mhers of tint Cii inch of England ; and he could safely adiim that the principle of thc Rill was in accordnuce with the sentimjuts of the mnj .rity. It was not when the house was burnt that they should endeavour to preserve it from the" flames. Tliey were now in a very divided stato, an 1 if some steps were not tiken the Evangelical Clergy would be driven from the colony. 11c (Captain | Fenton) did not wish to speak evil of dignitaries, but lie must say it appeared to liim that | attempts were being male to drive the Evangelical Clergy from tho colony. What they I|' sought was, to protect tiicin from ruin, and also thc children of thcjcoii^regatians from being exposed to tlie inculcation of doctrines which they condemned (hear, hoar.) Could there be higher motives 1 He would first refer to the observations of the lion Colonial Sicretavy. lie had stated that thc Council, by adopting that measure, would be invading the prerogative of tho Crown. Surely there was nothing easier than for his Ewilcniy to transmit the Bill to Her Majesty for apnroval. Nay, thc very principle of admitting lay agency was in accordance with the Despatch of September, IS31, to the Secretary of Btate, His Excellency thus writes :— "I should also propose, that hy thc sami net provision fhuuld he made for tiie election by each neliiiims <~!..nun-.mfy which miy wish to avail itself of the advantages and conveniences which thc act will afford, of a body of Representatives, to which body however will be given lo legislate for tho community which it represents, in so far as Ecclesiastical matters arc concerned " The difference between thc selicmc advocated by me and that smuestcJ in the miiiutss (of the conference of Bishops) is, that I propose that the representative members of each Church, whether lay or clerical, should rssem'ole together in ono body, and discuss nming themselves all such matters as inay he of interest to them in their collective capacity ns a Church ; and the Bishops wish to separate the. two, and to constitute a House of Convocation, composed of thc clergy only, and a Convention composed of lay Delegates. " To tiie former woul i be reserved the power nf considering ani deciding, al! doctrinal questions, &c.; while the la ter w.aull consult and decide ouly on questio.is which affect the tomporalitios of tho C'iar:h,—and even iu i'lese questions their decision wa ild not be v.i'ual without tho consent of tho Cona-oca- 1 ion " Thnt -wrm tho principle advocated tiy liis Excellency and by them. With regard to another observation of the hon Colonial Scoreiary, that a pledge hal been given that no farther proe-e liligs shonl 1 be a loptol in raid the Church Bill was withdrawn, he cpull asswt that ho had given no such pledge,' in fact hc felt surprised nlwn the hou member for , Cumlrerloiid proposed to wiihAr&tf; the Dill, 1 as it was liis (Captain Fenton'e) intention to j have moved thc introduction of several clauses in it; rviail whan tho Bill was withdrawn his notice of motion was on thc notice paper. As to the observations avith respect to the provision "made in the' Bill for those who could not write, by' iriiieh it was attempted to cast ridicule ou tbe Bill, he did not think tbeni very creditable, and in. fact scarcely worthy of vomment. It ought, however, to be IJrjiO In mind that most of the children of the colony could read and write very well. The bon Colonial Secretary had also stated that the Bishop was uot even referred to in the Dill. Why, wan it not, therefore, evident that no attack was intended to hc made upon him to deprive him of his rightof selecting proper objeots for ordination ? Was it at all necessary to refer to the Bishop when he would, have the tmme powers then as now ? He believed he had answered every objection; and so far from this bill haing opposed to the wishes of tbc majority of the members of tlie Church of England, he believed it was quite the contrary. Ile avould now refer to what thc Risbop of Melbourne said as to the principle of the Bill, that thc Laity should have ft voice in thc nomination of their ministers: The opinion of that prelate was as follows:— " ihere is no doubtihgf-a Bishop cau^exercisc an arbitrary discretion as to those whpm lie ordains to thc ministry, and thnPliQ legal power can compel him to admita person whom, lie considers to he in any way disqualified for' that sacred office. But nevertheless he is bound before God to guide himself by the laws of that Church to which he belongs, and neither to exten 1, nov to narrow, the terms of admission prescribed by her. Itis not therefore a matter of surprise that all clergymen and others, w'10 regard the juigmtsnt of the Privy Council, in the case of Gorham versus thc Bishop of Exeter, to have settled thc law of the Church of England in that particular, should fuel aggrieved at the conduct of the Bishop of Ripon. AVc bail with pleasure thc intelligence, olicited l.y thc presentation of the petition, that thc Archbishop of Canterbury has been prcpariug "a measure which die hopes will be satisfactory to all parties." IVc are glad tb hoar (his We want an ecclesiastical constitution, in order thatthc clergy may enjoy clearly dcfiuci rights,—that the people may bo consulted' in the appointment of their ministers,—and that t)ie laity may, by their representatives, bo able to deliberate and to act, as an integral part of the Church, in the management of ecclesiastical affairs. A single nssembty, composed of the clergy and representatives of the laity, would, in our opinion, be greatly preferable to two, in which the respective orde-s should deliberate apart; but this is comparatively of small importance. The great object is to obtain some representation of the laity; for, when this has been once gee a red, tliey are sure, unless the Church b-senmes altogether corrupt, to acquire their proper influence, and to be found the most -effectual safeguard against' priestcraft. 1 Wo shall await with deep interest the introduction of the Archbishop's measure; which, from our confidence in his Grace's Chris ian moderation ani soutfl discre.ioa, we clieiish ahopc may prove really satisfactory, and place our Church upon a safe and permanent basis." lie thought tho opinion of the Bishop of Melbourne ought to carry some weight. Then with regard to ivhat lis had stated wtli reference to the attempt male to drive out the Evaog dical Clergy ; lie woul 1 quote from a letter, by the Deau of Melbourne to a Clcrgyjuiu of tbiscslouy, that gjntleman then writes "Shall I say that I mourn over the situation in which tue confessors of the truth in Van Dlemcn's Land are placcd, or that 1 bless God for it it is quite thc old story over again; and if the rcmuant in Tasmania are faithful to their God, and calmly stand their ground as ministers of His Church. He w:io has caused truth to prevail over all the power of man will surely visit and bless liis waiting people among you." If they hal members of the Church of Englaud writing suchconsolutary letters as that, lie would ask, was it not incumbent on them to persevere. He avould now draw tlie attention of thc Council to the case of thc Rev Mr Mcdlaud, an application on behalf of tliat gentleman bad been made to the Lieutenant- Governor by 6JO of the parishioners, who wished to have him for their minister. Sir W Denison recommended Mr Mcdland's appointment to the Bishop; the Bishop refused, toojectiugthat Mr Mcdlaud denied tlicauthority of the Church; Sir W Denison wrote to Mr Mcdlond, informing him of the objecti ia, aud asking him forau explanation. Mr Mcdland thankfnlly scut his explanation, being of course highly gratified that in any reference to the Home Government his real opinions should be expressed, :ib"g with the Bishops' cliargp ag.iinst him. Will the reader believe that .Mr .Median 1 .ani the Governor lave both veccivcd a sliarpc censure for this most rossonable course of action "I am concerned" (says the BishopJ thar you have thought it yoiirjduty to comply with a desire of thc Licutcnaut Governor, that j-ou should officially explain to him your doctrinal opinions; I trust that any other clergymin ill the Diocese would have met such a revest • with an unhesitating but respectful rcfjsa'% You have established a precedent, whic.i, if fallowed, and acted upon, would invest thc Lieutenant-Governor with Itypcrcpiscjpal, if not, Papal poiver, &e.; It wo uld he pcrccivcd that the Tier Mr Medium was thcu rcfi-sed ou account of his doctrinal opinions—bat the real reason was, because he had signed a certain regulation. He (Capt Fenton] must state, that although he did not think thc Bishop incline 1 to the Church of Roma, yet iu his opinion hc cntertaiucl doctriues more iu accordance with thc tending of that Church than the Church of E lglnu 1. He a 1 .so could not help expressing liis astonishment to find tliat those members who had always professed to be guided by liberal principles, show so little liberal discussion of tiiis all important question, The lion member for Richmond iiad stated his toncurrenccio the principle, that the laity should have a voica ia thc appointment of their minister, hc [Captain Fenton] hoped the lion member avould withdraw his opposition and if there werc defects in the Bill they could be altered when in Cimmittce. He trusted the Council would affirm the principle of the Bill by assenting to the second reading. Mr. Nutt rose, when'the Speaker remarked that thc question before the house was 0110 of adjournment.— He merely made the remark, becauso the hon member who had just sat down hal mode an exceedingly long speech upon thc principles of the Bill. Capt Fenton said lie was speaking to the amendment, and in doing so hod addressed himself to the whole question, Mr NUTT remarked that his opinions wore too well knovrn for any one to suppose that in voting fir the n-lj mrnment he had any desire to burke the bill; but he believed there were, u numbea of the members of tnt Church of England who were as much opposed to the principle of it as he was in favor of it. Even the minister of the parish in which he resided had petitioned against tlie Bill; they had heard also, from a personal friend of thc Bishop's, that his lordship wished to oppose the measure, but liad only received it that day. 31c (Mr Nutt) thought, iu deference to those avho were opposed to it, they were bound to give time for its consideration. They sat there, from day to day, disputing about the pay of the police, and surely hon m unbers could afford (if necessary) to rcma'a ii town a few days longer to consider so important a measure. He trusted tbe moa-cr of the Bill would consent to an adjournment ; for if the matter were in its present stn'el pressed to a di vi lion he should vote against thc second reading, , Thc 89L..OENERAL observed, that after tho vc-y n'lle and lucid manner in wllioh this subie t lia.l liccu treated by the hon Col," Secictary, nnd the hon member for Oatlands, he felt some di/lidence iu detaining the Council by nay observation of his own; he really tl.oig'it thVy bad sail almost e've.y thing which cwlj lis said (.icar, tear); it all cvoliU, s'l that was necissary.'. He oonsidered it to be his duty, however, not to gWe a wholly silent vote, an 1 would state, in n few words, why it was his intention to oppose tho secund reading of the bill, ohitf objection was this; that a measure irhiw would a fundamental oltem'ln., s„ .1 tution of the Church ot K /™ '', 1 be alopted In so hasty aSiinS" manner .Here was a Sill, J f f l , * 8 very end of the Session orderofl ^ i on Tuesday, and read a ^ l l * fe dayl !fhat was Bot the way 7 S i grave a question sbot.il be dealtlw? was no «ucb light matter to aW ,, 1 , of» venerable Church isted for ages, aud of which C ^ t of speech to say, that it had iVT fire, and Healed with blwd JU be convinced that thts Council was. tribunal to deal with tl£ su ,JWT at.£ doubted whether the Council Imd' • - pdtfer to interfere with ?Vi« -'^."F the Church nf England >f t C Z l^ Quired alteration Itouglit to he Z' 1 -era, e deliberation, in\n asscmhl, Sbyrch itself (hear, hear). a r S ? ° cation, consisting of the bishop, cW," aity properly convened (hear, hiT' thc hon member for Campbell Town l„i tended that no alteratiou in t ,r^ . J of the Church wdUld be^Ced bT " aud Nd tjupted in support of that are„ a passage froffi the writings of theT and judicious Hooker. Now fe ha t said of a mail who quoted a bant „i,?7 tvalicted instead cf supporting his am'' that the book knocked I.Im down u f* od to him that the !.,n member' wm position; for the judic „us Hooker " of supporting him, knocked him down \v was ;he principle of the Bill ? Did it give the members of the Church of E 1 a direct voice in the appointment of 1 minister? In fact, IheTirtual aloL! or rejection of liim? Clearly so Jut said Hooker jn the raisage referred to h, ion member? After stating that llio „' "in-effect do choose" their paBtor bl c "For albeit they choose not by gnL, " man bis particular voice." This Bill contrary, proposed that they shoj'.d !L the minister by giving every mm his culnr voice. Ac.ordiog lo Hooker, the 1 were represented by the patron of the iri In this colony, thero were no patroJ clergy were paid by tbe State, and the Li', Governor' stood in the place of the p»'. (hear, hear). The congregation would 0 give their voice, throug'i their rcprcscntati 111 the same manner as thc inhabit-mis „f, Colony could only lcgis'.ate tbi-o:gli their presentatives in the Council The con™> tion bad no more right to choose their w tcrs, than the people had to make lam ,, was it made thc laws? not thc people their representatives. So, accordinc Hooker, it was not the people whoclios-t minister, but their representative (ho hear) The principle of tlie Bill was the fore clean contrary to the con- titution of t Church of England, as laid down by Hooke Let them now test whether the statement Hooker, that the people cannot sav «tli they lmve their pastors violently olitrud upou them," was carried out ia practice * England, in the sense iu which those war were understood by tbe lion member. Ere one mast have heard of tlie Vicar of Fto Every onc must have heard of the Rev. M Bennett. That Gentleman got a presents!) to the Vicarage of Fromo from the Marc! ess of Path, and was duly inducted tli< by tho Bishop. In consequence of the p liar tenets which he held, his parishione objected to the. appointment; they not < felt that hc was "violently obtruded" v them, but were absolutely indignant at h being forced upon thcra, and actually pr cured tlie matter to he brought before House of Commons by Mr Horsman, hut t... got no redress. And why ? bctausr accord ing to the constitution of thc Church House of Commons could not interfere. Bill appeared t> 1 im (the Sol- Uctienil) to " very oijcction&Yc; in itsel'. Supp sim werc right to legislate on the suhjec. ft id i so hasty a manner; yet they could neve affirm such a Bill as that But cotisidevin thc lateness of the hour lie would not examin thc Bill in detail, although hc must confe.ss i was a very tempting subjcct; but coutto himself with the observations he hal mi against its principle, and expressing liis in tcntion to vote against thc second reading, Mr. KERMODE rose to reply, and observe that notwithstanding tlie lateness of the hou, he felt bound to answer, and he would do s as briefly as he coul I, the objections vhie liad beoe raised. Ann first, be could not l.u express his rejret at the course pursued L the iion. member for Buckingham. He coul tno understand how thc hon. number did no sec that, in urging thc proposed a ijo.irJimeut he was, under the circumstances of tlie in effect lialvwaring to defeat the object of tli bill. 1 he ho •• member must be an arc (iiat i is almost certain th it thc council will tinsits sittings on or abjut the very day lovrliitl. hc wishes the afjournmcut male. Ilc mi also say that he was much surprised at t objecti ins of the hon. the Colonial Secretary; with r forence to thc hon. member's assertion that thc measure has not been asked for lathe people, need I again repeat what I stated iu my opening speech, that the people have, both through petition to this house, as well as by their stroi.g y expressed sentiments out of doors—but m s, emphatically by their representatives—tic delegates retiirncl hy the different parishes for the e press purpose of deliberating «n the suhject. Then as to the hon. member's statement relative to the i^r.orance of thc frcoolc, he could only say that it avas in cfloct t ie snmc people who returned rcpresentatiicstotbisliou.se; and surely if they were qualified to do the one it coul 1 not bc affirmed that they were not qualified to da the other. The objection founded on tlie Queen's prerogative has been sufficiently answered by the hon. member for New Norfolk. In fact, the bill docs not propose to interfere with the rights either of her Majfi y or tlie Bishop. While it leaves both of these parties in possession of their rights, it places the not less important right of thc people in its true position. The hon. member has admitted tie evils vrliicla the bill proposes to remedy, »»d while hc does not acuturc -to attack the principle of the measure, he objects to it on Hie ground of the evils which its application mny give rise to,—as if any human nienns could be devised tfliicli are not liable to similar objections. Besides, many of tlie evils to which thc honourable member r-fcrs could will' l' 1 ' greatest ease be provided for when the bi.l passes through committee. With rcpa™ Jo the objections of thc lion, member for Hic»- mond—hc^too, it seems, approves of the principle of the bill, but nevertheless hc is anxious to get rid of it by an effectual device of adjourning it to a time when it will be 100 late to consider it. lie pleads undue linste, and that the Bishop is ignorant of thc clauses of thc bill. But surely thc hon. member lani.ot have forgotten that all that this bill contemplates has been again and again before the Bishop nnd the public, nud lias been mist distinctly end earnestly prayed for by tlie mmbcrs of the Church of Eugland, nnd tlint for •want of some such measure the Church is being torn by intestine dissensions, and her usefulness and efficiency nil but destroy* 1 - Thc hon. thc Solicitor-Gcnerol aims at taking higher ground of objection, ne asserts tliet the bill involves a fundamental alteration m the principles of tho Church; but !>"» the . hon. and learned member given us any pro»i of this? Has not Hooker, in his EccleFiast'- cal Polity, one of the greatest authorities wiiu reference to thc constitution and principlesH the Church of England, fully admitted tlie principle of this bill. ne asserts it in 1™" terms, and lie argues that thc patron has liaa this right devolved upon hira. But here, M i have already shown, we have no patron?- The people from their own funds supp'.V H' c moans of biildiug churches and su J'f rjrt " iug the Minis'era, and the people, therefore, upon Hooker's principle, « rc entitled to do here what the Patron dors in England. Again, tho hou, and learned M- General denies thnt this Co cnoil ,'is competent to deal avith H o mies'ion- Now, Sir, I an";-'- pttcd this objection by the manner in w™ 1 he profoicd Bill lias been drawn. It dors not assume this house to be possessed «l: ne« or unheard of powers. No, but it proceeds on the prinoiple, that what this House has alrcnny legislated for it may legislate for again lue proposed Dill is nothing more than a very slight and natural developcmcnt of the exisiing Chllrch Act. The present Church Act ol this colony, passed by its Legislative Council has already declared that no salary shall oe issued to any minister, ^those appoiatmeni LJ. «T,t bstn ttaie im MPorfanot, with the laws ; ^BrtncUncraf tlifc -.religions-denomination "»rt which hefcelongs; • So*. Bir, this clause of in rsiating Act Is the basis of the present mea- -«nre I iiuve proved that it is in accordance •;S* the lawJ and principles of the Church <tf Bajlind t'jat the people shouU have ayoioc In tbe jnoniinatfon-'of-their minister^ and all '" that the propose!-Bdl contenipUUi^ is to nuka Ims dart of oar C.iuroa's p.-inJples, a cgn U- tion'of issuinj' salary to her clergy in this oolohy-1 When (he learned gefltlem'in .tried to turn the authority 0f B006.tr against ms, lie did so on the obrions'fillftcy ofqnotinga, pirt • InsteaJ of the fHiOl&. Booker, seeking to make the practice of supporting ministers In Etillani Coincide With bis principles, has Urta passaje. v.Albeit,' .tlicy .{the JJMp'.e) ihoose not by giving every man personally his BirtiJilar voice, yet can they, not say that ficT haro thsir Pastors violently obtrilded upon them." • Now, thebon. the Solicitor General quotes tike fiMt-clausa.of thispasBage to nrovc that, according to Hooker, every nian has not his particular VolSe. But does it invalidate Hcwker'sunqualifled assertion, that "the people caanot.saytliat they have their Pastors tWlently obtruded-upon them ?" .And yet ibis is tlie very right which the Bill I atdaivo- ' eating designs to ooufar lipon tlie peopli'ofthe Church of Bnglaiid in this'colony—the right, nuiiely. of hot liavlng"theirlVitora yiolently obtruded upon them." Was there evera more glaring attempt at obtrusion than in the recent case of Trinity Parish in this city.- The voices ofGOO people are set aiido as of no con- Eidcratioh or value wli»n praying earnestly foi file appointment of n Pastor, whom they, all knew and mistcordially Approved, and who besides came certified to them, as admitted into Priest's orders by thair Bishop, and recommended also by. the Queen's representative. Sur.:ly, if such is tllo way which the Jaws and principles of our Church are to be ever-ridden, it is high time that tha Legislature of this Colony should step in for their defence- For. if not, let me warn the numbers of this house, and let m: warn also the Bishop anl his supporters, if tot I can assore them that the people will not be long in Lilting the mitter into their own bands. He could not better illustrate the advantages of the measme lie was advocating, than by quoting the words of a well-known mm of the present day, when spanking of the fcitne principle under the soip3what different ciroumstanees of -Great Britain. " The principle ofgivinga voice to the people la the choice of their miaisters tSeeined highly reasonable: 'The character of a ministry which tnty cxteni over apsriolof fifty years is of Mtremi impirtonee b> any piriah, A. goolminister may. be the-source of unuum tare! blessings to several generations—a bad minister may entail on them a lasting curse; it seems therefore agreeable to oommin sense thit a C'irbtian people should bs entitle! to prevent tlie sattlemjntof an unjod'y minister among them. There may be such among the oriUiael ministers of th» Cliureli; Julas was such; there were isuch at .Corinth ; tliera tfcre such in Galatia; there were such in Ep'iesasj there have.bsen mvnysujli j Ciiriaeahn his ahmnlelwit'u t.iim' * + It woull 1)2 nothing else bit tyrxnny that the coajregitioa should hj force! to receive an unworthy man as their minister, or to s pafate themselves from the Cauroh to which they are attached No such proceeding is eiwctione I by Scripture; for in that inspire 1 book Chris ians are urge 1 to beware of false prophets who come to them in sheep's cloth • lag, anl if one come as a minister of Christ, but does not brin^ l'ie doctrine of Christ, they are warned not to bid him GoJ speed. Christirns, then, m-jst not listen to fivls3 dosbrine, nor place themselves under the ministry of oao w'.io tenhes it. Nor do apostolical precedents justify such a course. J All thil we real in Scripture of the ordination of ministers shews that in the primitive Church, Church officers were orJainel or jset apart ty the apostles or their suscesors in the ministry, but chosen by the people. When a successor to Judas in the apostolic olice win to be appointed two disciples were selected as the most fitting mon between whom the lot was to be cast; and the selection of these two was mide by the Caristian miltitnle. Sometime nfter this, the circunntan:es trtthe Ciiurcli at Jerusalem demiading that csrtain deacons should be chosen to -olminister the Church funds and for other dulias, who were require! to bo "men of honest report, full of the Holy Ghost and wis loui.' The apostles, inspire!, as they wci'o, woul I not nomincLc these Cjurcli oliccrs but lefj the election to the Church, Listly, when the evanjelic labours of Paul and Bxrnabis bid, through the blessing of Gol, form! 1 virions Chnrchcs in the province of Asia Minor, we mi that they ordained by popular election presbyters for these disciples in every Cliurch. The practice ofaimi tting the people to a vote in the election of their ministers, hiring thus been instituted by the Apostles, continued for a considerable periol in the Christian Churches. Hosheim, the learned Prejhyteriauhistorian, Bingham, the Episio- Silun (ollestor of E;jlesiascical Antiquities; Uoan Walliagton, P.ioli Sirpi, the llomin Citholie Historian of the Procoeiinjs of the Counjil of Trent; and Bsia, tlief.ither of the Cjlnoistic Churches ; Noanlor, the Lutheran Historian of our own days ; Dost, the author of tie.History of tha Morafian brethren; and even Ilooker, with His strong antiprelilejtiouj, 'nil acknowledge this to he the * * Tiie obvio:is effeoti of giving such a power to the people woul 1 be thit "Parents could no longer destine a son to the Ministry, without rog.ird to his religious character or mshtal powers; anl p.itrons wuld no llojgar determine who should be the Ustorofa Parish by mere caprice, nor settle a young mm in an important spiritual relation to reply the'secular scrvice3 rendered t>r his parenl? to serve a dapen Hot or to gratify a friend; but pareats anl pitron woul! bs oblige! to consider whether the talents and virtues of the young mia would Sesure the assent of the parishioners. ' Andifiteicrcisaia liippj 1 inHucnoeupon the Pa'rons in the chaise of a Minister, it wo-jld act still more powerfully on the theological students themselves. Dnder the reign or an almost unrestricted patronage, any youth who had not talent enough for the bar, and was without sufficient industry fur trade, wight be Burc if his parents could only obtain the favour of a Patron, he would get into a Bomrorlable living. But where the people got their power, every theological student knew that, in the absiucc of considerable ability, JMroiag, anl seriousness, to say the ieajf, fie trould be rejected by thorn, oven if ho co.ild Obtain a nomination from the Patron. Access M the ministry being thus denie I to the irreligious and the indolent, man of leirjing anl virtue woull then sae their way open to ports w usefulness. Whether they were of opulent limilies wtt'aoit ecclesiasticalpUronn;e, or of we humblest rank, s'.ill further off from the •miles of the' great, they would no longer have "ie mortification of seeing the ill qualified de- P naanlsof Patrons, without anv kind of ei- Ceiience, by an unworthy favouritism, plaoe J over their heads." Tie hon member would not detain tho house "y.Uugar; be eravel their iudjlgonce for we lmjarfect minnerin which lie ha 1 brought wrwarJ themjasure; ail could ajiir; them J?" ^nothing but an imperative sense of duty , llr eli and the comm inity to whioh lie "Clonal, coal! have.inluoed him to placs "imseir So prom'.ueitly bsfore them. It was " felt convinced that, for tlie good safety „f the Church, no timo was to be Periling a remjdy for the crving tk. . exisiel aming.them; and he S f ™ imjlore 1 hou m i ! a „,t to put «om™ m l l,! "' e > bjt t» show the episcopal fs a ; tn ,°f' ts " lfll ' >,e population, that this hiuse nori . l >3iT5rent to their rights. He DilC m "' l! llie 8=30:11 rsi'inj of the iwftl 1 , 11 KeireU-y .e*p'nn,ol that he Uffl T»I U™ m:,m >"• bti misjlle.-siooj t j 0 ''? <t that ii speaVmg of those oouU not wri'e he hat M)-.k»n in term • It taiJ^y WM not hi ' intention; All Behkf. 'V ' 64y that men who could a,>r Jill' * nte notbs very mood ttai. S *' tJ0 Pec-^r tanats of the elorgythe hon member jourSH 1 ln Wving the -Bijourninjm ot gio deba'e, be Id! no latent Ion to burke the question: his only object was tb give time for consideration. With regard to the allusion to the meeting opening with prayer, he liad only atludei to the &ct; wilhout uuy conteniptuous iitention. Tho Speaker theb put the question on the intendment, which .was nesatived. A ^division was called for on tlie second reeling, with the following i-esnlt:— . ATGS 7. '.."., Ndas 9. Mr. Clianmin . Colonial Secretary ' —Clerke Solicitor General *— Archer • Mr. Allison 7- 1 GJeadoW — Nut( ~ Morrison -<\- Bisdee Captain Fenton — Anstey Mr Kermode(Teller) — Grcgson Cox — Leake (Teller) 