POLICE .COURT. Monday, 10th Oct. Before the Police Magistrate. DRU.NKAnDS. John Lyons. Mary Ann Wilsoen John M31ui roe, Samuel 3Marshall, and John Ferris, were tined in sums oft20sand 40l each for drunktn ness the two preceding days. RtontERY. James Lane was charged with. robbery from the person. Owing to the absence ofa mate rial witness, the prisoner was remanded -for examination till this day. BRE.tCI. OF TIIE TowN. FOLICE ACT. William Mason was charged with working his dray in the public streets of the town, with his nare and'number on the water barrel in stead of upon, the off side of the cart.. Upon the information being read over, .Mason produced the tin plate, which he stated he wore upon his barrel, and then from anotLer pocket produced anotherplatebeanng his nuase and number, which he alleged was conspicu ously placed upon the off shafts of his dray, whenever he was working the vehicle as a licensed dray for the removal ofgoods, &c.; The case was ordered to be dismissed. Cornelius Machin was charged with- driving his horse and cart over the footpath in Yart street, on Friday last Mr Davison, on whose behalf thel defendant was working, explained to .the Bench that he was building on the soot. and had'a license to occupy the front of the premises with building materials, but instead of depositing such mate rials in the public thoroughfare, he had them drawn at once into his yard; and'inuso doing mast necessarils cross the footpaths The defendant was- cautioned; and' dis charged: John M'Gregor was charged by Sergeant Lidstone, of thte Corporation Police, with riding upon the shafts. of his dray through the streets of the town. such-being contraiy to the Town Pblice Regulation:. Upon enquiry by the magistrate, it appeared, that 31'Gregor had'the reins of the shaft horse in his hand, but not of the leader, and such being apractice ecquallydangerous to the person riding, and to the public, ordered him to pay a line of l0s, with the costs of the court. WAGES A person of the name of Read appeared he fore the Bench, to call upon Mr. James Boucher to show cause why he should not pay the sum of £40, wages alleged to be due for work and labour done, as an engineer, in the dcfendant's service. Mr John McGregor deposed, that he was em ployed by Mr Boucher to superintend and alter the position and action of a steam-engine: that he was backwards and forwards upon the de fendant's premises every other day for a period of ten weeks, on an understanding of receiving as payment 25s per day. The Magistrate required McGregor to state definitively what exact time he worked for Mr Boucher. which he being unable to do, the case was ordered to be dismissed, with a recom mendation to the complainantj to sue Boucher in the County Court. A GHOtT sTrory. A lady of the name of Barratt. alias Iarris, appeared before the Bench to charge a man of the name of Carter, residing at Cowie's Creek, with using towards her obscene and indecent language. In proceeding with this charge, Barrett re peated, in a very fluent style, the objectionab-e language complained of, which consisted in Carter coming to her premises, and upbraiding her with having seen her former husband's ghost; and also stated that Carter complained of her late husband's ghost haunting him, coupling the description ef the supernatural visitation with some very objectionable adjec tives. The Slagittate remarked upon. the noncha lance and ease with which the complainant recapitulated the foul language, and considered that a female, who could act in public in this manner, was more likely to hare used such language herself, rather than the individual she - complained of, and consequently distlssed the charge. CtHARt.g ArsIa.rT I'oLIrCE.F.%. Constable John Rigon was placed before the Police IMaistrate and the Inspector of Police, e charged hy Sergeant McDonald, with being unfit for duly through intemperance, on Satur-: day night last. Ryan when called upon, was still fumnd to be under the effects. and was ordered to be1 kept in cus:ody until this tmoming, when the case will be gone into. ConstableV Watts was then called upon to answer the implication of having been the worse for drink on Saturday list. when hisi serviees were required for public duty. i After a severe admonition from the Police Manistrate. Watts was ordered to pay a fine of 2ts., with the intimation that a repetition of I such conduct would renderhim liable to a much more severe punishment. Constable Lennon was the next eorso?n charged by Sergeant McDontald "with being unfit for duty as a policeman on Sa:urity night last. Lennon admitted the impeachment to a cer tain extent, but assured their WVornsi,'s that although he had had a glass or so, he was" in a surdciently sober state to have performed his duty satisfactory. Lennon was cantioned and fined 40s. Constable Martin was the next person helon? ing to the Geelong Police Force, charged with the unbecoming vice of- drunkenness, when required for public duty; this lbeing the first offence brought.publicly against Martin, and he bearing an excellent character, he was fine 40s. with an intimation that a repetition of such conduct,-wonld induce the Bench to deal with him under the 'Varant Act. Constables Rloaih and .Iarrington, were charged by the senior- sergent of the Geelong Police, with- being-, drnk on duts-, wirhen stationed on the hank in Yarra-street. It being Roach's first offence, 'and, being a very young sian, hewas admonished and dis charged; and 'Iarrington, who is-old enough to know better, and hidbeentibrought before the Inspector of Police oa severaloccasions iefore hand, and'ordered topay a fine of0-ls. with- a like intimatioff concerning the Ya rant?et,fas had'been given to -3fitin. 