THE PASTORAL LETTER OF JOHN BEDE, Bz the GkAce of God and the Favor of thb Holt; AposxoLrcSEK, Archbishop op Sydney, Metro* poiitan of Australia, to the Faithful op the Archdiocese — Clergy and Laity— in Pro mulgation os thb Dispensations Granted, eor the Lent of the Year 1853, Dearly Beloved Brethren in Jesus Christ : 11 And we helping, do exhort jou thatyou recelyej - not the Grace of God in vain. For He saith : in an accepted time bave 1 heard thee, and in the day of Salvation have I helped thee. Behold cow uthe acceptable time : behold now is the day of Salvation. ....In all things let us exhibit ourselves as the ministers of God.'— St. Paul to the Cor.,.2ad Eg.* ch. vi., y.y. 1—4, , \ In these words of tlie great Apostle to the Gen tiles, our Holy Mother the Church each year at the commencement of the Penitential Seaaon of Lent, fxhorts us to fulfil our Christian Duties ; she is aware of the difficulties her children must meet with ; therefore does *he, in the language of the same Apostle, insist upon this fulfilment, in whatever cir cumstances we may be placed : ?? in much patience, in tribulations, in necessities, in distresses, in labours, in fastings, and watchings ; by honour and dishonour ; as sorrowful yet always rejoicing— as hsving nothing ?yet-possessing all things ;'-But at the same time; ?he points out to us the means by which we may be .enabled to fulfil them—' in the word of truth , in the power of God— in the Holy Gbosi'-through whose presence in the soul come ?? charity, knowledge, long luffering, sweetness, and charity unfeigned.' * Thus to the Christian, the fulfilment of bis obli gations, as a Christian, constitutes the real business of life. To this every object, every pursuit, every employment ought to be rendered subservient. To aid us in the fulfilment of- them are the Sacraments ordained, the Graces of Heaven given ;- Prayer, Fasting, Alma Deeds, are commanded, very power ful means to assist us in the accomplishment of all our duties, as the disciples of Jesus Christ. Yet in our continued attention to the concerns of this world, in our eagerness to make our own its wealth and its enjoyments, we are too apt to forget, or to omit them as though they were of slight account. And furthermore we are instructed, that not only ?the Priest who stands before the Altar is the Minister .or Servant of God— but that each Christian in bis respective capacity is also the minister of God, to whom duties of a more or less exalted character are assigned by his great Master ; and for the due dis charge of these duties, he is strictly responsible ; that no pretext ean excuse. Eternal happiness is the reward promised to him who shall be found faith ful unto the end ; endless misery tho consequence of, .neglect. Wherefore we are now exhorted to renovate the ?Bpirit of our mind, and to apply ourselves to the Bccomplishment of all our duties, according to our respective states of life. We are encouraged to -do so by the assurance that this u an acceptable Mme— these the days of Salvation —when the wounds of our divine and living Redeemer pour forth a greater abundance of Graces ; when the omission or negligences of the past may more readily .meet with forgiveness; when dispositions, in accor dance with the importance of our obligations, under ?the influence of this Holy Time, are more readily formed. Let us not imagine, Dearly Beloved, that simply by our obedience to the Regulations of the Church ?regarding fasting and abstinence., we shall ^corres pond .with their intentions. We must enter seri ,ously into ourselves.; we must bring before our minds the manner in which we live— and with this compare our obligations as.Christians, and as Chris tians we have particular duties to discharger--as Priests, Pastor?, Parents, Masters, Mistresses, Ser vants, Children— that so we may amend what is de fective, atone for past neglect by greater exactitude .and fervour in the future. Having given you this general admonition, we .shall address ourselves now to those amongst you who ;tiave the important duties attached to the qffiee of ?the .Christian .Parent^to discharge— we shall proceed to mention. and to explain some of these duties. Christian .Parents ! A sacred deposit is placed in . .-your hands. -Through you the great Creator hath 'given existence to. beings destined to be immortal, to be elevated hereafter to a higher and far happier ?state-r— for this they are to be prepared- they are ,-under jour authority for this end ; and whilst you -form your Children for Heaven, you will make them .good members of society, — faithful and loving Ciiil- i dren of .their Holy Mother the Church, your own .comfort, ths support and. solace of your Children Is your .first and principal obligation, and in the dis charge of it you have several duties towards them to fulfill: Firstly.rr- Yourselves, or by others, you have to , teach them the doctrines, precepts and counsels of .their Holy Religion. Secoadly.— 'You have to form them to virtue by .advice, admonition, and correction. ,Thjrdly.— You have to give to your Children good example, so that you yourselves shall be as a light and a staff to them in the dark and difficult paths of life. 1.— We have stated, Dearly Beloved, that you are .obliged, either personally or by others, to instruct your children in Christian doctrine. A Christian Mother will be most anxious that tbe hand of her Child shall form the all saving sign of Redemption, even before its meaning can be by it understood. .She will not : be-less anxious that the first use of the tongue shall be sanctified by the holy name of Jesus and.jjf Mary, which are, or ought to bo, as familiar to the Christian as the air we breathe.. She will .carefully watch the.deyelopement of mind, in order that the seeds of, virtue may be sown at the earliest period. Oh Christian Mother ! teach your infant child to love God its Creator— speak of His wondrous work— of His power— Hia goodness— speak often of Jeaus its Redeemer— teach it how holy it has been made Jjv^jbaptism, teach it, that besides you it has another mother— bo good, so holy — so beautiful, so abounding in all that is amiable and endearing, even the Mother of Jesus the sweet Babe of Bethlehem — teach it long before it can comprehend what sin is in detail, that being an offence against God, sin is to be dreaded beyond all things.— Christian Mother, Christian. Father, uke your own propei exalted posi tion in; your family. Remember, says St. Austin, that in your family you are Apostles— Bishops who have to watch so a.3 to render an account to God of the immortal souls entrusted to your care. Your home is in one sense a Church : therein you minister to tbe Moat High.; there you are to instruct, to reprove, to j expostulate, to teach your Children the great truths | of Religion, the true principles of moral conduct, the .details of Christian obligation, Christian privileges —the hopes and fears which alone ought to reguiate j .conduct— for they reach sven unto eteruily. AH these ' .are cuataiued in tUeCatschism. » 9 And this is your duty to teach your Children. If from circctnstances you are not enabled to devote sufficient time, then must you provide another and competent person to perform this duty for you.— And we readily acknowledge that many Parents cannot, by reason of circumstances fulfil this duty to Us full extent. The support of. the family may depend on the daily labour of the Parents ; the entire day may be taken up with domestic concerns, yet even the busiest, we imagine may find time after the labours of the day. What more delightful, more consoling occupation to a Christian Father than to gather his little ones ahont him, and in the manner .which fear and affection will inspire, to impress upon their minds, the Truths of holy Religion — the object of devout prayer— the mawner of performing it. This however is not sufficient- it is therefore your duty to send your children to school— not merely that th«y may learn to read and to write, and to cast accounts : — these do not, as many think, consti tute Education — you send them to .school also that thny may be taught more fully those doctrines and principles of their Holy Faith, which your occu pations, do not allow you time to inculcate. Hence the first and principal teaching which a Christian parent will require, is that the Catechism shall be assiduously and reverently taught ; the first and principal qualification in a Master, that be shall be by his own conviction competent to teach it, and by his conduct fitted to illustrate its practical doctrine3. If however you make up your consciences to send your children to schools in which the Catechism is not taught— then remember that the responsibility of teaching and instructing your children comes upon you in its full weight— whatever may be your occupation, or the pressure of your domestic con cerns, you must find time to teach eaoh day or nearly so, a portion of the Catechism to your children — when this duty is discharged in School, you ar* so far released ; if, not, then are you under an indispen sable obligation to teach it yourself. And as your children grow up, you will not ne glect to read to them or cause them to read works explanatory of our Holy Faith, illustrative of its doctrine. Let them be bo taught their religion, as to give an account of the Faith and Hope which is in them. Alas ! the days of Christian simplicity are passed ! We live in times when by reason of the' material, earth-absorbing character of the Education which is sought after, and found, and prized, it is required from the Christian, not only' to believe, but to hold fast the solidity of his belief in the face of the deluder, and of the scorner. Portions of tbe Sacred Scriptures you will read or cause to be read with the greatest respect and reverence. The His torical Catechism of Fleury ; the History of the Bible,— the History of tbe Christian Church, the Poor Man's Catechism, Butler's Lives of the Saints, the Catholic Christian Instructed, are work?, all or some of which at least we wish to be introduced into every family. They are easily to be procured at small cost, and contain a large amount of Christian knowledge. The vast tide of prosperity has carried away an objection, which some time since would have been used as an excuse for not providing Prayer Books, Catechisms, and Books for Religious Instruction,— namely, that the expense of procuring such Books could not be afforded. Even now there may be some to usa such an excuse and to act upon it, .even as we see there are some who, with abundant means at their command, live in a manner devoid of real comfort and propriety. Unfortunately that which should be devoted to promote them is spent in mise rable attempts at display in dress. That which with economy would provide for the month is spent in the day, and the real wants of the family remain un relieved—to gratify silly vanity. For frequently — that is spent in the Public House, which ought to be used to purchase wholesome food, decent clothing, and Books of Instruction for tbe Children. What shall we say of such conduct ? It is an. outrage upon Nature's holiest law. - Moreover there is practical instruction to be communicated to your Children. They are to be taught habitually and practically so to live that the accomplishment of the will of their Creator shall be to them the primary object for which they live, the pivot on which their thoughts, words, and actions turn— They are to be taught at how great a price they have been redeemed, that their souls redeemed at so great a price have been sanctified by the graocs of the Holy Spirit, that they are the Temples of the living God, They are to be warned against the maxims of the world ; taught and made to practise the essential duty of self-control— Oh bow grievously afflicting to see Children indulged in all that they crave ; — per- mitted uncorrected, unpunished, to fly off into a passion, or to become sulky and pettish when refused the gratification of their wishes ! Let your Children be taught to curb their tempers to be obedient, to be grateful for all that you' do for them. Let them be taught to say their prayers with respect and devotion. Let them be habituated to walk in the presence of God — to commune with Him by frequent ejaculations or expressions of love, of hope, of sorrow for sin, to consecrate their actions to Him— to live in humble dependance on Him. Let your Children be taught to be truthful, candid, and upright ; to esteem a life of industry— to love honest labour, to hold in utter contempt that miserable existence made up of idleness, vanity, and arrogance, of sensuality and foppishness, which frequently is met with in the present day. And, Dearly Beloved, much of this most useful of all learning is to be imbibed by your Children from the conversation you hold with them— or in their presence. On the other hand, if the world and its follies are made by you the subject of praise and of admiration, if the possession of wealth and the moans of sensual ei?juyme.iu be continually spoken of, as above ail oiUer things to be coveted and Bought after ; if Religion and its consolations are seldom even alluded to ; if thoughtlessly things, and places, and persons and Sicred Institutions are mentioned with disrespect treated with ridicule, and turned off as matters ol secondary eonsiik-isiVion, it may bo, with contempt ; * if rude indiscriminate censure is pronounced even upon Authority you yourselvos would wish them to hold in reverence, do not suppose, Dearly Beloved, that an occasional abstract moral maxim will counte ract tbe deleterious effects of your habitual conversa tion. Once more, Christian Parents, I repeat, the Home of your Children is a Church which contains most holy things, even Souls redeemed by the blood of Jesus Christ— commended to your affectionate solici tude by Nature, committed to your charge by Him who through you has given them an immortal existence. Remember, that in regard of your Chil dren you are the Ministers of God, and in a certain sense Dispensers of the Mysteries of Chrisf. How important the duties incumbent upon you ! We proceed to speak of the duty of Parents which may be considered as most essential. Parents! On you, or on those deputed by you. your children have a sacred claim, for instruction, There is however, a duty to be discharged in their regard, which cannot be transferred to another— That duty is good example. Without tbe fulfilment of this duty,— Instruction, Exhortation, Expostula tion, will be of little avail. When your Children, Dearly Beloved, have come to the years of reason you are the first objects to whieh their attention is directed by nature. On you, they will form themselves instinctively, or be formed ; with you they live, with you they speak, — of course your habits will become their habits — your mode of thought, of speech, of action, will become, theirs. Happy, thrice happy Parents ! Happy, thrice happy Children— if Piety be theirs, enthroned by Nature herself in their young hearts ! Dearly Beloved,- let your conduct ba such, that they mny Imitate your virtues, your daily life the first bock out of which your Children learn hew to live. Good Members of Society, good Christians, be Models of all that is good — to your Children. Never let a word pass your lips, nor yet be uttered by others in your pre sence at variance with the strictest regard to Virgi nal, to Sacerdotal Modesty— Let there be no olject, no suggestive contingency which map sully or dis turb the purity of their yet innocent minds and affec tions. Circumspection in this matter cannot be too great. But, Dearly Beloved Brethren, if you speak and act without reserve, under the impression that your Chil dren cannot understand, or donotnoticeyour absence of reserve, be assured your Children will take in sin by every sense. In plain truth, if you do not live up to your Religion,. in vain will you strive to conceal the disorders of your conduct from your Children. Take the opinion of one who has had much experience. Nothing escapes their observation, although rr.uch they pass by without uttered remark. Remember, Dearly Beloved, if you do not live up to your Religion, your advice to your Children is valueless— your reproofs useless ; the testimony of their eyes will prevail over the testimony of their ears. They will contrast your conduct with your ad monitions, and feeling how unworthy you are to re prove and admonish — by reason of your own neglect of Religious Duty— you will give way to vexation and anger, and then, saying much that had better not be said — their respect for your authority will be lessened, the substance of your reproof will be un heeded ; but the language, the curses, the o.iths will be daily remembered to be by themselves used alas ! in due peason. Parents! If your lives beat variance with your Christian obligations, how can you expect to bring up your Children in the fear and love of the Lord ? How will you inspire them with a reverential regard for Morning and Evening Prayer, if they never see you bend your knees in humble supplication to God ? How can you suppose they will frequent the Sacra ments, which they have known you for years to neglect ? How can you direct them to keep their passions under, whilst you exercise no restraint over your temper or tongue ? How can a Mother teach her Daughters to hoid the vanities of the world in contempt, whilst she practically shows how much she regards them ? Will a covetous Father form his Children to generosity of disposition ; or one who overreaches, inculcate honesty and uprightness ? Do not delude yourselves into a belief that conduct and counsel so glaringly opposed will escape their noticp. ' Be assured, that so soon as your Children are free from your control — or that their own self-esteem has gained the upper hand of respect for you, your admonitions will be disregarded and your example followed. And if the Saviour of the world has declared that it would be better for him who hath been a cause of Sin to a little one, to have been pre viously cast into the depths of the Sea,* what will be the punishment of the Parents who have become, by their unchristian conduct and bad example, a rock of scandal ; the instructors in wickedness to their own Children ! ? St. Matt. ch. iy v. 6. Dearly Beoved, the instructions and example of Parents exercise the greatest influence over their Offspring in after life. Even in the deplorable case of a Child taking to evil courses, under the impulse of strong passions or of bad associations — there is every reason to hope, that first good impressions will not be erased — virtue will resume her Bway — the seed will not be destroyed. ' Bring up your Child,' tlie word of Gcd admonisheth ; '- in the way in which he should go, and when he is old, he will not depait from it.' The chaste Susannah was carefully taug(u the law of God whilst voung. and the fear of the Lord, and the sense of the Divine Presence theu impressed upon her Soul, sustained her courage when danger was most imminent. The young Tubiat», in like manner, was taught by hia virtuous Father ; in a sirange land, he kepi himself undt filwl b-* the afoo 'minationS'Of Gentile life and amidst general depra vity, and evea with the apostacy of many bpfjre his eyes, he remained faithful. The Blessed Virgin was ? brought by her devout Parents St. Anne and St, Joachim in the love and fear of Got). Their cares #ere amply compensated in the dutifulness and in creasing Virtues of their Daughter. May such also, Parents ! be your reward. Let your first solicitude bo to give your Children a good Christian Education — 10'instruct them in their diuies and obligations, and by a holy exemplary life ? ' . ? * to illustrate your teaching. Thus you will discharge your consciences of your principal obligation ; you will give your children the most valuable inheritance ; for yourselves in the hour of need— on your death bed — you prepare unspeakable comfort. ' Bring ? up your children in the way they should go, and when they are old they will not depart from it.' In conclusion. — En'er upon this holy season of Lent with a de'ermination to comply with the end for which it has been instituted. Retire from the world, so far as circumstances permit; have no part in its amusements. Exercise a salutary restraint over all your appetites. In the Church — in your chamber — fa the solitude of the Bush— meditate oa the Great Eternal Truths — on Death—its csrtainiy and its uncertainty— tie dreadful judgment whicli wiil follow— the happiness of Heaven — the never ending torments of tbe wicked. Prepare with par ticular care to receive the Holy Sacraments, It some considerable time has elapsed since you were at Confession, do not defer until the close of Lent, but even at the commencement, dispose yourselves to have part in the meiciful forgiveness granted in the Sacred Tribunal of Penance. So will you be enabled with more abundant fruit to partake of the life giving Sacrament of the Blessed Eucharist. Thua invigorated you will with fervour, exnotitu.de, and perseverance, accomplish all your Ciiris.un duties and merit the reward of eternal life. Finally, Dearly Beloved ' be stress ihened in the Lord and the might of his pawer — Put ye on the armour of God, that you may be able to stand^gaiost the deceits of. the Devil. -For our wrestling is not against fl;sh and blood, but against princ pnlity and powers, against the rulers of the world of tbis dark ness — Stand therefore having your loins girt about with truth, and having on the Breas. -plate of justice, and your feet shod with the preparation of the Gospel of Peace — In all things take, tho word of God,' St. Paul Ep,no the Phillip, ch. vi. v. II. And thus' be ye steadfast and onmoveable, always abounding in the woik of the Lord knowing ihat your labour is not vain in the Lord.' St. Paul to Cor. 1 Ep. ch. xv. v. 58. ' The grace of our L rd Jeaus Christ, and the charity of God, and the com munication of tbe Holy Ghost, be with you all Amen.'. —2nd to the Cor. ch. xm. v. 13; t John Bbde, Archbishop of Sydney, t Charles Henry, Bishop-Coadjutor. 