LAUNCESTON EXAMINER, Saturday, 13th August, 1853. JUBILEE. Two centuries and a decade have passed away since a frail bark, the Heemskirk, with its tender, the fly-boat Zeehaan, ploughed these seas. But on board there were noble and enterprising souls, intent on the discovery of a great south land, which the science of the day deemed neces- sary as a counterpoise to the continent of Europe. The mariners visited Mauritius, and left on the 8th of October, 1642, steering an eastward course. On the 24th of Nov. land was descried by the Dutch voyager, Abel Jans Tasman: but storms drove him from the coast, and it was not till 1st Dec. he cast anchor in Frederick Henry Bay, thus named in honor of the then Stadtholder of Holland. On the day following, the com- mander of this tiny fleet and his companions landed on the island of Van Diemen's Land, and for the first time civilised feet pressed the soil of Tasmania. More than a century elapsed till the French, under Capt. Marion, visited the island in 1772. Capt. Furneaux, second in command in Captain Cook's expe dition, accidentally touched here the year following ; and that celebrated discoverer, in the course of his third and last voyage, himself anchored in its bays. In 1789 the brig Mercury, John Henry Cox, master, sailed into Oyster Bay. Captain Bligh, afterwards Governor of New South Wales, stopped at Van Diemen's Land in 1788, on a mission to Tahiti to procure bread- fruit trees for the West Indies. This was frus- trated by the mutiny of his crew in the Bounty; but undaunted by failure, he sailed to Timor in an open boat, reached England, returned to the South Seas, and reappeared in Adventure Bay in 1792. In 1792 3', D'Entrecasteaux and Huon Kermandee, in search of La Perouse, explored Storm Bay and its approaches. Captain Hayes of the Bombay Marine examined the same inlet and its vicinage in 1794. Bass in a a six oared whaleboat, hailing from Sydney, determined that Van Diemen's Land was an island : this was afterwards confirmed by Flinders and Bass in the Norfolk, a sloop of twenty-five tons, when they discovered Port Dalrymple, named after the then hydrographer to the admiralty, and threaded the windings of the Tamar, after which they coasted round to the Derwent, and circumnavigated the island. Flinders was-subsequently appointed to the Investi- gator, and with him the celebrated naturalist Brown, who wandered on the banks of the Tamar and Derwent collecting shrubs and flowers, of which 3,900 species reached England in safety. So early as 1723 Colonel Purry, hence forth to be classed with the visionaries Watt, Arkwright, Fulton, and Wheat- stone ventured to assert that in these regions a favorable clime and fertile soil rendered them peculiarly suitable for European settlements. But it was not until the banishment of prisoners to America had become impracticable, and the overcharged descriptious of Botany Bay had become familiar, that the British government decided that locality should be the scene of a new penal experiment. A fleet, consisting chiefly of convicts, sailed from the Mother- bank in May, 1787, and in February next year the governor was inaugurated. It would be useless to dwell on the vicissitudes of the convict colony in its earlier years. They will be found in, the classical history of the author and delegate of the Australasian League--the Rev. John West. Van Diemen's Land was first taken possession of as suitable for an ultra penal settlement, to which the irreclaimable of Botany Bay were to be banished, and Lieutenant Bowen on Wednes- day (10th August) fifty years ago formally took possession of it for that purpose. And do we celcbrate this event? We do heartily, joyfully, loudly ; not because it belonged to "lowest deep," and was pro- claimed a " lower deep," but because it is a jubilee of occupation, and the accession of freemen has rendered it impossible to register the event as an epoch of serfdom. The living cargoes of the Calcutta and Ocean repulsed at Port Phillip retreated to Risdon, and Col. Patterson was despatched with a party to occupy the norther part of the island. The first governor-in-chief, King, was the son of an English draper, and the best lieutenant-governor of this island, Franklin, was the child of a small English shopkeeper. All honor to trades men who produce such scions. This brief historical sketch must suffice as an exordium. It would be painful to dwell long on this joyous occasion near the fetid relics of corrupt administrations. The ghosts of despotic governors with their attendant slaves, composed of rebel spies rewarded for perfidy, perjured men basking in the smile of vice-regal benignity, detected forgers covered by paternal wings from the merited punishment which the law awards to slanderers, professional cut- throats and highway robbers applauded and patronised by the executive in their efforts to silence and subdue by force the expression of public opinion--will rise in view of the imagination. Nominees and officials, who symbolised with the scum and offscouring of society, will appear in the train ; but it is a pageant of selfish and unprincipled rascality often let loose upon society, but hereafter to be regarded as a vision that has passed away for ever. At the word of command they at once burst from their kennels, the boozing kens and haunts of infamy, to menace the general peace and intimidate by their bludgeons and rum bottles drained to the lastdregs, a meeting legally assembled, when they cleared the platform of the most respectable citizens and swept from the chair the Speaker of the local parliament. This was done under the auspices of the local executive. No enquiry into, no redress for, this outrage was made or offered; but the savage souls which countenanced the act of violence, grinned approbation like "moody madness laughing. wild amid severest woe." But there was the music of the nether regions to solace the chafed spirit of the chief-men who depended on his fiat for their position, chanted his praise in discordant notes When he did what the meanest serf does much better, dissemble and fib, they pro- nounced the action an extraordinary example of virtue--when he resisted the will of the community--misrepresented their wishes, denounced them as revolu- tionists -- opposed them by power and squandered their resources--the faction applauded. Human nature has not changed, though its manifestations differ in altered phases of society. When Alexander, in a fit of inebriety plunged a dagger into the bosom of his faithful friend, and Nero assassinated his mother, there were not wanting troops of parasites to vindicate the deed. Sir William Denison has marched a steadily from complicity to compromise, and from compromise to complicity. He has taken advantage of his position to malign the colonist, but posterity will have its revenge. The Nemises of truth will hand his memory down to young Australians, accompanied by marks of indignation, detestation, and abhorrence, from which the meanest-souled would shirnk. What Judge Jeffereys was on the bench, that the Lieutenant - Governor in the seat of authority, will appear to Australians to have been. 'He has misled two administra- tions, and all parties, have now discovered the real author of multiplied wrongs, persisted in so long as to all but dissolve the connexion of Australia with England. But why place so dark a picture before the colonists at this moment? It is to remind them that though they have gained, the victory, the odds against them were fearful. They cannot prize those too highly whose perseverance, activity, and self sacrifice have contributed so largely to the achievement of freedom. 'We gladly turn from the subject to topics less exciting. At the general muster in 1820 the population of this island, free and bond, was 5,499 souls It is now at least 80,000, andi its shipping,; imports, exports, ` houtse', liye, stocic, and. cultivated lands t have icreanspd ini an equal, ratio. Its t literary,`sciontific, benovolent, and religioub s institution8 indicate the progress of the eo- ' lony'ih virtue and piety. There is indeed s ' a blank 'epaco that covers the five years, t during which all the convicts of the empire t were cast upon our shores. Populati6n did j not increase it remained stationary, and 'c property declined in value. Wages were i low, but the majority of employers were r on the brink of ruin, or precipitated over t the cataract of insolveney. By compromise nftuy retained their properties, but it was a season of gloom ; buit since the Aus tralasian League was organized, gold dis. covered, and wages rose, the worth of property has increased, atd' multitudes who ! were poor men in. 1851'have without the I slightest exertion become affluent, The material prospects of the island were never I more cheering : labor securos an ample reward, anld there is room for mnillions of inhabitants. Perhaps,. socially considered, there is not now an Australian settlement to be pre ferred to Tasinshtia. We are ma transition state, but the time will soon arrive wvhen. enterprise will provide 'convenient houses for) emigrants, and a division of land for their occupation. And they, by their example, shall diffuso an influence that will correct erratic habits, and all but annihilate vicious` customs. All the elements' of i comfort are indigetious to this' sea girt isle. : A fertile soil, timber of the beist quality, water power (tho cheapest motive force) is unlinited, clay for bricki in every locality, freestone, limeston, ''and coal 'in rich abundance '"ind to these God has added a genial climate under which the gooseberry of England,'and the grape of France alike ripen to perfection. Centuries niiiet elapse before the jprescnt'condition of Europe can be realized-vast masses of wealth in proximity' to pinching poverty. This will be emphatically a land of Homes where all willing to toil may secure a competence and be;able to treasure up 'a provision for old' age. If religion' and edunation are left to their own inherent energies directed and promoted by the patriotic and pious no. himlet' will leck it schoolmaster and religious instructor.' We' have confidence in the age, we have 'faith in man := Better ip the nimss of men, suspicion, than thy fears, Kindei than thy thoughts, 0 chilling heart of pre dance, 1'urertthan thy jiadgments, ascetic tongue of censure, In all things worthier to. love, if net also wiser to esteem. Yea, let the moralist condemn, there bo large cx tenuations of his verdict, Let the misanthrppashun men and abjure-the 'worst are rather loveable than hateful. How many pleasant faces shed their light on every side? How niany angels, unawares, have -crossed thy way? 'It would be invidious to 'distinguish what it is so'diflciult to discriminate: The colonists' as a body have been consistent, eneigetic, acid persevering. The purse and pen, ' the platform speaker at noonday and night-tho plodding secretaries and 'the ':toilin. writers, whose compositions' -have "smelt of the morning lamp," have all in their' measure' aided the general, cause of freedom. These, so' far as known, have' been appropriately acknowledged, as well as valued friends 'n Britain. But there is a class to whom high honor, is due-the matrons of the 'colony. They have-suffered much : 'they- have been condemned.by the executive to become the cooks, the house maids, the washerwomen, the 'nursemaids 'Of the establishment.' Ladies by birth, education,, and circumstances, have by. a vicious policy been subjected to two alter natives-either to employ murdresses from the factory to perform menial services or to do the 'vork themselves. With a heroic fortitude they have chosen the latter; and "when'the 'husband in his affectionate regard has' sought counsel by'. a glance 'from his partnier as to the course he should adopt, the reply in innumerable instances mightbo told in th0'tonching lines of Felicia flemanis I know what thou would'st do, and beit done, Thy soul is darkened with its fears forpie.' !'trust me to heaven, my-husband I thi thy son The babe whom I have borns.thee must be free I 4nd the sweet memory of our pleasant hearth' May well"give strength,' if inght' bo 'strong on earth. "." ;Tho mothersof Tasmania merit all honor, ,gnd we bhre tender~our 'heartfelt'imnecdlof praise, It has bebe nseras6n of suffering in bvery:houseliold, but success has crowne4 the effort, Let us reineniliei*, the words of the wise : "Struggle, thou art better for the sLrife, tho very energy will hearten thee. Suffering brings gratitude, suffering blos some into beauty. and. forms into fruit, and the path of the just, though it be taiaful and troubled, is yet a shining path, bearing a joyful certainty of progression to the porfcect day." There is an observant eye above who watches the conduct of the censcieitious: militant,, and sends succor.in extremity; though we may not regard tho help Weak souls there are who little deem Their daily strife anaangel's theme, And that the rod they take so calm, Shall prove in heaven a martyr's palm. But a word. to the native yoqth congre. gated oon this glad occasion. Your fathers have fought and won the victory more for you than for themselves. Tasmania is a free state-keep. lher free. Thue heritage of liberty is yours : . never compromise it eithor in civil or religious affairss Eigland has her revolutions, from wlich she dates her career of freedom: America has her revolution, which serves to mark the era of heer grandeur, and Tasmania may now boast of her bloodless revolution,- for her jubilee the tenth of August, 1853, not only celebrates a period but cannonizes freedom. Many have toiled in darkness, and amid I discouragemenrts for your 'bondfit, and worked in 'a lurid light. Like tlie'maritiedf inn murky night,' toseed 'by theostori6\ aind' rocked' by the billows, they havi' stood1'l'y 'the tiller and adjutted'their canvas tibthd gide. They hltte never'lost sight of',thelpdleý star of hope, and have successfully 'guided the bark of liberty to the haven 'of repose, under the guidance of that constellation, which' the lihand of omnipotence has 'arranged in the sacred figuro of thih cross. Let'the' eiblem be cherished by you, and veneration for' the flag on which it is displayed be inculcated on your children. Like the pillar of fire by night, and the cloud of smoke' by 'day, 'it has hitherto directed your path, and 'discomfited your enemies. The' song of Moses, and Miriam is yours, for you have been delivered out of more than"Egyptian bondage. The enemy said, I will pursue-I will overtake, twill divide the spoil: my desire shall be satisfied upon thema; I will draw my sword : my hand shall destroy them. Thou didst blotv with thy'wiod, the sea covered them ;' They sank as lead in the mighty wvaters. Sing ye to the Lord, for hi. liath triumphed glori ously, The horse and his rider lath he thrown inio the son.. We ask hot the display of resentment towards those who leave endeavored in stolid ,ignorance to stay the progress of themselves and their neighbors, but wve do demand a manly silence and cool contempt towards the factious minority impervious to reason. We know, there will be plausible pleas advanced for fraternizationwith what is triumphant, but they deserve no credit. The guilty culprit when apprehended, tried, and condemned is very penitent, no . doubt, but it is not the criminality of which he repents, but the penalty to which his guilt exposes him. Of those who now take part in' the f celebration, of this 'first.; Jubilee ofthe Scolony, there will be some that will surviveo and share the second. But how' different will be the circumstances ? Their, iuni s cipal councils will be composed'of natives .the constituents of'tleeir parliament will be, e natives, and their officials in every grade will be natives, and their governor will1 be s native freely chosen for a term of years by .the suffrage of the, people. Their fathers,,have turned their backs to the sun \- that they might the earlier behold the har o binger rays of a new era on the oppo site mountains. . We ' have seen them 'and retire, in peace, leaving ,our 3 children to enjoy the full meridian of, a d coming , day. We: have: glanced 'at the reflection given . back 'from _ Nature's e highest pinnacleis, but the full effulgence is reserved for the gaze of the children assem bled in, St. John's-square. We' cannot enter .into explanation, but this we will assert, peculiar privileges and distinctions, unwarranted by reality, will have an end : I but the people are eternal n 'his liberty alone that give's thee flower Of fleeting life its lustre and perfum;, And we, are weeds without it. All constraint, , Except what wisdom lays on evil men, if Is evil.'' 