To the Editors of the Sydney Morning Herald. GENTLEMEN—My attention has, this day, been called to a statement regarding the School of Arts, in your paper of tho 12th instant. The writer, in an article on the Productions, &c.;, of New South Wales, has, in laboured phraesology, taken some pains to show that this Institution is amongst the most worthless of its kind in any time or place—that it produces no amount of good whatever; nay, that its tendencies and results are altogether mischievous, or in the writer's hazy, Kantean style, that "it has been objective to no principle of good, while it has been subjective to the admis- sion of many principles of evil." I wish sincerely I could give the writer credit for honesty of purpose in putting forth to the world this statement respecting the only Institu- tution in our city where the working population are provided with any means for the acquisition of knowledge. His statements are, however, so directly at variance with existing facts, as I hope to prove, and a certain animus so perceptibly pervades the whole of his remarks in reference to the School of Arts, that in spite of the high sounding and inflated professions of reform and liberalism which immediately follow his unmerited attack, the conclusion is unavoidable, that the writer's views are influenced by some unaccount- ablw (and perhaps unconscious) prejudice. The honest confession, that he has had "no connection of any kind for a long series of years with the In- stitution," but has drawn his conclusions from "watchful observation," at some more or loss re- mote Pharos, however, it might account for erro- neous statements, cannot explain or justify the damnatory tone of his sweeping and unmi- tigated censurw. He says the library is, "for the most part, a miserable collection of tattered novels." This is not true. it never was true. The preponderance of works of fiction was justly, perhaps, complained of heretofore; but for upwards of two years everything has been done to remedy this, and a steady and unceasing supply, as far as the means of the Institution admit, of the best standard works is regularly added to the library. The writer can have no difficulty in verifying this, and I call upon him, as he would cast from him the charge of malevolent slander, to do so, and either retract or prove his statement. The jargon about "the unappreciable fossils," the "incomprehensible bones," et sic, is unworthy comment. With regard to the busts and medals, I have been informed that the collection is the best in Sydney. What the writer's ideas of a "few" may be, I do not know; but I do know that there are upwards of forty busts and several cabinets of medals, medallions, &c.; All the col- lections are catalogued. It is not difficult to account for the writer's total ignorance of these subjects, his point of "observation" having been external to the Insti- tution; but that he could have the hardihood to make assertions, which hundreds know to be in- correct, and all have it in their power to verify, is indeed passing strange. He next addresses himself to the lectures. Here, did tho tiniest grain of charity pervade his remarks, there would be something to agree with. None know better than those in the management of the Institution the almost insur- mountable obstacles which stand in the way of getting lectures at all, and the discouraging apathy of the public after this great difficulty is got over. All friends of human improvement in connection with the institution bitterly deplore this; but I ask any candid reader of the article in question, if it is not evidently matter of triumphant boast with this virulent censor. The committee, in their last half yearly report express their deep regret at the want of success which had attended all their their exertions to get lectures on practical science to the extent they desired. They, never- theless, did their best; and, moreover, I assert, with some degree of success. The lectures on French Literature, those on German Literature, Chemistry, Sculpture, and Education, were well attended, and commanded, as they deserved, much approbation. I call on the writer to deny this, or explain his mis-statement by naming the point from which he made his "observation." Did he attend any of the lectures? The last direct charge, is of "pitiable per- sonalities which disfigure (a figure!) its manage- ment," and the "unseemely squabbles which characterise its directory." As the writer some- where professes to give the history of the Insti- tution for ten years, I will not destroy any pleasure he may find in raking up the smothered embers of discord which may have existed in by- gone times; but I do most seriously, truthfully, and humanly protest against his promulgating to the world in the pages of even the Sydney Morning Herald, that such characteristics attach to it at the present time. I give such a state- ment the most emphatic denial language enables me to do; and once again I call upon the writer of this article to make himself acquainted with the names of the persons who compose the Committee (this he can do by getting a copy of the laws or of the report), and, by putting himself in communication with one or more of them, as- certain the amount of truth in this most grave accusation. I will then expect that he will either endeavour to counteract some of the evil which the extensive publication of his remarks may do, by coming manfully forward to admit his mistakes, or that he will confirm his state- ments, as I conceive him bound to do, after the unqualified contradiction I hereby openly give to them. The corollary deduced is in keeping with the facts, viz.:--that "the sooner this institution gives up the ghost the better for the literary prospects of the colony." Why? Because upon its ashes will arise another more worthy of the age's requirements. How does this follow? No consummation could be more devoutly wished by the writer of this paper than teo total abolition, root and branch, of the present imperfect and in- sufficient School of Arts, upon such a condition. The management, during some time, has been mainly employed in remodelling the institution in accordance with the spirit of the age and human yearnings for progress, but find their chief obsta- cle in the unfitness of the original fabric to bear the changes that are become so essential, but are antagonistic to the "principles upon which the institution was founded long years ago, in accord- ance with the prejudices of the age." From the public and the press can alone come the outward help which shall enable or compel these changes to be effected. But if improvements cannot be wrought out in an institution already established, in the true spirit of gradual and successive reform, what hope by its abolition to better affairs? True, prejudices of a former age rise up at every step, and those most concerned look on with indif- ference; and writers of talent and (it may be) of philanthropy, make railing accusations; but while any improvement can be marked, it seems to me unwise to destroy. Make trial, investigate be- fore condemning, and if the evils are found inera- dicable, why, demolish and reconstruct; but if amendment is observable, let well alone. I am, Gentlemen, JOHN ARMSTRONG. Clara House, Redfern, May 21, 1853. 