British) Extracts. Interesting London Localities Many a weary step in the streets of London is lightened by the knowledge that in one, the house still exists (with shoemakers working in the observatory on the top where Sir Isaac Newton produced the works which have so much benefit ted the world that in another Reynolds produced his great pictures in another Hogarth in another Lawrence that above the gateway of Doctors' Commons, Christopher Wren resided during the building of St. Paul's Cathedral that in Cock-lane, Smithfield, is the house in which was enacted the famous Cork-lane ghost imposition, and that not far from this, is the crypt of St. John, Clerkenwell, almost the only ' remaining portion of the sumptuous hospital of the Knights of St. John of Jerusalem, where Dr. Johnson went with others, in all due solemnity, to summon the troubled spirit of Cockrane. These and thousands of other recollections, both varied and curious, come thick upon the mind when wandering in London.- The Builder. Disposal of London Stolen Property in Paris. The police of Paris have made a curious discovery, which will have, it is to be hoped, the effect of checking the London thieves. Some days since a detective officer received information that a. woman of suspicious character, residing in the quarter St. Antoine, frequently received bales of various merchandise from England, which she sold at less than half the value. On a closer investigation the policeman ascertained that the woman in question was the general agent in France for the London pick- pockets and that the merchandise she thus disposed of was the fruit of their dexterity, which it was found hazardous to offer for sale in London. A large quantity of English jewellery has been found in her possession. She has been lodged in the prison of the Prefecture of Police. Atlas, September 4. Louis Napoleon's Campaigns As yet they only consist of two-two grand mock battles. The first was fought last year at the Trocadero, and the second only took place the other day on the Seine. The Nephew of his Uncle can now boast of his two victories one on land and the other on water He has thus surpassed his great relative; for it is well-known that the Emperor never was triumphant on the water Punch. A Patriarchs Canadian paper records the death of Mr. Charles Boucher, of Berthier, dm trict of Montreal, at the advanced age of 106. He was married to three wives, with whom he had 60 children ! He leaves to deplore his loss 43 children, 26 grand-children, 13 great-grand- children, 28 nephews, 70 grand- nephews, 18: great-grand-nephews, and a large circle of friends, who assisted at his funeral, which took place on the 12th of April, with great solemnity Leeds Mercury. A Cheap Lot This being the age of competition, the games, like the trades folk, are obliged to offer decided bargains, in order to keep on their legs in trade. The other day a ragged, but brisk looking urchin, accosted a gentleman in Bond-street, and offered to sing a song, stand on his head, and clean the gentleman's boots-all for a halfpenny. "It's a cheap lot was the reply ; " but I have no time to see it out here's a penny for you." The lad pocketed the copper in a twinkling, and expressed his acknowledgments by walking away on his hands Liverpool Times. Importation of Rattlesnakes. Among the extraordinary arrivals with which we have been lately favoured from America, none perhaps has excited more sensation than the importation' into Liverpool of 26 rattlesnakes, which came over in two large cases, accompanied by their owner, M Van Gordon, who caught them on the Alleghany Mountains. Some difficulty existed on board in keeping the cases iron being " broached," as the ship ran short of water and the sailors, hearing a fizzing noise inside the cases, thought they contained bottled porter. Another difficulty arose at the Custom-house ; but the owner having given living proof that the reptiles were not included in any prohibitory tariff, they were allowed to pass free of duty. Liverpool Journal, Sept. 11. Paddle, Screw, and Sail Delighted as we are to notice the rapidly increasing use of screw propellers in our mercantile marine, is auxi vary to the sail, and in hopeful anticipation that by this aid, peculiarly at hand to British shipowners, they may be better enabled to compete with foreigners, we cannot avoid correcting an impression which apparently prevails, that the screw will supersede the paddle wheel. For high velocities, as well as for shallow water, the wheel, we think, must continue to be preferred ; whilst the experiment about to be tried, of uniting the propelling action of the screw and wheel, for fast passenger steamers, would appear to us very likely to succeed. Indeed, constructive science owes too much to the ability of men so eminent as Mr. Brunel and Mr. Scott Russell, to throw any doubt upon the result of such a mechanical co-operation. The patented improvement of Mr. Lee Stevens, which is j race tically proved to be, on the whole, the lightest, strongest, cheapest, and most effective paddle wheel invented, has been taken up by gentlemen of influence and enterprise, for immediate, and, we feel assured, successful and extensive application. The continued use of these wheels for upwards of nine months in the Thames, and elsewhere for about half that period, and their undeniable success-for instance, on board the Twilight and Atalanta satisfactorily prove all that we ventured to say of their value, | rior to the competitive trials to which they were subjected early in the year j avoid- ance of vibration, additional speed, economy of fuel, and reduced wear and tear of engines and vessels, being also matters of consideration and for the inventor's sake, and still more so as promoting the improvement and extension of steam navigation throughout the world,, we heartily wish prosperity to the Patent Paddle wheel Company at home, without feeling any jealousy at their success under foreign patents abroad. Shipping and Mercantile Gazette. The Negro Population of the Western World In the last number of the Anti Slavery Reporter, we find the following compu- tation of the population of African descent now. existing in the new world. United States. 3,650,000. Brazil. 4,050,000 Spanish Colonies. 1,4 7 0,000 . South American Republics.. 1,130,000 British Colonies. 750,000 Haiti. 850,000 French Colonies. 270,000 Dutch Colonies. 50,000 Danish Colonies. 45,000 Mexico. 7.0,000 Canada. 35,000. 12,370,000 Of these, seven millions and-a-half are in slavery in the United States, Brazil, and the Spanish and; Dutch colonies ; one quarter of a million in progress of emancipation in the South American Republics and the remainder, four millions six hundred and twenty thousand, are free. Munificent Charitable Bequests. - Miss Sarah Hardwicke, the daughter of a citizen of London, died, in the 73rd year of her age, on the 25th of last July, bequeathing to the charitable institutions of the city of London & sum of money exceeding £20,000*-Letdt Mercury. 