ELECTRO-BIOLOGY. Abstrg lof , a Lecture on Electro-Biooigy; dileliiered at thie 1Royal Institution,' Man. ,hester, e on thAe Qth Maroh, 1851. By ,TJ~Aoss BRAID,.M.R.C. S., Edinburgh, C.M.W.S., &c.;, &c.; [Concluded from our last.] Mr. Braid then gave his vicivs of the so-called mesmeric passes, whether by contact or non-contact. The mesmerists allege that the effects arise from some occult or magnetic influence—the odyle force of Baron Reichenbach —affecting the part in a par ticular manner. He attributed it to the mental power in the patient to change the physical action of the part to which his mind is continuously directed by a sensible impression or audible sugges tion from another person, or by an ebfort of the patient's will, especially if done in the belief of some change being about to happen. One of the most puzzling classes of phenomena was that exhibiting reverse results, apparently arising from the same sensible impressions-as the mesmerising and de mesmerising passes. lBut lie found tlhat, on first going into the sleep, patients had suflicient mobility to be affected by certain inlpressions, and would approach to or recede from them, according as they were agreeable or the reverse in quality or intensity. Thus by titillating the skin, or agitating the air over it, the adjacent muscles are called into play, so as to bend the hand and raise the arm; and by similarly stimulating the opposite class of muscles, the hand and fingers become extendeld, and the arm falls. He subsequcntly ascertained, that a class of muscles thus called into action and allowed to remain a short time in one position, a repetition of the impression on the same points which had pro duced thle action would now reduce it. At length he discovered the solution of the apparent mystery. The movements being instinctive or automatic, the impression merely gives a tendency to indication ; the direction and character of the motion being tihe most natural motion under the circumstances. Thus, if a muscle is passive, it will become active. and vice eorss, from tite same exciting cause. If an impression be made on the hand or arm, on the patient's lap, as it cannot descend it will rise and ibecome rigid ; but, after remaining awhile in that condition, a like impression will induce tile most natural motion-in this instance to descend. If an obstacle be interposed to prevent its rising or descending, and tihe impression be repeated, it will move laterally. This mode of exciting actiqp by sensible impressions may be confined to individual muscles or classes of muscles, and thus tile muscles of expression may be so acted upon as to waken any passion or emotion in the mhid-a mere inver sion of. the sequence which ordinarily obtains between meoital emotion and the. physical manifes tiations of such emotion. "That there is nothing occult or specific in tile pass with the hand is mani fest from this, that a similar agitation of the air by the blast from a pair of bellows will produce precisely similar results as the like carrent of air from the wafting of the human hand, as I have proved to the entire satisfaction of hundreds of intelligent individunals." But if with each touch or agitation of the air, the operator aloud declares what should happen, this suggestion may be so strong as to cause time predicted manifestation to be realised, instead of the natural result. Tithus we may have manifested ail artificial 'as well as a natural set of pihenomena,, according to the mode and inten tion of the 'operator. Then some subjects, during the sleep,. see' through i heir partially closed eyelids, and thus catcha the, suggestion of even a fixed gaze by the operatrir on a leg_ or arnn; and, imagining a movement of s?ich limb is desired, their docility will obey the suggestion. In like manmer, the remarkable tendndcy to sympa tliy and imitation in such patients, will ianduce themi to observe mid imitate every physical.act of. the operator. If ascrceen be interposed between them, the patients will rely on heiring instead of sight, and be only occasionally correct in their imitation of physical acts. All these phenomena may be realized without the patient intending deception on others, or having any remembrance of the facts, on. coming out of the sleep. , Mr. Braid then remarked that "lie had never seen any phenomena, during either the hypnitico or mesmeric sleep, or during the state fiir manifestitig the vigilant phenomena, which were not in accordance with generally-admitted physiolocal and psycological principles."' The senses and mental powers may be torpified or quickened in a remarkable degree, but he had never seen the clairvoyance which would enable patients to read through decidedly opaque bodies, and some other of what have been' called Iy mes merists the higher phenomena. He,; however, referred to apparently very astonishing feats Wihich' had occurred in some .of his patients in imitating' words and music of which they were previously quite ignorant, also of the exalted power of smell, and of. the muscular sense which enables themn to write and draw with some nieatness without the use :.f their eyes ; quickened hearing and exaltation of some of the mental powers, as was manifested by second sight men in the Highlands of Scotland; and then added, "several important inferences may be drawn fiom what has been adduced regarding the' power of the imagination, belief and fixed act of attention in changing and controlling physical action, and the state of the body thus superinduced reacting on the mind. It not only enables us to comprehend,'upon scientific principles, the cause and cure of many diseases, where there has been no specific adequate external physical agency to account for the results, .bnt it also explains many phenomena Which used tq be attributed to demonolgy, witchcraft,ghost-seeing,. being spell-bound, the power of the' obi women who could cause their credulous victims to wither and' die Under their assumed malign power and maleldic tion, the power of charms, spells, and amulets, of' Perkins's metallic tractors, the efficacy of galvanic rings, bread-pills, and such like. It also explains the alleged clairvoyance of the Egyptian boys,: after looking steadfastly at an inky globule held in the hands, narratives of which have been published by Lord Prudhoe and Mr. Lane ; the revelations bf 'Kelly, recorded daily for Dr. 'Dee 'who was : warden of Manchester during- the reign of Queen Elizabeth, and whdch were alleged to be revealed to him by a spirit whilst gazing Into Dr. Dee's cele- brated show-stone; the fortune-tellers, who exercise a similar mode of looking into futurity by gazing into an unground glass egg, and the late revelations of the same sort published by Zadkiel in his almanac for this year, as the revelations of the angel In Lady Blessington's magic crystal, all come under the same category ; merely figments of fancy, excited by-questions or otherwise, set down as visions seen and answers audibly uttered, or written in visible characters before them by the said alleged spirits. We also thus acquire this salutary lesson, that in order to have a healthy state of mind and body, it is requisite that all our faculties should be duly cul- tivated, and that the attention should not be devoted too long and exclusively to any one object or pursuit, as thie latter course has a tendency to engender a morbid state of mind as well as of body. Hence N the advantage of relaxation and amusements of various kinds, so long as they are pursued in reason and with moderation. We are also taught this im- portant fact,'that dogmatic scepticism, or prejudice, not only beclouds the reason, but also destroys or perverts the perceptive faculties. This truth seems to have been clearly perceived by Dugald Stewart, I when he penned the following notable paragraph : —"Unlimited scepticism is equally the child of imbecility as implicit credulity." Mr. Braid con cluded-" My experiments have proved that the ordinary phenomena of mesmerism may be realised through the subjective or personal mental and phy sical acs of the patient alone, whereas the proximity, acts, or infinence of a second party would be indis pensably requisite for their production, if the theoy of the mesmerists were true; moreover, my exper ments have proved that audible, visible, or tangible suggestions of another person whom the subject believes to possess such power over him, is requisite for the production of the waking phenomena, whereas no audible, visible, or tangible suggestions from a second party ought to be required to pro duce these phenomena, if the theory of the electro biologists were true.. There is, therefore, boths positive and negative proof in favor of my mental suggestive theory, and in opposition to the magnetic, occult, or electric theories of the mesmerists and electro- biologists. My theory, moreover, has this additional recommendation, that it is level to our comprehension, and adequate to account for all which is demonstrably true, without offering any violence to reason and common sense, or being at variance with generally admitted physiological and psychological principles. Under these circumstances therefore, I trust that you will consider me entitled to-your verdict in favour of my mental theory." M. Caplin opened the conversation by speaking of what he conceived Mr. Alfred Smee had proved in his: work on electo-biology, and detailing some bxperitnonts he had himself made on a little boy, who was then in the room, with their results. The boy had been afflicted with paralysis of one limb since he was sixteen months old ; he (M. Caplin) had brought him completely under his control as a subject of electro-biology, and with the happiest results; he was fast acquiring strength, and the paralysis was giving way. He did not believe that the effect produced by the placing of coins in the 'hand was at all galvamic, but that the heating of the coins produced an electrical disturbance, indicated by certain palpitations of the muscles, as the disturb ance went on from the head to the extremities. He offered that the boy should be operated upon in the presence of the audience, but it was against the rules of the institution.-Mr. Braid, in reply, said that Mr. Smee's theory was so fanciful, subjected him to such severe criticism, that he sought to shelter himself by taking legal proceedings against those who analysed his views. He conceived that.thero was no need of any outward manipulation, or means of fixation; for people could throw themselves into a condition of mental concentration; and as to the movement of the hand, it was merely the effect of concentrated mental attention directed to any part of the body. He had proved this by experiments on four gentle men (two of whom were then in the room), when experimenting on Baron Reichenbach's "new im ponderable." They were seated, each with his arm` on the table, and they were requested to maintain a steady fixed gaze each on his own hand and watch .the result. He knew that of the four senses of the hand,—heat, cold, common sensation, and muscular sense,-that most prominent in the individual would be brought out, provided he had no consciousness of what was to be expected. After a time one felt a cold sensation stealing over his hand, another sent a pricking shnsation, as if sustaining galvanic shocks, the hand of another was hot, and the fourth became cataleptic, and the hand and arm were fixed to the table. Now, this was the power of the mind in the individual directed in each case. He did not doubt the value of the con. contration of mental power as a remedial agent in case of paralysis, if there was not organic disease. A woman that very day, laboring under paralysis he had relieved in the course often minutes, and enabled her to raise an arm which she could not previously move. As we can supend the power of muscle, so can we increase or.intensify it, by a suggestion. There were instances of parties having wrenched -irop bars from windows under great mental excite ment; ,and during the fire in Market-street, a friend of his-rushed into his room, tore out an iron safe containing his books, and dragged it out of the office, a task which it would have been impossible for him to effect, except under-intense mental con centration and excitement. As to the agency of electricity, there was no thought without a change of -the cerebral matter, and no change in that. -without a certain disturbance of the electrical in fluence; but in that case the thought was the canse, of the disturbance, and not the electricity the cause of the thought. Mr. Carlow .said they had omitted to propose a ,vote of thanks to Mr. Braid for his paper, and per. haps such a motion wonld come well from himself, He congratulated Mr. Braid on having come round ,to a common sense view, well adapted to a popular audience. Mr. Braid started originally with the, -theory that fixed gazing at some object, until the muscles of- the eye were strained, was an - absolute: necessity in the production of these phenomena, and ,sai nothing about tilhe mind. ,Dr. Hodgson thought Mr. Braid was not to be dislaraged for having changed his-views after nino years of study; he was rather to be praised for his candour. He conceived that Mr. Braid's explanation of electro-biological phenomena was satisfactory. Mr. Stone might have the power of producing cer tain phenomena by silent volitions of will, but ho did not do so in public, nor, indeed, could he well do so. He (l)r. Blodgson) could not, however, go as far as Mr. Braid in respect to mesmerism. His theory would not account ftbr many apparently well nuthenticatcd phenomena. Mr. Prentice sanid a few words respecting an exhibition lie saw at Mr. Braid's house, at which a factory girl very closely imitated a lady who sang difficult music in several languages, so, closely that the tones of voice of the two could scarcely be dis tinguished. He believed the clairvoyant cases were wonderful guesses arising out of suggestions,. The chairman confirmed Mr. Prentice's remarks, from what he haind personally witnessed at Mr. Braid's, by the above patient imitating accurately words and music unknown to her. Dr. Shelton Mackenzie also said. a few words as to his personal experience in this matter, con firmatory of Mr. Braid's power of suggestion, as witnessed by him in the case of a boy, and also on his own person; The vote of thanks was passed and the meeting broke up. 