DR. FRY'S ATTACK UPON THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND. TO THE EDITOR OF THE DAILY COURIER. "Shylocks Daniel come to judgment! yea, a Daniel) " Portia-I pray you let me look upon the bond. " Shylock "Hera 'the, most reverend Doctor here it is MERCHANT OF VENICE. SIR-I am not ashamed to admit that it is with some degree of timidity that I proceed to consider the " Decision of the Privy Council :" not because its parallel is to be found, as Dr. Fry would seem to view it, as in the days of old, in the dread decisions of the Inquisition, for in this eventful stage of the world's history, when knowledge is running to and fro over the earth, neither bishop, priest, or layman would be suffered to be coerced into the belief of sacred things from the ipse dixit of mere human " law ; " but lost anything I should write should be misconstrued into the mere shadow of disloyalty to our most beloved and lovely Queen, the living realization of man's most noble conceptions, of the dignity, the loveliness, and the purity of woman, who sits enthroned among the nations the glory of her people, long may she reign over the united hearts of her wide-spread empire, the support and the safeguard of that National Church, entwined in the structural organization of Britain's freedom, at once. the pillar and the security of her monarchy, and lest anything I should write should be perverted out of the common sense into disrespect or want of due consideration for the eminent men who composed the Privy Coun- credit is, therefore, with some degree of timidity 1 question their decision, and as it has pleased God to choose " the weak things of the world to confound the wise, and to use humble instruments to bring about momentous ends, to select the small pebble out of the babbling brook to secure a victory which all the valour of Israel might not have attained, to choose eleven unlettered fishermen of Galilee (for one was a traitor!) to promulgate " glad tidings, which the wisdom of this world would never have discovered,-so'roay the humble pen which now dis- courses so elicit truths patent to the eyes of all men as to confound those learned but unsound reasoners, who, carried about by " every wind of doctrine," wrest the Scriptures to their own most lamentable destruction. The quotation with which I have headed this letter may be cavilled at, as taken from a profane author ; but its opposite ness those who have read Dr. Fry's pamphlet will readily admit, and although a profane author, his knowledge of human nature and the springs of its action was so accurate that it has been well remarked that no new moral doctrine has been pronounced which will not find its parallel in his pages. But let us turn to Scripture-what says St. Peter and St TT " Whether it be right in the sight of God to WHIPS unto you, more than unto God, judge vo of Arr" 19.) What says Dr. Fry has Were's 21'. prove the truth of this opinion (meaning théinv«i.ií° regeneration of infants at Baptism), it would E? B justification for his (meaning the Bishop enforce "a on the clergy by making it an article of faith As' (pp. 162, 163.) What, no justification 5 Assured of the Church convinced of it's "truth's p consider man's " law '' in opposition to his word? Show me the bond, Dr. Fry KnLUod> Shylock's quick reply, Here 'is, most rev doctor j here it is," comes in is and what h -e " Because a bishop (these are Dr. Fry's words? t holds the opposite opinion as true, wouldcoriVi not be deemed justified in imposing big view in the clergy A lame and impotent conclusion of Dr. Fry, I ask? I will save you the pain of." swering the question. I will answer it for as Why? because "the law" sanctions two once doctrines in one church, flings the prayer V? 1 Christ of God, the Apostles, and the Marys , Unity to the winds, and virtually declares the house divided against itself can stand 1" Causes be true - In the 19th century are wo such basis as to place man's " law" to overrule God's you But where is the Bishop who holds the ODBORV opinion?" Bishop Short does not. He may be committing an error in discipline in the office" of a deity (so to speak) of belief. I find the fact, as regards the Bishop of Melbourne As the Sydney conference he did not entirely confer with the other five Bishops, but I confess S unable to comprehend the reasons he gave on th belief which he founds on them, and I am strangely mistaken if he would not repudiate the idea of 1, belief being one and the same with Mr. Gorham's But what will be the surprise of the public to learn as will be presently shown, that Dr. Fry, who has so industriously harped throughout his pamphlet on the Bishop of Exeter, stands in his Gorhamite views in direct antagonism to the Primate, the present Archbishop of Canterbury, the English Bishops the Scottish Bishops, the English and the Irish Press and yet he would fain have us believe it is the doctrine of those he terms-" the Evangelical Clergy," meaning thereby, I must presume, himself, Mr. Uorlmui and one or two other " wandering stars of the like may. nitude. But before I proceed to quote when space must confine my own observations within the briefest limits, I will just ask, who will believe that Dr. Fry who makes so much parade about the assumed denial of the Queen's supremacy, would dare to impugn or to cast a doubt on the regeneration of the royal children ? Or does Dr. Fry believe that, despite the legal decision of the Privy Council, our loved Queen herself entertains a moment's doubt upon the subject ? Or would Dr. Fry dare (possessing the exclusive gifts of' honesty and sincerity which he denies to others), even in his own parish, to declare to the young and lovely mother who brings her first born infant to the baptismal font, that it is quite a doubt whether it will be regenerated by the ministra- tion of baptism, seeing it is impossible to know whether it has been visited with the necessary Gorhamite prevenient grace ! Would not the young mother instinctively shrink from such a sacrilegious profanation of the sacrament ? Ye mothers and matrons of this young and beauteous Southern Isle I appeal to your hearts, to those moral instincts of your nature which God has given you for your pro- section look into the eyes of your tender babes, and ask yourselves whether you will tolerate the law and the doctrine which virtually sets aside the immaculate justice of the great Eternal, and rests the salvation of your offspring upon the equivocal interpretation of un stable men, and their demand for the due exercise of the law. It will, perhaps, also be incumbent upon me to remark that the decision of the Privy Council being the legal Court, is in direct opposition to the decision of the Doctrinal Court, the Court of Arches, the highest ecclesiastical doctrinal court in the kingdom. What says this Court which the Rev. Dr. Fry found convenient to leave out of his pamphlet; of course, in pure "honesty and sincerity,"-" The doctrine of baptismal regeneration is the doctrine of the church Mr Gorham denies it, and is condemned by this Ecclesiastical Court. It appears that the Church Court has carefully and fully examined all the formularies of the church connected with baptism. The State Court (the legal court has not examined any one in extenso, but picked out two or three passages to support a particular view, and obtain the result and this only with some of the formularies The office for Confirmation is not even glanced at by the State Court (or legal court), vide " The Judgments on Baptismal Regeneration," London, 1850. I will quote Wesley, before even the Archbishop of Canterbury, as the reverend pamphleteer has laid so much ingenious stress upon what he assumes to be the opinions of the evangelical clergy. Dr. Fry says, p. 157-" It is an absolute impossibility that infants can be subjects of regeneration : they who are yet destitute of mental and moral faculties cannot undergo any change, &c.; Regeneration must therefore, as applied to them, have a different signification, and the only one which it can have is prospective." Now for John Wesley " I do not now speak with regard to infants : it is certain our Church supposes that all who are baptised in their infancy are at the same time horn again; and it is allowed that the whole office for the baptism of infants proceeds upon this supposition. Nor is an objection of any weight against this, that we cannot comprehend how this work can be wrought in infants for neither can we comprehend how it is wrought in a person of riper years." - Wesley's Sermons, " The New Birth." Dr. Fry proposes, in the notice of the promised meeting, (I take it for granted the reverend pamphleteer is at the bottom of it), to congratulate the Primate on " the support and encouragement" the Archbishop of Canterbury has given to him (Dr. Fry and his coadjutors in the maintenance of Mr. Gorham's opinions; although this real intent is blended by a supposed exclusive reference to the Solemn Declaration. But what says Dr. Sumner? " These addresses (after quoting passages of Scripture,) and exhortations are founded on the principle that the disciples, by their dedication to God in baptism, had been brought into a state of ot reconcilement with Him, had been admitted to on villages which the Apostle calls on them to improve. On the authority of this example, and of the undeni- able practice of the first ages of Christianity, our Church considers baptism as conveying regeneration, instructing us to pray, before baptism, that the infant may be born again, and made an heir of everlasting salvation; and to return thanks after baptism that it hath pleased God to regenerate the infant witness Holy Spirit and receive him for his °^_i*IIS'Jr adoption t " It is a sufficient confutation of the doc trine of Special Grace, that it reduces baptism to an empty rite ; and external mark of admission into the visible Church, attended with no real grace, and therefore conveying no benefit (Mr. to«»«|sJSfi Tear.- tJ -to be reconciled by any latitude of interpretation which can reasonably be claimed with the effects Articles and Formularies ; nor do I believe that is an opinion which is held by more than a very small number indeed of our clergy.'~U°«°r Blomfield, Bishop of London. "was tired stated to me how greatly you were as tressed at the recent judgment of the JUTE Committee of the Privy Council in Mr. Gorham's case, and you expressed your apprehension that so excellent men might be driven by that decision to quit, if not the communion of our Church, yet the crew they hold in desribed to A. J. B. Hope, Esq. was, gentle reader, is " narrowing the communion war Church now? " ,. """at, " The doctrine of Regeneration in Baptism of"" commencement of the Christian life in the nf?»FJ5 and secures the doctrine of universal grace WIWHi pale of the Church, and the comprehension stray covenant, against every system which savours of uses sity or favouritism, of absolute decrees, or caprice preferences." . , "comes "Our Liturgy every where teaches and assist' our adoption and regeneration in Baptism., . . "Our Articles and Liturgy;'-"BW£iTE infants, who are necessarily free from actual BB, duly qualified for Baptism and are looked on try » precisely in the same light as penitents and Crosisca and they unequivocally assert that every v. i . child, without exception, is born again, -UT. J Bishop of Bangor. "minar" C° "Now, specious as this reasoning may apes (i wit, Dr. Fry's pamphlet, ct hoc genus f'ä'f/'may many on the first bearing, and satisfactory as a ; be to the careless or unbelieving mind, w "as if no conclusive weight with him who takes me a / God for his "path and the Word of God for his law. This cannot be at least following after Him who has made infant heirs of both His covenants ; this cannot be owing Him for our Lord who sanctified the infant Samuel to His service; this cannot be obeying the voice of Him who said suffer little children to come unto me, and forbid them not.' It is a view which no sound member of the Church can consistently hold." Dr. Bagot, Bishop of Bath and Wells, the Bishops of Chichester, Exeter, Gloucester, Hereford, Lichfield, Lincoln, Norwich, Oxford, Peterborough, Rochester, Salisbury, St. Asaph, St. David's, Winchester, and Worcester might be quoted to the 8 une effect. " We declare and do enjoin you, brethren, severally t) tench-1st. In the words of our blessed Saviour, fat ' except a man be born of water and of the Spirit he cannot enter into the Kingdom of God :' or, as expressed in our office for Holy Baptism, no one can enter into the Kingdom of God except he' be regene- rated and born anew of water and of the Holy Ghost" " " They that receive Baptism rightly are grafted in the Church ; the promises of forgiveness of sin and of our adoption to be the Sons of God by the Holy Ghost are visibly signed and sealed, or in the words of the Office for Public Baptism of Infants, that every child baptised according to that office is then and there regenerated and grafted into the body of Christ's Church ' "-Judgment of the Scottish Bishops. 11 His Lordship (Lord Langdale) has totally misunderstood both questions" (' Why then are infants baptised when, by reason of their tender age, he.,') " and answer, which are both of them wholly irrelevant to the point in hand. If indeed the question were Why are infants said to be regenerated by Baptism ?' then we might expect an answer somewhat to the purpose. And we know what answer the revisers of our formularies (from whose hands we have them as they now arc) would give to this question, because we know the answer they, in effect, did give to it, which is an external and historical fact, not unworthy of Lord Langdalo'B consideration. Seeing that God's Sacraments have their effects where the receiver doth not posters been put any bar against them (which children cannot do we may say in faith of every child that is baptised, that it is regenerated by God's Holy Spirit, and the denial of it tends to ana baptism and the contempt of this Holy Sacrament.' " -(Cardwell's History of Conferences, p. 356.) Irish Ecclesiastical Journal, April, 1850. " The judgment pronounced by the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in the case of Gorham" " considering all things, it was certainly not unreasonable to augur the possibility of some deflection from that serene impartiality and that stern disregard for consequences which ordinarily characterize the judgments of an English court of law." - Morning Chronicle. " The judgment of the Judicial Committee is simply an evasion of every point in the case." Morning Post. We apprehend that nothing has been said or decided in the course of these proceedings which can impugn the faith of the Church in this doctrine, and that however Mr. Gorham's opinions may' be grafted on the peculiar interpretation of an Article, those of the Bishop of Exeter rest upon the broad ground of orthodoxy." The Times. I have been reluctant to come forward to combat opinions so much at variance and so subversive of the doctrine of the Church of England, and so inimical to the necessary discipline within its pale, but Dr. Fry's pamphlet has been so dressed up to catch the unwary, it is so " specious," certainly clever, but superficial, certainly not profound, and so likely to lead astray those who would probably be carried away by its fallacies if unnoticed, and who are unable to refer to the necessary authorities and evidence, to test the truth of the Pamphleteer's assertions, - that I have felt compelled to give utterance to truths which are as clear to my mind as the sun at noon. day. I have been obliged to be most brief to come within your columns in the quotations, which, like a cloud of witnesses, almost embarrass one which to select ; but enough has been afforded to show that Dr. Fry's pamphlet is not all Gospel enough to satisfy every honest and candid mind that, as in all cases of contest, the injunction audi alteram partem was never more necessary to be given than on the presentation of the Rev. Doctor's advocacy, of the Law versus Truth. I must regret that our respected Primate, Dr. Sumner, the Archbishop of Canterbury, would appear to have acted unwisely in even temporarily sanction- ing a decision which involved the retention of heresy within the Church, that he did not stand by the decision of his own Court, the Court of Arches, at a time when the existence of such stray opinions within the Church had well nigh expired : when, " for 100 years, no such similar case had been before the Court of Arches: the virus of this rankling poison within the Church will extend as it has done here, to the remotest branches of its communion, and the only present outlet to the mischievous consequences which must result is the well-grounded hope that the Prelates and sound members of the Church at the Fountain Head will find the means-as they are most anxious to appoint " A Court of Appeal, so con- sul ul ed that the members of the Church can place reasonable confidence in its decisions," (Bishop of London to Mr. Hope and that by a General Convocation of the Church this most unsound, this (I dare not soften my words where God's Eternal Justice is impugned) blasphemous doctrine of Mr. Gorham may be expelled without her pale for ever. I am, Sir, A CHURCHMAN. 31st August, 1853. [It will be seen from the date of the above letter that it was omitted in the regular order of insertion during the continuance of the correspondence. As some allusions were made to its contents, the omission is now, however, rectified ED. H. T. C.J 