BELL'S LIFE IN SYDNEY Í SATURDAY,, OCXOBEIt 8, 1853. - Drapers' Eome'bus'h Spring Meeting, 1853. TjMfinn-J. R. Holden, Esq. AGAIN we find ourselves called upon to record the doings of thc "Cloth"-the most staunch, stedfnst, and spirited up- holders of our tnrP; and who, in respect to assiduity, ability, and liberality in cater- ing for their annual " fete," have won for themselves a name and fame second to none, and superior to not a few, of thc organized racing clubs of Australia. As the most convincing proof of Tlie high confidence Tcposcd in their manage- ment, -we have only lo review the brilliant " fields " which, in past years, as in the present, their invite has drawn together ; . in which tlie pick of the stables in almost every district will be found competing for prizes munificent in comparison with those of longer established and more orthodox meetings. In the programme before "us 'there is "but one novel feature which strikes us as de- manding attention, inasmuch ;is its policy is warmly discussed in many quarters, and for which we must confess wc can find no precedent. We allude to the pre-handi eapping of horses for two events on the same day-a course we think dangerous i in the extreme ; from thc responsibility of] . which, we feel convinced, even a Topham would shrink ; and which no rule of rac- ing can, or ought to, sanction. We more- over regret tin's, as we know it to have been a fruitfid source of discontent amongst both owners and backers of the horses engaged ; and we sincerely trust the im- partial promoters of tins favorite Meeting will perceive the propriety of rescinding their judgment in this most essential par- ticular. .Without further preface we shall enter upon our " labour of love "; for truly the sporting journalist can have no more pleasing duty devolve upon him than that of penning tho details of a Meeting so honorably and satisfactorily conducted as the one under review. The picture of " Going to Homebush " has been times and. oft sketched in these columns by a far abler artist than tho pne who now handles the pencil. The excit- ing scene is familiar to the majority of our readers, and needs not to be dwelt upon at tedious length. The note of preparation sounded on*'thc evening bf Wednesday, and - tho frequenters of Sie several muster rooms were absorbed in making up, and j closing, their books for the eventful mor- row. The admitted superiority of Mr J Fawcett's stable swayed the betting to an unprecedented extent-being heavily back- ed at even, and in many instances n trifle beyond, to carry off both Handicaps. The only horse of whom mention was made, nnd that but cautiously, was Se- ducer, upon whom a little business was transacted at odds ranging from 10 to 3 to 7 to 5, ' Pasha' and Seducer were taken at even for pince ; the latter for choice ; and of Little .John-strange to say-"his hame'was never heard." For the Maiden Plate, thc Maitland mare, Lundie, who ran a splendid second to Seducer for the Metropolitan Maiden at Homebush on the 1st June, was the declared favorite, and heavily backed against the field. Van- guard and Huntsman were in equal re- quest for places, and the rest nowhere in demand. : ' But let us betake ourselves to die road. With judgment matured by cx|»erience we chartered a capacious chariot, tooled by. a jarvcy of corresponding dimensions, ibr the adventure ; for cloudy reminiscences ' bf 'October dust warned us against the risk of exposing our mawusared front to the beamy- destructive influence of that terrible foe to fair complexions and super- fine broadcloth. Heclining upon the lux- uriously stuffed cushions of our carriage, and drawing up the windows for precau- tion's sake, we vouchsafed condescending """?nods, and becks, and wreathed smiles " upon tlie less fortunate of our acquaiht ance, who trotted past us admirably dis- guised ¡es " dusty millers," and who were pursuing pleasure under difficulties, effect- ually blinded t<» >U sense of danger. With a view to catch a passing glance at the unbroken cortege :is it rolled along, Jarvey was insCfaetcd to drive the old Sunday Churchgoing pace, permitting the living stream to nish by us on its rapid course in all the eagerness of holidayism ; while the lively sallies of a portly " self-introduced," whose overtures for our one vacant seat had been most graciously received, kept us unconscious both of the flight of time and the carriage wheels, jmtil our pilot pulled up wilhelm mest approved aristo- cratic jerk al the groom and jockey-crown- ed portal of the " Gipps " Hotel. This, the rendezvous of all the would-be initi- ated into the grand secrets of the day," was, as'usual, thronged with " all sorts and conditions of men," from the venerable Squire in unblemished cords and mirror polished bnots, to the humble-vendor of " cards of the races," and " cigar and a light, a penny." In thc yard all was ex- citement to obtain a glimpse of the horses Sportsman '' anti "' Sampson," whose boxes were vainly besieged by an, eager swarm .of friends, feverishly anxious to judge for themselves of the probabilities of drawing prizes or blanks in the Drapers' Lottery. -The boxes of thc nags were Arkins-sealed, however, and disappointed yet...smiling, timorous yet hopeful, the route to thc merrymead of Homebush was resumed, and in due course we found ourselves rolling smoothly across the plain renowned in Australia's history as the head quarters of her turfites. The first bell was ringing as we alighted, and plunging into 'the assembled crowd, scanned the " np and down " line of car- riages which framed cither side of the T. Y. course. The effect was brilliant in thc extreme ; the closely-packed line ol' vehicles, crowded with nude, fashion, and beauty in all its radiance ; with cavaliers *' en attendant " on their smiling mistress- es, booted, spurred, and móstachoed for love's own service ; the spirited charger curvetting at its rider's mischievous desire to win the " prettiest little shriek in the world " from the object of his adoration : the muster of sporting'inen in"and about the weighing yard ; the crowd clustering I around each " maiden " as led to " saddle"; J the file .of troopers in their tasteful uni- forms and their richly-caparisoned horses drawn np in line before the Stand ; the several betting rings within the rails, strikingly resembling the Beardy congre- gations on thc Hyde I'ark ; and ever and anon the dark masses in the linsy picture relieved by a "bit of scarlet " flitting to and fro, which bespoke the indefatigable ?exertions of a Newton lo preserve his -reputation for punctuality ; all this we comprehended in a momentary glance, as the second peal rung out, and the specta- tors, in obedience to its warning, slowly retired within the prescribed bounds. Amongst the. 'company we observed His Kxcelleney the Governor-General, Captain "Fitz Woy, Air George Fitz Hoy, Lieutenant Fitz Hoy, The Honorable Captain and Mrs Keith-Stewart, The Hon-, E. Deas Thomson, Esq., Tho Hon. J. H. Plunkett, Esq., L. S. Merewether, Esq., Major Christie, Thc Honorable Company of Drapers, and members of most of the respectable families in the t metropolis. The nags having taken their canters past the Chair, were at the stroke of noon summoned to thc post, and ditly marshall- ed by the starter for the "Fi HST HACK. TUB Dn.vPLR's Punan ofone hundred Si fifty sovs. for all hoYscs that never woman advertised prize; weight fer age; Homebush racing weights; once round, to start at the three mile post ; thc winner to receive one hundred sovs., second horse thi< ty so«., third horse twenty sovs. Kntrancc five sovs., to start nt 12, noon. Mr G orlick's g m Lim el le, 4 yrs, 8st 111b .(Holmes) 1 Mr Tait's Brown Colt, nged, 9st alb. 2 Mr T. Kobens' - b Ii Vanguard, 4 yrs, Dst 3 Mr M'Gownir's Huntsman, tl yrs, "st 1 llb... 0; Mr W. Hall's b m Jenny Lind, 3 yrs, 7 st % Ulbs.....% O' Mr Cvrus Doyle, jr. b h Sir Edward, 3 yrs,' Sst.Nfl Mr lt. Fawcett's g g Whalobonc, 4 yrs, Hst \ lillis. 0 Mr Francis' Crazy .laue. Gyre, 9st Ollis... fl Mr John Turner's g g Ilaiah. 3yrs, 7st 1 lbs dr Capt. Fitz Hoy's b g Akbar, 3 yrs, "st Ulbs ..;. dr Mr Charles Roberts' b g Uncle Toni, 4 yrs, 8st Ulbs .,. dr The betting on tho ground was at par with that in town-Lundie against the field, mid nothing else. Thc Maitland men bucked their pct merrily, and ftaod to win their expenses homo again, with a snug balance to boot. Tho lot got well away, the favorite leading from thc jump, Huntsman, J enny Lind, and Vanguard in close company, followed by tho brown colt, Sir Edward, Crazy Jane, and Whalebone. Coming down the straight running, Huntsman gave way to Vanguard, who took second place passing tho chair and round thc corner, when Jenny Lind in turn fell hack, the brown colt taking lier place, followed by Sir Edward; thc rest tailing oil'. In this order they reached tho foot of the hill, up which thc mare dashed at a tremendous pace, thc brown colt following suit, collaring, mid passing Vanguard,. and drawing up to within n length and a half of the favorite. Sweeping into the mn in, tho race evidently lay between Lundie and tho colt, tho latter laying up to the grey with a will, and racing her gallantly, down tho flat. Condition, however, told, and Holmes brought homo tho favorito tho winner, by a length. Van- guard a good third. Sir Edward fourth; the rest nowhere. Time, 3m lCs If this time ba cor rcctlyglvcn, it is tho qiiickostcvor run over Home- bush; but from thc imperfectness of thc arrango monts for c n'rectly ascertaining it, we entertain strong doubts upon the point. SECOND RACE, TUB CnAJtrioH HANDICAP of two hundred sovs. for nil horses to bo handicapped by tho Umpire or whom ho may appoint; twico round and a distanco; the winnerto receive one hundred and thirty sows., second horse fifty sovs., third horso twonty sovs., from tho prize. Entrance seven sovs. to start Rt IS. 30. ' Mr R. Fawcett's h hi Sportsman, 4 yrs. Sst 31b.(W. Ford) 1 Mr R Fawcett's br g Sampson, 5 yrs, lost ' 3 Mr Do Clouott's ch h Little John, aged Sst 3 Mr Ward's g g Pasha, aged, 8st Sib. 0 Mr Badgcry's b c .ccducor, 4 yrs,.8st. p Mr Thos. Roberts* b g Jack Sheppard, agod, rst rib.blt,. Mr Holmes' Iir c Revenge, 3 yrs, 6st 3lb... dr Mr Tait's b m Industry, aged," 8st.*.... dr Mr Kale»' b h Cooramill, 3 yrs. Cst 12lb_ dr What little matters were booked'»ire all one. wiy, and nothing to lie got on except at unjust! tiaíde odds up ui the Fawcett .stable Mr Faw- cett declared to win with Sj»ort-smau. , An excel- lent start was effected, Little John volunteering ns leader, attended by Sampson; Pa;ha, Seducer, Sportsman, and Jack Sheppard, in thc order named. UTio Hathurst horse after n few yards pulled off, contenting himself with tlürJ pluce, Sampson leading past the chair and round the'' corner, waited on by Pasha down the dip, through the hollow, and to the hill, when Seducer caine up and took second place. Pasha quietly retiring behind Sport-limn. At the top of the lull, Sedu- cer put on the steam, rushed up to, passed, «nd led Samiisur. lu the torn into the straight run- ning, when the Man of Gaza gradually regained his position, and the two ran neck and neck the second time past the chair, hpo:tsman well up, and drnwhig inion thc lending horses at the corner, little John straggling gamely several lengths to thc bad. Pasha out-paced, Jack Sheppard having made a b.ilt Of it when opposite the gate, ou thc principe that " Who caii't win, but runs away. May have a chance another day.'T In thc dip. Sportsman went to tho front, exchang- ing places with Iiis brother, who in turu held his own against thc Bathurst horse, Little John lying well np lo tin hitter, and in di'rs order the four breasted thc lilli, nacl turned into thc flat, Sportsman then leading by some dozen lengths. The run "in needs little 'description, Sampson gradually ucurcA the leading horse, giving Sportsman the victory by three lengths, while Littlejohn making ii" splendid effort-at the dis- tance rushed by Seducer, and run in nn excellent third. Timi*, hm 20-ces. This time, also shews au improvement ofs.ccs over lnst'year. . Pru un BACK. TUE PRINCE OP AVXI.ES STAKES of three sovs. each, with seventy sovs. added, Tor all horse?, weight for agc; Homebush racing weights, the winner to be sold by public auction, imme- diately after the race 'for one hundred sovs., nuy surplus to go to the race fund, but if entered to bc sohl for £80, allowed 7 lbs, if for £G0 12 lbs, if for £40 20 lbs, if for £30 2st, one mile and a half. Entrance three sovs. to start nt 2r.x. Mr Harris' b g T-iger, aged. 8st .llb (C40)..'..(Dunn, jr.) 1 Mr "Ward's g m Sappho, 5 yrs, 7st Sib (£30) 2 Capt. Fitz Rov'seh g Volunteer, aged, 8st illb (£G0). 3 Mr Holmes.' br c Revenge, 3 yrs, 7st 2lb... dr For Ibis event nothing but Volunteer was spoken of, ami he was backed to a heavy amount at.2 to 1 against the field. His condition was apparently unexceptionable Tiger, however, on stripping, took u-i by surprise ; wo never recol- lect seeing -him in better buckle, and knowing Iiis speed and honesty, we sought to hedge the trifle wo had, tant our usual foresight, invested on the chesuut ; but in this we.ivcre only par- tially successful. "Sappho, nls-i, looked likely, audthc gameness' of her breed being proverbial, we felt a peculiar shade of blue steal over our physiognomy, which melancholy hue wc per- ceived reflected in many lengthened faces around us. Tiger bounded away from the.jump, the favorite and the mare lying well .up to him down thc straight running. Passing thc stand, Tiger lcd Volunteer by a length, Sappho "well in baud, mid galloping strongly,!! few yards behind the latter. At tke comer, and into the dip, Tiger increased the JKICC, and thc mare closing with Volunteer on thc fiat bade bim good day, mid waited upon the leading horse up thc hill and into the turn home, when she closed up «nd challenged, and a most desperate and interesting struggle ensued between thc two down the flat. Sappho, freely punished, clung to Tiger's side and would not bc shook off, and as they neared the goal, the excitement was intense. Bravely wa< it contested, and as the twain rushed hy the winning post^ many were rather disposed to award ft " dc.-.d heat", than coiucido with the judge, who pronounced Tiger thc winner by a a liare Jicad. This was thc best, indeed thc only raen of the meeting. Time 2in otis. Ti- ger" was up to aucti;ti, according to tho con- ditions of th« race, and bought in by his owner for Do guineas. Between the above and the next event, a match, once round flic course, for £ 15 a side, was run between Mr Brown's b. p«ny, and Mr G. Moss' gr. p., which was won by the former, the latter bolting towards thc entunico gate. A challenge was subsequently given and accepted, to run a second match for" a like amount, the "same distance, at the close of the day's sports. Founni lÎACn. Tiru TRADESMEN'S PUUSK of seventy sovs, for all horses that ncicr won an advertised prue exceeding thirty sovs., cxclusivcof sweepstakes; once round and a distance; two year olds "st 71bs, three years Sst 71bs, four years Hst SIbs, five years 9st 101b-", six and aged lOst, mares nnd "geldings allowed albs, an extra allowance for maidens. Twenty sovs. to be given from thc pri/.c for which a second heat must bc run, the winner to be considered the second ,horse in the race. Thc winner in thc first heat and distanced horses not nllowcd to sturt. Entrance five sovs. to start nt 2"30. Mr Windham's g m Lundie, 4 yrs, 9st 2lb . (Holmes) 1 Mr T. Roberts' b g Jack Sheppard, aged, 9st lllb. 2 dis Mr Fawcett'.* b g Huntsman, 3 yrs, 7st 13lb 3 1 Mr Williams' b g Sir Frederick, aged, 9st Gib. dr Sir Frederick being drawn, the trio drew to thc post for this event, tho Maitland marc being freely backed nt 3 to 1 against the two. The raco'may be briefly described. The favorite led lier competitors from thc jump, w as never headed, and won with crise, heating Jack Sheppard by a couple nf lengths, Huntsman pulling up within tho distance Time, 2m SOsccs. For the second prize Huntsmnn lcd the House- breaker half wny round, when the latter again experienced an attack of obstinacy and stopped short, leaving Huntsmnn to canter in nt leisure. Firm RACE. THE METROPOLITAS HANDICAP of one hundred sovs. for nil horses, to be handicapped by the Umpire or whom ho may appoint. Maiden Plate course. The second horse to receive twenty sovs. from tho prize. Entrance five sovs., to start at 3*30. Mr Fawcett's br g Sampson, 5 vrs. 9st 9lb ..."..'.(W. Ford) 1 Mr Dc^Clouctt's c li Little John, aged, 9st 31b. 2 Mr Tait's h m Industry, aged, Sst 8lb. 3 Capt. Fitz Roy's ch g Volunteer, aged, 8st 81b. 0 Mr Thos. Robcrts's b h Vnngunrd, 4 yrs, 7stl0lb.: 0 Mr Ward's g g Pasha, aged, 7st 91h. 0 Mr Harris's b g Tiger, aged, Sst. dr Mr Holmes'sbrc Revenge, 3 yrs, 7st. dr Mr Eales's br li Cooramill,3 yrs, 7st 101b.. dr Mr R. Fawcett's b h Sportsman, 4 vrs, 9st 51b. dr 5 to 1 upon Sampson wore the odds going a begging-tho only horse, whispered as having tho ghost of a chance against him being Industry, whoso foot is notorious, but whose fretfulness and fickleness of disposition, in addition tohcr evident ill condition, threw her out of thc betting. The favorite jumped away in company with thc marc, who footed it with hun down tho fiat, followed by Little John, Volunteer, Vanguard, and Pnshn. Sampson lcd Industry by a length past tho chair to tho corner, down into tho hollow, and to tho foot of thc hill, where her Indysliip, as was anticipated, bolted towards thc gate, and was with difficulty got on ' to tho course again. In the meantime tho Bathurst horse gallantly breasted tlie rise, ' and showed himself in closo proximity to tho favorite as they wheeled into the flat. Thc mnre, was now seen matinga despcrato but futile'struggle to regain her lost ground; sho gained rapidly stride upon stride, but her chance, if over theru had. been any, had gone by, and Little John, answering gamely to whip and spnr, ran in within a length of Samp- son, who won tho event with ease. Time, 3 m. 15 sec. Tho return match bçtween' thc ponys of Messrs Nfoss and Brown was then run, mid won by tho former, the hitter unfortunately coming in col- lision with a horseman amongst the crowd col- lected near the Stand, and pulling up. The curtain has fallen upon the Drapers' Homebush Meeting of. 1853--a Meeting j-which may fairly challenge comparison ; with any preceding one in respect I to the good feeling preraiüñg amongst» «nd i the decorum observed br, all classe* o£ I spectators. Not a single* instance of in-. | toxication came within our ken; and I rational enjoyment triumphed over the { excess which is unfortunately too often one of the principal features of a race course. "J The hospitality of C. "Newton, Esq., was profusely extended to his friends and visitors, and the " recherche " spread pro- vided was presided over hy his amiable lady with her wonted grace andy affability. I The only catastrophes we have to relate I are the sudden deaths of two" horses, one I of which dropped dead upon thc course, and the other, a valuable hackney, the property of Mr Fawcett, fell in the weigh- ing yard, and though -immediately, and freely, bled, expired in about ten minutes. Last evening the fortunate owners of thc winning'horses assembled at the Commer- cial Hotel, and received their respective prizes from the hands of Mr Newton. As a sequitur approved by invariable custom, the healths of the principal promoter of the Meeting, and that of his amiable lady, were enthusiastically drunk in overflowing bumpers. The toasts of " Mr Fawcett and the owners of horses," " Mr Charles Roberts," " Mr John Rose Holden," &c; &*c were then proposed, and most cordially responded to, and after three deafening cheers for the N.S.W. Turf the company separated. 