Legislative Council Thursday, 23rd September, CLERGY SALARIES BILL At half-past nine on Thursday evening, 16 members being present, Mr. KERMODE, in moving the second reading of a Bill to provide for the Payment of Salaries to the Clergy, made the following observations :- My object in bringing forward this measure at the present time is, I need not say, solely for the good of that Church of which I am a member. The point aimed at in the Bill is one which nearly the whole of the members on this side of the House have expressed their approval of, and I should hope those on the other side will not withhold theirs. It is simply to give the Christian people - members of the Epis- copal Church of England in this Colony, those not only who pay for the support of the Clergyman, but who are most directly and intimately concerned in his character and ministration - an effective voice in his appointment. This is quite consistent with the principles of the Church ot England, as is sufficiently evidenced by the unquestionable authorities to which I formerly referred. I might yet refer to many other learned and ancient writers, but remembering the late- ness of the hour, and believing that the principle of giving the people an effective voice in the appoint gent of their ministers, was one which was fully recognised by the members, of the Council generally, it was the less necessary that I should do more than make one or two quotations from acknowledged and standard authorities in the Church of England, more particularly among high Churchmen, - I will first direct your attention to a passage or two in "Bing- ham's Antiquities of the Christian Church." " Cyprian (an eminent father of the early Church and in the greatest repute), in several other of his Epistles speaks of the same deference paid to his presbytery, and in one place he more particularly tells them that it was a law and a rule that he had laid down to himself from the first entrance on his bishopric, that he would do nothing without their advice and the con- sent of the people." Again, in another place - "the common people themselves have, before all other, the power either to choose worthy priests, or to refuse the unworthy, which thing we see to have the beginning of God's authority, that the priest, in the presence of the people, should openly and in every man's sight be chosen and allowed to be worthy and meet by the public judgment and open testimony." Now only one more quotation, and that shall be from Hooker, and I appeal to the highest churchman ia the land, not excepting the Bishop of Tasmania himself, whether I could adduce a more unexceptionable authority in a matter relative to the constitution and laws of our Church than that of Hooker. Now, Hooker in the 14 sec. of VII. Book of Ecclesiastical Polity affirms ; " These cases of inevitable necessity excepted, none may ordain but only Bishops: by the imposition of their hands, it is that the Church giveth power of order both unto Presbyters and Deacons. Now when that power so received is once to have any certain subject whereon it may work and whereunto it is to be tied, here coineth in the people's consent, and not before. The power of order I may lawfully receive without asking leave of any multitude ; but that power I cannot exercise upon any one certain people utterly against their wills. Neither is there in the Church of England any man by order of law possessed with pastoral charge over any parish but the people in effect to choose him thoreunto. For, albeit they choose not by giving every man personally his particular voice, yet can they not say that they have their pastors violently obtruded upon them, inasmuch as their ancient and original interest therein hath been by orderly means derived into tho patron who choo8eth them." Here the right of the people to have a consent in the appointment of the clergyman is expressly affirmed to be a funda- mental principle of the Church of England. Hooker endeavours to show - whether successfully or not it does not now concern me to enquire - that this right is seccured - and provided for in tho patron of the bene- fice. Here, in this colony, sir, we have nothing to do with patrons. The people are themselves the patroni. They out of their own funds supply the means of paying the clergymen, and, therefore, on Hooker's principle, they have a right to be heard in the selection of the rticn who aro to exercise the functions of clergymen among them. Now, sir, the consistency of tho object of the Bill with the established principles of the Church of England is the chief point to consider,-and about this, after what 1 have said, there can be no doubt. And on this ground alono I think that it is at all times, and under any circumstances, desirable to give practical effect to our principles. But, sir, we aro not left to argue the importance of passing the Bill now on merely general considerations. The exigencies of the times call loudly for it. The delegates who assembled in Hobart Town last year from the different Episcopal Churches of this Diocese, under authority of the Bishop, strongly adopted this principle, and urged its immediate application, as indispensable for the best interests of the Church. At that Conference of Lay Delegates of the Church of England appointed by the members of the Church in the several Districts of the Diocese, and assembled upon the invitation of the Bishop, the following Parishes were represented : Trinity Parish, Hobart Town, W. C. Brown. St. George's, ditto, J. Barnard. St. John's, ditto, J. B. Bryan. Queenborough, H. Priaulx, D.A.C.G. Now Town, C. B. Brewer. Sorell, R. Blyth. Campbell Town, Dr. Vallentine. Ross, R. Q. Kermode, M.L.C. Green Tonds, E. Bisdee, M.L.C. Richmond, B. Dickson. Bothwell, T. Axford. Bruni Island, A. S. Denno. Hamilton, Captain Langdon. Prossers Plains, T. Crnttenden. Clarence Plains, T. M'Ardell. Macquarie Plains, Captain Fenton, M.L.C. O'Brien's Bridge, M. Steel. St. John's, Launceston, J. A. Eddie. Trinity, ditto, W. Johnstone., Longford, W. Archer. Patterson's Plains, J Atkinson. Win- dei mere, Captain Neilly. Bishopsbourne, J. Pyko. Lake River, J. Parker. Isis, P. H. Gell. Perth, W. K. Hawkes. Evandale, A. T. Collett. Fingal and Cullenswood, R. V. Legge. Newnham, W. Henty. Well, sir, at that conference the following resolution was carried by 17 to 9 of the Delegates - " That it is the opinion ot this Assembly that the nomination of the Clergy should be vested in the members of the Church in each congregation - the Bishop exercising the same power in admitting persons so nominated as the Bishops possess upon the presentation or nomina- tion of the Parochial Clergy by the Patrons of Livings in England; and that a Petition to the Legislative Council, praying for their recommendation of this measure, be signed by the Chairman on tho part of this Assembly." And in order that I may show fur- ther that this measure is one which is urgently wished for by the people, have we not several Petitions now lying on the table of the House ? There is the Peti- tion from the Minister and Churchwardens of St. Mark's Church, Pontville, and other adult members of the Church, praying that "the right of electing a clerk in holy orders, and presenting him to the Bishop for institution and induction on every avoidance which may occur in the Church to which they shall have been subscribers may be conferred upon the resident and subscribing members of the Church." This petition, sir, is signed by eighteen of the principal resident settlers at Pontville, and was presented to this House on the 20th July. Then, sir, we have one from Ross Parish, com- plaining that unworthy ministers in many instances have been imposed on their congregations, and that no practical remedy exists for their removal. This petition was presented on the 23rd of last month, aud on the 13th September two more petitions were presented - one adopted by a public meeting in this City and signed by the hon. member for New Norfolk as chairman, the other from the church- wardens of Trinity Parish, Hobart Town, each pray- ing that the several congregations might have secured to them a voice in the election of their ministers And this last petition, sir, brings to my recollection the state of things in this very town which loudly calls for the remedy provided in this Bill - I allude to the case of Trinity Parish. In consequence of the unconstitutional procedure of the Bishop, a con- siderable number of the well-disposed members of our Church with their families are in danger of being driven, sorely against their wills, from within her pale. And what is the case with Trinity parish may at any time be the case with any other Parish in the Diocese. How, sir, can any true friend of the Church of England stand quietly by while such things are going on without taking some active and decisive steps, if possible, to avert the disastrous evils which threaten her? The true remedy is the enact- ment of the principle of this Bill, which has been shown to be a fundamental principle of the Church. I need not refer further to the unhappy contentions and divisions which are springing up among us in consequence of the want of it. It is to crush these contentions and divisions in the bud, sir, by giving effect to a great constitutional principle of our Church, which has induced me to bring forward this Bill. I now beg to move the second reading of the Bill. CAPTAIN FENTON seconded the motion. Tho COLONIAL SECRETARY felt it his duty to state his reasons why he could not entertain the motion for the second reading of this BiII,and he was opposed to it on several grounds. In the first place, he looked upon it as a measure which was directly opposed to the fundamental principles of the consti- tution of the Church of England, and although it had been stated that it was desired by a majority of the members of that Church, he must say that the asser- tion had not been proved to his satisfaction. In the next place, he believed that the proposed measure infringes upon the prerogative of Her Majesty the Queen, inasmuch as in this colony Her Majesty has the privilege of appointing all the ministers of the Church of England ; and even if the measure was passed, he took it therefore that the Lieutonant Governor would not be justified in giving it the Royal assent. For this reason then it appeared to him that the promoters of the Bill were only wasting the time of the House. Even if the Bill was such a one as he could support, he should hesitate before he should enter into the consideration of it this session, more especially because, as he had stated, he had distinctly understood when the Church Bill was withdrawn that this matter would not be pressed upon the House at present, and besidos ho objected to the Bill itself. No man could more doeply regret the dissensions which prevailed in the Church of which he was au at- tached though uuworthy member, and ho earnestly hoped that some measure might be devised to heal those dissensions. But this Bill could not have that' effect. Instead of mending matters, it would make them ten times worse. The strife which has hitherto been confined to a few localities of the island, if the Bill passed, would originate a little spiritual war in every part of the colony, would tend to extend the differences of party spirit through every parish in the country. Besides, he thought the measure had been got up in a hurry, its principles had not been suffi- ciently considered ; and it would be unwise and im- prudent for the Council to adopt any hastily con- ceived measure which might be repented afterwards when considered at leisure. The Bill had been con- cocted within the last few days. It was only on the spur of the moment, when the hon. and gallant mem- ber for New Norfolk's motion was "under considera- tion, that the hon. mover pledged himself to bring forward a measure of this kind. He (the Colonial Secretary) could not therefore see that the Council was Justified in legislating hastily to this point; in fact, of legislating at all at present. The hon. mem- ber referring to the details of the Bill, put several cases forward in support of his arguments as to its impracticability and inconsistency with the constitu- tion of the Church; first, maintaining that the state of things was the same in this colony as in England, that even by the authority of the Ven." Hooker it was plain that the parishioners had no direct Vote in the election of then- ministers. All he said was, that the parishioners were represented by the patron, and it was so in this colony; the patron was represented by the Queen, who had the appointment. Supposing, again, a vacancy arose in any parish, and there did not happen to be a gentleman qualified to fill the vacancy, and it would be necessary to send to Great Britain for one, would he be disposed before coming out to be allotted to any particular parish in Van Diemen's Land, subject to being refused the certifi- cates of the parishioners if he did not suit their par- ticular views? He thought they would find very few who would face such an ordeal. Supposing, again, that any gentleman was rash enough to come out under such circumstances. What must he do if the present Bill were to become law? He must start off to the parish at his own cost and expense, and might be detained there for an iudefinite period, until, under the second section, some five or more of the parishioners should take certain steps to secure bim his salary. He might under the section be kept in suspense for six months or for five years, as no time was fixed by the Bill in which these steps should be taken, and there was no means by which the expenses of the candidate would be guaranteed. Supposing, then, either that a person resident in this colony or newly arrived from England did go up to a parish, and that every necessary step was taken, and the election takes place, and supposing that some of the parishioners entertained Puseyite and the others Evangelical opinions - opinions which were alike commonly held by members of the Church of Eng- land - supposing also that the persons holding these opinions were equally divided in the parish, and on this election the candidate was rejected by a majority of those holding particular views? In this colony, where it was not always possible to secure the attend- ance of persons interested, this was very likely to be the case, and supposing those who thought with the candidate did not attend the meeting - what would be more likely than the same candidate would be offered again and elected by a majority of those who had been outvoted on the former occasion? He put it therefore to the House whether anybody would really know what to do upon such an occasion. Neither the Lieutenant-Govemor nor the Bishop would know how to meet the case. The hon. member then turned to the 5th section, by "which it was pro- posed that it should not be lawful for the clergy to hold any lands. Supposing, as in many instances was the case in this colony, that lands had been handed over to the church for the use of the clergyman, the original intention of the donors was not to be carried out ; and he maintained that the Council had no right to pass any Bill which would have the effect of frus- trating those intentions. He also objected to the provision of the Bill which would confer the right of voting to persons of 17 years of age ; and remarked that it was even carried so far as to include those who could not write. It was well known that, there were very many in this colony who, having attained that age, could not read also, and he really could not see how they could expect a parcel of ignorant people to decide as to who should or should not be the minister of a parish, when it was well known that even some of the most intelligent and respectable members of the church were divided upon doctrinal opinions. For these reasons he should oppose the second reading of the Bill. MR. GREGSON rose to move an adjournment of the debate until Tuesday next, and in doing so should be sorry to have it supposed that he was desirous to burke the Bill. He saw his bon. and gallant friend (Captain Fenton) was taking voluminous notes, that his heart was set on this matter, and he (Mr. Gregson) was anxious that the Council should come fresh to tho discussion of the subject. He thought there had been a little undue liaste, mpre particularly when he recollected that when the Council sat under the 9th George IV. it was neces- sary that their intended proceedings should bo notified to the public at least eight days beforehand in the newspapers or the Gazette. It was desirable that when such a measure as this was brought under con- sideration that the public should have some notice of it. It was manifest also that the Bishop should have some notice, and he (Mr. Gregson) was perfectly seri- ous when he stated that the Bishop was not once referred to in the Bill, and he knew that until this day the Bishop hod been ignorant of tho Bill in question, and had only just sent down a messenger for a copy of it. Lest it should be thought, however, that he was against the main feature of the Bill, namely, that the lay members of the Church ought to have a voice in choosing their Ministers, he would now state, as he had stated before, that he was anxious they should exercise that privilege. But when he looked at the Bill now before the House he found other provisions were introduced, and to which he was not prepared to assent at present, (Mr. Kermode, " Mention them"). It was not necessary to do so at the present time ; what he wanted now was, that the Council would give time. He should wish to communicate with the Bishop before giving his assent to legislating upon one of the most important questions which could be brought under their consideration: let them even go back to the invariable practice of the days of George IV., and let the Bill be postponed for eight or ten days, so that its provisions might go before the public. He had no hesitation, however, lnafiirming the principle that the laity ought to have a voice in nominating the clergy ; he was not sure though that this would be the right to whom the matter was naturally one of deep inteiest, might wish to be heard by counsel at the bar against it. He should be prepared even to oppose the second reading if the adjournment was not consented to. He did not think that it would not be well, without anxious consideration, or without opening, as at the meeting, with prayor, to proceed with the discussion at the present moment; nay, more, ho thought it might prove positively pernicious. MR DUNN seconded the motion for the adjourn- ment. MR. ANSTEY would oppose the adjournment for the same reasons as he would also oppose the second reading. Holding the opinions which he did, he should not feel himself justified in expressing any opinion upon the religion of the question ; and, there- fore, not looking at the case in a religious point of view, and considering that the measure involved the great principle which affected the highest interests of a great proportion of the freo people of this colony, knowing that the Bill had only been printed but a yery short time,-that its provisions were not generally known to the people of this town, - knowing also the sluggish nature of the inhabitants, and how apathetic they were in matters of vital importance to them- selves, he held it to be most unreasonable to ask the House to affirm its principle, or to pronounce any opinion either for or against tho measure. He con- ceived that the petition of the Archdeacon of Laun- ceston suggested the proper course for the Council to follow. He had before stated that it was not his wish to enter into tho religious bearing of tho ques- tion, and he abstained from doing so, not because, as it might be supposed, ho entertained tho opinion that the Bishop of Tasmania was inclined towards tho Church to which he (Mr. Anstey) belonged : no, he would leave it to the right feeling and good sense of the House, con- fident that the Bill would not be rend a second time this evening. He had such an opinion of the right feeling of the House as led bim to anticipate that a measure so important as this, brought forward at such a late period of the session, would not obtain their sanction. It might be said, as he anticipated it would, that the question had been before the public for the last eighteen months; but that argument would not hold water. The specific measure had not been before the public-the natural sequence of its provisions has not been seen by the people. They had also heen told that the Bill had not been seen until this morning by the Bishop of Tasmania, and he would remind hon, members that, although the Church Bill had been withdrawn for some time, it was only yesterday that a petition numerously signed had been forwarded against it. He regarded this as an additional proof of the accu ÏSwiî" °P,moniûf »ho «hjggish apathy of,the people with respect to every matter in which their individual and private interests are not immediately concerned. Mr. Anstey further dwelt upon the great importance of withdrawing the measure until the real sentiments of the members of the Church of England were unequlvocally expressed,andconPlnfl5 by expressing his decided opposition to either of the proposed courses. Mr. CHAPMAN, in supporting the original motion, guarded himself by expressing his desire to affirm the main principle of the Bill - namely, that the lay members of the - Church of England' «hün have a voice in the nomination of their ministers. It was that principle which he wished to affirm. They had seen the deplorable state to which the Church of England in this colony bad been reduced, and that the same principle had been affirmed by an overwhelming majority of the members of that church, and he had watched carefully the progress of publio opinion and of the tonner debate upon this subject, and therefore felt he should be wanting in the discharge of his duty to a large and influential body of his constituent* if he did not uphold the principle for which they were so anxiously contending. The principle had also been affirmed at one of the largest meetings he had ever attended, and petitions in its favour were now before the House. With respect to the proposition of the hon. member for Richmond, that they should go back to the days of George 4th, which was founded upon the practice of the old Council, that practice was now different. The former Council was entirely composed of nominees of the Crown ; this was, in part, a House of Representatives, and their constituents Could make themselves heard through their representatives. Tho same necessity, therefore, did hot exist. Seeing therefore, that a large body of his constituents wen ptcsent at tho meeting at the Mechanics'Institute and that the voice of the people, as so expressed | should receive every attention, and finding that with! out some such provision as that proposed by the Bul was absolutely necessary,-seeing also that it was net likely that any legislation would yet take place on the subject in England, and it was therefore possible that the great gnevance might be borne at least nine months longer, he appealed to the Council whether it was not right that they should grapple the subject at once. Should the House go into Committee, it was quite possible that the Bishop of the Diocese and his Clergy might offer some valuable suggestions-that its provisions might be modified so as to obtain the general assent of the whole of the members of the Church of England. He hoped, therefore, the Homo would assent to the second reading, and it need nut follow that it should be committed to-night. Seeing, however, that it was absolutely necessary that some- thing should be done, ha should vote for the second reading, and would adopt the expression of the bon. member for Oatlands-he would leave it to the right feeling and good sense of the House, with the con- fidence that they would support the second reading. MR. ALLISON said- he should vote against the second reading, and also against the adjournment, on tho ground that he could see no good which could result from the adoption of either course. Ho was of opinion that the people of this colony knew nothing of the plan proposed, beyond that it was proposed that the lay element should have a voice in the election of ministers. He thought that the discussion of the principle should be delayed until the Act for the government of all the Churches in the colony was rought forward - that would be the proper oppor- tunity, the proper time for discussion. The principle, if conceded at all, should be introduced into tho new Church Act, and it might be that if the present Bill became kaw, that a barrier might be formed to its working on tho present Church Act of the colony. It might be found necessary to repeal certain sections of that Act before the Bill could come into operation. He did not apprehend there was any immediate want of legislation upon the subject 'No man could more deeply regret the dissensions and troubles which had lately been experienced than himself: he had looked upon them in the same light as disgraceful family quarrels, and was sorry to see them obtruded upon the public. It had been a painful spectacle for him to see clergymen, men of peace and charity, quarrelling amongst themselves more violently than men in ordinary life. Ho should certainly vote against the second reading, as well aa the-adjournment. No good could possibly result from carrying the discussion further. CAPTAIN FENTON hoped to approach a subject, which he regarded as one or such viul^mportance, ia a fair and manly spirit; it was a subject which deeply occupied the attention of the members of the Church of England in this colony- and he most express a feeling of extreme regret and surprise, after the general expression of opinion elicited upon a former occasion, at the opposition now unexpectedly evinced to the further progress of the measure. He had had many opportunities of knowing the real opinions of a large majority of churchmen upon this question; he knew that the feeling he entertained was also entertained by them, and in the certain correctness of that conviction was encouraged to go onward. He had found that the voice of the com- munity was in favour of the principle for which he was contending, that it was immediately necessary that legislation should take place on the matter ; and should they hesitate when they see the danger at their doors ? It was not when the house was burnt down that they were to look for the presence of the flames. Every one conversant with the present state of the Church of England in this colony must bo well aware that nearly all the Evangelical clergy had been driven away. Was it their duty then, ne enquired, to delay any measure which would bave the effect of putting'a stop to such a «tate of .affairs ? It was not his intention to call into question the opinions of any other person, but to maintain his own. He maintained the right of every man to entertain his own conscientious opinions Knowing also the opinions which ho held were shared in Dy an over- whelming majority of the people of this colony, be not only felt it his duty to maintain his own, but to seek to protect the people from injury, to save them from cer- tain ruin and destruction, to secure to the congregations the right of rejecting any Minister whose doctrines they condemn Could there be a higher or nobler duty for the House to undertake than to protect the people of this colony against encroachment in their desire to maintain in its purity that doctrine for which their ancestors bled and lost their lives to preserve? He thought he lud said enough when this question had been before the House to show that .he did not approach it in an angry or in a vindictive spirit, sod mordor not to delay the Council he would proceed at once to notice the observations of the Colonial Secretary, who had stated his opinion that the measure now proposed was such as would invade the preroga- tive of the Crown, and consequently on that reason His Excellency would not be warranted or authorised in giving the Royal assent, thereby inferring the probability of its being, if passed, necessary that the Bill should be transmitted to Her Majesty. He (Capt. Fenton) admitted that they could not compel His Excellency to give the Royal assent to the Bill, but to show that there was a probability of His Excellency concurring in the measure, he would rejer.the Home- ro His Evsellency'a own-4einar«aVeplnions upon the point now under consideration. It would be per- ceived that His'Excellenoy's statements were just in unison with those of the persons whose opimos« ne (Capt. Fenton) was anxious should befuUy represented to the Council. The extract he referred to would De found iu Sir William Denison's Despatch of 1861. I should alio propose that by the same Act provMon should be made for the election by each religious com- munity which may wish to avail Itself of the advantages und conveniences which the Act will afford, of a Body op Uefiieskntativbs, to which body, howttar, will J» .dveii to legislate for the community which It represen»» in so for us ecclesiastical matter« are concerned. 1 lie difference between the scheme advocated by m« mid that suggested in the minutes (of tha Conference ot the Bishop») is, that 1 propose that tha represent»«« members of each Church, whether lay or clerical,sbouia auetnbli. together in one body and discuss among in«»* selves ali such matters as muy be of interest «o,«>** J" their collective capacity a* a Church, and the uïase» wislt io separate the two and to constitute a «otiseo« Convocation composed of the clergy only,and a tonf en tion composed of Lay Delegates. , "-. lo Hie former Would be reserved the power oí con «Uterina and deciding all doctrinal questions,«.?*'."! the latter would consult and decida only-on qaeMw» which affect-and «ven in these questions their **.""" would not be valuad without tha consent of the uwvv cation. ' [ Now that prinoiple was exactly the prmotple »atended tor by the Lay Delegates appointed by the various parislics, in accordance with the invitation «T Bishop i the principle for which they were now con tending went to this extent, and this only;«*»»T» in order to obviate the impending danger of havwg the Evangelical Minister driven out of the Cotoof for it is clear they must be if tbe principle is not con ceded-that the protection of the Conned, was no« I sought The matter was so clear, he was »t"0!?," 'bia own mind that with due and prop» »«.»««» the House would agree with him upon that point With reference to the belief of the Colonial Secretary that no proceedings would be taken upon this matter if the Church Bul was withdrawn, Captain Fenton had not harboured,any such intention when the bon. member for Cumberland suggested it should be with- drawn. But for that withdrawal ho should have endeavoured to have induced the House to embody several clauses greater in extent than any provision of the present Bill. It was rather a matter of disap- pointment to him that it had been withdrawn, and that the Colonial Secretary assented to it, for the notice he had upon the paper affirming the principle of the Bill now under discussion was placed there with the sole purpose of attempting to introduce a Clause to that effect amongst others in the Church Bill. With reference to the ridicule attempted to be .cast upon the présent Bill, he did not really think it a creditable point for the Colonial Secretary to toke np. Tho reference to those persons who could not sign,' and consequently mode their mark, was a fri- volous rcmaik, when it was remembered that there were very many settlers who could not write, or if «t best, very indifferently. It was, however, inserted ¡n the schedule, more from correctness of form than from any conviction it would be required at all. It had been observed by the lion, member for1 Richmond, that the name of the Bishop did not in any one in- stance appear throughout the Bill. Was not that a clear proof that there is no désira to attack the Bishop ? Was it not clear that there was no wish to infringe upon any right which the Bishop possesses; and wherefore was thora any necessity for his name to ap- roar? So long as the Bishop chooses proper persons for ordination, there was bo desire to invade the privi- lèges of his office. All that the majority of the mem- bers of the Church of England required was that no obstacle should be experienced in retaining the ser- vices of ministers whoso doctrines were acceptable to them. It would bo foolish to tho extreme to wait until legislation takes place in England. If they waited till then, in what position would the Church lie placed? Ho thought he had fully answered all the objections which had been made on the score of the desirableness of delay. But since the published re- port of the proceedings and the resolutions adopted by the hist meeting, he would remind the House that not in one instance had any petitions been piesented against them Was it not tho natmnl inference that so for from there being any opposition to the views of those for whom he acted, that all were agreed; and such being the inference, how Lou. members could oppose the measure did appear most surprising. As to the necessity of the measure, which he contended the Bill only proposed to carry out to a limited extent, and oiily for the sake of self-defence, he urged it became every day more apparent ; and to show the opinion of the Bishop of Melbourne on this point, Capt. Fenton read the following extract: There is no doubt Unit a Bishop can exercise an arbi- trary discretion as to those whom he ordains to the minis- try, and that no legal power can compel bim to admit ? person whom he consider* to bein any way disqualified for that sacred office. But nevertheless he is bound before God lo guide himseli by the lawsot that Church to which he belongs, and neither to extend nor to narrow the terms of admission prescribed by her. It is no1, therefore, a matter of -surprise that all clergymen, and others who regard the judgment Of the Privy Council, in tile case of Gorham versus the Bishop of Exeter, to nure settled the law of lue Church of England lu that particular, should feel aggrieved al Uiu conduct of the Bishop of Ripon. We iiail with pleasure the lntell|.genee elicited by the presentation of the Petition, that the Archbishop of Can- terbury has (wen preparing a " measure which he hopes will be satisfactory to all parties." We ure glad to hear tills. We want an ecclcslusiical constitution in order that the clergy may enjoy clearly defined rights,-that the people may be consulted in the appointment ol their ministers, and that the laity may, by their representa- tives, be able lo deliberate and to act as an integral part of the Church in the management of ecclesiastical affairs. A single assembly composed of the clergy and representatives of the luity would, in our opinion, be greutly preferable) to two, hi which the respective orders should deliberate apirt: but this is comparatively of small importance, i he great object is to obtain some representation ol the laity, for when this has been once secured they ore sure, unless the Church becomes alto- gether corrupt, to acquire their proper influence aud to be found the most effectual safeguard against "priest- craft." We shall await willi deep interest the introduc- tion of the Archbishop's measure, which, from our confidence in his Grace's Christian moderation and sound discretion, we cherish a hope may prove really satisfactory and place our Church upon a s*fe and per niunent busts. In his opinion, the opinions of tho Evangelical Bishop of Melbourne ought to have great weight, more especially when they were aware that tho arbi- trary course of conduct recently pursued hero was calculated to drive out all those clergymen who chose to retain their own views with respect to the right of private judgment and disputed points, such as the question of baptismal regeneration. It was ridiculous to assert the authority of any Church to Cscribe as to the faith of any man in opposition to private judgment fouudedon Holy Scripture; and yet that was a doctrine for holding which many a clergyman was under the ban,-and therefore tho Bill involved a principle which ho maintained with his whole heart, and would strenuously endeavour to sup pott. In reference to the sympathy which their exer- tions met with in the adjoining colonies, he would refer to the following extract from a letter of the Dean of Melbourne to a gentleman, a Clergyman of this diocese, relative to the disunity at present prevailing in the Church of this Colony-he need not refer them to the documents whieh had been published by the Protestant Defence Association, farther than mention- ing those which had been received from the Clergy- men and Members of the Church of England at Adelaide : "Shall I say that I mourn over the situation in which the confessors of the truth in Van Diemen'« Land are placed, or thal 1 bleu God for it. . . It' is quite the old story over again : and if ibe remnant in Tasmania ate faithful to their God mid calmly stand their ground «. Ministers of His Church, He who has caused truth to prevail over all the power of man will surely visit and bleu his waiting people among you." Now where tiley had such evidences of sympathy among the members of the Church of England in the neighbouring colonies sa that exhibited in this con «olatory letter, they ought to look with confidence to the House, in the assurance that they would obtain that protection which was so essential to their future welfare. Ho could not sit down without referring to one fact in connexion with the disunion which now existed iu this Colony, and that was with reference to the refusal of the Bishop to ratify tho appointment of the Rev. Mr. Medland to Trinity Church. Sir William Denison recommended Air. Medlnnd's appointment to the Bishop t the Bishop refused, object. hiR that Mr. Medland ilenied the authority of the Church ; Sir William Denison wrote lo .Mr. Meilland Informing him of the objection, and asking bim for un «tplanatioii Mr. Medland thankfully sent Ids explana- tion, being of course highly gratified that in any reference lo the Home Government liisrenl opinions should he "pressed along with the Bishop's charge «gainst him. will the reader believe that Mr. Medland and the Gover "st have bold received a sharp censure for this most reasonable course ol' notion ? " 1 am concerned," aaysihe Bishop, "that yon have thought it your duty to comply with a desire of the Ueutenant.Governor that you should officially explain to him your doctrinal opinions; I trust any other clergy man in the Diocese would have met auch a request with ?» unhesitating but respectful refusal. You hnve ««»unshed a precedent which, If followed and ncied upon, would invest tile Lieutenant-Governor with Hyper .Plwopal if not Papal power, &c.; But they had the positive proof that Mr. Med- land was disqualified by the Bishop because ho had signed a certain declaration. With reference to a «mark which fell from the hon. member for Oatlands, no would observe, that it was never intended to im- pute to the Bishop that ho had a leaning to the Church w which Mr. Anstey belonged. He did not feel that the Bishop was at all disposed favourably to that thurcb, but it was felt that the Bishop entertained opinions more in accordance with the tenets of that wraroh than the Church to which he belonged. "nat more straightforward measure, he enquired, could be proposed than ono which would give to the JJ»ty the simple power of protecting themselves from wat which they conceive to be erroneous teaching ? the people only require that they should havo a >o>co ,n tne eiect¡on of tnoir pastor That was the «>ie pero or proposed to bo conferred by the Bill. Could wiy thing be moro plain, more himple? In fact, he was quite surprised that lion, members who had freely novoçated the principle should now be deterred by ^aginary difficulties. By rejecting Hie measure they would show a want of that liberalism which should nnX" displayed in the discussion of any important gestion. He put it to hon. membsrs whether this int. { would not be the most healing measure by which \- the unseomingly divisions they deprecated would* be conquercd. Was it not well known that books of a Romish tendency had been put into the hands of 27 candidates for confirmation, with instructions not to communicate the knowledge of their being in their possession to others, thereby keeping it behind the scenes ? And when an old and respected clergyman got into his carriage and went in search of them, did he not find them amongst the children, in many in- stances unknown to their parents ? The hon. member for Richmond hod admitted that if tho laity were not allowed to havo a voice in the nomination of their Ministers, the Church of England must actually fall. The hon. member said be perfectly concurred in the principle, and yet he is one of those who steps forward, and, somewhat inconsistently, advocates delay in the defence of their civil rights. If there were any faults in the Bill,-and he admitted there might lie some,-it could bo so framed and altered in Committee Boas to make it work with advantage. Probably it might bo made more beneficial thau in its present shape. ¡But he (Capt. Fenton) earnestly hoped the House would pause, that it would not deal so lightly with the question as to leave a certain poi tion of the Clergy exposed to the arbitrary treat- ment which they now unhappily experienced. He and the members of the Church of England whom he represented were not desirous of invading the prero gative-of the Queen, they were not desirous of vio- lating tho constitution of the Church-they were desirous only of seeing that Church governed and guided by the principles established at the Reforma- tion, to support the supremacy of Her Majesty, anl to act hi strict conformity to the laws of tho land. MR. NUTT said his opinions were pretty well known in this respect ; and, even at the risk of any gentleman considering that he was desirous to burke tho Bill, he niust say that he should prefer a little delay. He was quito prepared to concede tho prin- ciple that the laity should have a voice in the election of theil ininistus, and was aware that that feeling was shared by a number of people, he did not hesitate to say a largo majority of the members of the Church of England ; but still they were not quito agreed as to the way in which tho principle should bo carried out. The lion, member also observed that he believed his own clergyman was about to petition'to be heard by counsel against the Bill, and peibaps tho Bishop might \vish to oppose it also. No harm could result in a little delay; and he for one would cheerfully sit for a week or a fortnight longer, if required, to do justice to the question. The SOLICITOR-GENERAL, after tho ablo and effective manner in which* the Bill had been dis- cussed, felt diffident at making any observations upon the subject at all. He did not feel it right, however, to give a silent voto, and therefore would simply say that, being a fundamental alteration of the constitution of the Church of England, he did not think it proper that the subject should be consi- dered in a hasty mannor. Ho did not approve of such an important measure being introduced at the'end of the Session-that a Bill so extensive in Us objects, which was printed on Tuesday, should be read a second time on Thursday ; moreover, when its effects would be to alter the constitution of a Church uhich had stood for ages. He could not see that the Coun- cil had cither the right or the power to effect such an alteration. It could only be done in a proper mode; he thought by a convocation, composed of bona fide Church of England mon, and comprising the Bishop, Clergy, and Laity, publicly convened for that pur- pose. The Solicitor-General also, in answer to Mr. Kermode, contended that Hooker never intended to lay down that it was according to tho constitution and usage of the Church to give a direct voice iii the selection of ministers to every parishioner. The quo- tation itself he regarded as sufficient pi oof of what had been the practice, and he also compared the practice which now existed in England with the system at present existing in this colony, and that tho former does not in any measure approach to the principle quoted by Mi. Kormode's authority ; and as a ni oof of the latter, citing, the case of the Rev. Mr. Bennett, tho Vicar of Ftoine. The Bill also ap- peared objectionable in itself, and he could never affirm it. He would'ut touch the Bill itself, although it was a tempting subject, hut felt himself com- pelled to vote against the principle. MR. KERMODE, in reply, expressed his surprise that lion, membcis, who had often made up tltcir minds to enter at a later period in the evening than this upou the discussion of and determined various matters connected with police and other material questions, should feel so sensitive when a simple mat- ter like the acknowledged principle which was in- volved in this Bill should be brought under consideia tion, and why they should be so anxious foi delay. With reference to the remarks of the Colonial Secre tarv, he had been pained excessively to hear thom. What were the gist of the remarks ? Why, he spoke in terms of ridicule of the persons whom it was pio posed to give a voice in the election of their spiritual teachers ; he argued that a parcel of ignorant people should not be entrusted with that power. He (Mr. Kermode) must express his surprise that a subject of such great and radical importance should be so lightly treated. The bon. Colonial Secretary fully admitted the evils which at present existed in the diocese, and was of apprehension that the spiritual wars would increase as the natural and inevitable result of the adoption of the Bill.' He also instanced the probabi- lity of a vacancy occurring in which it was likely that the purposes of the Bill would be defeated by the power wfiich would be given to the people who were to sit under the teaching of the candidate, and ho (Mr. Keimode) must express his astonishment that apprehensions so contrary, so unlike the confident impressions ho (Mr. Kermode) felt of the salutary working of the Bill, could have for one moment entered the mind of that hon. gentleman. But ho would ask ; who sends the representatives to that House ? Was not the franchise extended to the peo- ple so as to secure legislation for the religious as well as the temporal interests of the community at large ? Who contributes the stipends of the ministry? The people. And does it not follow, therefore, that if they are fit to be entrusted with the franchise for the maintenance of their political rights, that they will not be equally trustworthy when their highest and most eternal interests are at stake? Could it be said that they were not fit to have a voice in the election of their own ministers, whose salaries they provide-that they would not rightly appreciate that important privilege? They would; aud there aro few countries in tho known woild where that privilege can bo more safely entrusted than amongst the inhabitants of this colony. With rogaid to tho interference of the measure "with the Queen's pre- rogative, he thought the bon. and gilh'it membar for Now Noifolk had pietty wellanswuei that point. But this objection could not hold good in the measure now brought foi wai d, foi he had shown that it was neither moro 1101 less than a natuial development of tho existing Church Act. By tho present Church Act, no minister is entitled to draw his stipend unless he has been appointed in accordance with the laws of the denomination to which ho belongs. Does this Bill pioposo to inteifere with tho Bishop or His Excellency the Lieutenaiit- Govenior in respect to the appointment of ministcis ? It distinctly leaves the appointment m the bands of citboi of them as at this moment. All that it imposes is the neces- sity for gi anting a certificate showing that the minister meets with the approval of his parishioners before his salary can bo disbursed from the Colonial Treasury Supposing the appointment to bo made by the Governor, surely the Governor ought to bo con- sidered as tho patron-tho nomination does not and ought not, therefore, to be vested in tho Bishop. It is by the patronage of tho Governor that the etipeuds of the ministère ora secured to them ; then the Governoi should have the same control as is exercised by patrons in England. But what was passing before their eyes ? When a whole parish request a minister over them whose teaching they approve, and the Lieutonant-Governor, in accordance with their request, sanctions his appointment, how is the candidate received by the Bishop? He is rejected. 'Aud because a simple Bill is brought in to remedy this grievance, founded on a principle which had, as ho might say, boen almost unanimously assented to, was it right to mgo as a reason for its rejection-for it amounted to nothing less than a rejection of the Bill -that it was not fully digested, that it was a waste of time to consider tho question ? He really thought it seemed as if they were not disposed calmly to discuss it upon its merits. Was it seemly, when a large and influential body of people came to that House upon the Bishop's refusal to institute a minister whose practice and doctrine they approve, and set forth their grievance, to be told it was a waste of time to discuss the question? Should ho bo told the Council had no right to interfere- that it was only proper to decide in qu eh ( this case fal a convocation composed of the Bishop Clergy,,and Laity? Was it not well known there was no such Convocation in this colony ? Were the parishioners of Trinity-and there was another case also in point-to be unrepresented, to be deprived of all means of redress? ' Even if there was not another case in point, this one case alone was sufficient to justify the interference of the Counoil. They were not called upon in a young colony like this to adopt all the evils as well as the good connected with the Church at Home. With their eyes open to the enor mous evils which had rankled in the bosom of the Church, with all the benefits of past experience irî a colony like this, they should endeavour to place the Church upon a just and equitable basis. Ho main- tained, therefore, that the Council was called upon, in justice to the parishioners of Trinity, to legislate upon this question-it was their duty to interfere when they could confer incalculable benefit upon tho colonists at large. He deeply regretted that an hon. member had attempted to throw a slight upon the recent meet> ing. It was true that meeting was opened by prayer ; and what was moro right' and proper ? That bon. gentleman had proposed an adjournment untilTuesday next. He (Mr. Kermode) could not consider the proposi- tion in any other light than a proposition intended to get rid of the question. He would not, however, allow the question of adjournment to divert him from his purpose, and for that reason would opposo it. The Bill might or might not be carried, but believing, as ho did, that in one parish COO people had had a minister obtruded upon them in direct contradiction to the laws and usages of the Church of England as laid down by Hooker, notwithstanding the way in which that venerable authority had been so treated and twisted by the learned Solicitor-General, and believing also that they have a right to redress in consequence of that minister being forced upon them contrary to their wishes and without their free con- sent, he should press the measure upon the considera- tion of the Council. He would next turn to the alleged undue haste with*which the measure had been "brought forward. In the first place, he was of opinion, notwithstanding what had been said of the Bishop's ignorance of the clauses of the Bill, that this objection had not been fairly urged. The question had been ten days before the House, having been brought ia upon an express undei standing entered into with the House upon the discussion which took place on the motion brought forward by the bon. and gallant member for New Norfolk. Ho (Mr. Kermode) pro- posed an amendment to that motion, recommending that the Licutonant-Govcrnor should not issue any salary to any minister hereafter appointed until ho had received a certificate from a majority of the members of the Church of England to whom he was to minister. That amendment was rejected, and in tho course of the objections urged to that and the original motion, the bon. member for Richmond himself, as well as other bon. members, admitted the justice of tho principle for which he contended, and pledged themselves to acknowledge and support it when it carne before tbctn in a tangible shape. He had therefore brought this forward in the shape of a legislative enactment, and he would even bring in a second, a third, aye, or a fourth-but ho would enable tho people to secure those rights and privileges which devolved upon them as members of the Church of England. It was not, in his opinion, quite consistent of han. members to speak of the lateness of the hour ; they should consider the consequences which delay might entail upou the parties whose interests were immediately concerned. He did therefore respectfully urge the Bill upon their serious consideration-the principle could not be objected to. Ho felt he could not better illustrate the advantago of the measure he was advocating than by quoting the words of a writer of the present day, who, speaking of the application of the same principle under the very different cir- cumstances of Great Britain, said : " The principle of giving a voice to the people in the choice of their Ministers seems highly reasonable. The character of a ministry which may extend, perhaps, over a period of fifty years, is of extreme importance to any parish. A good minister may be the source of uniium be. ed blessings to several generations-a bud minister may entail on them a lusting curse; it seems, therefore, agreeable to common sense, that a Christian people should be entitled to prevent the settlement of an uti. godly minister among them. There m>v be such among the ordained ministers of (he church; Judas was auch ; títere were such at Corinth ; there were such in ti.ilntlu ; there »ere such in ¿Cjiliesusj there have been many such ; Christendom hin abounded willi them. It would be nothing else ihuti tyranny that the congre- gation should be torced to receive an unworthy in.in as their minister, or to separate themselves (rum the church to which they are altuched. No such proceed- ing is sinciioned by Scripture; for in lint inspired book Christians aie urged lu beware of I ilse prophets «ho come to them in sheen's clothing ; mid if any one come us a minister of Christ, but does not bring the doctrine of Christ, they ure wurued net to hld him God speed. Christians, then, must not listen to false doc- trine, nor place themselves under the ministry of one who tenches ii. Nor do apostolic precedents justify such a course. All that we read in Scripture of tile ordination of| ministers, shows that, in the primitive church, church officers «ere ordained or aet apuit hy the apostles or their successors in the ministry but chosen by tbe people. When a successor lo Judas in the a nos ti; lie ofllee »us to' be appointed, two disciples were selected as the most fitting wen between whom the lot was to be fust, and the select ion of these two was made hy tilt' Christian multitude. Sometime alter this the cir- cumstances of the church at Jerusule'n demanding that eenuin de icons should he chosen to administer the church lundi unil for other duties, who «ere required to be " men of dullest report, full iii the Holy Ghost and wisdom," the apostles, inspired as they were, would not liominme these church officer*, but left the election to the church. Lastly, when the evangelic labours of Puul and Barnabas hud, through the blessing of God, formed various churches in the provinces of Asia Minor, ne read that ihey ordained by popular election 1'resbyters lor these disciples in every church. The practice of admitting the people to a vote in the election of their ministers having thus been instituted by the apostle*, continued for a considerable period in the Christian churches, Mosheim, the learned presbyterian historian, Bingham, the ecclesiastical collector of eccle- siastical antiquities, Dean Waddington, Paolo S irpi, the Roman Catholic historian of the Proceedings of the Coun eil offrent, Beta, «te lather of the Catvinistic churches, Neander, the Lutheran historian of our own diys, Boat, the author of the History of the Moravian Brethren, and even Hooker, with hia strong anti.popu lar predilections, all acknowledge this to be the fact, I'he obvious effect of giving such a power to the people would be that parents could no longer destine a son to the ministry without regard to his religious character or menial powers ; and patrons could no longer determine who should be the pastor ol a parish by mere caprice, nor settle a young mau in an important spiritual rela- tion to repay the secular services rentlered by his parents lo serve n dependant or to gratify a friend, but parents und patrons would be obliged lo consider «he- llier the talents and virtues of the younx mun would secure the assent of ide parishioners. And it it exer- cised a happy influence upon the patrons ni the .choice of a niimsier, it would net still more powerfully on the theological students themselves. Under the reign of nn almost unrestricted pulronngc, tiny youth »ho hud not talent enough for the bat, und nits without sufficient industry for trade, might be sure if his parents could, only obtain the favour of a patron that he would get into a comfortable living. But when the people got their power, every theological student knew Hutt in the ab- sence of considerable legal ability, learning atid serious- ness, to say the least, he would be rejected by ihein, even if he could obtain a nomination from the patron. Access to the ministry being thus denied lo the irreli-, gtotis and the indolent; men of ability, learning,and virtue would then see their way open lo ports of use- fulness, Whether they were of opulent families with- out ecclesiastical patronage, or of the humblest rank, still further off from the smiles of the great, they would no longer hove the mortification of seeing the ill-' qualified dependents of patrons without tiny kind of excellence by uti unworthy favouritism placed over their heads." He was satisfied that the plan would woik well, de- signed aS it was to give practical effect to Church of England principles. With regard to the competency of the Council to legislate upon this matter, he had only to reiterate the assurance, that it was engrafted upon the existing Act; and surely the people had a right to havo a voice in the election of their ministers. lTie Bishop ought not to bo the only judge; and although he was desirous to give him full credit for conscientiousness of purpose, he (Mr. Kermode) was no less convinced that it was the duty of the Council jealously and anxiously to watch over the interests of the people. He had shown, he thought, that it would be desirable to make the certificate a necessary con- dition before issuing the salaries in every case; and as this was the siinplo and solo object of the Bill, he hoped it would pass the second reading. It might, if considered necessary, bo then referred to a Select Committee. To this course he should have no ob- jection. Ho admitted it was not perhaps perfect in all respects; but solong as he established the prin- ciple, ho should bo content and satisfied. Inasmuch, however, as he could not butconsidcr that the propo- sition for an adjournment was solely for tho purpose of getting out of it, to evade it, so to speak, with the appalling facts he had alluded io before his eyes, he could not do otherwise than press it to a division. Ho maintained that legislation was necessary to re- lievo tho members of the Church from the yoke of unconstitutional ' tyranny under which they were labouring. Was there any thing in life more valu- able, more important than the proper spiritual training of the people ? Let his children havo good spiritual training, that spiritual teaching which he himself cherished. They might take all his acres, all his money, everything which, so to speak, could render life happy, but do not forceen the community a system of spiritual teaching to which it is opposed. He could not sit under it ; ho could not conscienti- ously consent to accept other teaching than that which was- established upon and in accordance with the glorious principles of tho Protestant Reformation. Ir. Kermode concluded by expressing his deep regret that he had so long occupied the time of the House. He hod much rather that the subject had been taken up by his lion and gallant friend the member for New Norfolk. He had felt himself utterly unequal to the task, not only from its magnitude and import- ance, but because he was in a state of ill-health. If ho had treated it with an apparent warmth, or dis- played a want of temper, he could only repeat, in extenuation, that his solo object had been the good of that Church of which he was a member,-and again craving the indulgence of the House, he would leave the matter in their hands, opposing the adjournment, and urging, as he now moved, that the Bill be read a second time. After a few words of explanation from the Colonial Secretary and Mr. Gregson, the question was put on tim adjournment, and declared to be lost. The House then divided upon the original motion, with the following result: Avks 7. Nora 9. Messrs. Archer, Messrs. Allison, Chapman, Anstey; Clerke, Bisdee, Feilton, Cox, Gleadow, Gregson, Morrison, Nutt, Kermode (teller). The Colonial Secretary, The Solicitor-General, Mr. Leake (teller). The House adjourned at a quarter- past 12. Old Colonists' Festival-The festival, exclu- sively got up asa reunion of Old Colonists of Tas- mania of not less than 20 years' standing, comes off, under the cuisiniership of Webb, at Mons. Gilbert's Rooms, Harrington street, to- monow evening. 