"MOVING." (From Household Words. J MAN is, undoubtedly, not given to " abide in his den for any length of time ; but is always peering out of his quarters in search of better, or rather, novel accommodation. When he is in a Terrace, he has an insatiate longing for a Crescent ; once removed to a Crescent, he feels that existence is only worth having in a Square. He never moves into a new house without declaring that here he will abide to the end of the chapter ; but he never pays a quarter's rent without expressing his thanks that three more months of the lease have expired. Every house that he takes is his beau ideal of a residence until he has "moved:" from which time it rapidly descends in his estimation, and he feels irresistibly inclined to migrate to a mansion in every respect the opposite of his present abode. He is in a house in a Square. The house-to an ordinary observer is a very good house. The rooms are large and well-proportioned. Mr. Chadwick himself could find no fault with the drains ; the rent is remarkably moderate ; the landlord is obliging ; the air is good ; the inclosure is handsomely variegated with flowers and the supply of water is pure, abundant, and cheap. Yet Homo cannot endure it. Ask him to particularise the faults of his house or the sins of the Square, and he becomes very voluble indeed. The window on the first landing-place opens outside instead of inside.; the sun never shines upon the back attic window, owing to an intervening stack of chimneys ; there is a board of the second-floor front room perceptibly loose. And then look at the pump in the Square, Sir, why it can only be worked by the left hand. These things are not to be borne by a sensible man ; therefore Home is looking out for a cottage in the suburbs-a cottage with bow-windows. Why bow-windows ? Because his present abode has the ordinary square windows. The cottage in the suburbs must have two drawing rooms communicating by folding-doors. Why " must r "Because in his mansion in the Square the drawing-rooms are permanently separated. Homo finds a cottage with these peculiarities. Forthwith he engages a man who advertises on several spring-vans, that goods are carefully moved in town and country. His household gods are about to be translated from his old Purgatory in the Square to his new Elysium in the suburbs. His tables look gouty, swathed in bands of hay ; his last night in the Square is passed in a room destitute of carpet. In the morning the towel horse, he finds, has already taken to the road, having started with the first van, and his brushes are in the lower recesses of a box at the bottom of the loaded van still at the door. But when Home compares these temporary inconvenience with the dungeon from which he is now emancipating himself, he bears them with a light heart. The miseries of moving, however, are not insignificant trials. In the first place, several days before you perceive any necessity, your wife orders the curtains to be removed from your body, and your Turkey carpet to be carried away on the back of a sturdy fellow who promises to beat it. A little square of drugget is provided, just sufficient in extent to protect your feet from the floor, provided always that you concentrate your attention upon the position of your toes throughout the morning. For one day you feel no other annoyances as yet, you have only caught an ordinary cold ; but, if you expect to get through the business with this slight inconvenience, you are unreasonable. On a succeeding day you descend quietly, as usual to the breakfast-table. A tool basket lies in your arm-chair, and a chisel is placed conveniently (for the plumber,) upon a bunch of wax fruit : the glass of which has been carefully packed up long ago. The presence of the carpenter is painfully suggested by a strong perfume of sawdust. But you have made up your mind to leave the abominable house, and you still determine to make the best of matters. You endeavour to say a cheerful word or two to the chairmen (who appear to be making a hasty breakfast of tin tacks,) and sit down to consume roll and rather. You look about for the Times ; yonder carpenter has perched it upon the top of his ladder, as a convenient tray for his nails. Probably you try to go out for the day after this experience. Where is your hat The hat-stand has been carefully moved by spring van, and there is nothing in the hall but two fish kettles and a boot jack. Your favourite umbrella (of course being " moving " days, it rains is nowhere to be found and were it not that your wife has preserved from the wreck a cast off hat by stuffing it full of children's boots and bundles of tradesmen's receipts, and that the cook accommodates you with her gingham parachute, you would be obliged to remain at home, and to stand all day, like Byron, with your Household Gods shivered about you. In the evening you return home early in the hope of having a quiet hour or two before bed-time. Of course you knock three times before you are heard, and then a strange head from an upper window obliges you by an inquiry, " Is that you, Joe shoes being one of the bright company engaged to effect your removal to the villa paradise from the detest- able town-house. Not being Joe, you make no reply ; but, on effecting an entrance with an air of sufficient dignity, you narrowly escape a fall over the hall lamp which has just been taken down, and you carelessly deposit your hat upon an oil-can. These are trifling matters, especially when weighed against the happy emancipation you are about to effect. You enter your study, thinking of the cozy hours you have spent there of the thoughts the bright thoughts that have been with you there at the fairy world with which you have been on intimate terms there for years ; of that head of Pallas over your book-case which has been long an eye-rest ; of your favourite corner which you have always kept in confusion, and which you have always meant to set in order and of twenty other familiar nooks and corners dear to you in your thoughtful, your quiet, your best and brightest hours. Wretched man ! a pot of glue stands upon your favourite copy of Tennyson ; your oft-pored-over chart of the Arctic Circle in search of Franklin is crunched round a silver candlestick that carved and cherished paper-knife which you brought from Lucerne sticks dangerously up out of your waste basket full of crockery, with a super stratum of old slippers. I Your silver ink-stand, " presented as a" mark, the &c.;," has totally disappeared and dis- traction your pet corner of confusion has been put in order. You think you will, in spite of all these disturbances, write-with a crushed pen plunged at every dip feather-deep into a quart ink-jar-a few letters ; but the top has been removed from your writing-table, and is rolled into a corner. In despair, you take up an odd volume, and seek solace in your wife's sitting- room. Here, at least, you expect comfort. On entering, you find two maids, with outstretched arms," folding window our trains in lengths ; the table is covered with a variety of finger-plates, curtain-bands, screws, and bunches of gilt grapes from the ends of the curtain rods, scattered upon a thick layer of brass-headed nails. You express a decided conviction that this is little too bad ! but you are sternly reminded that if you wish to see the heavenly villa at all comfortable within a week after your arrival therein, you must bear these preliminary proceedings. As you have made up your mind to live and die in the heavenly villa, you comfort yourself with the reflection that this is the last time these nuisances can come within your experience. You go to bed ; perhaps a little sulky. About six o'clock the following morning, you are aroused from your sleep by a noise as decided as thunder : you are informed, in explanation, that it is only a window-corn'Ce which has tumbled down and smashed a Sevres vase of greaT" Presently you hear a knock at KA the maid wishes to know whether CÄ good enough to get up soon, as the first of are ready to take your bedstead SOTO PJ fully you reflect that you have anoZr & to pass in this horrible house; and von J$' how and where you will next nights' " rest You would not be anrnrifed^tLC past experiences, if you were shoTOtofaï mat. This morning you discover that a woTud^et1^I Ä S Sirs" From the hour when the parlour cups taken down, to that when you arerequ^edî! take your last meal in the old house is hair trunk, the lot of man is misery. ' In this age-when mansions, replete with to be had any fine morning at a merely nZ nal rent, the present tenant having ordered to Madeira ;" when a thousands, ? men have larger houses than they require and will, therefore, admit you to the best saw them for any odd change you may have have in your waistcoat pocket ; when a 60 stantial house, of moderate size, with a fine. view of the Surrey hills (which have long been a blessing to metropolitan land lords), and large garden well stocked with fruit-trees,, can be rented for thirty pounds a year and when house agents require no fees-it is Mt astonishing that, as every Quarter-dar n. proaches, we are afforded glimpses of the loss of various chests of drawers packed between feather beds, and surmounted with stacks of chairs, passing slowly about our London streets. Well, we know what " moving" is and we wish all who may be sleeping on the floor to. night, preparatory to a' removal to-morrow- a hearty night's rest, and health in that earthly paradise a new house. ForEST ScENE or AMERICA -The forests between Lake Superior and the Mississippi where the country is very flat and wet, are composed almost entirely of black express they grow so thick that the tops get intermixed and interlaced and form almost a matting overhead, through which the sun scarcely ever penetrates The trees are covered with an. wholesome-looking mosses, which exhale a damp earthy smell like a cellar The ground is so covered with a rank growth of elder and other shrubs, many of them with thorns an inch long, and with fallen and decayed trunks of trees, that it is impossible to take a step without breaking one's shins. Not a bird or animal of any kind is to be seen, and a death like silence reigns through the forest, which is only now and then interrupted by the rattle of the rattlesnake (like a deck going down), and the chirrup of the shamrock, or squirrel the sombre colour of the foliage, the absence of all sun even at mid-day and the vault like chilli less one feels when entering a cypress swamp is far from cheering, and I don't know any position so likely to give one the horrors as being lost in one, or where one could so well realise what a desolate loneliness is The wasps, whose nests, like great gourds, hang from the trees about the level of one's face, the mosquitoes in millions, the little black flies, and venomous snakes, all add their little possible to render a tramp through a cypress swamp Bgreeable.- Sullivans Rambles FORMS OF SALUTATION - Most modern forms of salutation and civility are derived from chivalry, or at least from war, and they all be taken some deference, as from a conquered person to the conqueror , just as in private life we still continue to sign ourselves the " very humble servants " of our correspondent The uncovered head was simply the head unarmed, the helmet being removed, the party was at mercy. So then and ungloved was the hand ungauntleted, and to this day it is an morality to shake hands with gloves on. Shaking hands itself was but a token of truce, in which the parties took hold each of the others weapon hand, to make sure against treachery. So also a gentleman's bow, is but an offer of the neck to the stroke of the adversary), so the lady's curtsey is but the form of going on her knees for mercy. This general pro ciple is marked, as it ought naturally to he still more strongly in the case of military salutes. Why is a discharge of guns a salute Because it leaves the guns empty, and at the mercy of the opponent. And this is so true, that the saluting with blank cartridge is a modern invention. Formerly sabres were fired by discharging the cannon balls, and there have been instances in which the compliment has been nearly fatal to the visitor whom it meant to honour. When the other salutes he points the drawn sword to the ground, and the salute of the troops is, even at this day, called " presenting arms that is, presenting them to be taken. There are several other details, both of social and military salutation, of all countries, which might be produced, but I have said enough to indicate the principle - From Notes and Queries. A CHINESE LAUNDRY IN CALIFORNIA. what a truly industrious people they are ! At work cheerfully and briskly at ten o'clock at night, Huge piles of linen and under-clothing disposed in baskets about the room, near the different ironers. Those at work damping and ironing-peculiar processes both. A bowl of water is standing at the ironer's side, asm ordinary laundries, but used very differently. Instead of dipping the fingers in the water, and then snapping them over the clothes, the operator puts his head in the bowl, fills his mouth with water, and then blows so that the water comes from his mouth in a mist, resembling the emission of steam from an escape pipe, at the same time so directing his head that the mist is scattered all over the piece he is about to iron. He then seizes his flat iron, lms invention beats the "Yankees" all to bits, it is a vessel resembling a small, deep, n>e»"|c wash basin, having a highly-polished flat DO . tom, and a fire continually burning in". Thus they keep the iron hot without running to the fire every five minutes and spitting on the iron to ascertain by the " sizzle if M ready for use. This ironing machine Has a long handle, and is propelled without danger of burning the fingers by the slipping of a " ironing rag." Ladies who use the ordinary flat irons will appreciate the improvement. Marysville (California) Herald. CLEAr DINNERS went the other day to pay a visit to my respected friend Race V? Schmidt, who lives in Germany in theses. 1 nion? of his Serenity the Prince of the lower ing Taxes. Herr Von Schmidt has no establishment, and there is a tradition in the neighbourhood that none of his friendship ever been able, after the closest quay, a ascertain where he lived. He met me at the station, however, according to previous m pointment. » It is half-past twelve o clock, said the Herr Von Schmidt ; " are you not sorry I am, very!" and the Herr von, Schmidt's looks also assured me that he was confining himself strictly to the truth. * had breakfasted, according to the left our custom, on a little piece of bread resembling a penny trumpet, and some seven able coffee - and therefore eagerly replied to the question of my friend in the affirmative, wife ever, rather, to find myself thrust in upon? the hot, noisy, detestable assembly of a German table d'hote. My friend, however, is a man some importance in the town, being Deputy-sub-assistant- auditor to Herr under secretary to a local and independent branch of the railway. He was, indeed, how great a man to dine at a table d'hote, since the English have made them dear and unfashionable He presented me, therefore, to two of his colleagues. Who they were, does a matter for to judge of a man s chara s from his profession, is to be wilfully m sled Some of the quietest and steadiest men i have ever known were consistent supporter" of the opera and the turf, and some of the mightiest and lightest hearted, men of letters. The jolliest person beyond all question I ever met with was an undertaker, one of my most cheerful friends was a preW teria clergyman; and the s ernest comic actor Enough, therefore, that the Hen"" SchuudUuAiWwn friends, effigy their beards, their cigars, and my. ' . : arms from the railway to dine at the pnnfP*}.T?: It goes by the name of the United Germany, and on the sign board, is painted a IT??". appropriate representation of the Tsars eau of Kilkenny. Let the reader transport himself to the first run of a provincial town in England-neither at a watering-place nor in the immediate neighbourhood of a fashionable pack of hounds and ask himself calmly what he would be likely to get for dinner ? It is a question to which I could hardly venture to July. In my hunting days it used to be Chops, steaks, and eggs and bacon bacon and tees, steaks, and chops, and so on, ringing the changes so often as you like; but, as I have little inclination for any of these _ delicacies, I very seldom found anything that it was possible for a London appetite to digest, and I have been haunted with the ghost of a tough country steak, and an abominable inky fluid the waiter was pleased to designate as ketchup, or some such name, for twenty-four hours after it ought to have been laid for ever. Let me, as a contrast, transcribe the dinner provided at half-an-hour's notice under the sign of the United Germany for our party of four. We had a clear (strained) soup of exquisite flavour, accompanied by powdered cheese for those fond of strong stimulants. Then crawfish, and black bread and butter. Then a fillet of beef (pique) with a sauce of truffles and Madeira. Then some red cabbages, stewed apples, and mashed potatoes ; some cutlets of fresh pork, and some cold tongue ; some eels in asparagus jelly; some bashed vein on, garnished with rice: some young chickens with Perigord sauce ; preserves and salad ; n plum pudding ; dessert, and fruit trees. This dinner cost us just three shillings a head. We had, moreover, napkins, a spotless table cloth, and finger glasses. I am not at all vaunting the choice of Herr von Schmidt's Dinner, which is, perhaps, the worse taste, but only the number, quality, and price of the dishes. Let the country solicitor who paid ten shillings for his dinner yesterday in a dingy room in Bishopsgate-street, ask himself if he dined anything like so well as we did for three and let any one of the unlucky diners-out in London condemned to a three shilling dinner, compare their bill of fare with this. Why it is, or how it is, that everything should be dearer in England than in the whole world over, it is not at present our province to inquire; but the fact, as it undoubtedly exists,' is extremely unreasonable, since every single article we consumed in the dominions of His Serene Highness the Prince of the Towering Taxes, with the sole exception of the truffles, can, with proper management, be obtained cheaper in London, from the cheese (Chester, by the way, to the ice and the fuel with which our dinner was cooked is beyond all comparison dearer than in England. The simple secret was in the judicious division of the contents of the various dishes into proper portions, just enough for the consumption of the people for whom they were provided, and no more, instead of giving them an equal quantity of one thing j Sie cunning of the cook, and the number of diners out having brought the art of providing small dinner into a state of great perfection. Many a dozen workmen at the same factory, who carry their clammy, unwholesome dinner in their pocket- handker- chiefs, and bolt the unsavoury mess with a pint of beer in the tap- room of a public-house, might, by merely clubbing the price of their separate meals, though but a few halfpence, and dining together, conduce considerably to their own comfort and the advancement of the noble science of cookery. There is an excellent workman's dinner in Paris provided for three-pence and most of the officers' messes throughout Germany are served according to contract, and very well served too, at from fivepence to sixpence a head Household Words. IS. " "I re,? '? ARMIDALE March 1. From Birdy Plains : Light bay horse, branded near shoulder W with K under. Hay filly, branded near shoulder WB conjoined, lame near forefoot. Blank mare, branded HW under saddle off side, SB off neck, HIT under saddle near side. Bay colt, 3 years old, branded near shoulder JL. Bay mare, star in forehead, branded near shoulder JF, off shoulder WT', effick WB conjoined. Bay colt, 3 years old, no brands. Bay mare, W over O near shoulder, spotted back. Brown mare, branded near shoulder W over T conjoined, foal by her side, unbranded. Light bay colt, star in forehead, branded near shoulder JL conjoined. Brown horse", branded near neck XII, off neck S over B, near shoulder U. Chesnut horse, branded near shoulder WB conjoined. Dark brown mare, branded near thigh like horseshoe, foal by her side, unbranded. Brown colt, branded near thigh like horseshoe, two white feet. Bay colt, 2 years old, branded near shoulder SE, damages 10s. each. If not claimed they will be sold on the 25th March. M. MULLIGAN. MS. OU. BBTTUR'S FOUND. March 0. From Canterbury, Liverpool Road : Roan horse, three fetlocks white, like S on shoulder, WO under saddle side, star on forehead. Bay horse, black points, 39 under saddle on off side, with girls brand on near side.) Black mare, blaze down the nos three fetlocks white, As on near shoulder; damages 2d. each. Spotted cow, SES on rump, spectacles on ribs?, Black cow, JSII on rump, Red bullock, hoop horns, II over 7 on rump. Big spotted bullock, JS on ribs. Red .ndwbltopoloy cow, JS on ribs off side, 16 nearside. Strawberry bullock, JS on ribs, like 9 over 40 near side. Red cow, small hoop horns, JSII on rump ; damages 2d. each. If not released they will be sold on the 4th April. C WHITNEY. 12s. 6d. 