SAINT MICHAEL ARCHANGEL. (Repnblished from The Freeman's Journal.) Most mighty Prince of Heaven's Host, Permit us now to sing thy praiso Of Thee of whom tbe Augeis boast Fond subject ol their chnral lays, Tn Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, Our hearts aud souls assist to raiso That we may ting perpetual praise ! The Faithful now look up to Thee, As Israel did in olden time, To E ivo ibem from tlio enemy, Who strives to aravi- them into crime, To curb his great malignity, Pfirtainoth to thy rank sublime. Too proud to serve or to obey, Witu God himself he wished to vio, With his own gift,s in vain disolav, llo strove to equnt the Most High Aud Heaven's Host to lead astray. Reminding tbein they cou d uot dio. This potent prince of vicious pride, Opposed bis Gad with the iuicnt To placa his tnrme at his ri^btside. The Lord by Thee this traitor ecnt, For having thus his power defied Into eternal banishment oses, the great, the meek, the just, f the Jews tbe Legislator Whose brazen bonds he bravely burst Became their glorious Liberator, In all g'jod works he was the first, That they might serve ttieir great Creator. Lest be in life so much revered, Should after death become a snaro To those to whom he waB endeared, The objects ol his constant care, For this ho bad himEcIl long l'earcd, And had averted by his prayer. Tbe Lord's command conveyed to Thee, Directed that the Prophet's grave Should, to prevent idolatry, Be a remote aud sen-et care ; Or some other iniquity. From which God willed thee them to save. But Satan with a will perverse. Wished to disclose this secret place. That thus he might iu guilt immerse, Those that were in a state of grace ; As he cannot free will coerce, He tries to deceive the human race. This vile attempt Thia didst resist, By savins; to the fiendish foe, The Lord commands thee to desist, Whose power you bv experioucBkn-w, Lest thou sliouldfct still try to persist. To distant darkness thou must go. From evil itself God always draws Great good for those who di n obsy, Wi-.li good itself the devil will cauie Great harm to those who trace his way ; That we obsorvc God's holy laws, To Rim, for us, Saiut Michael pray. Through thy Aajrelic ministry, God his people from bondage ireed, Of seventy years captivity. According to what had been decreed, l ? or tbem obtaiu prosperity. Of which they arc now much iu need. Seventy years, if multiplied, By the numbers five-aud-twenty, Will point to Him they crucified. When of blessings they had plenty ; All these were lost, as prophesied, In the year tbrce-and seventy. Nearly one thousand eight hundred years Since ibeir last expatriation, Havo heard their sighs, beheld their tears, With little hope of cunBOlatiou, Excite their hope?, allay their fears, Be thou their guide to their salvation. Is not tbe time now very long. Since types aud figures parsed avay, Since they could join in Siou's a >ng, And in their temple weep aud pray, By making right what now is wrou», May God for them his love display "i Where is their Prince, Prophet, or Kin", Their High Priest or Sacriiice '{ " An envoy soon from Heaven will bring, To such queries proper replies ; ' An Angel now is on the win?. To take the veil from J udah's eyes. Saint Michael, chief of Heaven's Host, Thy patronage t-j us extend, To Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, Jews aud Christians, recommend, O f Angels thou canst do the most, For those who to Heaven, their way do vend, Torough Christ, our Lord, our God ani Friend. ' Amen .' JOHN JOSEPH THCRUY. 