SATURDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1853. . Steam to no Master, of no Sect am I.' THE PROROGATION SPEECH. The Governor-General's Speech on the prorogation of the Legislative Council is in this instance more than usually interesting, because it is more than usually rich in important topics, all of which are agreeable of their kind. " In no former session, I believe," His Excellency observes, " have so many measures of vital importance to the present welfare and future advancement of the colony been matured and passed." The first of these vitally important measures noticed in the Speech is the Act for conferring a new Constitution upon the colony, His Excellency does not content himself with assuring the Council that it will be his duty to transmit this Act without delay to the Secre' tary of State, but favours the House and the country with his opinion on its . character, so far at least as regards its analogy to the only model after which constitutions for British colonies can be safely and advantageously formed. "I perceive with much satisfaction," says the Govubnob-Gknkral, " that the Act has been framed . with an anxious desire to assimilate the constitution of this colony, as far as local circumstances permit, to that of the mother country, which, perfected by the experience of ages, and the light of modern political science, has achieved for Her Majesty's subjects the most complete system of liberty, consistent with order and good government, which is enjoyed in any part of the world." His Excellency does the Council no more than justice in thus acknowledg- ing the uprightness of their motives.- In some quarters this justice has been with held, and motives the most selfish and unworthy have been imputed. We allude I not to the democratic portion of the colonial press, from which better things were not to be expected, that to certain of the London journals, especially the Times. " There is some danger," quoth the latter, in one of the latest of its articles received in the colony, " that New South Wales may have been rescued from the claws of democracy only to fall under the more ignoble domination of a family compact. There are strong symptoms that those who have possessed themselves of political power are seeking so to form their new Constitution as to perpetuate in their own hands the authority they have obtained." Of what this " family compact is to consist, and wherein these strong Symptoms" have appeared, the slanderer ventures not to say, for the best of all reasons -he does not know. It was right that this pitiful defamation, coming from a quarter usually thought so influential, should be met by the testimony of the highest and most competent authority. Sir C. A. Fitz Roy testifies that the great object of the Council was one altogether worthy of its members as British subjects and British legislators, being nothing less than to assimilate our New Constitution as nearly as possible to the Old Constitution of the mother country. The next topic adverted to in the Speech is one which, some months ago, caused much excitement in our Gold Fields, and, indeed, throughout the colony-that of the Gold Fields Manage- ment Act. The Act in its original shape was denounced as an intolerable stretch of arbitrary power, which the miners would be morally justified in resisting, even with force of arms. That ghost of rebellion has been laid. No sooner had the Council re-assembled than they proceeded to revise the Act with the utmost care, and with the view of doing justice to both the parties whose interests it involved, the public and the diggers. The results were such that His Excellency trusts that the legislation on this subject has now been placed " on a permanent and satisfactory basis, whilst, by the liberal concessions which have been made in favour of the licensed miners, all just ground of complaint has been entirely removed." This hope is fully borne out by the order, in dustry, and growing success by which the gold fields of this colony have of late been characterised. His Excellency has a word of gentle commiseration for that doomed victim of democratic intemperance, the Sydney Corporation, "It was not without re- great" that he found himself" compelled" to give his acquiescence to the measure which sentenced the long tried but incorrigible offender to indefinite exile. One week more and the worse than idle pageant of Mayor, Aldermen, and Councillors will have vanished from our municipal stage, and be numbered with the follies of the past. Amongst the great public undertakings of which Sir Charles Fitz Roy, in his official capacity, has ever shown himself the munificent patron, the Railway enterprise undoubtedly takes the lead. Commenced in the year in which His Excellency took charge of the Government, this enterprise has found in him, almost from the first day of his landing upon our shores down to the present time, a cordial, steadfast, and most liberal supporter, at all times ready to listen to the representations of its conductors, and in every possible way to meet their wishes. It is perfectly in character, therefore, that the Speech should dwell " with peculiar satisfaction on the passing of the Act to establish and incorporate the Hunter River Railway Company. The subject of Immigration assisted at the public expense is presented in the Speech under a twofold aspect-as connected with the industrial interests of the colony, and with the resources of our territorial revenue. The seasonable supply of labour which will be secured by the measures adopted for promoting extended immigration " will prevent the in jurious consequences which would otherwise have probably been- felt in all branches of colonial industry." Since August last, £100,000 has been remitted to the Land and Emigra- tion- Commissioners for this purpose and another £100,000 will be remitted forthwith. " I have every reason to hope," says His Excellency, " that the prosperous condition of the territorial revenue will enable me at an early period to effect this remittance without increasing the debt secured upon it." The measures adopted for fortifying the harbour, as indicated in the Speech, are creditable to the zeal and promptitude of the Executive. The only cause of regret is, that the important work was not undertaken much sooner. The delay is not, however, chargeable upon the local Government,. To the Legislative Council, undoubtedly, a great part of the blame most justly belongs. The last topic touched upon in the Speech is the state of the revenue. On referring to the Prorogation speech delivered by Sir George Gipps in December, 1843, we find painful and melancholy allusions to " the calamities which had fallen on the colony," by which nearly every species of property had been fearfully depreciated, and the public revenues seriously injured. In' December, 1853, Sir George's successor has the satisfaction to find that " the revenue in all its branches continues to be highly productive." Notwithstanding the immensely increased expenditure, on the one hand, caused by the indispensable ' advance in salaries, and the diminution of revenue, on the other, consequent on the reduction of the gold license fee, His Excellency has reason to hope that the receipts will be found equal to the appropriations which have been made for the public service." The session of 1853 will be ever memorable in our annals. To those who are accustomed to see in forms and ceremonies the emblems of significant facts, the scene in the Council Chamber on the occasion of the prorogation, on Thursday, was one of unusual interest. The most important measure which has ever engaged the attention of the Legislature of New South Wales has been carried out successfully - nay, triumphantly. And we cannot entertain a doubt that the large measure of political freedom which the New Constitution Bill, when it shall have received the sanction of the Garden and the Parliament of England, will confer upon this colony, must be hailed with feelings of the highest gratification by the people of New South Wales. That era of self government which we have during so long a period anticipated, and the realisation of which has been brought about mainly through the instrumentality of constitutional agitation though probably accelerated by the great revolution in our circumstances occasioned by the gold discovery that era of practical independence has dawned; and when we look back to the history of the last few years when we consider the imminent danger we lately ran of suffering a sudden and violent severance from Eng and, the threatened consequence of the obstinate impolicy of a late Secretary of State when we reflect that hardly eighteen months ago the feelings of the colonists of New South Wales, Victoria, and Van Diemen's Land towards the Mother Country had assumed a bitterness verging upon hostility, which every despatch, and every newspaper, and every private letter from England was fast ripening into a rebellious intention ; - when we think of these things, it is impossible for us to refrain from the most hearty congratulations upon the wholesome revulsion which the timely and generous concession of just rights and reasonable demands has produced. The colony has returned with a whole heart to its allegiance of affection towards the land of our fathers. We have for- gotten our quarrel and once more, peace prevails between the parent and the offspring a peace occasioned and maintained by community of feelings, community of language, community of interests, and, now, community of political Government. We will not on this occasion refer to those debateable points of our proposed new polity which have been so vehemently disputed during the eventful period of the session just terminated. To our beaten opponents we are ready to concede what we believe some of them are entitled to claim credit for sincerity of purpose and aim in the course they have adopted; and now that the victory is ours victory as glorious as; it is com- plete-we will not too curiously enquire whether to any of our adversaries that credit is not due. Following the old Roman maxim, our desire is to-day parcels subjects, as it lately "Was debenture super, box. But, whilst we frankly wish that by-gones may be by-gones, we do not hesitate to express once again our great satisfaction at the signal defeat of dangerous and subversive doctrines. There was about the ceremony of the prorogation a really British character. The Council Chamber was unusually decorated with groups of flowers, and green boughs, among which was conspicuous a large and spreading branch of oak, which had been gracefully tained over the chair of State, occupied by Sir Charles Fitz Roy. This circumstance, trivial in itself, yet seemed significant as the outward emblem of English loyalty and attachment to the Throne. The presence of the Judges in their robes was hailed by many as a happy augury of that closer assimilation of our political constitution to that of England, which is in store. It is probable that in the formation of our Upper House the weight and influence of judicial talent and experience will add to the prestige, as well as strengthen the independence, of that body. Whether we look therefore at the happy conclusion of a struggle of such vast importance, or whether we stretch our thoughts into the future and anticipate the great career that awaits this colony under the auspices of reasonable liberty and a constitutional form of Government, we are equally impressed with the conviction that what has been done has been done well and wisely Ebraitjm.-In the leading article of yesterday, the Petition against the Constitution Bill is said to represent about one-fifth of the members on the Electoral Roll. For " members" read numbers. 