UNITARIANISM. Tho Unilatiaim who, soinu ¿Imo ago ullr chased tho ohupol in Alacipiario- ulroef, lermurh, belonging to tho Wosloyuns, having npj.l'« to tho Uiitish and Foreign Unitarian A-» aintioii, to selent a minister for thom, and nutted fmids for his pussngo out, have rcioitcd information that tho ehuioo of tho Assici»tioti hus fulluii on tho Hov. O. II, Stonie*, H. Ai formurly of Tavistock, anil that ho ia on his >r"> to tho eolony in tho Urent Brimin. I'levlous to leaving London n publie rtlip»""* service wa* hold lu tho Chapel in 1-iitla l'urtliind-strcot, lloren t-sti cet, appropriât» ml"8 departure, when n Hormon wits preached ly T Hov. ll. II. Piper, 0|' nnnuiii-y, und Air. H., »«'I tho Kev. W. Janies, of Iliistol, assisted nt B.'rviee. ilr. S'a. testimonials aro of a high ordor. Hf ia iicooinpiinied by his lady, to whom lie married in Juno hist, «nd tho estimation in «hie» they uro both held may ho learned fiom tl" following oxtrnot, from tho Inquirer ul J""0 asth. " At tho animal treat givon to tho ohllctron or tho Aliboy Chapel Suuduy School, TUTIBCOOIÍ, t" 1'amor ol' tho cougrogatlou (tho Uuv. J. Tupdn), ¡6 reported (o huvu tundo ho«o remarks:-' W ftavo thurn nil plonsuro to have tho prcsoiioo of » friend (tho Huv. G. II. Stanley, Ii,A,), who hw formerly ministered with much nooeptatuai W their spiritual wunts. While they would om* faim a cordial welcome, (hoy would airo exprc theil earnest and boat wisbos for Ilia Christi; usefulness and happiness in (he far distant) b important sphere of ministerial notion which. Providence - hud directed his (to; But it was not to him ulotio tit their expressions of esteem wera to bo confine for their friend hud found it »ot good to ba alot His choice of a companion to aid him in 1 Christian labours had fallen on one who had bc cradled among them, brought up nnicng thci acted with them ia every plan of Cliri-tian uti fulness, and lived among' them in the truo Fpii of christian fellowship. When this eircumstnn was mudo known to them, tho teachers, at th« IsBt monthly meeting, resolved on presenting h with suma token of their esteem and good tvisht to which the children heartily contributod. J the pasior of this congregation, I rojjrot-yt most deeply, mid both teach ors and children ha' also reason to regret tho loss of this excelle member of our religious nnd social circle, for ; losing hcr'wo shall lose thosorvlces of a lady wi has been all that a gsod teacher ought to b with a mind admirably cultivated fur tho worl bringing to it un earnest spirit, consecrating lu whole soul to hs dude, and setting an i-xanip. to all of us ol'a steady and untiring pcirevenii» in improving and elevating Ibo mi inls of thc chi dren of the humbler dusse*-wisely and hindi guiding them in thu wny ol' virtue mid pct¡ Mr. Stanley afterwards addressed tho in co lin; alluding to his future plans mid prospects, bein about to leave his native laud to establish it cun gregaliou, and, he trusted, also a Sunday Schoo in Sydney. Ho also presented a number*of booh to thc most deserving ol' tho children, us a pari ing token «d'his interest nod regard. The chapel in Mncquurie-strcet hus boen rc Gently put ¡uto proper rorair, so timi nu time wi bo lo4, on tho reverend- gentleman's arrival, i opening it for religious service. KETUIIN FANCY HAM,.-We undarstnnd thu invitations have been received hy the Mayor nu members of tho City Council to'a Kcturu Fane Ball given hy tho Mayor and Corporation of Mel bourne. Wo trust thia will bc accepted u> som compensation for tho humiliations this budy hit lately experienced, and in tho fostivitits of th sister colony thoy will danco off tho recollection of their municipal sorrows. Tho invitations huv been received in tho very nick of limo, fur in i few days moro tho Mayor and Corporation o 'Syduoy would havo boon ti relio of the past. Th' ghosts of Mayor, Alderman, anti Common Couu cilmcii would havo becu uwl'ul spectres in a bal room. INQUESTS.-Yesterday, an inquest was held be- fore the Coroner, at the Three Tuns Tavern King-street, on view of the body of Robert Aber- dein, then lying dead in the Sydney Infirmary. Mr. Thomas Robinson, proprietor of the Baths in Woolloomooloo Bay, deposed that on Saturday about 12 o'clock, deceased came to the baths, and went to bathe; in a few minutes after, witness was called by one of his men, who said that a man was drowning, and going into the water he drew the body out; the water was 10 feet deep where the body lay; witness did not observe any symp- toms of liquor on deceased when he came to the bath. Mr. Adam Wilson deposed to having known deceased, who was 57 years of age; he formerly kept a druggist's shop in Parramatta- street, but had lately been to the diggings, where he was affected by a paralytic stroke. Mr. John W. Morley deposed that deceased and he lodged in the same house, in Sussex-street, during the last three weeks; his health had latterly been considerably improving; on Saturday morning he ate a hearty breakfast, and said he felt so well that he hoped very shortly to be able to take em- ployment; deceased wars a man of very tempe- rate habits. Dr. Norris deposed that, being at the Baths on Saturday, he was called to see de- ceased, whose body was lying on the sand; the body was quite cold, and gave no sign of life; from the history of the case, coupled with the appearances presented, witness was of opinion that death was the result of apoplexy. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the latter testimony.-Another inquest was held on the same day, at the Wil- liam-street Hotel, on view of the body of Eliza- beth Turner, then lying dead at the residence of her father, Bourke-street. James Turner deposed that he was father of the deceased child, Eliza- beth Turner, who was ten years and three weeks old; witness was sitting in tho verandah, about 5 o'clock on the previous evening, when deceased rushed from the kitchen towards him, calling out that she was on fire; the clothes of the de- ceased were in a blaze, and witness, not being able to extinguish the fire with his hands, ran for a blanket, with which he smoothered the flame, but not before deceased was severely injured; medi- cal assistance was promptly called in, but with- out avail, as deceased died this morning (yester- day), at 9 o'clock; witness was of opinion that the child must have been reaching for something on the mantel- piece, when her clothes ignited. The jury returned a verdict that deceased died from injuries accidentally received. 