Sesttflatiltt Council. FIELD DAY, AUGUST 19. The Speaker took the chair at five o'clock. All the members present. The Clerk of Council read votes and proceedings of former meeting. The following a- message from His Excellency the Lieut-Governor was received and read : W. DENISON, ' Lieutenant-Governor. TRANSPORTATION-H. S, CHAPMAN, ESQ. MESSAGE No. 21. In reply to.te address of the Legislative Council which has this day been presented by the Speaker, praying that copies of the despatches relative to the suspension of Henry Samuel Chapman, Esquire, and Adam Turnbull, Esq., may be laid on the table of the council, the Lieutenant Governor informs the council that it is not customary to lay before the council copies of despatches which relate to questions upon which the final decision of the Secretary of State has not yet been communicated. As, however, this decision as to one of the parties has been made public, and as these despatches has been referred to in another, which has already been laid on the table of the council' the Lieutenant-Governor is willing in the present instance to derive from the ordinary practice, and will cause copies to be prepared and presented to the council. Government House, Hobart Town, 19th August, 1853. Petitions CHURCH "ACT. Mr Kermode presented a petition from certain members of the Church of England against the Church Bill, which was received and notice of motion for printing given for Tuesday. POSTAGE. Mr. Gleadow presented a petition from certain inhabitants of Launceston and its vicinity, pray- ing for the reduction of the general postage to a low uniform late petition received and notice of motion for printing given for Tuesday. Notices of Motions. 2 CROWN SUITS' BILL, Mr. Nutt obtained leave without previous notice, to bring in a bill to provide means for enforcing payment of debts against the crown, which was read a first time and ordered to be printed. < ' CROWN DEMISES). The Attorney-General for Tuesday to move for leave to bring in a bill to provide for the better enforcement of crown demises. ' - ROAD TRUSTS. r ' Captain Fenton for Tuesday to move an address, praying the His Excellency would be pleased to be caused to be laid upon the table the council, a list of the various Road Trusts ; the quantity of leased crown lands in each, and the rate of assessment ; the quantity of unoccupied, land in each, and the amount of assessment; the quantity of private lands, distinguishing" the cultivated from the pastoral lands, shewing the total paid by individual, and that paid by the government in each district.' CROWN LAND HUON DISTRICT. ^ Mr. Sharland for; Wednesday, to move an address, praying " that His Excellency would be pleased ' taj, cause to be laid on the table of the council a return of the amount received from the sale of crown lands th> district of the lining since 1851, and the sums obtained for leased lands, and for licences to cut timber in that di to rest." Orders of the Day. NEW CONSTITUTION. Mr. CHAPMAN, put suant to notice, moved the appointment of a select committee, convicting of the following members The hon. the Speaker, Messrs. Coür, Gleadow', Mai mon, Nuft,_G?«&son;, Fenton, Anstey, Cleburne, and the mover, to pre- para the ghost's a New Constitution. for the" colony is' to report on or before the last day of the present session. He said, in moving the resolution, he would simply state his reasons for so doing in the first place the existing constitution gave power to the House to pass an amending Act subject to the approval of Her Majesty. The Secretary of State had issued circular despatches to the Governors of the neighbouring colonies inviting them to frame New Constitutions. The council of New South Wales had reported upon the question and although a similar despatch had not been issued to this colony, yet he thought they were called upon to frame the draft of a New Constitution. On the debate in the Imperial Parliament on the New Zealand Constitu- tion, both the Duke of Newcastle and Earl Grey had, expressed themselves favourably, and he doubted not the same feeling would be shared by the' committee, and a Constitution framed in which the nominee element should have no part. Mr. Sharland rose to order, as the kind of Constitution was not then under consideration. The Speaker ruled that the hon. member for Hobart Town was out of order, when jr Mr. Chapman said, he should bow to his dear;' "sion. (Cries of go on, proceed.) Mr. GbjHcIow and Mr. Grjgsonbothtaicat the same time, amid confusion. -.?." to Mr. CHAPMAN again rose, and said the object he had a view, was to state that cards upon. which he rested his motion, and the necessity for such a committee. (Hear hear.) Mr. Morrison seconded the motion. Mr. WALKER said, he objected to the committee being formed exclusively of members of the representative side of the House; there was only one precedent, that being when the immigration committee was appointed, he thought great assistance might be extended to such a committee by the law member of the government. He, therefore, moved that the committee be appointed according to standing order No. 132. . Mr. GLEADOW on rising, said he was not quite sure it was advisable to alter the Constitu- tion at present. he was sorry his name had been placed on a committee, compelling him to prepare the draft of a New Constitution. Were the hon. member for Hobart Town to alter his motion for the consideration of the propriety of a New Constitution, he should have no objection to be placed on such committee. Mr. ANSTEY said it did not follow that because they were appointed they must needs report ¡ there were precedents for such a course. The School Committee was one; therefore hon. members would not be committing themselves by voting for the motion. He certainly was surprised at the course taken by the hon. member for Cornwall as to the desirableness of a new constitution, he well knew the defectiveness of the old one. Mr. NUTT agreed with the hon. member for Cornwall. He entertained very great doubts as to the propriety of making any alteration in the constitution at present. He, therefore, to meet the case, would proposed that a select committee be appointed " to consider and report to the house, whether it is ever held, under the powers conferred by the 32nd section of the imperial act of the 13th and 14th Vic, c. 59, to alter the constitution of this council." Mr. ALLISON said the remarks of the previous speaker coincided with his, and he thought it premature to propose a new constitution until they had considered the propriety of increasing the members of council. New and varied interests of great importance had arisen since the present council was formed, and he considered they ought to be represented on such a question, and with that object in view he moved " that a select committee be appointed to consider the propriety of increasing the present number of members of council to thirty- six, previous to the consideration of the question of a new constitution for this colony, in order that the feelings of the colonists thereupon may be more extensively expressed, and the new, rapidly increasing, and varied interests of the country more fully represented to report before the last day of the present session." Mr. GREGSON rose to support the original motion ; it had been fairly brought before the house by the hon. member for Hobart Towns- his usual sound and clear manner ; he entirely concurred with him in every observation he had made ; he was about to ask for a select committee to prepare the draft of a new constitution, a very important proposition, seeing that all the other colonies were going a-head in constitution making it was a wise act on his part to bring the matter before the council. He was met by the opposition of the hon. member for Cornwall ; he was surprised at his taking such a course ; it clearly proved that there waine combination, and nothing like opposition on this side of the House. In a late despatch they had been quoted as " the opposition members, " there was none. But was there no combination on the other side of the House ? An active minority with, for sake of" argument, say, an unscrupulous governor, and the nominee men had always combined ; were they never found voting in the negative upon the governor's affirmative ? No ; and except on one or two important occasions, when it was found necessary to act on the principle, that " when bad men united good men should combine" ; only on such occasions did they form a combination On one question this side of the House had always been agreed, and always shown a desire of supporting constitutional government ; the men of this side had only the good of the people at heart, 'here they must die, and their bones lie: what other possible thing could they have in view? they had the interests of the colony at heart. His desire was studiously to avoid the placing of nominees on the committee; he agreed with them that no nominee should be placed on that committee ; had' they not read what has been said in the Imperial Parliametstre'spectlng nominees by ministers' of the crown : he wondered the government could find any at all. Had they no delicacy of feeling that they should say, " 16 we cannot go in by the voice of the people, we will not go in at all." Were they to be the cat's paw ? but, I paused retract that statement: I cannot suppose they are cat's paws : he hoped, however, they would see the propriety of excluding nominee members from the committee. Consider (he said) despatch No. 1, to Sir John Pakington, the case of Mr. Chapman, the case of Dr. Turnbull, and let them. use the words of the late Mr. Cobbett-" think," and then say if one nominee ought to be on the select Committee, to prepare the draft of a new constitution ? He shrunk from the task, it was dangerous work | he did not believe there was a man in Van Diemen's Land equal to the task of preparing a new constitution ; he would prefer a good copy to a bad original: they" ought, with the drafts of the New Constitutions of Sydney, Adelaide, Victoria, and New Zealand, prepare an excellent draft. He hoped the hon member for Buckingham would withdraw his amendment, considering the passing of the motion did not lead them to the adoption of the new draft. of Mr. SHARLAND Would prefer, if they decided upon the consideration of a new constitution, that it should not be a mere copy, but an original work they of themselves, he' would support the hon. member for Buckingham. , Mr. LEAKE rose to contradict the statement of the hon. member for Richmond, that they, the nominees, had always voted with the government. It would be in the recollection of the House (he said) that he and others voted for the new tariff proposed by the hon member for Hobart Town, and almost invariably, opposed the government in the expenses of the police and gaols ; and he reminded the. hon. member for Richmond that they 'ML i' m , i in i i in li A had families, property, and estates and had as much' interest in the welfare of the country as any representative member had. AT , ,. , ; M A ? Some altercation, took place between (the hon member for Richmond and the previous speaker, in consequence of the'hon.imember(Mr. Leake) ; calling Mr. Gregson, Mister Richmond and his expiring a hope that the hon. member for Rich, noted would always speak the truth, Mrs CHAPMAN rose to reply, and said he re. giettedthätbebad beeàanabletoconfer with the hon. member for Buckingham, the motion would meet his veins, as it was to prepare a new draft It was acknowledged that the present constitution was not complete, inasmuch as the land, revenue was not under their control, he hoped the hon. member would withdraw his amendment. >->-j--"' Mr. NUTT said he would withdraw the amend meat, if he were not by the motion, Committed to the expediency of a new constitution at the present time. Leave given to withdraw the amendment. Mr. ALLISON said if the proposition of the hon. member for Jlriglitdn be carried out, and the committee balloted for, he would also withdraw his amendment. Leave given to withdraw accordingly! life original motion was then put and carried : the following are the members of the select Committee as they were balloted for Mr. Gleadow, Mr. Chapman Mr. Nutt Attorney-General The Hon. the Speaker ' Mr. Gregson Captain Fenton ' Mr. Anstey Mr. Cox The acting Col Secretary PETITION WHAler COMMISSIONED BILL. On motion by Mr Gleadow the petition presented by him on the 18th inst. was ordered to be printed, U.U. EDWARD ABBOTT." Mr. CHAPMAN pursuant to notice, asked the acting Colonial-Secretary whether copies of the resolutions which were agreed to by the council on the 16th March, 1852, in reference to the claims of Mr. E. Abbott M tro forwarded to the Secretary of State and whether any reply had been received thereto j if so whether that reply will he laid on the table of the council The Acting COLONIAL-SECRETARY replied that the resolutions had been forwarded to the Secretary of State shortly after the transmission to His Excellency, but that no reply had been received. DISMISSAL or n. 3. CHAPMAN, ESQ. Mr CHAPMAN, on rising to ask the acting Colonial-Secretary upon what grounds His Excellency had said in despatch 228, 2nd Nov., 1942, In the despatch before alluded to, I have brought under your notice the conduct of the Colonial - Secretary, Mr. Chapman, in concealing his opera ion from the members of the government, while he either made them known or allowed others to make them known, to the members of the opposition, " he reminded the council that upon a previous occasion the close of the last session of the council His Excellency had made use of certain expressions, which induced the hon. member for Buckingham, at the opening of the next session, to place a motion on the books with reference thereto, which was subsequently altered to an address to His Excellency for an explanation, which was " As you have followed the straightforward and honorable course of applying to me to explain that meaning, I will do so by reading my Despatch to the Secretary of State, forwarding the address to Her Majesty, by which you will clearly see that, while I did entertain and express that opinion that the tone of certain portions of your resolutions, and the language in which they were couched, was calculated to convey an erroneous impression as to your real sentiments, I distinctly exonerated you from the doubt which the employment of the language might have thrown upon your loyalty and fidelity." This he cited as a precedent, and also to give an opportunity to His Excellency, through the acting Colonial Secretary, to state the grounds upon which the statement referred to was made. The acting COLONIAL SECRETARY replied, the question was not a proper one to ask him, he was neither personally nor Officially cognisant of the despatches in question, they having been written before he took office, it was true the Colonial Secretary was the organ of the government, but about the despatches of His Excellency be knows nothing as His Excellency had caused copies of the despatches to be laid on the table, no doubt they would afford every information. Mr. CHAPMAN said with that explanation he should leave the question as it was, and hoped to find good reasons in the despatches. rOttCE COMMITTEE. inn LATE JOSEPH ARCHER, ESQ. Mr. GREGSON, in moving according to notice the appointment of a member to fill the vacancy caused by the decease of the late hon. member for Longford, said the occassion naturally turns the mind to the memory of the deceased. He would be excused in baking that opportunity of expressing his deep sorrow on that account. He felt of all men the most unequal to the task. Had known, him for the long period of 33 years ; they came out together; during the whole period they were on the most intimate terms. In all the social , relations of life he had not his equal. We may, , not raise a monument to his memory, but he has built for himself a name that should live as long as the colony endured in this all would coincide with him; there would be no opposition; they would forget all angry feeling, and remember that the deceased had gone to another and a better > country. It was not the rule of the House to place anything on record ; therefore bear with me for a moment while I speak of the lost one whom all loved. Arrived but e in 1821, by arduous enterprise and spirited exertion he realized a fortune. Let me (he said) tell the colonists of Van Diemen's Land that no man as a colonist has done more than the late Mr. Archer. His public character was unimpeachable; his private life gave weight to the opinions he expressed in council. He was open-hearted, sincere, and gave his opinions with decision. His death is a public loss. Attempts at expression are vain ; all who knew him respected him all his friends esteemed him his family all loved him having spent days and nights with him, be could bear testimony to his religious character ; his morning and evening prayers were vividly before him and furnished an answer to all who would say otherwise ; he could I say no more : he ft It deeply the loss of a friend.- - He moved that Mr. Cox be appointed on the committee in the room of Joseph Archer, Esq.', deceased. ( > " " Question put and passed. - ". rest t CALL OF THE HOUSE. , Mr. CHAPMAN obtained leave for the order for the call of the house to be expunged from the s paper, and to stand first on the order of the day .. for Friday next. . ' , a ' . 1 * TRANSPORTATION. On motion by Mr. Chapman, the consideration! of his Excellency's message No. I was postponed < till Friday next, to stand second in the order of the day. r INCREASE OF SALARIES. .. ) L On the motion of the acting Colonial Secretary the Speaker left the chair, and the House went into committee on the report of the select committee for the increase of official salaries, ' IN COMMITTEE'. The clerk of committee read His Excellency's message, No. 5. of , ' .- a The acting Colonial Secretary moved the adoption tion of the report. * ' J - . Captain Fenton moved as an amendment that the report be read paragraph by paragraph. t i Amendment put and passed. -- , 3 ., Mr. CHAPMAN said news prepared to adopt - the report as a whole. if the House decided not he would divide upon each clause. So that the queen tion of adopting the report as a whole might beside-, a cided. He moved that the chairman report pro* greSS and obtain leave to sit again. The Solicitor-General moved as an amendment that the clerk read the first paragraph. . , Captain FENTON said, the only object in view was to get the sense of the House, and either way would decide it .''',.. I, The Attorney-General said it had been decided. Mr, GLEADOW thought as the hon member,, for H^>bwtTown had been engaged, with the acting 1 2, Colonial Secretary at the time, that there could be no objection to the course he had adopted, they could afterwards go through" paragraph by para- . ', K'aPn> .?' i T-. The'tuting Colonial Secretary agreed with the . ". hon. member for Cornwall'. " ' ',-, After some discussion the amendment wis 'car '"filed. - The first paragraph having been read, Captain Fenton moved the insertion after the words salaries of officers, the words "and other persons," which ' Would give power to the executive to increase the salaries of the clergy from the land fund. Mr. Chapman objected to the course proposed, as schedule i Said nothing about " other persons." I lie SOLICITOR-GENERAL contended that the Other persons' referred to were as much entitled and every way as much in need of an in a cause as any other government offics, and, therefore, he would, with the permission of the hon. member for New Norfolk move thinking it would better meet the case-that the clause be altered and read-" your committee have considered the VSU0U8 matters referred to them by 1 your honorable House; and after due deliberation, have resolved to recommend that no proposal for the increase of the salaries of officers attached to departments, or of the stipends of ministers of re 'legion specified in schedule C. of the Imperial Act, should be entertained by your honorable House, but would recommend that any proposed increase to such salaries and stipends be provided for by the Executive Government, from any funds under their exclusive control. Captain Fenton withdrew his amendment in favour of the Solicitor-General. . Mr. CHAPMAN said he could not adopt the ; course just proposed, as according to the 18th section of the Imperial Act, the governor was prohibited from increasing the reserved amount of £15,000, there was certainly nothing in the act to make it incumbent on the committee to express ' their opinions ; the question had been fully discussed in committee, and he moved as an amendment the following resolution which was passed in the report : " That this committee decline take 1 rag into consideration any proposal for increasing the salaries of officers included in schedule C of the Imperial Act, but will leave any proposed increase of the salaries of public officers in these departments to be provided for by the executive government, from any funds under their exclusive control.'' The chairman, (Mr. Nutt) examined the Act referred to, and gave it as his opinion that there was nothing in the Act that applied to the third part (religious worship of the schedules. Mr. GLEADOW-Are we to understand that if this council do make this recommendation, that the money reserved in the schedules will be appropriated The acting COLONIAL SECRETARY replied in the affirmative, and stated that His Excellency intended to make the increase from the general revenue, but that now he proposed to make it from the land fund as there was no other fund at his disposal. Mr. GLEADOW said the committee had not the power to recommend the' increase, neither could the Lieutenant-Governor make the increase, without the passing of an Act by the council, which must obtain the royal as ent before it can be carried out. If they adopted such a course, it I. would be in violation of both the Church Act and the schedules ; which would not be advisable with "out they were prepared to go farther and legislate upon the same. Mr. KERMODE could not quite understand the arguments used by the hon. member for Cornwall. At present the Lieut-Governor had the sole control of the land fund, and could in short do what he liked with it. The question before the committee, was simply to increase the salaries of the government officers generally ; he saw no justice in increasing the salaries of one department and not another, and he thought it morally wrong and dishonest to withhold the increase from ministers of religion, whom he considered as stipendiary officers of the government, while it was proposed to recommend the increase to all the other officers included in schedule O. (Hear, hear,) In saying this (he said) 1 bear in mind the fact, that this very day, I have presented a petition in favor of abolishing the Church Act altogether, and that the voluntary system might be adopted : but without committing myself on this question, I say the matter now before this committee should be considered altogether apart from voluntaryism. The ministers of religion in this colony to whom stipends Are assured by the schedule, whether belonging to the churches of England, Rome, or Scotland, must' surely feel the pressure of the times as much as the' civil officers of government 1 (cheers.) Mr. CHAPMAN said the circumstanceswhiclisUr rounded the question were peculiar. Bytbe Church Act ¿.'15,000 was reserved in the schedule, for the payment of ministers salaries, there it was fixed at £200 per annum ; but by a side-wind they proposed to breakthrough the Church Act and Schedule, to give them, the extra sum of £100. Did the. committee think they were doing justice by such an act, he thought not he was prepared to go fully into the matter and place them upon the same footing at the postmaster-general, and give them £500 per annum, he thought a minister devoted to the duties of an extensive parish deserved it, then there would be neither sawyers and splitters 'i amongst them. As the State was giving £200 now was the time for the laity to come forward and establish Voluntary Societies in aid of their pastors. In Victoria, he understood, there was Society of this kind called the Pastoral Aid Society, and let the example- be followed here. It had. been said the people had no voice in the election of their ministers, he would give them that - power, wherever a worthy clergyman had been found he was liberally supported. Put the saddle on the right horse ; let the State give as now, £200 a year, and let the laity subscribe to make up the deficiency. Mr. SHARLAND-And should the laity not do so, the clergy must starve; the proposition Would have the effect of sending the clery begging to their people, and I do not think the committee were called upon to insert that in the report ; 1 object to the way in which it is put that " the laity ought to provide" Are. to admit the voluntary question ought to he treated with the seriousness it deserves, and the hon. member (Mr, Chapman) has spoken at length on that subject ; but it is not clear that the voluntarypridcyple will answer here. America is often referred to, for evidences of the operation of this principle is' now, I will take that country as an illustration. Let us suppose two \- voluntary clergymen, one in a Slave State, and the other in a State opposed to slavery. Suppose the clergy to be supported by the congregation, and to receive nomination. Now, I put it to the committee, if in the Anti-State State a clergy- man should not be averse to slavery, would he be as sure of a living in a Slave State as one who t held contrary opinions? Dare these ministers advocate such a question when opposed to the opinion of their congregations and must not the same argument apply to this colony, where we have had something like slavery? And must not h clergy- man be induced to compromise himself in the opinions of livestock, if made dependent on the voluntary principle ; a principle said to prevail in America, that country which still upholds the most damning thing in her history, and which will probably at some future time cause such a commotion in the States as shall shake her to the very foundations (cheers)'. If ever America, the land of voluntaryism, shall be brought down from her, present high position among the nations of the earth, it will be through that very question'. But,' sir, our'ix rience will go further than this; at this moment know an instance of a most popular Independent minister of the gospel, who lives in a popular district, and whose chapel is well attended. He is in every respect a man beloved, well educated and esteemed among the Independent body ; this mine ister receives from his district subscriptions , towards his support, and what do the committee think is the annual amount colonised? Why, upon verygödd'and, unquestionable authority, I am told, it amounts times a year (laughter.) So much for the voluntary system the rest of his salary comes from some other source-not from his congregation. This was the admission by the minister himself to- my informant. He gets £5 jtpbu the voluntary, principle, and the remainder Vlrom another laurel) not from the government, for the society Jp which he belongs repudiates the principle of state" pay. ' And so I am afraid it will be here if voluntaryism prevail. It has been said ministers ought to get from 240ft to £500 per year, but 50 per cent increase on what they do get is a consideration. He would support the amendment of the learned Solicitor-General. - The SOLICITOR-GENERAL said, the present question was, why should the ministers of religion be excluded from the relief which was to be extended to other public servants who receive fixed incomes and which was rendered necessary by the present unexampled and unforeseen circumstances of this colony. He argued that the act would not be violated, but rather be supported by it, as they only ci intended for the spirit of the act, when they asked that the clergy should now have an amount equal to the £2tS0 which was at first given. It had been urged (he said) that the clergymen should be provided for by their congregation, but that was not the question now before t era, the question was, did the clergy want relief, if their congrega- tions did not make it up to them, would the council do their duty in refusing to secure that relief, by rendering it certain. He was not going to argue upon the Voluntary principle; VoIunUiyism was not the order of the day now, perhaps when the Voluntary principle was established (if it ever were so it might be found to work well ; but the question for consideration at the present moment was-ought they not to abstain from doing anything which would prevent the clergy having the stipends fired by the Church Act ? Mr. ARCHER reminded Mr. Sharland that the Wesleyans were voluntaries. Messrs, Allison, Cox, and Anstey stated they should vote for the amendment. Mr. GLEADOW argued that as the clergy were provided for by the schedules, that it would be illegal to make any recommendation that would have the effect of altering that amount. He was not particularly in favor of the' voluntary system, but any system having the great object in view should have his support. He was sorry the idea gy should be classed as government officers ; the passing of the amendment would make them such, and nothing more would be heard of the Church Act. The ATTORNEY-GENERALsaid the question was not one of Voluntaryism but whether the ministers of religion in Van Diemen's Land should participa- e in the benefits extended to other officers. The only way they could be provided for was out of the revenue of the colony. The council had decided they would not enter fere with the schedules, the message of His Excellency comes to them and says "If you will only respond to my message, I will find the means of paying not from the public revenue of the colony, but from the land fund '' Looking at the question in that light he would support the amendment. Mr. CHAPMAN said the amount proposed had been entirely overlooked ; it would amount to ?£4750, and he would ask were they prepared to vote that sum ? They thought they were doing great things for the clergy, whereas the clergyman's horse only got 35 per annum, while the police magistrates got £100 ; there was great discrepancy. Hon. members think they are doing great things for the clergy; if anything be done, let it be done handsome y : he for one would be no party to half and half measures. Mr. CLERKE said if the clergy went to their parishes for assistance, their appeals would be liberally responded to. He thought the members of his own church had not done as much as they could and ought to do for their ministers, he would support the hon. member for Hobart Town. After a few remarks from the acting Colonial Secretary in explanation Mr. WALKER stated that as the people had an act of justice to perform towards the clergy, who had the highest authority for stating it, flic people ought to come forward and make up the remaining £100 ; if such were the case, he doubted not the clergy would be far more respected than they were. He would support the original motion. Mr. KERMODE could not be diverted from the point at issue. He again contended that under existing circumstances the ministers of religion had as just a claim upon the consideration of that house as the other officers of the government pro- vided for in schedule C. He was aware that the present system was bad, that it would have to be altered ; but be would again repeat that this was not the time to make an alteration. The committee must bear in mind that the proposed increase was a mere temporary measure He trusted, however, that the whole question of voluntaryism and state support would soon come under discussion. After observations made by Mr. Gleadow the acting Colonial-Secretary and Capt. Fenton, as to the legality of the proposition embodied in the amendment. The Committee divided upon the Solicitor General's amendment, which was can led, the following being the result, Ayes. Noes. Solicitor-General Mr. Clerke Attorney-General Mr. Morrison Mr. Fenton Mr. Walker Mr. Anstey Mr. Gleadow Mr. Leake Mr. Chapman, teller Colonial-Secretary Mr. Kermode Mr. Allison - . Y ,. Mr. Cox Mr. J. Dunn <. Mr. W Archer Mr. Sharland Colonial Treasurer, teller " ' V An amendment for an adjournment was made by Mr. Chapman, but was ultimately withdrawn. The report as amended and passed is as follows ; " The select committee of the Legislative Council appointed on the 19th July, 1853, to consider His Excellency's Message, No. 5, proposing temporary increases to the salaries of public officers, have agreed to the following report. " Your Committee have considered the various matters referred to them by your hon. House and after due deliberation, have resolved to recommend that no proposal for the increase of the salaries of officers, or the Stipends of the Ministers of Religion, attached to departments Specified in schedule C of the Imperial Act should be entertained by your hon. House, but would recommend that any proposed increase to such salaries and stipends be provided for by the Executive Government from any funds under their exclusive control. Your Committee are also of opinion that the salary of the speaker and chairman of committees of the Legislative Council ought not to be altered but by special vote of the House. i " Your Committee, having considered the scale (of increases to salaries as submitted by His Excellency, are of opinion that it is fair and reasonable and beg to recommend that it be adopted by your hon. House with respect to the salaries of public officers voted in the general estimates for the present year, and that the increase should take effect from the 1st of January last. " This large amount of increase has been a matter of serious consideration with your committee ; but, they are persuaded that the scale at which the proposed augmentation to the salaries of the public officers has been fixed, is not more than proportionate to their necessarily increased expenditure under the altered circumstances of the colony." , RESTDOWN FERRY SILL.. On the motion of the Attorney-General this bill was read a third time and passed. The Council adjourned at 10 minutes past 10, until Tuesday at 4 o'clock; _ ?. 