CURIOSITIES. Several of the American journalists are now exciting their humour in manufacturing a cata- logue of requisites for a national museum of cu- riosities. We have culled a few of the best from various papers, and now give them to our readers, with some additional. These may he contained, and we will be happy to receive con- tributions from our correspondents to our own collection. A missing dog from the neighbourhood where "sassingers" were so plenty. A stone from one of the pillars of the church. The shift the man made when he had lost his last shirt. The bowl wherein the three wise men of Go- tham went to sea-with a view of what they went to see. Tho lyre whom Apollo struck, and a mark of the blow. A stump of the candle winch Macbeth wanted to have put ont. The " beam" that was in the man's eye, when he could not ¿ce " the mote in his neighbours." Thc tail of the rut that Hamlet killed, ¡md tlie dilan he offered to bet on it. A tooth extracted from a cannon's mouth. ! A bottle of Victoria reign. The eye of Cleopatra's needle. The corner stone of a castle in the air. Some of the moss tliat the rolling stone failed to gather. The screw that was loose. Shingles from thc roof of thc mouth, A bunch of the flo were of rho one. An eye lush from 4 meek-eyed mom.'. A phial of cream skimmed from the 41 milky way." Can of the milk of human kindness. Hattie of cider made from the forbidden fruit. Thc march of intellect, arranged for the piano. An arrow i-f conviction. Thc oyo of tho law. ., The new leaf that Ned was going to turn over. Tho sleeve in which Joe Miller used to laugh. .. A bag of the ill wind t,liat blew nobody good. Some of thc butter that wouldn't melt iii tho chilli's mouth. , . The pic in whteli everybody put his finger. , . On of the oars that thu Homans lent to Maro Anthony. A nail from the finger of time. A ring from thc city belL The word that was enough for the wise. ,. . .? A rail of thu fence politicians aro so fond of sitting on. Wings made use of by fancy in her flights. ,. > The identical hair th'nt suspended tho sword over the head of Damocles. . Thc trtuik that the elephant brought into tho ark. The handle of44 Jonah's gourd." Thc identical cane that killed Abel. A piece of the equinoctial linc, (presented by Captain Cook.) A skein of tho thread of life. A piece of the bier that Hamlot's daddy got de*J drunk rn. The identical tale that Hamlet's ghost was pro- hibited to unfold. A small shovel full of the 44 dust nf ages." A slab from thc marble halls the Bohemian Girl dreamt that she lived in. Some of the yarn with which sleep knit up tho " ravelled sleeve of care." The brass mouth-piece of tho 44 trumpet of fame." Thc oyo of n superficial observer. ? Tho " w.ind's eye "-very much put out. The contents.of the door when it was a Jar, Combs mudo of one of the Horns of the moon. . N tes issued from tho Hank» of tho Blue Mo- selle». Thc reason why Rviçarn fulls. One of the hinges from the. tS»it of» horse. .. One piece of leather tanned with the Hark of a Newfoundland dog-.. ' . A treatise on tito " honor found among thieves." . ... i ,, , Tlie: one string Nero ..played an overture on while Home was burning. . ., . A fin from tho whale,Jonah swallowed. . . The identical tub used, iu tho philosophipnl speculation of Diogenes,., and the razor Demos- thenes shaved his head with. - The report of." a burst of l-'loqnence." . A shadow that " Coining Events Cast." . , Sonic of the eels that were used to being skinned, . . . .> Tho front door bf tliejioase that J#cli built ;' id-o, sumo of tito salt found in the attic of tho same. .. ... Ono of thc dog's that harked at lUchard as he halted by them. ... S uno of tho list that tho ghost gave to Tlnra let, and tho fly thnt Bdnn.no gave to Flounce... Thc adventures of Othello's occupation after it ? .was gone. A leg from thc tnblcethnt were turned. '. A leaf from the b:ok of life jSotnewha: torn. ÍBranch from, thc celebrated Tree of Life, rather seedy. One of tho teeth of th j dog-s tar ; the autograph I of tho mau in thc munn. The uueoliccteil {.'¡ut of thc "rent the envi us Casca mude." A bottle of water f.-om thc Bey of Tunis. A buckle from thc eui of George tho 3rd's 1 Iotitr reiern.. Tho tail of an Trish Bull. Sohu sam! from Time's hour-glass. A torn rutile from Love's last shift. Two walking-sticks and a fishing-rod made of hurricane. A viol of the reign of terror. A few embero of the fire the burned child dreaded to. Some of tho rfoum taken from the bed of Procustos. - The tail of Aaron's Gulden Calf A piece of the " Philosophers Stone." A rolling pm made from the club Cain killed Abel with, piesented by a Cape Cod Lady. 