PASTORAL ADDRESS OF THE BISHOPS OF THE PROVINCE OF DUBLIN ASSEMBLED IN SYNOD, TO THE CATHOLIC CLERGY AND LAITY OF THE PROVINCE. With sentiments of the profoundest gratitude to the Giver of all good gifts for the merciful pro vidence with which He has watched over us and our holy religion amidst the trials and sorrow, of past times, and preserved us- for happier days, we have to announce to . you, dearly beloved brethren, the termination of the first synod of the ecclesiastical province of Leinster that has been held for the last two hundred years. In conformity with the discipline of the holy Catholic church, this synod was convened for the purpose of promoting piety and virtue, correcting: abuses, providing for the interests of religion, cultivating Christian charity among all classes, and cementing more closely the bonds of union* which binds us to the Apostolic See, the fountain and centre of all spiritual jurisdiction. To aid us in securing the attainment: of these1 objects, so important for your eternal welfare, but which mere human means could not secure, we demanded your co-operation, inviting you to raise your hands in fervent prayer to- Heaven for your prelates, to beg the Father1 of Lights to guide and direct them and to assist them in their deliberations. In the same spirit of distrust in our own strength, but of con fidence in the power of prayer, we opened our proceedings by a solemn invocation of the Holy Ghost, imploring of Him who promised to be with His Church all days, even to the consum mation of ages, to be with us and to assist us by His lights and inspirations, and to give all the wisdom and prudence that are necessary to feed the portion of Christ's flock committed to our care. Having invoke! the blessings of Heaven upon tis we commenced and continued our deliberations with the image of our crucified Redeemer before us, to teach us that the prelates of the church should know nothing but Christ and him crucified and that they should be filled and animated with that spirit of charity which induced him to shed His blood on Mount Calvary for the salvation of our immortal souls. It must have fallen -under, your observation,' dearly beloved brethren, that, when we were assembled before the -altar of the living God, we made a solemn profession of our faith and of the obedience and veneration which we owe to the successor of St. Peter, Christ's vicar on earth.. We were not called on to devise new schemes of belief, nor were we tossed about by any wind of doctrine. Our faith is that of the holy Catholic church, unchanged, by th# lapse of ages or the' vicissitudes of temporal things. As there is but one God and one baptism, so there is but one; faith, and that faith, like its Divine Author,1 Jesus Christ, is the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever. By our obedience to the Holy See we are connected with the rock upon which Christ built His Church, against which the gates of hell shall never prevail, and we enjoy the inestimable benefit for being joined in communion with the countless millions of Catholics who are spread over the face of the globe, who all profess the same doctrines, offer the same sacrifice, receive the same sacraments, obey the same supreme head and thus constitute that wonderful kingdom of God upon earth, Which (according to the prophet) was to consume and to break into pieces all other kingdoms, but which itself was never to have an end (Dan., ii. 44). Having thus assembled in accordance with the spirit of the church, and under the influence and invocation of , the 'Holy Ghost, we confidently trust that the synod just terminated will be the source of many graces and benedictions to our province. We cannot, however, as yet, inform you of the nature of its decisions, as before they shall be published, we shall submit them to the examina tion and judgment of the Apostolic See, to whom the wisdom of the church reserves the right of approving, controlling, or correcting the acts and statutes of provincial councils. But, anxious to give you a pledge of our zeal for your eternal in terests, and of our affeetion for you, we cannot separate without addressing you a few words of consolation and encouragement, and imparting to you from our inmo3t hearts the benediction of the apostle, ' Grace and peace from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ.' ? We address you with the more confidence, being well aware, dearly beloved, of the feelings of rever ence and affection with which you respond to our pastoral care, and knowing that, with the instinc tive discernment of the sheep mentioned in the gospel, you recognise in the words which we ad dress to you the accents of the Divine P.astor, ut tered by His representatives, and directing you to the pastures of eternal life. You thus prove yourselves to be deeply impressed with that im portant lesson taught by our Lord in His Gos pel, that those who hear the words of His minister with respect and attention reap the same merit as if they had rendered that tribute of honor and obedience to Himself in person. We need scarcely, therefore, exhort you to continue^ as you have always done, to listen with' respect to your pastor's words, and to seek lessons of wisdom from his lips. Ignorance of religious duties is the oc casion' of the ruin of innumerable souls. Of how mariy may it be said with the prophet ; — 'Because they have not wisdom, they perished through their folly.' — Banich, ii. 28. But it is not enough to be diligent i n seeking, religious instruction for yourselves ; you should also be zealous in procuring for your children that knowledge of Jesus Christ which you so highly appreciate, being careful to imbue their infant minds with the colour of that life-giving name, and. to blend its virtue and its sanctity with their entire system of education, domestic and external; Of all the duties that bind you to your fellow-creatures this is the greatest and most responsible. Appointed by Divine Provi dence the guardians, of the souls of your little ones that have been made to the image* of the living Gody and redeemed by the bltood of Jesus Christ, the first and most onerous of all your obligations consists in securing their religious training and instruction at all pains and sacrifices. Your chil dren's- destiny is not limited to that narrow space which passes between the cradle and the grave ; we are but pilgrims and strangers upon this earth tending to- an everlasting home for which our brief existence here below is but a -preparation. If we live religiously here we shall be entirely happy with God: whilst, if we do not fulfil our duty in this life towards out Creator, we shall be miserable for an entire eternity. . Should yo\x not then,, when there is question of the education- of your children, keep these maxims continually in, your mind, and regulate so important a business with a view not merely to: the interests of this world, but also to the concerns of eternity? Should not the sanctification and salvation of their immortal souls be your first and most anxious thought? For, what doth it profit a man if he gain the whole world and lose his own soul ? Though these maxims are clear, and freely admitted by all, yet we find it necessary to repeat and inculcate them, because they are at variance with the spirit of the times in which we live, and are often practically forgotten. The tendency of the world and its votaries is to separate education from religion, to impart the knowledge of this earth and earthly things, and to forget th.e things of Heaven ; to occupy themselves incessantly with matter and all its qualities and modifications, and to forget the care of the souls that are made to the image and likeness of God ; to spend their lives in running after and examining the. creature that passeth away, and never to devote a moment to the consideration of the great Creator of all things, in whom we live, we move, and have our being. What is still worse, under the pretence of education, errors of the most fatal kind are fre quently instilled into the tender minds of youth, who are often infected with the worst principles of rationalism, scepticism, and infidelity, before they are aware of their danger. Almost in every country, attempts are now made to poison the fountains of knowledge. Defeated, on the ground of reason and revelation, the enemies of the re- ligion have directed all their efforts to the seduc- tion of unsuspecting youth ; so that it would appear that the great question of the present day is education, and that the school is the battle ground on which the fate of the rising generations is to be decided. Under such circumstances, and with all the authority of the pastor's voice, which should never be absent from his flock, and which should be lifted with peculiar energy in time of trial and danger, we exhort you, dearly beloved, to be most vigilant in preserving your children from the snares that are laid for them, and to be most careful in preserving them from the dangers to which their faith must be exposed. We are particularly solicitous for the children of the poor, for whose perversion most wicked plans have been devised. Their parents should be most cautious to keep them from those' proselytising schools, established in great numbers through the country, in which they are provided with food and raiment on the condition of renouncing the faith of their fathers. This vile system of proselytism which carries on a traffic in the miseries of the poor, and calls on them in the hour of affliction to sacrifice their consciences before relief will be administered can never be sufficiently execrated. What are its effects ? — Not to spread Protestantism, but infidelity ; not to promote virtue, but vice ; not to propagate truth and religion, but lying and hypocrisy. The few unhappy individuals — for they are few — though large sums have been ex pended by malicious or deluded men in this unworthy traffic— the few unhappy individuals who have sold their faith have put off all sense. of religion, become hypocrites, and have the shame and degradation of apostacy branded indelibly upon them. — From their fruits you will know them. If, then, you value the faith, the religion, the 'virtue of your children, preserve them from a system disgraceful in its origin and pernicious in its effects. Of its authors the words of Christ in the gospel may be understood, ' Woe to you, Scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites ; because you go around about the sea and the land to make' one proselyte ; and when he is made, you make him the child of hell twofold worse than yourselves.' — Matt., xxiii. 15. .- Whilst calling your attention ' to- the- wicked system of proselytism by which our poorer brethren- are assailed, we cannot but caution you, dearly beloved, who have been endowed by God with the good things of this world, to avoid the' example of the unhappy parents, who having made a god of this world, give to their children an education exclusively adapted to the idol wor ship to which they have been devoted, making - its riches, honours,, and- pleasures-, the sole or pri mary objects of their . aspirations and affections, or only intermingling enough of religion to satisfy the decehcy of exterior' forms. Neither should you be seduced from the path of duty by the con duct and representations of those parents, who, after having imparted to their children in early life the benefits of religious training, do not scruple to send them at' a more advanced age, the most dangerous period of youth when the passions' are strongest and temptations more numerous and powerful, to finish their studies in institutions professedly hostile to the tenets of their religion, or intrinsically dangerous to their faith and morals. The sad fruits of infidelity, immorality, and sedition, which such institutions have borne in every country, and must necessarily continue to bear, proclaim more impressively even than the solemn admonitions of the church, the folly as well as the guilt of those who sacrifice the only bright hopes and true happiness of their children, to an expediency as unprincipled in its motives as it is frequently deceptive in its pro mises.. The establishment of a Catholic University, so long and ardently desired, and so necessary* in a country like ours, where there are- so- many hos tile educational establishments, richly endowed at the public expense, and where Catholic education was so long and strictly prohibited, must deprive such persons of every pretext for the course they have pursued, furnishing as- it will to- our youth an education as liberal and comprehensive, as it will be thoroughly religious, in its spirit and prin ciples, and constituting an era; in the history of our' national church.. An institution so vast in its nature and importance necessarily demanded considerable time to col lest the pecuniary funds requisite for the work, and could not be hastily started into existence. Now that the contribu tions of our own people have been: so efficiently seconded by the liberality of the Catholics of Eng land, and the noble generosity of our brethren beyond the Atlantic, to- all .of whom we never can be sufficiently grateful, and' that the obstacles which for a time obstructed the agency of the ve nerated and accomplished scholar who fills its pre sidential chair, have been, happily, removed, we . hope that its doors shall be shortly thrown open, not only to our own students, but to the Catholic ? youth of those countries which have so cordially and generously assisted in promoting- its establish ment. Apart from the intrinsic merit and local want of -such an institution, the- repeated and earnest recommendation of the supreme pastor, the slightest intimation of whose wishes, as Christ's anointed vicar upon- earth, should be re ' verence and affection, whose paternal heart throbs with such a profound sympathy for our spiritual wants and interests, and whose loved and honoured name will be for ever cherished by a ?grateful people, as that of the first amongst their benefactors who consoled ? and relieved them in the hour of agonising suffering and affliction, should inspire us with an- invincible' zeal, energy, and perseverance, in the prosecution and promo tion of a work which the wisdom that sits by his throne and assists his councils, and the experi ence of the entire.. Christian '.world, combine in urging as of such vast.importance to the interests of religion and literature. Whilst instructing and exhorting you to pro vide for the religious education of your children, we need scarcely admonish you of the obligation you are under of exercising the strictest vigilance over the books which are placed in their hands : all books of an irreligious, immoral, and seditious tendency, or calculated in any way to corrupt the heart and mind, are to be carefully avoided. All books to be used in the public schools should be free from every contagion of error, and those which are destined for religious instruction should be approved of by your legitimate pastors. There are two little works which have been sometimes, though rarely used by Catholic children, which we now wish to see banished from their hands. The first is a little treatise on the ' Evidence of Christianity,' composed by a Protestant dignitary who has lately distinguished himself by his un provoked attack on our conventual institutions, under the hypocritical pretence of protecting per sonal liberty, We need scarcely state that this treatise, coming from the pen of such an author, is Protestant in its principles and tendencies, and that it is not fit for the instruction of Catholic children in the important question of the truth of their religion. The other work is entitled ' Scripture Sessons.' ' It contains most difficult passages from the New and Old Testament, and there are questions pro posed at the end of each chapter, which would open the way to the teaching of false doctrines, and which the unlearned and unwary might wrest to their owwi destruction. This little work ap ? JS— J ? ??' . ' ... ? .'. .. ' ?? ? — — — ? ? ? spears to have been compiled for the purpose of giving a united religious instruction to Catholic and non- Catholic children in the same class. We Teprobate such a project. Doubtless, if the ?teacher were a Catholic, he would endeavour to give a Catholic interpretation to the texts of Scrip'-, ?ture submittd to him, and Catholic answers to the questions proposed.-; bat aProtestarft or Pres byterian would act in the same way, and under them a Catholic child would not be safe. Sepa i-ate. religious instruction, as it was laid down by ??the statesman who first introduced the natiomal .system in Ireland, is the only protection for Ca tholics. , It is contrary to the spirit and practice -of our holy church to sanction united religious in struction, or to sanction any instructionxm matters ?connected with religion .given to Catholics by per 'sbns who themselves reject the teaching of the ?Catholic church. In addition 'to the 'catechetical ? -works, scriptural histories, and extracts already within your reach, and with which our schools ; abound, it will be our care to provide Scriptural . 'Lessons that may be safely placed in the hands of ??our children, which Avill be adapted to; their ten der minds and which will contribute to build up their faith, instead of undermining it — to foster, their piety, instead of exposing it to perish amidst; the doubts, difficulties, and conflicting errors that; are sure to spring unauthorised interpretation. . \ The injunction we now give you to remove the: two little Avorksjust mentioned from the hands : of your children will be the more easily carried ;into effect as' the rules of the National Board do not at all require the tise of them. I There is another matter connected with schools ' which is not to be passed over in silence. In i ?the military or regimental schools of this country ? it has been customary to make Catholic and Pro-. testant children to unite in common prayers, or ' ;t ither to induce Catholic children to join in Pro- ! ?tastant prayers. We understand tihat regulations ' -drawn up in a more liberal spirit under the pre sent ministry gave full liberty to all engaged in 'her Majesty's service, and their children, whether in the army or navy, to serve God according to the dictates of their own consciences and the principles of the religion they profess* Catholic soldiers and sailors are strickly bound to avail' (themselves of these liberal concessions, a»d never consent to assist themselves, or to allow their children to assist, at Protestant prayers* or to; take any part in -Protestant wot ship. 'It is not ; .a narrow spirit of bigotry that animates sas in issuing this instruction. W« Catholics feel it to ! lie our duty to pray for the spiritual and tempo ral prosperity and happiness of all mankind-. We pray for all with ail the fervour of our souls.; hut we, cannot join in prayer, we cannot parti cipate in divine worship, with any except those who hold . the same faith with us, and offer to God the same pure sacrifice which :s offered on our altars. — Were those who differ from us in Teligion to understand our doctrines, and to know .how fervently«-nve 'pray for their welfare* they would not offer violence to the consciences of their 'servants, nor attempt to compel them to take part in prayers of which they cannot appf ove* and which are not sanctioned by their church. ) Let the answer, then, of the Catholic servant, soldier, or' sailor, when attempts are made upon the sacred rights' of conscience-*— -whenever pressed to join in prayer, or assist at the religious worship of persons out of his communion ever he : ' My religion teaches me to pray for you but not with you.' As the* sacraments constitute the necessary and essential means instituted by Jesus .Christ for generating and preserving the life of grace ; as, from the pouring of .the baptismal water on our head, to the unction that fortifies the departing ?spirit for its last dread combat, the entire econ omy of our spiritual existence is carried on and sustained by their agency, we cannot sufficiently impress on you the obligations of gratitude you owe to ? Almighty God for these wonderful Works of His love, in which his power, wisdom* and gooduess, are more strikingly displayed to the eye of faith, than in all the glories of the visible creation!. . These sacraments may be said to constitute, in an especial manner, the precious pearls of the Gospel, which not only ought not to be cast before swine by being communicated to the unworthy, but Which should be treated with the greatest 'respect and decorum, as the splendid ornaments of the mystical body of Jesus Christ, and set off with every accompaniment that may tend to dis play to advantage their incomparable lustre and beauty. Such ah accompaniment the church has wisely provided in Her beautiful ceremonial, so appropriate, so touching, so significant and ex press ;ve in its symbolism and. forms, but which can never be seen in all its grace and dignity, nor felt in all its impressiveness, unless when dis played on her own consecrated ground and beneath the hallowed roofs of her temples. It is there, in view of that altar, where the blood of Calvary, which gives to- the sacraments all their, efficacy «ind virtue, is daily offered up, surrounded by the solemn emblems of religion, which speak to the soul, and touched by the. holy associations. of the | place, that the heart of the believer becomes duly moved and impressed with , the holiness of those august and venerable institutions. ? '' ' ! It was owing, as you! are well aware, to a | painful necessity, the result of a. relentless per I sccution, that we were first compelled : to administer' 1 these sacraments in the houses of- the -faithful;- but now that the necessity has passed away, the . f practices which it generated should be as far as : possible discontinued, and the salutary discipline j - of the olden times restored. . \\\ It is true that all the injuries and humiliations.! which persecution inflicted on her could rob our - holy religion of that divine beauty which charac terises her as the fair and spotless spouse of Jesus Christ; that, when chained in the dust, like the captive daughter of Sion, or driven for refuge to the obscure garret or mountain cave, the light of her countenance not oniy redeemed and brightened the place of lier abode, but 'caused every, heart that approached her to throb with love and adoration. But now that the days of her sojourn in the desert have passed away — that the temples of religion have been thrown open to her — than she has resumed her bridal ernaments and her throne in the sanctuary, it is not- just and meet that' we should honour her by every mark of respect and homage in our power and make her this joyful and affectionate repa ration for the injuries and humiliations of the .past? ? It. was with, this view that all the bishops of Ireland assembled in the national synod of Thurles, determined to restore the ancient discip line of the church, and decreed that the sacra ments of baptism7, penance, and matrimony should henceforward, /yis much as possible, be admin istered with afl proper solemnity and according to the Eoman ritual in our churches. We con gratulate you on the happy change which. has already been effected on this important point, and on the approach which has been made to the re establishment of a discipline similiar to that of other Catholic countries. In order that the change may be more complete, we exhort you . most earnestly to unite with your pastors in ornamenting and rendering your churches fit and proper places for the administration of the public rites of our religion. Will amy exertions appear too great te effect all this, when we reflect that the same sacrifice which was offered on Calvary is r-enewed in our churches, and that Jesus Christ condescends to dwell day and night npon our altars .'? But while attending to the external decorum .of the house of God, we are to be still more zeaious in preparing the living tabernacles — our souls — for a worthy participation of the sacraments, lest by receiving them unworthily, those sources of grace should redound to our perdition, and what was instituted to give us life and vigour should be the occasion of misery and death. There is one sacrament which has been sometimes ap proached without becoming dispositions, and by the profanation of which great evils are inflicted upon individuals, their families, and society in general. We refer to the sacrament of matrimony, called by St-. Paul a great mystery in Christ and His Church, and which our Divine Redeemer sanctified by His presence at the marriage of Cana in Galilee* Those who are about to receive this holy rite should not- be guided by mere natural indications or worldly motives, but should make diligent preparation for the step they ' are I about to take, praying with fervour and approach ing the holy sacraments of penance and eucharist* We need scarcely add that those who do not belong to the church, Who have not true faith, without which at is impossible to please God* and who do not believe that matrimony is a. sacra- I ment, cannot have the dispositions requisite to receive it worthily in the Catholic Church ; and hence the church has wisely prohibited her chil dren from entering into matrimonial contracts with those of a different religion. Such mixed marriages are oftentimes the occasion of grievous dissensions,^and cause those who are engaged in them to lead a most unhappy life. The children of - such Carriages can scarcely receive ' a proper, religious education, and it too often happens that they grow up in a state of fatal indifference to every religion, of are educated in error ; so that in this way the great and most fatal evils are propagated. For these and other reasons many councils of the church arid 'Roman Pontiffs have strictly prohibited the contracting of' mixed marriages without an apos tolical dispensation* and have declared them to be sinful and illegal. In the discharge of pastoral duty We make known to you the discipline of the Catholic church, reminding you of the obligation you are under of being guided by her salutary de crees ; for, as Christ says, if any one hear hot the church, let him be to thee as a heathen and a publican. : It is with regret we feel onrselves, before we conclude this letter, compelled to allude to a sub ject of the most painful interest at the' present moment to the friends of religion and charity — the penal legislation with which our nunneries are threatened. Our regret, however, is diminished by perceiving that all that is liberal and generous in the country, and the distinguished statesmen who have the destinies of the empire at present in their hands are decidedly opposed td this projected invasion of the rights of individuals, and to the attempt about to be made to prevent the faithful followers of Christ from walking in His footsteps and making profession of. the counsels of the Gospel. But yet it is not to be concealed that the unrelenting bigotry which the blood and spoliation of centuries have been tmable to satiate, rages against the fold of Christ with an undying hostility, which demands the utmost vigilance, union, and determination on our part to encounter and repel. Springing up amongst us,, in the midst of ruin and desolation, combining all that isj exalted' with all that is beautiful in our holy re ligion— 'like the palm-tree in Cades,' ..and1 ' the rose plant in Jericho,' and sheltering beneath -its- beneficent shadovy the children of misery, ignorance, and want — our conventual system, which would have extorted the homage and admiration of the coldest heart and most irre ligious spirit, has served buc to excite the wrath and hatred of an insane fanaticism, which seeks to destroy it with its poisonous . breath, or to eradicate it from the soil which it blesses and. adorns. . . The proudest, and most prosperous people niisjht well boast of possessing so noble and bene ficent an institution, but it has been the-glory and consolation of our poor country, intertwined with all, her afflictions and identified with alLthat ^is pure and generous in her moral tendencies and aspirations. Doubly dead to her, as the child of her sorrow and abjection, deriving from, her alone all its nourishment and support ' eating, of her bread.and drinking of her cup, and sleeping ia her bosom,' like the lamb described by Nathan in his parable to David, it lias been to- her as a daughter. If then, any proof were necessary to demonstrate the undying malice of the persecuting spirit by which we were assailed, o-r to. .urge the necessity of the utmost union ami coopera tion amongst Catholics for the protection and defence of their religious interests, it would be profound in the sacrilegious effort to profane such, an institution, or to tear it from the embrace of that country whose afflictions it has soothed and whose weakness it has sustained. When an institution so dear to you is thus- threatened, we exhort you to use all legitimate means of petition and remonstrance which the constitution places at your disposal to protect it, and to make every exertion to arrest the impending persecution. Should, however, God in His wonderful Ways permit fanaticism and bigotry to have a momen tary triumph over virtue and religion, it will be our duty to bear this affliction with patience and resignation, and never t- allow ourselves to .be betrayed into an .open and violent resistance to authority. Persecution has been often times our lot ! its vestages are indelibly engraved on the surface pf our country ; but ho provocation no trials could eradicate the spirit of submission, obedience, and loyalty with which our forefathers were animated. Let the past be the guide for the future, and whether in good or ill fame, whether protected or persecuted, let us be always good and faithful subjects of the realm. Acting in this way, we shall prove that we are guided by the spirit of the apostle thus ;writing in his epistle to the Romans ;— -? ' ' Let every soul be subject to the higher powers, for theije is no power -but from God* and those that are^are ordained of God : therefore, he that resistethl that power* resisteth the ordinance of God, and they that resist purchase to themselves ' damnation: -. „ ?. . Wherefore, be subject of necessity, not only for wrath, but also for con science sake.'— -Sow, xiii., 1, 2, 5. And of St. Peter— - /'Be ye subject, therefore* to every human creature, for God's sake, whether it be to the king as excelling, or to governors as sent by him' for the punishment of evil doers, and for the praise' of the good.'— 1 Ep. ii., 13, 14. ? . The conduct of the early Christians shows how fully they penetrated the signification of these in spired lessons-. When commanded by imperial edicts to renounce the name of Christ, or to offer incense to idols, they constantly refused to do so, crying out that ? is was their duty to obey God rather than man;, but, at the same ? time, they offered no resistance to their rulers, they obeyed them in everything lawful, and were incessant in praying for their welfare. Tertullian, in his apo logy, thus explains the conduct of- his brethren: — ' The religion which you persecute prohibits us froni using any other arms than patience and prayer. We are determined to attempt nothing against the emperor. Those whose manners are directed by God should not only spare their sove reign, but mankind ; and what is not permitted against any other is less allowable against our rulers. You calumniate us before the emperor as guilty of treason [in the same way as Catholics are still calumniated] ; we defy you to name the Christian concerned in the plots and conspiracies of Niger, of Albinus, or Cassius.' — Apol xxxvii. In another, place in ? the same work he says : — ' We all pray for all the emperors-— we ask for them a long life, safety for the empire, security for their families, brave armies, a faithful senate, an upright people, peace for the world, and what soever they Gan wish for as man and rulers.' — iv., xxx. We cannot stray from the.path of duty , if we walk in the footsteps of our forefathers in the faith. Like them, therefore, let us be sub missive, patient, and obedient subjects, -let us hate and reject everything seditious ; let us give due respect to all who are placed over us, and pray for them, that God may give them wisdom and strength to know and to do what is pleasing in his sight. ''''... We have recommended you to avail yourselves in the time of affliction and ' menaced, persecution . of the legitimate, means of obtaining redress, Avhich the constitution puts at ' your disposal; but you are not to forget the spiritual arms- with wnich God has provided y;ou, and which are always most efficackus for crarl'prot)ction, in the welfare in' which we are engaged. In all your trials, dearly, beloved, have recourse to earnest and fervent prayer. Let your supplications ? ascend .continu ally to. the throne of mercy, and the aspirations, of an humble and contrite heart will not be rejected. We should expose all our spiritual arid temporal wants to our bountiful Father, who will not fail. to listen to the crises of His children. By prayer Ave are raised above all the transitory things of this. earth and united' to. God ; by prayer Ave partici pate. g£ His omnipotence, for our divine Redeemer says : — ' Ask, and you shall receive ; \ seek, and you shall fend.; knock, and it' shall be opened 'to you.' Confounded at the sight of our OAvn un— Avorthiness, let us' put our petitions under the -pro- tection of the most merciful and powerful mother of God, Avho is the special, patroness .of this country. 'She Avill intercede for us, she will act. as mediatrix, with her Diviae . Son, and obtain, from Him for us all the graces and blessings of' which Ave. are so much in- need. ? The glorious apostle of our country, St.. Patrick, our great arid distinguished patron, St. Laurence, the^lioly St. Malachy,'and the other saints of Ireland; Avhom wa should' invoke with special confidence ariclfer vour, will also assist us -by'1 their., intercession, watch over. us, and relieve us in our afflictions. .. ? Out prayers and supplications will be more efficacious, and produce more. happy; results^ if accompanied Avfth avoiTcs of mercy and -charity. We are assured that God looks upon the, merci ful and compassionate. Avith singular favour and complacency,, and. the efficacy of alms is. spoken of in- the highest .terms in Scripture, whilst the severest denunciations are tittered against the unmerciful and the ruthless persecutors of the poor. ??- ? .? : ? ? :''? '?? - ? M Alms,1* says the holy Tobias, ' deliver from ? sin and from death, and will not suffer the soul to go into darkness ;. alms shall be a great confi dence before the Most. High God to all. them that give it.' — Tob., iv. 11. 12. St.- James adds — ' He that hath the substance of this Avorld, and shall see his brother in need, and shall put tup his boAvels from him, Iioav doth the charity of God abide in him? ' My little children, let us not love in word or in tongue, but in deed and m truth.' — 1 James, iii -1-7, -18.- Never was there' a time in which -the- spirit of charity Avas. more necessary thanat present; our country is still suffering from the effects of years of famine and pestilence ; misery, affliction, and Avant are to' be seen pii. every- side. i ' Should Ave not,, therefore, endeavour to relieve bur' suffering brethren, and 'to console the afflicted members of Jesus Christ? should Ave not aspire to. the reAvards promised to the merciful and charitable? above all, should AVe riot show by our Avorks, tliatAve - are true disciples of Christ, Avho says; in- the Gospel: ' In this shall men Ioioav that you are my disciples — if you have love one. for another.-' Our charity can display itself in a thon'sand diffe- . rent Avays : visiting the! sick, consoling the. afflicted, instructing ignorance, relieving want, removing 'temptations, .banishing sin' and vice, giA'ing good example. The rfch can-. manifest; their . charitable -dispositions by giving. ,emplby mentto the poor.iand promoting habits ;6f;activity among them, arid I'1 try assisting and cherishing 'the industrial schools, which have been established in ; -~ many places in the country, in which so many ?'.. young persons are preserved .from the evils of idleness, are taught to earn a decent livelihood by : their oavii exertions, arid are trained up and ' instructed in' habits of virtue. '?' ? '* We may add that there cannot.be a safer or more useful Avay of distributing your charities, than by, confiding them to the -various societies of ? St.. Vincent of Paul, whether consisting of gen tlemen oi1: ladies, to the admirable 'religious institutions of charity and mercy which distin guish our country, and to the excellent confrater nities Avhicli abound amongst us; all which in stitutions we recommend most Avarmly and earnestly, as most useful and valuable, to .all- our beloved children in this province. '. ' It only remains for us now, dearly-beloved, to exhort you in the words of the apostle, to pursue justice, godliness, faith, charity, patience, mildness . to fight the good fight ; to lay hold on eternal life, Avhereunto you are called ; to do good ; to be rich in good- works ; to communicate to others-, to lay up in store for yourselves a good foundation against the time to' come (1. Tim., v. 1): and. may the God of peace, Avho brought again from, the dead the Great Pastor of the sheep— our Lord . Jesus Christ— in the blood of the everlasting Tes tament; fit you in all goodness, that you may do His Avill doing in you that. which is Avell pleasing in His sight, through Jesus Christ,, to .whom is glory for ever and ever —Amen (Hel\, xiii 20,' 21). . Given at Dublin on the Feast of St. Norbert, in the year of our Lord, 1853. ' . , , f Paul, Archbishop of Dublin \ Primate of Ireland Apostolic Delegate, &c.; &c.; f Francis, Bishop ,of Kildare and Leighlin. . f Edvvakd, Bishop of Ossory. f Myles, Bishop of Ferns. * : . ? ,? 