FUNERAL OF THE DUKE OF WEL LINGTON. On Saturday we gave a full account of the out of-door part of the great national funeral ; and we now complete the narrative by an account of the pro ceedings within St. Paul's Cathedral. ST. PAUL'S CHURCHYARD. ! St Paul's Churchyard had been a scene of the utmost bustle from the eaily part of the morning, the more because, from the fittings up of the cathedral not being completely finished in time, some, at least, of the doors were not opened at the hoar promised, and a crowd of people provided with tickets were kept waiting in the churchyard. Even later thin 9 o'clock, and when the cathedral was full, workmen were still engaged in kuockiug away temporary boardings, and otherwise completing their work. It had been con siuered necessary to exclu le tho public generally from the churchyard, and the street and pavement in front of the houses round it; and there is no doubt that, if that had not not been done, it would have been impossible to admit the company to the cathedral without great disorder. Car riages came up in such hosts that one who accomplished the last half mile in an hour, did perhaps as well as most people; There was probably no better place for obtaining a favour able view of the procession taan the {'rone of the cathe iral. Let the reader take his stand with us in the gallery outside that edifice, just above the western entrance, and let us say what we see. It is a gallery, or balcony, which the passer by may hardly observe, but it springs iuto importance on s.ich an occasion as this. It is 10 o'clock in the morning, ae we walk up the geo v.etrical staircase, and step out on the balcony, to look upon a scene already singular and excitiiig. A mart of commerce has become a garrison. St Paul's is invested. In the enclo sure before us Queen Anne looks down unconscious upon a guard of honour, at present waiting about in groups, as soldiers do, their arms piled near the balustrades. There is a clear sweep or' road in view ; the sun is behind us, and will be for these two honrs, and we can see everything as distinctly as possible all the way to Farringdon-street. You see the roadway clear and empty, as you might see it at 4 o'clock on a summer's morniug, but there is contrast enough on the pavement on either side of the street. There people are jammed as close as human beings can be, until the SDOt where Ludzate Hill is iutursentcd hv Ava Maria and Creed lanes, beyond which the crowd may not come. The houses seem bursting with people — every window is full, and the roofs bristle with heads. Some of the roofs have awnings put up, to protect those who stand upon the tiles or leads from tiie weather. .Everything speaks of crowd — the Street lamps are left lighted, either because the lamp lighters could not get at them to put them out, or because they could i ot have lighted them agaiu. We can hear the hum of an innumerable multitude. They areas quiet as sueh a multitude can well be, but every now and then raise their voices 10 a shout when some person is in distress, or from any cause must bo removed, or when an unfortunate dog rushes along, bewildered and alarmed. Theie is a stir among the soldiers ; they are getting into order. The Life Guards ride iuto the churcbyaid from Dean's Yard. There is a slippery bit of paving at that gateway, and one of the horses tails ;. the rider has 'a nar row escape, but though evidently much shaken, he is not materially hurt, and, like a soldier, he mounts again and proceeds upon his duty. Later in the day another h»rse tell there. A host of infantry now approach, advancing up Ludgate Hill iu single file, one file on each side of the street. The train seems interminable. They pass the church, and clear off in an easterly direction. It is no W 11 o'clock. These files of infantry have ended, and after an interval the general procession comes, it is still military. Sometimes there is a succession of guns, sometimes dense masses of the Guards. At intervals there are the bands of various regiments. It is very striking, these successive bands ; as one passes by the church, and the music dies upon the ear, the notes of the next baud begin to be heard, taking up the wail. Major-General his Koyal Highness the Duke - of Cambridge, who commands the troops employed, is riding about, and giving the requisite directions. Now comes the 83 Cheteea pensioners, w taring their medals ; it is a company that seem to excite general interest; the soldiers went past the church— the pensioners go.in. Next, the ' one soldier from every regi ment' — an interesting group. The procession now begins to be one of carriages and mourning coaches ; and the time consumed in setting down their occupants, at the doors makes this part of the proceeding rather tedious. The Sheriffs carriages approach, but they are hardly in keeping with a funeral procession; their gay decorations require some signs of mourning about them on such an occasion. The Speaker is there iu his quaint State carriage ; .and the Lord Mayor in that capacious vehicle of his, which, after all, the citizens have seen in the procession in November before. Now come three Royal carriages, with those noble horses which it is a' treat to see ; the third carriage brings Prince Albert We cannot see him, but the salute as he nasscsthe troons proclaims his presence. We miss the toreigu imums, uui ii is uecause mey »ro uaiwcu m b*vi».u mourning coaches. All eyes now watch fur the funeral car. It is drawn by twelve Llack horses, three abreast, aud covered with velvet, presenting such a dark foreground that we can hardly see whether the car is drawn by horses or not. Tha car is driven in at the churchyard gates, and drawn up ia. front of the great western door ; tlio relations of the Duke are Bet down at the side entrance. After them follows that touching sight — the horse led alter the bier of its master. There htill remains a very interesting passage.. Officers and men from every regiment in the service march; past. The churchyard from the entrance up to the car is, cleared ; the coffin is there before all eyes ; the Duke of Cambridge, the Commander, stands at the gate with his sword drawn m his hand, and the men who represent the. whole army of England march slowly and sadly by. There has not been a more striking or effective circumstance^ in tbe proceedings of the day. The soldiers seem to be im pressed with the situation. It is the final token of re- j verence for their departed chief. It is rendered in solemn j silence. It closes the procession, with the exception only ] that the carriages of the Sovereign here most appropriately follow. THE CATHEDRAL. It is, of course, impossible to give any idea of the simple and magnificently bold proportions of this great Christian temple to those who have not seen it, or some similar building by which they can form a standard of comparison ; still less was its aspect yesterday capable of being rendered to strangers by any word-painting. Even those who best know the building, which the genius of Wren has made the artichectural clvf d'eeuvre of London, could scarcely have recognised it without a little preparation as it then appeared. A faint twinkling circlet of gas jets ran flickering round by the base of the great dome, lighting up the limbs and features of the actors in the huge subjects painted on the concave walls above, and seeming to endue them with a doubtful life. In a line with the base of the dome, and Btretching from capital to capital of the pilasters which in equal partition mark out the walls of nave and transept throughout the length and breadth of St. Paul's, the same simple but most effective decorat on was called into use, and lighted the base of the semicircular roof with a line of bright fire. Sweeping round tho area covered by the dome, a grand circle of seats rose from the floor to the furthest available height in the rear, spreading far into the transept in receding rows, and coming abruptly to a space of not more th*n four or five rows deep, where the broad pillars at the end of the nave cut off its further extension. The floor of the nave was covered with black baize or cloth, and at each side was a long be-.ch extending from the entrance to the circular area under the dome, behind which rose, for the ' space of three or four feet, a wooden partition, decorated at intervals of two or three feet, by escutcheons of the late Duke, on black satin with white borders. Behind tuis par tition were situated the seats intended for the military aud naval officers present at the ceremony, placed tier above tier, so as to command a view of tho procession to the area. Over the western entrance and tin sides of the transept were galleries, which were very speedily filled by privileged ticket-holders. The seats at each side of the organ were also crowded, and the wide expanse of benches reserved for peeresses and their friends, which spread from tbe organ loft almost to the floor of the area, were occupied by ladies, nnst of whom were in deep mourning. In the centre of the area beneath the dome was placed a frame about eight feet high, by the same length, and by a breadth of five feet, covered with black cloth, and some seats or hassocks were arranged around it, of the same colour with white borders. Directly, in the centre of the south semi- circumference of the area was fixed the seat of the Lord Chancellor. Behind His Lordship's seat were tho places reserved for the House of Lords. To their right, on the south east side of the area, were the places reserved for the generals and other high officers of our service. Opposite to the Lord Chancellor's chair was placed that of the Speaker of the House of Com mons, and behind it were the seats reserved for members of that honourable body. On the left of the Commons sat the corps diplomatique. On the right of the Commons were the corporation of tbe city of London and the other corporations which had sent representatives. On the right of the corpo rations was the deputation from the University of Cam bridge, while directly opposite to them, on the other side, and on the left of the Lords, came the deputation from the University of Oxford. It was intended at first that the four rows in front on each side of the nave should be occupied by military ard naval officers, but the struggle to gat in at the early part of the morning was so great, that the lines of red and blue were somewhat broken in upon and diver Athrst the general impression left by the scene was 'ather coM and unsatisfactory. The seats were not quite Hied. The temporary population of the cathedral was shifting and fitful, and some occasional sunbeam* rather mpaired the effect of the gas illumination. The surpassing nterest of the occasion, however, soon overcame the in taence of all such trivial drawbacks. As the eye gazed :he picture was filling with every colour and with every touch of art. It grew from a mere black, gaunt skeleton Framework of wood and stme, and sombre faces and heads, lighted by serpentine gas jets, into a vast dome, with wide spreading arms and wings, with embraced within its grasp ill that this great empire can produce of genius, science, md statesmanship. From the time the doors were opened— about 7 o'clock — the numbers continued to increase very rapidly, and as the arrangements for setting down the visitors, excellent and sxtensive as they were, did not meet their eagerness, many :-f them left their carriages and walked to the cathedral. The early morning was dark, windy, and wet, but, with rare good fortune for such a time --f the year, the sightseers in the streets were favoured with fine weather, for it cleared up as the day advanced, though a biting cold wind, which whistled down the western entrance along the nave, search ing the very bones of the spectators, reminded them forcibly and unceasingly that it was an English autumn outside. Many put handkerchiefs over their heads, and at last the cold became so intense that most of the persons in the back of the nave were compelled to put on their hats, notwithstanding the sacred character of the place. The old generals, with true military punctuality, were among the earliest arrivals, and the quarter of the area ap propriates to them was filled very speedily. The old ad mirals were equally exact, and every eye 'in the cathedral was soon directed to that quarter where orders, stars, rib b aids, and crosses, glittering on bright scarlet and blue, told of men who had served their country, and had fought by the side of the great warrior whose remains were ap proaching their last home. Sir C. Napier, with his eagle face, moving stiffly ilong from»the effect of his old wounds — his brother. Sir William, with a frame, if possible, still more shattered by ball, and perfo ated by bayonet — Lord liougu, with his noble soldierlike bearing. Lord bea:on, Lord Combermere, Sir James M'Donnell, Sir A. Woodford, Sir W. Cotton ; these, and many another gallant veteran, called one's mind back to the days when Wellesley led his ill-provided levies against the disciplined battalions of the great Emperor, and taught a generation of soldiers who are yet a uong us the way to Conquer. About 10 o'clock the Due de Brabant and the Comte (le Flandres, sons of the King of the Belgians, entered the cathedral. They were dressed in the uniform of their re spective regiments, the Guides and Lancers, and were at tended by Colonel le Comto de Moerkerke, Csmte de Briey, and Sir R. Carswell. The young Princes, who attracted a good deal of attention, took up their places in the west amphitheatre. ?Soon afterwards the members of the House of Commons began to make their appearance in detachments as boat after boat conveyed them to Paul's stairs. Almo-t the first who walked up the nave was Mr. Hume, accompanied by Sir J. Walmesley. At 11 o'clock many hon. members had taken their places, among whom were Sir J. Graham, Sir C. Wood, Mr. Keogh, Mr. O'Flaherty, Mr. Swift, and many others ; and meanwhile, as every minute passed, the mass of uniforms prrew denser and brighter to the eye, as the wearers climbed up from the floor of the nave and took their places in the front seats above, which were filled in a line, not very much broken, three or four deep, from end to end on both sides of the passage, with the officers of every branch of the service. As the sunlight shot obliquely irt through the windows, and cast its rays down through the amber-coloured blaze of the glass, it fell with wonderful effect on the varied hues to be seen in the body of the catha dral. Here were the generals all scarlet and gold, dotted with admirals in blue and white ; there the diversified uni forms »f tbe representatives of foreign Powers, where Count Walewski displayed the uniform of France, though ' oui* old ally,' Austria, was absent ; again the sable of Peer9 and Commons, the red and purple gowns of the corporations, the black robes and white awd red hoods of the university deputations, and the immense array of faces rising pile aftrr pile, and diminishing into mere sp cks in the distance, be neath the arches of the upper galleries. At 11.35 thej military bands outside the western entrance struck up a dead march, which they played at intervals till the proces sion approached, and the funeral bell tolled solemnly,' blending with the strains of the music in mournful unison.; At 11 35, also, the 83 Chelsea pensioners, having black wands in their hands, marched into the nave in two Hnes.j arid wheeling round, sat down on the seats beneath the! row »-f officers. The poor fellows seemed tired enough, and,' with the steadiness of old soldiers, who had seen too much of the world to be interested in anything, they scarcely looked at the sp'endid preparations around them. They were followed by the men selected from every regiment in ,ne Horvittc which unu iukuii pnit in uiu pitmcasiuH. ' m [uick succession followed, in groups, the various bodies as-; listing at the ceremonial from the Horse Guards to tho; jathedral. Officers of the army, of the navy, of various! foreign services— the great Ministers of State, and^ thei Judges, moved slowly onwards, filling up the nave with a rich stream of colour on which the eye rested without fatigue, while every accession added to the interest of the: scene. The procession entered in the order which had been abserved throughout. As each flag and guidon was carried to the area of the place whereon the coffin was to lie, it' was planted in due order by the bearer. The Commons, nobly headed by the Speaker, moved to their places; among those present, in addition to those already named, were— Mr. Disraeli, Sir J. Pakington, Mr. Beresford, Mr. Christopher, Mr. Walpole, and about 300 other honourable gentlemen. Next came the Lords, preceded by the Lord Chancellor in state. Among them were— the fcarl of Derby, the Arch bishop of Canterbury, the Earl of Malmesbury, the Earl of Carlisle, the Duke of Argyll. Earl St. Germass, the Bishop of Oxford, the Bishop of Winchester, Lord Melville, the Bishop of London, Lord Broughton, the Duke of Newcastle, Lord Lyttleton, Lord Campbell, the Earl of Cardigan, &c.; The Ministers moved round and took their pUces at the right hand side of the area in front of the Lords. Mr. Disraeli was seated between Mr. Christopher and Mr. Beresford. Then came the Marshals aud Generals of Spain, Russia, Prussia, Portugal, the Netherlands, and Hanover, in their gorgeous uniforms, moving slowly onwards towards the area, amid the strains of sad music, till they formed^ in two glittering columns around the resting-place of the bier. At a quarter-past 12 the Bishop of London and the Dean of St. Paul's, heading the clergy and the choir, proceeded slowly up the nave from the organ to the entrance to re ceive' the remains of the great Duke. Clothed in white, with black bands and sashes, the procession, thus headed, moved in two streams nf two and two through the dignified ami richly attired assemblage till they halted at the door, where they drew up in column four deep. A considerable delay took place in removing the coffin from the funeral car, which tended somewhat U impair the effect of the solemn ceremonial. For nearly an hour this untoward stoppage excited tho anxiety of the spectators, who could not understand the cause of it ; but at length there was a universal hush, and, as if moved by one mind, the whcle of the vast assemblage stood up in respectful grief as the coiiin which contained the remains of the great Duke appeared in sight, preceded by the choir with measured tread as they chanted the beginning of the burial seivice by Dr. Croft. When the coffin was borne in, the wind stirred the feathers of the Marshal's hat placed upon the lid, and produced an indescribably sorrowful effect, in giving an air of light and playful life to that where all was dead. And thu3, with the hoarse roar of the multitude without as they saw their last jf Arthur, Duke of Wellington, with the grand and touching i service of our Church sounding solemnly through the arched lome and aisles of the noble church, with the glistening eye inJ hushed breath of many & gallant as well as of many a ijentle soui in that vast multitude — with the bell tolling solemnly the knell of the departed, taken up by the voice 3f the distant cannon, amid the quiet waving of bannerol and flag, surrounded by all the greatness of the land — with all the pomp and glories of heraldic achievement, escocheon and device — his body was borne up .'St. Paul's. At forty minutes past 1, the coffin was slid off the moveable car riage in which it had been conveyed up the nave to the frame on the centre of the area under the dome, which, as our readers have been informed, was placed almost directly over the tomb of Nelson, which lies in the crypt below. The marshal's hat and sword of the deceased were removed from, the coffin, and in their place a ducal coronet, on a velvet cushion, was substituted. The foreign Marshals and Generals stood at the 'head of the coffin ; at the south side of it stood His Royal Highness Prince Albert, with his baton of Field Marshal in his;hcnd, and attirjd in full uniform, standing a little in advance 'of a numerous staff of officers. At each side of the coffin wen British Generals who had acted as pall-bearers. After the psalm and anthem, the Dean read with great solemnity and impressiveness, the lesson, 1 Cor. xv. 20. which was fol lowed by the Nunc Dimittis, and a dirge, with the following words set to music by Mr. Goss : — ' And the King said to all the people that were with him, ' Bend f oar clothes and gird you with sackcloth and mourn.' And the King himsetf followed tbe bier. - 'And they buried him. And the King lifted up his voice and wept at tiie grave, and all the people wept. - - ' And the King said unto his servants, ' Know ye not that there la a Prlnro* and ft irrpftf man fallen thin ctav in Tfn**al V ' : And now came the roll of muffled drums, and the wailing notes of the horn aud cornet, and the coifia slowly sank into the crypt amid the awful strains of Handel's 'Dead March.' The ducal crown disappeared with its gorgeous support, and in tbe centre of the group of generals and nobles was left a dark chasm, into which every eye glanced sadly down, and all knew indeed that a Prince and a great man had that day gone from Israel. The remaining por tions of the funeral service were thjn performed. The con gregation were requested to join in the responses to the Lord's Prayer ; and the effect of many thousand voices in deep emotion repeating the words after the full enunciation of the Deau was intensely affecting. ' His body is buried in peace, But his name liveth evermore,' from Handel's funeral anthem, was then most effectively performed by the choir. And th-:n Garter King at Arms, standing over the vault, proclaimed the titles and orders of the deceased, ' whom Heaven has pleased to take from us ' : — Arthur Wellesley, he said, was the Most High, Mighty, and Most Noble Prince, Duke of Wellington, Marquis of Wellington, Marquis of Douro, Earl of Wellington in Somerset, Viscount Wellington of Tala vera, Baron Douro of Wellesley, Prnce of Waterloo in the Netherlands, Duke of Ciudad Rodrigo in Spain, Duke of Brunoy in France, Duke of Vittoria, Marquis of Torres Vedras, Count of Vimiera, in Por tugal, a Grandee of the First Class in Spain, a Privy Coun cillor, Commander-in-Chief of the British Army, Colonel of the Grenadier Guards, Colonel of Rifle Brigade, a Field Marshal of Great Britain, a Marshal of Russia, a Marshal of Austria, a Marshal of France, a Marshal of Prussia, a Marshal of Spain, a Marshal of Portugal, a Marshal of the Netherlands, a Knight of the Garter, a Knight of tho Holy Ghost, a Knight of the Golden Fleece, a Knight Grand Cross of the Bath, a Knight Grand Cross of Hanover, a Knight of the Black Eagle, a Knight of the Tower and Sword, a Knight of St. Fernando, a Knight of William of the Low Countries, a Knight of Charles the III., a Knight of the Sword of Swedeu, a Knight of St. Andrew of Russia, a Knight of the Annunciado of Sardinia, a Knight of the Elephant of Denmark, a Knight of Maria Theresa, a Knight of St. George of Russia, a Knight of the Crown of Rue of Saxony,a Knightof Fidelity of Baden,a Knight of Maximilian J.'Sttnh of lfa.va.ria. a Knizht of St. Alexander Newskv of Kussia, a ivnignt ot ot. nermenegnaa ot Spain, a JLmght }f the lied Ea-ile of Brandeuburgh, a Knight of St. Januarius, a Knight of the Golden Liou of Hesse Cassel, a Knight of the Lion of Baden, a Knight of Merit of Wur tumburg, the Lo d High Constable of England, the Con stable, of the Tower, the Constable of Dover Castle, Warden of the Cinque Ports, Chancellor of the Cinque Forts, Admiral of the Cinque Ports, Lord- Lieutenant of Hampshire, Lord-Lieutenant of the Tower ? Hamlets, Ranger of St. James's Park, Ranger of Hyde Park, Chan cellor of the University of Oxford, Commissioner of the Royal Military College, Vice-President of the Scottish Naval and Military Academy, the Master of the Trinity Honse, a Governor of King's College, a Doctor of Laws, &c.; Then the late Duke's Comptroller having broken in [jiece.s his staff of office in the household, handed it to the Garter King at Arms, who cast the fragments into the vault. The choir and chorus sang the hymn ' Sleepers, awake !' and the Bishop of London, standing by the side of the Lord Chancellor, pronounced the blessing, which concluded the ceremony. And thus was buried, with all state and honour, the great Duke of Wellington. 