I UR. WEBSTER'S LAST ILLNESS AND I DEATH. The Webster Memorial, jut published under the auspices of the city government, contains a fuller nocount of tho last hours of Mr. Webster than we have yet seen, and ab tho same timo more authentic. Wo make some extracts from this interesting paper, tho first of which relates an incident which occurred two weeks préviens to his death :- , " On Sunday evening, October 10, he desired a friend, who waB sitting with him, to read to him tho passage in tho ninth chapter of St. Mark's Gospel, whore tho man brings his child to Jesus to bo cured, and tho Saviour teUs bim, ' If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that bol ie ve th ; and straightway the father of 'the ohild cried out, with tears, Lord, I believe ; bolo thou mine ' unbelief.' «Now,' he continued, ' turn to the tenth ohapter of St. John, and road from the verso whore it is said, Many of tho Jews belioved on him.' After this he dictated a few . lines, and directed them to bo signed with his name, and dated Snnday ovening, October 10, 1852\. ' ' This,' he then added, ' is the inscription to'bo placed on my monument.' A few days later-on tho 15th-:bo recurred to the samo subject, and revised nnd corrected with his own hand what he had earlier diotated, so as to make the whole read as follows : " ' Lord, I boliove ; holp thou mino unbcliof.' Philosophical argumont, especially that drawn from tho vastness of tho Universe, in comparison with tho apparent insignificance of this globe, has sómotimos shaken my roason for tho faith whioh is in mo ; but my heart has always assured and ro-nssurod mo, that tho Gospol of Jesus Christ must bo a Divino ltoality. ? Tho Sormon on tho Mount cannot bo a moroly human production. This belief outers into tho very dopth of my conscience. Tho wbolo history of man \- . provos it. DANIEL WEBSTER." On Tuesday, tho 19th of October, ho wak too feeble to appear at the dinner table. That even- ing was the last time his friends 'had tho happi- ness to seo bim in bis accustomed sent at his'own hospitable fireside. About this time be prepared bis will, in which, after providing for overy thing rotating to his personal concerns, ho goes on to say, in conclusion : " My servant, William Johnson, is a froo man. I bought his froodom not long ago for six hundred dollars. Ko demand is to be made upon him for any portion of this sum ¡ but, so long as is agreeable I hopo ho will remain with tho family. Monicha M'Cutty, Sarah Smith, and Ann Bean, coloured persons, now also, and for a long time, in my service, aro nil free. They aro very woll descrvlng, and whoovor comes after mo must bo kind to them." Of tho Inst day of Mr. Webster, and of his dying moments, wo bavo tho following interest- ing and judiciously expressed account : " But when the next day (Saturday) came, ho felt as ho lind not felt beforo. Ho felt that it was his last dar. About eight o'olook in tho morning, therefore, ho desired that all in tho room should leavo it, oxaept Dr. Jeffries, who had boen his physician for a long; peiiod, and who had now boen in constant attendance upon him, living in the houso for abovo a woek. During tho night Mr. Webster percoived that ho had grown weaker by excessive loss of blood from tho stomach. Ho had just suffered afresh in tho samo way. , But whon.ho was certain that ho was alono with his professional adviser, and that no loving oar would bo pained by what ho should say, he spoke in a perfectly clear and even voico, but with much solemnity of mannor and said, " Doc- tor, you bavo carried mo through tba night. I think you will got mo through tho day. I shall dio to-night." Tho faithful physician, much moved, said, nfter a pauso, " You oro right. Sir." Mr. Wobster then went on-"I wish you, there- fore, to send nn express to Boston for somo younger porson to bo with you. / shall die to- night. You aro exhausted, and must bo reliovcd, Who shall it bo ?" Dr. Joft'ries suggested a pro- fessional brothor, Dr. J. Mason Warren, adding that he was the son of an old and faithful friend of Mr. Webster. ? Mr. Wobstor replied instantly, " Let him bo sent for." Dr. Jeffries loft tho room to preparo a noto for tho purpose, and, on returning, found that Mr. Webster bad made all the arrangements neces- sary for its despatch, having given minuto direc- tions who Should go ;-what horso and what vehicle ho . should uso ;-what road ho should follow ;-whero ho should toko a fresh relay ; and how bo should oxecuto bis errand on reaching the city. Ho also desired that provision should bo made for summoning somo other professional friend, if Dr. Warren could not bc found, or could not como ¡ and, on hoing told that this, too, had been foreseen and cared for, ho seemed mnoh gratified, and said, emphatically, "Bight,, right." After some reposo, ho conversed with Mrs. Webster, with his son, and with two or three otlior of tho porsoas nearest and dearest to him in lifo, in tho most affcotionato and tender man- nor, not concealing from them hia viow of tho nppronch of death, but consoling them with re- ligious thoughts and assurances, as if support woro more needful for their hearts than his own. On different ocoasions, in ibo courso of tho day, ho prayod audibly. Oftener ho seemed to bo in silent prayer and meditation. But, at all times, ho was quickly nt lou ti vo to whatovcr was doing or uoeded to bo dono. Ho gave detailed orders for the adjustment of whatever in his affairs required it, and superintended and arranged ovorything for his own departuro from lifo, as if it bad hoon that of anothor person, for whom it was bia duty to toko tho minutest caro. .Aftor nightfall, ho received at his bedsido each mombcr of his family and household, tho friends gathered under his roof, and tho servants, most of whom having boon long in bis sorvico lind become to him as affectionate and faithful friends. It was a solemn nnd religious parting, in which, wbilo all around him woro overwhelmed with sorrow, ho .preserved his acoustomcd equanimity, speaking to oaoh words of appropriate klndnoss and consolation, which they will troasuro here- after among thoir most precious and life-long possessions. During tho wholo courso of his illness, Mr. Webster llover rpoko of his discaso or of his sufferings, except in tho most general terms, or in order to elvo information to his medical advisors ; but St was plain to Dr. Jnckson, who 'was twioo called in consultation i to Dr. AVarron, who was with him during tho Inst night of his life ¡ and to Dr. Jeffries, who was his constant attendant from tho first, that ho noted mid under- stood ovary thing that related to his condition and its succoBslvu changes. His conversation on this, ns on nil other suhjeots, wns porfcutly onay and simple ;-tho doop tones of bis voico rcmainod unchanged ¡ - lils gentleness ° wns uniform ; - nnd tho expressions of his affection to those who approached him, and even to thoso who wero absent, but who woro carofully remomborcd by him in messages of kindness, woro true, tender, and faithful to tho end. Ko complniut escaped from'him ; nor did lie show the least itnpnticiico of his infirmities, or thu least roluctaneo to dio. Ho felt tho value and tito powor of life, and ho was full of lovo for his home, and for all that surrounded him thoro and mada him hnppy. But his submission to tho will of God was entire. Ho Bald, on ono occasion, " 1 Bhnll lio hore patiently until I dio |"-mid ho did so. But, through those wcarlsoino days, ho pro served his natural manner in ovory thing,' mid maintained, without effort, thoso just and truo relations betweon himsolf and nil persons, things mid occurrences about him, which through lifo hod marked him so strongly and had given ¡such dignity and power to his obarnctor. ' , From tho morning of Saturday, when ho had announced to his nBtendmit physician-what no- body, until that timo lind lutimated-that ho " should dio that night," tho wholo strength of his great fnoultios seemed to bo directed to obtain for him a plain and clear perception of Iiis on- ward passage to another world, and of his 'feel- ings and condition nt tho preciso moment whon ho should ko entering its confines. Once, being faint, ho asked if he was not then dying 1 arid on being answerod that he was not, but that ho was near to dontb, ho ropltod Blroply, " Well )'' BB If tho frank and oioot reply wero what be had desired to receive A little later, when bis kind physician repeated to him that striking t«xt of Scripture-" Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for thou art with me ; thy rod and thy staff, they comfort me"-he seemed loss satisfied, and laid, "Yes ; but the /act, the fact, I want ;'' desiring to know if he were to regard t li ese words as - an intimation that he was al- ready within that dark Talley. On another occasion, he inquired whother it were likely that he should again eject blood from his stomach before death, and being told that it was improbable, he asked, " Then what shall you do Î" Being answered that he would be supported by stimulants, and rendered as easy as possible by the opiates that had suited him so well, he in- quired, at once, if the stimulant should not bo given immediately ; anxious again to know if the hand of death were not already upon him. And on being told that it would not be then given, he replied " When you give it to me, I shall know thnt I may drop off at once." Being satisfied on this point, and that he should, therefore, have a fluni warning, he said a moment afterwards, "I will, then, put myself in a position to obtain a little repose.' lu this he was successful. Ho had intervals of rost to tho last ; but on rousing from them, he showed that he wns still intensoly anxious to preservo his con- sciousness, and to watch for tho moment and act of his departure, BO as to comprehend lt. Awaking from one of these slumbers, late in the night, ho asked distinctly if he we»e olivo, and on being assured that he was, and that his family waB collected around his bcd, he said, in a per- fectly natural tone, as if assenting to what bad been told him, because ho himself perceived that it was true, "I still live." Thoso wero the last coherent and. intelligible word». At twenty three minutes before three o'olock, without a Btruggle or a groan, all signs of life ceased to be visible ; his vital organs giving way at last so slowly and gradually as to indicate-what every- thing during his illness had already shown-that his intellectual and moral faoulties stilt main- tained an ; extraordinary mastery amidst tho failing resources of bis physical constitution. POLÍTICA^ INTEGRITY.-George T. appoars to have entertained a very low opinion of tho politi- cal integrity -of Iiis courtiers, and the honesty of his household. He laughed nt tho complaints made by Sir Robert.Walpole against tho Hanove- rians, for Belling places ; and would not believo that tho custom was not sanctioned by his Eng- lish advisers and attendants. Soon after his first arrival in this country, a favouriteoiok, whom he had brought from Hanover, grow melancholy, and wautcd to return home. Tho King having in- quired why Ito wanted to quit his household tho follow replied, "I have long sorvod your Majesty honestly, not Buffering any tiling lo bo embezzled in your kitchen ; but herc, tho dishes no sooner come from your table, than ono steals a fowl, an- other a pig, a third a joint of meat, a fourth a pie, nnd so on, till tho whole is gone ; and I cannot bear to soo your Majesty so - injured!" Tho King laughed heartily said, "My rovouueshero onablo me to bear these things; and, to reconcilo you to your plnee, do you steal like the rest, and mind you toko onoui;h !" Tho cook followed this ad- vice, nnd soon becamo a vory expert thief. Swift having to preach a charity sermon to which ho had a little good-will from the opinion he lind formed of Ilia audience, said nothing of tho subject until tho sermon was onded. Ho then told them that this was n moro matter of business, and as such ho would talk of it. They knew oswell ns he, tbat they . had certain poor to próvido for, who looked to their purses. Ho then merely read tho - text ; " Ho that giveth to tho poor londeth to tho Lord;" and ndded, " if you nj »provo of your security, down willi your monoy." With this ho sent round tho plato for collection. DUNNING AND Lonn MANSFIELD,-Whilst the celebrated Mr. Dunning, afterwards Lord Ashbur- ton, was nt tho bar, he by his conduct did much to support tho charnctcr and dignity of a ' bar- rister, which was frequently disregarded by Lord Mansfield, at that timo Chief Justice.' Tho at- tempts of tho Chief Justice to browbeat tho coun- sel wero on many occasions kept in oheck by tho manly and diguiliod conduct of Mr. Dunning. Lord Mansfield possessed great quickness in dis- covering tho gist of a cause, and having dono so, used to amuse himself by taking up a book or a newspnper whilst counsel was addressing tho court. Whenever Mr. Dunning was speaking, and his Lordship Boomed thus to hold his argu- ment as of no consequence, the advocato would stop suddenly in his address, and on his Lord- ship obsorviug, " Bray go on, Mr. Dunniiig," ho would roply, " I beg your pardon, my Lord, but I fear I shall interrupt your Lordship's more im- portant occupatioiH. I will walt until your Lord- ship lias leisure to attaud to my olicnt and his huniblo advocate." ACCOMMOIIATI.NO FRisciri.ES.-Tn ono of Sir Bobort Walpole's lettors bo gives a vory instruo Ivo picturo of a skilful minister and a con ascending Parliament. " My doar friend," writes Slr Bobort, " there is scarcely a mcmbor whoso purse ldo not know lo a sixpence, and whoso vory soul, nlmost, I could not piirohnso nt tho offer. The reason former ministers havo boon docoived in this matter is ovidont-they novcr considered tho temper of tho pooplo thoy lind to doal with. I bavo known a mimstor so woak as to oiler on avaricious old rascal a star and garter, ami attempt to bribe a young rogue, who sot no valuo upon money, with a lucrativo employment. I purr.uo mothods as opposite ns tho poles, and tboreforo my administration lins beau attonded with n different effect.'' . . « Patriots," says Walpolo, " spring up Uko mushrooms. I could raiso fifty of them within four-nnd-twenty hours. I havo raised roany of them in ono night. It is but rcfusiug to gratify nn unreasonable or inso- lent demand, mid up Btarts a patriot." MUBKETOES IN DECEMBER.-Of all tho proofs of tho " extraordinary mildnoss of tho weather" which liavo appeared in print, wo bavo not soon ono so extraordinary as tbe fact that living rauskc toos havo boen humming in our chambers within four days of Christmas. On Monday last wo killed fivo of thoso bloodsuckers in our bedroom. Tlicy woro a little slinky about tho logs, but quito lively for tho Henson.-New York Sunday Newe. A MAN OF PEACE.-During tho last war, n Quakor waa on board an American Bli ip engaged in closo combat with nu enanty. Ho prosorved his peace principles calmly until ho saw a stout Briton olimbing up tho vessel by a ropo which Illing ovorboard. Seizing a hatchet, tho Quaker looked over tho sido of tito shin, and remarked i "Friend, if theo wants that piece of rope, theo may buvo it ;'' when, suiting tho deed to tho word, ho cut offtho rope, and down wont tho poor follow to his long wntory homo !-American 1'aper. ? A BAP AT THE RAPPERS I-" Ish dnt you, Mrs. lluuntz?" inquired tho Dutchman. J'Yes, dearest, it is your own wifo, who-" "Yoiilic, you ghost," Interrupted Iliumtz, starting from bia scat ; " mino vrow speak notting but Dutch, and siio nover said loarcst in her lifo. It was always 'llauntz, you thlof t' or . Haunts, you tirty shkampl'" Anil tho Dutchman hobbled from tho room, well Bttt'iBfiod that tho " Bopping Bpi rlth" wero all humbug, and that ho was safe from any further communications with Ilia shrew- ish vrow on tills earth.-American J'aper. "THE LAST WAH."--Mr. Pitt, onco spoaking in tho Houso of Commous, lu tho early part of his career, of tho glorious war which proceded tho diHfiHtrmiB ono in which Wo lost tho colonlup, called lt " tho hist wur." Several members criod out, " Tho last war but ono." Ho took no notieo ; mid soon nftor repenting tho mistako, ho was interrupted by a gonornl cry of " Tho Inst wnr but ono-tho last war but ono." " I monn, air," Bald Mr. Pitt, turning to tho Speaker, mid mining his sonorous volco, " I moan, slr, tho last war that Krltons would wish to roraembor." Whereupon tho ory was Instantly ohangod into au universal cheering, long mid loud. BEOAUTT of GENIUS.-Gibbon, in speaking of his own gonenlogy, refers to tho fact of Plaiding hoing of tho sumo family as tho Euri of Denbigh, who. in common with tho imperial family of Austria, is descended from tho colobrntod Kodolph of Hapsburg!!. " Whllo tho ono brattan," ho anya, " havo eoutoiitod tliomsolvos with hoing sheriffs of Leicestershire and jtistloos of tho peace, tho others have been Emperors of Germany and KlngB of Spain i hut tho mngnlfloont ro- maneo ot 'Toni Jones' will bo rend with pleasure, whon tho pnlaooof tho Ksourlal la in ruins, ami the Imperial eaglo of Austria il rolling in the dust." I BiAu NAM.-Tba celebrated DMU Nub, who wu long matter of tlie oeremoniei, »nd (by courtesy) "King of Bath,'' WM SI sleeping partner in ono of tho most thriving of the Bath gambling-bouses. Connected with his transactions in this line, we give tb« following curious aneo dotes, which will show that whatever wore tho defects of his head, his heart waa always in the right place :-The Earl of_T-, when a young man, was inordinately addicted to gambling, ana in particular loved to have the King of Bath for his opponent. He was, however, no match for his Majesty, who, after winning several trifling sums from him, resolved to attempt his cure, foreseeing that otherwiso he would full a prey to adventurers who might not bo so forbearing as bimsolf. Ac- cordingly ho engaged bis Lordship ono evening in play to a very serious amount, and won from bim first all his ready monoy, then tho title-deeds of bis estatos, and finally tho very watch in his Eocket, and the rings on his fingers. When he ad thus sufficiently punished tho young noble- man for his infatuation, Nash read bim a lecture on the flagrant impropriety of attempting to mako money by parabling, when poverty can- not bo pleaded in justification of such conduct : after wbioh he returned him all bis winnings, morely exacting from him a promise that lie would nover piny agnin ! Not .less generously did he beliavo to nn Oxford student, who had come to spend tho Long Vaoalion at Bath. The green- horn, who also nffected to bo a gamester, was lucky onough to win a largo sum of money from our beau, and, after the gamo was endod, was in« vlttfd by bim to supper.. ''.Perhaps,'' said Nash, " you think I havo asked you for the purpose of securing my revengo ; but I can assure you that my sole motive in requesting your company is to set you on your guard, and to entreat you. to bo warned by my experience, and to shun play as you would the devil. This is strango advice for one like me to give. ; but I feel for your youth and inexperience, and am convinced that If you do ' nut atop whore you now are you will infulliby be ruined. ' A few nights afterwards, having lost hji entiro fortune at tho gambling-table, the young man blew his brains out. SELF-DEVOTION ANO COOKEBT.-Vatol was the maître d'hôtel of the great Condo: tho closing Bcono of his lifo is ona of tho most' extraordinary instances of self-dovotinn recorded in history. It appears that Louis XIV. was on a visit to Condo, nt Chantilly. Tho collation was ser'vod in 'a room hung with jonquil ; all was as could bo wished. At supper there were some tables where the roaBt waa wanting, on ncoount of sovoral parties which lind not bcenoxpeoted ; this affected Vate! : ho said sovoral times, " I am disho- noured ; this is a disuraco that I cannot endure.'* Ho said to Gourville, " My head is dizzy ; I have not slept for twclvo nights. Assist mo in giving orders." Gourville assisted him as much as he could. Tho roast, which had been wanting, nob at tho table of tho King, but nt tho inferior tables, was constantly present to bis mind. Gourville mentioned it to tito Prince : tho Prince even went to tho chamber of Vat ol, and said to him : " Vatel, all is going on well ; nothing could equal tho supper of tho King." He re- plied : " Monseigneur, your goodness overpowers no ; I know that tho roast was wanting at two tables.". " Nothing of the sort," said the Prince ; "do not distress yoursolf; ali is going on woll." Night carno; the fireworks fulled; they had cost sixteon thousand francs. Ho roso at four the next morning, dotorminod to attond to every- thing in porson. Ho found avery body asleep. Ile meets ono of tho inferior pur'voyors, who brought only two pneknecs of sea-fish: ho asks, " IB that nil f "Yes, sir." Tho man was not awaro that Vatol had sent to all tho' sonports.. Vatol waits somo timo ; tho other purveyors did not arrivo ; his brain began to burn ; he believed that thara would bo no moro fish. Ho finds Gourvillo ; ho said to him, "Monsieur, I shall nover survive this disgrace" Gourville mode light of it. Vatel goes up-statrB to his room, » Ídaces his sword against tho door, and' stabs limself to tho heart ; but it was not until tho third blow, after giving himself two not mortal, that bo fell dead. The fish, however, arrives from oil quarlors ; thoy seek Vatol to dis- tribute it; they go to his room-thoy ' knook they forco open tho door-he is found bathed in his blood. Thoy hasten to toll tho Prince, who is in depair. Tho Duko wopt ; it was on Vatol that his journey, from Burgundy hinged. Tho Prinoo relatad what had passed to tho King, with marks of tbs deepest sorrow. It was attributed to the. high Bonso of honour which bo had after his own way Ile was vory highly commended;- bis courage was praised and blamed at tho samo timo. Tho King said ho had dolayed coming to Chan- tilly for fivo years, for fear of tho embarrassment ho should causo. O ii ia IN or TUB BURNIKO OP Moscow.-Previous to tho entry of tho french, tho Governor of tho city, in September, 1812, Count Bostophobin, and tho nobles, in n public assembly, lmd deter- . miucd to destroy the city which they could no longer dofend : tho authorities carried off with thom tho firo-ongino?, and every thing which could arrest a conflagration ; and tho persons solootod fer tho duty of firing tho buildings only awaited tho depart uro of their countrymen. A fire. speedily broko out in tho great markot placo ; and though it was got under, a fresh ono appeared at midnight on tba 15th, in tba north- ern nnd western parts of the city, which waa spread in all directions by tho violon co and fre cpiont chango of tho wind. Tho soldiors woro iucnpablu of arresting its progress, and by tho 18th nn'd 13th the whole oily was ono ocean of flame Volumos of fire of various oolours, from tho vast stores of combustibles in tho shops, ascended to tho heavens ; while tho troops, tor- mented by hunger and thirst, and rolcivsod from all disciplino by tho surrounding horrors, rushed in search of wino and booty into the burning edifices, under tho ruins of wbioh many perished - miserably. Nino tenths of tho city wero de- stroyed, and tho remainder abandoned to pillago, and deserted by tho inhabitants, offered no re- sources to the army. Tho emperor had been compelled to leave tho Kremlin on the 10th, and with difficulty .made his way through tho rushing fiamos to tba country pallico of Pctrowsky, whence ho cast a melancholy look on tho burning city, and exclaimed, " This event is tho prosngo of a long train of disasters." 