To the Edilar of the Guardian. THE 'COUltlER' AND CATHOLICITY Sia—In ttie Courier, December 24th., the let-crofa correspondent, signed, " Luieut Episcoi>alius," was brought under my notice* This letter professes to reply to some of Counsellor Cooke's reasons for abandoning the Established Church lor the Catholic Church. I be^ your insertion of a few plain remarks on this letter published ui the Courier, in hostility to Catholicity. Misrepresentation is the very soul of Protestant writers, whoa their subject is tile ,l Catholic Church. Laieus Episcojialius" is a good example of this assertion, who, by his lalse aud garbled statements, completely, either perverts or hide?, the real facts. He brings the infamous Te zel's conduct, as a prool of the iniquity of the Catholic Church, respecting indulgences. Let us hear, wuo aud w.iat this Tetzol was. John Tetzel was a Dominican Friat, who being cj.umissioned by the Archbishop of Alayence, to pub;.sh l'jduljji-uces, aud explain the spiritual nature of them to the people, acquitted himaeil most wickedly of tho trust, by preaching a chocking and unheard of doctrine ou ills subject, as also, by spending, iu public houses, in eating aud drinking, ttie money, which was given hiin f .r charitable purposes. John Scaupitz, Vicir General of the Augustiniau Friars, ordered his subjects to preach a£ain*t the blasphemous Mountebank ; and uharles nliltiU, the Pope's Nuncio, at ttie Court of Sj.x-#iiy, reprimanded him, in sucii severe tonus, tor tue abominablescandal, wiiich he had given to the Catno-ics of Germany, that lie sickened, and died cf grief iu 15.9. Tbe Catholic Church has, at all times, exclaimed against the abases cummilted by selt-inter. sted designing men, in the pub. lishing of indulgences, uud in explaining tbj docirjne ot purjtatoiy. Pope Innocentlll. complained of these in the great couuuil ol Lateral), held iu 1215. v. lemenc v. iu the council ol Vienna, 1311, expresses the en >rmua, abuses, which were committed by the Qusestors, or Cuilectors of money, in ttiose days : how they used to promise to release souls out ol purgatory, on condition ol bei.ig p. id a certain suin ol money, aud he represents mem as so mauy liars and cheats. The council of Trent, iu the 2Jth session, censures all those practices, after the same manner. ' If therefore, Tope Leo x. did indeed sanction, by his authority, such abominable practices, it could only have been by a criminal connivance, not ex cathedra otherwise be would liave beau by tiis conduct, at variance with councils, by himseif acknowledged; aud this would only prove the wickedness of the man, not the iniquity of the church. The passage from Bellanminc, respecting the worship of images, is correctly quoted, but, iu the accompanying trauelation, a meaning totally different from tho sense, intended by Bellatiniue, is given. Ttie word ••WORSHIPPED" is artfully, put as explanatory of •' veuerated" and this, left unexplained, inmt, to Vtgicstant ears, give the idea ol supreme worship, due only to Ueitv. Tuia supreme worship, Sellanmne expressly declares is not to tie given to images —his u*n words iu accordance with the council of Trent, are," imagines esse veraudas, non quideui cultu iatrisa, sed honore tlio, quo ttljaill prosequiraur tsacras luterus, sacra vnsa," &c.; (Works, vol 2, 703,) that is " images are to be vcuorateil, not indeed with supreme worship, but with tue honor we give to the sacred writings, sacred vessels," &c.; But what does Bellarmiue mean by saying that "images are u> be vein-rated oven by themselves aud properly ?"—for this is clearly his assertion, as another passage will shew—" nna«iues veuerandm •••!> nlodo, quo veuersmur lii'&ugeiia;, et sacra vasa. .-tiqui iota venerautur per se, et cioprio, ut omues fateatur, nee eunn persuuam alicujus alterius geruut : igitur et imagines per so, et propria vener ndto sun:." iluid. 803) That is, " images are to bo honored in the same way we honor the gospels and sacred vessels ; but these are; to bo honored tor themselves, and propcriy, as all confess, lor they do not roprcsont tho person of any other, therefore also Images are to be honored for themselves, and properly." ' And why is this ? Let Bellarmine speak again—"iti ipsa imagine vera ioest aliquid »ucrum,niiTiirum similitude ad rem saoram, etipsadcdicaliosivo consccratio divino cultui; ergo iptro in se, et uon Bolum ut i'i o- totypivieein gerunf, honoro dignto sunt." (Ibid. B')».)that is, "in the image itself there is something sacred, that is tn say, its likeness to a sacred object, and its being dedicated or consecrated to dii-iao worship ; therefore, they are iu themsnlves, and not only because they are tho pattern of tlie original, worihy of honor".—that is to say, they are ia themselves, worthy of relative honor, because ot their dedication to sacred purvice of religion, even by wicked men, in a a state of opeu schism, vet c to bo regarded as sacred, and not to bo p'it to.common useB. See A r uwbcrs, chap, xwhere the rebellion of Core is recounted. After tho destruction of Core and his «.»npanv. wo find this divine command given to MORVB Command Eleaj?r, the soil of Aaron the riest., to take up the censers thit lie in the Curciiag. and to scatter the lire of one side and the other, because tliey are sanctified in the deaths of the sinners : aud let them beat them into pfcbtes, and lasteu thsm to the altar, because incense hath been olfered in them to the Lord, and they ore sanctified." Weluvethe picture of a beloved object, because of its resemblance to the object of our affection : aud we love and venerate also, even the picture for itself, on account of that relation and dedication it bears to the beloved and venerated object. Let us suppose it to be the picture of a departed parout, whose memory we hold in perpetual veneration—should we not love and cherish such a memorial 1 Is there danger of idolatry in this T We are next told, that the Blessed Virgin is no where, in scripture, called M OTHER or GOD. The objector seems here to forget himself a little, and to overlook the salutation of St. Elisabeth, when tbe Blessed Virgin vis t=.d her—"\Vhenc c," says ste, "is this tome, that the MOTHER OF Mr LORD should come to me?" " JlIoTHEa OK MY L-ijin, is certaiuly tantamount to ''MOTHI:H. OF GOD,'' and could have been understood, iu no other way, by the Blessed Elizabeth herself. This cavilling is "only reviving the lieresy ol Nestorius,Archbishop of Constantinople, who was condemned, iu tho council of Chalcedon, for maintaining two persons in Christ, and denying Mary to be the MOTHER or G >D. Unless Marv wcro really and (rtily Ihc "Mother of God," there must, necessarily, have been two persons in Christ—lor, as a mother holds that relation, because the soul is hypostiticaily uuited to the body, which is formed of her substance, thus reudeiitig her the mother of a human fc.son, not incr. - lyof a human body, tberel'oie, the Biessel Virgin, in becoming the mother of our Sarionr, became tbe m.ither of a I'CUSON — aud who was that person ! Will our opponent venture to assert, that a human person was born of tier aud united to the divine psison of the Son of Gol. This would make tva person?—nothing can extricate us from this dilemma, hut the catholic faith, that is, " Sm look to himself the nature of man, from the llr^iu Jtfary's womb hj the Omnipotent power of the Ilohj Ghost," so that from the moment of her mtracalwtts conception, the sacred boJy, which was formed from heriinmaculate substance, was hvpostatically uuited to the Person of the Word—thus constituting her tha Jllother of a Divine Terson, namely, MOTUER OF GOD. Thus, " The Wo, d vjas made Jksh"—that is,became hypostaticaily united with human flesh. In the words of an ableCatholic wriler, of r cent date,—'"as a woman, who does not begot the soul, tiliicb is the nobler part of man, is nevertheless deservedly considered, aud said io be, his mother, because til ' body to which the soul had been hyposiatically united, was formed from her blo-jd, and in her womb ; so, in the same mauler, since the body taken by the diviua Word, formed of the Blersed Virgin alone, and iu her womb, abd the very instant in which it was conceived, was hypostatically united !o the person of the Word ; she is therefore deservedly caffed the Morutn or GOD, although she did not beget his D.viniiy."(L't ter to the Rev. J. T.iy w, A. M., by the Rev. Francis Murphy, p.15.) We have d well the longer upon this point, bcciuse it is of the utmost importance to the very ' xivence of Christianity : for unit? s Mary be indeed Mother of God, the Wo d litis not been made flesh, and tVc doctrine of the incirnation of the Son of God is completely overthrown ! Hence the Catholi: Church" has ever regarded this doctrine,with most especial care, and has appointed a Eacrel seivice to be said three limes every day, in remembrance ol tlie f\'CA!tNMTf>N,i:i order that this corners oiie ofour holy religion may be keptcoutiuu-illy iu view. Tins 6acred service consislsof the Angelic Salutation, and a petition, three times repeated to tbe Holy Mary, aB Mother of God, to" pray for us." With this, our present communication shall conclude. 1.'lbs Angel of the Lord declared unto^ Mary, and site conceived of the Holy Ghost; Hailj Mary, fall of Grace, the Lord is with thee, blessed art thou amongst women, uud blessed is the fruit of thy womb, Jet-us : Holy Mary, Mother of God, pray for us sin •ers', now and in the hour of our dcalh. 2\. Behold the handmaid ot theLord.be it done unto me, according to thy word, liail, Mary, lull of grace. &c.; And tlie Word was made flesh and dwelt among us. Hail Mary, fall of grace, &c.; This service is called the Aegclus Domini and is repeated in Catholic countries, at 6 in the morninfr, 12 at noon,tod C in tlie evening, at tbe sound of a boll. In my next^I hope to conclude the few remaining note.*, I haveiuken, in the perusal of the communication of" Laicus Episcopalius." Vour's respectfully, WABV Elizabeth BAILEV. (formerly M. B. Sandy BavO Fca8fof the Espec.tat.iou of the B.V.Jf., I.i53. JUacquarie-strcet, liobartou. 