THE NEW~C0NSTITÜÍTON. REPUTA i ION of Mr. Martin's ridiculous and absurd ideas of the Conservative element in civil government, 1\. That in order to enable the Upper House of Legislature to exercise an efficient check upon the Lower, it is necessary that such Upper House should possess above all things that weight and consideration which popular election on by can give it, and without which no amount of character, intelligence, or ability in the individuals composing it can enable it, in times of great political excitement, when its interVention will be most required, to exercise, in any sense and to any extent, the functions of a truly Conservative institution. Answer-The very purpose, essence, and meaning of the Conservative element in the British Cjnttuuiion is to act as a check on popular representation, when the minds of the people are inflamed by mob orators men of great talk and little judgment the appeal not to reason but passion, whose hasty legislation might confuse, office and expunge those con- ventional rules, regulations, and safeguards, which have become gradually engrafted on the Constitution by the practical experience of ages, any alteration of which requires the ut- most care and circumspection and their removal, for substituting something more in accordance with the wants of a community, must often be attended with danger to local and general interests. The Conservative ele- ment is that power which arbitrate between the throne and the people-which gives force and stability to all the institutions of the British empire, and guarantees to individuals that liberty which the aggregate, in their representatives, have decreed that each should possess, without annoyance to others. Its foundation is wealth, and it is expected that that conduct and those means and appliances which make wealth respected have not been neglected by the Conservative body. Members of the Upper House should hold their position for life unless they become insolvent, and they should be men of matured age and experience. 2\. That, in order to prevent the Upper from being a mere duplicate of the Lower House, it should be elected by larger constituencies, with a different franchise; and that as it is desirable that there should be a representation of interests as well as of numbers, Much, larger constituencies should exclusively consist of the freeholders of the country. Answer If the Upper House is elected, they must, as a matter of course, be a mere duplicate of the Lower House and here he recog unites the principle that wealth should form the principal recommendation to a seat in the Upper II music, for he says they should be elected by larger constituencies, and a different (a higher) franchise, and such larger constituencies should exclusively consist of the freeholders of the country. As to representing " interest is as well as numbers, he may with equal propriety talk of representing " the baseless fabric of a vision." A Btit'.Osnun represents the general interests of his country, and will never be biassed by local interests, j 3\. That to give stability to the Upper House, and make a seat in it an object of ambition to those most competent to guide the public councils, its members should continue in office for twice the period allotted to members of the Lower House, Answer Those, generally speaking, most competent to guide the public councils will not possess much of the ambition which this young aspirant refers to, and their acceptation of and continuance in office will to them personally be a matter of indifference. '4. That the foregoing resolutions be referred to the Committee of the whole House, for its guidance when taking the before mentioned Bill into consideration. Answer-This resolution, like most of what has been said by this young statesman since he entered with borrowed plumes the Legislative Council, is not worth a curse. N.B. -Wo reason on the principles of the British Government, but admit that there are other forms of government equally deserving attention. The present Emperor of Russia wields in his own person the most efficient government in the world for practical purposes of improvement. He constructs a railway, forms a harbour, builds a palace, while the British Government would concoct their plans. At the same time we know that Russia has not always been so happy in her emperors. Again, in Italy, where such works are looked upon with indiffceucs, as not at all necessary for the welfare and happiness of the people, nearly all of whom earn their living by the labour of their hands with peace and content, except from disturbances caused by the aggressive violence of an invading army or some other txoiiing cause utterly opposed to the true interests of the people. These forms of government seem to suit the respective countries in which they are adopted well, and the language used towards them as " the tyranny of Russian despotism," " the tyranny of Papal d millionaire not by any means, generally speaking, applicable, and ought out of regard to truth and justice to be modified. England-mij^slic Elland has a farm of Government peculiarly her own. As the ar- later of nations, whether Protestant or Catholic, she holds the, balance with a firm and steady hand. When the armies of Napoleon had subjugated every Catholic country in Europe, and the thunders of the Vatican were hushed by the thunders of French artillery, a more terrible sound boomed loud and deep over' the seas and channels and bays and gulfs of Europe. The British fleet swept the ocean like the light winged sea bird, and victory succeeded victory till English blood and English money ransomed Europe from slavery. Success, then, to this type of the old country success to Australia and the new Constitution ! 1 LORD STANLEY'S GHOST. 