PIRIE-STREET CHAPEL SUNDAY SCHOOLS. On Sunday last two sermons were preached in Pirie-street Chapel—in the morning by the llev. D. J. Draper, and in the evening by the Rev. T. T. N. Hull— on behalf of the Sunday-schools connected with that place of worship. Collections amounting to £22 were made towards the fuuds of the schools. On the following, evening a public meeting was held at the same place. The Rev. T. T. N. Hull opened the proceedings by giving out the hymn, commencing with the words— " Come, Father, Son, and Holy Ghosts To whom we for oar children cry, The good desired and wanted most Oat of thy riehest grace supply; The sacred discipline be given To train and bring them up to Heaven." After the hymn aud prayer, W. Peacock, Esq., M.L.C., was requested to preside. The Chairman stated that he had attended without any intention to j take part in the proceedings, but having been him-J self connected with Sabbath-schools for 45 years, j he felt deeply interested in their success, and had] often, thought that England and other Christian, countries would hie in a deplorable condition but^ for the influence which those institutions had exercised upon the general feelings and habits of their com munities. Mr. Valentine read the report, from which it appeared that there had been a considerable augmentation in the number of children of both sexes attending the schools, hut that the want of teachers had been very much felt. Mr. Coltm, the Treasurer, then read ail abstract statement of re ceipts and expenditure, as follows:— Balance iu hand July, 1852 ... £23 6 0 Received August, 1852 1 0 0 24 6 0 16 16 0 7 10 0 22 0 0 . Sundry expenses Collection on the preceding day Balance in h<md £29 10 0 A.. Forster, Esq., moved the first resolution viz.: — " That the report of theco»>l:ti uof the Sunday-«ehool is satisfactory to this meeting, and should be re garded as a cause of than r. fulness to God, and an encouragement to future exertions." During his address Mr. Forster dwelt with much earnestne s upon the subject of human responsibility, particularly as regards parents and those having the guardianship, of the young, whose influence upon the minds of children either for good or evil was described by him in a manner which elicited repeated demonstrations of applause. He concluded his address by stating that, though it was a gloomy idea, its truth was demonstrated by ten thousand facts that very few indeed of those who had passed the meridian of life without being trained to habits of piety, manifested any evidence of its existence during the remainder of their days. Sabbath-schools were institutions upon which, to a great ext vat, depended the future moral greatness of the world, and those who were engaged in the work found the truth of the declaration, that " it blesseth him who gives and him who takes." The Rev. D. J. Draper seconded the resolution, and contended that the best hopes of Australia's future prospects depended less upon its wealth or po litical institutions, than upon the benefiuiaJ influence exercised"upon the youthful mind through the medium of Sabbath-schools and other means of religions teaching. During the French Re volution, human reason was adored and God dishonoured, and the sad effects of that system of infidelity had manifested itself so largely in the fol lowing generation as' would require many years of religious training wholly to obliterate. The meeting was subsequently ad iressed by Mr. Bakewell, the Rev. J. Gardner, of the Free Church of Scotland, the Rev. T. T. N. Hull, and Mr. Colton, and the fol lowing resolutions moved and adopted:—"2. That this meeting desires to express the conviction that, as religion"lies at the foundation of all personal hap piness and social well- being, it behoves the Church of God, through all its agencies, to cmbue the minds of the rising generation with religious truth." 3. " That this'meeting would return thanks to the com mittee, the superintendent, and the teachers of the Pirie-street Sunday-schools; and express'the hope that they would continue their services, as upon them are mainly dependent the practical working and prosperity of the institution." . A vote of thanks was then passed to the chairman, and, after the Doxology, the meeting was dismissed. 