THE "ADELAIDE TIMES" AGAIN. The Adelaide Times is a sort of legislative Monsieur To?ison. We expect every day to hear the honourable Mr Speaker exclaim, when he sees the member for Mount Barker on his legs, " Begar, here's Hons. Tonson come again !" Can no spell be laid upon this indefatigable ghost—no means of teaching the Council " table rapping" when he attempts to speak ? How is it that this evil spirit, whatever power it may possess over its unfortunate victims, the member for Mount Barker and others, should be permitted to disturb, day after day, the proceedings of so grave a body as our Legislative Council. The Tedworth drum mer, Mrs Veal's apparition, the scratching of Fanny the Cock-lane ghost, were, indivi dually and collectively, nothing to it. Can there be no relief—is there no remedy ? Will nobody move an addition to the sup plementary estimates for a sum sufficient to supply the honourable House with bell, book, and candle," whereby the Clerk of the Conncil, or Mr Lawrence the messen ger, may be enabled to exorcise this bab bling demon ? The results of its visita tions are painful in the extreme. At first, Mr Baker seemed to suffer under the inflic tion in a mild way. Pulse high, some slight symptoms of fever, the mind a little wandering, a strong tendency to irritability andwhispering. Recipie:—abstain carefully from misrepresentation; assert for fact nothing that you cannot prove to be true, and nothing that you know to be false ; if possible, insinuate no bad motives when you are sure that there is every probability that you are insinuating false ones ; think as little of your self-importance as others do, pry as little into other people's affairs as you would like them to enquire into yours, keep your temper, dont kick against pricks, and take, and if the stomach will bear it, digest, two copies of the 'limes daily. We believe attention to this pre scription might cure even so desperate - a case as that of the hon. member for Mount Barker. We regret to announce, however* that having taken no advice he is much worse. Not only under his present hallucination, must the Times abstain from comment on Mr Baker's speeches, interruptions, and mis statements, and not only must it refrain from correcting his groundless assertions, and repelling his inuendoes about the paper* the Proprietors, the Editor, and everybody he imagines belonging to it, but, forsooth, the Times is to be dragged before the Council for the expressions contained in a letter of a correspondent,although the writer of the letter gives his name, has been abused by Mr Baker cannot meet theseattacks where they are, day after day, permitted to be made ; and claims of us the opportunity of replying through our columns, as the only channel remaining open. We would respect fully enquire what next ? Perhaps tho lion, member will like us to enter into recogni zances to stand by all tho advertisements in this paper, whenever, for a purpose of his own, he may think fit to be dissatisfied with them. What has the House to do with letters in the Times, or with any thing that its Editor chooses to say upon the political conduct of himself or any other member of the Council ? Is he to follow Mr Waterhouse to the Governor, and cry out " Master, I wish you would speak to the Coroner—he's a-grinning at me !" or is Mr Baker really designing a crusade against this paper because it refused to have any connection with him, or en counter the peril of his influence ? Mr Baker knows—he has known for weeks — that this paper is altogether independent, and free from all official control—that none of the members of the Government, individually or collectively, can exercise the slightest authority over its political course or opinions ; that none of them have ever attempted to do so ; that the actual proprietor is the individual whose name publicly appears as such ; and that, when the honourable member talks of the " Registrar-General's paper," he persists in uttering a wilful and distinct untruth. Were he to call the Times "the paper he could not buy a share in," he would speak the truth ; and we recommend to him this formula when he again obtrudes us upon the notice of the Legislature. We repeat that no member of Council has any right, as such, to notice in his place there, letters or comments upon his political conduct— no, not even to complain of whatever censure or stigma that conduct receives. He may object rightly to erronous reports, and be gratified in cor recting them, but he is totally helpless against commentaries, however, just or severe—nay, however undeserved. It is not by feeble attempts to bully a news paper, that he and Mr Waterhouse can set themselves right with the public, or persuade any one that the currying they are receiving has not been brought on by themselves, or that they do not richly deserve it. We have spoken our mind at greater length than we intended, and have tried to revert to these gentlemens' absurdities with somewhat of gravity. But we find that our attempt is a failure. For the life of us we cannot forbear laughing at the magnificent and abundantly irate tone in which the Colonial Secretary was ques tioned about us, and at his great command of countenance when vouchsafing to reply. We hope that our position and conduct will not materially affect the peace of Europe, or the settlement of the Turkish Question. In the mean time, watching over the health and welfare of the hon. member for Mount Barker, much more than he supposes, or gives us credit for, we implore him to take advice, and a little physic. If the nostrums of the Times are unpalatable—if Holloway is nauseous —try Wyatt's. There is a homoe opathic dose in another column. The hon. member is very ill : it may do him good. Typographical Blunders. — We are, ourselves, abogefher impervious to mis prints; or any blunder i i type, i\jhich either totally misrepresents wont we momt to ha\e said, or which substitute? in its place the rankest non sense. But ou-* correspondents, our ci'y and district councillors, our legislators, and others who are less case-hardened, have an objection to this system, and justly complain of it. We were the other dav favoured with '• riz au nez' for '*rire au nezthat is, our printer made us present rice to our friend's nose in place of laughirg at him to his lace. The South Aus tralian Register only yesterday, made Ilia Honor Judge Boothby convict a fellow ol stealing two acres, and semencs him to durance lor filching a couple of horses; arid our printer tells us that the Registrar-General spoke at thn same time of Mr Raker's bad haste, while lie only meant to be complimentary on the honourable member's bad taste. We could enumerate scores of such mis akes; and we mention these merely to assure our readers that the most decided measures are being taken to remedy and preveut their recurrence. The want of the assistance we require, has sadly interfered with our endeavour to place the Times upon the footing we soon hope to see it. The Mid-day Gun.—This Gun is now fired daily at the Police-barracks, whither it has been removed from the Signal-station. It would ce,tGinly be desirable to have a Gun that would make its own Report more generally heard, and not require the assistance of the reporters of the press to make its existence known. Another Attempt at Gaol "Breaking. —About 3 o'clock on Sunday morning, an alarm was given, at the Gaol, that two pri soners were attempting to make an escape. The Governor was speedily on the spot, when it was found that two prisoners named Grayce and Neale, who are sentenced, the one for five, the other for six years, endeavoured to con struct a ladder with boards and bedding torn unto strips. They were speedily transferred to safe custody, aud placed in irons. Ormerojds' Sheep-run—We are in formed that the sheep-run of Messrs Ormerod Brothers, at IN'arra Coort, Musquito Plains, has been sold, with 21,000 sneep, for the sum of £24,000. The Attendance op Witnesses at Trials.—Mr Justice Booth by, in reply to some remarks from Mr Fisher, on Monday, complaining of the length of time witnesses were obliged to be in attendance, said he would consult with Judge Cooper to see if some arangements could not he made to remedy the inconveuience complained of. Pensions—There were eleven Civil List pensions granted last year. To Mr Hind, the astronomer, 200/ ; G A. Mantell, the geologist, 100/; Mrs Southey, (widow of the late Poet Laureate,) 200/; Mrs Taylor (widow of the late Colonel Taylor, killed at Sobraon), 1O0Z; F. Ronalds, for discoveries in electricity, &c.;, 75/; Mr Richardson, author, 751; Mrs Costello, authoress, 75/; Mrs Pugin, wife of R. W. Pugin, architect, 10C/; Mrs Colby, wife of Major-General Colby, 100Z; Mr Jerdau, " in consideration of his services to literature for many years, and his distressed circum stances at an advanced period of life," 100/ ; and Mrs Dunbar, widow of the late Professor of Greek in the University of Edinburgh, 75/. Echunga Gold Fields.—Mr Oom mis3oner Bonney rerurned last night from his usual monthly visit to this locality, for the purpose of renewing and issuing licenses. There is less doing there than on his last visit; the number of licenses issued by him, on this occasion being only twenty-four, against some thirty odd issued on his last visit. He states that a specimen of quicksilver found in the neighbourhood was shown him by one of the diggers, who has been located there for some time past. As there is no apparent motive for deception, there appears to be no ground for doubting the truth of the man's statement. Quicksilver has been discovered with gold in California. Man Drowned at the Port. — Nn Tuesday, one of the seaman of the Havilah, named Daniel Hunter, having received his pay from the Captain, went on shore about 5 p.m. It appears that he frequented several public houses, and got the worse for liquor, and on his returning to his vessel at 1 a.m., he fell between two ships, and was drowned. The police were immediately informed of the circumstance, and after a search of about 20 minutes, the body was found, but life was quite extinct. Mr Newland, in the absence of Mr Stevenson, examined several witnesses, and finding it was purely accidental, thought it unnecessary to cail an inquest. Grand Hebrew Marriage.—The usu ally tranquil neighbourhood of the Port Lin coln Hotel, Frankliu-street, was roused from its quiet yesterday by the festivities in honour the marriage of Jonas M. Myers, with Miss S. Benjamin, sister of the^lady of Samuel Hart, Esq.' The noble ball-room of the Port Lincoln Hotel was tastefully decorated with festoons of flowers, and brilliantly lighted for the occasion An elegant dejeune was furnished by Mr Gold sack, at which forty persons sat down. The bridal cake was a perfect picture, and certainly one of tbe most splendid ever seen in the colony, equalling '• Guntler'sbest style. There was a ball and supper in the evening, at which were present upwards of seventy ladies and gentlemen. The dresses of the ladies were superb. An excellent band *of music was in attendance, and the dancing was kept up to a late hour, when the company se parated, highly delighted with the entertain ments of the day. 