THE CONSTITUTION OF NEW SOUTH WALES. A PUBLIC meeting was held yesterday after- noon in the Victoria Theatre, convened by advertisement in accordance with the arrange- ments decided on at a preliminary meeting held about a fortnight since, to petition the Legislative Council to postpone the considera- tion of the New Constitution Bill, and to provide such measures as, failing the adoption of the petition, may tend most successfully to prevent that measure from finally passing into law. The meeting was very numerously attended—the pit and boxes, both upper and lower, being crowded. On the stage were assembled a large number of the most respectable and influential of the inhabitants of Sydney ; amongst whom might be conspicuously remarked the leading mer- chants of the city, who have hitherto studiously abstained from interference in political matters. On the motion of W. Browne, Esq., John Gilchrist, Esq., was voted by acclama- tion into the chair. The CHAIRMAN prayed the patience of the meeting for a few minutes previously to commencing the proceedings, as some gentle- men who it was arranged should take part in them had not yet arrived. In about five minutes, during which the audience remained quiet and expectant, The CHAIRMAN came forward, and, on the subsidence of very loud applause, opened the business of the day with the following observations :—When the un- expected proposition was made to me by the Committee that I should prende on this very important occasion, I felt that there were many gentlemen much better quali- fied to fill it, but as it appeared to be the unanimous wish of the Committee, I did not feel warranted in refusing it, and it is very gratifying to find the selection has been so warmly and cordially supported by this meet- ing. (Cheers.) It is now twenty-five years since I arrived in the colony ; and although many changes have taken place, and many im- portant measures been brought forward, I consider the one we are now assembled to discuss the most important of them all. I, like too many here, have been little more than a looker-on ; but the time has now arrived when every man who has any stake in the colony is called upon to express his opinion. (Cheers.) This colony is now assuming a very important position, and, as one of the proofs of it, the Home Government have sent out instructions to grant us a constitution to be framed hy our- selves, and in conformity with these instruc- tions a bill has been brought before the Legislative Council. We are indebted to the framers of this bill for the pains and labour they have bestowed on it, and although, no doubt, in accordance with their opinions and desires, still it must be borne in mind that they are but the representatives of the people, and that it is their duty to pause before passing such a measure, until the opinions and wishes of their constituents are expressed and known on the subject. The papers have lately furnished us with the opinions of some of the most eminent states- men in England on some of the most important principles set forth in the bill, and these opinions are useful in guiding us in forming our opinion. I therefore hope that this meeting is the signal for meetings to be held over the breadth and length of the colony, and that all parties will see the necessity of coming for- ward and unmistakably and decidedly expres- sing their opinions to guide their representa- tives in the course they desire they should adopt. (Great cheering) The period for which the proprietor has handsomely allowed us the use of this house being but short, I trust that those gentlemen who intend to address the meeting will be as brief as the importance of the subject will admit of ; and I also trust that the proceedings of this meeting will be marked with calmness, moderation, and firm- ness. (Cheers.) I will now call upon the Secretary to read the advertisement calling the meeting together. (Great cheering.) Mr. W. S. PIDDINGTON then came forward, and read the following advertise- ment : COLONISTS ! Will you submit to be robbed of your rights? (Shouts of No.) A Committee of the Legislative Council has passed a New Constitution, for the colony, by which it is pro- posed— 1\. To create a colonial nobility, with hereditary privi- leges. (Tremendous groans.) 2\. To construct an Upper House of Legislatura, in which the people will have no voice. (Great disappro- bation.) 3\. To add 18 new seats to the Lower House, only one of which is to be allotted to Sydney, while the other 17 are to be distributed among the country and squatting districts. (Disapprobatlon.) 4\. To squander the public revenue by pensioning off the officers of the Government at their full salaries, thus im- planting in our institutions a principle of endless jobbery and corruption. (Groans.) 6\. To fix this oligarchy, in the name of free institu- tions, on the people irrevocably, so that no future Legislature can reform It, even by an absolute majority. (Groans.) The Legislative Council have had the hardihood to pro- pose passing this unconstitutional and anti-British mea- sure with only a few days' notice, and before it can pos- sibly be considered by the colonists at large. (Great dis- approbation.) A great public meeting will be held this day, Monday, August 15, in the Royal Victoria Theatre, to resist this flagrant attack upon the public liberty. The chair will be taken at one o'clock. Colonists ! speak now, or for ever hold your peace. (Loud cheering ) The Chairman then called upon Mr. DARVALL to propose the first resolution, and the hon. and learned gentleman came forward and was received with immense applause. He said : The meeting of the men of Sydney now before him had assembled at a few hours' notice to redeem the colony, he hoped, from the reproach which had been too frequently, and perhaps too justly, thrown upon them of the wretched apathy they displayed in all matters relating to their political condition. He congratulated them on having on this occa- sion thrown off that reproach; he congratu- lated them that at this important crisis they had come forward manfully and with one voice, and seeing this, he for one now should never despair of the redemption of all the political liberties of the colony. Apathetic they might have been—they had been—but at this meeting he was proud to say they showed they were true to their trust as a British community— that they possessed that distinguishing charac- teristic of the British people, wherever their lot was cast in the world, that in the hour of dan- ger they were ready to do their duty. (Im- mense cheering.) He (Mr. Darvall) had been called on by many of his most intelligent and influential constituents to come forward and state his opinions in public on this great and important question, and although he had at first felt that generally it would be more proper, and more prudent, to discuss measures of legislation only on the floor of the House of which he was a member, maturer reflection had convinced him that there were times of emergency in which all feelings of delicacy must give way before the public good. He had felt that he should not be justified on this occasion in standing aloof from this great contest, in which they were now engaged. (Cheers.) He confessed, however, that a feeling of regret oppressed him at finding him- self in the position he now occupied. Gladly would he have seen in that position a man who had already served them often, and so well in times of need one who had been the founder of the liberties of the colony. Gladly, he repeated, would he have seen that man taking the lead in this movement, and not leaving it to him who had known them politically but for a few short years ; and he knew, too, full well, that a power and ability which he could not command, he would have brought into this great struggle. He had nothing to say against that gentleman's motives in the course he had taken. He had a right to believe they were as pure and as patriotic as his own, or thoee of any man in that meeting ; but he believed though his motives were good, his principles and opinions were wrong, and this too added to the pain he felt that the post of honour in this question, should be left to younger and weaker hands. It was needless for him to name the great man he alluded to.—they all knew who he meant (cries of yes! Wentworth, Wentworth! with vehement groaning on one side, and applause on the other). He would, at all events, tell them this, if they did not know him they must be a moit ungrateful multitude. Tney could not, he was sure, as British men, thus easily blot out the debt of gratitude which Mr. Wentworth's services to the colony must have, or ought to have, heaped upon their hearts (great cheering with partial groans ) He trusted they would not do themselves that dishonour which munt ensue from disowning those services, now that they had reaped all the advantage that could be reaped from them ; that they would not disfigure their own proceedings by any unfair and improper re- flections on a man, who once had served them so faithfully and so truthfully ; that they would not blur the principles they now professed, and which they had as- sembled to enforce, by abject personalities ; that they would not tarnish the fair achieve- ment they were met to accomplish, and which, by God's will, they would, in spite of all op- position, fully accomplish, by personal invec- tive or angry prejudice. (Tremendous cheers.) He told them that they would, they must, ac- complish this achievement. Let the voice of the colonists be heard upon it through the length and breadth of New South Wales, and he believed that voice would be unanimous al- most in opposition to the measure now pro- posed to be inflicted on them. The house they stood in, the nursery of the British Drama in this colony, and which by the spirited liberality of the proprietor had been placed at their dis- posal this afternoon ; might remind them of the high and noble sentiments of him, who, by his immortal genius, had made the British Drama what it was ; and he, who in his own soul-stirring words had told them Thrice is he armed who hath his quarrel just; And he but naked, though locked up in steel, Whose conscience with injustice is corrupted. And were they to be ashamed of their cause on this occasion ? Where they assembled to do any thing but what was right ? and had they any object of self-aggrandizement to spur them on to this movement? had they, in short any one object but to promote the welfare and the honour of their common country ? (Great applause.) There had been many arguments of different kinds brought forward in opposition to this movement. A daily paper had, for instance, declared that the opposition now offered to this Bill by many parties was inconsistent, and had raked up old documents to prove it so. Now he, for one, was prepared to admit the seeming inconsistency. When it was first pro- posed to frame a constitution for the colony, the first great object of those who really wished to assimilate the institutions of this colony to those of Great Britain was to separate entirely the nominee from the elective element in the Legislation of the country. They wished to adopt the great principle of the English con- stitution, of giving the disposal and distribu- tion of the funds of the country into the hands of the representatives of the people alone. They desired that the taxation and expendi- ture of the country should not be in any way interfered with by the nominees of the Crown. This was the great essential and fundamental principle of the constitution of England ; and when the proposal was first made to this country to frame a constitution for itself, what wonder, looking as they did with love, veneration, and admiration to the institutions of their mother country—that great community whose em- pire knew no limit, and which had diffused so widely the blessings of civilization and freedom, what wonder, he repeated, that they should look for the index to their onward progress in the precedents of their revered fatherland ? They then believed that the analogue of the British constitution would be best preserved by a House of Representatives and a House of Nominees. He confessed that four years ago he was of this opinion, and many of those whom he saw around him thought with him. But if, after four years' reflection and expe- rience, they felt that they were wrong—wrong not in the end they desired to attain, but in the means to attain it—why should they not shake off the errors they had fallen into ? Why should they not receive the lessons experience had taught them? (Cheers.) Of what use was it for mortal and erring man to live upon this earth if it were not to strive to correct to- morrow the errors of to-day? (Great ap- plause.) The whole nature of man was op- posed to any supposition of obstinate fixity of opinion. The motionless impulses of infancy were strengthened and invigorated in the grown man, and the rashness of manhood was sobered and chastened by the riper experience of old age. Therefore he thought the ground on which this argument of consistency was based was taken away; it ought to have no weight—it could have no weight with re- flective and conscientious men. He regarded it as naught (cheers). But he would ask, who was, of whatever age and experience, of what- ever genius and ability, who was not open to the charge of inconsistency in this question. They found at this day, noblemen of England, dis- tinguished but a few years ago by their exclu- sive tenets of conservatism, now openly declaiming that no house cf legislature— whether upper or lower—could work well, could be permanent, excepting that the repre- sentative element formed the basis of its con- stitution. They had arrived, by the experience which they had of the progress of the intelli- gence of the world, at the conclusion that no constitution formed otherwise would work, although a few short years ago they would have feared to contemplate these propositions. They found the select wisdom of the empire—the Privy Council of England— advocating the admission of this representative element into the upper chambers of the British colonies. They found Lord Grey and other statesmen, long versed in colonial politics, sharing in the same conviction. If, then, these changes hnd taken place in the minds of English statesmen, why should they not also take place here ? Why should not the same bright light of intelligence and wis- dom break in upon them in this new world as it had done in the old ? True, they had sug- gested before a constitution assimilated as they believed to the constitution of Great Iiritain, but which involved the pernicious principle of a nominee upper house. True they now abandoned that pernicious principle, because, with the wisest British statesmen they had arrived at the belief that no Government at all could exist which was not based on that respect, love, and confidence in the hearts of the people, which among Britons only free and representative institutions could secure. (Great applause.) No community of Britons would be content to be governed by any body, Legislative or Executive, that was not responsible to themselves ; and seeing this was the real principle of the glorious British Constitution—seeing that the principle of the representation of the people pervaded it throughout—they had done right—if their object was right before—in preserving that object, and abandoning the means they found were inefficient to attain it. What was the House which, under the proposed Constitu- tion Bill they would possess ? A House of nominees alike irresponsible to the Sovereign and to the people. Now the whole page of history went to show that all nominee institu- tions must tend to corruption and decay (cheers) ; that there was no safety, no se- curity, no permanency in any form of govern- ment which did not involve that responsibility which made men look forward to reward for their virtues and good achievements, and to punishment and condemnation for their evil ones, both here and hereafter. It was, there- fore, because it was necessary to assimilate the constitution of this country to that of England that he repudiated the principle of nomineeism. The spirit of the British con- stitution was, he believed, essentially represen- tative in all its branches. True, they had a House of Lords. But that House of Lords, in its origin, in its growth, in its insti- tutions, had no analogy with this proposed house of nominees. The House of Lords derived its right as a branch of the Legislature from its own demand, from the rights which those Lords held under feudal institutions. The House of Peers was created by no imposition of royal hands, by no appointment of the supreme power. It was a class of the people, and it sprang into oppo- sition to the Crown, the moment its liberties and privileges were invaded by the Crown, and it established itself as a resistant and correct- ing power over the Crown. The Lords at the sword's point, obtained from the King a mea- sure of popular freedom, different in degree, but in principle the same, as that which they were now contending for. It was the first admission of the popular element into the sovereign rule. Since that memorable occasion the influence of the House had been felt in England, and though like all bodies they had at times succumbed to enervating and corrupt- ive influences—they had generally stood as a great conservative body,—conservative of the liberties of the country,—between the encroach- ments of the Crown and the licentiousness of the people. No doubt these were the reasons why, in the progress of popular freedom, the House of Lords had not been abolished, and no doubt the advocates of an upper and irresponsible House asked why, if such an institution had worked ill for constitu- tional freedom in England, it had not been abolished. He thought he had shown suffici- ently that in origin, in structure, in growth, and in interests of its own, the House of Lords was essentially different from the body pro- posed to be erected here. But in this argu- ment it must not be overlooked that great statesmen had paused to consider whether it would not be advisable to abolish that body, the influence of which depended alone on the wealth, wisdom, education, and intelligence of its members, and any assimilation to which could never be created in this colony. He be- lieved, therefore, that the erection of a house of nominees would be no assimilation to the venerable constitution of the mother country ; it would be a futile attempt to sasimilate in form, in perfect defiance of what he contended to be the soul of that constitution,—the repre- sentative principle. Let them, if they sought for argument in support of opposition to this proposed Bill, look at the working of the nominee system amongst themselves. They found the nominees now in their Legislative Council, men, who in their private and personal capacities were as much respected, as effective and influential for public improvement and public good, as any other set of individuals in the country. But no sooner did they become branded with those fatal letters contained in the word nominee, than the respect which attached to them, the influence they exercised, were gone. If these same men had been returned by the popular voice, even had it been for remote country districts, they would have remained useful and respected members of the Legislature and of the com- munity ; but they were unfortunately de- stroyed by the unfortunate caress which made them nominees. (Cheers.) In this united effort to obtain their rights he saw an assurance of success which gladdened him. Such a meeting as the present sending up its protest against the bill, asking for time for deliberation till the country should have spoken out, would have far greater effect than any individual pleading could have. (Cheers.) At all events he felt sure that if this meeting of itself did nothing else, it would at least gain time; and on a question of so much importance this was a matter of the highest importance. He believed they were all agreed, the supporters and framers of the Bill, as well as those who opposed it, that it was most desirable that they should possess in this colony all those advantages which were afforded by the English Govern- ment. Whether these advantages could best be afforded under a republic or under a limited monarchy, he would not pretend to say ; nor did it appear to him of much consequence whether the supreme authority in the country was vested in a limited president or a limited king or limited queen, so long as the privileges of the people were concerned. (Enthusiastic cheers.) But, looking forward to the future, he could not but forebode many dangers in establishing or attempting to establish any form of government that was not based on popular and representative principles. Any other more despotic form of Government could only arise after a period of frightful confusion, and anarchy, and bloodshed, in the midst of of which, and as a relief from it, a military despotism would be established and sub- mitted to. He had no desire to go through that frightful season of anarchy,— he did not wish to see that military despotism, —and now was the time when, if they would shun these things, they must avoid them. They had now to choose for themselves, and he cared little whether they chose to be go- verned as a republic or as a monarchy. He had confidence in Anglo-Saxon wisdom, An- glo- Saxon courage, Anglo-Saxon spirit, to enable the British people to govern themselves well in whatever part of the world they might be thrown together. They would always show that respect, and obedience, and love to the Government under which they lived, because, under the representative system, the Govern- ment would be appointed by themselves. (Cheers.) Another argument which had been made use of by the supporters of the constitu- tional meisures brought up by the Committee was, that, if the nominee element should happen to work injuriously, it might be easily altered. He could conceive no argument more fallacious than this. It was an argu- ment that, if they did what was wrong now, and suffered for it hereafter, they might then and there, in fact, do that wrong. A weaker reason for adopting a wrong course could not have been adduced. If they were to legislate at all, let them at least endeavour to legislate on right principles, not on mere expediency, leaving it to the chapter of accidents to determine whether their measures would work well or ill. They might, if they adopted this unprincipled ex- pediency, alter it hereafter—but how ? It might be after bloodshed, and anarchy, and confusion. But now they had the opportunity peacefully to settle this great question, by a quiet, firm, and deliberate consideration of their own wants and their own wishes to de- termine for themselves what form of govern- ment was best suited to them. They had that day the most glorious opaoitunity which he believed had been offered to any free and enlightened community in the world,—to say under what form of government they would consent to live. They were at this moment, if they would be firm, the arbiters of their own destinies, and were called on now to frame for themselves the form of government under which they would wish their children to live. (Cheers.) But let them seriously think on the work they had in hand. Let them remember that they were about to frame a Constitution for the great Australian empire—not for the present only, but to last, and probably determine the destiny of that empire for all time. (Immense cheering.) He wished not to appeal to their feelings or their affections on a question of this sort ; ha asked them to consult their reason—to look back to history, and say from the experience of the past what form of Government was best suited to them. (Cheers ) With regard to the im- mediate question before them it stood thus. Last session it was under the consideration of the Council, but it was postponed. There had been no general election since, and conse- quently the people had had no opportunity of expressing their feelings and wishes upon it. In a question in which they were the parties most materially concerned, the constituencies ought to be consulted, ought to have a voice. He could suggest a very constitutional way of dealing with this question, and that was, to dissolve the Council and appeal to the electors at large. (Immense cheering, mingled with cries of "out with Wentworth—out with Wentworth.") No ! no ! if the Council were dissolved twenty times over, let them depend upon it that William Charles Wentworth was the man for them, the man they ought to return. (Tremendous uproar, with, cries of "out with Wentworth.") Mr. Wentworth was not pre- sent, and if for that reason only they ought to speak of him only as he deserved. (Con- tinued uproar, which listed some time, but as it subsided Mr. Darvall continued ) When the spirit of liberty breathed for the first time in Australia—when there was no press—when an absolute despotism prevailed—when society was shackled by a system of convict discipline, when no one ventured to lift his voice in behalf of the Briton's freedom here, who was it then dared to epeak for the liberties of Australia ? (Bursts of cheers, with some groans, which lasted for some time.) There is no danger now to me to speak for your rights, to demand and claim them ; there is no danger to those who you have so loudly applauded : but there was danger to him—danger dared and en- countered—and but for that noble hearted courage they would not have been assembled to exercise the glorious right they were met to assert, of determining their own form of government. (Cheers.) But to return : he repeated, if it were necessary, if there were no other way of warding off this Bill, they ought to petition to dissolve the Council, and if they did so, he felt sure the Governor-General, who had always evinced so strong a desire to meet their wishes, would give effect to their demand. (Great uproar and cries of "no, no.") He re- peated this was his belief; but he asked them could they be so unreasonable as to suppose that everything, or even anything, that he could say would meet with their unanimous approval. He wished particularly to avoid as much as possible all exceptionable topics, but there must be some on which opinions would differ. If their feelings and wishes were not attended to by the Legislature, he repeated this was the course they ought to take—a course which would be perfectly con- stitutional, and which he believed the Govern- ment must assent to. How, indeed, could the Government send home word to the British cabinet that it had taken the sense of the country on this great question without first listening to the appeal of the community with- out the Council. There had, however, as yet been no proposition for an adjournment of the consideration of the matter, and he believed, whenever made, that proposi- tion would be assented to. But they must also remember that the proposition for a dissolution of the Council would involve the postponement of the whole matter for another year, and this delay might, and probably would, be most mischievously environing the question with new difficulties. But he quite agreed that time should be given for the country to speak out, and that no danger should not be dared if the legislature disregarded the voice of the people. He could not describe the proposed measure in terms more appropriate than were used in a letter to him from one of his most intelligwnt consti- tuents. That correspondent called the Bills unconstitutional and disreputable, and he thought that was a true description of them. What possible good could be derived fiom the establishment of an Upper House, if that Upper House waa not to possess the respect of the country. It must, if it were not to be a mere idle toy, have some functions to perform ; and how could these functions be exercised effi- ciently by a body that did not possess the confidence of the oountry, True, it was said this House would support the authority of the Crown ; but the Legislative Council could at all times swamp this House of nominees. They could declare it should consist of more members ; and degraded indeed the members of such a body must feel, speaking and voting for nobody, and feeling that they were liable at any moment thus to be set aside by the vote of the popular body. But if this body might at the outset be somewhat respectable, it would grow worse as it grew older. Useless in its infancy, it would become feeble in its man- hood, and helpless and decrepid in its old age. The larger it became in numbers, the more abject and contemptible would the position of its members become, He should not de- tain them longer. Indeed, considering the limited time they had at their command, he had to apologise for trespassing so long. But the course they had to adopt was, first to peti- tion the Council for delay ; if that were not granted, to petition his Excellency the Go- vernor-General to dissolve the Council ; and failing in that, to petition the Queen and Par- liament not to give these unconstitutional measures the effect of law. He now moved— 1\. That the proposed Constition Bill is radically de- fective and opposed to the wishes and interests of the inhabitants of this colony, who believe that a Repre- sentative legislature, consisting of two Elective Cham- ber, will alone possess that stability, energy, and use- fulness which is maintained by public confidence, and without which no Government can permanently exist. The honorable and learned gentleman, on resuming his seat, was loudly applauded. Mr. ROBERT JOHNSON seconded the resolution. After the very eloquent, argumen- tative, and conclusive speech to which they had just listened, he felt it was not necessary for him to add anything in support of it. The arguments made use of by the honorable and learned gentleman who preceded him, were so forcible and so convincing that for him to urge them further would only be to weaken their effect. It would therefore be unnecessary for him to detain them only for a few brief obser- vations in addition to the excellent advocacy the resolution had already received. The only question which they had really to consider was, whether they would be assenting parties to a measure which would render perpetual this form of nominee legislation. This was really the effect of this measure ; if these bills were passed into law, they could be got rid of only by some outbreak of political strife and anarchy which had been so forcibly described by the previous speaker. He believed the principle on which these bills were based, and the argu- ments by which they were supported, were alike totally unprecedented. He felt as an old colonist—one of long standing in the colony; and on the part of the colonists he repudiated any engagement to take the constitution of Canada or any other con- stitution. They were, he believed, an active intelligent community, quite competent to decide for themselves what their form of go- vernment ought to be (Great cheers). He was not one of that class of politicians who were distinguishrd by the appellation of radicals. He openly avowed this, as he did not wish to sail under false colours. But he was one of that class of politicians who called themselves Conservatives, and he believed no Government could be really conservative which was not based on popular represantation ; which did not comprehend as a part of its existence the views, feelings, and interests of the community at large. There was no legislative body that could exist, the principle of whose constitution was mere nomination. The public would have no confidence in their acts; they themselves could have no confidence in their own acts, for he did not believe that any body of twenty or five-and-twenty men appointed by the Queen or by the Governor-General would veuture to oppose the voice of the people. They would therefore be a miserably insignifi- cant and unimportant body. True it was that the first Council that might be ap- pointed would probably contain a large number of gifted and able men, but it would very soon degenerate. The talent, the desire to be useful, in such a degraded body would soon wear out, and then, if these measures were carried out, the nominee system would be perpetuated in its inefficiency. He fully ad- mitted that this was a most difficult question, and one which they ought not to decide on hastily. He concurred also entirely with the previous speaker, that they ought not to im- pute motives to those who differed in opinions from them. But they had a perfect right on a question of this importance, in which they were all interested, to canvass the opinions which were adverse to their own views, and which he firmly believed were opposed to the wishes of the great mass of the people through- out the colony. (Cheers.) And he believed, moreover, that if they acted firmly, calmly, and resolutely, that they must carry out their measures. (Cheers.) But it was not by per- sonal abuse that they would assist this cause. As for their member for the City, Mr. Went- worth, although he disagreed with his views on this question, he quite agreed with all that had been said of the gratitude due to him for former services by the previous speaker. (Up- roar.) Nor did he think that they ought to judge him too hastily. Even on this question—on the first scintilla- tion of popular opinion in regard to the Con- stitutional Bills—he had at once openly declared in his place in the Council, that he was not wedded to the details of those measures, and that he was prepared to throw overboard many of the most objectionable of them. When the honorable members took into full consideration all the changes which had taken place in the colony—all the public events which had crowded upon them so rapidly, and in which he had taken the lead solong, he yet hoped he would be induced to turn once again to that popular cause of which, for a long series of years, he was at once the champion and the ornament. (Great uproar.) They could not, they must not, in their warmth of feeling on this question, forget the great services that had been readered to them. They would not advance either cause by displaying ingratitude. Let them calmly, earnestly if they liked, discuss the question with their antagonists ; but, he repeated, they could do no good hy imputing motives. (Uproar and cheers.) With respect to nomineeism of all kinds, in all British institutions, he considered it a defunct principle. It was given up by all the great statesman of the world, and particularly was it denounced by those English statesmen who now swayed the destinies of the empire. Another point he must allude to. He entirely denied that they were bound by any compact made by the Legislative Council to accept the Constitution of Canada. Even if the colonists could have entered into any such compact through their representatives, they were com- pletely exonerated from it,—by the opinions which had been expressed on the subject by the Ministry of England, the leading members of which had expressed their convictions that by representative institutions alone, in every grade, could the British colonists assimilate their forms of government to the constitution of Great Britain ; and that every attempt to frame a permanent, a free, and a powerful government for a British community on any other basis, must utterly fail in any part of the world (Cheers). Mr. HENRY PARKES (who was received with loud cheers) came forward to move the following resolution : That this meeting earnestly protests against any attempt, in the hasty manner now proposed in the Legislative Council, to impose a constitution on the colony which is framed in direct opposition to the wishes of the people. In moving this resolution, he said that, although the arrangements of the day would not allow the speakers to occupy much time, it would be unbecoming to move a resolution condemnatory of the proceedings of the legis- lature of the colony without offering some remarks in support of a motion involving a question of so much importance. (Hear.) The meeting had been convened for the pur- pose of entering a protest against the proceed- ings of the constituted legislature of the colony,—a step not to be taken lightly, because respect for the high functions which the elected representatives of the people had engaged to perform demanded that not on trifling grounds should their conduct be called into question. They were a body brought into existence by the people's own voice, and their proceedings must be considered with the gravest consideration. (Hear, hear.) In re- ferring to the manner in which the most important measure had been treated by the Legislative Council, he must in the first place refer to the manner in which the Constitu- tion Committee had been appointed; and in so doing he assuredly would say that he did not concur in the remarks of previous speakers who deprecated the attributing of evil motives to the committee ; for he, Mr. Parkes, did not believe that the committee either met or deli- berated with the best intentions. (Loud and prolonged cheers.) When that committee was first appointed, the name of Mr. Charles Cowper (very probably deemed a troublesome opponent) was left out ; whilst that of Mr. Morris, a young gentleman, not boasting much experience in making constitutions, but familiarly known in the Council as "Went- worth's Echo," was thrust in. (Loud laughter.) Now, he (Mr. Parkes) fully admit- ting Mr. Wentworth's high ability, would ask this question :—On what ground did he pro- pose the name of the youngest and least ex- perienced member of the Council to be placed on a Committee whose duties were to consider the most momentous question ever considered by the Legislature of New South Wales, and studiously exclude the name of one of the oldest and ablest members of that House? (Loud cries of hear) It was true that, inas- much as the Council afterwards resolved that the Committee should be chosen by ballot, the injustice done to Mr. Cowper was redressed. (Cheers.) But among the names so chosen was that of the Colonial Secretary, (Groans.) and he (Mr. P.) denied the right of any no- minee of the Crown to have a voice in a ques- tion of this kind—a question to be considered alone by those who had authority from the people. (Prolonged cheers.) Nomineeism was bad enough, vicious enough of itself, and in creating a new order of things it must be done by the representatives of the people, and not by the nominated creatures of the Crown. (Loud cheers.) He (Mr. P.) therefore denied the right of the present Legislative Council of this colony (including, as it does, a numerical influence of nominees) to frame a new Consti- tution. (Renewed applause.) A body dele- gated by the people themselves should be en- trusted with this duty. (Hear.) And in illustration of the force of this proposition, could he refer to anything more palpable than the monstrous production, the proposed New Constitution Bill, which, if adopted, would lose for New South Wales its status as one of the greateat nations of the world ? (Hear.) Referring to the published abstract of the proceedings of the Select Committee on the New Constitution, he (Mr. Parkes) would ask his hearers if anything could be more con- temptible ? Doing and undoing, saying and unsaying, the members proving themselves to be what Daniel O'Connell called "pickled youngsters." (Loud laughter.) Take one example. At the second meeting of the Committee, the fallowing question, among others, was put. "Do the counties of Cook and Westmoreland require additional re- presentation ?" This was negatived by the vote of the Colonial Secretary, the Attorney- General, Mr. Cowper, Dr. Douglas and Mr. M'Leay, against the one single solitary vote of Mr. James Martin. (Groans, laughter, and hisses.) Now would any community in the civilised world believe that at the very next meeting of this precious commitine, the vote thus solemnly recorded by a majority of five to one, was rescinded, and that the motion for the addition of another member for Cook and Westmoreland was carried unanimously. (Groans and hisses.) He (Mr. Parkes) did think that some little attention to common decency might have been observed. (Hear, hear, hear.) And he asked that meeting, whether men who could twist and turn about in so childish and unseemly a manner were fit to deliberate upon, and to frame a Constitution by which the colonists and their children's children were to be governed ? (Loud cries of hear.) He (Mr. Parkes) had been informed, on tolerably good authority, that in the first draft of the Constitution Committee's Report there was a clause recommending that one of its body should be sent home with plenary and illimitable powers to take care of this Bill. (Loud laughter.) Who this patriotic custodian ot the committee's product was to be would be a question not dif- ficult to solve. (Hear.) William Charles Wentworth was of course to be the happy and honoured statesman ; and, doubtless, with an allowance of some £3000 or £4000 of the money of the colonists, that honorable, and learned, and exemplary representative of the people would, either in London or some of the gay cities of continental Europe, contrive to pass every agreeable season or two. (Loud laughter.) Of the indecent haste with which it was proposed to hurry so important a mea- sure through Council, he (Mr, Parkes) had scarcely patience to speak ; it was like break- ing into the security of the colony and stealing its liberty in the dead of the night. (Hear, hear, hear.) But resolutely and nobly had the citizens of Sydney and the colonists at large resisted the invaders. Meetings had been suddenly convened in all quarters ; and he (Mr. Parkes) would say that never in the whole course of his experienee had he ever been present at a more numerous and influential meeting, either here or in the mother country than the meeting which he then had the honour to address. (Hear.) Strange was it that in these days a legislature was to be found recom- mending a form of constitution which legisla- tors in all other parts of the world were en- deavouring to get rid of, and recklessly disregarding every principle of financial economy, proposing the pensioning off, at full salaries, public officers; young men in the prime of life, and fully capable to perform their public duties. (Groans.) Then as to the wicked distribution of the representation to which he had just adverted. As regarded Cook and Westmoreland, he could easily ima- glne a colloquy between Messrs. Wentworth and Martin in the library, the former suggest- ing, "Well, Martin, you move that Sydney have but one additional member, and I'll vote for an additional number for Cook and West- moreland." (Laughter and groans.) Both votes were successful ; and on the rame me- morable day the patriotic members of this very select committee agreed that four additional members be added to the four squatting dis- tricts of the Murrumbidgee, the Lachlan, Lower Darling, Liverpool Plains, and New England and M'Leay. (Groans.) He (Mr. Parkes) did not for one moment deny that the squatters had not their full right to be represented in the Legislature ; but was that a fair representation which made no distinction between the great commercial, the populous city of Sydney, and the sheep walks of New England? (Loud cries of hear.) How were the elections at these squattages conducted ? Perhaps out of ten licensed occupiers of these pastoral lands, three met, and elected to a seat in Council a member whose vote was equal to that of a member for Sydney or the metropolitan county. (Loud cries of hear.) Why, this was a much worse state of things than existed in England before the passing of the Reform Bill. In those days, in the majority of cases of borough in- fluence, men of talent and high capacity for legislation were sent into the House of Com- mons by the patrons of the boroughs ; but, unhappy contrast ! here the most useless persons were chosen by the sheepowners. (Loud laughter.) It was actually a matter of joke amongst those who were now watching the progress of this unconstitutional scheme, that one of the leading members of the squatting districts had urged his particular desire that this tedious matter of constitu- tional law should be got over as soon as possible, for he really wanted to get back to his sheep. (Shouts of laughter.) Mr. Marsh, the honorable member for New England, was the gentleman he alluded to, and whether New England wanted an additional member to stay away and look after his flocks, or to come down and act the part of a sheepish dummy in council was a very delicate question. (Renewed laughter). The meeting would recollect that when Mr. Wentworth moved the first reading of the Bill, he deprecated any discussion upon it ; it was too grave and important a measure to be considered in a hasty debate ; the cry then was,—"Wait a little longer." The de- sign was to keep off all discussion until the last moment, and then precipitate the measure through the House (Hear, hear.) Talk of candour on the part of the authors of this Bill ! He, (Mr. Parkes) could not see it. As well might you call a dealer candid who asks you £5 for that which he is quite ready to sell to you for £2. As well might you call that pick- pocket candid who, finding you too strong for him when he tries to rob you of your purse, tells you that you are welcome to keep it. (Cheers). Candour, forsooth ! It had been stated that the framers of the Bill were disposed to con- cede certain points—that they were not averse to review their iniquitous proposal in regard to the distribution of the 18 seats about to be vacated by the Crown nominees. Why, was not this adding an insult of the most detestable character to injury ? (Loud and prolonged applause.). If Sydney were now deemed by these legislators to be of importance and worth enough to send six members to the Legislature, was she not equally important and worthy when they moved and passed a resolution that she was to have but one additional membsr ? (Renewed cheers.) Could any trust be placed in the Legislative Council as now constituted, when such gross and flagrant inconsistency was unblushingly displayed ? (No, no.) He (Mr. Parkes) therefore contended that only by the firm and united resistance of the colo- nists was the tyrannical attempt of the Council to be met. By public meetings, assembling over and over again, by petitions to the Imperial Parliament, and by other legitimate means, he implored the colonists, as they remembered the glorious teachings of the illustrious dead in their fatherland, as they valued the services of the eminent statesmen of modern England, to resist the present at- tempt to continue to rivet the fetters of this long misgoverned colony. (Loud cheers.) Mr. J. B. MONTEFIORE seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. Mr BLIGH, M.L.C., then came forward to move the following resolution. That this meeting pledges itself to resist, by every con- stitutional means in its power, the formation of any second chamber which is not based upon popular suffrage. The hon. gentleman said that although, as a member of the Legislature it would be his privilege to express in his place in Council his opinion as to the demerits of the Bill whose provisions were then under the consideration of that meeting, he nevertheless felt that it was his duty to come forward and assist in so great a demonstration of public opinion. (Cheers.) He believed that in the Council a powerful party was in favour of the measure in its full integrity (groans), but when the voice so nobly raised out of doors made itself heard within the walls of that chamber it would bring to the good cause recruits from the ranks of the waverers, and make the most bigotted of the enemies of freedom pause. (Loud cheers.) If the latter were present then, and beheld the unanimity of the large audience assembled in that theatre, would they have the hardihood to attempt to pass this Bill ? (Prolonged cheers.) If the result of to-morrow's (to-night's) debate showed that the opinions of such an assembly were regarded as nought, then it would be the duty of the colonists to petition the Queen and both houses of Parliament, and by every other constitutional means seek to avert so mon- strous an attack upon their liberties. (Cheers.) With reference to the notion sought to be in- stilled into the minds of the colonists, that the Council was pledged to frame a constitution in a form similar to that of Canada, he (Mr. Bligh) desired to invite the attention of the meeting. Sir John Pakington, in his despatch of the 15th of December last, had emphatically adverted to the feeling entertained by the then advisers of the Crown, that, while it had become more urgently neces- sary than heretofore to place full powers of self- government in the hands of a people thus ad- vanced in wealth and prosperity ; that people had, on the other hand, given signal evidence of their fitness to regulate their own affairs. He further intimated that ministers had arri- ved at the conclusion that, under the new and rapidly changing circumstances of New South Wales, the time had come at which it was their duty to advise Her Majesty that the adminis- tration of the waste lands of the colony should be transferred to the Colonial Legislature after those changes in its Constitution had been effected which were adverted to in the Petition of the Legislative Council of New South Wales, transmitted with Sir Charles Fitz Roy's Despatoh of the 15th of January last. Well, upon the proposed reform in the Constitution of this colony, Sir John Pakington made some general remarks expressive of the approval by the then ministry of what at that time appeared to be the desire of the local legislature, to have a constitution similiar in its outlines to that of Canada, and stated that, with a view to the most simple and expedi- tious mode of completing the whole trans- action, it was the wish of Her Majesty's government that the Council should establish the new Legislature on the basis of an Elective Assembly, and a Legislative Council to be nominated by the Crown. This, it would be seen by the meeting, was a mere expression of opinion by the Colonial Minister of the day, expressing concurrence with what he believed to be the wish of the colonists, but certainly not exacting any pledge from them through their representatives, (hear, hear). So far from any pledge being rcorded in the annals of the Colonial Office, Sir John Pakington's iuccessor, the Duke of Newcastle, in his despatch to Sir Charles Fitz Roy, dated only one short month after that of the right honor- able baronet, says, "I am ignorant of the shape which the project under the consideration of the Committee of the Council may eventually assume. The Legislative Council, indeed, in the petition before adverted to, favoured a con- stitution similar in its outline to that of Canada. It would be premature for me, without materials for forming a judgment, to pass an opinion upon totally reconstructing the form of govern- ment recently established ; but I may state, that I have always thought it probable that the experience and wisdom of the Council would dictate better provisions than Parliament for securing good government in New South Wales, and promoting harmony in the connec- tion subsisting between Great Britain and this important province of the empire."—(Loud cheers.) Now he (Mr. Bligh) fearlessly asked whether these remarks of the noble Duke gave the slightest authority to those who professed to believe that the Council was pledged to frame a constitution similar to that of Canada ? (Loud cries of hear.) With reference to hasty legislation on this most important matter, he (Mr.B.) would only refer to Mr. Wentworth him- self, who had already in his place in Coun- cil admitted that great division of opinion pre- vailed both within and without the Council in respect to the questions of a nominated or elective House of Assembly. He had depre- cated peremptory legislation on a subject of such paramount importance, and whereupon there were such conflicting opinions ; and yet he now seemed bent upon forcing on a measure, so comprehensive in its ramifica- tions and its details, that but very few indeed of the colonists could possibly have had the time to consider it. (Hear, hear.) But now, as then, a great diversity of opinion pre- vailed, and he (Mr. Bligh) felt that it was the imperative duty of the Legislature to pause, when a large, respectable, and influential por- tion of the community was expressing its dis- sent from the main principle of the Bill whose second reading was fixed for to-morrow (to- day). (Loud cries of hear.) There seemed to be a fear in certain quarters of the increase of democratic power ; but had the principle of a nominated Upper House of Assembly the tendency to check that power ? No ! (Cheers.) And with reference to the fallacy of attempting to check democracy by legislation, he (Mr. Bligh) would, in conclusion, quote a pasaage from a late speech of Lord John Russell. The noble lord observed that it had been said last year, (and he thought it was a proof of little wis- dom in him who said it) that he would endea- vour to rule the British empire so as to check the advance of democracy. Depend upon it, that the ruler who sets himself to check the advance of democracy will but augment the influence of the power against which he sets himself. If you will consult the interests of the people you will make democracy conserva- tive; you will carry democracy with you instead of having it to oppose you as an enemy. "This," added his lordship, "ap- pears to me the policy for Pailiament to pur- sue." To these remarks of Lord John Russell he (Mr. Bligh) would invite the careful atten- tion of those who feared to allow the working of the elective element in the formation of a second chamber ; and, thanking the meeting for their patient hearing, he begged to move the resolution which had been confided to his hands. (Loud cheers.) Mr. DENIEHY seconded the resolution. Why he had been selected to speak to the pre- sent resolution he knew not, save that as a native of the colony he might naturally be ex- pected to feel something like real interest, and to speak with something like real feeling on a question connected with the political institu- tions of the country. He would do his best to respond to that invitation "Speak up," and would perhaps balance deficiencies flowing from a small volume of voice by in all cases calling things by their right names. (Cheers.) He protested against the present daring and unheard-of attempt to tamper with a funda- mental popular right—that of having a voice in the nomination of men who were to make, or control the making of, laws binding on the community—laws perpetually shifting, and changing the nature of the whole social economy of a given state, and frequently operating in the subtlest forms on the very dearest interests of the citizen—on his domestic, his moral, perhaps his religious relations. The name of Mr. Wentworth had frequently been mentioned there that day, and that on one or two occasions with an unwise tenderness, a squeamish reluctauce to speak plain English, and call certain nasty doings of Mr. Went- worth by the usual homely appellatives, simply because they were Mr. Wentworth's. He for one was nowise disposed, as preceding speakers had seemed, in tapping the vast shoulder of Mr. Wentworth's political recre- ancies, to "d—n him with faint praise and mistimed eulogy." (Loud cheers.) He had lis- tened from boyhood upwards to grey tradition, Mr. Wentworth's demagogic Areopagitas—his speches for the liberty of unlicensed printing regime of Darling ; and for these and divers other deeds of a time when the honorable member for Sydney had to the full his share of the chivalrous pugnacities of five-and-twenty, he was as much disposed to give Mr. Went- worth credit as any man. But with these per- petual fantasias, these everlasting variations on the "Light of other Days," continually ring- ing in his ears, he (Mr. D.) was fain to inquire by what rule of moral and political appraisal, it was sought to throw in a scale opposite to that containing the flagrant and shameless political dishonesty of years, the democratic escapades, sins long since repented of in early youth. (Loud cheers.) The subsequent poli- tical conduct—rather the systematic political principles of Mr. Wentworth—had been such as would have been sufficient to cancel the value of even a century of action. The British Con- stitution had been frequently spoken of that afternoon in terms of unbounded laudation. That Constitution certainly deserved to be spoken of with respect ; he (Mr. D.) respected it, no doubt they all respected it. But his was a qualified respect at best, and in all presumed assimilations of the political hypotheses of our colonial Constitution-makers with the Consti- tution of Great Britain, he warned them not be seduced by mere words and phrases—sheer "talkee talkee." Relatively, it was not only an admirable example of slowly growing and gradually elaborated political experience, ap- lied, set in action, but it was also eminent and exemplary as a long history, still evolv- ing, of political philosophy. But it was after all but relatively good for its wonderfully successful fusion of principles the most antagonistic. Circumstances entirely alter cases, and he would warn them to be seduced by no mere vague association exhaled from the use of venerable phrases, that had, what phrases now-a-days seldom could boast, genuine meanings attached to them. The patrician element existed in the British Constitution as did the regal, for good reasons—it had stood in the way of all later legislatorial thought and operation as a great fact ; as such it was handled, and in a deep and prudential spirit of conservatism allowed to stand but as affecting the basis and founda- tion of the architecture of a Constitution—the elective principle neutralized for all detri- mental influence, by conversion, practically, into a mere check upon the deliberations or the initiative section of the Legislature. (Loud cheers.) And having the right to frame, to em- body, to shape it as we would, with no great stubborn facts to work upon as in England, there was nothing but the elective principle and the inalienable freedom of every colonist, upon which to work out the whole organisa- tion and body of our political institution. (Loud cheers.) But because it was the good pleasure of Mr. Wentworth and the respect- able tail of that puisant Legislative body, whose serpentine movements (loud laughter) were so ridiculous, we were not to form our own Constitution, but instead of this we were to have an Upper House and a Constitution cast upon us, upon a pattern which should suit the taste and propriety of polítical oligarchs, who treated the people at large as if they were cattle to be bought and sold in the market (loud cheers) ; or as they indeed were in American slave States, and now in Australian markets (tremendous cheer- ing), where we might find bamboosled coolies and kidnapped Chinamen. (Im- mense applause.) And being in a figurative humour, he might endeavour to make some of the proposed nobility to pass before the stage of our imagination, as the ghost of Banquo walked along in the vision of Macbeth, so that we might have a fair view of these harlequin aristocrats (laughter), these Botany Bay mag- nificos (laughter), these Australian mandarins, (roars of laughter.) Let them walk across the stage in all the pomp and circumstances of here- ditary titles. First, then, in the procession stalks the hoary Wentworth. But he could not imagine that to such a head the strawberry leaves would add any honour. (Cheers.) Next came the native aristocrat Mr. James Macar- thur, he would he supposed, aspire to the coronet of an earl, he would call him the Earl of Camden, and he suggests for his coat of arms a field vert, the heraldic term for green—(great cheers and laughter)—and emblazoned on this field should be rum keg of a New 8outh Wales order of chivalry. There was also the colonial starred Terence Aubrey Murray, with more crosses and orders—not perhaps orders of merit—than a state of mandarinhood. (Loud laughter.) Another friend who claimed a colonial title was George Robert Nichols, the hereditary Grand Chancellor of all the Aus- tralias. (Roars of laughter.) Behold him in the serene and moody dignity of that portrait of Rodias' that smiled on us in all the public-house parlours—(loud laughter)—the gentleman who took Mr. Lowe to task for altering his opinions ; this conqueror in the lists of jaw, and the victor in the realms of gab. (It might be well to ridicule the doings of such a clique, but their doings merited burning indignation—yet, to speak seriously of such a project would too much resemble the Irishman's kicking at nothing, it wrenched one horribly. (Laughter.) But, though their weakness was ridiculous, he could assure them that these pigmies might do a great deal of mischief. They would bring contempt on a country whose interest he was sure they all had at heart, until even the poor Irishman in the streets of Dublin would fling his jibe at the Botany Bay aristocrats. In fact, he was puzzled how to classify them. They could not aspire to the miserable and effete dignity of the grandees of Spain. (Laughter.) They had antiquity of birth, but these he would defy any naturalist properly to classify them. But perhaps it was only a specimen of the remark- able contrariety that existed at the Anti- podes. Here they all knew the common water mole was transferred into the duck- billed platy- pus, and in some distant emulation of this degene- ration, he supposed they were to be favoured with a bunyip aristocracy. (Great laughter.) He trusted that this was only the beginning of a more extended movement, and from its auspicious commencement he augured the happiest results. (Cheers.) A more orderly, united, and consolidated movement he had never witnessed. He must say that he was proud to belong to Botany Bay. He took it as no term of reproach, when he saw that there was such a keen sensibility on the subject of their political rights—(cheers)—that the instant the liberties of their country were threatened, they could assemble, and, with one voice, declare their determined and undying opposition. (Cheers.) But he would remind them that this was not a selfish consideration, there were wider interests at stake. In the present disturbed state of Europe, they must calculate on having to receive the poor Russian flying from the knout of his oppressor. (Cheers.) And also, looking at the gradually increasing pres- sure of political parties at home, they must prepare to open their arms and receive the fugi- tives from England, Scotland, and Ireland, who would hasten to gain a security and a competence, that appeared to be denied them in their own country. (Cheers.) The interests of these countless thousands were involved in their decision on this occasion, and they looked, and were entitled to look, for a heritage befitting the dignity of free men. (Great cheering.) Bring them not here with delusive hopes—let them not find a new-fangled aristocracy haunting these free shores. (Cheers.) But it is yours to offer them a land, where man is re- warded for his labour, and where the law no more recognises the supremacy of a class, than it recognises the predominance of a religion. (Great cheering.) But there is an aristocracy worthy of our ambition. Wherever man's skill is eminent, wherever glorious manhood asserts its elevation, there is an aristocracy that confers honour on the land that possesses it. That is God's aristocracy. (Great cheering.) That is an aristocracy that will grow and ex- pand under free institutions, and bless the land where it flourishes. (Cheers.) He hoped they would take into consideration the hitherto barren condition of the country they were legislating for. He was a native of this young but glorious continent. His past was not hal- lowed in history by the achievements of men whose names reflected a light on the times in which they lived. They had no long line of poets, of statesmen, and warriors ; in this country art had done nothing, but nature everything. It was theirs to inaugu- rate the future. (Great cheering.) In no country had the attempt been successfully made to manufacture on aristocacy pro re nata. It could not be done. They might as well expect honour to ba paid to the nobles of King Kamehameha, or the ebony earls of the Emperor Souloque of Hayti. The aristocracy of England was founded on the sword. The men that came over with William the Con- queror were the masters of the Saxons, and so were the aristocracy. The soldiers of Crom- well were the masters of the Irish, and so became their aristocracy. But he should like to know how Wentworth and his clique had conquered the inhabitants of New South Wales—(great cheering)—except in the artful dodgery of doctoring up a Franchise Bill. (Great laughter.) If we were to be blessed with an aristocracy he would rather it should not resemble that of William the Bastard but of Jack the Strapper. (Great laughter.) But he trespassed too long on their time—(no, no,) and would only seek in conclusion, but to record two things. First, his indignant de- nunciation of any tampering with the purity of the elective principle, the only basis upon which good Government could be placed ; and, secondly, he wished them to regard the future destinies of their country. Let them, with prophetic eye, behold the troops of weary pil- grims, from foreign despotism, which would, ere long, be flocking to their shores, and let them now give the most earnest assurance, that such men as composed the Wentworth clique, were not the representations of the spirit, the intelligence, of the freemen of New South Wales. (Vehement and prolonged applause.) The resolution was put and passed unani- mously. Mr. MORT then came forward, and said, if it had not been for this meeting, he should have expected on the next occasion that he came before them to have addressed them as " My Lords and gentlemen." (Laughter.) He thought, however, that the demonstration to-day would at once put an end to the necessity of any titles. (Cheers.) He felt so utterly unequal to the task of addressing them after the truly patriotic and magnificent speech they had just heard, that the less he attempted to say the better it would be. The resolution which he had to move was self-evident, and he need not trouble them at any length about it. It was as follows: That the proposed alteration of the Elecrtoral Act is calculated to increase that inequality in their representa- tion of which the Colonists have so justly complained, which inequality, instead of being increased, ought now to be rectified, and the representative system established on a just und satisfactory basis. After the small measure of grace which had been held out to them, in the proposition that there should be one additional member fur Sydney, it was not to be supposed that the framers of this measure, could expect much favour in their sight. The wonder was indeed that they had been good enough to throw a sop to them at all ; at all events, he believed the matter was settled now. This meeting would suffice to cancel the Constitution Bill at once. (Loud cheers.) With this view, he felt it unne- cessary to do more than to move the resolution. Mr. J. PASCOE FAWKNER, Member of the Legislative Council of Victoria, came forward to second the resolu- tion. He hoped the men of Sydney would allow him a little indulgence whilst he addressed a few observations to them. He should have been willing to have addressed them a long dissertation on this subject, but he had been labouring under illness for some time past. He would, however, trouble them with a few sta- tistical statements tending to show the absolute necessity of a reform in the electoral system and Government of the colony. He found that the squatters held 250 millions of acres of land, which they paid only a nominal rent for, and which they had the power to buy at any time, at their own price; yet the value of the land could not be calculated at less than a thousand millions of pounds sterling, being at the rate of something like half-a-million of money to each of the squatters. Now, he would ask was not this enough to enable them to swamp the King or the Queen or any government upon earth. In the face of this, what had they made the poor dig- ger pay for licenses to dig on Crown lands ! Why, they had made them pay £60,000 for a few acres in one year, whilst themselves got 250 millions of acres for a mere trifle; and this was imposed upon them only because they be- longed to the class to which he (Mr. F ) be- longed—the industrious labouring class. (Cheers.) The honorable gentleman here read one or two statements showing the arbitrary way in which the squatters had pursued their own interests, both here and in Victoria, cha- racterizing their proceedings as a downright robbery on the people. The sum they paid for the occupation of their lands was £37,000 ; not so much as the working people paid for duty on the tobacco they consumed, which amounted to £41,000. (Cheers.) So that they placed a fig of tobacco on an equality with 250 millions of acres of land. (Cheers). Again, from a return he hold in his hand he found that a single squatter paid but £10 a-year for the occupation of hun- dreds of thousands of acres, whilst the poor gold digger was made to pay £13 for two or three feet of ground on which to pitch his tent. And to effect these iniquitous robberies the squatters and the Government wore combined in one vile conspiracy. (Loud cheers.) He found from a report of what had been said by Mr. Deas Thomson, in his place in Council, that he thought the squatters ought to be dealt with faithfully, but that the Government had made reserves for the purposes of townships and agricultural farms. But these reserves were a mere pretence, to attract labourers there who might be induced to serve the pur- poses of the squatters. He called upon the people to exert themselves throughout the colony to stop the further robbery of their rights, and to put down the villanous con- spiracy against their liberties and their property. He begged to second the resolution. The resolution was then put and carried unanimously, amid loud cheering. The Venerable Archdeacon M'ENCROE, who was received with great cheering, moved the fifth resolution : — That the present Legislative Council having been elected without reference to the proposed change of Constitution, the colonists are entitled to demand the interposition of such delay between the first and second reading of the proposed Bill as will enable them to ex- press their views fully on this momentous question. It might be said, perhaps, that he had no business here, but it was now about five years ago since he had first taken a prominent part in endeavouring to promote the political welfare of this colony, on this very spot, in trying to get rid of the curse of convictism. (Cheers) The people had conquered in that cause, and he then intended to retire from any further interference in political affairs ; but having been asked by some of the gentlemen who had got up this movement, he could not refuse to give his humble voice and hearty support to it. He had all along thought, and said, that the colony was freed from the curse of convictism, it was impossible it could have a free government ; but now that the incubus was removed, and the rubbish swept away, they were about to construct a new constitution which, however, ought not to be one that should require patching and mend- ing every five or ten years. It was impossible that virtue, order, and morality, could exist with- out a state of political peace and quietude, and as a minister of peace and good-will he came for- ward on this occasion. The new constitution proposed to exclude ministers of religion from Legislature, and, indeed, he did not think they had any business there, having go much to do in other spheres; but at the same time he thought it was most unbecoming that men of his cloth should be said to be incapable of tak- ing part in public affairs. Why, who was it but the illustrious Catholic Archbishop, Stephen Langton, that led the Barons to Runnymede and forced the King to sign the charter of our liberties. (Cheers.) He came now, however, to the subject of the resolution. It required no argument; it was an axiom, that time should be given them to consider this measure. (Cheers.) This was no question of a particular law, but a question in which the very basis of Govern- ment and of the Constitution of the country, which he hoped would last for conturies, was involved; and it was most unreasonable, it was utterly against common sense, that so impor- tant a measure should be hurried through with- out giving the people whom it was framed to govern, time to oonsider it fairly and fully. The meeting was aware that on the second reading of any bill the principle was affirmed or rejected, and yet they were expected to wait until after the second reading. Why, after the bill had been read a second time, they would be told it was too late to protest. (Cheers.) This was no question of party politics ; it was a question in which the future stability of the whole frame of government was involved, (Cheers) and were they to be driven into such a measure helter skelter, like a steeple chase ? No ! (Cheers.) The voice of the people must first be heard : there were, perhaps, as many wise heads out of the Council as in it, and the people had a right to put their heads together and discuss this measure, and not have it saddled upon them like a bundle upon a pack- horse, never to be removed. (Cheers.) He had no hesitation indeed in saying that he doubted very much whether the house had really any power to make a constitution for them at all. (Loud cheering.) This was not an opinion of his own, it was founded on that of one of the soundest lawyers that ever served the Crown of England—one of the best Chancellors Ireland ever had—Lord Plunket. When the Irish Parliament proposed to sell the birthright of the people in the union with England, Lord Pluuket said to them "Gentlemen, you have the power to make laws for the government of the country, but you have no right to sell the liberty of your country." (Cheers.) No Legislature had power to com- mit felo de se. (Loud cheers.) Neither could they pass laws in opposition to the declared will of the people. The Legislative Counoil had got despatches from Sir John Pakington and the Duke of Newcastle, but he contended that these despatches could give them no power to frame a constitution without the people's con- sent. (Cheers.) As to the responsible govern- ment which they pretended to introduce, it certainly was a matter of doubt with him how that would work; but perhaps that was no business of his. (Laughter.) The great question however, was, whether the Constitution of the colony should be hastily constructed ; whether the great vessel of the state should be hastily put together, and gaudily decorated with titles and honours, or whether it should not rather be substantial, strong, well found, and above all things adapted to the intricate and difficult waters it would have to navigate. (Cheers.) He feared the present scheme was only too like the promises of a certain steam company to carry over mails in ever so short a time, and had so miserably failed in spite of the splendid outside of their vessels. This company had the good luck to get a charter from Earl Grey ; which the colony, by the bye, had never been able to do. They had got nothing out of him—not a ha'p'orth. (Laughter and cheers.) And, accordingly, they proceeded at a great expense and with a great flourish of trumpets to build fine looking mail steamers ; and every body knew what was the result. (Cheers.) The motive power was found not to work in harmony with the propeller—the vessel refused to answer her helm (loud cheers) and she became a mere log, and was driven about here and there by every wind of heaven. He feared this was just what would be the result of the New Constitution. (Cheers.) But what they wanted was a vessel adapted to their own purposes ; one which would answer the helm ; in which the motive power and the propeller would work harmoniously. The second house ought to be the real motive power; and they could not ex- pect a house, such as the noble House of Lords, to come down from the sky. After 900 years existence in another land, it could not be ex- pected that such an institution could take root again in a fresh soil. It would wither here and die. (Cheers.) What we required was a mo- derate, steady, and safe revising body—one constituted like the Senate of the United States (loud cheers), which had been characterized by Lord John Russell as one of the best pieces of constitutional mechanism that had ever been devised in the world,—an institution which, after an existence of 70 years, was daily growing in power, in influence, and in public confidence. (Loud cheers.) He did not propose that senate as an absolute model ; but he referred to its stability, and its power, as the best proof that elective institutions were the true institutions for young and progressive communities. Now, was it not absurd that they should be called upon in eight or ten days to decide upon such a question as this—a question which should be considered, and re- considered, with the greatest care and the greatest anxiety ! He had but the public wel- fare in view in coming forward. He had neither chick nor child himself (laughter), but he felt that this was a question on which every man was called upon to come forward boldly and contend for the welfare of this and of suc- ceeding generations ; and he contended that the half-dozen who had prepared this Constitution were utterly unfit to decide this great question. (Loud cheers.) He quite agreed that the Constitution ought not to be lightly changed. In America, no change could be made in the constitution without the consent of two-thirds of the legislature ; but this was the best reason why they should see that their bark was in perfect trim and good sailing order before they put to sea. He begged to move the resolution. (Cheers.) Mr. Alderman WILSHIRE briefly seconded the resolution which was carried unanimously. Mr. ADAM BOGUE said, after the eloquent and elaborate speeches which had been de- livered, he should not detain them much longer; but he felt inspired with confidence that the success of their cause was insured by this great public demonstration, which proved that public spirit was not dead in the colony. (Cheers.) It was the duty of every man to come forward on an occasion of this sort ; for when public spirit flagged, the true prosperity of a nation was at an end. It was only by un- ceasing jealousy of the governing body that they could preserve their liberties. He did not envy those who could keep back from taking part in politics. How long was this colony to be sunk in the grovelling pursuit of mere money-making ? Of what would money be to them if the liberties of the country were filched away ! It might indeed be said that they had still a free press ; but if this oligarchical government were once estab- lished, the first thing they would do would be to attack and gag the press. (Cheers.) There was a constant tendency on the part of the Govern- ment, and of factions, to choke public liberty ; but he thought he saw looming on the political horizon, and not very distant, a cloud no bigger than a man's hand, but which was the harbinger of a better political era for Australia. (Cheers.) The young giant was beginning to cast off his swaddling clothes and to show that he could walk alone, and was determined to walk alone. (Cheers.) He viewed with great suspicion the intended constitution. They saw the fruit of the present electoral law, under which the con- stituencies of the pastoral districts were based upon sheep and cattle. In the counties, again, some of the constituencies consisted perhaps of the blacksmith, the storekeeper, and the publi- can. This was a pseudo-popular representative system; and one which could never suit the circumstances of this nascent empire. The present Council was elected two years ago, and it did not in any way represent the public opinion of the present time. As to the scheme of an hereditary upper house, he could only say that hereditary institutions were quite out of date—they had lapsed—their day was gone by; and it was perfectly preposterous to at- tempt to introduce them now. He wished the Petition he now had to propose for their acceptance had been one for the immediate dissolution of the Council. He begged to move that the petition now read, embodying the foregoing resolutions, be presented to the Legislative Council at its meeting to-morrow. (Cheers.) Mr. JOHN BROWN, merchant, seconded the motion. The following is the Petition which was unani- mously adopted : To the Honourable the Legislative Council of New South Wales, in Council assembled. The humble Petition of the undersigned inhabitants of the colony of New South Wales, HUMBLY SHEWETH That in the opinion of your petitioners the proposed Constitution Bill now before your Honorable Council is radically defective and opposed to the wishes and interests of the inhabitants of this colony, who believe that a Representative Legislature, consisting of two Elective Chambers, will alone possess that stability, energy, and usefulness which are maintained by public confidence, and without which no Government can permanently exist. That your petitioners earnestly remonstrate against any attempt, in the hasty manner now proposed in the Legislative Council, to impose a Constitution on the colony which is framed in direct opposition to the wishes of the people. That the proposed alteration of the Electoral Act is calculated to increase that inequality in their repre- sentation of which the colonists have so justly com- plained, which inequality, instead of being increased, ought now to be rectified, and the representative system established on a just and satisfactory basis. That your Honorable Council, having been elected without rcference to the proposed change of Constitu- tion, the colonists are entitled to demand the interpo- sition of such delay between the first and second read- ings of the proposed Bill as will enable them to express their views fully on this momentous question. Your petitioners therefore pray that your Honorable Council will be pleased to postpone the further consider- ation of the measure in question for at least one month, in order to give the colonists at large the opportunity of expressing their sentiments on the subject. And your petitioners, as in duty bound, will ever pray. Mr. FLOOD, M.L.C., then moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Joseph Wyatt, the proprietor of the Victoria Theatre, for his handsome conduct in placing the Theatre at the disposal of the Committee. Mr. Wyatt was a vetoran in the cause of liberty, and had taken an active part in obtaining the liberty of the press and trial by jury in the colony. (Cheers.) He congra- tulated himself and the meeting on this occasion, and he congratulated the Chairman on having presided over one of the most numerous, most respectable, and most orderly meetings that he had over witnessed. At one time he thought public spirit was dead, and had been out of heart about it; but, thank God, the spirit of Englishmen had been re- vived this day, and there was no fear now but it would grow day by day. And though he ex- pected to vote in the minority to-morrow, he had no doubt of the ultimate success of their cause. (Cheers.) The motion was seconded by Mr. J. G. COHEN, and passed by acclamation. Thanks were then voted to the Chairman, and the meeting broke up at five o'clock. 