S r tErr iArrisos" T 1I.L.-A marVelloUB sensation has boen created in our town within the llst few days' by tll dicoveer-y tlit a -hl:it had tnken up its qri-ters, evidncitly for the winter iscsoni,in ait ecludid dwvelling op the Aplaby ro.d, where it. i- llkely to obtain als grcat i no toriel. is the celebratedl Cock-lane lgost. Tte noise is not confined to ay ore iplace, but alter nathtivprevadesi dilfferent parts of the honse. SSoniitinics-it is a dull, h cavy sound, and sonic ti'eiei lik;. a ort of cratch. Testeidac 2.000 or 3,000 lOpersoasviited the pEort, Ianou of wlhoni linciered until nearly midnight, a detachment of pliei ieini- presInt to presýr.vo order. It is im possible to describe the sensation which has been Soreated 'by: thle dscovery. of thlis fflir, and cre i ulity.ceuld lhrdly be carried further. The p'o lico declare tllt mnanvy wou;ld actually remain by the door of the ihnoe the whole of the right if thely i ould only permit tlihem.--Hull Packet. : A IDIOr JND IIIs BURIED UOTIrE.-One of tleu most nifectilng incidents wliahl has recently come undoer obervation lhai just beni communi Oated ,to ,U lI n. gait»tleman in wlose stalcments we can pilac tile utmost reliance. It appears that there resides in Castlewellan, in the coun tr Down, i pinr idiot. wrise mnit!,er;died end vas buried a'loi five weel:s asi in irvanlford church ynrd;l The helplesr lai wtai evidlntly deeply af fected hy the loss hlie lihl .su- ltinel, andi lat woek, conceiving tilt lhi fosild riurnit hid not boon intnr'rid as hle o0,iiht to Iave io en, and that htr ludyt was 11 iati;- undeor the soil, he proceaded with wheeilharn'ir and sp;a:le i the grave, disintered the reiuin,,-', aniid cirried them awny. 'Thli operation was wi tese,.le by sareral Iei,?hboirs, whio, when thiy tteminptcd to inter fere, were ollied to .wit!idraw, the idiot threat o;ni0i thl.ir lives, imngining, it is lho!ioevd, that theli had saine iPterest in the Iledvaud were re solved at all hlz'ards to obtain it.' Tho piarties in.question, findinl they w.er unilabl to retrain, gav.e iaformintion to theo cIe, end in a short time the nntortuinte idiot, wiho hault'le cerfinplaced up on tlhe wheelbarow, indl was on his w.av :itll it to thieo .Euntains,was rre:t;le, and wis'In obliged to return. He wna isub.eqnii tiy Illowin d, under surreillaince, to carry off his woi:dlerful hbrden, and it is stated tlat during tlhre.i daey end nights he proceeded in thle nmin:unr udecribed ailonig anti over the nmultintah in the neighilbonrlC o0d that. hle ld tlhre . graves \which did riot seeil to -atiefy hini, and tihn t ven':itu Il exhausted by fiatigue hl rueaolihci Itosrersir. ilrw lie lied the remains decently and cari'lilly interred. rWe mnentiole thllesillpl faeti witllo'1t commeni tary, believing that in theniselves they conivey int'ormja tion at once remarkbily iinteretinu and power fully instruotiec.---Lrn;ir r"i ULt?:r. TiIm JEws e\ AUsTr.tI..-I ornierlv "tlio Ie brewn. wore not periitted to iieqi-ire real popertvy in Austria, but duringl the lait livoe yeas no im pediment has been throswni in their way, and, ccr-, Hcquently, largie eitaie iin l iungarvy nd Galicia have pasued into itheir possession. When iandelt or houie property changes hanud in Austiia, the new lproprietor pays a cert?ii duty to tle state or the cror ationlic , ia thel c.,,o mniy Ie, and his naie is tlhic entered (initaulert) in the so-c.lled Gruindllitk, or register iof rel property. It is now the i ilqution whlether thl Jewish pltirehaere Iar entitled to figure in the izeisters Is -the actual imiclihas'ers o the estates. The proviniial a~ntlhorities riseo all kilnd. of' dliticulties, and the un'ottintati nspplic.uits nre sent baclwards anti forwaltrd between the dilelrent courts, because go vernmenut lhai not yvt been able to decide whether a JIsew's inlime will read as well in the publlc bools or registers as the name of a obris. tian.. 