REMAEKABLE CONVERSION. On the 26th March last, Holy Satur day, an affecting ceremony took place in Rome in the Patriarchal Church of St, John' Lateran The Cardinal- Vicar administered the Sacraments of Baptism and Oonfirniation1 to a young Jewess, Velli Orhuer, aged 1& years, born at Broot, in Gallicia. She-took the. names oi Anne -'Maria Jeanne-Caroline Siorhi. fthft' lifi.fi few cmrlmrkfViAi* +Tio. 'PiM-nfoua.. Marie-Louise Orsini, of the House of Tarlonia. There is a- good deal of con versation at Rome- of the marvellous circumstances which brought this young lady to embrace Christianity, The fol lowing; is a summary of the- details which have been transmitted to us : — t( Born of German parents, who have resided at Constantinople for a long time, the young Jewess, at twelve years of age, when repairing one day to the synagogue^ to pray,, she saw suddenlyr covered with a mourning veil, sink and disappear;- the synagogue,-, where her friends and she were in the habit of going to adore God.- At the.same time she. saw St. Peter's of Rome sparkling with light, and all brilliant with an in comparable splendour. That vision made a profound impression on her young, imagination.. God made her comprehend, immediately its significa tion, and she wished to follow the voice which interiorly called her to; adore God in the temple which had been shown to her with a glory so bright and altogether so eloquent. She disclosed . the matter ;to her friends, but. they opposed the project of her. conversion with such energy and violence that she was. obliged to defer the execution ot it Three years after, at the age of fifteen,, they made her marry a young man of ' itheir. religion;.; but time brought no- . 'repose to her- soul, agitated by grace.. The eelestiaL vision lollowed her uncea singly- A'fc last, seeing, that she could not succeed in making : herself a Christ ian as long: as she remained under the. hard* and pitiless authority 'of her family she placed herself in the hands of Pro vidence, and departed one day carrying with her, .-'her young child. With the visible protection of Heaven she arrived happily at Smyrna,, where she lived some time qpiietiy enough. But' that was only a*- pause in- her life of trials. One day she saw her friends arrive, who, after a great deal o£ searching, had at last discovered the place of her retreat. They took away from her all that she had brought with her, and, what was mere painful still, they took away her child ; but she refused firmly to return: to Constantinople and re-enter into thev bosom of her ' infidel ? family. She . site-1, ceeded in getting them to give up her. child, and she embarked for Rome that1 she might see that sacred temple whicte God ?had.- shown to her in suclx great glory, and* pray therein in spirit and in1 truth. At Rome she found a country^— the common country of all who wish to belong to God and' to His Son Jesus ; she found there a family in a holy com munity, into which she was received as a sister and as a.-daughter. At last, on .Saturday, the 26th ultimo, .clothed in the white habit of a. neophyte, conducted by the Princess Orsini, who acted as a god-' mother,' she - received in the church — themotherandmistressofallthe churches of the city and the world — in the: basilicum ot St. John of Lateran, Holy Baptism, Confirmation, and, the Blessed Eucharist. Nothing could' erual,. they write to us, her holy meditation, her peace, her joy ; there was,; especially at the moment she receivedthe Sacrament of Confirmation, s uch a transformation of her whole being that the beholders ? thought they saw the Holy Ghost descend visibly upon her, and all the people were enraptured and felt them selves under the influence of the spirit : of God. His Eminence the Cardinal; Vicar could not forbear remarking to the Faithful who assisted at the cere mony on that sensible intervention of the Divinity — ( Such are/ he concluded 'the effects of our Holy Sacraments, To-day you- see them with your eyes ;?:? you in a manner touch them with your hands. It has pleased God to recom pense the courage and the faith of this young daughter of Sion. 'We shall receive ourselves the same graces if we moke the same preparation, and if habit does not render us insensible to the life cf grace, to the sacramental; lire/ These' words- made a very lively impression oiv the young woman whom God had received; into the One Fold of the Supreme Pastor at ,19 years of age, seven years after she had seen the Holy Roman Church, into which she has entered so joyously,, figured in that heavenly vision that we have related.' — U Univers. ' No one's enemy but his- own', happens ? gene^ rally to be the enemy of everybody with;- whom he is in relation. The leadings quality that goes to make this character is a reckless^irnprudence. and; a selfish pursuit of selfish enjoyments, independent; of all consequences. 'No one's enemy but his own' runs rapidly through his means— calls;' in »? frindly way, on his friends; for bonds; bail; and . securities — involves his nearest kin — leaves; his wife a beggar, and quarters his orphans upon tbs public — and* after enjoying*, himself to his. last guinea; entails a life of dependance upon his pro* geny and dies-in the' odour of that illunderstood reputation of harmless folly; which1 is more, inju rious' to society than some positive crimes. The social. chain is- so nicely and delicately constructed,, that not a linksnaps, rusts, or refuses its proper play, withoiit-.the shock .being felt like an electric: vibration to its nfcrnbst limits 