? CoVTCnr >1*D iBVHVxyOB ron M*jr.—Jt m Her lnlolbu W!M toslgnt ot ProvidcTire thai no pfoplp stinll t,e entire!? exempt from dlslreastng rtilu- IIom, though eren thetp. 1 beltere, may eeaeruUy traced to toon's owo follies or wlChedncu ; t:e tbli buwever us It mnv, I ran entertain no daut t vtiatever, that ttie fieraiinii nt Condition ofour rice iras not meant by our Creator to beotticmiee than one of com - fort and abundance. Whenever we And ft the re\ersa fre may rest Atwirttt tliat It is because men do not nvall themselves a* tbey ought of the p» dne» and bounty of Providence, whose traclous de.-l?n. for thftr welfare ere thwarted by ftie'r own pervernlty. Such nejng my firm convirlion, J think that theroe.e fee of the lone continuance of distress In the country, of lUelf affords a strong yresum-.tton ihot there must he samethinp wrong In Its «oc «i organisation. When I <!-p that Industry, frugality, and prudence cannot secure to men, blested wish health and strength, n competentfltiare of the uvessarW! and comforts of life, f r&nnol; resist the infetpneethat ior5» a condition of things crn only be accounted for by the fact, that ihere Is sonic fault fnour laws ors< clftl arraneements which pnrll smcnl it called upon to yem^Sy.- -S cfthe bite Sir. R. Pool. Kasaann SHSWIS.—The shawl ot Kashmir Is p, r- hat' the only article ofopparef that lmpror<« by wear One or itiese beiutirot fabrici which has been worn for some Uln-, uid even wostipd, becomes brighter In color, more pliant <o tin- touch than wlieo new, and may b • worn /or years without losing any of it beauty The shawt will through use arq'.ir- a certain flexibility, which certalu y Improves IU appearance mayal'S* becoroBsollid.Md Jt i» Jhtn necessary sbst UabouHlle wastud. This operwton though >t adds t4 the beauty lesienstfie value of the fabric.—McCann Omoi* OF tbs Forth A3r**:rcix Iriiuxr— U has been aa«rted that many of their traditions and re Jlgious ceremonies are vndoubledty of Ji-wltb orlpln, and home thick that thc Kortb ttnerlcan Indians are defendants of the lost-tribe of Israel. I have buwever, not the slightest doubt that this portion of the contl «it I,a* been peopled front northern Asia. Tfaebtacfcbair, dark eye, slightly pointed at tbe corners,lho ))lrh cbeeV twnes and want of hair on Ifruve.} think their Aalatlcortsln Iicrd iourti-d tfae fotlovloe teMtlfol, »Ubottf2k lengthy pi -co of Poeiry, eiimewd f>o& the "^ornlu Adtertiier" not oaly on account of its tairintlcm«ril iiu( because It glv»4 a true picture of the ccueltu toil sod suffering ehdnnA hj zoaaj of our 4B Mother Country: — THE DBE8SM AKER'S DEEiK, Ziong, lour, hare nfgbdeep abftdo«r« AUjiTfirl ih" forth and sky j Tlie paUld noon slearai over head. Tlie Stars are oat on high,— But 3sbour*« -day it ait yet done, The weary bnodi mtut f Ull j>\y on, Fait and unceasingly. Thc very air about her aprcM, Withwafi (ltaenKe U rife, More «]etid«r with caeh short'n'fig thread, Wears her own tiuead oflif-; The hpeilc ilush upou her clieek, The bright an«l gUtieriog eye*, baapaak Bow brief will lie the strife* But In the eye of heaven It will A blood red aipecl wear,— Woven and wrought by *tsrrine men, 'Mid buretlnc heart*, hoi ieara, andthra Faibiqn'd by haggard Care. But annte and tight aro falling fast, Ti*» {iFtwent dicappeRri—' Bright vUione of the dtvamy past^ The ghosts ol buried yean, Are risingr^ond her—fur a«htte Play a on her Hp its old sweet amll«t Forgotten are her tears. 6bc wanders by thelrlrulet, 1 brough foldand drey valet WatfJfd by many a sparkling Jet • Bursts forth the primrose ra 3 ®* The modest d Islet lift the head, And like « sea of stars, outspread Far over hill and dale. Upon the verdant pasture-land, The sheep like suow heaps seem ; The drowsy cattle brooding stand Midway )» the cool stream ; While stretched beside the bubbling spring*» The lazy cow boy sleeps, or alnga Ofraau/a rustic ibeme. The aoft air teems *UU ^U-awnt sound, The woods are rife with song, The plowman on his homeward round, Goes carolling along— The tinVllng brooklet winds .Hi way— Yhq tiny cascades leap and play Tlie mossy banks among. A white cot pepping through th« trass— It Is her old dear home, fc'n as site IpTt it mow she see*. Ere thc went forth to roam ; La i from the gate with Joyoua whoop I The scene Is changed i she stands once tnof* Within that silent room. iiore Jonesome seems it, than of,'yore, More sombre in Its gloom, The air like fireupon her falls The ceiling dark, the mouldering walls Encloso her like a tomb. Those cold damp walls—thpy seem to mora, They oscillate, they wave, The} hem her In 1 Oh Ood of lor* Father of mercy —t&ve; i On—on they come without a sound, Tbej weigh her down , they close arjuod One black and awful grave, fihe starts—she wakes—the moonbeams bright tfltam through the lattice pane, The voicsol t^e holy night Send up their toleran strain ; Is Nature's calm she hath no part, But turns, with worn and itching hsart, the face sufficiently .—ttitformrtiKiani'l tl 1'MII in C«NO<F«WNF, To her sad toll again* L. O, 