F A M I N E IN THE LABOR MARKET. THE great and dailj- increasing want of labor, from which the colonists are now and have been recently suffering, lias, we believe, prevented the disgusting exhibition of that political mountebankism constantly exhibited,—on the arrival of each prison ship,—in the columns of puritanical journalism, under the auspices t)f the self-dubb'd tailors of T00L y-strcet, the bobtaii of the defunct branch of " the Southern 'l'asraanian League." The insolent inanifestors usually put forth under the signature of the amiable Secretary, have like himself turned out a mere humbug. The Irish undertaker did his work so effectively that the ghost of the defunct body only troubles the little MATCHLESS Secretary in his dreams. The public dare no longer be insulted with the lying assertions ostentatiously put fortli by a few Charlatans that "we are the people." Driven from the Mechanics' Institute aud the Theatre by the indignant voices of outraged citizens, the young and old Jackalls of the pack must seek provender and £600 per annum other than from the pockets of men whom they have brazenly and slanderously insulted. During the few years the League was suffered to exist, its members carried 011 a crusade against the character of the colony and its inhabitants, until the adjoining dependencies of the crown re-echoed through its press their stereotyped slanders, and made Tasmania a bye-word and a reproach. Slander was the trade of our Colonial Patriots (?) and they dealt in that commodity, and in the pence wrung from their dupes, to a very pious extent. Years will not repair the serious mischief and injury which the itinerating imposters of this body lmve inflicted upon us; they have left us without the means of labor-, their slanders and false pretences as to the question of free labor, have left us without emigration, and were it not for the recent timely arrivals of the Rodney and other vessels, we know not what Would become of our farmers and agriculturists. The daily cry from all parts of the island is—what are •we to do for labor ? And is not this cry practically heard in the ranks of the Leaguers themselves ? These consistent gentlemen shout out " Pollution," and yet run breathless to the Penitentiary. Every act belies their professions on this important question; we blame them not; when men see the folly of the mad career into which they were hurried, under a well feigned cry of " purity of morals ;"—and when they discover that cry to be a mere " shibolleth" of party,—and that every interest, agricultural* pastoral and commercial, is to be sacrificed to satisfy the mere whims and caprices of a clique,—then are we glad to witness and bear testimony to the disseverance of an alliance that would have engulphed the majority of our colonists in absolute ruiu: we are glad to see that the eyes of gentlemen of property and influence have been opened to the destruction that would be entailed upon us should our present eupplf of labor be immediately cut off. How, otherwise, can we account for gentlemen becoming once more the employers of that labor, which they so recently spurned) but by which they were formerly enriched ! Surely some weight should be attached to the acts of the honorable member for Soreli—be has been an applicantnay, a supplicant, and his wants could only be partially supplied. Then there is the honorable member for the Huon t seme time past his agent could not supply a sufficient number for . - - Part'idfje Island" j —and O Tempore ! O Mores I wlut 'will the little secretary of the j S.C.T.O.L. say to his father-in-law being again an employer, and another staunch anti-transportation relative Laving been to the Barracks! We have, too, our tvell known brewers, the Messrs. Degraves, latge consumers. We could go on and. enumerate hundreds of-applicants, not so successful, whom it is impossible iu the present state of tlie labor market to supply, and we hesitate not to say that but for the consideration of the authorities in permitting so many of the recent arrivals to become eligible for hire, we would have had a TAYHNE in 'the labor market. Even as it is, the very admirable hiring arrangements of the Superintendent of the Barracks, whereby all agency jobbing has been knocked in the head,—are from paucity of numbers, unable to meet the pressing exigeucies of the settlers, 'ihereisbut one remedy in the hands of our colonists—it is the elective franchise—if there should be ft dissolution of the Council, and that the franchise is unrighteously and wrongfully exercised in again returning tbe present members as legislators, then our colonists will have but to blame themselves, at seeing •the only stream by which labor can at present flow to tbem cut off, uirreplaced by any other, unprovided "with a substitute. 