Aldi Alteram Partem. To the Editor of the Moreton Bay Courier. Sir,-Juvenis is disposed still to murmur, and pretends still to misunderstand. In spite of the supreme contempt in which I hold him, I feel called upon to trouble you, yet once more, with one or two remarks. I have not the slightest wish to gratify the lad by walking with him round and round his little circle of miserable arguments and wretched sophisms. He is too clever in the mind for me, and therefore I decline the pursuit. Like the eel, when he is caught by the tail, he eludes the grasp, and dives again. The cleverness of this must be confessed, but so also must its dirtiness. Let it not be forgotten that it is only in the mud that the eel is clever. So the dull eel moves nimbler in the mud Than all the swift flu'd races of his flood. As to this much vaunted degradation of the Doctor, I think it sufficient to remark that, as he voluntarily ceased, some eight years ago, to be an under rower in the old ship, and became captain of another, the cause the degradation could not be very pressing, when it again into operation only at "the beginning of this year!" It is quite true that fifty insolvent squatters will not make unto Doctor of Divinity less insolvent ; but if fifty squatters have been in a worse potentiary position than such a Doctor, and have recovered themselves, without the stigma of bankruptcy, what is there in the Doctor of Divinity to make it less likely that he will recover too? Can Juvenis conceive of no case in which I may, with certainty, know, without judging, that a person is a perjurer? I quite agree with my unreviling (!) opponent that a lie should be considered a lie. I never intended to introduce any change in our common vocabulary. I therefore readily concede the word; b. t fin thing remains unaltered. A false opinion ' is not truth, and therefore must be a lie. Such an opinion honestly entertained cannot be accompanied with blame. 1 believed that Sir. Russells was attached to the introduction of convicts, and not 1 only, but almost even tody cKo. Mr. Russell has a letter in the Supplement to time I juries of May 19th last, in which he speaks of Mr Leslie as "our selected champion :" and that letter) stands side by side with an account of a great meeting of "the Darling Downs Association," farmers,' and men for the openly avowed purpose of introducing convicts into this district Mr Russell, in Ipswich, admits that he approved of Mr. Leslie, but (bitters himself with the idea that I hu all-absorbing topic of the district then we immigration' It is not a matter of opinion, but of fact, that it was no such thing. Mr. Leslie was " our selected champion," because that he was determined to obtain Convicts with separation. [I have not the slightest wish to charge Mr. Russell with evasion it is for him and not for mere account for the discrepancy : but I do charge his friend and admirer wish possessing an inordinate measure of impertinent puppy is, in reiterating his charge of deliberate and malicious falsehoods' and I desire still farther to aver that I have said nothing under my assumed designation Hint 1 jnr not most willing to repeat in person iitiynhonjor to anyone. Juvenis appeals to honest motto I determine who has the right to honest merino shall go. At their tribunal) I am perfectly willing to be judged. " I I cannot take leave of Juvenis without remark ing that his gallimaufry articles and letters afford a rare specimen of what is usually tunnel the frippery of with It is not difficult to detect, Juvenis when he writes. There is a secret demand made for the reader to throw aside his common sense, and he content with the study of what he reads. When he attempts to beatty he is so deficient in the article of good nature Unit actually , ' I IIo saves; his words are loose As hearts of anude, und srattCrc'd wide from rtW, 17s even" paper the' brilliant, and deserve " open credit to say !" that he is a sparkling write ! ! r So have t soon in larger dark / Of with a lucid loin, Itrptete. with mann a brilliant spark, AH wise plilloKopl'iorH remark, At nee Rothstadt and think. In fact, the last article is so magniloquei can account for its clovernoBH only in this v it was written when the moon was at that of Nantilla, in full.. He must have conjured up the shades of least Bacon, Johnson, and Addison. Therein certain mysteriousness about his writings, and such a drive for the dark, the deep, and the desperate, that perhaps, as Dryden' remarks, in reply to be called The gladsome ghosts in offering troops attend, And with unwearied eyes behold tlqtrfiieml If such be the case- ' J C '"Its vain . i . To tamper with his own train, . i Without running calls skull ' As often as the moon at full, "A Thanking you for your iiiifi/gorice,' 1 time, Mr,' Editor, Your obliged servant, SEN'KX b- I Brisbane, Dec. 31, 1852. I 