/ THE EMPIRE. j SATURDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1853. ' WHERE THE FAULT LIES. WE are certainly no advocates for " strong language" at public meetings, however much wc relish plain truthful speaking ; but there is one tiling to be avoided even more than strong language, and that is slurring over grievances, thc real business which has brought a number of people The proceedings of a public meeting at \ Bathurst a few days ago, are an excellent )spécimen of the slatternly method of re- form, with very soft, soap and very tepid ú) water. It appears thnt about 400 persons V' comprising a considerable intermixture f of thc respectable and influential portion [of the community," in consequence of the recent death of Mr. Fitzpatrick, as the last of a series of coach accidents, more or less injurious or fatal, assembled for the ostensible purpose of suggest- ing some practical improvement in our present ante-diluvian'means of tra- velling. We all know, at least, that it is impossible to accuse the meeting of having been precipitate in determining to take this subject into their consideration. Mr. Fitzpatrick lias lost Iiis life, as already mentioned,, by the tumbling of a coach from the unfenced road, over a precipice. A correspondent, in Tuesday's Empire, states another nearly fatal accident within .five miles of. Bathurst, Mr. Bushby, of . this city, having had a narrow escape with his life, after hanging in thc cart suspended . " at an angle of. 75, over a deep ravine." Mr. Cutcliff*,: at the meeting, " instanced . the. .case which occurred about four months . ago. at Penrith, of the mail upsetting . with sixteen ; passengers inside, and also the. accident : at tiie last quarter sessions, > when a-clergyman's spine was very much injured." .Air. Samuel said " thc repeated . accidents which had taken' place within . tlie Jost * few years were calculated to do rthe /district a serious injury hy ? deterring people from visiting it. Acaso had come; to his own knowledge in which .a-pnrty leaving Bathurst for Sydney paid an enormous price for a horse rather than subject; his neck to the jeopardy of a jour- ney by.thctmail coach." Mr. Boyles ex- pressed a nervous opinion that " a man might almost with equal safety trust him- self before.a:bullet.as his own life in one ? of the^coaches;" Every speaker had his own tale,to;tcll of " hair-breadth escapes," and we :beh'eve it-will be admitted that they madotout upon the-whole some plain :facts . and ¡reasons, cither for some means of protecting life and limb, or else raising the .policies of life insurance upon travel- lers, and increasing the salary of a district coroner. 'We strongly suspect, however, that thc narrative of disasters must have sadly shaken the nerves of the meeting ; for thc remedy they have agreed to resembles, in its practical efficacy, nothing so much .tis a ghost cluirm of tremulous old ladies at an evening confabulation. The "meeting were unanimously of opinion that to prevent the loss of life and coach accidents in general, thc Govern- ment should not allow mail-coaches to carry passengers, but confine them exclu- sively to their mail contract. This saga- cious proposition we take to be ,an inversion of Sir Boyle Boaehc's motion, that every quart bottle should contain a quart, lt means that a conch should not carry a coach load, but only a few mail- bags in the boot. Now lhere might possibly bc sonic intelligible drift in this resolution, if the meeting was mainly anxious for thc safe and speedy deliverance of the mails. But we confess it is like the puzzle of thc Sphinx to ns' how matters are to bo im- proved, when it is not thc mails, but the necks and limbs of travellers that arc at stake. It is a new discovery in specific gravity that mail-bags are weighty enough to sink deep ruts into the high-roads, and to upset the 'equilibrium of a slow coach ; and we have yet to learn how n linc of distinction between the passengers and the mail is tantamount to n strong fence between a precipice and the side of the road. Wc do not sec quito clearly how an over-crowded coach will necessarily bc much steadier for not carrying thc mails, or a slow conch be much {'aster for being under no contract with Government as to time. We are, indeed, awnre, that in England Government contractors arc hound to provide a safe and roomy vehicle, never crowded and always well horsed. If the meeting required these conditions, wc could understand that a practical suggestion so lar as it went lind been propounded by the collective wisdom of the four hundred heads. But, from the tenour of thc proceedings, it seems to have been apprehended that, this would involve the question of thc nntc- diluvian condition of tho roads, and this again would involve the antipodean character of Government ; and as Mr. Samuel pointed out thc necessity of "una nimity," it was therefore unanimously resolved to avoid these far- fetched considerations, and search no j farther into thc mystery than thc unlucky j moil-bags discovered in thc boot or Îlockets of tho coach. Wc there- j ore congratulate thc meeting upon attaining the summum bonum of Bathurst. «" Unanimity," that precious modern substitute for thc philosopher's stone, will make all things squnrc and even, inclusive of thc precipitous angles anti rute upon thc Bathurst road. : Now, let people be ever «» ureàmmôugjy ¡ inclined to ' agree; to a. mild'and balmy ¡ is generally , one obstreperous individual somewhere or other in the crowd. In this instance, it wa« Mr. Gordon who plucked at thc coat-tails of thc four hundred, asking them to withdraw their heads from the inside of tiic coacli and take a look at tl io general «tate of the roads, and the efficient road-makers .at head-q«iarters in Macquarie- street. Mr. Gordon was so unreasonable as to-attri- bute thc accidents to thc «tate of tl ie roads, and the state of thc roads to "the neglect of one of the most important functions of Government." But Mr. Gordon, it is to be presumed, will not pull the coat-tails of a public meeting very soon again, after the kicking he has got from all sides on the shins. It was not only inexpedient to propose the terms of his amendment, but tliey were, it appears, manifestly untrue, and tlic chairman effectually cut short his impertinence by calling him to order for enquiring " what sum ivas .expended upon the roads." Mr. Heathorn did not blame the Government for the irregularities and accidents. Mr. Samuel deemed that " when contrasted with other colonial Governments, ours certainly appeared respectable," Mr. Parker was of opinion that " taken as a whole, our Government worked-well, due allowance being made for human imperfections." And Mr. Heathorn, moreover, " to convince those who were endlessly carping and fault- finding, would like for a short time to see them invested with the troubles and re- sponsibilities of Government." Well, this is an agreeable piece of news. If lives have been lost, and limbs broken, .and spines damnged, such accidents are not attri- butable to the state of thc roads. It is some imp in the mail-bags that is more terrible than a pistol- bullet to Mr. Boyles. The Government, in return for thc com- pliments of the four hundred, can hardly do less than continue its efficient manage- ment of the roads, lest perchance any slight alteration might disturb the mutual good understanding which at present ex- ists. They can hardly refuse the reason- able request for the effectual prevention of accidents by carrying the unlucky mails in a coach of their own ; and in return, we trust the Bathurst people can do no less than subscribe liberally to the testi- monial to E. Deas Thomson, in token of tho many vast memorials of lu's long and ardent public services he is leaving behind him in the colony, more especially the benefits conferred upon industry in the shape of smooth and well-fenced roads. resolution ever só'ilevbid of 