VICTORIA. We have Melbourne dates to the 4th instant, two days later than those per Chusan. The screw steamer West Wind arrived there ou tTin 2nd and H. M. S. Hercules on the 3rd. The Ladybird screw-steamer, bought by the Gee long Steam Navigation Company for £15,000, is intended to ply between Geelong, Sydney, and Laun ceaton, so that two sea-going steamers will henceforth start from Geelong, namely, the Ladybird and the Pirati, besides five engaged in the trade between Geelong and Melbourne. ? The Ballarat Escort reached Geelong on the even ing of the 3rd instant, with 4,749 ozs. 15 dwts. of gold, and £1,059 10s. in cash. Another fine sample of coal, from a new vein, had been brought into Geelong. It was publicly shown, much admired, and declared to be the largest piece yet discovered, as well as of undisputed quality. In reference to the coal discovery the Geelong correspondent of the Argus writes thus, under date August 2nd : — ' In connection with steam, I cannot help once more alluding to coaL Victoria now possesses a very respectable steam fleet of her own ; the trade by English and colonial steamers has rapidly in creased to very respectable dimensions ; the railways have been commenced in earnest; but we are as yet dependent on supplies of fuel from rival colonies, or foreign ports. Some more very fine samples of coal jO^^g been brought in from the Barrabool Hills, but twhweather is much against the rapid prosecution of this important discovery. So far as the coal is concerned, there is nothing at all problematical about its existence within a few miles of the town. There are, doubtless, immense beds under the town itself. It is iio ghost; it has been found in the soil, dug out, handled, and burnt; it is a good rich hard coal, and some samples of it will bear comparison in appearance with any coal iu She world. The on ly thing problematical concerning our coal-fields is the time that will elapse before the Government and the people will become aware of the immense advantages attending the discovery of a workable seam. Gold has done much to advance us to our present position, and may do much more yet; but coal will be the grand article to force forward our commercial pros perity, and to surround us with all the advantages enjoyed by the most civilized nations of the world. Coal will drive our steam-sbips through the ocean ; our railway trains through our dense forests ; it will advance local manufactures of all kinds; it will light up our dungeou-like streets; it will make our domestic hearths cheerful ; and it will, if obtained near at hand, save us at least £50,000 per annum. But in spite of all these undeniable advantages — Oh, teil it not in Gath ! — the person who has shown the most public spirit in the affair, and who has most earnestly gone to work to discover a valuable seam, is a lady ! To Mrs. Thomas's enterprise Geelong is much indebted for a knowledge of the fact that good coal exists in its immediate neighbourhood.' A letter lately received in Gaelong from an influ ential member of the English Parliament states that, in a conversation with the Duke of Newcastle on the subject of a petition from Victoria, praying that the supreme government of the Anstralias might be established in Melbourne, tho Duke informed the writer that the position of Victoria, considered geographically, as well as on the score of revenue and population, would entitle it to the serious atten tion ef the Government. The latest commercial and monetary intelligence is that of Wednesday the 3rd, in the Herald, winch we subjoin : — 'The price of gold remains unaltered. The Chusan shipped 14,291 eunces for Singapore. 'We learn that many of the immigrants who have lately arrived here from California have brought with them small parcels of gold-dust, the produce of that country. The admixture of this with the Victoria gold will account for the loss which some exporters have sustained, owing to their consign ments to London having proved below standard fineness. To show the great inferiority of the Caii fornian gold, wo may mention that a leading broker here lately purchased about 70 ounces, knowing whence it came, and although he gave 6s. per ounce less than the current rate for Victoria gold, upon having it melted and assayed he found himself a oser of about £6 by the purchase.' We quote the following from the Argus of the 3rd:— 'Summary for England. — The demand for the Argus of yesterday, containing our English summary for the Chusan, was so great that we had to sell single sheets containing the reading matter; and with our usual circulation, the number printed during the day amounted to no fewer than 17,900 copies. Look out ; look out ! great Times I ' Canal and Docks. — A deputation, consisting of J. A. J. Macpherson, Esq., solicitor, and Mr. D. Wil kinson, civil engineer, waited on His Excellency yesterday morning, respecting a project for forming a company, to construct docks on the river, and a canal to the Bay. Tho object of the deputation was to ascertain what facilities the Government are wil ling to afford such a project. The deputation was graciously received by his Excellency, who heard Mr. Wilkinson's statement of his plan, 'and ex pressed his approval of it ; but desired to have a dia gram of tho proposed works laid before him previous to his giving a definite reply. The deputation are therefore to have another audience with His Ex Aftllfinp.v. ' Gold continues to be quoted at £3 17s. 6J. ' Ross & Co. sold yesterday : shingles, 75s. to 77s. per 1,000; paling, (5 feet) 75s. per 100; pine scant ling, 49s. per 100 feet; hardwood quartering, 54s.; joisting, 57s. per do. ; pinu quartering, long lengths, ?82s. per 100 feet. ' E. Gilbert & Co. sold, on Tuesday, at the Victoria Mart ; coffee, Is. Id. per lb. ; sugar, 14s. 9d. per cwt. ; clay pipes, 4s. per gross ; congou, 75s. per chest ; molasses, 20s. per cwt. ; butter, 2s. per lb. ; porter, 13s. per dozen ; port wine, 8s. per gallon ; canvap, Is. 2d. per yard. ' Messrs. E. Row & Co. have sold within the last few days, draught horses, from £50 to £180 ; gig and saddle do., £20 to £80; hacks, £15 to £40; horses, carts and harness, £40 to £140 ; working bullocks, £20 to £32 ; drays, carts, &c.;, £25 to £40.' Sooth Australian Lloyds. — By a notice in our advertising columns we perceive that an underwriters' office, on the principle of Lloyds, has been established in Adelaide. The names of the gentlemen connected with the undertaking give a sufficient guarantee for its respectability, whilst the increased maritime traffic of the colony renders it especially important and necessary. The misfortunes which overtook a late local Insurance Company having taken place under entirely different circum stances from those at present existing, forms no criteria of the -probable results of the Association now established. We therefore commend it to the favourable attention of the mercantile community. Tramway to G-awler. — The Central Road Board have, we understand, been requested by the Government to prepare a plan and estimate of an iron rail or tramway from Gawler to Adelaide, with a scale of tolls, calculated to yield 10 per cent, on the outlay ; 6 per cent being for the interest and 4 per cent for the redemption of the capital. Metallic Houses. — In the details of cargo per Ann Holzberg will be found no fewer than fifteen iron houses, besides seven iron stores and a house of zinc. rfj^DLEss Alarm. — Yesterday, a rather denferoolumii of smoke issuing, from a chimney at the rear of Messrs. Marks's establishment gave some momentary ground for apprehension ; but feel ings of alarm very quickly subsided as Boon as the olfa. tories became convinced that the cause of extra ordinary combustion was of a satisfactory kind. Tripling with Justice. — A person named Henry Dawson, who belongs to that fraternity which might take in a public sense for its motto ' Man is born to trouble,' was yesterday (Tuesday) charged at the Police Court with having broken glass the property of H. Catchlove. The prisoner (for he was in custody) pleaded that he did so accidentally, and was willing to pay the damage. Mr. Catchlove was not in attendance, and the man was discharged; having been either improperly confined for the night, or allowed too easily to escape the proper punishment of (as reported) very violent conduct. The task oi bringing such characters to the Station-house is often both laborious and dangerous, and when any citizen gives such trouble to the police he should at tend and show cause for having done so, as well as to justify himself for having interfered with .the liberty of an individual. 