REASONS • r JtPf'I'l"''*''"*^1 ; J * SCBBCBIBING TO THE EXOLTTalVE TEiOHiua AND Aothobitt OF THE Catholic Cmmca bt JohnAthanasics Ceooke, Esq., Bauxsme-at- Law. At a mature period of life (the age of 3<j)X exper.eut'ed the happiness of hearing and afterwards attentively reading, the lectures delivered by Or. Wiseman, at Xt. Mary's. ill -.ourfMds, on tlie doctrine* and iiractices of the Uaiholic Church, an., it was in a very. arlv stage of tilt examination of these doctrines int i which Jims lectures led me, ili.it I became convince. I of the gross misrepresentations concerning Catholic ten ts which prevail among pr.- testaiit.; such, for instance, a that Mid ilre >ces can be granted as licetic's t.i excuse sins to be committed, that abs.duti n fir sins coiiimittjd or to be committed, c in be purchased with m .ney, that the img -U and saints are worshipped with supreme or divine hi.wur : and tliftt. the images ol Jesus Christ, the Bless?d Viigin, and lli.- »»int<are adorea by i'atliolics as p >s<e-- sing ail innate and divine power. I dtcivertd thai I'r. .ViseraWs leciures einl>»- died a clear, d stinct, Mid complete refut,- tiun of these eilniniiies and a disdaimer of these absurdities: and th y proved thai the C nliolic Church neier did s> hald or leach ; but that o.i the contrary, wh it the atliolin > h ir-h teaches mi fie-ie subjects, is, that no indu gence can be grante.l furanv audi purpuse a< is pretenJed by Protcs ants, and that <v.'n pa it Kin* are not pardoned by au indulg. n e. I t.mnd by Catholic citech«snn, iliat b;fuve ai. person can have tue ben fit of a plenary indulgence, (whi.-h is ilefi ied to lie a remis'io i of the temj o al punishment due t> tins, after those sum, >ib io the guilt nn.l eternal punishment, are lorgiven bv the sacra nent of pen mc) he must be in a state of grace, confess, and receive the lio'y communion, an I perf Tin the condi tions required lor gaining the iudulg.*lice whilst he is in tlu slat- of grace. I found ihat all the prayer bunks in use among the laity slated the c nid.tiuns upon which such an ind ilgeuee is to lie gained; which conditions con ist, in addition t<i thuse above m '"tinned in prayer, ulms,aiul other works of Christian chnr.ty I t!ie>. learnt, that in r.ga-d to the absolution pronounced in the Sacramento penance,whii the Catholic Church most clearly teuclie is, ih it u'itl out sincere repent mc.', a com punied with a dcteriniiiu'tuii of the s u ner never again by the help of Gun's gr.ici to commit sin, (ind whicn is sob.->iuiifutl\ expressed in the atliol c act ofco-itriii.ui the absolutinn whici the priest, as th minister ol Go I nuy piououncu upon a prrson presuming to approach hull ill lilttribunal of peuu.ice, without such true contrition and deivrmiiatuni, sofirj'r.ini lie tig <i( even the slightest a ivautipe tn the preieuded penitent, ..ills to his uuiit the terrible crime of sacr lege by Ins abuse of this s cciauieiit, and ihis not w Mil-ian t- ing lie may have made the lullest uisclo iure of hisVins. Upnn the next su ject, na nely, the al ledtji'd adoration by Cailio ies nf the ang 'Is and saints I found ihe Cutliol c belief to bethtt, in the in,oi-ittinii ol'the angles and i.a nts. tiny are to be enteited ti. becoin- luppliun s on their behull to Almighty (j .d ; an . I at once saw, Ili.it thicnmniuiiiou ef saints must lief. lt by ever-.' Catholic to ba a most power'ul inceiiiive t.i charity umi mutual affection aiming al whu profess a.id practice his creed. 1 sa» tllin com.nuniun uf smits, and this inter cliang.- of good offic s, existing among living Catholic* m a most -itiinent degree! I saw ma.y piuus Catholics, when ab.ni to engage in a wnrk which they desirt-d Alnugh'y God to crown wiih sueeess, nr when d siring an .increase ol gr.ice and forti ude to en ible them t • bear [i;it ewtl\ tlie ci'Oises ol' tins nf>', cunstautly reqiiesi to have the prayers uf iheir liv;ngjlireihren. I snw ilmt no distinction ill world'y rank or fortune nan a barrier to this inter change ot brotherly cliari y. 1 felt th.» practice to lit- so heavenly in its nat.nv and so strictly ill accordance witlitlie com maud of our divine itedeenier, lliat «. should hive one another, as well as s<con.oling to the mind ol man, lliat I b - lieved, and ever shall believe it,as proviny itsimndivi o origin. I then co'-sidnred the respect pHi'd by Catholirs to huly imagis. I diseote e«. what the Catholic believes, through th teaching uf his ' liurcli, is, that it is bm. lawful and edifying tol iuk npon a erne ti\ picture or any oilier repre-eiitilion <>i Cliri-t his blessed mo lier, and of saints, with respect ai.d honour, always rclV-rrinj; that reepe. t and honour ultimately to Alniiglity (iud,an,I so as to excite or increasi in the mind ih.- inward feelings of love toward* (jod Thus, if the im ige or otln i representation be of Jems Clirist—for instance a crucifix.—tlie respect is paid on accuunt nf, and t rmiuatei m Him, whusi sufferings fur our sake are thereby re,irifented; and It appeals to the min i as m «p°n book, which may be rea I and regarded hs well by ihe illiterue as tlie learne.l : such a reprcs ntation b.'itigiug to tlie mine tte gaodness and mercy of Almighty Ijm 'toivnrds man in this at.ining s.icrifirc : and if the image or representation be ul, UitUletsed Vi.g n, I lie respect of the ln-- flti/der-ulsu lurminutes in l,oil, who sanrl/oned bor 4iy niukiug her tr.e labernacltv ol'lhe Holy Ghost - lier,who bare the higl •dignity of Mother of God, - her, wlio, m the Htinunciation ofihut dignity was by tin- •angel (J a laid uddr.s-ed by the salutation "" Hail .' fu I nf Grace, the Lord is leith 'thre'I /I'rsiicdci't thou amongst women ! an. whu, by her own I ps declared, that all :gtnerations should ~atl her blessed. 1 f.iun 'also, that tlie Catholic Ciiurch did not 'teach that Ihe images or r.'pre-ent.iiions ol 'Christ and his s.iiiits.uoniuiii ii, lliein.elvi^ eny.viriiie or p iwer to ai i those who Keej 'Or luok upon them, and I felt that, us w> 'Oltcn sin, through ihe ui.lu»fiil use ol it must lie consoling to us to ilmtk fid lo experience fiat, through n pi.ms We ofithe-aine sense, and by fixing oui oil any image or represi-ntalioa of thr Sufferings and h unility of Je»m C irist,.. of the Blessed Virgin Mother of ti,.d wiroiy, .n one itniineut raise in our mind those feelings of resignation, humility, anu charity, which may suppress a rising sin. or, if the «in be alrealy co omitted, ma* lead us to an iinmcdiat' act ol'eontriiiou t One c insi-qiieiice uf these disc iverie - ®»d the refliecuons which they prmluced that my aiteutiou was drawn to t!i «tata of BrQiftHnnt^adetr in *hU. country, and .intleeii, in ( Very iitlier o .uht^"- ii wh.eh I'rotestan is ii eX'Si, ou t lo the til,a id ao or-iiiiJ to th.* prut'siiiig prl:n-ip », th? inev tab'e «b-ence of anv ainhnrtvocer Protest nits, to c.n.triil <ir cond 'm < ihoje div sinns which have alwa»« arise.i, an 1 inn -t n 'cessHrily continue 11 arise, and dncreu^e, throughout every Protestant ^jcietc. Upon my attention being thus f'T the first time, seriously drawn to tlie subject, and upon discovering the mis-represeutatio is of Citli ,lic principles, to which I Irsvp referred, I felt it t > be due, not only tithe securty .ifmy own eternal welf.rbut 11 tlieOa'liolio vligi ia, wlii li I fumd t»li.iv • been su cruelly misrepresented, to pros -cute an inquiry into the doctrines of th • C it'io >c Cliuic'i. I prared to Al nighty Go 1 for his gui lance in this enquiry, a id I for n d a d *U'r inua ion to ein.trace tlieCatllo'.ic relig on, in the event <if ih it en dinelea-ling my in nd to tlu cnnvictiun that it was the true one; for of th : s I fel< satisfied, t'lat as there is huto le f •itli, ther- could hut be one true Church or depii'ila'y uf that faith. In the p ogress of tlrs enquiry (in which ( co iferred with several cl-rgymen) a id in co trasiing the articles and s ate of e rnl-g on in wlneli 1 h id b -en cdu -ated. ani the hideous liii'reprcseutatons of Cit'aol c doctrines bv Prate-twits wi ll the rus ,,riiiL'ip ,'S of tl.e Catholic Cmrch, and he spiri' and practice nf unity therein, I soo p perceived, in a light ia wui.ih I had never before observed them, th-many c3iitl cting sects existing aiming iVitestants those sc.'ts cuntin lally increasini; an I su'idividiii^, and i-ach uf them i-nt r- tvning diietrines of ihe most opp sit- characters, and expressing tuvards the others feelings of the bitterest ho.till ly, although they all laid claim *o the mime of Protestant, and all reste I, or professed to rest, their rrspsctive an I opp uuig syste ns u;mu the sole .iuth iri y of ihe Ho y Script ires ( saw these se. ts c unmenciiig in this CO intry with th - "Church of England," having its mode'n t lirty-uiue articles, which somi of iis greatest and t : tled sup- ,i uters and mi is ers did not scruple to ail a<-tii'les of "the peace," as co itradisti ig li-lu'd from''artie'es of fa'th,|" and the <•» nrogressinir, until they arrived at <o ,, nii"ii u, I also observed that even a: ong th members of the Church of lingliu. , . jiv very l-w to ik the t.ouhle of c nisi ieri'ig, or eve i nf reading, its thirty nine ar icles, or inider.tood the d ictrinex of tlie Ca h iii -Church, to which the ex- :epive ami di-senting name of l'rotesaut" was applied; >• duty mnstunquestinns ib'.y incirnhent on those whoseperate tliiniselves, o who may qaveb en educated in » sepi-rate.l -tate, I om th.> hiic ent Church, •-p-cia ly wien own Church dise'aims infillili i y in t acing. I also n-marke I hwo nany, aven among me own acqu i litcce, vithout any scruple, repudiaatel the Athanasian Cved, of wh cli even ihe •ig'itli a t cle of the Church of England •rofess s to enforce die belief. I witnessed how often the recital of Ihis creed was omitted in the churches of the establishment, on those days which were appointed for its recital j how, also, many in a congregation have, on the occasion of its being publicly read, closed their boolts, or in some other marked manner, evinced their dissent fr >ni it, and, uotivit ist .tiding this, as<e't*d llie u^clves, an l were allow- "I by tneir clerjv, to lie members of the Church uf I'aiglan I, as bv law est iblisheil, i id su ;ip irtei's of its pmiiic il power. A'ld his is lint the only i. St luce in which the e ergv and I lit v of th - Clin ch of U.iprland evince h ird -sen fr-m wnai their prmer look p'csciill s. I will take th? nract'ee jf las'ini; as o e iustinue. In the C ni'cli •f Knglanil p'- jvi-li i k, dais are are nit'd to be ob orved as days or f is'i ig aid abstine.ire. Fow, it is ivideut ihat i J ro est nils of the C lurch o f E igl ind, do mt fa-t. except in some instances, on Goo 1 Fridiv, when abtaiu from flle h meat; md that, no withstanding ilieta'ile of fa-ting days, an I days ot abuinence, to be bund iu tli 'ir prayer-lni ik, tliev end 'inn fasting as a sU|.eis itious practice ; and i* 1 en the clergy of file Us.iibliKhinent eat a - s h meat on Fridays, andm in oth r days i.ite.l in t le r own table, as days of lasting ind u'ls^nence. Tile next instance ia which Protestants, both clergy and laity reject th i • Oivu irajvr-b.i.ik (and I refer to inese 'hings 11 'h Iiv how til • Pr Itestintism of 'lie "Church if R 'gland" is con .istent with n .tiling tint inco'isisteucv ) is in the form uf tli,. Visitatioi of the Sick, and the auricular Coufes- •ion therein pointed out and prescribed. If :herc is one subject oil which a Caihol c is t'.ack-d bv Pr.ites'aiits mare iha i a'toili- :r an 1 who i-in his feelings ar • s'loekcil IV Ihe flippa t manner n which it. is rea'ed by them, it is that of auricular confession. 1 hive oft n conversed with l'ritest nits on other d ictrines of the Catli die Jlnirch, and have almost invaii.ibly fnunl, that wiiqii thrlr argumiuiti liave been exhausted and a isvi'red .on one «il j '.-t or Cothiilic Jo-tiirie and f«it\ t'lev eiideavbur to attack this,. to n Catboli , nfist Ij.ily a-id.'C i iifirtabl? dutr of auriitular con'essioh, but it Is surjni i ig to lin l htiiv very few of t'le Protestants areaware of tlie p stage in their own prayer-b .ok to wliieh I refer; it is found in their service for the Visitation ef the sick, and is as follows : - [ "'Here shall the sick person be moved to make a sprciil confession of I'is sin', if he shali feel his co-science troubled w Ih anv weighty matter. After WHICH CONF SSION, TIIC PlIIKST Sllltl.L sn«m,VE him 'if Ii-huinbl-y and heartily <1 site ii), af.er this snit, "t)ur Lord lesiti Christ, who liath left power to his lurch ti abs'ilve all sinners »hii truly repe ,t and believe in at mercy f.irgiv thee tline <ffn es: and by his a it.iority, cmnmi ted t.i ine, I abolve t'li e frotn all t!iv sins, in ihe namr of t'le Father, aid o'the on, and of the II dy Gilo t. J lien.'"] Ia practice this conf'ssion is not made among I'miesimits; or i there he any is - lated instances of its being made, it is nut considered g.-nerally iu the nature of even a "confidential comuiuiiiciitiiiu": so (hit if a sick man should confess a sin to a cli-reymn:! nf the Esiahlishine it, and afterwards recover.this consequence would ensue that tiiere is no duty of vecresy wlii.ih precl id^s the clerjyma i frnin <lis— clnsi ig the crimes conf ssed lo liiin, and bringing tin- man b f.re the tribunals of the cou'iiry ; und that, contrary io the bun ted principle of English law, that no man shall be compeil. d to criminate hims If j and if the Wergi mai. Iiappe ied to be als a in igjjt otn he would aetually lahuur under a special a i.l svoru obligation to ilisclo-e the ill itters cnnfc c -e l to hail ; and • hen he might as a temporal judge, cun deinn ihu per on, wl.o had confessed to him as a inini,tci of reli jion, to a punslimrntin respect nf a crime which hud been disclosed tu liiui ujiO'i hisown earnest motion an I emre ity Noa', 1 w mid entreat those w io co isider this subject, in go along with me iu s.-eiug t ie aOsiiiutK impiety .Hill ill trilling mture of tliis prcser bed <'oiil'e-sion in t.ie hurch of Eiirflaiid.eeen if it wa. nude t i exist in praclic ', a id then c >>nra<t it with the Citliolie dnetr.ue aim practice. Every Catholic is taught lo feel Ihat he cannot worthily receiic the Irnly communion, or gain ihe benefit nf an indulgence, if be ne in tue slate of sin, or wit.iout a previous con ession ol his sins to tlie minister of od ; and lie is also taught, that he should be moved thereto by ihe love of, and I oiu the Ii irror arising trom his having ollended tjnd, and not in 'rely fr >ai '.lie dread of piiiii-hiiicut, or the fear of aprouching d utli ; bill ill the Church of England, their auricular confession is noi prescribed until ilie ma 1 be sick it may he wi h his memory impaired, his general lacul i s deadened or deranged, and when he is morally and pllj'sic.illy uu ililc t i fnrin au act ol co.itritiiui; and, tm-rcf ire,till.ililt: to co nply >vitli the " moving" request of the minister Is not this, I ask, a cruel mockery, if ii he not also an absolute impiuly ? file ''hurch of England <-it ler dues or does nut believe iu tue ellica.'y of auiicu ar confession ; if she does not believe in its efficacy, I usk, why does the passage ab >ve q nite.l now stand in IlL'f prayi-r-lK'iik, an i wlni placed it, and why was it placed there? and did thuse u hn placed it tlietv, believe as the ministers and laity of t ie C.iur -il uf E igland nuw i,elu ve and t ach if but if the Ciiurch of Eugla d does believe in the efficacy of »h it ii recomends to lie done in iis own prayer-bank, why in ihe name ot trutu, justice, and co.isisieucy, is the auricular c.mission therein prescribed, de:aysd t, ihe hour ol'lumau iuliruiiiy, .t may be of imbecility ? Hut 1 forbear, because, as a Catholic, it is not f.r me io so. lien the Cliurcu of liuglmd to reconcile contradictious ; but as a Catholic it is my right to demand uf, at least, that sect nf I'r.itesiautu who canstitite what is called " the C lurch as by law est b ished," lul "i revile the Catholic, who surrounded by the tempt Iiio.is ol tue U'.ui 111 ilie spaing, Hie su i.mer, and the aiiiuuin, as well as in sickness, resorts lo tue tribunal nf |ieuatice and t.iere tu ihe duly authorized miuiste of Uuil, humbly, and w.tli a deie niiiiatiun not tusiii again, cunfesses Ins past sins aim rece'Ves with a due dispositimi Ihe liuly ab,Oiutiun thro u'li the ministry of those tu wiioiii our lilc>scd llc'leenn r has declared, "that wli.ilesoeier-ins they sliould re ni. should be remitted, and wh isesoe er sins tln yslioiildreiiiiiishould bereiaineil",§ and who. by the particular coiife«sinii made tn Ilim, knofls w -ni sills he is called upon to louse, and w.ien it may be prudent for u time at I east,to del iy absolution Now if the clergy of the Church of Kiigl.nuJ, nun-ad of lj inding these questions, were openly to declare their beliei to be in accordance wiili every p.,rt of their own prayer-book, I am convinced that it would appear how very lew,in truth, of iliose wh • are classed as members of tli it Ciiurch would su unit to such teaching. Indeel, if subscription or non-.subsirip.ioti of the liturey is to be cousid red as n iy criterion of a p-r.son being or nut be ng a member of a Church, it is fair io presume, ill it the ill mbcrs of the Church of , it jlaml wmili' ix^iosed lo this test, in iHiinbers dwii.die inii, a most insignificant sect; for I myscll have never conversed wiili a >ingle Pr.it-stant, speaking on t ie subject nf th • auricular confession prase ib; I in tnsir scrv ce for t ie visilat oti nf the sick, who did not, when it was pointed nu> to him, unhesitatiiigly declare his uu (ualifiH.I d s.eut fr un it. I felt the weight uf tii;se c iisidera'.iutis, and I naturally askeil mvself ihis q iesti.ui: —Wile her ihe system uf Protest mtisni, a system thus evidently, iu its chief sect, su ucc imod ning to the pride of hum m, and of even individual rea.uii,- a i-y tem wh'cli thus tempor s -s viti its own liturgy und arti-le«—could lie til" Ireistir.-liuuse of the rel giou of Jesus Christ, nr could possess tile authority of lliat uni'ed hurch which our blessed Lord fou d d, and un vhich he so evid uitly conferred the caaract-risiic of infa libi itv n lath mid doctrine. by Ii 8 pr.m.i •, ill it the Ho v S,ii.it sh.iuld abide in lier ti tile end of Hun-? and this led me to the c ns d-rati ui ol lie fll.iwin; questions: -First, doe~ he Bible, wnich Pr iicstauts maininiii a- conloiiiing Cclearly lai I down tj th • c uii- .irehen-inii ofallcapacities! all that is necessary tube so kiiow i by ch.i tiuns, really contiin,so clearly lai I d ivn.an I iiiilepenlentolthe la c assertion of Protest uts themselves prove iisell to emit.in all tliut is necessary to be so known ! and secomlly shuu'd the liililc be s ibmitied, as it is b\ he Protesta .tp'actice. ti the iudivtduu examiiiaiioii and interpretation ofall Caris- 'auF,without any rejard tu th; oieasure if grace, faith, or inicdect, of those tu A'liose int'rprciation it is so submitted Iu r.-Terence tu the lirsi q lesti.in, it i^ lerfectly . lear, that the New le.tuuiou ;nnini .s un expression, by 1 hrist or lit Miostles cuiisti'.utiu^ it the sole uuil cielu site authority in mailers of faith; but i.i. ino 'iili'i'tlu! evidences tend to uu oppns t' nnclusion, and show that it never could lave been intended to form the so'e b is s "f, un'i nuili i-i'v fur 1'ie Cliriai in '" t'- n tlie OHeluslnn pvery Other ooiliodlfi Kuch, i'ur iiistnuca. as itie oral pre ichitif! >>f the aposi'c and tlieir successors, the fathers nf ihe Ciiurch; anil Ihe declarations of faith, traditiuiis; and us .gt-s of ..lb , C'niich: and ihe fdlow ng an.dvsis of lie ' New 'e.tiimeut will, I conceive, alone prove ihis to be the case. he New Testament, we all know, consists of the four gospels of SS. Matthew,, Hark, Luke, and John, the Arts, lb Epistles, and the Apocalypse. The special cau-e which introduced the writing ofench gospel lias been liu..ded down to us: for instance, -I atthew wrote his gispel to satisfy the converts of I'ulestine; t Mark wrote his gospel at the preasi tr entreaties of the f.iiibfd at Hume; St. I.uke wrote his (lOijiel lo oppose false hi to ies : t John, at the req le-t of tile l,js'iup< of \pifl, to leave an iitilheutic testi osnv against the lieres es of Cerilillius and Ebion • Now, as tu the four banks uf the Evangelists, they ure evidently r.-curds of nearly the same trui.sactions, and they are confined In ihe same period of ti >e, eudili? n the a-censiiiii ot our b'.eased Lmd. Each nf lll -se book ciintains only a lew chapters, which evidently d.i not, und cannot, record all that Christ did and preached ; inde d. this is rxtiress'.y asserted by St. John hiiu.elf atihecu.l orliis g ispel; nnd as reg irds die b iuk ol the Acts (lf nle Apos lies, tnis, upnn its nwu face, appears to ne au accuunt only of a very small p-.rtiou of the Acts and prcaching of llwse apo t es, fur it is almost entirely coufi u d to an account nf the couveisi'in, and an evidently iiicoui|i|ete h story nf the life und preaclii ig .if St. Paul. It contains no account of etfen the death nf ihul ajiostle, and scarcely any account uf the preaching and acts Oi the sillier apustlcs Now, ii cannot lie denied, ihat all which any ul the apustlcs taught was taught under the inspirati iu nf the Holy Spirit j yet, where there is ill the New Tista iieut. any record of iheir preaching or miracles, ,-ave in this short and evidently inco npleic book of Ac s? rile few I pis tes, which are tli ise uf fouof ill* aposiies only, viz, St. ('mil, James, I'eter, and John, sur.-ly cann.it Le contended Tor ns co .taiuiug unv evidence of tieir recording all that is necessary to be known, al.h iugh ihey, and especially Ihe i-.pistle of ^t. James, contain wlut every Caihulit: must consider tn be important proofs of many of 'lie doctrines of his Church, which i'r.itc-tuiits rej it. The nature nf the Apocalypse is too well known to require uny commentary. IVo one can pretend thai it is otherwise than proi,helical Upon the whole, therefore, I cannot but c ins der the New I'esta nent in the lijillt in ilitch the Catholic Church considers it: viz , with the greatest veil -rition : bui, al the same time, tint as au exclusive authority fur Christian dni'iriue, or as ever having been intend, (I Id be such. In other words. I caiinut but luus upon it as a short and incomplete account of th- lives, preaching, and miracles ol Christ, and some of his apust.'os, several of wliom lived many yea-s alter the aseensiou of our blessed' Lord, in the constant exercise of ihe.r divine commission, te idling the religion of J.sus Christ, and those "other things" wlii.il Jesus did, but wliieh, iu ihe language ol St John,were nut coniaincd i i lus^nspel.t and which arc, cv.denily, not contained in the other pnriions of the New Testament, I could nut, therefore, but view it iis a hold .isicrlion, tint a snali booK like the N'eiv Testament, su evidently imperfect iu its narrative, contains all things-so fully a .d clearly 1 lid d.nvu therein as to lead all minds perusin. r it to the same conclusion. Upun the secund question, i. e. run the liib.e b' pr.ijierly suuuii te t to the inli du il exau'inatinu and criticism of all Christ ans? And, beginning tvitli ihe 'Id testament, 1 cuuld observe, linl, unde the Jewish dispeiisttti.nl, and even iiuionw thuse people whose laws vv.-re expressly coininanJcd tu be ivritten, a bjdy of te tcheis were constituted, with a successive autuurily lo teach and expound all tli ii^, rilatiug Ihereto; und the authority given bv Gudto those teachers, mu-t be admitted by ail Christians to have determined by tiie institution of the Church of Jesus Christ. As regards the New Testament, I cannot discover by what means the Protestant proposition can be maintained; beside-, there is an apparent iuco.isisteiicy in the 1'rote.staiil practice nf Mi'iniiiiing the Holy Scriptures iu the individual iiilerpivtalio i uf all who call simply read them, or listen to iheir reading, and tile attempt of the Church of England to frame its ihirty-iiine articles and, tile multitude .if I'rotiMant seeis wliieh have arisen out nftlie practice of submitting the iloly Scriptmcs to i>uch individual interpretation, is a proul to tny mind, uul tu be ans,vered by any mere argument of I'ruivsiaut.s, that tills their cliL-rislleJ p.aetiee ol conceding tile liberty ol individual inquiry and exaniiiiutiiiii ul the Holy Scriptures, so far from leading tlicin in in a cniiiniuniun <if faith, and a due Miiiiiiission lo ecclesiast'.cal mtilluriiy, h m produced u variety of eoiisTrucions nf tunsi W Til l ^rid important pn«*nga« In thqso -criplifrt'»; line coiistruclion giving 1 irtli tu one -tct, and siihe'e -ons ruct ons to other seerunltl. as expericnie has taught us, ti stafc of religious sociily in lllis cpumry has been for ncd, and nuw cxisls, which is unparallelled in any otlier than Protest ml countries, and which renders any principle of unity, as aii ingredient of Protestantism, i mpossible; with this additional mischief, that, by submitting to sncb individual examination of the Bible only, ihe system which ki acts upon mankind, nor only fails in producing unity in faith mid doctrine, but cnlltracis and lessens the very evidences of Cliristianitv, which me so s itisfactorilv and beautif lly demonstrated by the prtaclrng of the ! Apastles and iheir successors the Holy Fathers, and which are pr (served to this dav in the records and traditions of the Catholic t'liurclt* In pursuing Ihts subject. I will observe, that it is tn liter of notorietv, that many clergymen of tlie < liurch of England are divided, not only as between themselves and various seels called Protestant Oiss-nters," "Orihinlox Dissenters "&<•., but also among themselves, in regird to the construction to lie put upon tlie Huly Scriptures. If this were not the case, how could th^ hurch, as she d ies, consist partly ot what is c,-ti ed the High Church p rty, and partly of another body called the Low Church partv . and llus leiug he ennditiuu of the ministry, what must be tlie state nf the l iity of the 1 htii'.-h of Knglund? lint ihen it is frcquen ly in- sisted. tliut obedience to, or a belief in, the thirty nine article--, is not necessary to • onstitute a prrson a member of ih 'a Church, and I will here d-clarc, that if anv circumstance had been want ng to complete Hie conviction which formed ilie crounuwork of my renunciation nf I'ro estaulisir. and my conversion to the Catholic Church, this incnusisiency would have done it, and reli ved my mi id ofall anxiety on the su j.-ct althou^li. h'pplv, my conviction of the tru "n ol the do-trines of the Catholic Cliurcii as well a. upon the just claim of tli s Church to mi exc usive authority, was so complete at the time when I made tny profession of the Catholic 'uitli in the autumn of 1837, that even th s iucunsistency of the Church of England, in first setting up its tlii ly-nine articles of faith, and then dispensing with the necessity of believing iu them all, cuuld nut add to tny satisfaction and peace of mind in regard to the conr-e wh cli I adopted. But although the t hurch of England ana its teachers are thus accommodating to tlie scruples of eo many of its nominal meinhers the law and practice of I he establishment are nut equally s'onsideraie towards those who seek in Iht Universities in ih s country to acquire learned distinctions, For, from its learned member* who seek those distinctions, whether lav sir clerical, the law enacts a subscri piion to the thirtynine articles, which it thus sets up as the standard of im faith and doctrines, whilst it is content never to inquire into the estent of the b -lief in, or subscription to, thuse articles by its other members, thus placing the learned portion of its members under one rule or system of belief, and the unlearned under another. Yet lliis is a system, which its adherents, even in its highest place, (which avnweilly suivy the principle of unity which exists in the Catholic Church) would call a i alholic system, if llley cmld tl, sn without falsifyutg tlie evidences of antiquity, and violatuig the propriety of language; bu surely this cuuld not have been the svstein 'if the Apo«tles wh > exacted oli' dience to the teaching authority of the r one Church, under the severe penalty ofdisobedience; which pena'ty consisted in proiioiineing, after due warning, every ilisobedient member of the church as an excommunicated person in the exercise of a power given lo express terms to li r; the gift of which power I look upon as an additional evidence of tlie necessary infallibility of tli» true t hurch, fur *iih what justice of rc.ivm can it lie conceived that our Lord would have placed this terrible pouer of excommunication, nf cutting off from the s.icietv ofihe faithful in other than infallible hi,nds p The observation which I have already offered respecting the dliVreine of opinion anionn- persons iu the Church of l-.ngland t luclimg th.'Ailuinas an Jr. eds le 'ds to another proof of what i consider tn be the ' ftla'p ofthi« church: firinst&nflfc;, il the elerjfv <>f ihis church do sine rely subscribe to th s creed, why do ihey «d frequently recngui-e hs members of tin-it < licrch iliose jiersons who nr." known by them io repudiate it f fur irry many, if not most protestunt clc gym ii, would certainly not refuse, to a person known to repudiate nnd "protest" against this creed, any of tbe offices of their Church. Again, it is the practise with clergymen of the Church of England, fr >m their (nilpits, to teil their cougregafions, that if tliry (the clergy) preach anything but what can lie proved bv the bible, such prea li ng inav be tie rejecled, rejeciea, lud ina that inai they iney (te laity) will act rightly iu lejeciing It. Now this of u certainty, is so far consist- 'ent wiih ihe Protest ant practice uf submilling Ihe bible to the individual examinaiion of the laity, as ihe only necessary foundation fur faith, "ul then, mark tlueff-i t of tueli a proposition, In Ihe first pi ice, it administers most largely to h.lman pride and vanity, fur it constitutes each individual thus n Idressed un iudependent expounder of Holy Writ, and his own tea' her, and ihis necessarily amounts to a disclaimer on the pari of the Chureh of Uiiglniid, nol merely of the iilie to infallibility, but "f ilie very character nf a levelling au'iuirny, ami eniiReipiently. to a disclaimer <if any right to frame or enforce, e en as " i-.rti.-les of the piece." any of its thirty-nine articles; fur upon what pr:r<cipl- enii nrticl s ot faith, or authorised c inelusiin s froin -cripture, or, in other words, a s andard of faith and docirine, be drawn, if the very source from which thosi articles are alleged to lie drawn, is to be made the subject of individual interprctatinn ? But how different from ihis inconsistency and natural weakness of Pr iteslantism is the Catholic principle of unity! This Church, considering the Christian religion and doctrines :.s having been imeiided by their Divine Auih-r to continue tu the end of time, cnusideis also that Clirist give corresponding and necessary powers tills apostles and their successors, which powers, like Ills holy hurch. were intended to coniiunc lo the end of time, and that the very essenceof those powers was an exclusive authority of declaring and enlorcing the doctrines of this his I hurch. To such an authority as this the Catholic believes that it became, and will lie ihe <iuty ol nil l hrislians to the end nf time, to bow with Mibuii siou. Kut surely, that cannot be the true Church, the principal and leadiub aci of whiili is io repudiate, as it is evident the i hurch of England does, the character of infallibility which Christ, in the promise of the presiding power of the Holy Spirit over his Church io the end of lime, su clearly made to her; for the unanswerable proposition «feveiia athulic child on llu« important . subject is equal to a mathematical deuionstraiion, it being thai, where ihe Holy Spirit of tuid is to rest to the end of lime, there also, to the end of tim •, must, of necessity, exist infallibility; in other words, a secure protec tiou against any doctrinal error. The Cathoiic principle mu t. therefore, be r : ght. Il is Unit, ill a Church thus con-touted by its Divine bounder, Ilie Holy Spirit, in accordance with I lie eternal promise of Jesus Christ, ubides iu her, and effectually protects her from euror, whilst the very Protcstaut principle of submitting Ihe" Holy Scriptures to Ihe iudividu il judgment tif Protestants, embodies n disclaimer of that t iching a i lioritg which Christ most em- |ihatcdly conferred upuu his Church.— Woo, therefore, can be so huM as loueny that the iulallibilitv of the true Church must of i.ecessitv be her princip d feature and first liile tu the submission nf her children? And who ran uitli truth asseit that any of the various I rote-taut sects h .ve any title" to such infallibility o: character, even if they did not themselves (as they do) disrl itin it ! To the end that [ may not be exposed to the charge so commonly, but at. the same time to uuju-tly, made by Pruteslants against Catholics, uf a want of reverence for the Iloly Scriptures, of a pos'ponen ent of their auth.ir ty lo mat uf tradition, and of a fear of Iheir evidences, as tending against atlmlic iioctriues, I declare, that 1, in common with ail i ulh lies, deny ihis caaigc to be true; fur with I hem I revere the uly scriptures, believing Ihe writings which constitute liiem t.i have been penned under the inspiration of the Iloly Spirit; and 1 would r« ter those by whom alliul cs are so unju^t y accused on this subjeci, tn the constant quotations truoi the uoly Scr.piures in the sublime ollices of our Chuich, to the veneration paid to the Holy (iosjiel nt - ur ultars, and by all Caihulics, and to the prayer contained in the Catholic prater-books in reference tu tlie reading of the iloly tiospel, from which I may extract the fallowing passage : —" All that is ,\ritleu of lliee, dreud Je-us, in thy G ispel, is truth itself; nuthiiig but wisdoiu in iny actions, power ami goodness iu tjiy miracles, light and instruction in lliv words;" and then I would call their aiteutiou to the lad t.,at, portions of tli, lioly Uuspel and Epistles are read in K^l.sl, „ lllllss on every Sunday.' Io tu • lat l,e " ** con.ai.i : words of life; but llley lire also taught tu believe ihat, by being read, except under | 'he teaching au horny of the Ciiurch, they i may be convened, ny individual and un authorised construction, into words o! death : thus verifying the expression Si. Peter, mat "tlier are many ilung- in Sciijiiiire liai'il to be under-toud, and which the unstable and unlearned wresi to ilii'ir own uestructiou," (2 Peter iii. C.) All this pi list, surely, satisfv any candid mind of the belief of Catholics under Ihe true teaching authority in the uoly-Scriptures. Besides, every Cath.dic must feel convinced that no article nf his faith is ill consistent wiili them, when exnniu -d, as tlll'V can only with safety be examined, under the infallible iti-iruction of his Church; and tliut, as tn the Irud tians oi his I hurch, they are received by him on tlis priaei >!.'. —ill it th.i e ants of Christ and h s apostles, which evidently are noi embodied in the New testament, ns ueli as the preaching and acts ul ihu-e holy men, who, as succ -ssors of the \pusiles, •'•ay be well, ay llley are called, the Fathers of Ihe > hurch, nnd lo whuin the I) vine Spi it was imparted, disclose the tru d.icinnes ol Christianity, and \oji-ther with Ihe Iloiy Scriptures, cuiUiitut • a mass of eviden e i» the 'ruths o: Clinstiauiix riot to be overpowered by the inlidcl; and to confirm the cjiisiructiuii uf the Catholic liurch nf me Holy Scriptures, especially in those in-tanccs in winch many passages contained therein are and must be admit ted tu be, ot d uibtful iuierprelati.ni, wiili,nit the aid of the true teaching uuthoruy. Connected with this we cannot fail to murk the result of the I'lolestaut rule oi submitting the Iloly Scriptures tu tlie e«- .imiualioii of Protestants; and iu ihis we witness the existence of numerous opposing seels, each having star-ed int* pjtia t«ni^ tyySfl its^vn tniirid^al and C..ii3tni(!duji wf (huse..'ic|'jpture«J or upon the fatitiful, peculiar, and miafttho' rised inter,-retauon «il ih-at by some individual of specious addtax, find rapable <_if imp sing upun the credulous minds of fait bearers. tVe also tie thiU Ihe Church of England has net,' lipoij its! i»wn princi^f of submitting the Scriptures to tHe'tn* dividual examination and interpretation ol its members, the power l»y any jiuUic act or council, with any consistency,, ^ separate from itself, or from the uaine*- Protestant, any of those other nnd fiomer ous sects wh'cli have, in their turtt l-ecnnie i-ecnoie Pro'estauts i-m'Mwiai ngsinst egsmn. the un.- OhnrchaJ England; these successive and continually increasing seels a o.ing Protes'ai.ts, accordins to tbe admirable sentiments ofjV' W iseman, verifying by their existence the justice ofliod, so often apparent in th* punishment of filial rebellion, .by |iermilting the disobedient child, in its turn, ta be afflicted by its own rebellious offspring -for t'-e very conditi o in whichthe Protect is now to .»e viewed is, in it«slf, a mo-t striking proof of their system not being the true one. Alm'gbty God h»« vouchsafed to man a living proof of the truth oj Christianity itself in the state of the Jews; and lie seams also to warn Christiansagiiost ilie sin of heresy, and to call those wlio have wau lir«d fruui the Church back to ber bosom, by inanif sting the utisellled and disunited condition of Protestants in iheir many jarring ».cli«nd opinions, anil in the total absence umong them of the Catholic principle of authority and iin tv, to iruide and direct their steps ; thus making tlie condition of Protestantism j as living a Jestimotiv_ot the danger of heresy, by a departure from, and a renunciation of, the Catholic Church, as the.condition of the Jewish race is of the fulfilment nf Ihe prophecies and the truth of Christianity itself. Th. se reasons produced my happy conversion «o the Catholic Church: and although I shou d have ielt myself bound to rcnou ice Protestantism upon tlie cobscientious conviction of ihe authority and infallibility of the Catholic Church without attending to any controversy in regard to the doctrines of the < hurcii which Protestants do not agree to (for the infallibi ilu of the true Ciiurch must at ence establish her doctrines), jret, from ihe admirable frame of Dr. Wueineo's lectures, I had tba opportunity |iffbrded nie of which I availed myself, of considering ia detail those doctrines, of contrasting the respective arguments of ' atliolics and Protestants upon them, and of discovering the misrepresentations of t alholic doctrines, in which 1 had been brought up. I had also the happiness to arrive at the conviction of tlieir truth, in addition to the sincere conviction of the exclusive authority and iuf*llibiliiy of the Catholic Church.' And, in conclusion, i would suggest to ihe various and conflicting sccts of Protestants to pause before they attack ihe doclriner of tbe Catholic Church, in order lliat they m»y, as a Iiist step, settle among themselves, if tliey can, which one of these sect*ii considered—or can be admitted by them to be —the true Church of Christ; and, as such, entitled to place itself iu tbe altitude of an assailant of tlie ancient faitk 1 And it would be well for thuse who call themselves members of the Church of England, to consider whether this Church, who is the mutherof so many sects,— she, who in her articles and practice is so temporising*^ the, who has variedsnuften in her ductrinea and belief, can, by any possibility, or even in Iter own judgment, be the true, the consistent, the infallible, and immaculate spouse or Jesus Christ ? Dec. 8. John Atiianasiue Cookb. 