. THE. GHOST RAISER. My Unela licngley, who commonccd his com I mereial career, very carly in the present century j as a bagman, will tell s torios..- Anvng them, ho tells his single-Ghost Storr so.often, that t am heartily tired of it. . In felt1 defence, therefore, I publKli tho talo, in ordorthat when next thc good, kind old gentleman ollera to boro us. with it, everybody may say they know it. I remember every wurd of it. . - ? i . One fino autumn evening, about forty years ago, I was travelling on horseback from Shrews- bury to Chester,. I felt tolerably tirod. and waa beginning to .look out for somo. snug -way-side inn whoro I might pass tho night, whou a sudden and violent thuudcr storm caine cn.. My horse, 'terrified hy the lightning, fairly ta k ibo bridle between his teeth, .and started oil' .with mc et i'ulj gull ip lluougk. Intica and cross-roads, until nt length .1 managed to pull bim up just near tho do^r of a ncat-lcoking country »tm... ; .. . * Well,", thought 1. "thoro. wua wit In yonr madness, old boy, since it brought us to this com formble refuge." , And . alighting, I gave him itt charge to the stout farmer's., boy. who acted.«* ostler. , ,The. inn-kitchen,, which, AV nj. also .tho guest-room, was large, cleon, neut, and comforta- ble, vcry.likc tito pleasant hostelry. <lescrlbed..by Izaak . Walton.. There were., *evcxat>,lraycllc;s ulrcudy - in tho room-probably, like my'df, driven there fur shelter-and they wore all warm- ing thouueives by tho blazing fira trhilo waiting for «upper.- I joined the I ur ty. RnteaUy* being aatntnoned br tho hostess, we all sat fto\i twelve in number, to a smoking repast of bac and eggs, corned beef and carrots, nnd stew hare. The conversation naturally turned on the m haps occasioned by the storm, of which e»eryo seemed to have had his full share. One had be thrown off his horse; another, driving in a gi had been upset into a muddy dyke; all had g a thorough wetting, and ngreed unanimously th it wa« dreadful weather-a regular wîtchi sabbath! "Witches and ghosts prefer for their sa bath a tine moonlight night to. such weather this !" . ? . ; ..' ' . These words were uttered in a solemn t tte, ni with st i ange emphasis, by one ot tho coinpan Eb was a tall dat k-lo»k¡í¡g man, and i hud s him down in my own mind ns a travelling mc chant or pedlar. .My next neighbour was a gu wcll-1 oking, fashio'nnbly.dresscd young um who,- bursting into a peul'of laughter, said " Vou must know thc manners and customs ghosts very well to be able to tell that they di like getting wet or muddy." The first speaker giving himadtivk fierce loo said " Voting man, speck not so lightly of thin) above your comprehension." " 1)0 yon menu to imply that there are sue things ns ghosts ?" " Perhaps there are, if you lind courage to lee at them." Tho young mon stood up, flushed with ange But presently resuming his seat, he said calmly " That taunt should cost you dear, if it were iii sueli a foolish one," "A foolish one !" exclaimed tho merchan throwing on the table a heavy leathern purs " There are fifty guineas. I am content to lo! them, if, before the li ur is ended, 1 do no: sut coed in showing you, who are so obstinately pr« judiced, thc form of any one of your decease friends ; and if, after you have recognised hin you will allow him to kiss your lips." We nil looked nt each "other, but my yun neighbour, still in the same injcking manne: replied : " You will do that, will you ?" " Yes," said thc other-" I will stake thes fifty guineas, on condition that you will pay similar sum, if you lose." After a short silence, the young man sait gaily: .. "fifty guineas, my worthy sorcerer, are mor than a poor college sizar ever possessed ; bu here arc five, which, if you are satisfied, 1 sha be most willing to wager." Thc other took up his purse, saying, in a cjn tcmptuous tono :- - . " Vonng gentleman, you wish to draw bork ? " / draw back]" exclaimed thestudent. " Well if I had the fifty guineas, you should seo whethe I wish to draw back!" . " Here." said I, "are four guineas, which I wil stake . n your wager." No sooner had I made this proposition thai the rest of the company, attracted by the singu lari ty of the affair, came forward to lay dnwi their money; and in a minuto or two th . fut; guineas were subscribed. The merchant ap pcared so sure of winning, that ho placed al the stakes in thc students hands-, and prepare: for his experiment. W . selected for the pur pose" small suranier- houje in the garden perfectly isolated, and having no means of exi but n window end a door, which wo carefully fastened, after pla'ing the young mun'within We put wiiiing materials on a small tab!* ill tin summer-house, and took iiwny the candles Wi remained outside, with the pedlar amongst us !n A low solemn voice he began to chant ihc fol lowing lines : " What lisath si w from the ocean caves And tho stormy surf ? The phantom pale sets his blackened foot , On the fresh green turf." Then raisins; his voice soloinnly he said "You asked to see your friend, Francis Vil- liers, who was drowned^ three years ago, offthi coast of South America-what tio you seo ?" . "* I see,", replied the student, a white lighi arising near the window ; but it has no form ; it is like an uncertain' cloud." . Wc-the spectators- remained profound!) silent. "Arc yon afraid ?" asked the merchant, in « loud voice. . " » " I am not," replied ¡the student, firmly. : < .After u moment's silence, the pedlar stamped three times on.tho ground, und sang; " And the phantom white, whose clayrcold face Wits once so fahy Dries with his shroud his clinging vest And his sen-to^scd huir," . Once more the solemn question : "You, who would see re\coled the mysteries of the tomb-what do you see now ?" Tho student answered, in a calm voice, bul like that of a man describing things as they pa* belore him: ¡ "I seo the cloud taking the form of a phan- tom ; its head is cove: ed with a loug veil-ii stands still !" " Arc you afraid ?" " 1 am iiot !" We looked at each other in horror-stricken silence, while tho merchant, raising his aim« above his head, chanted, in a scpulch ul voice: " And tho phantom said, as he rose fruin thc wave, Ho shall know mo ,in sooth 1 « I will go to my friend, gay, smiling, aud fond, As iii our first youth !" "What do you see?" said he. " I sec the phantom advance ; ho lifts his veil 'tis Francis Villieisl he approaches tho table-he writes!-tis his signaturel" "Aro you afraid?" - A fearful moment of silence ensued; then the student replied, but in an altered Voice: .* I am not." - ! With 6t ange and frantic gestures, the merchant then sung: " And the phantom «aid to the mocking seer, . I como from the South; Put thy hand on my hund-thy heart on my heart Thy mouth . n ny mouth!" " What do you see ?" . "Ho comes-ha approaches-ho pursues mo -ho ¡8 stretching ont hi? arms-ho will have mo. Help I help ! ; Savo nie !" ? . "Aro you afraid nutet" asked tho merchant, m ara eking voice. .... .> . . ! A piercing cry, and then a stifled groan, wero the only reply to'this terrific nuestion. i , .-. "Help that rash youth I", sold the merchant, bitterly.. have, I think, won tho wager ; hut it is sufficient for inc to have-given him a lesson. Let him keep his tnauoy, and be wiser fur tho future." ., , « Ho walked rapidly away. We opened tito door of the summer-house,and found tho student in convulsions. A paper, signed with tho., unino "Francis Villiers," was on tho table. ..AB soon as the student's senses were restored, ho asked Tchcnicntly whoro was tho vile sorcoror who had subjected him to such a horrible ordeal-ho would kill him 1 Ho sought bim throughout tho Lin. iu vain I then, with tho speed of u .madman, ho da. bcd off across tho fields in pursuit bf kim I -aud we never *aw cither of them again. That, ¡ children. Í6 iny OhostStory 1 ,, . . ; < " And ii. w ls It uncle, that ,kfior th»t you don't beliova in ghosts ? said I; the first time I Lewd it. .. , ? . ? t ; . v" Because, ruy boy," replied my uncle, "nei- ther the student nor tho merchant ever returned # and tim forty-five guineas, belonging to me and thc other travellers, continued equally invisible. Thc¿e two swindlers cai ned them off, after har- ing ¡Jeted a farce, ¿which wo,,'like HÜmioa, be- lieved to be real 