SYNODICAL LETTER OF THE FATHERS ASSEMBLED IN PROVINCIAL COUNCIL, AT SAINT MARY'S, OSCOTT. WE, THE ARCHBISHOP AND BISHOPS OF THE PKOV1NCH- OV WESTMINSTER, IN PROVINCIAL SYNOD ASSEMBLKD. ' To our dearly -beloved Brethren and Cnildren in Christ, the Clergy, Secular and Regular, and the Faithful under our jurisdiction.' Health and Benediction in our Lord Christ Jesus. A lew month* ago we separately solicited your , prayers, and we enjoined public aupplioations to obaia for ourselves the light and guidance of God's holy spirit in the Synod which has been convoked, and appointed to be held by ub, on the 6th of July,, at St. Mary's College. It ia now our pleasing duty conjointly to addreBS you before separating., to an nounce to you- that Almighty God has graciously) heard your prayers, and to claim from you a tribute of sincere and cordial thanksgiving to Him for Bib- many mercies bestowed upon ub. For, although it .would ill become, us to speak with commendation of anything that we have done, and according to our Divine Master's commands , we must needs say. at the conclusion of our work, that ' we are only unr .profitable servants,' (Luc. xvii. 10), yet we may not .be silent, and withhold from you a share in that joy and gratitude which fill our own hearts ; because God has dealt kindly wilh us in' these days, which we have cheerfully devoted to our highest duties. For to Him we attribute the peace and cheerfulness, the union and charity which hav.e made this our first Synod truly a meeting of brethren duelling in unity. (Ps. cxxxii,); to Him we owe the edifying asr siduity and exactness with which all engaged in this ho.ly ,wor.k have discharged their allotted functions ; to Him we refer the calm, the impartiality, and the prudence which have distinguished the deliberations and conclusions of the theologians invited to assist us; and- if it.shall please Him that there shall be found aught of wisdom or usefulness in the decisions to which we have come, not to us, but to Him and to His holy name be given all ihe glory. — /Ps.cxiii. 9) For on His promises we have relied, and to His light vie have looked, and not to our own un worthiness,.fqr being rightly led .to .conclude what might please Him best. And purely, dearly beloved, it is no small token of the Divine .favour, that after many ages, during which the ,Sjnod:cal action of our holy Church has been here. suspended, we should have been enabled, , so naturally and so easily, aqd with so rouch.comfort and fruit to, reassemble and accurately perform what ever has been prescribed for such solemn occasions, and proceed in peace and undisturbed calm till we brought pur undertaking to its joyful conclusion. Such mercies must not be passed by without their merited expression of gratitude ; and we have there ,fore appointed the coming Festival of the Assump tion of the Blessed Virgin, Sunday the 15th of Au gust next, for a day of general and solemn thanks giving, either at the close of Mass, or at Benediction .'in the evening. The ' Te Deum,' with its versicles and prayers, vwill besung (or recited where no music ,js ordinarily performed) ; and the Prayer for Thanks giving jvill be inserted in every Mass, under the same ^conclusion as.the collect of the day. We .earnestly invite you all, -pearly beloved, to join your hearts to purs, in the warm and hearty dis charge of this duty of gratitude and love. (For we .feel assured that you will agree with us in the con .viction,. that .through this Synod great and lasting . blessings have been bestowed upon the Catholic Church in tins country, as soon as the decrees and provisions, therein made, shall be published and put in force. -You are not iguorant that the acts of a Provincial Council have no authority, and therefore cannot be made public, nor can its decrees be enfor ced until they shall have been submittid to the cor rection and judgment of the Holy Apostolic See, and to have received its confirmation. Until then, what ever has been enacted necessarily remains sus pended and secret ; but we trust it will not, be long ^before we may comtunnicate it to you. Pi lit in the meantime, v»;e .wish to impartto you auchfrujt of our deliberation as does not come within the limits of this stricter law; and I to address you ?upon'' various topics possessing religious interest, which we have timely and profitably to urge on youi serious attention. They will thus come before you with that weight and authority which the united voices of all your Pastors can bestow. I. The first and paramount subject on which we desire to speak to you, as Fathers, conveying1 to their children the dearest wishes and interests of their hearts, is— the education of the poor. On this topic you are yearly, and even more frequently, addressed by each of us; and it is difficult to add to the re peated and urgent appeals which are made to your consciences and your sympathies*. But the more the subject is considered, the more its importance increases, and the more we (eel it our duty to awaken your- minds and hearts to its pressing claims. The education of the poor has always been con sidered as one of the most important duties confided to the Church. But while in every age she has faith fully discharged her obligation, it is dear that the manner of doing so will vary with the circumstances of time and place. Where Faith is undisturbed, and morality unassailed ; where the war of life has to be with the inward passions more than with the outward world, then the training of the child in the way whereon he has to walk is a simple taBk. The habit of Divine Faith gives a solid groundwork for the. building which has to be raised ; and simple instruction, line upon line, raised it up to the re quired measure, without hindrance or opposition. The example of all around, the' unanimity of their convictions, and the repetition of identified principles co-operate with the early precepts, strenghten them, consolidate them, and help to keep unimpaired the foundation first laid. But where on every side ag gression has to be encountered, where every stone that is added to the building is contested, and has *o be defended ; where not only counteracting, but des tructive influences have to be resisted ; where not merely the superstructure, but the very foundation must be secured by endless precautions and multi plied safeguards, the duty of attending to early edu cation becomes complicated and difficult, and requires more serious thought, more time, more agencies, and more vigilance' thau at other times. And such is our case now. Except through a laborious education we cannot guarantee to our little ones a single sound principle, one saving truth. From the doctrine of the Blessed Trinity to the smallest precept of the Church, they are exposed even in childhood, to hear all dogma and all practice assailed, ridiculed, reasoned against, and blasphemed. Systems of education, made as tempting as possible by promises of greater learning, or offers of present advantage, surround parents and their offspring; and too often the fatal bait is swallowed, arid the re ligion of the child is sacrificed to any imaginary tem poral welfare. It is in the midst of this state that we have now to secure the education of our poor. If we wish to have a generation of Catholics to succeed the present one We must educate it, or others' will snatch it up before our eyes. If we determine to educate it, it must be with all the means and pains necessary to cope, first with tha effort made to defeat our purpose, and then with the dangers and temptations that will beset those on whom we bestow this heavenly boon. In other words, our education must be up to the mark of modern demand, and yet it must be solid in Faith and in piety. The first necessity, therefore, is a sufficient provi sion of education adequate to the wants of our poor. It mnst become universal. No congregation should be allowed to remain without its schools, one for each sex. Where the poverty of the people is ex treme, we earnestly exhort you, beloved children, whom God has blessed with riches, especially you who, from position, are the natural patrons of those around you, to take upon yourselves lovingly this burthen of providing, if possible, permanently for the education of your destitute neighbours. Do not rest until you see this want supplied ; prefer the es tablishment of good schools to every other work. Indeed, wherever there may seem to be an opening for a neir mission we should prefer the erection of a school so arranged as to serve temporarily for a chapel to that of a church without one. For the building raised of living and chosen stones— -(1 Pet ii. 5)— the spiritual sanctuary of the Church, is of far greater importance than the temple made with hands. And it is the good school that secures the virtuous and edifying congregation. 2\. We have said that our education must be up to the mark of modern demands ; in other words, we must take advantage of the means afforded us to render the secular part of our education as effective as that which others offer. The great bribe which the age holds out to our children, in exchange for the surrender of their Faith, is a greater amount of worldly knowledge. This, it is true, is but a snare ; such a one as deceived and ruined our first parents in Paradise— -(' You shall be as gods knowing good and evil'— Gen. iii. 5) — and it is our duty ever to cry aloud, and warn foolish parents, that not all'the wisdom of Solomon, even if it brought with it the wealth of the whole world, would compensate their, children for the loss of their souls. But this will not suffice, We must remove the temptation as far as possible from human frailty ; we must not even1 leave an excuse io lukewarm ness. Make your schools qqnal in every respect to those which are opened to allure away our ciildren. Avail your 8ely,e9 of every .encouragement and every improve ment which tends to raise the standard of your edu cation ; and let there be no pretence tenable for sen ding Catholic children elsewhere. In effecting these most useful purposes, and pro curing means for encouraging a high order of educa tion, as well as extensively diffusing its blessings, we consider that the institution established by us,,and known as the' Poor School, Committee,' has been eminently useful, and deserves our public approba tion, and pur joint recommendation. Composed as it is of Priests and laymen, selected from all our diocesep, it has attended to their several interests with fidelity and impartiality ; and it has been the instru ment for obtaining assistance and means for educa tion which, without its co-opera ti.on, would not have reached us. Through it, the character of our. poor school teaching has been signally raised ; and the erection of normal and training schools, which we now owe to its exertion and zeal, promises, to secure, on a stable basis, the future enjoymentof this bles sing. We therefore, exhort and urge y.ou.-.to :sup poit this excellent institution by your liberal, contri- butions, by your hearty co-operation, and by your .friendly encouragement. 3\. But while we thus wish to promote a secular in struction equal to what others offer, we consider sound Faith, .virtue, and piety by far the most im portant elements of education ; and these, as we have already declared to you, we are the most anxious to secure and to promote. We cannot, of course, con ceal' from ourselves that the encouragement which the state or the policy of the age, gives to education, has a tendency to increase the imporlan.ee of worldly knowledge, if not to the disparagement, at least to the consequent depreciation, of religious learning. The inspection, the rewards, the honours, derived, from the state are strictly limited to proficiency in the for mer class of .instruction ; and the youthful mind is easily ltd by its own ardour to pursue what obtains public approbation and reward, to the neglect of less prized, but far more important acquiremeuts. It is our duty to find a counterpoise for this undue pre ponderance ; and after mature deliberation, we have gladly adopted, for this purpose, the excellent sug gestions made to us in Synod by the Poor School Committee, through its worihy chairman, We pro pose, therefore, to appoint, in our respective diocesses Ecclesiastical inspectors of schools, whose duty it will be to examine the scholars in the religious por tion of their education, to grant cartificates, and award prizes, for proficiency in it, and so give any one who aspires to be teacher of Catholic children the means of proving himself morally fitted for the office, and prevent the unworthy from obtaining so serious a trust. This plan.' the utility of which must at first sight, be obvious' will entatl additi onal expense, and increase the demands on the funds of the Poor School Committee, But we rely on your sense of its vital importance for redoubled exertions augmented resources, to meet this new exigency 4\. While we thus turn onr most serious thoughts towards the education in sound Faith and virtuous morals of our poorest children, who are most exposed to the evil arts and temptations of enemies, we cannot overlook the wants of other classes no less dear to us. Where there is a sufficient Catholic population to warrant it, we earnestly recommend the establish' ment of a middle school, as it is called, in which a good commercial and general education Bhall be given to the children of families in a better worldly posi tion. At present the yonth of this class, aspiring to a higher standard of instruction, and for obvious reasons unable to attend the gratuitous or poor school, are generally sent to day-sphools, where reli gious education is out of the question, and where often their Faith, is eixpoued to serious trial. The experi ment of establishing such a school as we allude to has succeeded in several towns ; and we beg both Clergy and laity, to extend this great blessing wher ever they see a reasonable prospect of success. 5\. We cannot leave, the subject of education with out alluding to the noble effort that is being made by our venerable and beloved Brethren, the Bishops of Ireland, for the establishment of a Catholic Univer sity. Acting under the directions, and with the ap probation of the Holy See, seconded by the coopera tion of their Clergy and their flocks, encouraged by the contributions of both hemispheres, these zealous Prelates are aiming higher than we can dare at tl e providing of an unmixed education of the very highest order. From our hearts we wish them suc cess^; and we are glad of this opportunity to testify to them our warmest sympathy. What we have hi therto done we will continue to do — recommend the undertaking to the charity and liberality of our faith ful people, Should such an institution grow up so near us its advantages to us wit) be incalculable. We shall see open to future' generations the means of a liberal, scientific, and professional education, united with solid religious instruction, a blessing denied to the present; and we may see revived what formed the pride of Ireland in early ages of Christianity, multitudes who loved heavenly as well as earthly wisdom sailing to her from distant shores to obtain the still uudivided treasure at her hands. 6\. You will see, by all that we have addressed to you, how solicitous we are about the preservation of the Faith committed to our charge. It is no wonder that we should be so. - While thi* is the groundwork of all piety, and of our salvation, though without it we cannot possibly please God— (Heb. xi. 6)— it lisa become less and less an object of care or of esteem to others. The innumerable contradic tions of doctrine, which have long prevailed in every system out of the Catholic Church, fretting and clashing together, have worn themselves down into a smooth apathy ; and the simplest hypothesis for getting rid of the scandal of contention about sublime truths, has beeen adopted — that they are matters of ind.fference. Hence the attachment of the Catholic to specific truths, and his jealousy of change in matters of religion, are derided as narrow-minded and illiberal; and the very characteristic which St. Leo gave to the worship of Pagan Rome is now popu larly attributed to genuine Christianity, that it is truly religious in proportion as it opens wider its arms to embrace and comprehend more conflicting errors— (Et magnam sibi videbatur assumpsisse re ligionern, quasi nullam respuabat falsitatem.'- In Natali SS. Aplorum) — The age is one which rejects all strict dogmatism, and its spirit is the enemy of Faith. It is difficult to be in contact with it And not to feel its influence. Its reasonings, its disdain, its jeers, its very blasphemies, become familiar and cease to inspire horror; the sacredness of what is habitu ally assailed remains less vividly impressed on the mind ; and many who would die for their religion in general, and its truth, do not feel so keenly about particular doctrines each of which is nbsolutely necessary to form the old Faith of the Churcn not one of whiclj can be impugned, or given up. without destroying the entire structure of truth. Where/ore, dearly beloved, we earnestly exbort you, as the Apostle found it nrcessary to do the first Christians, exposed aa they were to the same danger' — 'to watch, stand fast in the faith, do maufuily and be strengthened.' — (I Cor. xvi. 13.) 'Let no man deceive you with vain,' that is specious ' words' — (EphfiS. v 6 ) Follow not your own opinions, nor those of other men ; but remain steadfast in the teaching of God'a Church, keeping the very form of sound words which she delivers to you (Jac. ii. 17.), and not rep.uting any thing light or unimportant which she communicates. Above all things prize the great blessing of unity, which is sodislingishing a mark of God's Church. Let there be no conten tions, no dissensions found among you.— ??(! Tim. iv, 8 ) Hear the voice of your Pastors, who in their turn are careful to preserve themselves in the unity of the Spirit (2 Cor. ix. 7.). adhering closely to the Clnir of Peter, wherein sits the inheritor of His juris diction and supremacy, holding the keys of Christ's kingdom, and the staff of Pastoral jurisdiction over all the sheep of His one Fold. ' 7- But Fuitli must be rooted in charity, and quick ened by good works (Phil. iv. 8), to he available unto salvatiou. And therefore we exhort you to all piety, and the faithful discharge of all your duties. For ' godliness is profitable to all things, having promise of the life that now is, and of that which is 'o come.''— (2 Tim. i. 13.) In proportion as the times are evil, increase your own fidelity to the reli gious observances of the Church. He who fre quently prays to God, who, if possible, daily attends at the Adorable Sacrifice, puiges at short intervals his conscience from stains, by the Sacrament of i Penance, and often devoutly receives the Source of Life in the Most Blessed Eucharist, will not easily feel his faith weakened. Perform then these duties with cheerful fervour, ' not with sadness or of neces sity, for God loveth a cheerful giver.'- (Rom. xiii. 13.). Towards the Most Holy Sacrament we warmly entreat you to entertain the most tender devotion promote its honour, Its solemn adoration, Its silent worship, Its frequent reception. In the ever Blessed and Immaculate Mother of God we earnestly exhort you to feel a filial confidence, which is the fruit of lovf' towards her Divine Son, and will make you have daily recourse to her patronage and intercession Love the glory of God's house, and the majesty of His worship, and minister to them generously, according to your means. Love the poor of Jts is Christ, His dearest disciples, and assist them chaii tably, especially by supporting such institutions as secuve their spiritual, together with their temporal welfare. Edify all ajound you by the b amelessness of your lives, the Christian order of your families and the virtues suited to your condition. ' For the rest brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatso over modest, whatsoever just, whatsoever holy, what soever lovely, whatsoeyer of good fame, if there be any virtue, if any praise of discipline, think of theae thingf.'— (Epaea. iv. 3.) 8\. But you are exposed to trials of another sort, in which jt is our duty to direct yon. Dsarly .belo* yed, we need not recall to yonr minds the many anil various v/ayr. in which your Faith, your 'morals, youi Pastors, your holiest institutions, your Cburch iu fine and your religion have been lately assailed. .We need not trace the progress of injury from words to deeds, nor show the ripening of ili-judged expresshns into destruction of property, shedding of blood, and desecration of what is Most Holy. And yon knrwv too, that many persons around you would not hesi tate to proceed to greater lengths Were i* permitted them. Now under these ciioumstanoes your line of duty is cleai , and we must not relus'e to point it out to you, First, then, we exhort ynti not to ha deler-'d b/ evil threats, nor by such injuries, from the free, 'the manly, and the Christian discharge of your dutits, and the awful defence of your rights as citizens. Exercise the prerogatives which belong to ycu in an honourable and generous spirit. Shrink not from any obligation imposed upon you by your state of life. If in the senate, -or among the repre sentatives of the people, or a magistrate, or holding any office of trust or honour, or a simple citizeD, remf mber that your rights are the ssme as those of other persons sin i arly situated ; and allow uo one to daunt you, or divide you from the fearless, peace ful, and dispassionate performanceof the duties which ever accompany a privilege. But in the next place we still more strongly exhort you to patience, to long-suffering, to meekness, to the uttering or.ly of the blameless word, ' he who is on the contrary part may be afraid, having no thing evil to say of us.'— (Tit. ii. 1.) Let nothing, ? however bitter that may be said, however unjust that may be threatened, rouse you to auger, or provoke intemperance of speech. Let no amount even of actual injury excite you to revenge, Or to the desire of it. You particularly among our poor children, who have felt more sorely than others £lhe violence: inflcted on yourselves or your neighbours, through religious animosity, we most earneBtly and affec tionately entreat to put away all angry, unkind, aid uncharitable thoughts. Be followers of Him, ' when He was reviled did not revile, and when He suffered much threatened not.' — (I. Pet. ii. 23.) Be not overcome by evil, but overcome evil vitli good.'— .(Rom. xii. 21.) Look to the justice of tl e Idws for protection from oppression and iusulls, ana not to any uniawful^combinations, or exercise of your own strength. Remember that even shoi 1 1 justice be refused you here, God hath prepared a reward hereafter for the patient sufferer, that will , amply compensate him for the light and momen tary tribulations of this life.— (ib. viiu 18.) Hear then in this, as in higher things, the voice of our Pastors and Fathers in God, most lovingly remind-', ing you, ' that tribulation worketh patience, and patience (rial; and trial 'hope, ar.d hope confoundeth not.' — Ib. v. 3)_ Thus will your trials only advance you in perfection', and through the Crosa'and [Jad sinn of Our Bessed Lord unite yon closer to Him, andm-keyou inheritors of His promises., 9\. One and only one revenge can we permit you, thht of praying for all who afflict, or pi osecute, or hate you. Beg of God' to turn their hearts to ? charity and peace, and bring them. to ihe knowledge ? and lovi; of His blessed truth. But not for them, only must you pray, . bnt for all who are not par takers of the same light ,and grace as have been vouchsafed, to you. You have hea^d of the great charity with which God has inspired your brethren of other nations, of praying for the return of your beloved country, to the unity of the Faith. We surely will not be behind them in our zeal and love, where the motives, the interests, and the rewards of these virtues are so peculiarly our own. Pray then daily, though it be but by one short lk Hail Mary,' for the return of yon'r.fellow-couutrymen to the one Fold of Christ, that we may all ba one, even as He and Hi3 Father are one. And may the Father of Mercies and God of all consolation pour nut abunttan ly upon you every blessing, strengthening you to every good work, and perfecting you in all virtue and holiness, unto the day of our Lord Jesus-Christ (Phillip i. 6), who with Him, and the Holy Ghost, hveth and reigneth lor ever and ever, Given at St, Mary'a College, Oscott. this seven teenth day of July, iu die year of Our Lord one thou sand eight hundred and fiity-two'. ' Signed by all the Fathers or their Procurators*. ' R. Bagnall, 1 , . A. Gcss, W Clifford, Secretaries of the Provincial Synod. 