Pantomimo Impromptu. Old Philip Astley's modo of writing a panto- mime was sufficiently eccentric to merit relation. He was accustomed iii his latter years, whenever bp found that the business was getting bad, ns tie technical phrase has it-in other words, when- ever he discovered that tho usual nightly receipts were gradually falling olí-to put on his conjur- ing cup, and rack his brain for some brilliant ari eaptmtdittn idea in the way of u pantomime, the attraction bf which might again pull in the pub- lic. No matter wliat it was, so long as it would maka a "good wall piece," he said-that is, so long as the title, when posted on thc walls in large letters, would command the attention and awaken the curiosity of the passers-by. This idea once entertained, he would hobble down the next morning to tho Amphitheatre, and thus ad- dress his son .« Very shy second account, last night,. Johnny, my- dear, mid worse tho night before. Won't do -the 4 Ghost' won't be able to walk on Saturday if we don't have better business that wo have now. Tho performances want a fillip (wc don't know if tho old man meant this as a pun.) Well, thoy must have ono. I'll give you a new pan- tomime-not like yonr pantomimes ¡ nobody laughs at them- even-body laughs at minc. Got a capital idea ; let old Pox, tho prompter, call all tho company at eleven to-morrow morning." " Well, hut, father," cried John, " what's the uso of calling tho people before the pantorniiho is written ?" ' ; "Every uso in the world, Johnny, my dear this will bo an impromptu pantomime that PTO had in my head soma weeks-got itali here," mysteriously touching his forehead. John Astley,Who really loved his father, and was at times much impressed by his shrewdness and common sense, never persisted in thwarting tho old man in any wish he might express ; but, on the contrary, would often indulge him in his very whims, even against his own better judg- ment, made no farther remonstrance. The re- hearsal wa3 accordingly duly called. At the hour appointed most of thc'company, assembled. Old Fox,'tho prompter, had his little tabla brought on thc stage, at which he scated himself, armed with pen, ink, and paper, and attended hy his aide-dt-camp, the call boy, to await tho coming of the great magician, whoso wonderful art was so soon to restore their wonted prosperity. Ho had not to Wait long. Old Philip was ever punc- tual, and soon hobbled on the stage, with a small bundle of pàpcrs under his arm, to which he ap- peared to attach great importance. Every ono thought this was the MS. nf the expected panto- mime, but they were mistaken. The groat eques- trian courteously returned tho salutations of his company j «ll was expectation, for 'old Phil looked unutterable things. At length thc spell was broken. " Now, then, old Fox," he roared out, in _ his usual stentorian manner-" take your pen, hink, and paper, and write down what I'm ngoiiig to tell you. A new pantomime, ladies and gentle- men, and ono ns will do the trick for you. Hearts of Oak ; or, Arltquin VoodcuUcr. There's, a titles for. yon! Yes, yes, wita tliàt down, cid i F >x. Now then-..Scene I. Beautiful Sub- I innrine Fairy Grotto by the Seaside-all motlier j of pearl, spars, n:ul other putrefactions, inter- spersed with shelbi, branches pf coral, and warje gatcd weeds of different colours.' Got that down, Fox ?" " Yes, sir." " Worry well." Now then-« Enter Queen of the Fairies, attended hy other farics-song and chorus.' Tell Billy Upton to write sonic wjrds for. it-;ul! about butterflies, lizards, gossiuncrs, and other wild luiiiiinals-^-doyouliear,Fox?-Fairies all drnw back. A short low silliquy of Heart of Oak to himself-all about hardness of thc tunes, breaking his hatchet, and . such like.' Jemmy Barrett can write this. * Heart' of Oak tunis out his pocket to show he's got no blunt-fairy nppcars-Heart of Oak starts-ganunou nb-mt " rather he virions than rich"- fairy turns hun into Arle-juin-gives vvahd-^-Sttys something about, "iiuyour.. hand, .everything-cbihniand." Jemmy Barrett will kñ'iw;. Scene ends with fairy singing song, while Heart of Oak dancer all about lira, lira, la. " Harlequin and Columbine, lira, lira, In. Faithful hearts must ever twine, Um, lira, hu" Fairy then sinks through trap- Heart of Oak feathers bat-trips round stago-slaps Keene prompter's whistle- roly, poly, pop oil'!' N-w, then, got nil that dawn, old Fox?" "Yes, sir." " Wcrry well, then, we'll pr. ceed to Scene II. 'Heath, witches, cauldron, brooms-hubble-bub- ble-make Clown-Clown throws flip-flap, and flops off tlie stage on his haunches.' Got that all down, old Fox." "Yes, sir." . " Well now, then, Scene ILL, ' Outside of old Pantaloon's house-Pantaloon- Columbine servant-maid-kitehen-boy-mop and pail blunderbuss-sausages-and anything else you like.' There, I think you'll snj* that's «i good scene!" " What, sir!" said old Fox, amazed. "Why, what you have just written down. Now, thea go on with tho brtsinett of it." There was a pituso. All waited in anxious expectation for him to explain tho business ; but he was equally silent with themselves. At length, as if his impatience was quite exhausted, he roared out, " Hallo! old Fox, why the devil don't they begin the busines?" " We are waiting till you inform us what it is to be, sir," returned old Fox. "What!" exclaimed old Astley, "wait for me! Haven't I settled the scene, characters, and pro ponies? Huiineti ? Why thc scene will make bïûlnen for itself! Anybody can make business with snell materials as those. Ah! I seo I must do everything for you. Well, well, here goes! You are sure yon have got all down that 1 told you?" " Yes, sir." " Wcrry well ! Now put this down :-Harlequin trips round stage-rolls his head, twirls his cap, cuts double shuttle'-sees Columbine at window falls in love, kisses hand, and all that-hears noise-trips on ono side-maid comes from houso to eldin steps. Clown cnters-'-wants to toko liberties-pummelled efl* with mop. Butcher's boy enters with tray-knocks at door-Clown steals on, and steals sausages-largo packets. Pantaloon enters with blunderbuss mid Colum- bine-sccs Harlequin-fires nt him, hits Clown, dnd fulls backwards in a fright. Harlequin trips dffwith Columbine. Business-slap face-kick behind-beg pardon-sausages-pursuit-flats draw off. Continue pant Jiuinie-and tradesmen's sliops round the neighbourhood that choose to pay for it-capital advertisement. Hornpipes, ground leaps- pieman'-(you've got little Jemmy ila Castra, you know)-' mid warming-pan finish with dark scene and Halls of .Light-clouds _fîmes-hop, skip, and a jmii]t-lovers' hands millet!.. Music then strikes up " Hearts rf 0:ik," ii number o.'-British sailors then enter With union jack, which i!:ey wave, in triumph, lovers gr up- ing round thki. Britannia then appears in glorv, waves her trident, and recne changes to quarter-deck of a imiW'-wnr, thu rigging nt the wings gaily decorated with t.':<s different colours of different nations, ns for a Iai::ic!u; grand horn- pipe of twelve ; characters then tL'rfi' picture three cheers by sailors-prompter's "-'"H-'"."I curtain falls rn "RuleBritannia," or "The Na- tional Anthem," amidst bravos of delimited audience.' There, I think if you can't maka n. pantomime out cf that, the devil's in it. Get it all perfect ns quick as you can, and when you aro quite ready I'll come to thc last rehearsal." Such was old Philip's usual mode of writing a pantomime, hut tho strangest part of tho business remains to bo told. Rude os these materials invariably were, tho performers, by putting their shoulders to tho wheel, and thoroughly knowing their business, not unfrcqucntly produced nu entertainment that proved alike pleasing to thc public, and profitable to the treasury, when old Phil would very complacently take jul thu merit to himself, and say " Ay, ay, I knew how it wmdd bc, my pantomime has saved you, you see. You aro obliged to come to thc old man after nil. It's lucky I've a head, or the Lord knows what would become of many of your bellies." | 