OPERATION OF THE DOG ACT. TO THE EDITOR OF THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN REGISTER Sir— May i trouble you with the following, bud-. : posing it is not of such & nature as to exclude it - from your columns. I am a country settler, living at the distance of about eleven miles from towif mis morning, onngmg in a load of firewood, I had arrived nearly opposite the Thebarton Pound— that ' is, myself, horse, dray, and dog— when I observed a man pointing a. musket ait my dog, alongside the dray, and before I could call, or scarce think about it, the deadly weapon had done its work. I was all taken aback for a moment, but calling to mind the existence of the Dog Act, I stopped my horse, and addressed myself to the man who had just shot my dog, demanding to know on what grounds he had done s», at the same time telling him I had come in ? from the country, and that I did not believe he bid any authority to shoot a country dog, especially a '? cattle dog, and that I should enquire further about it. All the reply I could get was, ' I might do what I liked,' uttered in a curt and insolent manner, as he dragged the dead dog across the road. Now, what I wish to know, Mr. Editor, is, whether an un offending and valuable cattle dog, that eomes into town with its owner's dray, is permitted to be de stroyed, without warning of any kind whatever, on the public road? Also, whether policemen, who, in a case like the present, must be supposed to ba on duty, should be in plain clothes ? Again, whether people's lives are to be endangered by these fellow* ? shooting on the public road, which if a private citizen were found doing, I believe he would be liable to penalty? Again, I would submit that the half-crown, which I am told is at present allowed for destroying, should be withdrawn, and that it should bo considered part of a policeman's duty to destroy offending dogs with- ' out any extra emolument or reward, because what is to prevent these men from resorting to practices at ' once mean, dishonourable, and improper, for the sake of this pitiful sum? . ^ I suppose no one would assert seriously that the men who obtain employment as police-constables are exempt from the liability to commit injustice', and even actions of a much more doubtful kind, for pur- ' poses of self-aggrandisement, though only to the ex tent of half-a-crown ; even so small a consideration being sufficient to overcome the sense of propriety and every question of conscience in some .men's esti mation. ??'???'. Again, I would respectfully submit that the com- ?' mitting such summary power 'into the hands of ' ordinary policerconstables is improper. Would it not be possible to hire a proper and responsible party appointed to determine what dogs are proper to be- destroyed; say the Inspector of Police? A man's doer is as much entitled to cnnRi'dArfttinn ' My dog destroyed by this concealed, or rather dis guised policeman, was a valuable cattle dog, whoso only offence was coming to. town under the dray. Would it not be fair to make some distinction be twixt country and town dogs, especially when tha former are cattle or sheep dogs ? If people who reside in the country are to be subject to regulations with respect to their dogs why are such not made public so that they may be aware of them? There is the Government Gazette to be sure, but I would ask if that is an efficient instrument of publicity in any particular, for who in the country districts ever sees it ? I most solemnly declare I had not the remotest knowledge that my valuable dog in coming in with the dray was amenable to the recently-mado Dog Act, and liable to be killed, or else I should have taken care to pre serve him from the mercenarily murderous eyes of those who, I hold, are evidently, under present arrangements, iustead of the guardians, the spoliator* of public property. , Sir, your obedient servant, . JNO. HAWKE&. Hundred of Yatala, near Dry Creek, Saturday, 26th March, 1853. :- [We publish the above letter as a means of again calling the attention of our country readers to tha necessity of a strict compliance with the provisions of the Dog Act. Publicity has been sufficiently given to those provisions through the newspapers, and all constables are bound to enforce them under pain of a fine. If Mr. Hawkes believes that the policeman who shot his dog acted with unnecessary cruelty or improper haste, he should bring the man's conduct under the notice of the Commissioner of Police.-Ep. 8. A. B.\ ? Okdination. — On Saturday last an Ordina tion service was held at Trinity Church, when the Rev. F. Platta, minister of St. Andrew's Church, Walkerville, and the Rev. E. Jenkins, Acting Head Master of JSt. Peter's Collegiate School, were ad mitted to the order of priesthood. Prayers were read by the Rev. W. J. Woodcock ; and the Xtty Rev. the Dean, and the Rev. Messrs. Bagshaw, Fulford, Platts, and Jenkins assisted at the service. The oath of supremacy was administered by Mr. Bartley, the Registrar of the Diocese. The Lord Bishop preached an appropriate discourse from Acts xx., v. 28 : — ' Take heed therefore unto yourselves, and to all the flock, over which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the church of God, which he hath purchased with his own blood.' DESTRUCTIVE FIRE. —About 12 o'clock on Good Friday, a fire broke out in Morphett Vale on the premises of Mr. Richard Humphries. The house and faruiture, two stacks of hay, one of straw, and 200 bushels of wheat, were consumed, together with a waggon and many farm implements. Through the exertions of the neighbouring settlers, the fire was prevented from spreading to the ad joining properties. Police-constable Heywood, sta tioned at the Emu, was soon on the premises, and manfully assisted in extinguishing the fire. It is computed that property to the amount of £500 was destroyed. 