ORATORY OF TBE. DÜKE OF WELLINGTON. < I (Fron Francist Orator* of the Age) I " The Duke of Wellington an orator I Ho n never uttered tiro consecutive sentences withe hesitation ; who exhibits a bordy contempt for the graces of languige and style ; end in win the faculty of imagination, if it ever existed his mind, has been dormant for hulf a ccntui Do yon mean seriously to class bim as orator ?"' This would bo a tory natural question if wero admitted that oratory is a merely extrin and superficial art, aiming at skill in the clio of words and the shaping of sentences, and tru ing for its hold on the human mind rather to t vehicle in which tho thought is conveyed than the truth or force of tho thought itself. I there'are degrees and classes of oratory as thi are of poetry. The chief, object of oratory is Iiersiiado or convinco, to bring the mind of t tearer into agreement and co-operation with tl: of the speaker; and this is often effected wi success in proportion to the sincerity and strnigl forwardness brought to bear on the task. Roi of the most effective and influential speakers ha been men who never received any regular trnini to the art of elocution; and among those a pla moy be claimed for the Duko of. Wellington. Although it is now 56 years since the Duke Wellington was returned as a representativo the Trish Parliament, nnd although, after t Union, he continued, with the exception of soi intervals of time, to bc a member of the unit Parliament as representative of an Engli borough in the House of Commons, until he w raised to the Peerage ; we should not forgot til it is only within tho last twenty or twenty-fi yenrd that he has taken so active a part in Pe liatncntary life, or occupied so commanding a j. si lion as a politician in the state. - In the carli part of his career, lie made no great figure BI speaker. When in the Irish Parliament, ho go. no promise of that intellectual distinction win ho afterwards nohieved, but some of tho mc obvious characteristics of his public speak ii were as observable then as they are now. Tho was tho samo abruptness of delivery, tho sar plain, straightforward, but unassuming cxprc »ion of his views, that has since been the disti guishing feature of his speaking in the Honso Lords. A contemporary observer speaks of li address as being unpolished, and say», that i showed no promise of his subsequent tm parallel celebrity. During the years that intervened t tween this period and his second outran into political life-years whioh witness his successes in India, his steady progress triumph in Spain, and tho final glories of Wale loo,-his mind was occupied with thoughts al pursuits far different from those which qualify man to become an influential public speakc And when, at length, the course of events fore him into a position of responsibility which cot pelted him repeatedly to speak in Parliament, ', had nothing to rely on but tho strong natur resources of his mind, the noble candour ai sincerity of his disposition, and the considoratii which he might hope would be oxtended to li deficiencies ns a speaker, on account of li brilliant services HS a soldier. As the chnract of Iiis mind developed Itself, it presen tod i aspect of strange originality to tho civiliai around him. They could not at firät undcrstan though they soon learned to appreciate, that ni mirablo organisation of mind, matured, if m produced, by the habits of military life ; n organization.BO perfect as to retain all subjects i discussion, all principles of political science, a the facts with whicli his mind was stored, in tin exact subordination which was their relative dut and so well maintained as to enable him to ca them up and use thehi for his purpnso, with readiness to which even tho most practised mind around him wero strangers, from their not bavin been subjected to tho same discipline. Tito Duke of Wellington's mind is so consti tutod ns to render it impossible for him to muk uso af those arts by which publio speaker usually seek to influence their audiences. I this sonso of the term, he could not bo an orato if ho would. He has no idea of separating hi subject from himself, of looking at it in its ex tcrnnl bearings without reference to his awi views. Ho cannot, ns Lord Brougham or Lon Lyndhurst would, view it as a theme for th exercise of his intellectual ingenuity. He ha no idea of design or of colouring ; docs not tool at it with the eye of an artist, studying whntwil best conduce to a grand effect, or where tho ligh and shade aro to bo thrown in. Ho never think of preparing exordiums or perorations or of at tenuatiug parts of his discourso that the stronj points may seem stronger. Ho never plays will a question. Politics aro with him a seriou reality, not a mere game. Nor are they a pas sion, as with men of warmer temperament ; that aro rather part of a grave duty, tobo dealt wit] not from choice hut because his position in thi country requires that he should bo mixed up wit) them. He never speaks for the Biko of display apparently having no vonity of that sort. When ever hp rises to address the Houso, it is becausi necessity compels, him-because the debatí would be incomplete until the most distin guished roan of his time had delivered hil sentiments. Being thus obliged to speak, ho says no mon than the occasion absolutely requires. He givsi utterance to tho real sentiments of his mind, thc unbiassed conclusions suggested by a cool head and nn almost unparalleled experience. You car see at once that this is done without oflbrt, and abovo all, without any desiro for effect. It is c labour of duty, not of love. It is not sought bj him, yet ho is ready when called, on. Having said his say, bo seems relieved of an unplcnsanl load, and sits down abruptly ns he rose, indif- ferent whether what he has delivered lins pleased or displeased his audience. These, it is unncces snry to say, aro not tho characteristics of pro fessed orators. Yet the Duko will produce, oe tho floor of the Houso of Lords ns startling, and porchnnco, a moro permanent effect, thar. th< most ingenious and eloquent of thom nil. Tho agencies by which his influence works or tho legislature and tho publio aro of n far highci order. Look at tho moral weight ho brings witli him. With a reputation nltcady historical, what man of tho duy, bo ho even tho greatest can command tho respect which his mere prcsonce inspires ? It may seem a tritio, but it is one pregnant with deer, meaning, that the only individual ir this country, excopt tho members of the royal family, to whom all mon, the highest and thc lowest, uncover themselves on tho publio high- way, is tho Duke of Wellington. If tho vulgar, the indifferent, tho triflers, the ignorant, pay this homage to him whero no homngo is duo to any mnn, shall not tho same sentiment prevail within thc walls of tlic Houso of Lords, among those whoso privileges mid social prc-cminenco rest upon hereditary gratitude ? Tho Duke ot Wellington, in his place in tho Houso of Lords, stands apart from, and above, all the othor peers. Thero may be men of morg ancient lineage, thero aro certainly men ol' moro commanding and brilliant talents of tho sort that captivate an assembly, whether composed of the high or the low ; but ho transcends them all in tito possession of that power which is created by a voluntary intellectual submission. Plain, unpretending, venerable, ns ho is, ho seems en- circled by an atmosphere of glory. ' All physical defeots, all thc infirmities of. agc, are lost in tho light of his great famo. Ho seems already to belong to tho past, and to speak with, its authority* Often oracular in bis denunciations and in his decisions, strange to say, those who hear him seem to bolioro that ho is BO. And it is not among pigmies that ho is thus morally a giant. Tho deferonco and respect paid to the Duko of Wellington in tho House of Lords como from men of tho li ¡ghost order of minds. Neither political differences nor vanities iritor poao any obstnole to its free expression. Power- ful and successful orators and statesmen, aristocratic demagogues, gravo lawyers and erratic lawgivers, whatever niny bo their mutual jealousies or their oustomnry arrogance, nil yield at once to his moral supremacy. TJO mau of tho present day who stands next to him ini thc extent, if not the quality of his fame, ho who is distinguished among his contemporaries not more for his parliamentary and political successes ¡than for his mental nnd' moral insubordination-'-ho. too, ostentatiously proclaims himself the devoted admirer and follower of tho Duko of Wellington. Tho homago is too universal not to bo slncotp. It SB tblB moral weight or influence that gives. to tb» public speaking of the Duke of Welling) ¡te chief characteristics. He can speak with authority which no other man would dare assume, end which, if assumed by any other mi would not be submitted to. For the same reae ho cnn dispense with all thc explanation a apology which so often render the speeches other men ridiculous. He bas no need of a by] critical humility of an affected desire of nb< nence from that great necessity of politicians speech-making. He knows both that ho is c pected to speak, and that what ho has to say vi be held to bs of value. Ho knows that no i cisión will be come to till ha has been heard, a that tho chances are in favour of his opinion p vailing even with those opposed to him, uni the current of political feeling should happen the time to run very strongly indeed. These i cumbrances of ordinary speakers being cast asi tho Duke can afford to run at once full I at the real question in dispute, soe him stripping the subject of all extrnnee and unnecessary adjuncts, until he exposes it his hearers in its real and natural proportions, a very rich treat. He scents a'fallacy afar < and hunts it down at once without mercy. '. bas certain constitutional principles which wi him are real standards, and as they come to t mark or fall short of it, so aro they accepted disposed of. Sometimes, but rarely, he carri this inflexible system too far, and has nfterwnr to retract ; but it is remarkable for a man w has wielded such authority, who has been acct tomed to implicit deferenco for BO many yea' and whoso mental organisation is so stem ai steadfast, how few prejudices he has. Even thc will always yield to necessity, often to renso If ho bo sometimes dogmntical, the fault is lc his than of those who lead him into this natur error, when their respect deters them from cv reminding him that he is fallible. Self-relianco nnd singleness of purpose indu in him vigour of thought and simplicity of dictio This simplicity, which is not confined to the la gunge only, but extends to tho operation of t mind, is unique. You meet notiiiug like it any other man cow prominently before tho pub! There is n rigorous economy of both thoughts ni words. As a speaker and ns a general, thc Du cquallydiscncumbors himself of unnecessary ageni Ho is as little fond of rhetorical nourishes declamatory arts as ho was of useless troor Every word docs its work. Simple, soun sterling Saxon, ho seems to choose by instinct, hitting hardest with thc least show. Souictim this self-relianco and simplicity degenernte in an abruptness almost rude. Then thc simplicii wonld almost appear affected, but that tho Du! is wholly incapable of that culpablo wenknes Thoso curt notes of his to peoplo whom ho coi ceives to bo in any way intrusive, or who say i do what docs not square with his rigid notions < etiquette, are often more amusing than dignifie Still they are strictly characteristic, and are on] eccentrio evidences of that spirit which makes tl Duke in his Parliamentary career mark out course for himself and having once persuade himself that it is right, adhere to it with nlmoi obstinate perseverance. In attributing to the Duko this simplioity c thought and language, it is not intended to im ply any narrowness or feebleness of intelleot. . plainness and simplicity there is, in dross, i manners, in style, of thought, in cxprcssioi which might warrant a superficial obscrvci knowing nothing (if that be possible) of th life and services of tho man, in such a assumption. He would bo apt to sc tho Duke down ns a well-meaning, prejudicci honest, dogmatical, and very impracticable ol man, whom you would trent with respect on ac count of his y oars, but whom you would on n account allow to meddle in your affairs. But al this is external only. Tho readers of the Duke' dispatches need not be told this. This exhibit proofs of a highly toned and nJmirably regulntci mind. High honour, inflexibility, sagacity, in stinctive knowledge of human nature, even nt ni early agc, a capacity for the grandest designs am most enlarged views, combined with a readincs for thc most minuto of military affairs,-thesi are to be found in evory pago of thoso extraordi nary productions. _ It is tho moral influence of tho Duke of Wei lington, and tba position in tho country which hil great services have secured for him, that rendel him so influential a speaker in the llouso of Lords It is felt that his speeches aro not merely made for a party purpose, but thnt they cm body th« experience of a life. His sincerity, and tho reli- ance you hove on his sagacity, compensate for thc absenco of tboso graces of stylo nnd manner, nuil thnt choice of language, which aro expected from a public speaker. Ho usually sits in a state ol abstraction,-his arms folded, his head sunk on bis breast, his legs stretched out : ho seems to bo nsleep. But, in a very few moments, ho shows that he bas not been nn inattentive observer ol the debato. Ho suddenly starts up, ndvnnccs (sometimes with falUring steps, from his ad vancod age) to the table, and, without preface or preliminary statement, dashes at once at tho real question in dispute. Tho keenness with which lie detects it, and the perseverance of his pur- suit, are remark aldo proofs of tho unimpaired vigour of his understanding. Even with nil tho physical feobleness which miyht be expected at his years, ho entirely fills tho House when ho speaks. His utterance is very indistinct ; yet by a strong effort of tho will he makes himself dearly heard and understood, oven though to do so he may have to repeat whole portions of sentences. Not a point of tho discourse escapes him ; and tho most vigorous debater often finds the weakness of his argument, however cloverly masked, suddenly detected and cxposod. Some of tho Bhort, terse, pointed sentences, fall with a force on tho House the moro remarkable for tho contrast of tho matter with the manner. Tho speeches ns a whole, though always extremely briof in comparison with those of more elaborate debaters, strike tho hearer with surprise for their sustained tone, the consistency of their argument, and a kind of natural symmetry, tho necessary consequence of their being the sincere and spontaneous development of o strong mind and a determined purpose. 