THE AUSTRALIAN WOOL TRADE Maoxifioent and brilliant as the commerce of Australia Is, it may lose seriously, as compared with what It might gain, If It should Mag, or should deviate Into mistakes We believe are not wrong in saying that at some of the latest sales of wool In Bradford the quantity has fallen short of the sale, for any weeks since 1837 ; a circumstance due is part, no doubt, to an attempt at bringing about a reaction in the high prices of the English grower; but also due to the serious hindrance and in convenience occasioned by the exclusively bad state in which much of the Australian wool has reached this country, and which creates a general reluctance to meddle with it If other can be found. At the same time let us remark that German wools are looking up; and that the English grower Is already turning to wool as a resource against the consequences of free trade in corn. And furthermore, let us observe the fact announced by the last mail that the exports of wool from the Cape of Good Hope are increasing, and must necessarily increase with the stimulus of the English demands. Far be it from us to mis- represent the Australians, who have all the generosity of an active and prosperous community, is to express any invidious annoyance at the prosperity of other places. Nevertheless, we cannot see what might be the commencement of a transfer of Australian trade, without drawing attention to the fact, or pointing out the necessity of maintaining a progressive course in such efforts as would counteract the tendency to decline in the Australian wool trade. More especially would we point to the development of a sound system of commercial intercourse between the two countries, to the supply of suitable labour, steadily maintained and to the exercise of other influences, whether in the shape of Improved terms, or even in the form of moral teaching which has not yet been without its effects in South Australia, in order to Incline as large a portion as possible towards the steady and legitimate pursuits of Industry. A new effort must be made to place the wool trade of Australia on a new footing commensurate with the high name of the whole country. South Australian Chronicle. Al'PnOAOIHNp DnBAR. up of sub Monson impostures few weeks ago, a graphic account was published of the disruptions in the Mormon camp, with a report of Brigham Young, the Latter-day Saint prophet's Hence denunciatory speech, breathing murder and ex- termination against two classes of people inhabiting the Great Salt Lake city, the Gentiles and the Glaidonitcs, the latter of whom have seceded from the Mormon body. The Utah correspondent of the New York Daily Times gives some further interesting particulars of the disruption : " In my last," he says, " I promised you some further account of the Gladden excite more. Adorn the demonstrations by Brigham and Parley, theoretics were forbidden to hold meetings anywhere, or to assemble together in a greater number than three. On Sunday, the 27th of March, the subject was resumed at the tabernacle by Elder Erasmus Snow, in a sermon distinguished for its profanity and brutal ferocity. This has not been reported for the Desert News, and I must depend on my memory. He began with the most sickening and fulsome adulation of the basin is of forty tails, who at present occupies the high and mighty position of the Prophet of the Lord and in this last days This concluded, to the entire satisfaction of the honest and pure-minded Brigham, to speak, by the way of lashing himself into a rage, poured forth a torrent of invectives against the Gentiles. He then took up the Glnddenites, and hope 1 the Lord would curse and destroy them. He plainly told the audience, that whoever should be the executioners of divine justice in this case and slay the Gladdonifs, their wives, and their children, from the face of the earth, would receive a bright crown of glory. The injunction to assassinate the Gladdeni or was open and an disguised, and repeated in a variety of forms, and, what is more to be lamented, was plainly responded to by the audience. It was a sphere of murder, plain, palpable, frightful, and sicken- ing. The picture was one which, once seen, can never be effaced from the mind. A preacher, in the pulpit, ferociously enjoining the murder of men, women, and children, for a difference of opinion, and 2,000 faces intently gazing upon him with fanatical approbation; the regions of the damned could scarcely present a scene more truly diabolical. A Gentile emigrant present stood it as long as he could, but finally left the tabernacle with compressed lips and clenched fist, and evidently under an uncontrollable paroxysm of indignant excitement. And this is Mormonism ! These are the people who are eternally talking of Gentile persecution ! Yes, they have been persecuted, as debauchee and felons usually are, but never on account of their religion. They have ever been a bubbling and seething cauldron of pollution, and can no more be tolerated in the bosom of civilized so city than gangs of counterfeiters and thieves. You may ask if all Mormons are to come under this severe condemnation ? I do not mean to be so understood. There are a great many weak and simple-minded people, who have no definite and fixed belief, and glide along with the current without any positive harm ; there are others who are fanatical, and, of course, dangerous instalments in the hands of the ras c ils who control them ; there are others, again, who are totally sick of Mormonism, but remain quiet until an opportunity occurs to escape. Snow was succeded by Amasa Lyra an, a rubicund, smooth faced debauchee, who resides in San Bernardino, California, and has concubines at convenient stations between that place and this, His language and manners were less violent and more disguised, but quite as significant. He reminded the members of the church of their covenant obligations,' and strongly urged that this was an occasion in which particular members were to perform the duties allotted to them. This was in reference to the ' Oanites,' of * Brothers of Gideon a band of organised ruffians in the Mormon Church, whose business it is to execute the mandates of the council, a right or wrong.' That such a band once existed I have abundant proof; that it now exists I have no doubt. Smith had appointed a meeting at his house for the first) Sabbath, and as the hour approached, a band of young men assembled around his door, and collected a quantity of stones ready for use; and as the Gladdenite? came and entered the house, a long, six-foot, Fcowling Danite named Cummings, in obedience to his c Covenant obligations,' took them by the collar and led them out, with threats of extermination. Of course the meeting was broken up; nor am I aware that any has since been held. After these things, it was generally supposed by the Gentiles that Smith would mysteriously disappear, as obnoxious men sometimes do here ; but he has been on his guard, and no catastrophe of the kind has happened. Modesty is at a sad discount at Salt Lake, nor is it at all a matter of marvel. Polygamy and other forms of licentiousness have very much broken down those useful barriers by which human virtue is in a degree protected in civilised commu- nities. Bell's Weekly Messenger, To brassieres Statue, Sydenham. The statue of " Australia," by Mr. Bell, now placed in the gardens of the Crystal Palace, is of terra-cotta. A plaster mould was made from the model, into which a terra-cotta body, composed of Devon and Dorset clay, ground flint, glass, He was pressed, at about the consistency of painters' party. After the clay, salad becomes sufficiently dry to remove the mould, the statue was finished it by an artist, the final touches being given by Mr. Bell. The statue was then placed in a proper situation to dry slowly, and, when dry, was removed into a reverberatory li in by means of rollers, placed under a false bottom, upon which it was forwards fired. The firing occupied three weeks, and the heat attained was that at which glass will meet. The contraction in firing was three-quarters of an inch to a foot. The statue, after burning, weighed about 25 cwt., and is, including its plinth, about eight feet vex ln',v!<"* high. It is probably (the largest pic- of pot ter y ever fired in in office pitee. Sir. Bell had the commission for the design and model, and Mr, BlashGcId for the moulding, pressing, and firing The Builder. The New World or Unit South At this moment there is forming at our antipodes, a new world, and one differing altogether from the old world, and also from that of America. The emigrants who are peopling Australia do not resemble in any respect those who peopled America and founded the United States i. They are not like the snmSre, severe, enthusiastic Puritans, who crossed (the ocean singing psalms, and took with them, into the depths of the American forests, the Bible and liberty of conscience as their only treasures. The new position of Australia is composed of the most varied accounts, the most confused and most disorderly. We see there, by tho side of the poorer emigrants, seeking their place on the soil, a numerous class of adventurers, consisting of men of letters without employment, lawyers without briefs, doctors without patients, ruined nobles, and indebted spendthrifts. It must, also be remembered that Australia has I wg been the penal colony of England, and that amongst the colonists and inhabitants there are many convicts and sons of convicts, and that, at the news of the discovery of gold, thousands of them have broken bonds and escaped to the diggings. In the same way as we sometimes see in our towns vagabonds commit a theft solely to obtain a refuge in prison, we have seen men in Eng and commit offences, in order that they may be transported to the land of gold, at the expense of the state. Join to their some shiploads of Chinese, and to them a considerable number of Americans, who arrive, with their independent manners and their impatience of all authority, and you may see the sort of society which is forming a society h living no other object than the violent pursuit of riches, no other motive than the thirst of g id, no other law than liberty of doing as it thinks good. The problem is to know what unknown society will issue from this tumultuous assemblage. After all, this is the way in which Romulus and Remus commenced and although this carrying off of the Sabine women was a somewhat irregular mode of founding a society, you Rome, nevertheless, became the greatest empire of history John Lemoine, in the Journal des Debats. The Ahmt.-Our military friends will be glad of the information subjoined, which we copy from the United Service Gazette of 10th September : We are now in a position to state exactly what changes are contemplated in the costume of the British Army, and we most heartily congratulate the profession upon alterations which have so long and perseveringly been advocated as suitable to the up peasant, the comfort, and the efficiency of the men. Imprimis. A felt helmet, perfectly ventilated, light, pressing equally, and possessing a handsome form, entirely supersedes the present I chance, The pattern sent in by Buckmaster has been the most approved, but having been sent back for a slight alteration, it cannot yet be said to have received final sanction. In its amended form, it will he the head-dress of the army. The co tree, with all its lace and Frip- pery, gives way to the plain scarlet frock which does not reach to the knees sends in, martial uniform, a fraction more costly in its first price, but involving a large saving to the soldier in time, trouble-, and pipe clay. We believe that His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge is to be thanked far this sensible change. It is one only, of the many benefits we believe him destined to confer upon the army. These alterations will be introduced upon the next issue of clothing. Each Colonel will of course select his own agent and clothing, but the pattern which the Board of General Officers may recommend will of course be generally adopted. in the form of the knapsack a material amendment has also been sanctioned. The model knapsack comes from Mr. Brady, who, we suppose, will have the contract for the supply of the article generally. The improvements consist in the diminution of the width of the lower part of the knapsack, so as to have greater space for the bayonet handle and pouch in the manner in which the straps are arranged, so as not to press upon the chest or impede the action of the arms in the disappearance of aspirate straps for the great cost; and in the addition of a little sacque or bag; calculated to hold an extra shirt and pair of stockings, and lying horizontally in the inner part of the knapsack across the small of the back. On the whole, we are extremely pleased with the changes n w authorised. We believe that they will lie Wil agreeable to all ranks, and we are quite, sure that in point of appearance at least, they will be admitted to be very essence 1 improve, herds. What may be the alterations in the full-dress costume of the officers, on the lavender unmentionables, we are not at present prepared to say ; but we feel satisfied that the same good taste which has dictated the in tin transformation will be extended to the minor details. Veobi'aiuaw South On Saturday last, Mr. and Mrs. Hurlstone outer tained at their residence, Chester-street, Hyde Park, eighty of the London members of the Vegetarian Society, at a friendly meeting. The elegant drawing room was beautified by the pain ings of the celebrated artist, the owner of the house. The entire company seemed highly delighted with the entertainment, and as one of the enthusiastic speakers observed, the '. flesh-eating world, with its beef-worship, was forgotten in in the pleasant anticipation of the approaching civilization of mankind, when no sentient creature shall he slaughtered for food." After an hour of conversation, the company partook of " pure vegetarian refreshments " A spacious table, covered with a a variety and profusion of vegetarian preparations, and fruits artistically arranged, presented as pleasant a sight to the eye as the articles were gratifying to the palate. The repast completed, Dr. Viottin_»hofF, the Vice-President of the London Vegetarian Association was called to the chair, and appropriate speeches delivered by Mr. and Mrs, Horsell, Messrs. Towgojd,"Hutchins, Dick, Fairwoatlmr, | and Dornbusch. Two vegetarian young ladies delighted the company with an exhibition of their vocal powers ; so much so that c r turn of the more zealous of the dietetic reformers declared, that the results " clearly proved that abstinence from flesh-eating increased the clearness, depth, and compass of the voice." The company separated, after thanking the kind host and hostess for the treat which they had afforded London Paper, Sept. 4. Boiled Ocean some hot countries, to which Yankee ice is sent it is considered at a great luxury. An African journal relates that a gen tlem m, who had purchased some lumps of it, sent it to his cook, with orders to have it set up for dinner. The cook was at a loss what to do with it but as he had a pot of boiling water over the fire, He dropped the ice into it. At the dinner- table, the master said, when (he dessert was ready, " Now fetch on the ice." ' All gone, masse." Gone ! where h it gone to ." " Why massa, rae put it in the pot to boil and when we look for it, it wasn't there!" The poor fellow had a bottle thrown at, his, head for his blunder. Readino.-The amusement of reading is among the greatest consolations of life ; it is the nurse of virtue ; the upholder in adversity ; the prop of independence ; the support of a just pride; the strengthener of elevated opinions; it is the reporter of the fool's scoff and the knaves poison. Sir Egerton Brydges. The CnsLSEA Quest Mr. Robert Owen has received special intelligence respecting this apparition. He has written to the Morning Pottenger,- At four o'clock to- day, I hall, by appointment of the spirits of President Jefferson and Benjamin Franklin, a seance of Importance for an hour and a half, and afterwards at six o'clock, also by appointment, with his Royal Highness the Duke of Kent for an hour, after which I inquired if any other spirit was present and Shelley, the poet, an old friend of mine, announced his presence and willingness to answer any questions, and the enclosed conversation occurred. I asked if it should be published, and he replied ' Yes, and in the Morning rust.' He also wished myself and the two mediums who were present to accompany him to see this spirit to-morrow at 5 o'clock. It will, I think, interest the public. Yours truly. Hohem OweN." I inquired of the spirited Sholleylf the ghost in Fond- terrace Is a spirit from the spirit world and bf says that he is. 1 asked of what family ? Thasphltof Shelley replied, ' Of the family of Ward. I then attire!, "Do you know what the spirit wishes?' 2 Yes to make mediums.' ' In what way V ' Because we want to convince them that spirits wish to communicate with their earthly friends.' ' From what sphere is this spirit I" ' From the fourth sphere ' All this was obtained by the Alphabet, li. O." A correspondent writing to a certain policy, state the real facts of the case --" in the house, No. 6, Pond-terrace, there lived a young man of the name of James Ward, who is subject to HU, which, when he is attacked, bring on certain delusions, and hence the report. This was the first for his kind for the first four years. The only constables who visited the room where the man in question was lying were acting Sergeant Wright, 391), and constable luce, 248 It, who state that they never saw anything but the unfortunate sufferer.',' The landlord of the house confirms this statement. 