^''?^?''?'??Wmisiit^. ' '' ?. ;:TBBiPHYSIClAN'S LAST LESSON. — The last thing a physician learns in the course of his experience is, : to know when to do nothing, but quietly to wait, audiiallow naure and time to have fair play in checking the progress of disease, and gradually restoring ihe strength and health of the patient. Who Wants Whiskees. — 'In an advertisement commencing with the tender inquiry, ' Do you want lxuriant hair 1' we find the followng testi monial .—' L have now a full pair of whiskers;' send me another pot, Major Hutton.' What ! another pot of whiskers ? Now we have heard of potted hare and several other luxuries that are potted, but we never recollect hearing of potted whiskers ! '. What an unique and meaning expression was that pf a young Irish girl, in .giving testimony against an individual in a court of justice the other day, 'Arrah, sir,' said she, ' I am sure he nevei\ made his mother smile.' There, is a. biography of unk'inilness in that short and simple sentence. ' The New York Star emits the. .following beam :— A correspondent entered an oilice, and accused the compositor with not having punctuated his com munication, when .the typo: earnestly replied, ' I'm not a pointer, — I'm, a setter.' Mrs. Swisshelm, editor of the Pittsburgh Gazette, boasts that she holds a baby on one arnij while she scribbles away with the other. 'The young lady who kissed us by mistake the ?other nrigh't,1 is respectfully informed that we dare her' to do it again. A dark doorway provided on thie shortest notice* 'When a joker dies, what sort of a carriage does ire make ? A waggon, (wag gone.) : If you have lost yonr pig, steal your neighbours, and hide it. He will make search, and perhaps find your pig. ? The editor of an exchange says, he never saw but one ghost, and that was the ghost of a sinner, ?who died without paying for his paper. 'Twas twrrible to look upon —the ghost of Hamlet was not a; circumstance to it. 'Lad,' said a lady to a hoy, carrying news papers, 'are you the mail boy?' 'You don't think'l'ze a female boy, duz yer?' ' A housemaid in a middle-class family was lately lamenting the loss of her boa, for which she has given ' t\yo guineas and a-half. ? A 'cute Down Easter says he once saw a fellow c.ould lie down and jump, over himself, stand up and jump tinder himself, turn round and jump beside himself, turn round and jump through himself, and then, turn back, and iump Jim Crow. 1 The Art of Dinixg-out. — The Diner-Oufmust have a most passionate love for children. He must so comport himself that, when announced, every child in the mansion shall set up a yell — a scream of rapture — rshall rush to him — pull his coat tails — climb on his back — twist their fingers in his hair — snatch his' watch from his pccket ; and while they rend his super-Saxony — load his shoulders — and ? threaten instant destruction to his repeater, the Diner-Out must stifle the agony at his heart and pocket, and to the feebly- expressed fears of the mamma, that the children are troublesome, the Diner-Out must call into every corner of his face a look of the most seraphic delight, and with a very . chuckle assure the anxious parent that the little rouges are charming ! ? . An American student, at a german university, writes home : — ' A German bed is always a single bed. In the case where Providence has blessed a man wiih a wile, the same custom is adhered to, and the single beds are drawn lovingly side by side.' ? A CnoCKETTER. — Colonel Crocket, while on an electioneering trip, fell in at a gathering, and it became necessary for him to treat the company. His finances were, rather low, having but one coon skin about him ; however he pulled it put, slapped it down on the counter, and called for its value in whiskey. The merchant measured out the whiskey, and, threw the skin into the loft?. The colonel ob \- . serving the logs very open, took out his ramrod, and upon the, merchant turning his back, twisted his 'coon skin out and pocketed it : when more whisky was wantjed, the same skin was puiled out, slapped upon the counter, and its value called for. Tnis trick was played until they were all tired pf drinking. . 