A CHAPTER ON DANCING. [Anything in the shape of censure of the indecen- cies of modern dancing would probably be considered obtrusive, and certainly would be denounced as narrow and prudish, if appearing in the pages of a religious publication. The following testimony from ‘Blackwood's Magazine' is not open to the same objection, and deserves the consideration of parents who are desirous to know how their sons and daughters are employed, when allowed to re- main at dancing parties till three or four in the morning. Is it possible that Christian parents wink at such practices?] The waltz, as we danced it, was decent of its kind. No father of a family, we think, whatever be the practices of fashion, can rejoice in seeing his daughter's waist spanned by the arm of some de- based dragoon whose advances she can hardly release without committing a breach of the idiotical rules which modern usage inculcates. Surely, in a free country, a woman ought to be free in her choice even of a temporary partner; and the base not on which prevails that a lady, by refusing the invitation of one man to dance, is debarred from accepting a more congenial offer, is utterly foreign and repug- nant to the rules of chivalry. But not to perpetrate a digression in favour of provincial usages, let us return to the matter in question. We maintain, now, that Lord Byron, writing [in his poem - "The Waltz"] under the name of Horace Hornem, was fully justified in the utterance of every coupiet. The poet is a seer; and though we, perhaps, in our younger days could descry no impropriety in the waltz, which merely admitted us to a nearer degree of contact than the former Terpsichorean evolutions, the prophetical eye of the bard foresaw the necessary consequence. The character of the waltz gradually became changed. From a graceful rotary motion it dege- nerated into a Bacchic movement, similar, no doubt, to the first Thespian performances, which were in- tended, as scholars tell us, to be in honour of the young Ladies. Thou came the galoppe, which was a still further manifestation of the triumphal pro- gression of Ariadne. Dancing, as one of the fine arts, now received its virtual death blow. You saw an infuriated-looking fellow throw his arm round a girls waist, and rush off with her as if he had been one of the troop of Romulus abducting a reluctant Sabine. Sabina, however, made no remonstrance, but went along with him quite cordially. They pur- sued a species of bat-like race around the room, jerking, flirting, backing, and pirouetting without a rule, and without any vestige of grace, until breath failed them, and the panting virgin was pulled up short on the arm of her perspiring partner. Ghost of Count Hamilton ! Shade of De Grammont! has it really come to this ? You knew, in your day, something about the Castlemaines and others, but never did you witness, in public at least, such orgies as British matrons and mothers now placidly con- template and approve. This called for a reform; and it was reformed. By what? By the introduction of the polka, the favourite dance, and no wonder of the casinos. View it philosophically, and you find it to be neither more nor less than the nuptial dance of Bacchus and Ariadne. Our mothers or grandmothers were staggered, and some of them shocked, at the intro- duction of the ballet in the opera houses. What would they say now, could they see one of their female descendants absolutely in the embrace of some hairy animal, fronting him, linked to him, drawn to him, her head reclining on his shoulder, and he perusing her charms, executing the most ungraceful of all possible movements, at the will of a notorious Tomnoddy ! No doubt everything is innocent, and the whole dance is conducted, on one side at least, with perfect purity of idea. But, somehow or other, these grapplings, squeezings, and approximations look rather odd in the eyes of the unprejudiced spectator; and we, who have seen the feats of Egyptian Almas almost surpassed in British ball rooms, may be pardoned for expressing our con- viction that a little, nay, a good deal, more of femi- nine reserve then is presently practised would be vastly advantageous to the young ladies who resort to those haunts which they have been taught to con- sider as the matrimonial bazaar. - Evangelical Christendom. Bow Church and its Balcony.— Over the door- way of Bow Church, as seen from the side of Cheap- side, may be observed a small balcony, to which considerable interest attaches itself. When tourna- ments were held in Cheapside, and when all great processions passed through this important tho- roughfare, there stood on the north side of the old church, as early as the reign of Henry III, a stone building called the crown-side or shed, in which the Kings of England and their cunsorts sat as specta- tors, and from this circumstance there can be little doubt that the balcony to which we have alluded was its origin. It was in the crown-sild, in 1599, that Henry V111 sat, disguised in the garb of a yeoman of the guard, to witness the procession of the city watch at night, on the eve of St. John. The city music, we are told, preceded the Lord Mayor’s officers, in party-coloured liveries; then followed the sword-bearer, on horse-back, in beauti- ful armour, before the Lord Mayor, mounted also as a stately horse, richly caparisoned, and attended by a giant and two pages on horseback, three pageants, morrice dancers and footmen. The she- riff marched next, preceded also by their officers in proper liveries, and attended by their giants, pages, morrice dancers, and pageants. Then followed a large body of demi-lancers, in bright armour, on stately horses; and after them a body of carabineers in white fustian coats, with the city arms upon their backs and breasts. A division of archers, with their bows bent and shafts of arrows by their side, a party of pikemen, in orosslets and helmets, a body of halberdiers, also in orosslets and helmets, and a great party of billmen, with helmets and aprons of mail, brought up the rear. The whole consisted of about two thousand, in several divisions, with musicians, drums, standards, and ensigns, ranked and answering each other in proper places; who marched from the conduit at the west end of Cheap- side, through Cheapside, Poultry, Cornhill, and so back to the conduit whence it first set out, illumi- nated with 980 cressets, or large lanthorns, fixed at the end of poles, and carried on men's shoulders, of which 200 were provided at the expense of the city, 600 at the expense of the incorporated compa- nies, and 240 at the expense of the city constables. And besides these the streets were well lighted with a great number of lamps, hung against the houses on each side, decorated with garlands of flowers and greens. So delighted was King Henry with the spectacle, that on the occasion of the next proces- sion, which took place on the eve of St. Peter and St. Paul, he carried the queen and her ladies to witness the sight from the crown-sild in Cheapside. Charles 11. and Queen Anne are severally men- tioned as witnessing the pageantry of Lord Mayor’s day from a "balconi ’ in Cheapside. The Leicester Chronicle states that lately, Alym- piss, the son of a Tartar chief, and late an officer in the Russian Army, lectured in Belvior Street, on the customs, manners, and religion of Independent ?>ariary. (We were enabled to publish, exclusively, in a second edition of our Friday’s impression, the following manifesto from the Lieutenant- Governor in reply to the Gold Diggers’ petition, which we think sufficiently important to be reprinted.] Government Office, Melbourne, 20th August, 1853. "On the 1st instant I received a deputation charged with the duty of presenting me with a Petition on behalf of a large number of licensed miners engaged on the Mount Alexander, Bendigo, and other Gold Fields. “2. In my verbal reply I expressed my perfect readiness to give every subject urged upon my notice the fullest consideration, and, as far as cir- cumstances permitted, took occasion to express my general views and impressions on the document laid before me and on the topics which were started in the course of the conversation which followed. “3. In order to obviate any misapprehension or doubt on the part of those interested, I would now direct the Colonial Secretary to forward this more formal reply to the petition placed in my hands. This is the more incumbent upon me as a very erroneous impression is likely to be conveyed in various important particulars by the publication of what purports to be a detailed report of the inter- view and of the conversation which followed the presentation of the petition. 4\. “ The first prayer of the petition urges the re- duction of the license fee. It may be well here, at once to correct a false impression entertained, and insisted upon by some, that the license fee is a TAX, and as such, moreover unjust, as being levied upon a portion of the community which is at present un- represented. The term is in no way applicable to it. It is a charge made upon the individual for the liberty of seeking and appropriating to his own use that which, according to law, is the property of the public; property from which it is but reasonable and just that the community at large, as well as the in- dividual, should reap some advantage for the com- mon good; and this advantage cannot be secured in any other way than by raising, with the concurrence of the Legislature, a revenue in one shape or other, such as may enable the Executive Government to meet that great expenditure which the gold dis- coveries themselves, their occupation by the indi- viduals interested, and the results to which they have led, have entailed upon the public. “The system now in force is, for the time, the law of the land. The License Fee is levied under an Act of the Legislature, which cannot be repealed without the consent of that body. The Lieutenant- Governor, even if convinced of the propriety of so doing, has no power to set it aside. The Act will expire at the close of the present year, before which time it will be necessary to introduce another measure either for its renewal or alteration. "lt will be for the Legislature during the ap- proaching Session, to weigh well what may be the just course to pursue for the good of the whole community, and to consider the reasons, which time may have brought to light, for admitting a modifica- tion, if any, in the present system, or for the sub- stitution of any other arrangement equally fair and equitable, calculated to produce the same means of maintaining those great establishments which must be kept up at all hazards, for the public good, and in a great measure for the direct benefit and advan- tage of the mining population itself. 5\. Any reduction of the license fee itself would be attended by no proportionate diminution in the expenditure necessary to insure to the Miner the security and advantages now held out to him; the necessity of the maintenance of a staff for the support of the public interests — the management of the respective Gold Fields — the distribution and protection of Claims — and settlement of disputes, is obvious. It will also be requisite to provide for a large Police Force, Gold Escorts, and support of establishments for the prompt administration of Justice. All this expenditure will be as imperative after such reduction as at the present time. The call for the formation and maintenance of the great lines of communication will be as urgent as ever. On the line of road between Melbourne and Mount Alexander alone there have been made, or are in progress of formation at this time, no less than 62 miles of road, with 80 bridges and culverts; the formation of this road alone will cost, it is cal- culated, above £700,000, of which £250,000 have already been expended. "The direct expenditure from 1st January, 1853, to end of July, caused by the gold fields, police, escorts, coroners, medical, clerical, judicial, and other establishments, amounted to above £600,000. I believe no great amount of this expenditure could be reduced, even if the license fee were entirely abolished. “ The revenue derived in the same period from gold fields and escorts, reached only to £474,600. 6\. “I have said that, until repealed in due course of law, the payment of the license fee is the law of the land; and it is the duty of the Executive Go- vernment to take all proper measures to see that it is paid in accordance with the regulations. “I express no opinion here as to the expediency or practicability of raising the required revenue in any other manner, but when the proper time arrives would turn aside from no suggestion which might hold out a prospect of its being raised, in any form in appearance less burdensome to individuals, or more easy of collection. 7\. The fact alleged, that the mining population, as a body, may not, in appearance, be represented in the Legislature, is a subject which may justly demand attention. ''lt will meet with every consideration on my part, for it is very contrary to the spirit and wish of the Government that any portion of the community should be debarred the proper means of bringing their interests and wishes fairly under notice. “ The subject, however, is one which it is requisite to approach with caution, and can only be remedied by an Act of the Legislature. Up to a comparatively late date, the constitution only recognised the possession of freehold and lease- hold property of a certain class as giving a claim to direct representation, and the pastoral interest, great and important as it has undeniably been, until the recent alteration, exercised no direct right of representation in the Councils of these Colonies. 8\. The second proposition made by the Peti- tioners is, that monthly or quarterly licenses should be issued at the option of the applicants. To this suggestion there may be some objection raised, but none, perhaps, of sufficient weight to render me indisposed to concede it, if it can be carried out un- der proper regulations. I will take the subject into early consideration. It is the obvious interest of Government that every faculty should be given by the Regulations to the ready issue of licenses, when applied for; and so far as any extension or alteration of existing arrange- ments may afford greater convenience, I shall at once direct such to be made. 9\. I apprehend, with regard to the third request, that not much real hardship would be removed by its being acceded to. It would entail a yet greater difficulty upon the authorities in carrying out the regulations, and I would point out that the regula- tion of April 5, section eleven, was specially framed to meet the reasonable objections which were ad- vanced against the prompt enforcement of the pay- ment of the License Fee in the case of the new ar- rival, and I had reason to believe that it had gene- rally answered the purpose. 10\. “The fourth claim of the Petition, that greater facilities should be given to the miners and residents on the Gold Fields for the purchase of small portions of agricultural land, has long been the subject of my most anxious attention. I am doing every thing that lies in my power to comply with their wishes, so far as I have been advised, that the law would bear me out, I have sought to secure for the miner all the advantages which he could reasonably look for. There have been diffi- culties (I trust these are now being overcome) cheifly arising from the inability of the Survey De- partment to meet all the demands upon it. 11\. “The fifth, that the fine for not taking out a license should be reduced to one pound, I must de- cline to accede to, as it would be a mere concession to the breaker of the law, which I am bound to support, it must be left to the discretion of the Magistrates to deal with each case brought before them according to its merits. 12\. The sixth application, that the constabulary should not carry arms when enforcing the license fee, I have no difficulty in conceding, as I consider that under ordinary circumstances it may be both inex- pedient and unnecessary for them to do so. I have always expressed my disapproval of any display of unnecessary force. It must, however not be for gotten, that the custom of sending out the police armed upon this special duty, as far as it has pre- vailed, has arisen from the custom of carrying arms amongst the mining population itself. I believe the great majority of the licensed occupants of the Gold Fields are, as they profess, thoroughly loyal, and disposed, when left to the discretion of their own reason and good sense, to support the authorities and discountenance disorder. “I have no reason to believe that any class of the numerous bodies of foreigners, who have hitherto intermingled freely with the mining population, are otherwise minded. 1 have never intimated distrust in them, and have always evinced a disposition to treat all, as long as they conducted themselves in accordance with the laws, to which they had made themselves subject, with perfect impartially. And here I may state that I am represented in the pub- lished report above alluded to, to have stated that, 'if I found that the Petition laid before me was signed by Germans and aliens, it would militate against its force with me — this does not convoy the truth. What I said was in reply to an insinuation from one of the deputation, that invidious acts of the Government agents were calculated to excite discontent among the foreigners. I expressed my doubt if that were the case, and I observed that from the first the Government of this Colony had placed the foreigners upon precisely the same footing as the native born subjects of Her Majesty; and that, viewing this undoubted fact, and (in the case of the numerous Germans particularly), con- trasting the perfect personal liberty which all en- joyed here with the political restraints of the coun- tries from which they had emigrated, I should be surprised to find any large number of signatures of those classes, attached to any document expressing discontent. 13\. “Adverting to the general statements made in the preamble to the Petition, not hitherto touched upon, I have to make the following remarks:— On referring to the Chief Gold Commissioner, as to the observations in the third paragraph, I have ascer- tained that, while it may be admitted that instances of extraordinary individual success may not be so frequent, as in the earlier workings of the Gold Field, there are reasons to be adduced why this may be the case. “ The great energy shown by the first miners is not now so frequently exhibited. — nor is the same oppor- tunity perhaps afforded; for now, whenever a spot of extraordinary richness is found, there are at all times numbers ready at band to set in and fully occupy the whole ground, so that of late no single party could hope to open many claims upon it. To bear out the assertion, that the Gold Fields are filling, and the people proportionately impoverished, reference is made to the quantity of gold brought down, being less in proportion to the numbers engaged on the Gold Fields than was the case for- merly. But this is not a fair criterion to go by, inasmuch as the number of actual miners does not bear the same proportion to the population that it did some months ago. A far larger number being now engaged otherwise than in mining; a far larger proportion of females and children are now on the ground, and it is probable, that full one-third of the whole adult male population is occupied in other pursuits. 14\. With regard to the general allegations made against the Police, and other authorities on the ground, I can only repeat, as I have done on former occasions, when appealed to, that I have been most anxious, that the administration of the Law, and the necessary control over the Gold Fields for the public security, should be carried on without undue severity, or reasonable cause of complaint. The injustice of general and sweeping charges is evident, and their inutility equally so. Causes of complaint in particular cases may arise, but in no instance whatever has an appeal been made to me in a form which would admit of inquiry, but every attention has been paid to it, and in no single in- stance, where misconduct has been proved, has the offence been passed over. 15\. “With regard to the broad assertion, that un- licensed Miners have been chained to trees, and con- demned to hard labour on the public roads of the Colony, I am satisfied by the result of the enquiry I have made, that the statement will not stand (the test of investigation. “If it be shown, that any unlicensed Miner has been so treated, it will be found that he has not been in custody solely for unlicensed mining, but on some more serious charge, and that in the absence of a proper lock-up, on the first occupation of a new field, it has been necessary to secure his person in the only manner which was at hand. “I am assured, that no such illegal sentence has been passed, still less carried out, as that of con- demning the non-possessers of licenses to hard la- bour on the public roads. But in many cases, it is known, that individuals who have been sentenced to imprisonment, in default of payment of a fine for working without a license, have been permitted at their own request, and as an indulgence, to earn the amount of the fines inflicted by labouring on the camp works; and for every day so employed, the fullest amount of wages has been allowed, according to the rates given at the camp. 16\. The deputation stated to me, that hundreds of instances could be cited, to prove the general as- sertion of a disposition on the part of the officials to not despotically, and to exercise cruelty. These I requested might be formally brought under my notice. This has not been done up to the present date. But as they have since given publicity to certain of them, with sufficient clearness to allow them to be identified, I have been enabled at once to inquire into the fact. In Simpson's case I am informed that the defen- dant was fined under the Act for the prevention of Obscene Language, after most aggravating conduct on his part towards the constabulary, and that he did not attempt to deny the charge. “ The case of the Blacksmith, who is represented as rescued from the Police, has also been inquired into. It is found, that he never was legally in cus- tody, and it might have been well to mention that the authorities at Bendigo had already long before the representations was made public, dismissed and the Sergeant for exceeding his authority. “ When other similar cases come to be inquired into, I am justified in the belief that in many of them, it will be found that the whole truth has not been stated; but I would repeat, that in every instance in which investigation may be asked, it will be granted, with every disposition to discover the truth. "I believe that it is the wish of the officers entrusted with the government of the Gold Fields, to not rightly and repress and punish official mis- conduct amongst subordinates to the utmost. They can have, it must be recollected, no interests distinct from the general well-being of the community. 17\. "I would here take occasion to express my regret at seeing any attempt made to introduce dis- tinctions, between the mining and other classes of the colonists. There are few of the latter who, though not actually mining for gold, are not directly or indirectly connected with or dependent upon the prosperity of the former. There is a constant inter- change of interests, and even of position, between the several classes, and far from magnifying one interest above another as I have been represented to have done, I have never considered that the in- terests of any class were such as could not be recon- ciled with those of others, and as far as my ability and power went have sought to unite and harmonize all. 18\. “In conversation with the Deputation I pointed to the measures of the Government as a proof of its due appreciation of the just claims of the mining class to attention and protection; and the members of the Deputation expressly admitted that such a disposition had been evinced. “The Deputation informed me that the sole object which they personally had in view in moving in the matter, was the Public Good. I differ from them, however, in their estimate of the menus and machin- ery by which the public good and social prosperity are to be secured. “I am no enemy to free and honest discussion of any subject of public interest — am ready to give due consideration to any memorial addressed to me whether signed by many or by few; but I do not think public advantage is to be promoted by loose and intemperate discussions of questions of im- portance, or by an agitation, which, however possible defended, may be shown to be, in sober fact, questionable or uncalled for; still loss by incitement to the adoption of a course of conduct on the part of any portion of the community, which must at once infuse doubt, and possibly distress, amongst every class of individuals connected with the Gold Fields; interpose a check alike to our present public and private prosperity, and be hailed by the disorderly throughout the Colony as a special movement in their favor. “I will not doubt but in the opinions here ex- pressed, I shall be seconded by those of a very great majority of the licensed occupants of the Gold Dis- tricts; and I look to their principle and good sense, to yield that obedience to the laws of the country, and support to the authorities charged with ad- ministrating them, which both may claim from all professing themselves loyal subjects.’’ C. J. LA TROBE. The Lion of Texas. — The New Orleans ‘Picayune,’ referring to a Mexican lion exhibiting in that city, says - It, the tail, hangs to what the naturalists call a puma; the Mexicans, a lion, the Texans, a Mexican lion. A splendid fellow he is, too, with great sleepy green eyes, a skin as soft as velvet, and beautifully mottled, teeth half an inch long and sharp as razors, claws over an inch in length, paws four inches across, limbs as finely proportioned as a sculptor could desire, and as brawny as any ploughman’s you ever saw, a chest as broad as a young colt’s, and a body as flexible as a snake's. The fellow is playful too; the only pre- caution to be taken is not to put your hand where he can get hold of it. To look at him one would think him the gentlest of kittens, as weak and deli- cate as a mouse; but a look at his old cage, with the thick timbers torn up as if struck by lightning, will change this opinion at once. Once or twice already he has got loose in the big warehouse where he is kept, and such a sudden disappearance of the human inhabitants thereof as then took place was never before witnessed. He did no harm, however, being mercifully inclined. The speciman of what Texans can produce in the way of wild animals was, when a cub, caught on the Rio Grande, by an officer in the army, and was presented by him to a friend of his residing in Corpus Christi. He grew up under the charge of a Mexican, who led him about, with- out a chain, and treated him as he would a favorite dog. The animal never attempted to harm his guardian, and appeared to have a decided affection for him. Not long since an acquaintance of ours, a young man unacquainted with the ways of the world, and particularly of the world of Texas, was out on horseback in the prairies, back of Corpus Christi, looking for what he could see. Presently, in moving along the road, he came across one of those low, odd, awkward-looking things, called a Mexican cart. It occupied the middle of the high way; the oxen harnessed to it were lying down, chewing the cud of animal reflection. The vehicle was apparently unoccupied. Our adventurer rode nearer, and just as he was within a few feet of the cart, up rose suddenly a tall, black, oil skin covered steeple-shaped Mexican hat, and under it one of the strangest faces that ever astonished a stranger. It was no less an individual than our lion, who had sprung up there and sat on its haunches, showing his teeth in a grim smile, and staring out of his big, green, glistening eyes in no pleasant manner for a person unaccustomed to such adventures. Our traveller fell all overish down to his boots; his horse frightened out of his wits, snorted and reared, and pranced around, getting as far out of the way of the cart as he could. The lion sat still, wagging his long tail, and evidently enjoying the scene. His appearance with the tall, queer hat was ridiculous enough; still there was something about him that made it more natural to desire to get out of his neighbourhood than to stay near and laugh at him. Our traveller speedily regained his presence of mind, and forced his horse up to the cart. A man’s head now rose above the sides of the cart and called out, in Spanish, what the senor wanted. The lion’s companion was his guardian, a Mexican. He was going down to Corpus Christi to deliver him to his owner, and at noon had stopped his cart and laid down to take a nap. The lion's haunch was an excellent pillow for the Mexican’s head, and the lion's head a superior deposit for the Mexican’s hat. So both had gone lovingly to sleep together. The Mexican lion nowise resembles his African or Asiatic namesake. He is more main to the tiger. The one we have spoken of above is the finest spe- cimen of the three we have ever seen. They are now quite rare in Texas.” 