Central intelligence. THE JUBILEE. WESTBURY. A correspondent »ays ¡ " In this township during the dny business was partially suspended. In the evening several of the houses were illuminated. Mr. Quigly, tinsmith, exhibited a V. R. with festoons and lamp* in front of his premises: this had a »ery good effect. Mr. Douglas, to the amusement of the youngsters, made a display of fireworks, and again the following evening, with the addition of a lar barrel on top of pole, which vat greatly admired by the jufcniles." CAMPBELL TOWN DEMONSTRATION, IOth August. Tbe.day was ushered in hy the firing of cannan mid guns at daybreak. At one o'clock from 200 to 300 .children assembled at an unoccupied store, kindly lent hy Mr. Tucker, of Ross, for the occasion. There a splendid entertainment was provided, and the children were joined hy a large party of Indies and gentlemen, who all united to render the scene lively and interesting. At Jtnlf.pnst four o'clock a numerous company of gentlemen and tradesmen of the district .dined together at the Rainbow Hotel. The tables were tastefully luid out,under the skilful management of Mr. Henry Gurr, the proprietor of the house. The chair was taken by Dr. Valentine, John Mao kersey, -Esq., of Morningside, occupying the vice-chair. Amongst the guests present were Hezekiah Harrison, E-.q., Win. Leake, Esq.', of Rosedale, Cant, brear, Dr. Harrington, IJ. C. Adams, Ivq , Thus, Rostock, Esq., C. Harrison, Esq., A. W. anil J. Hog;;, Mr. H. Kean, Mr. fat tick Kearney, Mr. Rolls, £cc. After the cloth was cleared, the worthy Chairman proposed the health of tile Queen in an appropriate speech, taking occasion to remind the company that from her lips first proceeded the wish to stay that evil the remo*ni of .which we are here this day met to commemorate. ( Loud cheers. ) The Vice-Chairman then proposed the health of R. ¡Q. Kermode, E>q , member for the district, which was drank with enthusiastic applause. The health of the native youths-the 10th of August, a day to be remembered-the Australasian League flag ; the last of which was duly acknowledged by Mr. ii. Kean in a spirited and energetic speech. The evening of the day was spent in the discharge of fireworks. Nearly the whole of the township was illuminated, and a .bonfire wat made on the .hill. - Communicated. ADDRESi TO HER MAJESTY. The following Address wai adopted at Launceston on .the Jubilee Day : To the QUEEN'S Most Excellent Majesty. May it please Your Majesty, We Your Majesty's faithful subjects, inhabitants of tha Northern division of Van Diemen'* Land, in public meeting assembled, beg to approach Your Majesty with renewed eipressions of loyalty and attachment to Your Majesty's crown and person. We have on former occasions addressed Your Majesty in the language of complaint and entreaty. We have represented to Your Majesty tbe aggravated evils, of a' moral, political, and social nature, entailed upon this community by the continuance of Transportation. We have, as in duty bound, espressrd to Your Majesty the anxiety and alarm which, as Your Majesty's faithful and loyal subjects, wa fslt at the serious effects such con- tinuance, notwithstanding their petitions and remon- strances, waa producing on the neighbouring Australian Colonies, effects which we lind too much reason to appro , I head were rifpTdly lending lo alienate .their attachment fioin the British Government mid eventually lo «minti ger in supremacy iii these realms. We Imvu niau earnestly prayed "Your ¡Majesty to relieve us, und to nveil sucli evils, by graciously directing that Trunspor talion to this island should ut once and altogether cease. On tile day «« hick lias been chosen mid set apnrt by this community io celébrate the joyful event, it becomes our pleasing duty lo approach Your Mujesly with the expression of our heuitfelt thanks mid grateful acknow- ledgments for Your Al»just)'s lute gracious attention' to our petitions, mid that Your Majesty has been pleased to direct that no more convicts shall be sent lo these «hores. We would humbly venture to congratulate Your Majesty on having uround Your Majesty's throne those wise and faithful counsellors who were Your ¿Majesty's advisers on this important question, on the issue of which the well-being and tranquillity of this and the neighbouring Australian Colonies altogether depended; und «ve would humbly ussure Your ¡Majesty that Your Majesty's gracious interference in our behalf lias done much to strengthen those feelings of attachment to the British government which it is the sincere desire of this community to maintain and cherish iu. till their integrity. We would again most humbly mid heartily thank Your ¡Majesty. We pray that Your Majesty may long be continued in health and wealth to reign over those exten- sive dominions of which it is our boast and happiness to form a purl, and again expressing our feelings of warm attachment mid loyalty to your Majesty's person, We remain, Y»ur Majesty'.-, loyal and dutiful subjects. Launceston, Van Diemen's Land. August 10th, 18D3. GREAT SWANPORT. At Riversdale, the residence of .Mr. Charles ¡Meredith, early preparations were afoot for the general diversion : in uhich the servants of the establishment, the tenants, and their servants were invited tu partake. In a meadow opposite Hie house a high " greasy pole," with its crowning glory of n shining new hat nml flouting ribbons, «vas setup betimes as the first holiday symptom. A lurge white fl.ig, with " God save the Queen" io leltei s formed of green leave«, was placed at the entrance gate, anil duly proclaimed the loyal and wholesome feel- ing that pervaded all classes on this day of grateful rejoicing. Other flags of gayer hues added to the general effect; and when ihe games began, in which the immigrants and their fellow.servants joined, in all good humour, with ««ives, daughters and children looking on, the scene became ii most pleasant and animated one. Foot races, leaping, jumping in sacks, putting the stone, and other sports succeeded each other; the winner in each trial being rewarded with the price either of a good peucoat, a gay waistcoat, or other oil ide of dress, a ¡urge basket of such commodities being placed ready iu a waggon, which formed the " Grand Stand " for the occa- sion. After the gymnastic feats, Mr. C. Meredith, in a short speech, requested "three cheers for the Duke of Newcastle mid Freedom I" which «vere given right heartily, and the assembly then adjourned to tho Al ill for a dunce. " Rule Britannia " and '. God Save l he Queen" were sung with great fervour, and u supper of good old English fare next claimed intention. After which a bontire wag lighted mid fireworks let off. All passed merrily, peacefully, mid happily, willi the exception of an unfortunate accident which happened to Mr. George Forster, whose right hand was severely burned by the explosion ot a rocket, us he ««us kindly assisting in the amusements of the evening. The Messrs. Amos, of Swanport, also gave a holiday to their servunis, and a juvenile tête to the children of the neighbourhood, with games and dancing. At Swansea the rejoicings and merry-making exceeded all anticipation, mid throughout the district the day wasone.ot exultation and hilarity.- Communicated. Toe Legislative Council meets, pursuant to ad- journment, this afternoon. The following business is on the paper. Mr. Anstey to move the consideration of His Excellency's Message No. 4. The Colonial Secretary to move the adoption of the Report of the Select Committee on His Excellency's Messago No. ö. Orders of the Day.-Oyster Bill, second reading; Post OfSce Bill, third reading; Deceased Persons' Estates Bill, third reading. Homeric ¡,0'Connok, of Benham, Esquire, has re- signed his seat in the Legislative Council ; and tho Lieutcnant-Govcrnor lias issued Letters Patent under the public soal of the Colony appointing William Langdon, of Montacute, Esquire, to ho a Non elective Member of the said Legislative Council in lion of the said Rodcric O'Connor, of Benham, Esquire, and until Her Majesty's pleasure shall bo knowu. A Precious Stone.-In the last news from Rio Janeiro wc find the following statement :-A diamond, valued at £200,000, of superior quality and as largo as a pigeon's c^g, was discovered in: one of tho miners' districts by a female slave, the property of a( poor lame man, who principally employed her in' searching for stones of value." The Lieutenant-Goverxor has directed it to bo notified, for general information, that a Writ has been returned to His Excellency certifying the return of Alexander Clerke, of Mountford, Esquire, to serve as a Member of the Legislative Council for the Electoral District of Longford, in the place of Joseph Archer, Esquire, deceased. Devon Road District.-At a meeting of Trustees held at the Port Sorell Inn, Burgess, on Wednesday, the 3rd August, 1853, Mr. George Baker was unani- mously appointed Collector and Assessor under tho Trust, vice Mr. Robert Bostock, deceased. Audit Office, 13th August, 1853.-Accounts for Contingent Exponeos sent to the Colonial Treasury for pay mont between the 5th of-the current month and this date :-Cleghorn and Anderson, New Market; J. Burrett, Shingles; the Rev. W. Brickwood, burial fees ; J. Primrose, a cofiin ; the executors of the late D. Lord, rent ; the director of public works, travelling expenses; G.Harris and J. Smith, cartage ; J. Jos- tage, stores'; W. Parkinson, A. Morrison, W. Jackson &Co.;, W.B. Dean, Green, Cleveland & Co., repayment, &c; J.Murdoch, forage; E. Edwards, stores ; G.Blytb, lime; D. Field, straw; T. Smith, J. Kellaway, pro- visions; J. Turnbull, J. Ghost, W. H. King, ferry - agc; J.Foster, W. T. Noyes, travelling cxpences; W. Elwin, S. Blackwell, E. Andrews. J. Hambrook, transport; M. Quinlan, C. Hodges, H. Tyson, W. Crawford, W. Carr oil, W. Sands, C. Scott, travelling cxpences. 51st K.O.L.I.--The friends of Major Errington will bo interested to hear that this gallant officer embarked in April, in the ship Trafalgar, for tho Cape of Good Hope. Post Office.-Mm. Field, wife, of Captain Field, is earnestly enquired for. Notice to Married Female Pass-holders.-The Comptroller-General has issued a notification to married female pass-holders, that the Lieutenant Governor has directed that they aro, from and after this date, to. register their residences at the Police Offieoof tho district iii which thoy may bo living; and that they aro not to leave such District without a pass from the Police Magistrate to the District to which they may bo removing. Any married female pass-holder who may be found not to comply with (he nbovo order will-be liable to be tried and punished for disobedience of orders. Staff Pensioners.-Tho undermentioned Pension- ers having abandoned their Cottages and Allotments of Land at the places set opposite their respectiva names, the same have been resumed by Government, and will be given to other pensioners ; viz,-Michael Donohoes, Westbury. William Cross, ditto. John Beavers, ditto. Thomas Newman, Campbell Town. Thomas Hannstonc, Longford. New Pouxdkeepkrb.-Mr. Thomas Jones has been appointed Poundkcoper in Argyle- street, Hobart lown, in the room of Mr. Thomas Littler, resigned, and Mr. Richard M. Lewis, at Hamilton, in tho room of Mr. Thomas Roadknight, resigned. Mr. William Hall has been appointed Poundkeeper at a new pound proclaimed instead of the pound now or lately kept by Mr. Sadler at New Town. At tho Police Office, yesterday, Mary Shepherd, charged with stealing a £1 bank Boto from tho per- son of John Allen, a seaman, on Saturday night last, was discharged, no prosecutor appearing.-Mary Carr, for stealing a purse, containing £1 6s. tho pro- perty of Mary Gonnelly; and Michael Sullivan, for a common assault on constable Matthews, were remanded until Friday next. Imi'obts am» Exports.-Two thousand bushels of oats and 90 tons of flour wera imported into the port of Hobart Town, and 500 bushels oats and 2 tons flour exported therefrom since last Customs' returns. Five cwts. flour were imported and 1120 bushels barley and 10 tons flour exported from Launceston during the same period. Longford Road Trust.-Mr. William Webb, of Longford, has boen appointed a Trustee in place of Mr. John Pooler, resigned. The Statf. Prisoners.-On tho 20th April the Canadian Parliament rejected, by a majority of six, an Address moved hy Mr. M'Kenzie in favour of the liberation of the Irish Exiles. > Police Department.-Mr. Thomas Clarkson has been appointed Chief District > Constable at Lum Bay, in tho district of Horton. Thomas Yeates to be a > special constable in tho scrvico of Gordon Burgess, Esq. ' ' , Important to Wool-growers.-Tho Journal du Cher relates an account which, if correct, may turn out very advantageous to wool-growers. About two years since a farmer named Virel, residing in tho canton of Clwtrtlet (Cher), had ono of his sheep seri- ously torn and injured by a dog. Although ho had but little hopo of saving the animal's life, ho decided on dressing its wounds, which ho did with some fatty substance mixed with tho juico o'f certain plants. Tho animal soon recovered, and in about two months after tho farmer remarked that the wool on tho parts which he had rubbed with this preparation was much finer and longer than elsewhere. Determined to try a further experiment, he last yoar pulled off all tho wool from tho bodies of six of the sheep, und rubbed them with the preparation fur three days following, and then turned thom out with tho others. ' At the end of August they were shorn, when they producod a much larger weight of wool than ordinary, and of a very superior quality. It is needless to say that he afterwards extended his experiment to a greater number, and a few days since ho proceeded to what ho calls his spring shearing, when each of the animals yielded about five pounds of very superior wool. Ile calculates that by the aid of his process ho will be able to have two shearings a year, spring and autumn. Tho grease he uses is said to be only mutton fat, but the herbs employed aro .a secret which ho, however, says he is very willing to sell to those who will pay him for it METEoitoi.oaic.iL.-Tire highest range of the baro- meter for the week ending, and inclusive, of tho 14th instant was 30*45 iii. : tho lowest 29*46 in. Tho highest temperature was 50°, the lowest 40°. Winds variablo, weather generally fine. Depth of rain on Saturday *02 inches. Ire in Italics.-Wo beg to inform the- Cornwall Chronicle that we never bet except with gentlemen. For tho especial information of that journal, we may also state that wo aro alike invulnerable to its censuro as indifferent to its praise. Its irate onslaught and varied " ploneauntrics" about reporting betray a con- siderable feeliug of alarm. The latter aro at best but second-hand, and consequently just upon apar with any novelty it can string together. If an estimate of ajournai were to be formed from the indifference with which its statements were generally treated, our con . temporary holds a distinguished place ; but, on the contrary, wo look upon the notice which the slightest misapprehension attracts as the best proof of tho general correctness and importance of a journal as a standard of reference, and as an acknowledgment of its influence and respectability. 