HONOR TO WHOM HONOR IS DUE. Tiir Queen's Speech on the opening of the first session of tlio new Parliament, presents undeniable proofs that his Excel lency Sir W. T. Denison's ever memorable, «... ..i. J.-. « 4.1. „ J. ; : _ c J. jJlULUol'O it£«l'tJlov Lilt Hill Llini«lLlUll U1 tldUb" portation, have at length been tlio occasion of procuring a Parliamentary enquiry into that most important question. Ho lias, it is equally certain, been ma terially aided in this great work hy all tho doctors and loblolly bovs of the system. Their truthful reports of its workings, in all its details, have 110 doubt been deeply interesting. Honor to whom honor is due. Another triumphal arch should ho im mediately erected, to celebrate tho event, 011 his return from his experimental tour throughout the provinces. His Excellency being disgusted at seeing men still under sentences for crimes which in his early (lavs he would have looked upon as infamous — made constables and put into offices of public trust, over both free arid bond, resolved to place such a system on tho Spread- Eay la, and for this purpose he wrote tho Secretary of State many very rotnarkablo despatches. What is tho consequence ? Punch says, her Ma jesty's interference in furtherance of his views, and that presently will be seen tho Managing Director, and all his staff", meet ing in Van Diemon's Land for the last time, and then vanishing triumphantly into thin air, like lianquo's Ghost. Honor to whom honor is due. Our Tasmanian Punch, who loves con sistency, earnestly attcl seriously recom- IllUluLUj lliwh l>nfoi(Q tlio ouitaui own1 thrtf scene drops, Uis Excellency should step forward to the foot-lights, and thero and then stretch forward the right hand of fel lowship to that gentleman of the Comp troller-General's acquaintance, who has the longest acknowledgment of services, 011 his visiting card, and also, that he should hand him 011 such an occasion, 11 A bacay box marked with his name," as a token of his enduring friendship and good opinion. Why should I10 not ? Whore is tho difference betweon crime and honesty ? Between men still under sentence, and those unconvicted ? Rubbish ; aro wo not all alike ? Is not Jack, who has money, (never mind how had) a bettor man than his master who has none ? Rubbish, aro we not .all born equal ? And again ; where is tho difference between tho mastor and tho man ? oxcepting that tho former is under great obligations to the batter for the kindnesses he is good enough obligingly to confer upon hint. Where can be the differ ence thon ? Show Punch, if you can, lie challenges you to do it, tho human being, great as a Lord as ho may be, who over came into the world with a shirt to his back. Is it not place, and money, and impudence, which make tho gentleman ? Rubbish ; ask Sir William Dcnison — ask anybody. Honor to whom honor is due. All hail to this new order of admirable and christian-like (so it is said) sympathy, which has been put forward and sustained by His Excellency, and other great Pa trons and Masters of the Jack Sheppard school, those illustrious reformers of men and manners ! 1 Honor to whom all honor is' due. Acting upon this excellent, 'although it is true, rather reversed ideas of right and wrong, names are now invariably used by respectable, intelligent persons," according to their proper meaning. The consequen ces of this, are already strikingly apparent. Van Diemen's Land is now very often spoken of by persons who understand, and faithfully desire to promote its interest, social, moral, and political, as acolony in truded upon hy free settlers, who came here unasked, who, if not previously con victed, it is very modestly said, certainly should have'been. Again; A midnight burglar who has robbed a house, and probably half mur dered its inmates, merely because he wanted money, is not now most improperly alluded to in private or public; company, as a villain who has been, or ought to be hanged ; but such is the improved tastes of society under His Excellency's Govern ment, that he is spoken gently of, and in an under tone, as an unfortunate person, who is " in trouble" His Excellency, with that admirable amiability of manners, for which he has always been so conspicuous towards those who agree with him, on that and every other question, sympathizes, in the true sense of the term, with all such unfortu nates, giving them place and office, in pre- ference to tho free and freed people; and, as no man still under sentence, (not even such very nice persons as Dalton and Kelly, who took the liberty the other day to knock off a head, Dalton thought was not wanted) can now get away to the diggings, (as past experience shows) he, Sir William Denison, has, of course, thought it, proper to lay this, and a great many other evi dences of what his friend Mr. Allison calls " fact information," before Iler Majesty's Secretary of Stale, in his most truthful convict despatches. Honor to whom all honor is due. Hence tho passage in Her Majesty's speech ! ! Punch, therefore , in all his humility of spirit, suggests, as an enduring memorial i of His Excellency's patriotic, persevering, consistent, and never-tiring devotion to all that is likely to raise this colony in the es timation of the world, and l ho rising gene ration in particular to their legitimate position, that a new order of Knighthood should immediately be instituted in the Australian colonics, to be called the order of " The Gentle Shepherd," (of course not the Gentle Jack) of which Sir William Thomas Denison shall be the first Grand Master. Certain it is — that no Governor, by his conduct on transportation afFairs, ever so richly deserved to be exalted I ! 1 Honor to tohoni all honor is due. 