See starting (P-IB1.I8T._1D DAILY.) I am in the place where I am demanded of corroboree to spend. the truth, and therefore the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list." TUESDAY, APRIL 12th, 1853. "UNLOCK THE LANDS.' It is often alleged against us that in spite of all the pains we may be at in the endeavor to reform abuse., we do not favor the Government with any new suggestions that we condemn, in fact, instead of an" vising and that if we limited ourselves to counsel instead of resorting to censure, many a useful hint would he given, and doubtless also acted upon. The principal answer that we have to this objection is, that it is not true. It may be a convenient mode of excusing the short-comings of a Government to say, " All this is mere abuse : there is no advice given, no course indicated, no remedy suggested for the evils complained of." But convenient as such excuses may be, they are false in point of fact, and therefore they are not worthy of much attention. There is scarcely a single issue of our Journal which does not seem with suggestions ; scarcely a street accident reported without a few words of counsel for avoiding its recurrence ; scarcely a Police Office case detailed without some suggestion being made for the checking of the offence committed, or the due detection and punishment of similar offenders. It is because advice is habitually neglected and the evil allowed to run its course unchecked and uncared for, that we find ourselves constrained to censure and condemn. It is because nepotism and jobbery pervade the arrangements of almost every office, that the example of negligence and incompetence at the live fowls diligent imitators ailment every department, that the food that will see l. useless', and that Me beat, me to peak in the It was of bills a con- be not which way boner here must sell. A Gmunmenl like ours is not a time" to be a hill within a in iii feel I can the date of' the t ii I boil it u councils on all) bets d (o li ter,- died in a- iii t n of the' j with a 1 ' t i". li i Li < i Insult I Hi ii i "in , line, I had.']) to li area It 1.11 1 Opt life of a pom Hill inn v iii a rich li' mt H oh i i II mt i (i , thin they said in ) ' i I ' its use even rule that n in i i I ii o i ' mu in a mi), mill evil, and do all still) a little of the i chill 111, oe'Dliun thurn u 0 it as a man near, me ultimo the cable object but the public welfare A bill 1 Utly appeared in our sufferings, form lame that the public was kept in a constant butt of a comment, by reported arrival. of. steamers, in consequence of private signals electric flag-staff being hoisted at the steamer end of the yard-arm. That very morning a change was made: the' schooner halyards are used for this pur- pose for the present and since then, people have found some other amusement than running about the streets -circulating incessant reports of the arrival of the Adelaide, A hint itppea-r-erl, of the incon- ' venience to which the public was exposed by the early closing of the Banks on Satur- days. The very next Saturday, notice was given that our leading local Bank, would extend its hours of attendance, an example which its brethren will doubtless find it expedient follow. With the whole body of the supporters of public institutions, the projectors of public meetings, public lectures, concerts, and other amusements, the advice which the Press may give is not only gladly sought, but grate- fully acknowledged, and usually acted upon. There are the people to advise. Advice is lost upon a Government blundering along in all the stubbornness of a dull stolidity; blind to what is going on around it; reckless of consequences to its people, so that it keeps upon terms with the Grey, or Pakington, or Newcastle, or Smith, or Brown, or Jones, whom a politiealjuggl«. may for a few months make the master of their fortunes. Such a Government, league as it is with the squatter against the progress of the aurora; league as it is with the Tasmanian felon against the security of its own subject; leagued with Satan himself against the sobriety, peacefulness, and innocence of the Colonists, is not a thing, we repeat, to be advised. It is a thing to be kicked, and buffeted and spat upon ; as a con- temptible mockery of a Government; as an organisation which has failed in the cheapest of its objects; as a traitorous combination which obtains money under false pretences, by receiving pay for the negligent and scandalous shirking of the duties. Let us for once, however, suppose that this miserable ghost and. pretence of a government were a thing upon which advice would not he wasted, and let us see how we should recommend it to meet the present universal cry of " Unlock the lands," The whole question of the issue of the leases to the squatters, and the Orders in Council authorising them, has been referred home ; accompanied, no doubt, with Reams upon reams of the hypocritical flummery, the concoction of which appears to be considered nearly the sole duty of a colonial Governor. "With the usual tardiness and univieldiness which form so material an element in our much-vaunted "construction" a very long time will elapse before any thing' final will be decided as to the main question. Meantime here is a vast crowd of people crying more and more urgently for land and the sullen withholding of that land is productive of evils, which to any really conscientious lover of his species, are of the most horrifying character. is this vast and constantly-increasing crowd to continue its cry, unheard ? Is the unlocking of the I lands to be deferred till the people are driven by sheer disgust, to save their so called rulers any further trouble, by deciding upon a "rape of the lock at once ? We say No, to both these proposi- tions. We take our stand upon that section of the Orders in Council to which we have so often referred, and which provides that nothing in the regulations shall interfere with the occupation of the land " for any purpose of public defence, safety, improvement, convenience, utility, and enjoyment," or prevent the Governor from making grants or sales of any lands for public purposes," " or for otherwise facilitating the improvement and settlement of the colony." Upon this clause we take our stand, and we advise this precious Government, that, without waiting for the settlement of the main question, it forthwith proceed to "unlock" so much of the land, at all events, as shall keep the people quiet, and do something to supply some portion of the veryurgcnÇwants of the community. With- out attempting to rob off a very simple requirement with any nonsensical reference to reserves at the Wimmera, or the farther end of Gipps Land, the top of the Snowy Mountains, or the middle of the Mallee scrub, we advise our shadowy mockery of an Executive to put up a good many thousand allotments of land just where the people most urgently want them, most particularly in the neighborhood of the various diggings. We advise them, as soon as ever a rich and permanent gold- field is discovered anywhere throughout the colony, at once to take the run wholly from the squatter then holding it; to refer him for compensation to a fairly consti- tuted jury of intelligent townspeople; or if he be not satisfied with that, to refer him still further to the Home Government, for the consideration of his claim. We advise our"ghost-like friend, then rapidly to survey the whole of the said run, and have it put up for sale by auction, stick and stump, hill and dale, range and gully, as promptly as circumstances will admit of in sections varying from ten acres to two hundred acres each; with some reservation of royalty probably, in the event of rich gold-mines being afterwards found upon it. We apprise them of a fact well enough known generally, but which may not yet have forced itself upon their dull ills, that more than five millions of money may now lying idle in the banks, for most of which there is no other possible only I but that afforded by the public funds. We ac- quit! the line with the fact, that the cold brow;, lit by the v it on- a- short. fuLL weekly a list Mind, to the outfall of about two j blinded their strong pound-.. We' report a fire. i than the whole yield of li. ii- lend j ..! ". during the last qua) her, in bed n by j in. a of a piiMi Field relates, only annihilated J to ,J_l-7,fe(U 11s. 7d, We acquaint them with the fact that there are thirteen weeks included in each quarter, And we show them (be natural deduction, that the weekly yield of gold largely exceeding the sums quarterly spent in land, there is more than j thirteen times too little land put up, even if there were not an accumulation of five millions of money yet to be, got rid of. We tell them, moreover, that provisions for man and horse are already extravagantly high upon the roads and at the diggings; that the wet weather will be here directly, and that flour is already more than 250 per ton, bran 7s. per , bushel, maize 233., oats 25 s. ; hay 50s. per cwt. and that cartage now about £30 per ton to Mount Alexander, rose during last winter to £150 per ton, and will so rise again. We tell them that this £150 per ton for carriage is a dead loss to the community that if it were mainly profit to the carrier, or expended in labor profitably employed, there would be some consolation in its expend a lure ; but that it is composed of such items as broken poles, " dead bullock.;?, knocked up horses, bogged drays, men deserted and drunken from exhaustion and disgust, rifled loads, and goods spoiled by weather; all resulting, we repeat, in a dead loss to the community. We tell them that had they done their duly and months ago sold plenty of land in suitable allotments, at Forest Creek, at Bendigo, at Balaarat, and at the Ovens, very much of this loss and extravagant expense would have been saved. At this very moment, in a fine ploughing and gardening season like this, every genial rain would send up myriads of those bright green shoots which mark the preparation of horse-feed and man-food in abundance ; thousands of garden allotments would now be profitably occupied, in pouring forth vegetables to add to the comfort of the digger, and prevent the heavy draught upon that portion of his food, which must be conveyed to him from a distance. 1 We tell this despicable abortion of a Government all this and we tell them that they might have done it all without infrac- tion of any law; without the breach of any 'pledge; without injury to any individual. We advise them to endeavor to repair the evil of their ways, and do now what ought to have been done long since. And till it is done, and they have afforded the thousands of recently rich men of the working classes some other mode of spending their money than at the public house, we advise them to endeavor to pre ' vent their chief from again treating US to such a sample of disgusting hypocrisy as he lately favored us with, in pretending that he cares one straw for the prevalence of drunkenness or crime amongst us. 