LAW AND POLICE COURTS. LOCAL COURT, ADELAIDE. Thursday, 6th January. FULL JURISDICTION (CRIMINAL.). The Court was again kept waiting till nearly 11 o'clock, neither Mr. John Morphett nor Mr. Grainger being in at tendance. It was feared that no Bench would be formed, but at length Inspector Stuart agreed to forego for a time his other duties, and Captain Bagot, who had come to attend the Land Sale, consented to omit doing so for the ac- commodation of the public. [Before H. R. Wigley, Esq., Special Magistrate; Captain Bagot, and Inspector Stuart.] John Maloney, James Callaghan, Jeremiah Callaghan, and Michael Sheedy were charged with creating a riot on the night of the 30th December, and with assaulting Catherine Duffy. For the prosecution, the Crown Solicitor and Mr. Walker; for the prisoner Maloney, Mr. Bagot; and for the other prisoners, Mr. Parker. This case occupied half the day, the witnesses being very numerous. It appeared from the evidence of the prosecutrix that she had been out on the evening in question, and returned at a late hour, accompanied by some friends, to her house in Solomon-street, a neighbourhood of rather doubtful character. Shortly afterwards, the Callaghans, who lived next door, made a sudden rush into the house, accompanied by the other prisoners, two more men, and several women (the mother -in-law of James Callaghan and her daughters). James Callaghan threw a large stone at her head, which inflicted a severe wound Jeremiah Callaghan seized a chair, broke it in pieces, and began demolishing the pic tures and other furniture. She and her friends wero se - verely beaten, and most of the furniture was broken. After that a gun was fired at some of them as they were retreating by the back door. Other witnesses confirmed her statement; but the pri- soner Maloney was not positively sworn to. Dr. Mayo stated that the wound in her head extended to the pericranium, but left the bone uninjured, he gave an excellent character to Maloney, who came out with him six months ago. It was proved that the prisoners, after leaving Catherine Duffy's house, proceeded to break most of the windows in the street. They were afterwards apprehended by the police. The Crown-Solicitor, in addressing the Court, said that, had he looked through the depositions, he should probably have taken the case before the Supreme Court, as it was a much more serious one than he had imagined. Referring to the line of cross-examination pursued by Mr. Parker, he remarked that the mere fact of persons keeping houses of bad character did not justify-any one in breaking their win- dows or injuring their persons. Mr. Bagot urged that there was no case against Maloney, who was not sworn to, and whose previous character was shown to have been excellent. Mr. Parker, on the part of the two Callaghans, admitted the assault, for which they desired to express their contri- tion. He alleged however that they had received great pro- vocation, and that they did not intend to have inflicted any serious injury upon the prosecutrix. With respect to Sheedy, he intimated that he should be able to prove an alibi. He called Ellen Welsh, mother-in-law of Jeremiah Callaghan, who stated that Sheedy was sick on the night in question; that he came to her house at 7 o'clock, and did not leave till he was taken by the police the next morning. By the Crown-Solicitor—Five men rushed out of her house into that of the complainant. The Callaghans were two, and her three daughters were the others. (Laughter.) The Crown-Solicitor—We can easily see you come from Ireland. (Continued laughter.) Witness continued—There were five men besides her daughters. One of them was the prisoner Maloney. The Crown-Solicitor—Thank you, Madam. I am really very much obliged to my friend for calling you. (Much laughter.) Witness continued—They had been drinking a bottle over the transfer of a land- grant to Maloney, and he had been there all the afternoon. Mr. Bagot—It was not I who called this witness. The Crown-Solicitor—No; I imagine not. (Continued laughter.) Several witnesses spoke to the character of Jeremiah Callaghan. James Chambers, mail proprietor, deposed that Maloney had been in his employ ever since he came to the colony, and was a quiet peaceable man. The Court found all the prisoners guilty, and sentenced them to pay the following fines, and to. remain in Gaol till they were paid Jeremiah Callaghan, £20; James Callag han, £15; Maloney, £10; Sheedy, £10. The Callaghans paid their fines immediately. Capt. Bagot then left, and his place was taken by Mr. Giles, who had come to the Court immediately on hearing from a special messenger that the Magistrates whose duty it was to attend had absented themselves. Mr. Commis sioner Tolmer relieved Inspector Stuart. [Before Messrs. Wigley, Giles, and Tolmer.] Henry Lewis was charged with assaulting his wife, Lettice Lewis. Mr. Smith appeared for the prosecution and Mr. Parker for the defence. The prosecutrix swore that her husband had turned her out of his house about 13 weeks ago, and meeting her on the race-course on the 27th instant, struck her without the slightest cause. The defendant admitted the blow, but recounted various instances of misconduct and provocation which he thought amounted to a justification. Mr. Wigley said that in such cases there were usually faults on both sides; but differences between married per sons ought to be settled in private, not made the subject of public brawls. The Court fined the defendant £1 1s., and costs. Susan Akins was charged with an assault upon Thomas McCaul, the infant son of John McCaul of Kensington. Mr. Parker appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Walker or the defence. Thomas Taylor, surgeon, Kensington, deposed that he was called in to attend the child about the middle of No vember, and found him in articulo mortis, suffering from cachexia, or general bad habit of body. He died shortly afterwards. Had attended him about a fortnight before for the same disease and he then got well. It was most pro bably brought on by dentition, but it might possibly have been by a blow. Nothing was said about a postmortem examination, and there was no inquest held. By Mr. Walker—Did not see the child between the time he got well and the time he was called in just before his death. Mr. Parker said it was clear he could not carry the case any further, as the child was shown to have got well after the assault. Information dismissed. Anthony Batters was charged with an assault on James Williamson, on the 7th December. Mr. Parker appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Smith for the defence. The complainant, a butcher in the employ of Mr. Marrables, Rundle-street, deposed that on the day in question he and the defendant were engaged in killing bullocks at the Slaughter-house, when a few words arose about a knife of his which Batters wanted to look at. The latter after- wards charged him with having accused him of robbing Mr. Craig, their late employer. He denied it; upon which Batters struck at him with such force as to make him stagger backwards. Mr. Goode, the Inspector of the Slaughter-house, and some other witnesses, positively contradicted this statement, saying that the complainant was intoxicated, and very troublesome to Batters, who merely pushed him aside to prevent his hindering him in his work. Information dismissed, and the complainant ordered to pay all costs. Catherine Duffy was charged with an assault on Jane Welsh on the 31st December. Mr. Walker appeared for the defendant. The complainant, a very respectable-looking young girl, daughter of Mrs. Welsh, whose name appears in the first, case, deposed that on the day after the disturbance at the defendant's house, she (the defendant) pushed open her door and struck her in the face in the most unprovoked manner with a parcel she was carrying in her hand. In cross-examination by Mr. Walker, she positively swore that she had not used any bad language to the de fendant, that she had not spit in her face, and that she had not threatened her with violence if she persisted in ap- pearing against her brotherin-law, Jeremiah Callaghan. Mary Welsh, the complainant's sister, confirmed all she had stated. Mr. Walker called Ann Kennedy and Police-Constable Duffy, both of whom declared that they had heard the com- plainant use the disgusting and violent language she had just denied, and seen her spit in the defendant's face. Duffy mentioned that he was in no way related to the defendant, and that he did not interfere, as he was in plain clothes at the time, seeking for the gnn which had been discharged the evening before by the rioters, and did not therefore wish, if he could avoid it, to engage himself in any fresh disturbance. Information dismissed. James Pridgett, of Elizabeth-street, Mary Ann Pridgett, his wife, and Biddy Pridgett were charged with three as saults upon Elizabeth Stepney on the 27th, 28th, and 29th: December. Mr. Walker appeared for the complainant, and Mr. Mends for the female defendants. James Pridgett was not in attendance, not having re ceived the summons. The complainant stated that she was married to a man of colour and had three children. As she was removing from her house on the 27th ultimo, Mrs. Mary Ann Pridgett re marked that it was in a very dirty state. Replied to her that if she had three children like hers, she would not be quite so clean as she was. Mrs. Pridgett replied that if she had such a child as hers (a mulatto) she would cut her throat. Feeling incensed at this, she made some reference to Mrs. Pridgett's former way of life, which threw her into a rage, and induced her to empty some slops over her, and then to strike her on the head with the vessel in which they had been contained. On the following evening, Mrs. Prid= gett, assisted by her sister-in-law, Mrs. Biddy Pridgett, beat her and deluged her again, and on the 29th, they made a grand attack upon her, having the further aid of Mr. James Pridgett, who beat her and kicked her without mercy. Several witnesses were examined, but the statement of the prosecutrix was not materially shaken. The language sworn to as having been used by all the parties was more disgraceful and shameless than we even remember to have heard elicited in a court of justice. The defendants were fined £1 each and costs. ERRATUM.—In the Pastoral Address of the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, in the first line of the last paragraph but four, for " derogate from," read " derogate not from." Ordination.—At the ordination held by the Lord Bishop of the Diocese at Trinity Church, on Sunday morning, Mr. T. B. Titherington was admitted to Deacon's orders. A most impressive sermon was delivered on the occasion by the Rev. W. J. Woodcock, from Acts xx. 28— " Take heed therefore unto yourselves, and to all the flock, over which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the Church of God, which he hath purchased with his own blood." In the evening the Rev. Mr. Titherington preached at Trinity Church, from Gal. vi. 14—" God forbid that I should glory, save in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom the world is crucified unto me, and I unto the world." THE RACE BALL—The Ball on Wednesday evening was distinguished by the presence of His Excel- lency and Lady Young, and enlivened by a numerous assemblage of which it was impossible not to feel proud, especially in a community so young as ours. The Exchange Hall was fitted up for the occasion with as much taste and skill as it was possible to put in requisition at a short notice. The orchestra was small, but efficient, and the tout ensemble afforded a most agreeable tableau vivant. Dinner to Mr. Thomas Martin.—A number of friends and old colonists gave a dinner to Mr. Thomas Martin on Wednesday, at Schimdt's Hotel, previous to that gentleman's departure for Europe by the Chusan. Mr. Martin's high respectability and the character of his colonial career fully deserved the compliment which was thus paid him. THE ROBBERIES AT DR. MAYO’S AND MR KING- ston's.—George Williams was brought before Mr. Wigley on Monday, upon the double charge of robbery on the previous Friday and Saturday, as detailed in the following evidence. Dr. Mayo identified two plated candlesticks as having been stolen from his house on Friday, and added that he saw the prisoner in his garden on Saturday, morning stealing apples. Mrs. Young, a widow, living in Hawdon street with her son-in- law and daughter, stated that the prisoner, who had formerly been her next neighbour, called upon her on Friday, and, after telling her that his wife had again run away with another man, offered her the candlesticks for 5s., saying he had lately bought them at MacCabe's for 10s. She offered him 3s., which he at first refused, but afterwards consented to take. Before paying him she asked him whether his wife had any claim upon the candlesticks, observing that it would be of no use for her to buy them if she were to be enquiring for them afterwards. He assured her his wife had no claim on them whatever. She remembered his standing at his door and selling off his things in the same way when his wife ran off with somebody before. The prisoner being asked if he had any statement to make, and cautioned in the usual manner, said, "She bought the candlesticks of me for 3s." Mr. Kingston was then ex- amined. He identified as his property a dressing-case, containing £30 worth of jewellery, a looking-glass, a toilet cover, and several other articles, which he last saw in his bedroom on Friday. His servant, Mary Ann Ratcliffe, de- posed that she saw the toilet-cover and some other things scattered about the garden on Saturday, and, going to her master's room, observed that the dressing-case, &c.;, were gone. She went to the police, and on her return saw the prisoner coming out at the garden gate, with a handle in his hand, containing the box, glass, etc. Asked him what he had there? He replied, "Nothing." Said to Lim| " You have stolen those things from my master's bedroom." He assured her she must be mistaken, and the policeman coming up immediately took him into custody. Police Sergeant Miller confirmed the latter part of her statement, and added that the prisoner, on his way to the station-house, offered him half-a-crown, and afterwards all the silver he had with him, if he would let him go. When searched, he had 5s. 6d. and three peaches in his pockets. The prisoner declared he called at Mr. Kingston's to ask for assistance, and found the bundle lying just outside the gate. He con fessed that he offered the policeman half-a-crown, but al- leged that he would not take less than £1, which was more than he could give him. His Worship committed him for trial at the Supreme Court on both charges. Committals.—On Monday, John Rigby, charged with a burglary in Rosina-street, was brought up on remand, and committed for trial at the Supreme Court. Extraordinary Charge.—On Wednesday at the Police Court, George Filbey, servant in the employ of the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, appeared to answer the charge of having stolen the sum of £20 from Frederick Rackham, servant to the Very Rev. the Dean of Adelaide. The com- plainant entirely failed in his endeavour to substantiate the charge, and the case was dismissed. His Worship said, he had no doubt of the complainant's having lost the money, but there was no evidence whatever to show that the de- fendant knew anything of the abstraction. THE RACES.—On Thursday the stewards paid over the stakes to the owners of the winning horses, and all accounts for the Grand Stand and other matters con nected with the race-course; the total amount being £870 16s. We. are happy to find that no loss, as was ex- pected, fell upon the stewards; the subscriptions, entries, and the amount handed over by Government (£100 for the Queen's Cap) having fully covered and left a balance in hand. The number of tickets sold for the Grand Stand was as follows:—First day, single, 57—double 34; second day, single, 52—double, 10; so that from this source, after pay ing the caterer, only £27 was derived as profit towards the cost of erection (£142). Among sporting news of the day we may mention that Mr. Alexander Campbell told the stewards he had sold his winning horse, Master Dick, to Dr. Cotter, of Gawler Town, for £200; that upwards of £100 was said to have been already collected for the Gawler races; and that a steeple chase for £100 a-side, oyer four miles of country, was made up, and the money staked with the stewards, between two horses, to he named, with time and place, by Messrs. Malcolm, of the Black Bull, and Hall, of the Cumberland Arms. It was arranged yesterday that the match is to come off within three weeks, under the regulations of the Jockey Club. Mr. Malcolm has named Black Boy, and Mr. Hall Sam Steele. The ground will be announced on the day of the match, it being agreed that there are to be ten leaps. THE TRAP IN ANGAS STREET.—In the open part of the town, near the south-eastern corner, there is an old beaten track, which has been used for years as a carriage way by persons going towards Glen Osmond. This passes across some undefined streets, and of course over several unformed footways, the position of which cannot be dis covered without a careful survey. Near this spot Mr. Inspeotor Reading has frequently posted himself during the last few weeks, and many citizens of the highest respecta- bility have been informed against and fined for unconscious breaches of the law. The Police Magistrate, after several convictions a few days ago, told the Inspector there really ought to be some mark set up, or fence put across, so that people might know which way to go; but nothing of the kind appears to have been done, and informations are still laid with the utmost perseverance. On Tuesday Messrs. Wm. Sandford, George Elder, William Elder, Francis Faulding, David Macgeorge, Arch. Jaffrey, Arthur Hardy, and about a dozen other respectable persons were fined 5s„ each. The Magistrate remarked that if the fines went to the Corporation he would not infiict another till some suffi- cient notice were put up to warn, trespassers. Meanwhile we would recommend those who have business on the Eastern-road to go round by one of the inhabited streets, into East or South- terrace, and thus sacrifice a quarter of an hour for the sake of pecuniary safety. It may be pre- sumed, however, that the Corporation will prevent the recurrence of such vexatious charges by acting on His Worship's suggestion. THE “ADELAIDE’S” CARGO.—The value of the cargo of this vessel, which has just left our shores for England, is said to be nothing short of £200,000, being the most valuable taken on board here by any sailing vessel. 