BRITAIN'S BEST MEANS OP DEFENCE. \\_From the Daily AWs.] TVc have spent the winter and sprinsin debating and squabbling about our militia. Summer is coming, and we may have a militia worth all others without consent of Parliament—without any need of asking " with bated breath" ! how Louis Napoleon will like it. A | nation with stout, limbs, broad chests, a merry heart, and a cheerful accordant | will, is tbe best militia that ever was or can be. Summer is coming; and before ' it is gone, we may, if we choose, l sec whether the brawny limbs and merry hearts of Old England cannot be restored. Let us make our muster on cricket-grounds. Let us have wrestling matches for our exercises. Let us have foot races and leaping matebos as our preparation for marches. Let us set up our targets, and see how nicely we can pick out the bull's eye. Let our swimmers seek out the strongest streams, and show how valiantly they can charge tbe enemy, and cast him off from their broad breast. Hen must have sports. What arc they now ?—and what might tlioy now be ? It sickens tbe hearts of old fashioned people to sec what they are now. We see mind in one place, and body in another. Look for mind, and you see wizen-faced men crowded into hot room?, thick with tobaccosmolce and bitter with beer, wrangling with cracked voices about the charter and truck, and blaspheming the bishops, and contradicting each other without end, about the rights of man. You see the pale-faced mechanic trailing home from a feeble walk in sorry fields, as if tired with the weight of his own baby on bis arm. You see lads swilling bad porter in penny theatres, leering at indecent melodramas. At best you see men who Lave been standing still all day, yawning over books in readingrooms, trying to study, hut finding a heavy mist between their minds and the dizzying page. If you look for body, you see country lads " duundcring" through the lanes, with their hands in their pockets, and lead in their heels, and a pipe ;u their mouths. If thej sec the' clergyman or a lady coming, they hide tbeir pipes, and pretend to looking oyer the hedge. You will see tho rustic, who cannot endure his home, cowering under the river's bank, crouching and hiding while he flings his line, and carrying his poached fish home iu his hat, in fear of the great man's steward, nnd with the feelings of a thief m hie uneasy heart. The best you will see; will be the very little boys setting up their wand in the meadow, and jumping and tumbling. This is something like—this is education. Their limbs thrill, their blood quickens, their minds are uiore truly awake than, perhaps, they may ever be again. This is education, eanitary reform, and training for defence, all in one. Let us only extend it to men, aud we shall have done more both for national defence and populareducatkm than Parliament alone can do by many night? —by whole sessions of lamplight controversy. For both objects the thing to be desired is to bring mind and body into constat!taneous action. Tbe muscular force and nervous energy of the people are always with us, like our island wall of cliffs and our eternal rivers. They cannot be abrogated, like -putrescent laws, nor fall into desuetude, like wornout customs. They are permanent as hoary Hclvcllyu cud old Thames. So are the sports'of the oldest days (provided they are thoroughly sportive, and in uo way cruel) as fit for Englishmen as when Ifarefoot sped after the game, and Hobiu Hood lent a bond at a bout of quarter-staff. If the iufirin Louis Napoleon, attended by his collected armies, flushed with brandy, and jingling their bribes in their pockcls were lo appear suddenly on one of our commons, before the assembled crickctcrs of England, in the midst of a mighty game, we would almost back the crickclcrs, with their bats, aud in their shirt slecvcE, against the bristling French machine— ) the bare body, with ahcart iu its breast j and a healthy brain, against the steel- ; clad body, without a heart, and a tipsy J brain. We arc told that our poachcrs . would make a clever soldiery Let us j turn them into cricketers, and they will j | be more than a clever—they will be a heartsoine soldiery. Not in a day. : ' There are soaie things thnf must happen | first. It may be that a vegetarian army may be as good as a beef-ciiting one; but it is as well not to let our national defence rest upon that supposition. Free trade is giving men bread onongh to cat. It will go on, we may hops, to give them daily meat; thousands of i-lio pallid must drop iuto their graves before we can show ruddy-faced troops on any fields —of battle or of sport. But we can begin— this very summer—this very month—to strengthen the national limbs, and cheer the national heart, by all going iuto the open air together, and making ourselves merry there. It is mournful to hear our young men talk—more so than even to see them walk. How our young lawyers, and merchants, and manufacturers go shuffling along ill the streets, and corefill ly climb a style, instead of clearing it at a bound. These are they who stare when the old folks, remembering the spirit of half a century ago, und forgetting its woes, wish that the French would bully us a little, that the young men might awake to the honour and blessing of living in old England. If the French won't bully us, let us challenge one another—Yorkshire against Lancashire. Let our holiday folks make their tour this sunnncr to Cornwall or Cumberlaud, and inquire out the wrestlers there. Let them mark the coal heweis of Durham and Norlhumbcrl nd, aud inquire of themselves whether there need be any thing local iu such breadth and sinew as I hey cee. Let them throw open a grant playground between tho tiro and see whether men will not like sportbotter than tricks —fresh air better than gin—and roars of laughter better than shouts of wrath. It would be an Exhibition excelling that of last year, this calling upon a whole nation to enjoy themselves, summer after summer, in that mighty Crystal Palace which is given us, ready lighted by the sun and moon. It is opening the noblest of hospitals, with the airs of heaven for oir medical stuff. Ve are much mistaken if it would not turn out to be a blessed mission to the heathen—those most wretched heathens, whose ghosts walk in our daily paths, while their real selves dwell in some far off purgatory, where hope is left behind. It is education, as we have said. 3t is political safety; for there is nothing like the breeze of hilarity for blowing away the vapours of discontent. Men do, and ever will, think and speak of poiitics; they do, because they ought 1 aud must; the difference ia botweeu doing so in a mal-coutcnt, and a thoroughly loyal spirit, which is the j difference between health and sickness between a half-life and full vitality. 