THE REFORM CENSUS. The following article is contributed to the Weekly Dispatch, September 11 th, by thowell known Correspondent, "Caustic" " When Mr. Fitzroy moved for the population returns, classing the numbers by the districts of representation, it is quite clear that he, or rather those to whom lie is subordinate, intended these papers should serve to draw the public mind in thc direction of the reform which tho Ministry is willing to afford. It has already been shown in thc Dispatch that the main attempt of thc Government and its organs is to institute a comparison between town and country districts, and to prove how very scurvily the agricultural interest is treated in comparison with the commercial and manu- facturing ones. Now, I have not the slightest intention of going into minute calculations-I have no idea of renewing those startling comparisons which, in the hands of poor Alexander Mackay, made so telling an effect three or four years ago. But, without repeating the proof of how insignificant a body of the lowest political character sends a majority to the Commons' House, the same result will be arrived at of showing that this miserable electoral minority must bc deposed from its usurped be satisfied without this ; the only question is as to an honest re-apportionment. Lord Brougham has been declaring very lately in the House of Peers against any large measure of reform. He epigram matically tells ns that 1853 is not 1830. In sooth there is not a little egotism in this. It is about as much as to say, "Do you think that I, Harry Brougham, helping to rc-tlistributc the representative power two or three and twenty years ago, left so wretched a settlement, that in less ' than a generation as great a task should ftdl upon my successors ?" Yet it is even so, and nothing but offended vanity should quarrel with the result. We should all be anxious to declare that if the reform of 1830 had not been won, after its two years' struggle, we should have had no ground on which to fight the battle of 1853. Thc public opinion lins grown by the meat it lins fed upon. Thc introduction of some portion of justice has created thc demand for more, the fitness to enjoy it, and, I must ndd, the power peacefully to compel it. The real part of thc machinery has worked so well, has so entirely shamed the factitious portion, that we see the necessity as well as the value of accomplishing much more in thc same wny. A real good is never in so happy a light as when it has under- gone prool ; ami, looking to what has been done in these islands since 1830, and what would certainly not have buen accomplished but for the reform in which Lord Brougham bore so distinguished a part, we arc absolutely bidden to go on. That wc have, in half-a-dozen perilous chances, escaped a revolution by the freedom then given to the masses, by the relations established between thc organs of power and the millions whose allegiance must support it in any strait, is as clear a fact as any one written in the history of the world, even to thc comprehension ot thc leust reflective. But indeed, if wo j are to have no reference at all to numbe represented, to .the wealth which nlmc invariably follows in the train,,of numbei to tlie amount of good voters, which ma on an average, and with 'a due attention other circumstances, be presumed exist in each thousand of the populatio why have we been tempted- with it, return at all ? The Government h thrown out this challenge in figures : tl people cannot bc slow to accept it. is in some way intended as an argument:! becomes us to insist that it is used in tl right way. And while folks-are talleh against any exact equalisation, ai accurate apportionment of electors ar elected, there is certainly, to any mind the slightest degree mathematical, som tiling so tantalizing in the array of figure before us, and its present political result that it is quite impossible . men should m strive, and that most lustily, to bring d visors, dividends, and quotients into betti harmony with the materials that are ofiere to them, There is something immense! suggestive in this Government statemen and, as one may purchase it at Hansard in Great-turnstile, for 2&d.;,I needscarcel recommend every body who lias a interest in the re-arrangement of politic power to buy it, and amuse himself wit the curious, and, as I think, most histruc ti ve calculations to which (it. tvill giv ' rise. ' * .\ '. . . J "' "The paper relates to Great "Britain'on] j Tile distinction is wise. . Irish representa tion must bc settled mainly upon its ow peculiar' grounds. After all the ende'a vours to rake up a constituency for th sister island, the miserable paucity of th numbers, the poverty of the' interest which the voters represent, arc spectacle which it is well to hide from ourselves til the restoration, or perhaps one should sa; the creation, of Irish prosperity, has liai time to be brought about. The county ó Cork, and ono or two- other real com munities, may have a right to a large share in the national congress. Grantmi this, it is our duty to take thc means c giving the redress from other Irish consti tuencies, ludicrously below all the right and means of fitly returning members As yet the two islands are in so ver; different stages of political advnnccmen that,- as it appears to me, it would h serving no interest of Ireland itself t< throw a greater weight into its seal merely to subserve local passions and in dividual interests. The argument for no giving votes to numbers that cannot reckoi as their own masters, and therefore can not bc counted ns adding to the real repre sentation, is stronger with regard to Irelan« than to any other portion of the empire May the period bc very brief ere all thi is changed ! I write in no spirit of bigotry or exclusion, with no provincial selfishness Let Ireland show that it has thc material: at hand, or growing up, which can fnirh contribute more to our popular self- govern" ment, and I am willing to begin my rougl calculations over again, and to rejoice it thc occasion for thc task. - These caleula tions would not, even then, be at al shaken in their principle. " It appears that what are called exclu- sively, bitt wrongly, the town consti- tuencies of England and Wales, have om member for each 22,052 inhabitants ; thai the counties, or the parts of them no: included in boroughs (other unrepresented towns of course being included in this category), return one member for ead 05,383; that all England and Wale.« return one member for each 36,141. Ii appears that in Scotland oinc membei is returned for each 54,504. Thc differences between rural and towr constituencies arc there so small ir the gross, as to thc proportions ol electors and elected, that I need not en- cumber your columns with them. Scotland has not that civil wnr to distract her. Hoi claim, if any, is against England, and il she is allowed her full numerical propor- tion, it will make very little difference tc the ratio in the Southern part of the island, since that arrangement will give throughout Great Britain one member fbi each 37,910. If ever Ireland is brought into exact computation by population, Scotland will have much less to take, because then thc proportion throughout Great Britian must be raised by some two or three thousand voters to each member. These figures will be quite enough its bases for my present endeavour,' which is to show how thc commercial and manu- facturing parts of thc community arc treated in comparison with the landed interest. If wc want thc due share of influence to be secured for thc towns, the power must be lodged in the hands of the j great independent cities. They are the very last that, in any calculation in which interests arc to bc balanced, can be deprived of their share. Every loss which they lose in the Commons is a loss of two, it is very likely indeed to he thrown into the opposite scale. When we look at the paltry little boroughs, tho mere appanages of aristocratic fumines, it is pure impudence to reckon them against us ns towns, or their members ns parts of thc same body and interest ns tho civic, commercial, manufacturing, town-bred, town-experi- enced, intelligent, oducnted communities of London, Munchester. Liverpool, Glasgow, Birmingham, Bristol, Edinburgh, Aber- deen. The real town representation in thc Commons is ridiculously small.. Take Middlesex as th»* first example, which is now, in every political regard, in information, discussion, supply of journals and intelligence, all town. It has 1,886,570 inhabitants, lt lins 14 mem- bers. According to thc English scale as it stands, Middlesex ought to have 52 members, according to the scnlu I have laid down 1 ir Great Britain nt large, full 50 members. I cannot herc even nllow for the '283,256 who are enumerated as belonging to the parts not represented in the boroughs, because every part of Mid- dlesex, to within some fifty thousand, ought to bc: represented as boroughs; witness especially thc unenfranchised dis- tricts of Cheine», Kensington, Hammer- smith, mid Fulham, »villi 130,1?37 people in a ring fence. Give us these 50, we will say 50, instead of 14 to begin with. Then go to Lancashire,' Lancashire, like Middlesex, is almost ul I town, represented or unrepresented, lt lins now 20 mem- bers for 2,031,236. It ought to have on thc English t?cule, 55, on thc British scale, about 52 ; just double. But take the rural population at a fifth fa large allowance); and we should leave the town populatior of it with, say 40 members, tc omit fractions, instead of 22, now returned by the avowedly town parts. Go ther to Bristol, which is entitled, on the full British scale, much, more nearly to 4 members thari to 3; to Wolverhampton entitled to 3, instead of 2. Go.to Lam- beth, entitled to C, instead of 2 ; tc Southwark, entitled to <t, instead of 2 ; to Birmingham, entitled to'6, instead of 2. It is clear that I might have dealt with the West Riding of Yorkshire in the lump, as with Lancashire ; but let us give rather than take an advantage. Bradford has a right to 3, within a very fraction. Leeds would do more than compensate Bradford's deficiency by taking only 4| instead * of its present 2. Sheffield is more than entitled to 3, instead of .2. Go to Scotland. .Edinburgh is entitled to 'í, : according to the full scale, instead of 2. Glasgow to 8, instead of its 2. Now, let us just sum up these great instances, and the very largest towns, thc real centres of industry and thought, have a righteous claim, in any re-adjustment, to 79,more members. Let us insist upon this before we hear, of any re-distribution in favour of the territorial interests. There are littje corrupt beggarly placcS liy thc score," the ghosts of pretences to political authority. They have been miscalled towns. .No reformer wishes to defend tlietn, no townsman j . no.; true citizen, will'own any relation to them. Strike out these shams, and add their usurped power to the communities in whose abused name they have claimed it. Then, if thc Ministry is disposed to sacrifice yet more, to cancel every charter that has not 20,000 people to live under it, so heit; ami divide the. righteous spoil fairly ; there is plenty of it. Look at Bucks, with ll representatives to 163,723; it has 7 members to spare. Cumberland "ha's .! too many. Devon. at least 8 ; Dorset, if we behave liberally to it, 10. Shropshire, 6 ; Hampshire, 7 ; Sussex, 8 ; Wilts, 12. I have culled but a few obvious examples. M.y object in this letter is to prevent the acceptance of a fraud in the name bf rendering strict justice. My endeavour,- without raising up town against country, is, when the interests are really set in antagonism by those who desire to serve thc country, or rather the oligarchy; at the expense of the town communities, to insist that these latter really have the advan- tages set down to their account that the election of so many burgesses is really in the hands of those wno arc burgesses themselves, and the prime burgesses of the land. There is no doubt about the process of election in the counties. There is no question whatever that the 159 county members for England and Wales are, bating perhaps the odd 9, re- turned by thc rural voters, at their own will, or under landlord compulsion. That part of thc representation works as it is intended to work, as a territorial phalanx. Let it remain so, only freeing the subser- vient voters from the individual tyrannies ; but do not mock the men of accounts, of calculation, by charging, them with tile Abingdons, the Buckinghams, the Wy combes, the Marlows, the Launcestons, the Liskeards, such places ns Ashburton, Dartmouth, Honiton, Totness, Harwich, Maldon, Tewkesbury, Andover, Lyming- ton, Leomister, Thetford, Ludlow, Wells, Reigate, Arundel, Evesham-I pause for lack . of space, not of examples-I say, do not try the useless and shameless trick to offer to men of business these hollow disgraces, or any thing like them as any part of the town representation of England. You cannot make them, so by any carving or dovetailing. They . have nothing in common with our great trading enterprise. Alter the " proportions between town and country to any possible degree of fairness, but first settle what is town, and let that which knows ami feels itself to bc so claim and possess its own share of the power, not allow it to be held in fulse trust by shams that sell it to any adversary for their own private profit." 