DISTRICT OF WEST TORRENS.— RE- . SIGNATION OP MR. HARE. .Thursday evening at the Forest Inn, Bay road, being the time and place fixed at the former meeting to receive Mr. Hare's proffered resignation and ex planations, there was a much larger attendance than wssorauiea on me previous meeting, which took place the afternoon of a Saturday. In addition to the re sident electors there was in attendance several gentle men from town, who hold property in West Torreus, and are qualified electors. There was also a consi derable number of persons present for the purpose of witnessing a proceeding in wl.ich considerable amuse ment was expected, as it had been reported for »omo days that a few of Mr. Uare's adbeVutits were re solved to meet with at least equal acrimony the accusations of his accusers, who were principally, if not entirely, men who had actively exerted them selves to secure his return. Shortly after 6 o'clock Mr. Hare arrived and proceeded at once to the Urea room, where he was immediately followed by tie assemblage. J After a pause — Mr. Hare said— Gentlemen, you are evidently aware of the object of this meeting ; but aa the chairman who presided on a former occasion u not present, may I suggest the propriety of your nomi nating a person to aot as chairman. Mr. Head moved, and Mr. Good seconded, that Mr. Cooler do take the chair. Mr. Cooter begged to decline, and confessed his unfitness, but af er some delay and much solicita tion, he was induced to act. He opened the special business of the evening by reading the advertisement, which embodied Mr. Hare's statement of his inteu-4 tion to the electors of West Torruns in the following words : — ' To resign my trust into your hands, to afford you any explanation in my p )wor, and to give you the opportunity of blaming me if you will for my uast conduct aa your representative.' Mr. Hare had anticipated from the Chairman some introductory observations — (Oh ! oh !)— but they had not beeu f.ivoured with any such remarks, as to the object of the meetiug and the most expedient method of carrying it out He thought the duty of the Chairman was to lay down some general rules for the guidance of the meeting. (Oh ! oh 1) He ww not in a position to dictate to the meeting, but he thought the order of business should bo for such as were disposed to ask him questions ; or perhaps it WJuld be better for him to give a general outline of the statements he made and #10 principles ho avowed when he solicited their suffrages; then they could, by comparing his words with his deeds, his professions as a candidate with his conduct as a representative, arrive at a fair conclu sion as to how he had performed his promises, and deserved their confidence. If the meeting had other views, of course he must bow to it and follow any course it determined on. (After a pause) — Aa he heard no dissent from the plan he proposed, he would proceed in.accordanco with it, unless interrupted by the Chairman. In the fiuJt place, he would call at tention to the fact that he had, as a candidate, sub mitted a general plan of action, aucb. as he thought should guide an efficient popular representative. (Hear, hear.) He had spoken strongly and perti nently on tne necessity for a great educational scheme. He dwelt ou the importance of opening up the navigation of the Murray. He insisted on the people's right to vote by ballot— (hear, hear, and groans) — and the still more obvious right to universal suffrage. (Oh, ob ! and disapprobation.) He spoke of the duty of Government to open op the country by a judicious and liberal expenditure of money, bor rowed in the best, and cheapest market in the world. He dwelt on the advantages that must result from opening up great trunk-lines of communication throughout thu province. He argued that agriculture was more important and essential to the advance ment of the colony than sheep- farming, inasmuch aa each acre so employed was worth at least £3 per an num, while 3s. was the highest estimate that could be made of the value of land employed for pastoral purposes. Still, he admitted that Hheep- farming must precede cultivation ; the squatter must be the pioneer in the grand march of colonial progress; then follows the farmer ; and, in order to facilitate thu work of civilization, ample means of communication must be supplied betwem the rich and productive lands of the interior and the Port He spoke aUo . of the importance and value of a plan whereby the mineral lands might be made available to persons of limited meant1. He could not at that moment call to mind any other important measure that he insisted on, except tUe great —perhaps the greatest of ,all— that of freeing religion from the trammels of State interference, andplaciug it upon the same free foundation it waa built on by its Divine introducer to the world. He now asked the meeting to contrast his conduct with the professions he had recapitulated, and say had he not carried out as far as possible every principle he laid down, and redeemed to the best of his ability every promise he made as a candidate ? (' No, no,' ?? Yes, yea,' and confusion.) He observed a goutlemau shaking hjl head — he presumed iu the negative. (Laughter.) He saw another gentleman laugh, but tlut gentleman (Mr. D. Fisher) was not an elector of West Torrens, and bad no rignt to ? (Uoars of laughter.) Mr. D. Fisher protested he bad not said or doue anything to merit such a personal attack, aud mos( appeal to the Chairman to keep Mr. Hare in. order, A voice— Oh ! he thinks he's ainqugot Jus couriQtl. (L lighter aud confusion,) Mr. Hare proceeded to compare his conduct with his professions — In the matter of education, the Go verumeut brought iu a Bill shortly after the election which embraced every principle he believed essential — every regulation he thought important H,e fc|i great regret that he had not framed th.at IJijl, but h,q had, however, prepared a Bill to the beat of his ability, wheu one fine morning a policeman came to him with a note from the Governor— (or the Government— the reporter did not catch the word distinctly) ? saying, as your measure has not been tabled, and the session is drawing to a close, the accompanying Bill is similar in iig pii.iciples to those you have avowed in your public statement* — will you support it? He was proud to nay he did support that mea sure. He was also proud to have it in his power to say that, through its operation, there would not be a man in the next generation who could not read bis Bible, and who would not love his neighbour as him self. A Voice—' Nonsense !» (Roars of laughter.) He admitted that he did not know how to carry oat his views with regard to the mineral leases, bat ia conjunction with the hon. member for the Burn, ot without him (he forgot at the moment), he (Mr. Hare) submitted certain principles embodied in reso lutions to the House. The Government, however, took the matter up, and did far better with it ; for while they carried out the principle intact, they more judiciously adapted the details. In consequence ol that measure, when a man discovers unsold mineral land, he has only, in the Spanish phrase, to denoaooe it to the Government, to obtain a lea«e of it at 10s. per acre. Just, however, as people were about to develop their discoveries of copper, &c.;, the gold fields were found, and their attractions were so great as toset aside not only all other mining operations, but almost every other industrial pursuit. His expe rience in the United States convinced him of the wisdom of a young country borrowing the eupor flaous capital of au older state, for the purpose ol developing rich but latent sources of wealth. That was not like incurring a national debt in the old or ordinary Bense. In the one case the borrowed capital was expended— thrown away in warlike demonstration-Vand the debt ' remained a burden. But he recommended the investment of money bor* rowed on easy terms in reproductive works, whioh would every year increase in value to posterity. Supposing a railway to be constructed by borrowed money, why, the enhanced value of the land through which it would pass would more than equal the out lay, while every year, its value, as a means of jn^n, course, would increase. He was one, perhaps the only one of the qanc}i(Jates, who advocated thq opening of the Murray. His scheme, indeed, waa different, and perhaps more expensive, than that wh,i-^ h*4 been since so successfully carried out, He promiiBd a railway to the Thirtv-..-'-- ' : , . ^^ „.- s—-J t \ - ?'c aectl0n». and then uteam ..-..gamin from that point up the river and its tri butaries. That would* require a far greater e,ntl» than the present system. ?at Jt* return! would be U hw opinion, more immediate, certain, and permanent toS-uS °f tf ltUd °a that ^tensiveS worid be avaOable, while the price of carriage now, equal to 2b. 6d. per bushel for wheat, would-be at th.Tte of $i. per bushel, as It was a few years ago which rest. Althoqgh his so^arae was not adopted, ho rejoiced, nevertheless, that the Murmy navigation was. a fact accomplished, a work in everyday opera tion. He rejoiced to think that the Governor was a man who could carry out a statesman-like project ia tlje face of opposition ; and it was a source of great gratification to him (Mr. Hare) to find the Governor op one occasion using language that looked almost a quotation from one of hia (Mr. Hare's) speeches. (Shouts of laughter, during which Mr. Hare said, ?' Laugh, gentlemen ; it is my object to amuse you if I ca.i.' When order was restored he continued.) He took more than ordinary interest in the settlement of ' the grant in aid ef religion ' quei- . tion, and had assisted, he hoped, to lay the ghost effectually. He earnestly hoped that there would be no future attempt to fix that obnDxious system 00 thU wtonv, and that wligfoa wiU rtmaifl u tt pr* ? 1 ?eht a matter between man .and his Maker, not in terf ired in by the political Government of the country. He had thus, he thought, given a sufficient outline of his services in Council to enable the electors to Bay, had he, as a representative, acted up to the principles he enunciate,! when a candidate? He felt certain that some persons present would refer particularly to the new Constitution Act, and he would reserve what he had to say on that subject until his reply to those persons. Mr. Reynolds called the Chairman's attention to the fact that the first and principal objVct of the meeting had been passed over by Mr. Mare. He raid his object in calling them together wa3 to re sign, but he had not resigned. ( Hear, hear.) Mr. Hare — Oh dear me ! Well, I have great plea sure in doing so now. (Turning to the Chairman, he said emphatically) Sir, from this moment I am no longer member for West Torrens. I resign my seat; I restore the trust you placed in me. Mr. Reynolds— There is a certain courtesy due to Che electors, and although his words do not convey contempt, Mr. Hare's manner is contemptuous and unbecoming. Mr. Hare (rudely)— Well, Sir, I do treat you with contempt Mr. Reynolds— The insult sit9 lightly on me, for I h»Td not deserved it. I, however, feel a greater contempt for you, Mr. Hare, and you mint feel that, for you know you deserve it, as a traitor to your constituents. (Cheers.) 1 maintain I was quite cor rect in pointing out a deviation from the order of business, as set forth by Mr. Hare himself. Mr. Hare— Well, we have reversed it. Mr. Reynolds went on to say, that he had certain points upon which he should like to make a few re marks, but as be was not a supporter of Mr. Hare he would wait to see if any such would touch upon them. Mr. Goode was happy to see such a large meeting ; he was also happy to hear the resignation of thei ? late member, who had just vacated a post that ho only obtained by sailing under false colours. Mr. Hare called on the Chairman to^protect him from such insults. Mr. Goode requested Mr. Hare to be calm and suppress, if possible, his exciteability. Ho had, at great length, given himself a good character, and should have the decency to allow an elector to ex press an opinion on his conduct. He repeated, that Mr. Hare obtained his seat under false colours. The lately hon. gentleman, if such a persou could be bo called ? Mr. Hare — Ob, call me dishonourable if you please. Ha! ha I Mr. Goode — Calm yourself, Mr. Hare. I assure the meeting that I made considerable exertion and lost a good deal of time to secure the return of that ? person, and have now to declare that the pledges given by him wero not redeemed. (Hoar, hear.) Mr. Goode went on to refer to an election meeting of Mr. Hare's appointment, where he nogiected to attend by arrangement, but where he was accidentally present, and state J that he bad greater inducements co con test the election for Mount Barker than West Tor rens. He was requested to leave the, room, and after the meetiug deliberated was called in and t -ld he might proceed to Mount Barker as soon as he pleased, lu fact, the electors supported Mr. Hare, not because they liked him well, but that they liked the other candidates still less. (Laughter.) The only time he acted to their satisfaction was at the Southern Cross, where he said be would surrender in favour of Mr. Fisher, but expressed his opinion that that 'gentlemen would have no chance, owing to the side he took with regard to State aid to religion. It was that which induced them to support him, and every day since they saw cause to regret it. Not a single act of his in the House was consistent with his promises. He always dwelt on the evil of a consti tuency sending in a man to help the Government. (Mr. Hare— 'That's false.') Well trace his whole career; it was one of uudissembled toadyism from first to last. His whole object seemed to be to earn an appointment, and a very suitable one he got at last ; much good may it do him. (Roan of Laughter.) What was the pledge he gave to the turn. Mr. Bagot with regard to the nominee question ? How did he vote on that subject, and did he not grossly violate his pledge? Let Mr. Hare answer that without evasion. He threw himself into the arms of Govern ment ; he supported noininoeisin, as hu would have supported anything else to serve his purpose. Ho earned and obtained a place, and the contempt of the people he betrayed, as well as of those who rewarded his treason. (Hear, hear, and cheers.) But let jus tice be done to the appointment. His Excellency's choice, no matter what it originated in, was most judi cious, for were they to search through all tiie southern States of America they could not find a more efficient slave-driver. (Hoars of laughter, cheers, and hisses.) One poor fellow in custody recently, whose name id Reuben Lewis, was complained ol to Mr. Hare, who Bent for him to his office, locked tke door, took off his coat, and said, ' Now, Sir, if you don't apologise, I shall kill you or you shall kill me.' There was prison discipline for them. (Laughter.) He (Mr. Goode) was nearly as many years in the colony as Mr. Hare, but he was content to remain an honest hard- working man. He had no ambition to solicit the suffrages or betray the confidence of the people, but he would scorn to descend to the level of a man like the prisoner he referred to, and offer to fight him with closed doors. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Sergeant said he was not in the least deceived by the course pursued by Mr. Hare ; at the same time he saw no good in disturbing the peace aud quiet of the district at present by a fresh election. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Reynolds said as Mr. Hare had challenged the meeting to prove that he had not kopt his piedges, he (Mr. Reynolds) thought he could point out several cases in which he had not only not re deemed bis pledges, but actually voted in opposition to them. (Hea , hear.) Mr. Hare set out with parading certain principles enunciated by him while a candidate, and afterwards attempted to show that his conduct was consistent with those declarations. Among other matters, he said he was from the first the friend of universal suffrage; he did not, how ever, touch on that subject when recounting his votes, and the omission was at least judicious, for he voted against it. (Hear, hear.) When Mr. King ston brought in his motion to confer the frauchise on persons who had resided twelve months in a district, Mr. . Hare opposed it. (Mr. Hare — ' Yes, and would do so again.'— Groans) Again, he gave prominence to the question of the ballot in his open ing recapitulation of what he had said to the electors, but with admirable discretion he avoided all reference to that point when detailing what he actually did in the House. (Hear, hear.) And why? Because, gentlemen, in defiance of his pledge, aud in violation of his professed principles, be voted against the ballot (Groans.) There was another point referred to in the first part of Mr. Hare's speech, which re mained unnoticed in the second part, probably beeause he felt he could not on that subject either come off with flying colours ; and so, like other incon venient questions, he burked it. He said he would not hare nomineeism at any price, (dear.) Well, gentlemen, he has consented to nomineeism ; and at what price? (Laughter, cheers, and confusion.) At a meeting at Thebarcon ho said they must con sent to a nominated Upper House to gain the control of the land fund and other advantages offered by the Bill. He said if nomineeism was not agreed to, the Government would withdraw the Bill. From his intimacy with members of the Government, particu larly the Advocate- General, it is probable Mr. Hare was well acquainted with their intentions. But he did more than that, he read the despatches to the meeting, put the Government construction on them, and so lent himself to the official deception, and misled his constituents. (Hear, hear, and cheers.) During the discussions on the Bill, Mr. Hare went over, heart and soul, to the Government. The few Instances of opposition got up were too transparent to impose on any one. In the face of his pledge, 'and in total disregard of his professions, when Mr. Dflttbn introduced his motion for an elective tapper House! Mr. If are voted for ' nomineeism. m-»»i. Wi. ftnrl -m-ans.) When it was thought the Uar for Eiant ***' *W ^mJ^Q'T jien for voting in opposition to the wishes u. ..' w' ituqents. Mr. Hare said a m:fnber should not be bound to vote as his constituents wished; he should be allowed to sat according to the dictates of his Situred judgment. (A laugh.) Would they have elected Mr. Hare on suoh an understanding f- (No, no) But. gentlemen, since Mr. Hare came into contact with official reasoners, he invariably voted according to their views, or, as he perhaps would prefer expressing it, in accordance wita nis more matured judgment. (Laughter.) Then, again, this Popular oandidate-this advocate of universal suf KL and vote by ballot, expressed a fear that the peSple were not fit to exercise the degree of liberty conferred by the new Constitution (Groans.) Again he talked of the advantages of good roads ; yet one of «- completely enamoured. (Laughter) Mr. Hare ?LTinfeed, to some extent, opposed the cmllist; hut' that most monstrous feature^he compensation for risk? was carried by the Government officers mte ?«3-«wL mark you! carried with the assistance ™f Mr- Hare. (Groins, and 'That's untrue' from Mr. Hare.) Mr. Hare.— I assure you it was not; therefore, don't rud your head against a post (A laugh.) I endeavoured to reduce the amount to two yeare' salary, and at every stage opposed the amount of four years' salary. Mr. Bray — But you supported the principle. Mr. Hare —I did. May I ask if you are an elector of West Torrens ? Mr. Bray — I am indeed, and almost regret the fact, as I voted for you. (daughter, and cheers.) Mr. Reynolds— Well, then, our late member would give compensation equal to three years' salary for the mere risk ! Why. no honest representative could cons-'nt to such a disposition of the, people's monev. (Cheers.) Ho had no hesitation in saying that was one of the grossest cases of misconduct of which Mr. Hare w.is guilty. (Hear, hear.) Then Mr. Hare wa3 opposed to the people's having an opportunity to express an opinion on the new Parliament Bill. He opposed an adjournment for two months; and he opposed a dissolution of the Council ; in fact, he op posed everything that the people desired or the Go vernment dreaded. (Cheers.) With regard to the proposed dissolution, that the people might express, through an election, their sentiments as to the con stitution of the Upper House, he (Mr. Reynolds) met Mr. Hare on the day the motion was to be decided, and asked him if he would vote for a dissolution of Council ? He said ' Most decidedly.' The meeting might judge how astounded he was to find by the papers next day that he voted with the Government against the motion. (Groans.) Then, again, as well became a popular mem ber, and a friend of the people's safeguard— the neswpapers, he not only supported but seconded the motion of that would-be despot, the Registrar General, in his abortive attempt to gag the press. (Hear, hear.) They next had him obliging the Government by seconding Mr. Fisher's motion, urging the Secretary of State to push forward the abominable Parliament Act and Civil Li3t Bill, with out regard t6 the measures adopted by the other colonies. Now, gentlemen (said Mr. Reynolds), I think I have shown a few instances where Mr. Hare violated his pledges and abandoned his principles. (Cheers.) He clearly and unmistakably turned round on the questions of universal suffrage and vote by ballot, and he most unworthily assisted to vote a large amount of the people's money into the pockets of men who may never lose their situations. He certainly endeavoured .to reduce the gratuities of some of the officers, but he moved for a large increase to the Governor's - salary, and for those services he was made a Railway Undertaker and Superintendent of Convicts. (Hear, hear, cheers and hisses.) A Mr. Head got up and read a passage from a report in the Observer of the meeting at the Norfolk Arms, on the subject of the Nominee Upper House, and proceeded to make some remarks on it. He, how ever, so completely misundei stood the bense of the passage that he only excited a burst of laughter, in which Mr. Hare, whom he wished to support, heartily joined. Mr. McCarron said there was scarcely any one present who felt more hurt at Mr. Hare's conduct than he did. Mr. McCarron went on to remark on the exertions he made to secure the return of Mr. Hare, but was nearly inaudible from the cries of '* Lie down, turncoat,' and the confusion that pre vailed white he attempted to address the meeting. Mr. Gurr felt considerable surprise to find that Mr. Hare's former supporters were his fiercest opponents. He could scarcely think their motives were pure, because he was satisfied that an animosity was ex pressed by Messrs. Goode and McCarron against him before the Council met, and consequently before his parliamentary eareercould have offended them. (Hear, near.) He had heard that Mr Goode expressed as strong opinions against Mr. Hare before he took his seat in Council as had fallen from him (Mr. Goole) that evening. It was clear, therefore, that something more than Mr. Hare's conduct as a representative infl jenced this opposition. What it was he (Mr. Gurr) could not say, but he had heard that there was a small matter of £15 between them. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) Mr. McCarron expressed regret also at having bo successfully exerted himseif to procure the return of Mr. Hare. Now he (Mr. Gurr) was neither the eulogist nor the apologistof Mr. Hare ; he never supported him ; but could say that Mr. McCarron was the pledged supporter of Mr. Davis. (ilear, hear.) His house was the head-quarters of that gentleman's committee, and by far the largest fl i? they had was displayed by means of a hole which he allowed to be made in the roof of his house. (Hear, hear.) Furthermore, he (Mr. Gurr) took a great number of votes on the polling day, aud meeting Mr. McCarron— whom he did not recollect seeing vote — asked him if he had voted ; he sail, ' Yes; for Davis.' Mr. Davis was informed of that fact, and actually shook hands with Mr McCarron !ts a supporter ; when, in the evening, that person took one of their horses, galloped to town, and, at the central polling-place, voted for Mr. Hare. (Groans.) Now, he would ask the meeting, would they consent to be led to any expression of opinion by 'such a man? (Mo, no.) He (Mr. Gurr) did not come to that meeting to speak for Mr. Hare, for he had always regarded him as a man past finding out — (a laugh) — but he declared himself an advo cate of popular principles, and some of the measures of the Council which he at least assisted t» pass were undoubtedly of a beneficial tendency. He was unwilling to forget his services in the matters of mi neral leases and the Bullion Bill. The colony was immediately and extensively benefite I by the latter, ind many a poor man may be greatly benefited here after by the former measure. (Hear, hear.) He therefore proposed a vote of thanks-to Mr. Hare for his services as their representative. Mr. Head seconded. Mr. Goode, before that question is put, would call attention to a serious matter. Mr. A. H. Davis had asserted, at a public meeting, that Mr. Hare oflVed to sell the distncC of West Torrens. He (Mr. Good«) questioned Mr. Hare on the subject in that room, out could not elicit an answer, and the question had not been answered yet (Contusion.) '' Mr. Hare liked specific charges, fir they admitted of specific answers. He denied that such a ques tion, or anything approaching to it, had ever been put to him. Mr. Goode had put the question in that room, and sitting at that table. The public prints had recorded it Mr. Hare cared not for any record. (A laugh.) Mr. Goode had opposed him to the best of his ibility, but it was like pouring water on a duck's back: the process might tire the hand but could not lrown the duck. It reminded him of a circumstance he once saw in Baltimore. A nigger was pouring water on a duck; he said, 'Potnpey, what are you iin to ?' ' Oh. Massa.' savs he. ' I'm going to drown this duck' ? An Elector — This is miserable stuff. We did aot come here to hear nonsense about ducks and niggers. (Cheers.) Mr. Hare — Well, what was the secret of all that pungent abuse from Mr. Goode? They might recol lect that Mr. Gwynne introduced during that ses sion, and just at its c'ose, a Bill concocted solely for thi benefit of the publicans, to the detriment of the community. Among other liberal provisions it sought to restrict the sale of ginger-beer and othi r unintoxicating drinks to that trade only. He cer tainly thought if there had been time, a judi cious amendment of the law might have bejn effected, but there was not time to do so, and it was best for the public interest to thro .v out the Bill, and ha did throw it out Mr. Goode was, with other publicans, in the gallery, and he heard him ' snigger,' to use an Americmism, and say, ' The Member for West Torrens is as bad as the rest, but we'll give it to him.' He would leavs Mr. Goode at that, and ad Iress himself to Mr. Reynolds's re marks, as more worthy of notice. He had long re spected that gentleman, and trusted that nothing in political life would occur to mar the kindly feelings that had existed between them for years. He had to thank Mr. Reynolds at the last election, for that although supporting his opponent, he did so. \n all courtesy, and in every wav becoming a gentleman. (Hoar, hear.) They might continue to differ without any ill-feeling, he trusted, being generated between thorn. Mr. Reynolds was an ardent radical, and had i he(\fr. Ssr«) be*n out of the House, he might have ; been influenced by the same feelings. Persons who were not in Council, and not mixed up in the dis cussions, could not feel ajl th.a diQfculties tfat beget certain leading questions or the causes that com pelled members to take particular courses. (A voice — Nonsense I Laughter.) He could not help think ing the remarks made on the Thebarton me. ting unfair. He attended there at great personal incon venience, being greatly indisposed at the time. He proved then that he was opposed to nqrnineeism ; jut what was the language of the Government? ?' Either ' the Bill or nothing.' (A voice— The Government led you astray.) He could not help that; he might be the simple party, b.ut not th.e misleading party. If he understood- the feeling at Thebarton, it was that they submitted to nomineeism ior the sake of the great and admitted benefits con ferred by the. BilL (' No, no,' ' Yes, yes,'' and confusion.) Mr. Gurr believed that he, with some eight or nine persons, opposed nomineeism, but those, in favour of it carried it. Mr. Hare— The majority were In favour of the Bill, aud now is it fair or manly to attempt to throw the blame on me ? Mr. Beynoldf— Mr. Bare could not b»ro been mis led by the declarations of the Government, as he now attempts to show, for he read the despatches himself there, and argued from them precisely like the G- vern-nent officers ; thus leading or misleading the meeting, which naturally attached credit to the views of its own member. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Hare did so. He rejoiced that he was the iuthor of the compromise which limited the existence of the nominee principle to nine years; that was supported by Mr. Waterhousa, a staunch radical, by Mr. Fisher, and others. He again asked what man liness there was in thus attacking him ? A Voice— The fact i3, you are the first of the lot who has come before his constituents. Mr. I [are hoped the turn, members would, each in Siis turn, get a similar dose. He was not ' a laggard in love or a dastard in war.' When convinced of the correctness of a course, ho pursued it regardless -f consequences. With regard to what fell from his friend Mr. Reynolds — he really must call him bis Friend — (a laugh) — that gentleman accused him of burking universal suffrage ana vote by ballot. That was wrong; he supported vote by ballot — (hear, iear) — until he found the Government so dead igainst it. (Laughter.) He considered the balance )f advantages lay in securing the Bill ; and with all its advantages he still considered he would have been \ madman to have refused it. He considered that with no property qualification for either representa tive or elector, they had virtually universal suffrage. [No, no.) Mr. Reynolds — But we might have had all the v I vantages given by the Bill with an elective Upper House. (Cheers.) Mr. Hare — It was all very well to say so after the 3ession. Mr. Reynolds — But you read the despatches. Mr. Hare — I'm not obliged vo read them with your eyes ; they may indeed be brighter and clearer than mine, as you are no doubt a cleverer and greater man. (A voice — ' Nonsense !' Roars of laughter.) In England a great proportion of the people only earned enough to purchase food, and they had no means of acquiring a property qualification ; there fore all liberal politicians sought universal sutfrage as the only means of enfranchising the masses. Here any man with health, aud strength can earn the qua lification in a few weeks. Mr. Reynolds, with the permission of the meeting, read 'Mr. Kingston's motion, which Mr. Hare op posed. Mr. Hare— Under what circumstances was that mo ti-m opposed? The Government met us with conces sions, and we consented to go the rest of the way to the Government, and, as honourable men, we were then bound to do so. The provisions of the Bill secure practically universal suffrage. In England great importance is attached to vote by ballot, and properly so, for there the foreman of a factory might discharge hundreds of hands if they did noc vote for orange or blue as desired by the employer. Could they coerce the labourer here in that manner ? A Voice— Yes, three years ago. Mr. L. Egan — We do not want vote by ballot here. Mr. Haro would certainly support Mr. Reynolds if he started forone of the city districts next election. Mr. Reyaolds — Thank you, but I do not intend to put up for that honour. (Laughter.) Mr. Hare — Were he iu the House he would find that he must alter his course to meet circumstances occasionally, and that to reduce hi3 most cherished plans to practice, he must in some degree modify them; and his constituents, if reasonable men, would be satisfied with him, if he did M the best his circumstances allowed.' Mr. Reynolds had referred to his conduct as influenced by Government before he had received his appointment. He had insinuated — as a man may, without asserting anything insinuate away a woman's reputation — but he (Mr. Hare) now challenged him to prove his insinuation. That insi nuation was made at a meettng which was presided over by the hon. member for the Bun1*. Now, he and Mr. Kingston had been personal enemies for many years ; but he never allowed that to influence the conduct of the member for West Torrens. (Hear, hear.) Ha supported every motion introduced by Mr. Kingston, if satisfied that it was for the public benefit to do so ; yet Mr. Kingston black-balled him whenever he could. It was said he had obtained a lucrative appointment; but he asked, where was there a more determined opponent of Government than he had been ? (Screams of laughter.) He led the crusade about the Police. (A voice — '? Nonsense !' Laughter.) Hj heat Government three times in one dav. He onnased the increase to the new G ivernor's salary. He opposed the tour years' com pensation, for that appeared to him excessive ; so he opposed it tooth and nail. Would that have been his course if there had been an understanding between him and the Government ? It was said that, because he supported the nominee Upper House, he was made an Undertaker of tue Railway ; but it was the House, and not the Govern ment, which conferred tliat office ou him, and it was not in the power of the Government to turn him out of it. Supposing bis conduct as a member of Council was really important to the Government, was it reasonable to think that he would have bargained for the hardest-worked and worst-paid office in its gift? Would ho not have secured some well-paid sinecure, like that of Clerk to the Executive Council ? (A voice—' You did the best under the circumstances.' — Laughter.; He had heard that it was in some degree owing to Mr. Dutton that he was appointed to the head of the Convict Department, and the previous day he wrote a note to that gentleman on the subject. In the answer Mr. Dutton admitted that at the last Speaker's dinner he said to the Colonial tfecre tary ' That he knew no person in the colony so fit for the office as Mr. Hare.' (Hear, hear.) Every year since he had been in the House he had called attention to the mismanagement of the convicts ; he had ur-*ed upon the Government that instead of being a burden on the public, the establishment should pay its own expenses. He also maintained that it should be so conducted as to have a reforming operation as well as a coercive effect ; that besides punishing it should improve, and thus ba a benefit aud a blessing to the uufortuuates subjected to its control. (Hear, hear.) It was natural for the Government to gay — 'Sir, you have distinguished yourself in pointing out mismanagement in that establishment, will you undertake its management and ameliora tion?' What was his answer? 'The salary is too small.' But then to that it was replied, ' You never mentioned that before,' and that was conclu sive ; aa a public man lie felt ha was bound to take it. If he could effect any good, he would rejoice ; if he failed, he would resign. Mr. Goode referred to a parson named Reuben Lewis. He felt a delicacy in touching on that subject, for it might injure the man ? Here several persons said that was not a matter connected with the representation of West Torrens, and consequently the meetiug had nothing*' to do with it. Mr. Hare was willing to explain, but bowed to the sense of those around him. He was also charged with seeking to destroy the elective principle in the Central Road Board. He did so because he thought the principle of divided responsibility vicious, and he admitted the same vicious principle obtained in the Railway Board, of which be was a member. There was no proper liability ; if they acted wrongly or foolishly they could not be turned out. He thought the Executive should have power to dismiss such officers if they acted improperly or were inefficient. Every person present must know that he had and could have no possible enmity to the gentlemen com posing the Central Board. He did not succeed in that motion ; no man could be successful always ; he could not conyince every person.. He hoped his friend was satisfied. Mr. Reynolds did not come there to argue, but to hear Mr. Hare's explanations. Mr. Hare — Mr. Reynolds also said — — Mr. Reynolds (after a pause) — That you would not vote for an adjournment or dissolution of the pre sent Council although ' a three veara* man.' Will hat help you ? (Laughter.) Mr. dare was opposed to the policy that would nake a member vote according to the dictates of his lonstitua.its, when opposed to his matured julgmant ; ind there was iu that no deviation from what he ex jressed three years ago. Hid he time to search trough the papers, he could prove be said the same jefore h,e w.'as elected. Mr. Goode— No ; you promised to resign if you jould not vote as your constituents wished. Mr. Hare— What I said was, that before an indi vidual became your member he should give a full, explicit, and exact account of his, political principles. If after dqi.ig that you elected him, you should allow him to carry out his principles for the term of his representation. Ho should not be called on to swerve from his principles— he would not consent to suoh a thing ; it would be reducing, a member to. the posi tion of delegate, and they could hire a bullockdriver at thirty shillings a week for that. Mr. Goodd — ? that was your position, nevertheless.. Mr. Hare was as well satisfied with his course as when he invitod them, to look with microscopic care at his professions. Ho gave the fullest explantion he could of his principles, and he d.*4 h.i& hes.t to act up to th,etn. He asked M. r. Reynolds, woo,ld he act aa a delegate } Th.at was. democracy, which he hated, although b.e Wed radicalism* ( *? laugh.) Suppose his judgment wrong, which he did not admit— a man could not be always right— did thev expect their re pre*entotive tobe»oretb»omaa? Mr, Gurr bad said he could not make him out He could not, unless he ploughed with his (Mr. Hare'3) heifer. He should be impressed with the same convictions, met with the same arguments, and surrounded by the same circumtances, and then he would understand him. As a member of Council, he felt like a Juror, so lemnly bound to hear all the evidence, and decide to the best of his judgment He did so, after giving each question his deep, serious, anxious — nay more, prayerful consideration. Whatever they might feel, he wa9 satisfied that lie had done his duty by them. (Cheers and groans.) A persou asked Mr. Hare to explain his conduct with regard to the Small Debts Act. Mr. Hare referred to the great want of employ ment that was felt three years a^-- ; the amount of s:nall debts contracted by working men, who, on the reports from the gold-fiel.U, were disposed to go away without making any arrangement to pay the shopkeepers. As a just protection to the shopkeepers he supported that Act (Cheers). Mr. Gurr wished to make an addition to his mo tion, which was, that in addition to the vote of thanks, Mr. Hare be requested to continue to repre sent the District until the. next election. Mr. Head seconded the amended resolution. Mr. Reynolds acted without any personal feeling to Mr. Hare, who, having resigned, could not, with out re-election, represent the District. It was for the me -ting to say, if it pleased, whether the expla nations given were satisfactory or otherwise. Mr. Hare — It had been said out of doors that it was small of him to take office. He supposed the amount of salary suggested the remark. There were, however, higher and holier motives than money considerations, and it. was his privilege to say that such motives influenced him in taking office. He undertook its duties with a solemn feeli.ig of its re sponsibility — (here his voice faltered) — and if he suc ceeded in reclaiming one wanderer — (here he sobbed) — if he could restore one erring individual to society, he would be rewarded. (Sere the speaker's utter ance became almost inaudible with emotion, but strange to say, his pathos produced a risible effect on the audience, aud a roar of laughter, long and loud, pervaded the room. Even the speaker caught the cachinatory infection, and when order was in some degree restored, and his voice could be heard, he was, with a 'broad griu,' proceeding in this fashion :) — It was admitted on all hands that he was a slashing debater, but some persons denied him administrative ability. (A voice — ' Nansense.' Roars of laughter.) Mr. Byng moved that Mr. Hare's resignation be accepted without any expression of opinion. Mr. Goode seconded. The Chairman requested non-electors to retire to the farther end of the room, and the electors to range themselves on difi\ rent sides of the table, as they were disposed to support the motion or the amendment. There now ensued a scene that ' beggars all de-~ scription ' Recriminations were bandied across the table ; persons who were not electors were detected standing with the voters. Among those who were called on, and had to confess they were not qualified to vote, was Mr. Town Councillor Egan. When the uproar was apparently at the highest, it received a stimulus from Mr. Hare's mounting on a form and signifying his wish to hear by requisition from the electors, whether they desired him to resign or continue to represent them. Voleys of groans suc ceeded, and it was evident there could be no vote taken. Mr. Gurr begged to withdraw his amended mo tion ; and upon that Mr. Reynolds moved that Mr. Cooter should leave the chair, and that the thanks of the meeting were due to him for endeavouring to keep order. The motion was carried by acclamation, and the meeting dissolved. The partisans on either side having screamed themselves hoarse, descended to the bar, where they compensated with copious stimulating draughts their great expenditure of breath upstairs. 