LAUINCESTON EXAMINER, a~71hursday, December 28, 1864. PREssUnnE of advertisements again compels us to omit leading and other matter. VAN DIEMEN'S LAND CONOREOA. TIONAL UNION. \-- [From the "Colonial Timm."] : Thervices in connection with the Union, as peevlously announced, conmmenced on Tuesday ,evening at Collins-street Chapel. when a devo tional meetinR took place, presided over by the Rev. W. Waterfeld. Suitable hymns were sung ..and prayers offered during the evening, and short addresses delivered by the Rev. .1. il. Strong man,of New Town, on ' Tb' legltimate aims of christian ossociation ;" nnd the ltev. C. Price, or Launeeslon, on " l'iety an indispensable re quilito to tlhel.uecess or Independent churches." A public meeting was held on Wednesday oeennrg at Itrisbane-street Chapel, when lier. I'. Miller, Chairman of the Union, took the chair. Various ministers, deacons, and dele gates of the Congregational body wHre present, among them the ltorvs. C. 'priee,' W. Law, Nasbit, Clarkeb Waterfield, &c.;, &c..;" After singing and prayer, lTh Chairman said they were met in connec. lion with the Van Dliemen's Land Congrega. tional Union, and it devolved on him to bring under their notice a brief statement embracing the original constitution of the Vlb ion, and car. tain revised arrangacicntu 6nior. whlch thebypro posed to act, after wewhich they hoped to listen to addresses fronm their valued brethreo on import. an?t subjects. Mr. Miller tihen read from tihe minutc book ilie original constitueion at the formationl 'of itho,'Unison, wcleh'n took piace at Lauceston on 'tis Ith September,. 1837 and thec intimated that tho' revised arganisotint under which they now met had been agreed tot In which they hsd derived aid from an esaminai tion of the revised constitution of the Congre. gatlonal Union of England and Wales (18b2), anrd, more recently, of ther Congrgationoal Untion of South Australia, for information re specting which they were Itedbted to the larv. IMr, Stowe, on his visit toithis colony at the early partof the presoent. year .acti he took the apportunity of obserring theat South" ustietlia was first to adopt In these colonies the system of annal delegation. 'lhe Secretary (Rev. J. Nesblt) then renc the revised rules now In:operantiln' aftor which, '. r n . The Chairman eind simply to add that it might be interesting to tlie friends to mention that at the meeting of delegates, hold that after. noon, the officers nod executive committee had been elected. (lie read the list). Thie lier. i?r. Law,' ascendnleg the pulpit, then delivered an eocellent address on the New Testament doctrino of church suppart, dlrecting iis remarks chiefly to the consideration of thl sense in which it migit be termed voluntary. lhe term voluntary, he observed, is not anlleoge thler unoblectnnable, but its plain and simple meaning is, that whateover was done, was not done under immediate compclsion t as used by Ine llendenctsr hIowevor, It conveyed the idea of a cheerful wllllogness to aid lthe cause of Christ. Theonqulry was whether the great rounder of the churci lhaed l Itto the fostering earo of earthly kings, as a heltless orphan wibhout elaims, friends, or tights in an Inhospitable world, or had ha col ided its proper support and props. gtilon to the freewill offerings of those rwho were obedient to his elaims? One of the die. tinguisieing prrlciples of Independents was the sole headship of Jesus Christ to his church. He is not only the head of his churches, but the only head : and the Biblo is his statute book. No acts of council, decrees of synods, or assem blies of divines, could overrule its authority, nor any minuter of conference, except those of the one in Jerusicem by inspired men.. When the Itedeemer was upon earth he availed him. self of any opportunity; wherever'men were found willing to be taught, Jesus made known his Father's will. Thibs 'mode, followed by the apostles also' would entail ut little expeanse, and require no fixed place of aismbly.': He went on to show the circumstances under which the earlier christians were accustomed to assem ble together for worship, adducing numerous examples from scripture and the earlier history of the church to show the great simplicity that charocterised the attempts to 'propagate and establish the faith in those days. Taking up the question of the dilbrnco between the na ture of the kingdom of Jesus, in, but not of, this world, and the kingdoms that are properly of it, they were remarkably contrasted. The kingdom of Christ is essentially spiritual in its nature it is " not meat and drink, hut rlghte. ousness and peace and joy In the Holy Ghost." Earthly kingdoms relate to and govern the outer man ; the domain of Christ is the tlcer man-the soul. Earthly kingdomsare obtained by coqueslt, compact, or delegation ; their stale is outward and visible they admit of and require subordinate autlrelties, tried 'counsel ion; but the kingdom of Christ Is invisiblo it " comoth not with observation." He rules alone, and Inevery part of. his dominion. Earthly kingdoms are supported by the sword and the roar of ceanon, or the rattle of mug. ketry is their method of reaon and conviction oftentimes rapid and decisive in drawing an inference, or enforcing an argument.' out the weapons employed by Christ are not carnal. Love ris the great weapon; the sword of the graces Iis enemies he s tamsto lends. e does not destroy life, but saves it.r . His standard Is not stained 'by any blood save his own, nor wet with aney tres save those be weeps for lost' souls-is the emblem 'of peace and righteousness, and the gathering point of the nations. khe reproof of 'Peter is 'supported by many historical examples, to some.of whie?h touching allusions were made. It was therefore wrong to force men to contribute to its support. God hates ' robbery for n' burnt otfering." His word does not sanction distraints for chureh rates. If the beautiful parish church is fast hastening to decay, or its spire which has long pointed heavenwards is becoming giddy with its elevation, let those who worship in it subscribe willingly to its repair, but t never can be right to send men with swords and staves to commit a legal robbery for the good of souls, the glory of God, and the salvation of the pocket. Blt improvement was drawing nigh., Tho injustice of taxing men of aoil religions, and of none, for the support of some favored sects was becoming obvious. And even the most devoted adherents of the principle were growing alive to tle fact that it must be placed upon another footing. He would pass on to consider the great question of ministerial support. It would be uoneere sary to show that the ministry is a divine insti tution. It Is not. apriesthood, or trade, bat an office Instituted for a specfic purpose. The question then woe whether the ministry was or was not to derive its support from earthly king. daoms. Was it the duty of Cmsar to build-pa. laces for and pay-salaries to the ambassadars of another kingdom. he o argument from I Cot. is, 0--14, was dwelt. upon at. cousiderable length, end lucidly expounded, and the claim of the pastor to the comforts and convenlences be fitting his position vindicated.;. Upon whom were these claims urged? Certainly not upon the state. Adverting to the example shown by the apostle Paul, the speaker said that the only time in which he seems to have come In contact with the State of Corinth, wason the occasion of his appearance before Gallio.' Gallio was a man of shrewdness as well as carelessness. htl took cognizance of overt .ats, "wrong and wicked lewdness," but when they troubled him with disputes about their dogmas and doctrines, he wisely "drove them from eis judgment seat." If modern magistrates were to eact in the same way, it would relieve them from many questilons of " words and names," respecting baptismal regeneration and rights of convocatian, which materially obstruct them In the proper duties of their office,judgment in matters of ' wrong and wicked lewdness." Galllo 'was willing to pro tect the preacher so long as he did no " wrong nor wicked lewdness, ?but hewas as cnrelesu about his support as he was about the orthodox Interpretation of the Jewish law. It was then on the church at Corinth, the salnts In Christ Jesus, that the claims of the ministers were heard. Nor Is there throughout the whole of the New 'Testameot a single passage authorlslng or ollowingn thie unholy union of the bride of Christ with the kings and rulers of this world, or directing her ministers to the Chancellor of the Exchequer as a proper party to furnish bread to the sowere, or permitting them to ask the magistrate to settle matters of disputed doctrine. The advocates of the opposling sys. term, however, basealt on the principle of rop-. dlency. He would not undervalue the security afforded by their plan. It was doutless very espedlent or some lobe so provided for. Ho would. not rail sgoinst them on the principle that the gampes ore sour, for in these colxuses Ilndependents could become the recipients of -tale pay if their convictions of Its injustice and wont of accordance with the spirit and genius of christlanity were not so strong as to present an insuperable obstacle. i'he voluntary princ. pie, however, builds more chbpels, supports more miniuters, teaches more children, and sup. porta more philanthropie institutions, thon ths state can or will. r The obligation to support the ministry rests on a command ol Christ. If men disregard It, minister have no power to en force obedience by painls and penalties, norwould they iftheycould. Ilis otvoluntary lnathe sense that a christian may do It or not 0t his pleasure. Tiee command Is pastllve, the ordinance Is of perpetual obligation.' 'A christian minister has a right to a proper malntenance, such mainte naoce being regulated by the circumstances in which bc et pleced, and the people amoreg whom ee labours. Ite ought not to live ina hovel, nor should hie wish fer a palace. He ought not 1o wear a seedy coot, or be dependent upon casual charity for a new ones yet ought be not to expeetjowoilled 'robei or baronlal vestments. Ho ought not to feelo for the " purposes of purl. .ilcstion:t?andunearthlinesss," thlo pinehlngs qf penniless poverty, yet must ho not expect princely incomern. it this ago of steepancihre and railways, steamr-ships nd tlovgraphil hr ought nol to walk' on. root whet calleld to ox ereiso his ministryin remote places, yet must he not expect liveried attendants, nor ape tile grout man?; toi support theo; dignity of- the christian pastor. ( The speaker confildenlly urged that sn, superior plai to that delvised by Christ, aod acted. on by his immediate ucceessors, could be devised by man. Ho thion entered into an earltest appeal to ministers amid members of huarches.' and in coneiusioa'said'that nsa dno mialtionit IndependentsS have taken their stand upon last principles, and require no nsew plat form of doctrine or diselpllne, but mere faith itn their own principles, and seal il tile dis charge of nil and every duty was doubtless wanting. Let it be seen'that withi the prihnltve firms nof chitrch'goveornnent, nad 'e prlmiive. manner of church support, thiey have Ilkwlse the primitive spirit, so tihey are the true successors ef the apostles, let mniisters be over ready to preach the g?ospel, thie churches contribute at did hosem In ftcedonao, atid with1 tie blessing of God,.they would.yet offer a ransomed world at the foot of the cross as the result of Christian gratitude and love tol Hin whose right it is to eiTo 'reverend gentleman was listened to throughout the wholoof ihis discourse, an out. line of which alone we hove been able to 'give, with the deepest interest and attention. A por tion efa'hymn, selected by the chnirmaot of tih Union, having been sung, the Iter. George Clarke ascended the pulpit, addressed the meet ing on the Comparative Importance of Faith and Polity, as follows rt ry faith he meant a man's religious vriews, or- what -tie brelieved itn relation to God. t3 polity, the principles of church government wits which he ieeotified himself. - iis object was notl to show what religious views lie thought a christian man should hold, or what polity he should observe, but to insist on tlhe obligantio of making conscience of both. After glancirg at the kind of topics embraced utder tie hiead of religious faith, lie proposed to notice the import. anco of believing one thing aon such subjectsand not tire other premising that tlie necessary con diltion in matters of faith was, that the thing a mail believed should be true. In a great variety of ways, the true was postponed to coesl demratons of what was current, convenient, or prescribed. The spirit of Indifferentism was one of the saddest features of the times, which gave rise to anomalies on every hand. P'ope's maxim For creeds and males of faith let bhgola lfght, Ills canu't be wrong whosue Ito is In the rtht; seemed to be the prevalling sentiment of thie lay in regard to religious beliefs. A modern writer of merit says '* hesltate not to admit that like a small clump of violets under cover of the fox. glove, a wholesome truth underlies this absurd and miscehievous doctrine, namely, that right thinking divorced from right feeling irs religious matters is but little worth to mnu ; hut accept the maxim in its full breadth and what does it mean ? What but this, that creed is nothing, sincerity in receiving II, and conscientious con forimity of life to it is everything. -Thie ques tion of true and false In amas?s belief about God is nothing, so long -as false or true, he believes them with anil his heart.' 'ire reverend gentleman proceeded to notice the extension of this theory ir thie colo. nies, statesmen and christian bodies having introduced or countenanced the principle of endowing all religious opinions In these colo. nies. In shaping that part of their policy which touches man in his spiritual capacities, they looked with comparative indiflbrence on its prhobable eiect upon men'as views respecting God and Christianity. He wished them to remark that this marvellous catholicity in regard to opinion and failth was only in reference to spiritual things. , What a man might think of God and of His moral government had, in the view of many politicians,so little practical bear ing on his owe character and destiny that they were willing to provide out of public resources fo"r the teaching of ally and eery dectrine ; but what a man might think and believe touching the earth was, in their estimation, a by no means unimportant matter. T'ho rude peasant was allowed rlsm '? suppose tihat tLio meon Is ins orgreen cheese ; that Ch)ina in Africa, nand that the green rings, which he sees in the mea dews ure caused by the midnight dance of thire fairies. These childish and erroneous beliefs were freely referred to as dwarfing iis mental stature and impeding his moral developmelt. It would be curious to look into the face of tihe man who, in his seal for state bducation, might be bold enough to propose that tihe public bh rated to provide the teaching in some schools of such trash as this, whilst .it others a different and much higher kind of instruction might be given.: What then? Was error so serious in relation to the ordinary works of God and so in nocuous in reference to himself and the princi pies of his administration ? Why not pay indifferently the scientific professor and tie Ig norant dame for teaching what they believed? Why interpose by low to encourage the one, and if possible-put down the olther? - Was it not because theyr were convinced that correct views did something to improve the man, to widen his sphere of usefulness, to open up to him fuller sources of enjoyment? When chemistry, geoe graphy, mechanics, or astronomy, were in ques tlion, did any one it hissenses say, ' Never mind what a mas is taught or what he believes, sno long as he believes it wlthnil Ilrs heart?' No, no, that absurdity was never found except ln as. sociation with the things of the spiritual world ; he (Mr. Clarke) greatly suspected that it was chiefly because the claims' of divine truth were underrated and its practical influence on men supposed to be imaginary, that any could be met with who professed themselves willing to sup. pert by a public provision every kind of religi ous teaehing, ood, bad, indiflfereont, and contra dictory. This reason, to say nothing else, resented every attempt'to 'put divlie truth and the destinies of man into so inferior and degraded a position. 'After a variety of powerful ro. marks and arguments on the subject of religious beliefs (which our space will not permit us to record) the reverend gentleman passed on to the second part of the subject, the importance of polity, or in other words to answer thie ques taon " low fur it is material that I shrould identify myself with some princEipicles of churchi consiitution, and not witli others ?" i-lo fat it was ofconsequence that a man should make his adherence to any polity a matter of conscience Just as he should his acceptance of arty given re. Iiglous views? He would repeuthisobtject was not so much to state what he thought true prin ciples were, as to press on them to make con. science of matters of polity just as they would of matters offalth, What then, It might he asked, as in the other case, what should be the supreme consideratlion? He presumed it was thit, what were tie purposes forwhihch hurcheu were instituted; and what constitution was in harmony with those purposes? And here he would observe, there was as much occasion, and perhaps more, for pressing the importnnce on christian men to become members ofeChristian churches, as to press the supreme importance of matters of faith. T- here was, it must be ad mitted, great indifference as to the subject of christian polity. But it was easily accounted fort as It was often said "It matters nut to what church I belong, so long as I am right in my beliefs if all believe the same matters of faith, what matters whether lam an Eplscopa. iiant a'resbyterian, a liaptist, a hlethodist, or an ndependentl?" Now, it musl beedmitled his was just, in some respects, tihoughae unjust in others, it mighit be taken for greeted if only one's own sarvaton were alleted; but hadit nothing to do with the influence exerted on their fellow-men? Surely the clreumstasce that in various sections of the church they heard the same doctrine of faith, should not make them in different to denominational peculiarities but inquisitive respecting them I Yet they all knew with what facility some christians passed from one ecclesiastical system to another, with. out thought, perhaps'from mere caprice, or for the take of company, or from partiality to a particular minister. Anrother thing causing persons to undervalue christian polity was the supposed diliculty incoming to any convictions n the subject. In canswer to uil this he would enture to assert, what?l f he had time, he could prove; grented that the form of polity wills whichr a man has identified himself migrlt not seriously affect his eown soul,a slight ncqualint ane with church history would show thrut false principles of church polity'was one of the most potent causes of the corruption of christian doc trine. And secondly, that practical miseoneep lions respecting the true principle of church relations had done more to destroy, clvll and religious liberty than any other cause that could be named. That might be rendered more clear if they were to glance at the questions oli'ct tog church polity. let. W'ltat c6ristitLed i lte essential quaiifications for orgonisod church communIon? 'Thero were dif'ereoit answers to the question, buttthey maintained that the true scripture answer would resolve itself Into a question of charnater, of allogiance to Christ. Tre man whoso heart wais not chonged by the power of the Spirit, whro was living a life in oppositiotin to te principles of christianity, was notlftlto be o member of tile church of Christ. Thelroevre , no loubt, associated churches who wore careless' In these matters. If they would see what effect was produced on tile purity of the ?churel, let them bear In miln tirolt'when Constantino became the State Protector of the church, a large number were introduced among tire members of the church, relndering It no worldly and Impure that hardly nty ploin tokonslremtined of a line of dermoarcntio. 'Nlow; if they took any other test than charaeter, a mistake in this matter might open the door to Impurity of every kind in tire church of Christ. Uut it ias important in anothrer ,lew.' Tioy Ihad ieard tire question by tihe opponents of the vo lu0tary principloe, Is it right orn congregation to elect their own minister? lIhe questlon wis what was meant by a icongregotion? iftho chlurch wta composed of men wlho wore trite cristians they might eive the answer in the halrmative j but if men ofaill shades of charactar and beliefs were meant; thei they must give the oplroslteunswer. 'It'ey did not say tire congregations hid the right to elect the pstoer, bht they did soay that christians, men who owned allelanceo to Jesus Christ, and whose conduct was in iarmony with their professiln, sieould have a voice In tile ole' tion. 2ld. What was the relation of the tin later and cIurch oficers to tihe prirvate members of the church ? 'Did he derive hia oathority from the prilciple of apostolio succeesion, orffrom tioe who elecied him to tint church Pird, What was'the relation of christian churches to each ohelr? lind the churches a right to govoer thenselves, to managn their own conccrns, or were they obliged to follow the dictatesof other churches? 4th. What was the relation of the church to the civrll power? Support to the church institution hand led to thie most terrible persecu tions tle world had ever seen. It has been truly stated by a great historian trat tire wars an behalf of the cress of Christ had been more bloody than anny otheors that had ever occurred; tied if thoyexnmlne chburch Idistory they would come to thie corclusion that moro mischief hbd beoe done to hIuman liberties by the strife about roll. glees polity tiha strife respecting faith. tir. Clarke hem proposed to came to a satisfactory conelusrion of the question, by putting nn Ime glilary case; and he supposed that of tire wreck of the lounty and the location of the crew, &c;, ot Pitcairu's island, Suppose that Adams had with him nothlne(but a simple bible, end talt by tire operaton of the Spirit ofl God, his heart wasu chtnged and he became a chrlstian. Suppose thAa moved by the love of God, Adautnprwnched tiue truths of lo New 'esetarment to those who surrourded bril, and suppose those persons snould 'be converted toirte ftaiir of the gospel, they form themselves into a christinl aseocla tion, and appoint one of their number to be their presidedt or minister. They observe the ordinances of tire christion religion, the Lord's Supper and haptitism. Suppose that these islonds had be et undiscovered in tols momaent was it Adams' duty to preach the truth, or was he usirpiog the office of those who claimed to be the successors of th apostles? Was preaclring a monopoly of the minister? or wore the people wrong in acting an tihe principle of election, taking ono ' best suited to 'gude them in the _way of truth? It electing a minister, would Lis ministrotioi be valid? i'or if It was, and he had the right to he their minister, what becamo of apostolic succession? T'ake also, tihe case of baptism and the Lord's Supper ; would tihe church he right in meeting together to par take of the Lord's Supper, Ac.? if tley would, then bptism anod the Lord's Subpper could not be a moropoly of tie adnristrs of ti? church.; Arid so: they might go on. in conclusion heI urged oe them the moral neceseity of rooking It is much a matter of conscience In regard to tihe form of church governrment they espoused, as they did with regard to matters of faith. Ouic word more; although the question of mar's fuithr was all important, arid thatof politHy wa midndiGe t tbnt titi was net enough to have a creed, orlonasseot to n principle of church gon verourent ; but it was necessary that iu articles of faith, ard in principles of church politty, there should he harmony between them, .ian's belief, althoughi it might be right, when divested from eneling and sympathy for religion was vanle, and while they were atlious about this, let them not, on the other. band, fall Into the mls take that creed was a" matter of little Impart. T'i meeting was thei closed by singing and prayer. 