Local and Provincial News. THE THEATRES.—It will be seen by our advertising columns, that our theatrical going friends will not be so long kept out of their favorite amusements was foretold by discon- tented grumblers. Mr Torning is hard at work ; and having concluded certain necessary internal arrangements, more to his satisfaction than he ever anticipated, there is every probability of the season opening in a very few weeks. As his salaries commence on thc first of August, it is but reasonable to suppose that he has good grounds for expecting to employ artistes about that time. He has already made some excellent engagements for his company, and many of our old friends will show their familiar faces under the new management. Mr Wyatt's new building is progressing rapidly, and wc have been astonished at noticing how its extent developer itself as the proportions become visible. Of course it cannot be ready till some time after the re-arranging of the old house; but when completed it will be a noble dadition to Sydney architecture. We only trust that a due spirit of rivalry will meet with a due meed of reward. CITY COMMISSIONERS.—We are glad to learn that a good supply of blue metal is now daily arriving, and that there is a probability of George street being turned into a road instead of a fallow. There is only one class of our com- munity who will suffer from the improvement and they are the coachmakers ; for such are the bumps and jolts which one is now treated to, that the strongest vehicles are always requiring to be docked. May be, however, they'll be gainers after all ; for some folks who now walk may keep carriages, when they find they can ride in comfort instead of misery. PARKER THE SWORDSMAN.—His Ex- cellency patronizes the Assault d'Armes on Tuesday evening next, and Colonel Bloomfield has kindly allowed the attendance of the Band of the XIth. We trust, therefore, that a full room will honor Professor Parker ; and that the sight of his skill in martial weapons will so infuse our sober citizens with military ardour, as to induce them to retain him as Drill-master in ordinary. GOW'S DAGUERREAN GALLERY.—We call the attention of our readers to the advertise- ment in our columns of that clever artist, Mr Gow. He has lately been out of business, from the difficulty of finding suitable premises ; but has not idly passed his time, having taken some of the most beautiful views of portions of our city ever yet executed. A visit to his new rooms, 348, George- street, will repay any lovers of the fine arts. JUDGE AND JURY COURT.—This Court opens again to-night under promising auspices, and a local case of great interest will be brought before His Honor. Baron Nicholson himself has not arrived, but two new barristers have, and they are said to have both swallowed "two Johnsons and one Comic English Grammar." TESTIMONIAL TO MR JOSEPH WYATT. —On the evening of Friday the 30th ult., a majority of the late company of the Victoria Theatre assembled in the Green Room for the purpose of presenting Mr Wyatt, the late lessee, with an appropriate testimonial to the invariable liberality and kindness which they had received at his hands during their long connection. Amongst the company we observed Mr and Mrs Waller, Mr Tuthill, and Mr Rogers, who, on the eve of their departure for Melbourne, were anxious to participate in the gratifying cere- mony. Mr Griffiths, the late manager, was deputed to present the offering, which consisted of a massive silver cruet stand and salver of the value of fifty guineas, bearing a suitable inscrip- tion, and in so doing read the following address, which had been engrossed upon parchment, elegantly covered with velvet, and which he also presented to Mr Wyatt on the conclusion of the presentation :— "To Mr Wyatt. Sir, The members of yonr late Company, and other persons who have been employed by you, during your proprietorship of the Royal Vic- toria Theatre, are desirous of expressing the regret they feel at parting with a kind friend, and honorable-minded man, whose upright con- duct in all business transactions, and whose indulgent kindness, when such kindness was needed, has obtained for him thc grateful remem- brance of every person connected with the Establishment nnder his control. As a small tribute of our appreciation of yonr consideration as a man, and honesty as an employer, we beg your acceptance of this CRUET; STAND AND SALVER ; and trust you will consider that the want of real value in the offering is compensated by the mo- tions of gratitude, which suggested its Presenta- tion. On behalf of the Subscribers. (Signed) J. Gordon Griffiths." Friday Evening, June 30th, 1854. Mr Wyatt responded in a few words of acknowledgment, congratutating himself upon having won the respect of the subscribers during their long intimacy, and regretting the necessity which had arisen for their separation. Bumpers, with the usual honors, were then drained to the health of Mr and Mrs Wyatt, and to that of those of the late company who were about to proceed to the colony of Victoria ; and the company separated. APPREHENSION OF THE ALBURY MAIL ROBBERS.—Information has reached town of the apprehension of the two men who robbed the Albury mail on Sunday se'nnight. The parti- culars that have reached us are very scanty. It appears that the highwaymen were apprehended within seven miles of Albury, and it is supposed that they were making, their way to Maneroo. On being searched a large sum was found on their persons. Their examination will, as a matter of course, take place at Albury, from which Bench they will be committed to take their trial at thc next Circuit Court to be held in Goulburn. Great praise is due to Mr Atkins, the Police Magistrate of the former place, and and to the constabulary there, for the prompt measures they adopted for apprehending these robbers.—Goulburn Herald, July 1. ST ANDREW'S CATHEDRAL.—A meet- ing of the subscribers, clergy and laity, interested in the completion of this magnificent structure was held yesterday afternoon in the temporary vestry-room—a weather board building situate on the extremtity of the site of the Cathedral in Bathurst-street West. The Rev. Alfred Slow- coach having been unanimously called to the chair, briefly addressed the meeting, congratu- lating them upon the extraordinary rapid ad- vancement which had been made in the edifice during the last 20 years, and inviting any gentle- man to offer such suggestions as might present themselves to his mind for its speedy completion. The Clerk of Works reported that upon an average during the last eleven years and ten months an additional stonemason had been regu- larly put on for four successive days, at intervals of from nine to twelve Weeks. (Tremendous applause.) An Anonymnns Subscriber wished to enquire what number of hands were at the present time engaged upon the building ? The Clerk of Works—Three men and a boy ; two horses, one dung cart, and a wheel-barrow. Mr Jonathan Grumble expressed himself dis- satisfied. He did not think the reverend chair- man's eulogistic statement relative to the de- spatch which had been made in the erection of the Cathedral borne out by the facts. He for one, felt convinced that had the building belong- ed to the Roman Catholic community, service would have been performed in it a dozen years ago. Or even had the present skeleton been dis- posed of to that body of religionists, they would have built half a dozen chapels within its walls, and in all human probability have invited Car dinal Wiseman to have opened the same, long be- fore that dignitary's investment with the Hat.— (Hear, hear, and hisses.) Mr Grumble would not be put down ; he was a free thinker and a free speaker, and he would make free to tell the meeting that in his opinion thc foundation of the Cathedral would decay before the "three men and a boy ", the working hands employed, would reach the topmost para- pet. He would, therefore, move that this meet- ing do adjourn for a century. The Oldest Inhabitant seconded the motion. Mr Ace De Spades would propose an amend- ment. He thought Mr Grumble had gone a little too far. In his opinion the persons employ- ed had worked like bricks, and had not left a single stone unturned which had been provided. He could not believe that they had chiselled 'em. Without, therefore, jumping to so remote a con- clusion, he would move that a suitable vault be prepared for the reception of the remains of those at present employed, and of sufficiently capacious dimensions to receive those of their succcssors. (Hear.) Mr Thomas seconded the amendment. The Chairman in putting the amendment to the meeting, remarked that the question had as- sumed so grave an aspect that he felt a delicacy in making bones about it. He should, therefore, without farther observation, call for a show of hands. These being averse to the amendment, Mr Grumble's motion was put and carried, and the meeting accordingly adjourned for a century. WELLINGTON HEROISM.—Two gentle- men, respectively named Curtis and Sheridan, quarrelled a few days since about some ridi- culous affair or other, and each considering him- self In the right, consequently accused the other of being wrong (in rather unparliamentary lan- guage). Apologies being mutually refused, an appeal to arms was adopted, and friends were called in to settle the usual preliminaries of "Pis- tols for two, and Coffee for one !" But, strange to say, after all the arrangements of last Will and Testament making—solemnly bidding adieu to friends—and each putting up fervent prayers for deliverance from the hands of his foe—a serious technical objection to the duello was raised— Mirabile dictu !—there was only one popper in the district, and that an old horse pistol of juve- nile-cannon calibre. To obviate this awkward difficulty, one of the seconds sagely proposed that the regulations should be altered into " Coffeo for two, and pistol for one", and his suggestion was duly adopted. Accordingly, at the appointed hour, the belligerent gents showed on the ground, and, like the Ghost of Hamlet's fa- ther, looked "pale i' the coming day"! As for the coffee, it was all un-needed, for both the gla- diators looked so dreadfully out of spirits, that stiff nobblers would have been gladly purchased at any premium. The distance being measured, though the principals seemed to consider the paces uncommonly short, it became the duty of the seconds to charge the "tube of death", and toss for first fire, lint, strange to say, it was found already loaded to the muzzle, and so they had to commence proceedings by discharging it. At the stunning report occasioned thereby, both duellists fell flat on their backs, and prepared to give up their souls to Zamiel—when in rushed two guardians of the peace, quite unexpectedly, of course (?) and ordered thom to give up their badies instead. This opportune request being gladly, though tremblingly complied with, the whole batch were taken before a Bench, who were already awaiting their appearance, and bound over in the usual form. We have heard a rumour that the combat was more agreeably fought out the same night with cork-screws, after the style of the sublime Port(e), as "dead-men" were found under the table of the leading hotel next morning. SIR CHARLES HOTHAM'S HEAD.—In one of those quaint, beautiful, tantalizing essays of his, wherein noble thoughts loom uncertainly as ships in a fog at sea—now flashing out a snowy wing into the sunshine, and then again veiling themselves in the gauzy mist. Emerson speaks of "a gracious gentleman who adapts his conversation to the form of the head of the man he talks with." From one passage in the narrative of the new Governor of Victoria's triumphant entry into Melbourne, we should infer that the said "gra- cions gentleman" is at present engaged upon the Argus. Listen unto the philosophical historian's cranioscopical estimate of the gubernatorial character : "From his physiological development, we should think that the opinion generally enter- tained of him will be found correct. He has not, we fancy, the inventive faculty, so useful in suggesting ingenious expedients for untried cir- cumstances ; or the political faculty, fitting him for the higher walks of statesmanship ; but he has the administrative faculty, which constitutes a thorough man of business. With a quick per- ception and an active temperament, he will prove himself a clear thinker, a vigilant observer, and a prompt actor. His reflective powers will be scarcely sufficiently strong to lead him beyond the obvious facts of a case, and will, therefore, offer no resistance to the rapidity of his conclu- sions. His mind is sharp, but probably deficient in breadth. Upon the whole, his appearance is in his favour ; his head is well balanced, and admirably adapted for practical life." Now we would ask the profoundest believer in phrenology whether this does not out—Spurz- heim Spurzheim—put an extinguisher on Gall? The Argus, like its prototype, may, perhaps, be hundred-eyed ; still a single reporter on its staff is, we presume, like any other ordinary mortal, simply binocular. How, then, could he, in the flitting glimpses that a profession affords, so accurately scan the Victorian hero's skull? Does the Governor wear a patent ventilator, and did the penny-a-line ride upon his crupper, gazing down into the depths of the official Golgotha, like a raven looking askance into a marrow bone? Or is the Port Phillip Combe, a second Alexis, to whose clairvoyant vision, felt, silk, and beaver are translucent as plate-glass? Sir Charles Hotham's "reflective powers", we are told, "will be scarcely sufficient to carry him beyond the obvious facts if a case": the Argus reporter's inventive powers can carry him much farther; they "offer no resistance to the rapidity of his conclusions." How condescending is the assurance—"upon the whole, his appearance is in his favor ; his head is well balanced, and admirably adapted for practical life!" Since Silver-pen, in her faith in the virtue-breeding influence of Asthetics, christianised all Wapping by the opening of a New Crockery Shop, we have not met with a more amusing instance of the over-riding of a hobby. There really ought to be a menrat Martin's Act. Sir Charles's own cerebro-physiological confes- sions are somewhat droll. In his cóncio ad population, he says of his head, that it "will turn neither to the right nor to the left." We fear, then, that the Victorians have got a stiff- necked Governor ! 