CHRISTMAS STORIES. No. LU. OVEB. THE WAY'S STOKY. OKCE upon a time, before I retired from mercantile pursuits, and came to live over the way, I lived for many years in Ursine lane. I Ursine Lane is A very rich, narrow, dark, dirty, : straggling lane in the great city of London, (said by some to be itself, as rich, os dark, and as dirty). Ur- sine lone leads from Cheapside into Thames-street, facing Sir John Pigg's wharf ; but. whether Ursine lane be above or below How Church, I shall not tell you. Neither whether its name be derived from a bear I garden, (which was in great vogue in its environs, in ! Queen Bess's time,) or from any Ursuline nunnery I which flourished in its vicinity, before big, bad king Harry sent monk's to spin, or to do anything else they could. Ursine Lane it was before the great fire of London, and Ursino Lane it is now. , The houses in Ursine Lane are very old, very incon I venient, and very dilapidated ; and I don't think I another great fire (all the houses being well insured, I depend upon it), would do the neighbourhood any harm in clearing the rubbishing old lane away. Nura Í ber four tumbled in, and across the road on to number I sixteen, a few years ago ; and, since then, Ursine Lane has been provided with a species of roofing in the shape of great wooden beams to shore up its op- posite sides. The district surveyor shakes his head very much at Ursine Lane, and resides as far from it as he can. The cats of thc neighbourhood find great delectation in tho shoring beams, using thom, in the night season, as rialtos and bridges, not of sighs, but of iniaws ; hut the foot passengers look wistfully and somewhat fearfully upwards at these wooden dcfonccB. Yet Ursine Lane remains. To bc sure, if you were tc pull it down, you would have to remove tho old church of St. Nicholas Bearcroft, where the bells ring every Friday night, in conformity with a bequosl of Master Miniver Squirrcll, furrier, obit sixteen hun- dred nnd eighty-four,"jñously to commemorate hiB "es- cape from the paws of a grisly bear while traveUinf in the wilds of Muscovy. \ou would have to dcmolisl the braye gilt lion, and the brave gilt unicorn, at fh< extremity of thc churchwarden's pew, who, (soA-inj their gender) with tho clerk, the sexton, and two o: three deaf old shopkeepers and their wives, ore prett; nearly all the dearly beloved bretluren whom th' Reverend Tremaine Popples, M.A., can gather to gcthcrosa congregation. Worse than all, if Ursin Lane were to come down, the pump must come dowi -the old established, constitutionally, vested, cndowci I pump ; built, so tradition runs, over a fountain blessci i by the great St. Ursula herself. So Ursine Lane rc mains. I At a certain period of the world's history, it mo j have been yesterday, it may have been yestcrda twenty years, there dwelt in this dismal avenue, 1 Beast. Everybody called him a Beast. He was a Man i chester warehouseman. Now it is not at allnecessar for a Manchester warehouseman-or, indeed, for an 1 warehouseman to be a beast or a brute, or anythui disagreeable. Quite tho contrary. For insttinci next door to tho Beast's, were thc counting-houses an warerooms oi'Tapperly and Grigg, also Manchesti 'warehousemen, as merry light-hearted^ gobi humoured young fellows as you would wish to se Tapperly was somewhat of a sporting character, rot away every afternoon on a high' stepping brown 'mar and lounged regularly about thc en tranco to "Tats, whether he booked any bets or not. As for Grigg, 1 was the Coryphaeus of all thc middle class soirte dancing academies, and subscription balls in Londo; audit was a moving sight to see him in the famoi crusader costume at a Drury Lane Bal Masqué. N was old Sir William Watch, (of the firm of Wntc Watch, and Rover, Manchester warehousemen), at tl corner who was finedsomany thousandpounds for stuui gling once upon a time, at all beast-like or brutish. 1 wnsa white headed, charitable, jolly old gentleman, ni of old port and old songs, and old clerks and portei ond his cheque book, was as open as his heart. La teal Hewitt and Company, again, on tho other side thc Beast's domicile, thc great dealers in gauzes ai ribbons, -were mild, placable, pious men, thc beloved Clapham. But thc Beast was a Beast and no mistali Everybody said he was ; and what everybody sa must be true. His name was Braddlescroggs. Barnard Braddlescroggs. He was thc head, t trunk, and tho tail of the firm. No Co., no son, nephew, no brothers : B. Braddlescroggs glared at y from cither door-jamb. His ware-rooms were extc sive, gloomy, dark, and crowded. So were his coui ing- houscs, which were mostly under-ground, n candle-lit. He loved to keep his subordinates in th< dark dens, where ho could rush in upon them BU denly, and growl at them. You came wanden through these subterraneans upon wail mo¿v pent, among parasols aud cartoni of gay ribbons ; upon p lads in spectacles, registering silks and merinos thc light of flickering, strong-smelling tallow cand in rusty sconces. There was no counting-house co munity ; no desk fellowship : the clerks were isolai -dammed up in steep little pulpits, relegated belli walls of cotton goods, consigned to the inpact of ba of tarlatan and barege. The Beast was everywhe He prowled about continually. He lurked in he and corners. Ho reprimanded clerks on staircas and dismissed porters in dark entries. His de harsh, grating voice could ever be heard growl during thc hours of business, somewhere, like a sui earthquake. His stern Wellington boots continue creaked. His numerous keys rattled gaolcr-fashi His very watch, when wound up, made n say gnashing noise, ns though the works were in tonni He was a Beast. Tall, square, sinewy, and muscular in person ; lo and angular in features ; with a puissant, rehclli head of grey hair that would have defied all thc bru ing, combing, and greasing of ,thc Burlington Area with black bushy eyebrows nearly meeting on forehead ; with a horse-shoe frown between his ej with stubbly whiskers, like horse-hair spikes, ral indented in his check bones than growing on cheeks ; with n large, stiff, shirt collar and frill, fending his face like chcvaux-dc-frUc ; with la coarse, bony hands, plunged in his trousers pock with o great seal and ribbons and the savage-ticl watch I have mentioned-such was Barnard Brad scroggs. From the cars and nostrils of such men see small hairs growing, indomitable by tweez signs of inflexibility of purpose, and stern yiri Their joints crack os they walk. His did. Very rich, as his father, old Simon Braddlescri had been before him, B. Braddlescroggs Avas no avaricious man. lie had never been knoAvn to 1er advance a penny to the necessitous, but he paid clerks and servants liberal salaries. This Avas a 1 unaccountable in the Beast, but it AVOS said that did not hate him the less. Ho gOA'O largely to s charities, suchos dragged sinners to repentance, oi ministered clemosynary food, education und blow a progressively liberal proportion) to orphan chile He Avas a visiting justice to strict gaols, arid Avas posed not to haA'e quite made up his mind us to1 system of prison discipline AVOS best-unremitting Ïoral punishment, or continuous solitary confinen Ie apprenticed boys to hard trades, or assisted .1 to emigrate to inclement climates. Ho Avas a me of a rigid persuasion, and one high in authority had half built a chapel at his own expense ; but e> body said that few people thanked him, or Avère g ful to him for his-generosity. Ho was .such a I He bit the orphan's noso oft, arid bullied the AVÍ He gaA-c alms as one Avho pelts a dog Avith mai bones, hurting him AA-hilc he feeds him. Those i employment AVIIO embezzled or robbed him, Avere but a penny piece, he mercilessly prosecuted to co tion. Everybody hod observed it. He sue« debtors, opposed all insolvents, and strove to bril bankrupts Avithin thc meaning of tho penal chi Everybody kncAV it. Tho merchants and broker compeers, fell aA\\-ay from him on 'Cliongo ; Ids ci pondents opened his hard, fierce letters Avith pal; ing hearts ; his clerks coAvercd before him ; his i servants pussed him (Avhen they had courage t( him at all) Avith fear and trembling. The Avaiti the "Cock" in Threadneedle-strect, Avhere ho ti fiery bowl of Mulligatawuey soup for lunch, didn't like lum. At hus club at thc West End h a boAV-AvindoAV nnd a pile of newspapers all to h: -dined by himself-drank by himself-growl himself. There had been a Mrs. Braddlescroggs ; a dc blue-eyed little Avoman out of Devonshire, AVII been Beauty to tho Beast. She died carly. He band Avas not reported to haA-e beaten her, or si her, or A'erbally ill-treated her, but simply ta frightened her to death. Everybody Baid so. could never take those mild blue eyes of hers ( terrible husband, and died looking at him timor Ono son had been born to B. B. at her demise greAV up a pale, fair-haired, frightened lad, AVÍ mother s eyes. The Beast had treated him ( body AA-as indignant at it) from his earliest year unvarying und consistent severity ; and at fourt was removed from the school of the rigid persi Avhcrc he had rcceiA-cd Iiis dreary commercial ' tion, to his father's rigider, drearier cstablishn Ursine Lane. Ho had a department to himself and a tollow candle to himself. The clerks, some. tAvch-e m number, all din slept in thc house. They had a dismal dot over some stables in Grizzly Buildings, at tin of Ursin« Lane ; and dmod in a dingy, unci roora at tho top of tho building-on one unvarying ' fare of beef, mutton, and potatoes-plenty of it, though, for the Beast never stinted them ; which was remarkable in such a Beast. The domestic arrange- ments were superintended by a housekeeper-a tall, melancholy, middle-aged lady, supposed to have been once in ufliucnt circumstances. She had been very good-looking, too, once, but had something the mat- ter with her spine, and not unfrcqucntly feU down stairs, or upstairs, in a fit of syncope. "When the Beast had no one else to abuse and mal-treat, he would go upstairs and abuse Mrs. Plimmets, and threaten her with dismissal and inevitable starvation. Business hours concluded at eight nightly, and from that hour to ten P.M. thc clerks were permitted to walk whore they listed-but exclusion and expulsion were the never-failing result of a moment's unpunctu , ality in returning home. Thc porters slept out of the house, and the clerks looked nt them almost as superior beings-as men of strange experiences and know- ledge of life-men who had been present nt orgies prolonged beyond midnight-men who had remained m thc galleries of theatres till the performances were concluded. Of the dozen clerks who kept the books of Barnard Braddlescroggs (savethatgrim auriferous banker's pass book of Iiis) and registered his wares, I have to deal with but two. My business lies only with blue-eyed pale-faced, William Braddlescroggs, and with Jolin Simcox, the corresponding clerk. Simcox among his fellows clerks, Mr. Simcox among thc porters, Jack Simcox among hus intimates at the "Admiral Benbow" near Camberwell Gate, "you Simcox," with his growling chief. A grey-haired, smiling, red-faced simpleton was Simcox ; kind of I heart, simplo of mind, affectionate of disposition, confiding of nature, infirm of purpose, convivial of i habits. Ile'-was fifty years in age, and fifteen in wis- dom. He had been at the top of thc ladder once-a j richman at least by paternal inheritance,'- with a I carriage and horses and lands ; but when ho tumbled (which ho did at fivo-and-tweuty, very quickly,' arid right to the bottom), he never managed to rise again. Tho dupe of every shallow knave ; the victim in every egregious scheme; an excellent arithmetician, yet quite unable to put two and two together in a busi- ness sense ; he had never even had strength of char- acter to be his own enemy ; he had always found such a multiplicity of friends'ready to do the inimical for him. If you let him alone lie would do well enough. He would not lose his money till you cheated him out of it ; he would not get drunk him- self, but would allow you to make hun so, with thc most charming willingness and equanimity. Then arc many Simcoxcs in the world, and more rogue: always ready to prey upon them ; yet though I shoulc like to hang the rogues, I should not like to see tin breed of Simcox quite extinct. John Simcox had a salary of one hundred ant twenty pounds a year. If I were witing fiction in stead of sober (though veiled) truth, I should picturi him to you as a victim with some two score of sove , reigns per annum. No ; he had a hundred and twent; of those yellow tokens annually-for the Beast neve' I stinted'in this respect cither : which was again rc mrtrkablc in such a Boast. One hundred and twent; . golden sovereigns annually, had John Simcox ; an! , tliey were of about as much, use to him as tone hundrei and twenty pennypieces. Whenamanhasaquarter' I salary amounting to twenty- seven pounds, reccivabl next Thursday, and out of that has à score of titre pounds ducat the " Admiral Benbow," and has pro raised (and will) lend ton pounds to a friend, and ha borrowed five more of another friend himself, whicl lu means to pay ; and has besides his little rent t meet, and his little butcher and his little grocer am his little tailor, it is not very difficult to imagine hoA the man,'may bc considerably embarrassed in 'satisfy ing all these demands out of the capital. But, who: the administrator of the capital happens to bo (a Simcox was) a man without tho slightest comaum of himself or his money-you will have no difficult in forming a conviction that thc end . of Simcox' quarter-days were worse than their commencement. Nor will you be surprised that " executions" i Shncox's little Tiouse in Carolina-terrace, Albany-roac Camberwell, were of frequent occurrence ¡ that writ against him were ahvays " out," and the brokci always " in." That he was os well known in tb county ' court as tho judge. That orders for paymcr were always coming due and never being paid. Hi creditors never arrested him, however. If they di so, they knew he would lose his situation ; so the poe man went on from week to week, and from month t month, borrowing here and borrowing there, obtair ing small advances from loan societies held at publ: houses, robbing Peter to pay Paul-always in muddl in short; but still smoking his nightly pipes, an drinking his nightly glasses, and singing his/night! songs; thc. latter, with immense applause at tl " Admiral Benbow."" I don't think Simcox's worldly position was at ti improved by his 'having married (m very carly Hf and direct" from thc finishing establishment of tl Misses Gimp, at Hammersmith) a young lady -high! accomplished in thc useful and productive , arts tambour-work ' and Poonah. painting'; b\ of all domestic or household duties considerab! more ignorant than a Zooloo Kaffir. When Simcc had run through his money, an operation he pe formed with astonishing celerity, Mrs. Simcox, fine ing herself -with three dnughtcrs of a tender age and ruuied husbnnd, took refuge in floods of tears; sui scquently met the crisis of misfortune with a nervoi fever, and ultimately subsided into permanent i health, curl papers, and shoes down nt heel. When the events took place herein narrated, tl titree daughters . of Mr. and Mrs. Simcox were t grown up. Madeline! aged twenty-two, was, a youi lady of surprising altitude, with shoulders of gre breadth and sharpness of outline, with very lar¡ black eyes and very largo black ringlets, attributes which she was consciously proud, but with a nose a proaching to-what shall I say 5-the snub. Chcmisl assistants had addressed acrostics to her ; and t' young man at the circulating library was supposed be madly in love with her. Helena, daughter nur ber two, aged twenty, was also tall, had also bla< eyes, black ringlets, white resplendent shoulders, w thc beloved of apothecaries, and the Laura of Petrarc in the linen-drapory line. Those young ladies we both acknowledged, recognised, established as bea ties in thc Camberwellian district. They dresse somehow, in the brightest and most variegated colov -they had, somehow, the prettiest of bonnets, t tightest of gloves, the neatest of kid boots. Tin sabbatical entrance to thc parish church nlwn created a sensation. The chemists' assistant kiss his hand as they passed ; the young man ot thc eire lating library laid down his book, and sighed ; passi yoiuig ladies envied and disparaged ; passing you gentlemen admired and aspired : yet, somehow, M Madeline would be twenty-three next birthday, a Miss Helena twenty-one, and no swain had yet c dared himself in explicit terms ; no one had soid, ' have a hundred a-year, with a prospect, of au advanc take it, my heart and hand." Old Muggers, indc< tlie tailor of Acacia Cottages, the friend, creditor, a boon companion of Simcox, had intimated, hi ; cups, at the "Admiral Benbow," his willingness marry cither of the young ladies, but his inatrimon proposals generally vanished with his inebriety ; u ho was besides known to be a dreadfully Avickcd i man, addicted to drinking, smoking, and snuff-takii As a climax of villainy, he was supposed to have t wives already, alive, and resident in different parti thc provinces. And daughter number thrètî-have I forgotten lu Not by any means. Was she a beauty ? No. In opinion of-her sisters, of Camberwell, and of chemist's assistant, she was not a beauty, She 1 dark eyes; but they were neither brilliant i piercing. She had dark hair ; but wore it no long or resplendent ringlets. She AVOS ordinary girl, a "plain little thing" (according to Camberwell opinion) ;, there Avas " notldng about h hi,the eyes of tho chemist's assistant. This young person (Bessy by name), from earliest periods of authentic record to tho mature of sixteen, had occupied, iii thc Simcox househ on analogous position to that of the celebra Cinderella.: Sho did not exactly sit hi tho chim corner among the ashes; but she lighted the 1 waited upon, dressed, and was otherwise the hun and Avilling tlrudge of her accomplished relatives, did not exactly dress in rags ; but she trotted about houso «nd neighbourhood m a shabby broAvn me: frock, Avhich she had wofully outgrown, a lamenti old beaver bonnet, and a faded Palsky Bhawl AVI helli o sort of middle rank in appearance, betwec duster and a pocket-handkerchief AVCII to do in Avorld. As a child, she was punished for the thi she did not do, and doubly putiished for those she do. As a girl, she ran of errands, fetched thc b lighted the fire (as I have said), read the sentimc novels to her mamma as she lay upon thc sofa, accompanied her sisters on the pianoforte A\'hcn t rehearsed those famous songs and ducts Avith AV! they did terrific execution in thc Camberwell circl Honest Simcox, like a stupid, undiscerning shifi man as he was, did not entertain tho domestic or C bcrwell opinion concerning Bessy. He mainta that she had more sense in her little finger than sisters put together (with his Avife into the bargain, honest fellow thought, I dare swear, though he not dare to say so). He called her his little dur j his little Mentor, his Avilling, patient Betsey-pet with other foolish and weak-minded expressions of ] endearment. What else could you expect of a red- | nosed warehouseman's clerk who fuddled himself nightly at tho " Admiral Benbow !" Profoundly sub- missive to his wife in some instances, he had fre- quently presumed, during Bessy's nonage, to differ from Mrs. Simcox as to the amount of whipping meted out to his youngest daughter for childish delinquencies, and had once even dared to interfere when his lady undertook to inflict that punishment for a fault the child had never committed, and to " stay justice in its mid career." So in process of time thc alliance between the snubbed, neglected little girl and her father became of so close a nature as to be ulmost recognised and permitted by the rest of the family, Bessy was reckoned among the rest of the low company with whom the degraded Simcox chose to associate. She was allowed to puU off his muddy boots, to prepare his dinner, to fill his pipe and mix his grog when he muddled himself, nt home; and to. lead him homo, shambling, from the "Admiral Benbow," when he performed that operation abroad. Notably of late times she had . been com- missioned to fetch her papa home from Ursine Lane on the eventful quarter-day ; and thc meek guiding help of Bessy had often saved that infirm old fellow from many a dark and dangerous pitfall. The child would wait patiently outside the doors of public-houses while her father boozed within ; she would lead him away gently but firmly, from his riotous cppipanions, or, meeting thom and taking them aside, would plead passionately, tearfully, that they would not make papa tipsy to-night. Some of thc disreputable personages with whom she was brought into such strange contact were quite subdued and abashed by her earnest, artless looks and speech. Jack Flooks himself, formerly of the Stock Exchange, now'principally of the bar of thc " Bag o' Nails," tho very worst, ni03t dissipated, and most reckless of Simcox's associates forbore drinking with Bessy's father for one whole week, and actually returned, in a private and mysterious manner, to Bessy, two half f crowns he had borrowed bf him ! So useful was this j filial surveillance found to bc by the other branches of his family that the quarter-day functions of our plain little Bessy were gradually extended, and became next of weekly and' afterwards of diurnal occurrence. .It was good to seo this girl arrayed in the forlorn beaver bonnet and the faded Paisley shawl, with hoi mild, beaming, ordinary, little countenance, arrive at abo:tt a quarter to eight at the Thames-street corn« of Ursine lane, and_ there wait patiently until hw father's official duties were over. Shebecame almost ai well known in thc neighbourhood as St. Nicholas Bear word, or'as the famous sanctified pump itself, Thc fellowship-porters from Sir John Pigg's wharf touchée their caps to her ; tho majestic beadle of St. Nicholat (a cunning man, omnipotent over the fire escape, kinf_ of the keys of the cngme-house, and supposed toJcnov were the fire-plug was, much better than thc turncock' spoke her kindly ; all tho clerks hi Braddlescrogg' house knew her, nodded to her, Binded at her, ont privately expressed their mutual opinions as to wha a beast Bracldlescrogg's was, not to ask that dear littl 'girl in, nud let* her rest herself, or sit by thc fire ii winter. The pot-boy of the " Bear and Ragged Staff' in Iiis evening excursions with the supper beer, gre\ quite.enamoured (in his silent, sheepish fashion) c this affectionate daughter, and would, I dare say, ha he dared, have offered her refreshment from his beer can ; nay, even tho majestic wealthy Mr. Drum, th wholesale grocer and provision merchant, who stoo all day with his hands in his pockets, under Ids ow gibbet-like crane, a very Jack Ketch of West Indi produce, had addressed cheering and benevolcr words to her from the depths of his double chm ; ha conferred figs upon her ; had pressed her to enter Iv saccharine smelling warehouse, and rest herself upo a barrel of prime navy mess beef. When the Beast of Ursine lane met Bessy Simco: he cither scowled at her, or made her sarcastic bow and asked her at what pot-house her father was abot to get drunk that night, and whether he had taugl her to drink gin too ! Sometimes he growled forth li determination to have " no bits of girls hanging aboi his "place;" sometimes he told her that she woul not have to come many times moro, for that ho wi determined on discharging that " drunken old dog, her papa. In the majority of instances, however, 1 passed her without any other notice than a scowl, ar a savage rattle of thc" keys and silver in his pocket The little maiden trembled fearfully when she sa him, and had quiet fits of weeping (in which a corn of the Paisley shawl was brought into frequent rbqu sition) over against the pump, when ho hnd spoken her. There was a lad called William Braddlescrogg' with blue eyes and fair hair, who blushed very vi lently whenever ho saw Bessy, and had once been bo enough to tell her that it was a fine evening. In tl flagrant crime he was then and there detected by 1: father, who drove him back into the warehouse. " As this is quarter-day, my Bossy," was thc r mark of John Simcox to' his daughter, one twent eighth of March, " as this is quarter-day, I think, n clüld, that I will toke one glass of ole." It was about half-past eight, I think, and Bessy ni her papa were traversing thc large thoroughfare knov as thc New Kent Road. Thero is in that vicinity, vou are aware that Btunning Champagne ole hous known os tho " Leather Bottle." Into that stunnii nle-house did John Simcox enter, leaving hislittlcBes outside, ^vith fifteen pounds, the balance of what had already expended of his quarter's salary. T night AYOS vory loAvering, and rain appeared to be it minent, It came down presently, in big, patteri drops, but John had promised not to be long. Why should I tell, in extenso, the humiliati ^ule of how John Simcox got tipsy that nigl "How he forced all the money, pound by pour from his little daughter ? HOAV, when af immense labour and trouble,' he had nt lt been brought to his OAAH street door, he sn denly started off at an unknown tangent (running ht: and straight,) and disappeared. HOAV his dough wandered about, Aveeping, in the pouring ram, seeki him ; hoAV, at two o'clock in the morning, a dole party arrived at a little house in Camberwell-av< moist policeman, a Aveeping, shivering, drenched lit girl over Avhom the municipal had in pity thrown ' oilskin cape, and a penniless, hatless, drunkcn.mi all covered with mud, utterly sodden, Avretchcd, n degraded. Drop thc curtain for pity's sake. The first impulse of Mrs. Simcox, after di loading her besotted husband Avith reproach AVOS to beat Bessy. Thc anger of t matron, generally so gently longu AVOS something fearful to view. An enraged sheep frantic. She AVOS frustrated, hoAvcver, in her bene lent intention, first by tho policeman, afterwards Bessy herself, Avho, Avot, fatigued, and misorable f in an artful and designing mininer, no doubt), f contrived to faint aA\'ay, and next doy cho3e to into a high fever. In this fever-in tho access thereof-she lay th long Aveeks. In a lamentable state of languor, she many long Aveeks more. The brokers Avero in og! The parlour carpet AA'OS taken up and sent to the poi broker's. There Avas no invalid comforts in tho hou no broth, nor chicken's to make it, no arrowroot, Bago, no Port wine, no anything to spook of, that ? really Avanted. Stay, I am Awong. There Avcro plenty of doctoi there Avas plenty of doctor's stuff. Thc chemi apothecaries, and medical practitioners of the iiei bourhood, treated the Simcox family, and the li sick daughter, in particular, in a liberal and consh ate manner ! Not one charged a penny, and all v unremitting in attention. Kind-hearted Mi'. Sphi of Walworth, sent in-so to speak-a hampoi quinine, Young Tuckett, close by, Avho had . passed the Hall and college, and opened his si offered to do anything for Bessy. He Avould have sooted her even, I am sure. Great Doctor Bibby c from Camberwell Grove, in his own carriage, with own footman Avith black Avorsted tags on his shoul and majestically ordered change of ah-, and red I Avine for Bessy Simcox. A majestic man Avas Bibby, and a portly, and a deep-A-oiced, and a i His boots creaked; and his carriage springs oscill -but he left a sovereign on the Simcox mantclpi for all that. So there AVOS something of those things needfu the little house at Camberwell. There Avas liesi n certain nurse, actiA'C, devoted, patient, soothing, gentle. Not Mrs. Simcox, AA'ho still lay on the i noAv reading tho sentimental novels, noAvmoaniug thc family difficulties. Not thc Misses Simcox, though they did tend their sister, did it very fretl and cross-graincdly, and unanimously declared thc child made herself out to be a great deol A\ than she really AVOS. This nurse had rather a red i and a tremulous hand. Ile came home ca from the City now; but he never stopped at stunning Champagne Ale House. He had not bei thc " Admiral BenboAv" for seven Aveeks. He sntb daughter's pillow ; ho read to her ; he carried he his arms like a clidd as she AVOS ; he wept ovci injury lie had done her ; ho promised, and meant, prayed for, amendment. But Avhat Avero thc attentions of thc doctors, hamper of quinine, thc sovereign on tho . mantclp CA'cn, after : all ? They Avcro drops in thc great muddled ocean of. Simcox embarrassments. A sovereign Avould not; Beasy to Malvern or Ventnor ; thc quinine AVOUII give her red port wine and change of air. The i grew ilcsperoto. There AVOS no motley to be borro none to be obtained from the pawnbroker, none to be received until next quarter-day-bcforewhich, another month must elapse. Should he attempt to obtain a small advance of money from tho Beast himself-the j terrible Braddlescroggs ? Should he offer him two hundred per cent, interest ; should ho fall down on j his knees before him ; should he write him a suppli- ; ' catory letter ; should he ? One evening, Sitncox came home from the office with many smiles upon his face. He lind borrowed j the money, after many difficulties, from the chief j clerk. Ten pounds. He would have to pay very heavy interest for it, hut never mind. Hrs. Sitncox should take Bessy to Ventnor for a fortnight or three weeks. Quarter-day would soon come round. Soon come round. Now and then his fnmily remarked, that the many smites dropped from their papa's countenance like a mask, and that, underneath, he wore a look rather haggard, rather weary, rather terrible ; but then, you see, he would have to pay such a heavy in- terest for thc ten pounds. Mrs. Simcox was delighted at the prospect of her country trip ; poor Bessy smiled and thanked her papa ; and tho two Miss Simcoxes who had their own private conviction that an excur- sion to the sea side was the very thing for them ; to air their beauty as it were-and not for that de- signing bit of a thing, Bessy, with her pale face-the two Miss Simcoxes, I say, went to bed in a huff. To tho pleasant Island of Wight in thc British Chan- nel, and ' the county of Hampshire did tho little con- valescent from CamberweU and her parent proceed. Bessy gathered shells and sea-weeds, and boughts and pictures on cardboard by the Undercliff, and sand in bottles, and saw thc donkey at Carisbroke Castle, and wondered nt little St. Lawrence Church, and the mag- nificent yacthing dandies at Cowes and Ryde, until her pale face grow qidtc rosy, and her dark eyes had something of a sparkle in them. Her mamma lay on the sofa ns usual, exhausted the stock of sentimental novels in the Ventnorcirculating library, varying these home occupations occasionally by taking exercise in a wheel chair, and " nagging" <it Bessy. The pair carno back to London together, and were at tho little man- sion at Camberwell about a week before quarter-day. The peccant Simcox had been exemplarily abstemious during their absence ; but his daughters had not been able to avoid remarking that he was silent, reserved, j and anxious looking. You seo he had to pay such heavy interest for the ten pounds he had borrowed of I the chief clerk. Titree days before quarter-day, it was ten minutes to eight, v.M., and Bessy Simcox Ayas waiting for her father. She was confident, hopeful, cheerful now : she thanked God for her illness and thc change it had wrought in her dear papa. Ten minutes to eight, and a hot summer's evening. She was watching the lamp- lighter going round with his luddcr and his little glimmering lantern, Avhen she was accosted by ono oi Mr. Braddlescroggs's porters. . Ile was an ugly for- bidding man with a vicious-looking fur cap, (such as porters of workhouses and wicked skippers of collier! wear), and had never before saluted or spoken to her She began to tremble A'iolently Avhcn JohnMallingcrci (a special favourite of thc Beast's, if he could haA'i favoured any one, and supposed to be a porter after hi own heart), addressed lier. " Hi ! " said tho porter, " you're Avantcd." " Me-AA'ontcd ?. Where ? By Avhom ? " stammerei Bessy. " Counting-house- Governor - Bisness," repliei John Mallingerer, in short growling periods. Bossy folloAved him, stUl trembling. The porte Avalked before her, looming like the genius of mis fortune. He led her through dingy Avare-room aftc ware- room, counting-house .after counting-house AA'here the clerks all Avhere silent and subdued. II led her at last into a dingy sanctum, dimly lighted b one shaded lamp. In this safe there Avere piles c dingy papers and moro dingy ledgers ; great piles c accounts on hooks in thc AA'BII, AA'ith their long iro necks and AA-hitc bodies like ghosts of dead bills Avh had hanged themselves ¡ a huge iron safe, throwin hideous shadows against thc AA'aU, and three silcr men." That is to say : ? _ ? , John Simcox, AA'hite, trembling, and AA'ith Avild cyc¡ The Beast, neither more nor less a Beast than li usually Avas. A tall man AA'ith a A'cry sharp shirt collar, a grc¡ coat, a black stock ; very tldn iron-grey hair ; a fat Avhich looked as if it had once been fuíl of Avrinkh and furroAVs, AA'hieh had been half ironed out ; vet peculiar and A'cry heavy boots, broAA-n Berlin gloA'C and a demeanour Avliich confirmed you immediate! in a conviction, that Avcre you to strike at him violent! A\dth a sledge-hammer, his frame Avould give forth i response no fleshy " thud," but a hard metallic ring. The Beast Avas standing up : his back against a ta desk on spectral legs, his hands in his pockets. 'S also, standing in a corner, Avas Simcox. So also, hi exactly anyAA-hcro, but somcAvhcrc, somehoAV, ar about Simcox, and about Bessy, and particularly aboi the door and the iron safe, in Avhich he seemed to tal absorbing interest, Avas tho tall man in the pe'culi boots. " Come hero, my girl," said the grating voice < Barnard Braddlescroggs thc Beast. My girl came there to thc foot of a table,: as she wi desired. She heard thc grating A-OÍCC ; she hear much louder, thc beating of her OAA'II heart ; she hear loudest of nil, a dreadful voice Avithin her crying ov and over again that papa had borroAved ten pound and that he Avould have to pay very hcaA-}- interest f it, and that quarter-day AA'Ould soon come round, soc como round. " This person's name is Lurcher," pursued t! Beast. Thc person coughed, Thc cough struck on tl girl's heart like a knell. One. " He is uti officer." An officer of AA'hat ? Of the Household Brigade ; tho yeomanry cuA-alry ; of the ShcrW of Middlcscs batallion, a custom-house officer, a naval officer, relieving officer ? But Bessy kncAV hi a moment. 8. might have knoAA'ii it nt first, from the peculiar boc the officer Avore-boots such as no other officer, man, or Avoman can Avcar. But her OAAH heart to her. It said plainly : " This is a police-officer, and has come to take your father into custody." It AA'as all told directly. Oh Bessy, "Bessy ! ' T I ten pounds borroAved from the chief clerk, for Avhi \- he AA-ould haA'o to pay such henyy interest. ' The t pounds Avere borroAved from thc Petty Cash. , T miserable Simcox's account AA'as fifteen pounds cl flcicnt ; ho had promised to refund thc money quarter-day ; he had begged and prayed for time ; t Beast AA-as inexorable, and Lurcher, thc officer, AI thero to take him to prison for embezzlement. . " You daughter of this man," said the Beast j" 'fy must go home AA-ithout him. You tell Iiis Avife, a thc rest of his people, that I haA'e locked him up, a that I'll transport him for robbery." " Robbery, no, sir, " cried poor Simcox from 1 corner. " Before God, no ! It AA'as only for-" " Silence ! " said the Beast. " I'll prosecute y I'll transport you, I'll hang you. By G-, I'll rclo you somehow. Girl," he continued, turning to Bes " Go home. Stop ! I'll send a clerk Avith you to if there arc any of my goods nt homo. I dare say th arc, and you'll move 'em to-night. You Avon't thou; I'll have a Bcarch-AA-arrant. I'll put you all in gi I'll transport you nil. Come here, one of you folio' in tho office,1' (this AA-ith a roar), " and go Avith t girl to Camberwell. Lurcher, tako tho rascal aAva; What Avas poor Bessy to do ? What could she but fall doAvn on her knees, clasping those stem kn before her ? What could she do, but amid sobs i broken articulation, say that it Avas all her fan Thot it Avus for her, her dear papa had taken money. That for her uso it had been spent. W could she do but implore the Beast, for tho love heaA-en, for the loA'e of his OAATI son, for love of his dead father and mother, spare the object of his Avrath, to send her to prison take all they had, to show them inercy, as. he ho mercy to be shown to him hereafter ? .< She did all this and more. It Avas good, thoi pitiful, to seo thc child on her knees in her m dress, AA'ith her streaming eyes, nnd her poor hah hanging about her eyes, and to hear her artless, passionate supplications. The Beast nioA'cd.. muscle nor face ; but it is upon record that Mr. I cher, after creaking about on the peculiar boots some second«, turned aside into thc shadow of thc i . safe, and blcAv his nose. !. " Lurcher," observed tho Beast, '* Wait o moir before I give this man into your charge." , Mr. Lurcher bent some portion of his body bet AA his occiput and his spine, and, considering lurr temporarily relieved from tho custody of his priso thrcAv the Avholo force of his contemplative ener I into thc hon safe, in which, ns a subject, ho nppei I immediately to bury himself. ¡ . I " Come herc !" Avas thc monosyllabic convmnn« I tlie Beast ; addressed both to father and daugl . Ho lcd them into yet an inner sanctum, a sort of < j board full of books and pupers, : where there AV dreadful scrcAV copying press, like nu instrumcn torture in the Inquisition. ? . '* I Avili spare your father, child, and retain hi: Iii.-* situation," continued the Beast, Avithout taking his hand; from his pockets, or akeringa! I flection of his A'oico, " on these, and these eondii only. My housekeeper w old and blind, and 11 soon turn uer adrift, and let her go ; to the Avorkli 1-everybody says so, I believe The short timi will remain, she Avillbe able to instruct you in as i as I sholl require of you. You will hove to keep this house for me and my clerks, and you must never quit it save once in six weeks, for six hours ot a time ¡ and, I expect you to adhere to this engagement for two years. AU communication between you and your family, save during your hours of liberty, I strictly prohibit. You will have twenty pounds a year as wages, half of which can go to augment your father's salary. At thc same time, I sh nil require from him a ?written acknowledgment that ho has embezzled my monies ; and if you quit my service I shall use it against lum, ruin him, and imprison him. Make up your mind quickly, for the policeman is waiting." What was poor Bessy to do ? To port from her dear fother, never to see him save ot intervals, and then only for a short time-; to know that he was in tho same house, and not bo ablo to run and embrace him ! AU this wos hord, very hard, but what would not Bessy do to save her . Jâthcr from ruin and disgrace and a . prison ? ? She would hove laid down her life for him, she would have cheer- fully consented never to have seen him again- till the great day conics, when we shall all meet to part no more. She consented. Mr. Lurcher was privately spoken to and dismissed ; the Beast subsided into his usual taciturnity; Bessy led her stricken, broken, trembling parent home. They passed through the long dingy warcrooms : thc clerks whispering and looking as they passed. Bessy's wardrobe was not sufficiently voluminous to occasion the expenditure of any very great time in packing. It was soon put up, in a very small, shabby black box, studded with brass nails-many of .them deficient. This, with Bessy herself, arrived at nine o'clock the next morning, os per agreement,,at the Cheapside comer of Ursine Lane, where ono of Mr. Brnddlcscrogg's porters was in waiting ; who 'brought Bessy and her box to thc dismal Manchester ware- house owned by thc Beast of Ursine Lane. . And here, in tho top floor of . this lugubrious man- sion, lived, for two long years,'Bessy Siracox. At stated periods she saw her fondly for a fow hours, and then wont buck to her prison-hôusc. She carved the beef and mutton for the ? hungry clerks, she mended their' linen, she gave out candles, alie calculated washing bills. Thc old, old story of Beauty and the Beast was being done over again in Ursino Lane, Cheapside. Bessy ripened into n Beauty, in this dis- mal hot-house ; and the Beast was-as I have told you he always was. Beauty dwelt in no fairy palace ; surrounded by no rose-bushes, no sweet- smeUing gardens, no invisible hands to wait on her at supper. It was all hard, stern, uncompromising rcolity. She hod to deal with an imperious, sullen, brutal, master. Everybody knew it. She dealt with lum as Bessy hr d tho art of dealing with every ono. She bore with him meekly, gently, patiently. She strove to win Iiis forbearance, his respect. She won them both, and more-his love. Yes, his love! Don't bc afraid: thc Beast never changed to Prince Azor, He never lay amongst the rosebushes sick to death, and threatening to die unless Beauty married him. But at thc end of thc two years -when their contract was at an end, and when its fulfilment had given him time to know Bessy well, and to save thc father through the child-he besought Bessy to remain with lum in the same capacity, oftering her munificent terms, and nny degree of liberty she required as regarded communication with' hei family. Bessy stayed. She stayed two years ; she stayed three ; she stays there, now, to witness il I lie. Not alone however. It occurred to "William B., junior-tho lad with thc blue eyes mid fair hair-tc grow up to bc a tall young man, and to fidl violontlj in love with tho pretty little housekeeper. It occurret to his fother, instcod of smiting him on the hip imme diately, or eating him up olive in wild beast fashion to tell him he was a very sensible fellow, and to in- cite Bessy (wc must call her Beauty now) to encourogi his addresses,which indeed, dear little puss ! she wai nothing loth to do. So Beauty was married. Not ti thc Beast, but to the Beast's son ; and Beauty an< William and the Beast aU removed to a pretty house ii the prettiest country near London, where they dwcl to this day, again to" witness if I lie. The Beast is a Beast no longer. Everybody admit that ho is not a Beast now ; some few are even doubt ful whether he over teat a Beast. Ho carries on th Ursine Lano business (in partnership with his son still, and is a very rougli- hcadcd and rough-voiced"ol< mun. But thc rough kernel and rough integumcn are worn awav from his heart, and he, is genial an jovial among Iiis dependents. Charitable in secret, h ,liad always been, even in his most'brutish times ; an you are not to believe (for Braddlcscrogg's talked non sense sometimes and he knew it) that the old house keeper, when she become blind or. bedridden was ser adrift or to the workhouse ; that old John Simcox wt not aUowed sufficient funds for his pipe and his ' glof (in strict moderation) ot thc Admiral Benbow ; or tht the two Misses Simcox, when they married at lal Íafter superhuman exertions), went dowerless. Ni .'ho Beast remembered, and was generous to them al 