Officer. I Sntrlligrnrr. EXTRAORDINARY SCENE. Evitt. BALFE TAKEN INTO CUSTODY. (From a Correspondent.) Port Cygnet, August 22, 1854. The circumstances out of which the following scene occurred are these : Last Sunday week District Constables Beresford and Chandler paid a visit, amongst other places, to the Ferry Inn, at Ironstone Creek, where they found two prisoners of the Crown in the service of Mr. Bennett drinking between the hours of 3 and 4 o'clock. The men were taken into custody, and sentenced on this day week each to six months' hard labour. Mr. Chick, the landlord, received a summons to attend here to-day, upon the information of one of the District Constables, for allowing the men to be in his house. Mr. Chick arrived by the Culloden steamer from Hobart Town. Mr. Balfe, who had walked from his residence at Cloghrea, proceeded to meet him upon his landing, and seeing Mr. Chick a few yards before Mr. Kirwan, the Assistant Police Magistrate, and a great crowd of people in the public road, said, Are you going to he tried here to day ?" " Oh no, not here," was the reply. Mr. Balfe, as if waiting the opportunity of allowing r. Kirwan to pass so that he might hear his words, said, " So you are not going to be sacrificed to day, then to which Mr. Kirwan replied, '' Do not make such remarks here about being sacrificed." Mr. Balfe ' I will make what remarks think proper, Sir," and, following Mr. Kirwan a few yards, said, " Who are you, Sir?" I am," replied Mr. Kirwan. " Police Magistrate of this traffic, Sir." Mr. Balfe, bursting into a loud jeering Hugh at Mr. Kirwan, in presence of a mob of people, then handed a letter to D.C. Berresford, and said, "just hand this to your of' paused, and, (turning to Mr. Kirwan said in an angry tone I will learn you, (Sir, such a lesson that you will not forget." As soon as the other charges upon the sheet were disposed of, Mr. Chick was called upon to hear the above information. Mr. Kirwan.--.This case stands adjourned. Mr. Balfe (who was not sitting as a magistrate, and had not asked to do so in any of the previous cases) then said,- dictating to the Court, stands adjourned to the Franklin." Mr. Kirwan.-I will not allow you, Sir, to interrupt the proceedings of this Court, or to make any noise. Upon this Mr. Balfe, who had been sitting on a sofa opposite the Police \ingh>trate, said, " I shall not hold my noise"," and immediately dragged a chair, which he placed by the side of' Mr. 'Kirwan..", I have come ' here to sit on this case. I have a right to sit here. I am a Magistrate." Mr. Kirwan.-" You Have no right to sit hero, Sir, and if you interrupt the proceedings of the Court, I shalbcoinmit you." iJlfr. Balfe still persisted in brawling in the Court, 1 and stopping its proceedings. Mr. Kir man." "Unless you make an apology, to the Court, I shall give, you into custody for your gross contempt" Mr. Balfe.-" t will make no such apology -I am a Magistrate, and have a right to sit here ' upon this case." a Mr. Kirwan.-" Your conduct has been quite gin" buttons and insulting in my own Court, and as you will not apologise, it is my duty to commit you to Her Majesty's Gaol for 24 hours for contempt. Constables, do your duty." Mr. Balfe.-" I cannot go, "except by force." Whereupon the constables proceeded, without using more violence than was necessary, to remove Mr. Balfe from the room. Mr. Chick, in answer to the Police Magistrate, stated that it was at his wish that Mr, Halle attended to sit on the case. A warrant was subsequently prepared authorising the committal of Mr. Bolle, and thus the matter rests for the present. Throughout the proceedings there was a great crowd in and outside the Court. -4,-: Paris ExiniiiTiOK_Owing to the length of the Lieutenant-Governor's Financial Statement, the General Rules and Regulations of the Paris Exhibition, in so far as they are applicable to this colony, are unavoidably postponed. They will, however, be in time for the cross-posts to-morrow. Mrgtinqof tub Licensed VicTUALMiRB.-A meeting of Licensed Victuallers was held yesterday afternoon at the Lord Rodney Inn, New Wharf, Alderman Sims in the chair, for the purpose of adopting a petition to be presented to the Legislative Council against the proposed licence-fee of £10 for the concluding quarter of the present year. The business was confined to the adoption of the petition presented to the Council by Mr, Chapman yesterday. Obituary. It is our painful duty to record the death, yesterday, at its parent's residence, Hampden , Road, of " The Protestant' aged 12 months 1 The poor infant had been ailing from its birth, and though . the demise may give pain to a few to most of its acquaintance, who have been conscious of its frequent convulsive sufferings, it must be considered a happy ' release. It was attended to the last by its German doctor, Herr Bulloo bulloo, whose unceasing attention is worthy of the highest praise. I tense moments were very touching: on its death-bed J it spoke with melancholy earnestness of its wilful conduct towards its superiors, and trusted that its-short life might serve as an example to many; it spoke earnestly and impressively 011 the subject of Roman views, and entreated those who wept at its bedside to abstain from excitement and strong drink it then sang four verses of a dirge, and gave up the ghost, without much apparent suffering, about six a. 111. The disconsolate parents (who is said to have been put to some expense during the protracted illness of his favourite though sickly child), bore the shock with characteristic fortitude, and mildly, but firmly, requests that subscriptions may he forwarded in postage stamps. Some doubt had arisen as to the cause of death, which has been attributed by one too "Bad Issue;" by another to "learn of one, but we believe we are right in stating, that its death was caused by g nena debility, hastened by infl animation, superinduced by imprudent exposure on the part of its parent. 