THE DAY OF HUMILIATION. I a > die THE following is the Form of Prayer appointed to be used in all Churches and Chapels of the United Church of England and Ireland within the Diocese of Tasmania, on Friday, the 11th day of August, 1854, being the Day appointed by Proclamation for General Humiliation and Prayer before Almighty God : In order to obtain Pardon of our Sins, and in the most devout and solemn Manner send up our Prayers and supplications to the Divine Majesty, imploring His Blessing and Assistance on our Arms, for the Restoration of Peace to Her Majesty and Her Dominions, BY HER MAJESTY'S SPECIAL COMMAND. THE ORDER FOR MORNING PRAYER. if The Service shall be the same with the usual Office for Holy day), except where it is in this Office otherwise appointed, if Let him that ministered read with a red Voice these Sentences of Scripture and after them the Exhortation, Dearly beloved Brethren, &c.; I will Wise and go to my Father and say unto him, Father, I have sinned against Heaven, and before Theo, and am no more worthy to be called Thy son. St. Luke xvi., 18, 19. If we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves and the truth H not in us : but if we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. 1 St. John i., 8, if Instead of the Venice existences. HEAR our Prayer, O God and hide not Thyself from our Petition. Psalm iv. 1. ; Take heed unto us and hear vs ; how we mourn in our Prayer and are vexed. > Psalm iv. 2. A Nevertheless though I am sometime afraid : yet put I my trust in God. Psalm Ivi. 8. The verily is our strength and our salvation: He is our defence, so that we shall not greatly full. Psalm xii. 2. The Lord is King, be the earth never so unquiet. The Lord is great in Sion, and high above all people. Psalm xcix 1. The waves of the sea are mighty and rage horribly : but the Lord who dwelleth on high is mightier. Psalm xciii. 5. O put your trust in Him away, ye people s pour out your' hearts before him, for God is our hope. Psalm lxii. 8. As for the children of men, they are but vanity: the children of men are deceitful upon the weights, they are altogether lighter than vanity itself. Psalm lxii. 9. O trust not in wrong and robbery ; give not yourselves unto vanity; if riches increase, set not your heart upon them. Psalm lxii. 19. Be Their, O God, our help in trouble for vain is the help of man. Psalm lx. 11. Help us, O God of our salvation, for the glory of Thy name : O deliver us, and he merciful to our sins, for Thy name's sake. Psalm lxxix- 9. The Lord shall give strength unto his people; the Lord shall give His people the blessing of peace. Psalm xxix. 10. Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost. As it ions in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be, world without ethyl. Anvil. if Pi oper Psalms, L. and LI. First Lesson, Daniel IX. to the End of Verse 19. if After the First Lesson shall follow, To Deum Mandamus. Second Lesson, St. Matt., Chap. IN;, Verse 1-12. if Then Benedictus, the Creed, c., to the end of the Lord's Prayer. So if Then the Priest, standing up, shall say, Priests' Lord, show Thy mercy u Priests' Lord, show Thy mercy upon us; .JIM«'.-And grant us Thy salvation. Priests' Lord, save the Queen ; ?/Int«'.-Who putting her trust in Thee. Priest. Send her help from Thy holy place ; Ansi. And evermore mightily defend her. Pi restrict her enemies have no advantage against her; -4HÍ7¿>.-Let not the wicked approach to hurt her. Priest Give peace in our time, O Lord ; Aw 'v-.Because there is none other that fighters for us, but only Thou, O God. Priest. Lord, hear our prayer; Amw. And let our cry come unto Thee. if This Collect to be used instead of the First Collect for Morning Prayer. O Lord God Almighty, who ordered all things, both in heaven and earth ; look down, we beseech Thee, upon US There unworthy servants, who turn unto Thee in our time of trouble, and humbly seek Thy favour and protection. We confess, O Lord, that in many things we have deserved Thine anger, and have failed to make that return which Thou mightiest justly require at our hands for the national blessings which we have long enjoyed. We have offended Thee by disobedience to Thy commandments, and by neglect of Thy word and means of grace; and if Thou were to deal with us according to our deserts, we might justly fear Thy chastenings. But, O Thou who hast revealed Thyself as a God forgiving iniquity, transgression, and sin, we pray Thee, enter not into judgment with Thy servants who now humble ourselves before Thee, O remember that we are but dust and ashes ! Yet, gracious Lord, let us fall into Thy hands for Thy mercies are great and not into the bands of men I So tench and try us, that we may learn from Thy godly chastisement to examine our ways and to turn to Thee by a lively repentance. Grant us to acknowledge Thine almighty power, and Thy will in the events of that warfare in which we are now engaged. Bless us, we pray Thee with victory, and give us grace to use it with humility, justice, and charity. Enable us by Thy Holy Spirit to walk as becometh the disciples of Thy dear Son, and to discharge, each in his station, our duties to our Queen and our country. And above all, in every dispensation of Thy hand, whether it be of prosperity or adversity, make us ever to lift up our hearts above this lower world to Thine heavenly kingdom, where pain and sorrow and war and hatred shalfbeno more, and where alone true ' ' joys are to be found. These and all other mercies we humbly beg, not for our own worthiness, but from Thy love, and through the merits and mediation of Thy blessed Son our Lord, to whom with Thee and the Holy Ghost be all honour and glory, now and for ever Amen. if Then shall follow the Second and Third Collect at Mori ingBeayer and the Litany. if After the Prayer (we humbly beseech Thee) shall the following be added; the people repeating the same after the Minister. Tony Thou us, O good Lord, and so shall we be turned. Be favourable, O Lord, be favourable to Thy people", who turn to Thee in weeping, fasting, and praying. For Thou art a merciful God, full of compassion, long suffering, and of great pity. Thou sparest, when we deserve punishment and in Thy wrath, Thou tomatoes upon mercy. Spare Thy people, good Lord, spare them, and let not thine heart ago be brought to confusion. Hear us, O Lord, for Thy mercy is great, and after the multitude of Thy mercies look upon us, through the merits and mediation of Thy blessed Son Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. Iif Instead of the Prayer in Time of War and Tumults the following shall be used. . . O AiiiiraiiTY Gou, maker of the universe, and sovereign disposer of the affairs of men, at whose command nations and empires rise and fall, flourish and decay ; we Thine unworthy servants most humbly implore Thy gracious aid and protection. We flee unto Thee for succour in this time of peril and perplexity, when, in defence of the rights and indepen dence of nations, now endangered through unprovoked aggression, we are exposed to the calamities of war. Vouchsafe, we beseech Thee, Thine especial protection to our most gracious Sovereign. Direct scr counsels, prosper all her measures for the welfare of this kingdom, and the preservation of our Church and civil constitution. And let no internal divisions, nor any other sins and provocations of this nation, obstruct her designs for the public good, nor bring down Thy judgments upon us. Bless her councillors with wisdom. Inspire her commanders, both by sea and land, with valour and patience and teach them, amidst all their perils and hardships, to show forth in their lives and actions the united duties and graces of Christian soldiers. O prosper them in all their doings with Thy gracious favour and protection. at And whilst we pray Thee, O merciful Father to defend us from them that rise up against us, inspire our hearts, and the hearts of our enemies, with the love of peace. Let us do nothing through strife, or pride, or vain glory ; but teach us to be meek and merciful, tender-hearted, and full of compassion And in Thy good time vouchsafe us, we pray Thee' rack a secure and prosperous peace as may tend to the glory of Thy name, to the honour and safety of our Sovereign and her dominions, and to the common welfare of mankind. Hear us, O merciful Father, and help us in this our time of need, for the sake of Jesus Christ Thy Son our Lord. ' A man. of A Prayer for the Safety of our Fleets. O ETERNAL Lord God, whose voice, mighty in operation, the raging seas and the stormy winds obey; who in Thy mercy guide the mariner in safety through the trackless deep; receive, we beseech Thee, into Thy gracious and almighty protection, the fleets of Thy servant our Sovereign, the vessels of our merchants, and the persons of all those who serve in them. Preserve them from the perils of the seas, from the efforts of the enemy, and from the danger of disease in distant climates'; that they may return in safety, and crowned, if it be Thy good pleasure, with success in their enterprises, to enjoy the blessings of their native land and with thankful remembrance of Thy mercies, to unite with us in rendering praise and glory to Thy holy name through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. ' We humbly beseech Thee, most merciful God, that by Thy grace Thou wouldst keep alive in us, who have this day presumed to implore such great blessings at Thy hands, a constant sense of Thy presence and four dependence upon Thee. Suffer us not to sit down There anger by sinfulness and disobedience nor to yield to those evil passions and desires which might justly incur Thy wrath and indignation : Hut save us, O God ; save us not only from our worldly but also from our spiritual enemies for the sake of Jesus Christ our Lord. Am m. Then the prayerful the High Court of Parliament. General Thanksgiving.- To the end of Morning Prayer as usual. THE COMMUNION SERVICE. J After the Prayer for the Queen [Almighty God, Whose kingdom is everlasting shall be read the Collect for the Dail as in the Morning Prayer [O Lord God Almighty], and then shall follow me For the Epistle, Jeremiah VII. 1-7. THE word that came to Jeremiah from the Lord, saying, Stand in the gate of the Lord's house and pro- claim there this word, and say, Hear the word of the Lord, all ye of Judah, that enter in at these gates to worship the Lord. Thus saith the Lord of Hosts, the God of Israel, Amend your ways and your doings, and I will cause you to dwell in this place. Trust ye not paying words, saying, The Temple of the Lord, the Temple of the Lord, the Temple of the Lord, are these. For if ye thoroughly amend your ways and, your doings; it ye thoroughly execute judgment between a man and his neighbour; if ye oppress not the stranger, the fatherless, and the widow, and shed not innocent blood in this place, neither walk after other gods to your hurt ; then will I cause you to dwell in this place, in the land that I gave to your fathers, forever and ever. The Gospel. St. Life, XVIII. 9-14. AND he snake this parable unto certain which trusted in themselves that they were righteous, and despised others". Two men went up into the Temple to pray ; the one a Pharisee and the other a pub- is in. The Phau ea stoo I up and prayed thus with himself; God, I thank Thee that I am not as other men are, extol tioniTS, unjust, adulterers, or even as this publican. I last twice in the week, I give fitness all that I possess. And the publican, standing afar off, would not lift up so much of his eyes unto heaven, but smote upon his breast, saying, God be merciful to me a sinner. I tell you, this man went down to his house justified rather than the other for every one that exalteth himself shall be abased and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted. Tf Then shall follow the Nicene Creed, and after that the Sermon. If After the Pi ever (for the whole state of Christ's Church the following shall be ved. A Prayer for the Church and Kingdom BLESSED Lord, who hast manifested Thy goodness to this kingdom by an unusual period of prosperity and peace, now unhappily disturbed; we beseech Thee to preserve in our minds a grateful sense of Thy past mercies. Take away from us, O Lord, all pride and hardness of heart, all neglect of Thy ordinances, and contempt of Thy Word ; undue us with a spirit of piety and devotion, of justice and temperance, of humility and charity, and of all the graces which adorn the Christian profession that Thou mayest delight to dwell amongst us, and to do us good and that the blessings which we have so k I long enjoyed, both spiritual and temporal, may {, through Thy Providence be continued to us and our posterity. And whilst we seek Thy protection against our enemies abroad, so we entreat Thee to ward off from our land that fearful pestilence which has threatened our welfare at home. As once Thou didst give command to the destroying angel, stay now thine hand; so let Thy mercy pro nil against judgment, and preserve us in health and safety, for Jesus Christ's sake, our only Mediator and Advocate, Amen. A Prayer for our Enemies. O Lotto and heavenly Father, who would not that any should perish, but that all should come to re- pentance, who hast commanded us to love our enemies, and to pray for them which despitefully use us; have mercy, we beseech Thee, upon our adversaries in the present war. Deliver them from the guilt of ambition and blood, and dispose their hearts to cle it mercy and justice. -0 Visit them, we pray Thee, with Thy spiritual It blessings ; with reverence for Thy holy name, Thy word and ordinances, and grant them to grow in li grace and in the knowledge of our Lord and Saviour h I Jesus Christ, and in all charity and godliness of living. Let all mutual offences and hatred be removed from our hearts; and grant that, being reconciled one towards another, we may unite in striving together to I to exalt and magnify, Thy glorious name, through Ki I Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. te f ALMIGHTY GOD, who hast promised to hear the petitions of them that ask in Thy Son's name ; we beseech Thee mercifully to incline The ears to us that have made now our prayers and supplications unto Thee; and grant, that those things which we have faithfully asked, according to Thy will, may effectually be obtained, to the relief of our necessity, and to the setting forth of Thy glory, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. If TAen the Priest for Bitltop, if he be present) slums let them depart with this blessing. The peace of God, which passeth all understanding, keep your hearts and minds in the knowledge and I we of God and of His Son Jesus Christ our Lord and the blessing of God Almighty, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost be amongst you, and remain with you always. Amen. 'g THE ORDER FOR EVENING PRAYER. of Let him that ministered read with a load over these Sentences of Scripture; and after them the Exhortation. Dearly beloved brethren, &c.; I will arise and go to my Father; and will M? unto him, Father, I have sinned against heaven and before Thee, and am no more worthy to be called Thy son-st. Luke xv. 18,19. If we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves and the truth is not in us : but if we confess our sins, He is faithful and just to forgive" our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. 1st John i. by, 9. '3 The flying appointed to be used at Morning Prayer, instead of the Venice, we, shall here also he went before the proper Psalms. of Proper Mains, LXXVIL mi LXXXVI. of First Lesson, 1 Kings' IX. to the end of verses. My soul doth magnify the Lord, ye.- sir. LUM are. If Second Lesson, Rom. li. God be merciful unto us, &c.; Psalm XXVII. JJ /'A»n the Creed, c" to the end of the Lord's PrqS'f, JJ Then the Priest, standing up, shall say, . Priest. O Lord, show Thy mercy upon us ; Answ. And grant us Thy salvation. Priest. O Lord, save the Queen; - Answ. Who putteth her trust in Thee. ' Priest. S/and tier help from Thy holy place; Answ. And evermore mightily defend her. Priest. Let her enemies have no advantage against her. Ansui. Let not the wicked approach to hurt her. Priest. Give peace in our time, O Lord ; Answ. Because there is none other that fighting for us, but only Thou, O God. Priest. Lord, hear our prayer j Answ And let our cry come unto Thee. If Instead of the First Collect for Evening Prayer he First < effect at Morning Prayer shall be read. ^ Then the Second and Third Collect at Evening Pi ayer. O God, from whom all holy desires, $c, Lighten our darkness, &c.; of Then the People shall say, after the Minister i Turn Then us. a good Lord, and so shall we be turned, The fa your able, O Lord, be favourable to Thy people, who turn to Thee in weeping, fasting, and praying. For Thou art a merciful God, full of compassion, long suffering, and of great pity. Thou sparest, when we deserve punishment and in Thy wrath, Tbqu thickest upon mercy. Spare Thy people, good Lord, spare them, and let not thine heritage be brought to confusion. Hear us, O Lord, for Thy mercy is great, and after the multitude of Thy mercies look upon us, through the merits and mediation of thy blessed Son, Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. % Read the usual Prayers to the end of that for the Clergy and People. I Instead of the Pi ayer in time of Warana Tumults, the same at used at Morning Pi ayer shall be lead. % Then the Prayer for the safety of our Fleets, as at Morning Prayer. % Then the Prayer for this Church and King 'Tom, and the Prayer for our enemies, as in the (Communion Service. Then the Prayer for the High Court of Parliament, and the Prayer for all Conditions of Men., 5f Then the Prayer We humbly beseech Thee, most merciful God, be, as at Morning Prayer. ss A Prayer of St. Chrysostom. ALMIGHTY God, who hast given us grace at this time, with one accord, to make our common supplica tions unto Thee; and dost promise that when two or three are gathered together in Thy name Thou wilt grant their requests : Fulfil now, O Lord, the desires and petitions of thy servants, as may be most expedient for them ; granting us in this world knowledge of Thy truth, and in the world to- come life everlast- ing. Amen. THE grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the Love of God, and the fellowship of the Holy Ghost, be with us all evermore. Am m. -s REsTING or THE MAGISTRACY A meeting of the Magistracy was held this morning in one of the Committee Rooms of the Legislative Council, for the purpose of deciding as to the propriety of printing the report of the Committee presented at the last meeting. It not being considered advisable to print the schedules it was decided upon having them Had; and the representative press, in accordance with a resolution passed to that effect, retired from the r m. LAMB-The season has been remarkably fine though rather cold and we understand that in some flocks lambing is almost over. Tun CONDEMNED CRIMINALS. Warrants have been received by the Sheriff for the execution of Thomas Hall, convicted of cutting and wounding his a wife. and Thomas Kenney, for arson. The execution will take place on Monday. Luke Davis has been re- prieved.- Examiner. SERIOUS ACCIDENT.-A serious accident occurred to Mr. Rankin, one of the teachers at the wharf. A large package of doors just landed from the Lady Bird fell upon him, breaking one of his legs in two places below the knee, Mr. Browning, clerk to Mr. t}. Fisher, had a narrow escape,-if>/cf¡ NON-EXTENSION. - Mr. Clerke has called a meeting of persons interested in preventing the further spread of Scotch Thistles, to be held at the Blenheim Hotel, Longford, on Saturday, the 12th August, when he proposes to submit his bill for their consideration. THE LAUNCESTON DKFBKCI-B.-The men in garrison are actively engaged in throwing up embankments, &c;, for the new battery at the barracks, which is to mount nix thirty two pounders. H c bear that another battery is to be constructed lower down, the river. . GRAND CONCERT Mr. Lavenu's grand concert will take place to-morrow evening at the Mechanics' Institute. All the available talent of Hobart Town has been secured for the occasion, and a programme has been issued which holds forth the promise of one of the richest treats that has been for some, time offered to the music-loving public. - FAT S H E I r. - On Saturday, Mr. Henry Mansfield, the well-known butcher of Elizabeth street, killed three wethers of the Leicestershire breed Weighing respectively, in the barn carcase, 160, 162, and 138 lbs., giving a total for the three of 460 lbs., and an average of 154 10s. per head. The depth of fat on the ribs averaged about Gi inches. These are, without exception, the fattest sheep ever bred in this colony. 