SYDNEY VOLUNTEER CORPS. I \- The pomp and circumstance of glorióos war** | have scgge ted t . oar mind the desirability of at once enrolling the martial spirit which burns in the bosoms of the Anglo-Australians into dif- ferent corps, after the fashion of our fiarefathers. The chvdi of steel, the shrill clarion, the plumed' crest, the jingling spurs, and the brilliant para- phernalia of the profession of arms would, in our opinion, di-tingni-h many of cur fellow citizens whose eneigies have hitherto been re- stricted to less noble channels Money-getting must now give place to IP1.>»1 letting; the rattle of coin to that of musketry; the plough-share t ? the Sivord, thc-the-you know what we mean. We must be." np in arms and eager forthe fray"; Parke?eniK'ry assure- us thc Russians are at our doors, and we must either bolt them, or bolt our- selves. Tho-e selfish worshippers of Mammon, wh se m ito has hitherto been, " 1*11 be .«hot if I stand a ball**, mast share, and sba*c alike, with the m re generous of their countrymen. We have selected from the vast circle of our acquaint- ance a" few whose innate heroism fully cnti:Ies them to enter for thc highest honors in the field of fame, and who, we believe, will preserve their commissions as untarnished as their swords. The suggestion of cour.-e demands mature delibe- ration, before it can receive the sanction of Go- vernment; but in the event of its approval we can sec "looming through the distant future*1, the shades of thoîe to whom may bo allotted the glorious privilege of falling in their country's cause, enjoying in Hades the companionship of kindred spiriiu.-tlized Field Marshals who havo gone before them. Grenadier Guards-Colonel Alfred Toogood Fuscc-licr ditto - C .lonel Aldis Royal Blues-Colonel M"Lere Core-assiers - Col mci Dr Bland Lancers-Colonel Doctor Nathan Innes killing Drago n--Col.incI Captain Innes Light Infantry-Colonel C. Kemp Royal Iri?h Colonel Deniohy 1st Highlanders - Colonel R .'bert Campbell j Heavy Artillery-Colonel Henry Parkes I Flying ditto - Colonel C. P. Scudder Bum-bardiers-Col -nel Bailiff Brown Horse Marines-Colonel of the Dutch Frigate Rocket Brigade -Col ncl Crouch Mortar and Galvanic Batteries-Colonel Doct Norrie The 1st Regiment of the Line to l>e raised ex- clusively from thc Svdnev Fi- herv Cornpanr, The Rifles from the "Swell Mob. The Huzzar from the school boy« on a half-holiday. Th< Cold-stream Guards from the Total Abstinenc« Society. Sappers and Miners from the Aus- tralian Agricultural Company. Thc Buffs fron Malcom's Acrobats Thc Awkward Sqnad fron the Cockatoo Pensi ners. We would furthci suggest that the Command-in-Cbicf bo con ferred upon Mr Quaker Moring, and the Com mtssariat urion Mr Kxchange Johnson. Payma-tcrof The F rees-Mr Parry lying Quarter Master General-Colonel Wearin Sergeant Surgeon-Dr Duigan Chaplain vt the Forces-Dr Lang Barrack Mistress - Mrs Sparke "MY DEAREST PET." - "Our boy' is one of those favored mortals of whom it i written-"it is be:ter to l>e b-rn lucky thai rich". He has thc faculty of picking up and ap preprinting the choicest morceaux winch ma, chance to drop from tho hos ra or reticnle of th plighted fair tuc, or the vest-pocket of he enraptured swain. A few of these heart-trea sures, were blown by fortune's gentle gale int our boy's cager bands, during the pas: race week. These " missing documents" breath strains of impassioned ardour-combining th tenderne=s of a Paris, with the honied cloquenc of an Abelard, ami as such we cherish them fi future immortality in our column-. Tiley ar severally addressed "My Dearest Pet;" hearth aristocratic signature of F. G. H.; and ar dated from The Cafe. We know not wi h whie to sympathise most-the pathetic appeal of th gentleman to the cruel beauty, or the latter's ir flexible yet virtuous persistency in rejecting bi vows. "Oh Maria! remember yesterday"-br we must not anticipate thc treat we purpos providing for our readers in our next. DONK Bitowx.-A most singular instance < mistaken identification occurred the other day : our Quarter Sessions. A female of the name c I Mary Ann Brown was indicted for stealing 13 I from the person of one Henry Snow. Both Sno' and the policeman to whom she was given i charge, »wore positively that she was the perso ¡ who had committed tho theft, as he had recur, t niscd her the next day at thc Police Office, nu 1 had her taken immediately. The folljwin i curious scene took place : - Prisoner-It's not mc »ho did it-'twas an« ! ther woman of the same name, and she's in ga, i now. j Chairman - Arc you quite sure, Mr Snow, thi ; this is thc right woman ? Snow-No; the slightest doubt of it, I reco I lect her face, figure, dress, mid some lew othi et ceteras j Prisoner- 'Twasn't mc, I tell you-'twi I 'tother Mary Ann Brown. She came out in tl same ship with me, and «ho's in prison now. i Chairman-Don't make such ridiculous stati ment», woman. Policeman ! is this the rigi person ? Policeman.-Tn coorse it are, yonr vorship. I take my davy of it. How can "you stand ther you owdacious female, and look mc itt thc fae and go for to say os how jvu arn't the prig ? Prisoner-1 swear on the blessed book, " i help me never !" I'm 'tother Mary Ann Brow and t'other Mary Ann Brown's mc. Just ser and ax her, your li HUT. Chairman-It's only taking np thc time of tl Court. Mr Beverly.-Tncre is another woman in coi finement <>f the same name. [ Chairman-Let us have ycr produced then. In a few minutes the Governor of the Gaul h I another Mary Ann Brown led forward, and i -traduces her to the Court. Mr Snow-Shiver my topsails !-herc's a g< I Why, that's the very identical flute -woman, I mean-who took my money, or else it's h ! double-orelie it's her ghost-or else I'm nslei I and dreaming. Let the other one go, your wc ship, and belay this one. Policeman-Well, I never -did yon ever* this 'ere arn't thc real Simon Pure ! I didi think as how I could come for to go for to nm snch s bl-bl-ble.-£cd transmogrification. Tn about two pears I Why them'ere female worm is ns much alike ns mo and br ther Bill, wi died eight years ago, come next Queen's bir and new tog-out day ! Prisoner-Didn't 1 tell you she was me ? Plea your honer, can't I change sh- es with her ? Chairman-Gentlemen of the jury, you mt discharge the prisoner, and we will now try Ma Ann Brown, No. 2. In height and shape, both-Mary Anns we much alike, but very different in their physogs one being-fair and tho other dark. The cons quenco, however, of this remarkable error w thc acquittal of N". 2 also, os neither Mr Snc nor thc policeman were inclined to hazard swet ing very strongly to her personality, for fear the production of a Mary Ann No."3. LICIITEX OUR DARKNESS, WE BESEEC TITF.E!-Universal complaints are. made oft uncertain Gas supply hy the Company. At t Theatres, gay scenes are turned to somhre ont iu billiard rooms, a player hos to withhold I cue in ihc act of making a fancy stroke ; reading rooms, an nlisorbing page becomes su denlyn c nf used blank; in the street, there hardly light enough to sec the post that bears t lamp; and these changes come on in a rnome The fiult may lie with the' present small ga; meter; but is ic just to raise the price I thousand, when consumers cannot get a sufficii or steady light, and have frequently not til enough tb illumine a dip, before themselves a customers ore left in utter darkness? LOVER'S WALK LADS,--We cannot he expressing our indignation at the conduct certain cabbage-tree lads, who find a disgrace amusement in insulting any females who may walking on thc only clean and convenient pi ménade that Sydney possesses, and commoi called the Lovers' Walk? Nut only with viii: and disgusting jibe and jest, but with rude a indecent touch, do they Hssail any unprotccl woman; and wo sincerely regret that husbm and brothers are not always near, to chastise l winless blackguards. Our hand shall bc alwi ready for unso-yí/c-icnted redress; and onr i shall also mark the names of any of thc scot drels whom wc may recognise, or who may be ported to us. We trust that police will bc statiot un tho walk every Sunday evening. KILL KO BY A BC L toe IC.-On Wednes- day mprninz carly . nun ol" the cave of {lock- son wi» rushed by a bullock at the corner of the Njwtou lioid. and knocked down. The blow w»s on the brean, bat the violence of the üll caused concoi-ion oa the brain, and be «as picked up insensible. Mr Barham, who wit- nessed the sad accident, took bim immediately to his own house in the neighbourhood; and find- ing that be lived in Bathiirst-strcet, had hint afterwards conveyed to his home. He lingeicd, attended by Mr Johnson, in a speechless state till Ute in the afternoon, when he expired. He has been bat a sito: t time in thc colony, and we regret to say has left a wife and family to de- plore the lo-s of their snpjwrter.-{[Certain cir- cumstances, having reference to the medical gen- tlemen attendant upon the case, have been brought under our notice, t > which we shall allude next week.-Ki>». BX-SJ POLICE-OFFICE CONVEK* VTIOX. - Mr Roberts, who entered the C »a .? y^-tenlay after- noon some time after a m . i.t which he was concerned had bean initiated, in reply to Vr Nichols, on the othor side, objecting to his learned brother's ap;iearance, oh-erved that he had only been to luncheon, and if his friend. Mr Nichols, bad been, anil gone, and dose likewise, he would probably have been in a nure accom- modating hamoar. Mr Hill-'.You for.-ct, Mr Roberts, that Mr Nichols generally goes tiie pace like a thorough- bred raee-h'jrsç, on an empty stomach." Vr Roberts-"Perhaps y mr w;rship will bj kind enough to rhee« it. as I don't think such I an observation 'the real Stilton', and 1 actuallv ! left a ripe double Gloucester in my anxiety to be in time." j REDMAN IN THE Box, ROBERTS AT TUE BAB.-Thcsa rival aspirants f r legal hon I ors met yesterday at the Police-office, in the \ above relative positionand had a severe beat i for half an hour. Thc jaw of either champion was the principal mark at which each directed bis aim. and some cutting exchanges were made, i Roberts at the commencement staggered Red I man, who experienced a swimming in the head I which carried him for a time beyond his depth; j but on recovery he pitched into his opponent ; with very considerable effect. The result wai i that each was knocked out of time. j HAPPY EFFECT OF A HIGH EXAMPLE. .-"The fashion of the h mses of Bourbon an.l Orleans has been productive of good even in thii remote quarter of the glol>e- Yc-terday at tbs : Police- office *'r Hatband Thoma« exchan:^.! j salutations with Mr Bjrrister Holroyd. Th» 1 first advances were made hy the undertaker, win j hands meir promi-cd to bury past differences (if i any bad previously existed) in ohlivien. On« , of the gentlemen to whom we showed this para ; graph, observed that it was "all round tay hat" THE STANLEY ELECTION. - Major Prior, thc Returning Officer, has announced tbs results of the whole polling, as follows: Mr Hodcson. Dr Lang. Brisbane. 25 . 5.1 Ipswich. 20 . I Drayton ". 12 . S Total. 37 . - The votes being equal, the Returning Otnvr gave the costing tote in fav r of Arthur Hodg- son. Esq.. whom he accordingly declared tn !-. duly elected. It is the trcncml opinion that :!t: rettim of Mr Hodgson will be petitioned again?: by thc Lang party. . '* NOBODY BUT A PRINTER."-S;:-h was tho sneering remark of a person within ou: hearing, while referring to thc profession we fol- low with pride 'Nobody but a printer." in sooth! It makes our blood run rampant thrcroi our vein», to hear such expressions fall from the lips of those nursed on republican soil. '" No- body but a printer anyhow." Who was Benja- min Franklin? *. Nobody but a printer." Who was William Caxton, one of the fa'hers of literatn c? " Nobody but a printer." Who wis '. Karl Stanhope? " Nobody but a printer." Wl.> I Samuel Woodworth? "Nobody but a printer." ' Who was GovernorIîiglcr of Pensylvania? "Xo ¡ body hut a printer." Geo. P. Morris, Jamos i Harper, Thurl w Weed, Horace Greenly, Robot*. Scars, and senators Dix, Cameron, and Niles? "Nobody but printers." Who is Governor of . our own California? Why John Bigler-" no- body but a printer." Who stands f- rth as xht ; hright particular star in the Senate Chamber rf j Sacramento?-the yoting and brilliant CoiFroth ? -" nobody but a printer." Who erected thos-; marble palaces which adorn onr metropolis of the Pacific? Sam. Brannan-"nobody but a ' printer." Who was the lamented Gilbert, wh n the people of California sent to Washington ft" their first representative? "Nobody but a printer." One thing is evident, every one that ch oses can': bc a printer. Brains are necessary.-Cali/emii pxp.r. A very tragical affair took place a few dar? ago at Constantinople. Kiamil Pacha, son in law of thc celebrated Vehcmct Ali, and ex- minister of Commerce of thc Porte, murders;! in thc most atrocious manner a beantiful Circassian slave, of great accomplishments. His wife wa« absent at the time, and he attempted to criminalit as-ault the girl. The resistance she opposed «.> exasperated him, that he seized a dagger HTKÍ stabbed her in nine places The affair is kev: very secret; bnt the brothers of the girl have de- clared that they .will drag thc whole to light arl ohtain redress, or, according to Circassian lat*;, take vengeance themselves. ?THE CLOTH " AXD THE PLUSH.-Tn Swift'! time a chaplain was a meteclerical domestic, .~.:A some curates appear to bc little better no*. Did ever any one hear of an ordained valet ? Somebody wants to hear of such a servant how- ever, to judge tberefr m :-" Curacy, with Titi: for Holy Orders, in the Dioces of' Canterbury Remuneration-l>oard and lodging, and £'2ù annum. For further particulars apply to Mr Clnre Smith. Secretary to the Church of Knjland Club. 36. Southampton-street, Strand." The above is taken from the Time*. What is thc curate expected to undertake for £20 a-ycar ar.i his victuals ? Tho cure of souls-in the sen« of scraping them, perhaps, with thc addition»!. duty of polishing upper leathers. To answer the bell* that rings for prayers, peradventure-ani also that winch rings for got water. We shonli like t!> know whether the employer of snch J curate returns him in Assessed Tax Paper. w:: i a farther entry on his account under the head if hair powder.- h nglith paptr. 