WEEKLY SUMMARY FROM TEE ATL4S, SEPT. 2. FOREIGN AFFAIRS. Since the capture of Bomarsund there is nothing of importance to report re garding the war; the bulk of the fleets had left Ledsund for the Gulf of Fin land; but with what intention is not known. Negotiations have been car. ried on with the Swedish Government respecting the Aland Islands, but it would appear that we have not suc ceeded in gaining over King Oscar to join us against the Czar, for the islands are to be abandoned and the fortifica tions destroyed. So much for our vaunted proceedings in the Baltic. Something more important must be done in that sea ere the Emperor Nicholas is made to feel that we are in earnest with him. Although the Swed ish Government does not openly join our cause, the whole people are with us; as an instance of which we may men'ion that the Order of Peasants has addressed the King, praying that the Aland Islands may not be replaced under the domination of Russia. The long talked of expe-lition to the Grimea, about which so much doubt and uncertainty has existed, was positively to take its departure on the 30th ult., and, as we announced, we may expect to hear of its doings about the middle of the present month. It is composed of 70,000 men. In the meantime the enemy, profiting by the unhappy delays that have taken place is sending off the expedition, has taken great precautions to protect itself against the meditated attack, by strongly fortifying vulnerable points, and erecting batteries, redoubts, and lines of entrenchment at places which a month ago were in a very inefti cient state of d:fence. Luring the in activity of the allied troops they have been severely attacked by cholera, which has brought to the grave many a brave heart who would have gloried to die in action. The fleets in Baltchick Bay have also lost a great many of their men; but the French have suffered more than ourselves. A writer from Varna thus alludes to this melancholy state of thines : N"o words of mine could convey an idea of the, way in which our men are disheartened and dis oared by theirpresent stare of inactio. This is a humiliatig; confessin to make. bet it is strictly true. They would joyfully march on half rations to the Danube, to Odessa. to Arspa, or Sebastopol- anywhere or with anything,. only to escape from this pestilential hole, where they pine and sicken by hundreds, and see their comrades enried past then to be buried by doens day after day. The good spirits which formerly animated all when they thought they would soon have a brush with the enemy, are now gone, and a gloomy foreboding disposition. much of which is certainly owing to the general sickness, is rife through the different camps," Heavy complaints were likewise heard that every preparation for moving or provisioning the army was made as if the orders from home were to do it in the slowest way possible. The news from the principalities is that Omar Pasha has entered Bucha rest, where Austrian troops are expected on the 5th instant. They have taken the strictest measures to prevent a con flict with the Russians, or to impede is any way their retreat across the Fruth; and with this object Wallachia will at present receive but three Austrian bri gades; whilst Moldavia wi.l only be ectered when the Russian army has accomplished its retreat in safety. It turns out, therefore, as we have from the commencement led our readers to expect, that the Austrian troops have not set foot in the Principali ties with any warlike purpose-they will neither molest the Russian army, nor allow the Turks to molest them ;-con sequently, the occupation which we have promoted.will be infinitely more service able to Russia than to any one else. In corroboration of this we may call atten tion to the fact, that in a recent order of the day to the garrison of Odessa, it is stated that with the object of protecting the Principalities against an invasion of the Turks, the old ally of the Czar has undertaken to occupy them. Is this plain? The Turkish troops commenced their evacuation of Little Wallachia on the 20th ut., in order to make room for the Austrian ;-they will, however, retain possession of Giurgevo and several islands in the Danube. \- The lurkish army in Asia gives cause for much anxiety, from its complete want of organisation; but it is to be hoped that the last measure adopted at Cons'anrinople to remedy this state of affairs, will turn the fortune of war in its favour, for we regret to report two serious defeats at Bayazid and near Kars, in which great loss was ex perienced on both sides. It is worthy of remark, that the Russian bulletins actually rendered homage to the valour displayed by the Turks on this occasion, offering the bulletin states, " a. resistance which our veterans hadl never experienced from them." After the battle at Bayazid, the remainder of $elim Pasha's corps retired in the direc tion of Van, that Is to sey, further from Kars and the sea. ielim has sinci been dismissed from his post of com mander- in c'ief. There has leen some talc in diplo matic regions about the Emperor Nicholas showing an inclination to treat for peace by offering to accept the pro positions of the Four Powers as a basis ; but as far as we can jnudge, there is not at present anything likely to stay the course of hostilities. In Spain, afflirs are still in an unsatisfactory state, and already there is a likelihood of the Cahinet being re modelled. Several of the Clubs and Juntas have proved a source of diffi culty, and became so unruly that it has been found necessary to dissolve them. A circumstance whicl is not without its significance at the present crisis is, that Narvaez has applied to the Government for a passport to leave the country; but the most important item of intelligence refers Queen Christina, who has been allowed to leave Madrid with her head on her shoulders, and which she is not likely again to risk in the Spanish capital, after the state of alarm which she has rcc:ntly been subjected to. The fears appre hended in consequence of her sojourn in MLadrid have been fully realised, for no sooner had her departure become known than much diss ,tisfaction was expressed and a fresh insurrectionary movemelt took place, which, however, was spee lily put dowvn by the troops and national guards, who had to storm several barri cades which had been erected. How ever, as a sort of half satisfaction to the people, the suspension of the payment of Queea Christina's pension and the confiscation of her property has been decreed until the Cortes shall decide on the matt:r; and anyhow her departure must be a source of great relief to the Ministry. The capitalists of Madrid have cffered to advance to the Govern ment 56 millions of reals; a sum which will enable it to meet the most urgent demands, until such time as the re sources of the country are made avail able. The Emperor of the French returned to Paris on Monday last, but his stay was a short one, as he again left on Tnursday for the camp at Boulogne, where he is to be visited by King Leo pold and Prince Albert. The Empe ror's first act on his return was to ele vate General Baraguay d'Hilliers to the dignity of Marshal of France. General de Letang has prcc~eded on a mission from the French Government to the general in command of the army of occu pation in Wallachia. The Belgian Cabinet, presided by 31. de Brouckere, has resigned. The cause of this sudden step is stated to be the difficulties which the Ministry had to contend against on the subject of the oe ligious teaching by the clergy in the schools of secondery education. The Sardinian Government, in order to be agreeable to the Western Powers, has sent four war ships to the Arct.ipe lago to seek after the Greek pirates, whilst the English and French fleets are occupied in the Black Sea. A Convocation of Bishops is to take place at Rome in November next, at which each Catholic country will be re presented, invitations having been sent to two or th:e prelates of every nation in union with the Church or Rime. A univer-al jubilee is likewise anaounced for October or November, to obtain peace between Christian princes; the calming down of the spirit of revolt and sedition; the removal of the visitations of cholera and fatine; and the en lightenment of the Holy Ghost on the Pope in the dogmatic decision as to the immaculate conception--on which last point the Convocation of Bishops above mentioned .rill promulgate the belief of the church. The new Viceroy of Egypt has received his firman of investiture from the Porte, and set out for Constantinople on the 17th lnit., in order to thank the aeltan. He has been well received in the Tur kish capital. Letters from Mexico announce the cap ture of Litacuro by. the insurgents, in favour of whom the city of Taman!ipas had declared itself. Santa Anna will not permit any criticism of his acts, and has d-creed the expulsion of any foreigner who may indulge in any comment on the policy pursued by the present Dictator of Mexico. 