A PROPOSED GREEK EMPIRE. . ( From the Daily J/ews.) Tho English Missionaries of a cr usado to re establish a Greek Eupiro, with Constantinople for its capital, aro probably moro enthusiastic bookworms, ignorant of the world. The Greok adventurers, however, who have associated them- selves with these philo-Hellenes aro moro likely to be agents of Russia, seeing how many of their raco that unscrupulous power koopa ovor in its pay. It is not, indeed, possible that oven Russia can be so ignorant of the public opinion of Eng- land as to imagino that any considerable portion of tho community can bo gulled with visions of resuscitating the Byzantino Empira It is well known that john Bull is thoroughly and perma- nently sick of Greek bonds. But the Russian Government may Hatter itself that by throwing in an additional element of discord, public opinion in England may be so divided as to paralyse a na- tional resistance to its unprovoked aggressions on tho Danube. It is, therefore, worth while to waste a few words on tho nonsenso of a modern Greek Empire-not to instruct Englishmen, hut to ehow Russia and its agents that Englishmen seo through tho delusion. Our modern Byzantines' begin with the pro- position thnt tho Turkish empire is effete, and tliereforo unnblo to serve as a bulwark against tho extensions of Russia towards the weat. As- suming this to be proved, they next proposo to substituto a Greek empire in lieu of it. But the Greek empiro is not morely effete, it ia dead has Leon dead and buried for five li undi od years. Theso wise men would argue that bcomiso n man was (by their showing) too old and foeblo to act as constable, matters would bo mended by con- juring up tho ghost of his grandfather to servo in his stead. Lot us see ot what materials this Greok empiro is to bo composed. Tho kingdom of Greece has a trillo more than a million of sub- jeots of all rates. lu Turkey there aro in all about two millions of Greeks, one half of whom aro in Europe, and tho other half in Asia. Look- ing morely to number, it is obvious, that three millions of Greeks would be unable tn give the law permanently to twelve millions of Osmonlis, seven millions of Sclavonians, -five millions of Arabs-to say nothing of a miscellaneous five millions of Kurds, Armenians, Jews, and others. It is, howovor, less tho paucity of their numbers, than their moral charaoter, that unfits tho Greeks from becoming tho dominant race in a groat Eastern empiro. They havo been weighed in tho hillanco and found wanting. Thirty years have elapsed since the Greek rovolution, and what bavo thoy made of it. ' Even the paltry kingdom of Groece was not tholr work. All honour to tho bravo ma- rines and patriotic morchants of Hydra and Spo- lia ; all honor to the gallant inhabitants of Suli and l'arga ; all honour to tho fow bands of Kleptbs, with a dash of Robin Hood or Rob Roy sentiment in them, scattered through mountain Greece 1 But when wo have enumerated thoso, wo hnvo enumerated all who in earnest struggled against Turkish rulo. Tho mass of tho Greeks, if stung for a moment into enthusiasm and valor hy tho oxamplo and exhortations of thoso fow, speedily rolapsed into their natural apathy und timidity. Had not tho Turkish flcot boen de- stroyed at Navarino, and had not tho Christian Towers interfered, tho wholo of Groece would have boen reconquered by the Turks. And what progress has that factitious oreaturoof Western diplomacy, tho kingdom of Grceoo, with its Ger- man Sovereign, mada in tho dovolopmout of ita resouroos, olovation of its people, or oousolidutlon of its institutions? Tho proposal to resuscitate tho Grook Empiro ia indeed a dream. The modern Greek is a Greek in littlo moro than lan- guage and religion. By lineage ho is moro than half Solavonian. Moro imro Greok blood ia to bo found in tho Osmanli villages of Aila Minor than in tho Morea. In tho narrativos ol' successive travellon for tho laBt twocouturies, it is easy to trace tho progresa of conforming to the religion of tho dominant raco by vi ll iago after vilTlago of tho Greeks of Asia Minor. Thoy -tho Greeks nf puroat desoent-are now not to bo distinguished from other Osmanli?, either by langnago or religion, whilo the Grcok-spoaklng Christians of Morea Alto«, and Boodia uro two thirds Sclavona by desoent. The conforming descendants ot tho Asiatio Grcoks havo acquired tho proud manly cbaraotor of a dominant rnoo ; tho Greok in language and faith rotain tho vices of an onilavcd people, oontruted even boforo tho fall of tho Bysautino empire, and aggravated by their ;subjcotlon first to Italian and latterly to Turkish masters. Tho pretext that tho diffusion of Ghrljtlanlty would bo promoted by tho substitution of a Greek for n Turkish empire docs not onll for refutation. Tho Grock Chuuch is soasoely less allen to tba spirit of Christianity than Mahomodonism. Both aro based upon Christianity-both recognise tho Inspiration of tho Jewish and Christian Scriptures; mid what Mahomedanism has added is not moro at variance with tho truths oontainod in those writings than tho .sensolesB legends of tho G rock Church. In fact Mahomet was first prompted to tako upon him tho ofüee of tho founder of a new faith by tho wretched perversion ot tho Greek and Syrian Cliurohoa in bia day. Though bis porsonal vanity or ambition misled him into the assumption of tho eharaetor of inspired prophet, ha bad pro 1 vlously discarded many of th« mort fooUak and blasphemous additions which Greek ind Syrian priests bad made to tbe pure and simple doc- trines of Christianity. And to this day if tbe Greek and the Musanlmen aro observed in tbe most favourable circumstances for each-away from the contaminations of debauched capitals the latter will be found more manly and rational in his tbcolegical opinions than the former, sud superior to bira in practical morality. 