THE HIGH SCHOOL. We now proceed to discuss with a brevity, we fear, very disproportionate to the importance of the subject, the remaining topics connected with the above establish ment. It will be remembered that we have already summarily reviewed the unchristian motives, which gave origin to this educational institution, and we have glanced at the object sought to be consummated, namely, the exclusive doininancy of Presbyterianism over the other equal denominations. It now remains for us to touch, in a very few words, upon three other points of view, at once suggested by this subject—namely, first, the latitudinarian looseness of the religious basis of the High School. Secondly, the initiation and developement of its views and objects by men, themselves uneducated ; and thirdly, the utter barrenness of the results of such a hollow routine of educational system and discipline as was adopted in the said institution. Now as to its sceptical latitudinarianism and negative incredulity. Dr. Crooke has observed, in his otherwise most excellent and spirited and seasonable observations, at the public meeting, held in the High School—"The Churchman, the Presbyterian, the Methodist, and the Roman Catholic were all met together on the same ground !" We observe that our contemporary, the Advertiser, has remarked in a valuable leader on this subject—" the principles on which the school was founded were fallacious." \\\ And a more truthful, or mbre important remark was never made. We trust that the Advertiser made this just criticism, keeping in view the religious principles sought to be there promulgated. From that day to the present, we have always been staggered at Bishop Nixon's conduct upon the day of opening of the High School. His Lordship was not present — duties, it was said for the Bishop, imperatively demanded his presence in the country. However, he de- 0ne of Ws respectable clergy, Mr, Bucklako, to be his representative on that important occasion, who, in the presence of that fast assembly, did spealc, and by the Bishop's comnand, as proxy, conveyed to the mstitutionliis Lordship's " blessing!" Within a few days, it was at the same time known, that the Bishop most severely reprobated, in a discourse of great eloquence and ability, in behalf of charity schools, in St. George's Church of this city, the godless principles of this same High School, and all other such infidel establishments. The astonishment, there- of the Bishop, in such paradoxical contrariety, was a common topic bf conversation. It has been said, indeed, that the Bishop's " blessing" was in consistent keeping with the varying contradictory rule of faith in tbe establishment, and ao perfectly harmonising with tbe High -School itself. Has not thfe Bishop, it has been asked, in apology, in the progressive enlightenment and requirements of die age, suited his theology to the shifting changes of die passing times? Has not his Lordship held fast his clergy, to keep to their oaths of obedience to his apostolic authority—has he not called uponthein, by the most sacred behests of the church, to light earnestly for and to uphold to death, the faith, once delivered to the saints, and yet, with thai courteous andtiinely condescension, fitted lie so adiainbl; fijr i ^ m l *f? t granted a dispensation to the flock of his apostolic vineyard, to prescribe to their guides just what quality of instruction and peculiarities ot doctrine they are disposed to receive and obey - an indulgence only the other day Teiteir&ted; by Archdeaean DAVIES.—" I'deem it advisable, (says the Bishop,) to recotimend that in giving books, especially memorials <,f instruction or devotion to the young, within your cure, you should previously consult the wishes ol their parents or guardians." (Archdeacon Dames' Letter, in Answer to Nr. Wnlltam Valentine, in Courier, 5th January.) Now, however popular tliis accommodating principle may be, and gratifying to the excited passions of men, yet, we venture to say, such a fitful process is as contrary to the divine rule of the Apostles, for the propagation of unity in churches, as the loose system of religion, as professed to be taught in the High School, is at once utterly destructive to all the interests of vital Christianity, and the consistency of even moral truth and principle. What "common groUnd," as Dr. Crooke alleges, can there be of religious belief amongst all these conflicting parties ? Does not an impassable barrier, virtually, separate them all ? Is it not avowed, too, even by those parties -themselves, that that barrier is framed and set by the Creator as a broad line of demarcation ? Is it then as nothing — is it -to be set at nought—is it not to" be ' confessed—is no testimony to be borne to it — is the truth of God, the treasures of heaven, the basis of all faith, to be so sacrificed on an altar of temporising expediency and Calculating worldliness f Will the "Catholic" enter a School, where a version of the Sacred Scriptures can alone be used, as he believes, which is corrupted and mutilated, even in whole Books, blasphemously dishonoring to the Holy Ghost ? We pass by the present Sovereign Pontiffs special disapprobation of all such mixed - systems of education. Can the 'Churchman' show his face, where even his two Sacraments dare not be enforced though, as his Church upholds,they are " generally necessary to salvation ?" Can the "Methodist" meet the "Calvinist Independent" and "Presbyterian," when his Wesleys and Fletchers awfully exposed the antinomian horrors and impiety of their creeds and teachings 1 Can the endowed " Kirk," and the "Free Churchman" or "Voluntary," meet on " commonground," when "treason" against the King of Heaven, is, as alleged, being committed by the members of the State Kirk ? What are all such fusions?. Are they not the essence of some species or other, of temporising apostacy ? Can any educational boon be realized of service to man, wlifch shipwreck is thus made of the faith of God—without which faith, clear and precise and assured, it is utterly impossible to please Him 1 Will royn take pleasure in any prospect, however goodly, which incurs at once, the frowning wrath of Omnipotence ?• In all such projects what else can be expected, than the result of confusion and erery evil work 1 Can we be surprised that some mire artful—some more ambitious party than the rest, take advantage of the yielding laxity of bis unwary fellows, and craftily jump up into an exclusive domineering ascendancy, by the prerogatives o'f Rectorships, Headships and other such irapos'ng vani'/? But as foi\/l uneducated Council, er committee, of direction and management —what crn be more preposterous T The Senatus Ac.idemicus, or learned and experienced representatives of the universities, at home, have exclusive cognizance over all systems of education. Here,' as elsewhere, what searching enquiries 'are requisite for the formation of youthful minds and the future man f Grave atten tion must be paid to capabilities, mental and physical, ol the young —their moral and internal conformation —tbe assistances or resistances of social or domestic influence—considerations of future prospects, personal and social— tbe chances of retardation or progress— tbe special habitudes of society—the nature of the needful discipline (or checks, or stiraulanis, or development— the peculiar studies, in quality and quantity, apportioned to social aud progressive req irements—all these, and many more, supply materials for the solemn scrutinizing consideration of all such couiluittees. What pretensions, had any committee of the High School, to such qualifications? Are we to judge of those committees by Mr. Procter? 'Mr. Procter affirmed in his spoech— " One thing he must say, that they had not earned out the qbjecls of the Institution ; they had made it a school Toi lit lie boys, when it might barb been .an tuure'iity J'' Now, we reply, did ever one scholar, even when finished, leave that High School, sufficiently instructed in |>>epar&. tor} studies, to cominenco even an initiatory collegiale tJacation, in either Oxford or Cambridge ? At-this moment, is there a student, ih sTl the schools or colleges, throughout this whole colony, qualified io be admitted as a simple student in the university or Dublin ? We feel satisfied, that no scholar ever left the High School, who would not have required at least three years additional study, to obtain even an ciitrancft s a qualified student, into that distinguished university ! Now, what mart can be said ? '1 hen, as to the studies or discipline of ilie High Schuol. ~ The insolent insubordination of its scholars, is now everywhere even proverial They rioted, in the presence of their superiors, and at their defiance, in unchecked license. What of its studies? Did any boy ever read even bift ovt hook of Hor ce or Virgil, in Latin - or a book of Homer or a tragedy of lituipides, in Greek within itstvulls? Did any boy ever ctiiicnlly read oven one of the Gospels in Greek ? Was one hour's instruction ever given in cither Greek, or Latin, versification ? We hear of Head Masters there, distinguished with liii;h mathematical honors —presiding over the scholars. Well, did ever a single boy tolie a solitary problem in quadratic equations, algebraic geometry, spherical trigonometry, the differential or integral calculus? Could any one detail, upon examination, the elementary principles of ordinary mechanics, optics, hydrostatics, or even astronomy ? Is not ignorancc—dense nnd palpnble, and fearful—the common portion alike of ibe whole students f What, indeed, if one'master " lecturo u- on siomiB," or has reaped " hiyh mathematical Cambridge honors!"— knowledge, as hus been said of money is oi' very little worth, except, like manure, it be generally spread. And when we hear of " Cambridge honors" it is wholly delusive. We have absolutely'known men, so honored, who could not conjugate i-ven a Latiu -erb—or actually decline a Latin noun! Are such men, ihen, capable of disciplining minds, to keep race with (he varied literature, the political sciences) the enligh ened philos>|>hy, the artistic progress, the innumerable speculations that now enter into all the suljects of our social progress? Our youths are rot all designed for surveyors or carpenters. A move excursive range flat] mere mathematics is needful. Those branches are indispensub e, some or many, which ilie greatest lights of our age—or ofpast limes—have almost a one possessed, namely ethics, jurisprudence, history, peliiicul philosophy, belles letirei, oratory, naiurul history, and others < f such kindre i stamp:—these furnish the mind with a boundless range of ideas, enal.tlie imagination, cultivate the understanding, and, aided by pure religion, as n directing guide, refine the heart, polish the manners, and confer power—great and varied ! Oil all such points we pronounce, that the High School has demonstrably—has most signally and disgracefully failed. 