COLONIAL CHURCH BILL. [From the Morrdnq Chronicle of March 7. i The Ecclesiastical Hills at present before l ariia- : nient will bear a general as well as a specific ex amination. The only Government measure is the "Colonial Clergy Disabilities BiiL" It would, per haps, be too much to call this an enabling. Bill—all that it amounts to is, that it rem tves, or rather nega tives, a supposed disability. Inasmuch as certain doubts exist, this measure proposes to dissipate them, All that ic aims at is to lay the ghost of an unsubstantial and shadowy suspicion; and it is, in this respect, a legislative curiosity, especially as con trasted with its predecessors of the sessions of 1852 and 1853 respectively. Its preamble is brief:— " Whereas doubts exist as to the rights of the bishop3, clergy, and lay persons inhabiting the colo nial possessions of Her Majesty, and being in com munion witti tlie (Jburch of England, in regard to! the management of their. internal ecclesiastical \ affairs; and whereas it is expedient that, under cer- ~ tain restrictions, they should be permitted to make regulations for the said management by agreement among themselves, be it declared," &c.; This recital we conceive to be an improvement <>n that which ushered in Mr. Gladstone's Biil-f 1852, which rested the doubts respecting the rights of the Colonial Chnrch on the Tudor enactments. The present measure simply recognises the existence, without saying anything about the reasonab'euess, of the doubts in question ; and it certa'nl.' does not imply —which the Bill of 1852 did—that, by any operose construction, the submission of the Clergy Act under Henry VIIL could possibly fetter the Au-tralian Church of the present day. After this cautious -preamble follows the solitary clause:—" No statute, law, rule, usage, or other authority of the United Kingdom shall extend or he construed to prevent the Metropolitan of any pro- | vince, or the Bishop of any diocesin the colonies of! Her Majesty, together with bis clergy and the lay j persons of such province or diocese, being members ; of the United Church of England and Ireland, from meeting together from time to time for the purpose, at such meetings, of making or entering into any such regulations, agreements, or arrangements as local circumstances shall, in their judgment, render necessary for the management or conduct of eccle siastical affairs within such province or diocese. Provided always, that such meetings, or the regola tions, agreements, or arrangements that may be made thereat* shall not obtain Vany foreedr authority from the"enactments hereby made." More the Bill does not propose; and this brevity we conceive to lie the very essence of wisdom. The Church in the colonies is simply told to do what she can, and wb-it she pleases. L>ike all other persons or corporations, civil or religions, she must, of course, keep within the law; and if anything is enacted in ecclesiastical assemblies contrary to the supremacy of the Queen or the law, she must answer for tliis illegal act, just as every other body must. The Church is, in short, thrown back upon her own spiritual and inalienable functins. .She is left to settle her own disputes, provide for her own necessities, expand or contract, advance or fall back, upon her own responsibility. The Imperial Parliament does not profess to legalise whatever by laws or internal provisions the Australian or Cana dian Churches may, in their wisdom—or, as some may think, in their lack of wisdom—agree upon. The Church is remitted to its own self-control, like other voluntary associations. If it uses such liberty wisely and well, it will advance by the use of delib ;ra ive assemblies—if unwisely, it will suffer. But the Sta'e refuses to be responsible for its success or faihue; and as to all internal regulations, the State declines to enforce them. All this must be left to the discretion and experience of the Chuich's own mem b.rs ; au.i its own members are those who choose to accept its order and its laws. It is not likely that the Church iu Canada, any more than in the United States, will agree upon any constitution or by laws detrimeutil to it* own efficiency; but, if it does, it must take the consequence—its own members, who are alone responsible, will lose confidence in it and desert it. How the Church is to enforce its own legis lat'on on its own members, it mil be for the Church, as it has been for all other religious bodies, to settle— Parliament declines to meddle in the matter. It seems scarcely possible for the most obdnrate wilful ness to see, iu snch a measure as this, anything like an attempt to erect a dominant Church among, the free institutions of our colonies. It contrasts well with the Archbishop of Canter bury's Bill of last session. That measure came out with the disadvantage of being manifestly a reluc tant concession. It did not treat the colonies with confidence. It set up all sorts of onerous and nar row-minded restrictions. It stereotyped, the idea of a C- lonial Church Legislature as somethmg fixed and unelastic, and improvised a doctrinaire constitu tion, one and indivisible, for ice-bound Canada and tropical India. It very unwisely provided for the mutual relations between the Colonial Church and the Church Legislature, which the respective parties can settle for themselves, in Toronto and Sydney, infinitely better than we can in Westminster. It implied, too, a jealous and unreasonable claim for a hyper- Papal jurisdiction on the p srt of the single See of Canterbury. We certainly hope that lay representatives will, in some way, find their place in a Colonial Church Legislature; but we had rather that this and all such arrangements were self-deve loped in the colonies. It is possible that the regula tions of last year's Bill were, in the main, judicious, and we spoke of them as such at the time; but, on all accounts, it is better for the colonies to make, rather than take, their Church constitution. 