\- THE HAPPY FAMILY.» . (From the Church Record ) One rof the strange and novel sights of London is au exhibition bearing this desig- nation. Beasts and birds, natural enemies to each other, are confined in the samo cage, and maintain most loving harmony. The exhibitor, by some invisible influence, without changing their natures, has suc- ceeded in restiaining their destructive propensities. An experiment of a similar character has been tried with a like success in this island, only on beings of a higher order. The odium theologicum having be- come proverbial, the Colonial Govern- ment, either from a desire to remove this, or from some other motive, sought out some potent spell to keep in check religious animosities to which «¡ifierence of creed has in ¿other places given birth. Some men may possibly look upon this result as an inestimable advantage, arising out of our state- endowment of differing creeds. But is the peace which thus exists real or feigned ?< Have the adherents of the ' three Churches come to regard their anta- gonistic tenets with greater leniency ? or, J deriving their sustenance from the same ' p source, is it from love »or from fear that, j they co- operate to uphold each, the con- " tradictory creed of his neighbour ? In one word, ave they acting i consistently and honestly with their avowed convictions, or are they acting out a system of practical imposition and pretence ? We are not anxious to engender strife among Christian men. We have from the / beginning exerted ourselves to diffuse a sary to probe the wound to sàWtne "life. We do not value a hollow pfivce, «nd -_ cannot always utter smooth w^Jgi-^Zï*^ contend for the first principle &O;: / and »U^on-TRUTH and PURITY out these as the basis, no febrii °VT ". i*n be secure. Holding Haf *n/[ de_ trovertible axiom, tve I^^fS^ precatedthe perpeíuatmn/fo«^^ - , ecclesiastical ««W^g^J^rW» ceed to prove, «?jimmpdehab» m*^ ^ how fuôle all efforts ffi^jSfflw. * ",; the truth, and toeffect iteal ChTÄh»r) (without deciding what w on°J^flinationB, ; by subsidising J whgiou8«Jdav ^^ who, iu the^it^rtAtedsfajo^ wi^ the matiee each other, wejj ^ Beenf 1¡aA Roman, Catholics. J&naiaries; mainly of while willing ta of¿5texplicitly shut them Protestants, they£f ^^^^ The creed o«t »ma ." Condenses the leading dogmas of Romanism, and Romish priests and bishops at their ordination adopt them :—"I do at this present, freely profess and sincerely hold this true Catholic faith, with which no one can be saved, and I promise fesüÄfas^S ' which is one of the most solemn excom- municaftôn of the Roman Church against all who disown the assumed Rights of the by Urban VH. in 1627, wi|h the following clause inserted :-«}We excommunicate and anathematize, in the name of Sod Almighty, Father* Son and Holy Ghost, and by the authority of the blessed Apos- ties Peter and Paul, and by our own, all Hussites, Wickliffites, Lutherans, Züing lians, Calvinists, Huguenots,Anabaptists, Trinitarians, and Apostates from the faith, and all other heretics, by whatsoever name they are called, and of whatever sect they may be. The Anglican Episcopalians are included in this ban in common with all sects, We pass on now to their Canons and Constitu- tions, as an edifying exhibition of the lex Talionis. To the following, among others, every Tractarian. Evangelical, High Church, Low Church, and Broad Chürch clergyman, has subscribed :— Al Canon 3 Whosoever shall hereafter affirm, that the Church of England, by law established under the King's Majesty, Is not a true Apos. tohcál Church, teaching and maintaining the doctrine of the Apostles ; let him be excommunt cated ipso facto, and not restored, but only by th« Archbishop, after his repentance, and public révo- cation of this his wicked error 4\. Whosoever shall hereafter affirm, that the form of God's worship in the Church of England established by law, and contained in the Buok of Common Prayer and ¡ Administration of Sacra- ments, is a corrupt, superstitious or unlawful worship of God, or contameth anything in it" that is repugnant to the Scriptures, let him be excom jnuuicated, &c.; 7\. Whosoever shall hereafter affirm that the government of the Church of England under his Majesty by Archbishops, Bishops, Deans, and Arch deacons, and fhe rest that bear office in the same, isantichristiin and repugnant to the word of God, i let him be excommunicated, &c.; HO. If the Churchwardens, or Queatmen, or Assistants, do or shall know any man within this parish, or elsewhere, that is alunderer of the Word of God to be reid or sincerely preached, or of the execution of these our Constitutions, or a fautor of any usurped or foreign power, by the laws of this realm justly rejected and taken away, or a defender of Popish and erroneous doctrine, they shall detect and present the same to the Bishop of the diocese, or Ordinary of the place, to be cen- sured and punished according to such ecclesiastical laws as are prescribed m that behalf. In these and other canons, all Romanists and Presbyterians, as well as nonconfor roing Protestants, are excommunicated. The 33rd Article defines what this ex- communication is : " That person who, by open denunciation of the Church, is rightly cut off from the unity of the Church, and excommunicated, ought to be taken of the whole multitude of the faithful as a heathen and publican, until he be openly reconciled by penance, and received into the Chuich by a judge that hath au thou ty thereunto." We append to this part of the'Bishop's ordination vow. The Archbishop 'en- quires, "Are you ready, w,ith all faithful diligence, to banish and drive away all erroneous and strange doctrines contrary to God's Word, and both privately and openly to call upon and encourage others to do the same i" The Bishop answers, "I am ready, the Lord being my helper." Every priest makes a similar declaration. We now turn to the Presbyterians, and on looking into certain documents of "public authority in the Church of Scotland," wo find an illustration of Milton's remark that too often " presbyter is but priest writ largo." The Confession of Faith (chap. 23, sect. 5) affirms that the civil magistrate " hath authority, and it ia his duty to take order, that unity and peace be preserved in the Church, that the truth of God be kept, pure and entire, that all blasphemies and heresies be suppressed, all corruptions and abuses in worship and discipline pre- vented or reformed, and all the ordinances of God duly settled, administered, and i observed. For the bettor effecting whereof, lie hath power to call synods, to be present at them, and to provide that whatsoever j. is transacted in them be according to the ' \ mind[of God." In chap. 25, sect. 6, it is \ eaid, «There is no other head of the Church \ but the Lord Jesus Christ : nor can the \ Pope of Borne in any sense be head thereof ; \ but is that anti-Christ, that man of sin and \son of perdition, that exalteth himself in \the Church against Christ, and all that is led God j" and in chap. 29, sects. 2 and " The Popish sacrifice of the Mass, as ey call it," is pronounced ','inost abomi IWy injurious to Christ's one only sacri fiV¡ the alone, propitiation for all,the sins of Wie elect," i and transubstantiation "is repWant not to Scripture alone, but even to ciimon senie and reason ; overthroweth the tkture of the Sacrament, and hath been, | and is, the cause of manifold superstitions, yea, of gross idolatries." But the " National Covenant" particularises at greater length various blasphemies and heresies which it is the duty <f the civii magistrate to suppress. \ t But. in spedsl,.wettest and refuse the usurped authority «fin* Roman Antichrist upon the scrip tures of God, ¿pon th¿ Wrk-, the elia magistrate, wadeupoa»^ Be0». docwu^ ^^ J X " -? we/ect stncti .n,ouon and obedience to the JaY, fte nature, number, and use of the holy abcrhennV his five billard sacrament», with all hi» rita cereoonie», jpd Aute doctrine, added to the mioikrationqf the Tfi »»crament« without the word of God\ his ' judgment against infants departWiwitW kcrament ; fan absolute necessity o/ibapthm ; Jjâphemous opinion of transnbstaitiation, Cr realp>«ence Of Christ*« body in'thf ciments, and riMving of the san». Vr-^iw&k;«! --«-.. of mel his dispeoMtfon» with soletLJ x juries,! nd degree» of marrisge forbid! /word ¡a» cruelty »gainst the innocent bis dearth mt*»; bis blasphémons prk» uisj ' j h's pr≠ Merinos for das of the dead and Ok\ quick;|us canonisation of men; calling upon angels fe laint» deputed, worshipping of imagery, relicksj and croise» ; dedicating of kirk», altar«, days, flows to ' creatures ; bil purgatory, prayer« for the dead ; praying or speaking io a strange ItngMje, with hi» processions and bUspbemou» litany1, and multitude of advocate» or medUtora; hi« manifold order«, auricular confession ; hi* desperate and uncertain repentance; hi«general «nd doubUome faith; his »»Usfcctioni of men for their lint; bia justification bv work«. «.-'--' turn. »*? -* »«* wofaHn-, ¿ffig of .PW»», erossin*, say. i .2°" Mata»' »iÄn»"' "H»»!*» ofGo5>«l 1 -1 (wicked hierarchy) hisJhree;solemn vows,"wlth_ altTiTs*ïiiavellD,gï'of "sundry sort* ; his erTonëouT and -, bloody decrees made, ¿t Trent, with all the s ubscriberâ'W approvers of ant cruel and bloody band,"conjured^against the kirk of God, j A.nd finally, we detest ,all his; vain allegories,) rites; signs, and traditions brought in the kirk, without or against the word of Goa, and doctrine of this true reformed kirk ; to the which we join our- selves willingly, in dootrme, faith, religion, dis* clpline, and us»"of the,holy sacraments, as lively members of the same ia Christ our head t pro4 raising ¿and swearing« by the great name of the Lord our God, that we shall continue in the obe- dience of the doctrine and discipline of this kirk, and shall defend the same, according to our voca bon and power, all the days of dur lives ; under tbe pains contained m the law, and danger both of body'and soul in the day of God's fearful judgment! ^ We shall only further cite the second clause of the " Solemn League and Cove- nant wherein we all subscribe, and each one of us for himself, with oui' hands lifted up to the Most High God, do swear," That we shall in like manner, without respect of persons, endeavour the extirpation of Popéry, Prelacy, (that is Church government by Aich bishops, Bishops, their Chancellors and Com- missaries Deans, Deans and Chapters, Archdea- cons and all other ecclesiastical officers depending on that hierarchy,) superstition, heresy, schism, profaàeness, and whatsoever shall be found to be contrary to sound doctrine and the power of god- liness ; lest we partake in other me i's s ne end thereby be in danger io receive of their plagues i und that the Lord may bu one, and His name one, in the three kingdoms. How the clerical subscribers of these respective standards can uphold and piont by a system which devotes the public money to the propagation of opinions*tiny have denounced in such unmeasured lan- guage, with the solemn formality too of oaths, and upon so sacred an occasion ns t}ie assumption of ministerial > orders ; how these things can be, will one day ex- cite more astonishment than toe now feel, when we read of the tortures, massacres, and persecutions that have been perpetra- ted by bigots, who thought they weio only " doing God service," and illushnting the principles of the benignant Saviour. I3 it "righteous oveimuch" to confess our thorough disgust when we see teachers of religion putting such flagrant dis- honor upon reason, - truth,-morality? Can anything be moie promotive of that modern indifferentism which has not even the honesty of naked infi- delity ? Holy professions and honest principles,-what can men think of them but as things whose true estimate, like the auguiies of Cicero's friends, is an open secret. There was a time when, like Milton's eagle, the Chuich did at least profess to soar heavon-ward, and scale her eyes at the fountain of light and truth-truth was her high aim and pub- lished ambition. But her nature would seem to be changed. Bather like Carlyle's greedy ostrich she bas become intent mainly *on a whole skin and earthly provender by no means nice as to the nature of the subtances on which she exercises her hard digestion. Hard pressed by an accusing conscience, and a pursuing Nemesis, she hides her silly head in the money-bags of the treasury, and sees no danger. With head in the yellow sands, and back towards the sun, so she awaits her destinies and fulfils her mission. 