SiunrL Coroners' Inquest. — An Inquest was held on Wednesday morning at tho Waterman's Arms, Liverpool-street, be fore A. B. Jones, Esq., coroner, on tho body of Mr. Robert Cleary, chief mate of tlio barque " Einu. It appeared that lato on Monday evening, as he was going on board his vessel, he fell from the plank, bringing with him in his fall tho watch man who was assisting him to cross from tho slioro to the barque. The watchman escaped, but the unfortunato Mr. Cleary sunk to rise no more. Tho body had not been found until lato on Tuesday evening. A verdict of "accidental death" was delivered. Agricultural Association— The Members of the Southern Tasmanian Agricultural Association, held, a meeting at tho Mechanics' Institute, on Tuesday last. In consequence of the inclemency of tho weather, the attendance was not so numerous as might have been expected. The chair was taken by His Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor, at about a quarter past eleven o'clock ; and the rules and regulations drawn up by the provi sional committee, for the regulation of the society, were read, and considered seria tim ; after the 'usual vote of thanks to the chairman, the meeting broke up. Great Midland Steeple Chacb. — Tho immense success attendant oil the first meet, has induced the sporting gentry to come forward handsomely to maintain the character of tho Midland district for tho year 1855. The prizes to be offered on that occasion will be £350 to the first horse ; £150 to the second ; and £75 to the third. No entrance money, but every subscriber of £5 to be entitled to run a horse. Kangaroo Point Steamer. — The steamer Venus commenced on Saturday last plying between Hobart Town and Kangaroo Point, and with every prospect of encou ragement. On Sunday last some hun dreds of our fellow citizens and their fa milies availed themselves of the opportu- ni.y of visiting tho beautiful locality of Kangaroo Point. Nature Printino.— Some very interest ing lectures aro now being delivered at the Polytechnic Institution, especially ou one called "Nature Printing," discovered by a German. It is for copying plant spe cimens of different things, and printing from the copy. Tho way in whith it is dono is as follows : — Tho plant or leaf is placed upon au even plato of Britannia metal, ail ver, or other metal not too tough . A plate of very hard steel is placed upon the leaf or plant, and tho whole subjected in a press constructed for the purpose, to a pressure of 8 or 10 tons ; it will then be found that the thing to be copied will have beon driven into tlio softer metal without in tlio slightest degree injuring the most delicate of the leaves ; and from tho plato so obtained, thousands of im pressions can be taken, aud look like the plants themselves. I saw several beautiful specimens of laco done in the. same way, A'very easy and beautiful way to do this on a small scale, is to take a piece of gutta percha cut to the size required, ami sof tened by being placed in hot water ; on this lay" the thing to be copied, and place it between two pieces of uietal, with a weight upon tlietn ; when it is cold tho leaf may bo washed out of the gutta percha, and several very beautiful pictures can bo printed from it ; if it is blackleaded or electrotyped it will be much better. — Ex tract of a Letter received by our C'orrespon- pent, dated August 30. Gold Discovery. — On Monday evening, pursuant to adjournment, a public meet ing of all interested in the gold discovery, was held at Mezger & Basstian's, Argyle- street. The chair was taken by Dr. Cruuko, who expressed his firm belief that the great desideratum of a paying gold-field had at length been discovered, which would be a source of almost boundless wealth to tho colony, and he hoped that there would be no remissness oil the part of the citizens in supplying the means of forwarding a party to explore tlio locality. Several gentlemen addressed the meeting, all apparently confident of the successful I results of sending out the exploring party, and a committee was appoiuted to collect subscriptions for the purpose. The meet ing then adjourned for a week, in order to give the committno time to collect sub scriptions, and make the necessary ar rangements. Steam to Sydney.— The repairs of the Iron Tasmania aro now almost completed, and tho Tasmanian Steam Navigation Company have decided upon placing this vessel in the Sydney trade. This will bo a great benefit to tho community, aud we sincerely trust may prove equally advan tageous to the company. More Absconding. — Last week five or six prisoners succeeded in bolting from Port Arthur, and arc still at large in the neighbourhood of Pittwater, where they arrived in a canoe, which they had seized. All the available constabulary have been put in motion, and scores of thtin 'arined to the teeth' aro scouriug the country. This wholesale system of absconding causes great annoyance to Mr. Hampton aud his subordinate Mr. Boyd. TnEATRE. — On Monday evening the tragedy of " Jack Cade" was repeated, and with triumphant success. There is some incongruity in the plot, but this is amply compensated by the extreme beau ty of the language and tho interest of the situations. Mr. Waller personated the hero in a manner that left nothing to bo desired, it was indeed a magnificent piece of acting. Tho character of Marianme is scarce worthy tho talent of Mrs. Waller, but tho great genius of that lady was never more apparent thau iu raising" tlio part to a level with the hero, investing it with a beauty, pathos, and sublimity of which we could scarcely have believed it tuscep- tiblo ; all the characters were well sup ported, and the pieco wont off remarkably woll. The " Dancing Barber" concluded the entertainments ; the Narcissus of Mr. Parry affording universal satisfaction and amusement. On Wednesday Shakspenre's " Hamlet," was presented, and rarely have weonjoyed so rich a treat as Mr. Waller's personation of this ar.hu ui cliaraetor ; we will not say it was perfect, but we do uot remember in the tout ensemble, ever to have seen it better played ; Mrs, Waller as Ophelia adds fresh laurels to the wreath of fame she has so nobly won. The Ho ratio of Mr. Turner was a very good piece of acting ; and Mr. Lewis as the Ghost was excellent ; Mr. Graham as Claudius was perfectly at home; Mr. Welsh as Polonious deserves great praise for his per formance of this very difficult part ; Mr. Cox played Laortes with considerable taste and judgment, and wo need scarcely say that Mr. Tuthill as Ascauius and after wards as the grave digger, acquitted .him self to tho satisfaction of the audience. " Tho Swiss Cottage" concluded tho per formances, Mrs. Waller sustaining the character of Lisette, with that vivacity and archness that is so conspicuous in her play ing of comedy. To- morrow evening Mr. Walle takes his farowell benefit, on which occasion Bourricault's admirable comedy of " London Assurance," will be produced for the first time, introducing to the notice of tho public Mr. Jackson (a pupil of the celebrated G'oppin), in the character of Dolly Spanker, together with the favourite comedietta of " Perfection." We antici pate a bumper house on the occasion. Narrow Escape from Diiownino.— Yesterday one of the shipwrights lads'engaged in the necessary repairs on board the' Wellington,' accidentally fell overboard, and but for the fortunate arri val of a ferry-boat which immediately put off, the lad would have added another to the dreadful catalougue which of late it has been our painful duty to record. Geelong Libel Case. — Mr. Harrison, late Editor of the ' Geelong Advertiser and Intelligencer,' lias beon prosecuted by Dr. Mackay, Crown Prosecutor, for a hbei published iu tlio journal under his control on the 26th April last, in which the de fendant charged tlio plaintiff with being drunk whilst engaged in the discharge of his duties, and with ridiculing the pro ceedings in which ho had been engaged. The damages were laid at 5000/. The de fendant conducted his own case. The evi dence adduced for the defence tended to substantiate the charge of intemperance against the learned plaintiff, but failed to establish the portion of the libel that re ferred to inability to discharge his duties. After a trial which lasted nine hours, a vordict was given for the plaintiff— Da- mages 800/. . . The Goose Felony.— It will be m tlio romembranco of our readers, that "y®11' threo weeks sinco two men named Pedro Borello and J. Smith were taken from on board the City, of Hobart steamer on charge of stealing sundry geese, the pro perty of his Honor the Puisne Judge, at tho same time a number of the birds were also taken from tho said steamer to be ranged in evidence against the supposed delinquents. After a magisterial investi gation of tho cliargo, both parties vrcro committed for trial, and the ornithologies evidences detained in the custody of the 1 Thoro was bail to a considerable Sunt offered for Borollo, but refused ; Stho consequence lias been the ; deton- Jnof botli parties in gaol until liberated Llrdav by order of tlie Attorney-Gono- Jfl who could find no bill against them ; ,n'l they attended at tlio police-office tliia miirning to claim the 44 birds of the capi- |jl" to which they were entitled as a matter of right, - GotD Discovbut.— Since the announce ment of the gold discovery at Macquarie Hirbour the greatest excitement prevails fmonzst the old diggers, and various and omiflictiug are the opinions oxpressod as to the result of the exploring party. It L«t be confessed that the general senti ment is favourable. Wo perceive that tie Eucalyptus is already laid on for Mac- ouarie Harbour, and many parties are lUmr- organized ready for a start when ever tlio result shall be known. We have been informed by a gentleman recently from Melbourne, that on tho first word froiu tho prospectors affording any hope of success a 'rush' from Melbourne to Tasmania may be expected. Could not wo on this sido retaliate in toino manner noon those who have exhibited so little humanity towards our follow-citizons ? Cornwall Chronicle.— -Wo wore (omowlmt disappointed by the non-recep tion of this newspaper, expected this morning; and apprehending some mistake, wroto to the post office authorities on tho subject ;'and received, in reply, the infor mation, that "six copies of tho Cornwall Chronicle did not arrive this morning, that for the 4 Tasmanian Colonist' being among tlio missing papers." Wo beg to call the attention of the propriotar of that journal to the circumstance ; a similar omission having taken place, a fortnight ago. Supreme Court. — Sittings in Bikco— On Tuesday their Honors, V. Fleming, Esq., Chief J ustice, and Thomas Home, Esq. Puisne Judge, took their teats on tlio Bench ; and nmongst tho various cases brought forward, must bo particularised a complaint 011 the part of Joseph Hone, Esq., Commissioner of the Court of Requests, ngainst two Solicitors, Messrs. Graves and Crisp, - charging both gentlemen with contempt. Tho learned gentleman stated his case, and Imnded in tho necessary affidavits from which it ap peared, that'tlie " contempt" aro3o out of cases in which the solicitors were engaged in the Court of Requests ; thoir Honors deferred giving judgment in the case until they should have had time to consider the cvidcnco laid before tlioui. ' Bethel Chapel. — The Rev. J. Nisbet will preach in this Chapel 011 Sabbath afternoon next, at 3 o'clock. Seamen are earnestly invited to attend. An Infallible Remedy for Bile, Jaun dice, and Liver Complaints. — Holloway's Pills.— Extract of a letter from Ellen Fawcett, of Port Elizabeth Algoa Bay, to Professor Holloway:- 'I suffered for se- ven months from jaundice and bile, aris ing from a very disordered state of the liver ; during this time, although I tried many remedies I obtained no relief to my sufferings. At length I purchased a quan- tity of your Pills, and after using five boxes, I was perfectly cured, and with confidence recommend them to others who are thus afflicted.' (Signed) ELLEN FAW- CETT. Tub Crops. — For tho last fortnight or thrco weeks wc have been endeavouring to get sotno distinct reports as to tiie statu of tlio great crops in the district which supplies Maitlaud, nnd which partially supplies Sydney. It is always extremely difficult to do this in bad sensons, as the accounts which reach Maitlund arc then luoro gloomy than tho reality. From the best information wc can obtain, tlio wheat crop in tlio Wollombi is thin, but promises to fill out well. On tlio Hunter, abovo Maitlaud, more rain hns fallen than in . most of tlio other pnrts of tho district ; and on many parts tho wheat crop is repre sented at first-rate, while 011 others a loss of one third was expected. I11 the Pater- ton district the crop appears pretty " fair On tho Willinm tho crop in general is very thin and stunted, tho stumps shew ing plainly in tho fields ; if they have ruin they may lmve about half u crop ; the quality promises to be good. On Miller's Forest, and generally throughout the tract of low moist laud bordering the Hunter between Morpeth and Ilexliam, tlio crops ; are splendid, one farmer stating that ho never had a belter crop. Barley reaping hns commenced 011 tlio Hunter, abovo Maitland, and the first wheat crop will bo cut next week. — Maitland Mercury 