ROTATION OF CROP3 AND RESTRIC TIVE COVENANTS. ritVoni the Jyjonomi.it.'\ A good rotation ot crops is undoubtedly one of the most important aids to agricultural im provement, but it has seldom been found bene ficial to nrescribe to tenants any fixed rota tions. This is especially applicable to any mode rately good fanner. In tinie3 when, or in dis tricts where, two or three or more successive grain crops were taken, it was once thought advisable to bind the occupiers to sotna course of .cropping less disadvantageous to themselves and the laud, but such plans have never been attended with much success. Even when tho course followed by the best far njars of a district has been adopted as that to be imposed on nil tho tenants of an estate, it has served, after a time, to impede and restrict usu ally the best farmers, without having effected much improvement in the system of tlioss te nants whose intelligence and self-interest did not induce them to adopt of themselves tbe best rotations of the time and the district. Indeed, we have often observed that in districts and upon estates where tenants are most rigidly bou'id down to defined courses ami practices, the worst husbandry aim st invariably prevails. At this moment great changes are goiii^; on in the opinions of farmers with respect to rota tions ; the facilities afforded by the uso of light manures enabling them in many places to crop more than formerly with positive benefit- to the laud and much gain to themselves ; and it is' not merely to changes in any particular rotation to which farmers are directing attention, but . often the whole plan of cultivation maybe use fully rearranged. The land under arable culture I may, in many places, be worked harder and crop-' pe-1 mow frequently, if a portion of it hitherto taking its pi.iea in the rotation be devoted to furnishing supplies of provender for stock. This would seem in be especially the case on some of our heavy soils and in moist climates. The Scotch farmers, with characteristic shrewdness, have lately been subjecting the question of rota tion of crops :o a good deal of dismission. Thus, at a rwent meeting of t'.ie Carries Farmers' So- eiotv. the subject was excellently debated. Mr. McCaw, who opened tho discussion, said : — 'The five, six, ami seven-shift rotations have been the courses !no.stc;)inui(v.ilv pursued — 1st, a green crop fallow ; 2ml, a white crop; 3rd, hay with clover; 4th, pasture; 5th, oats— but this alludes to a live shift being pretty general on a weaker description of sail : also upon a. six and Si- ven course by counting the pasture for one and two years mure. This system has become objectionable from tiie great deficiency in the pasture grasses, particularly whore the soils rest on a freestone bottom, it. being found that after the hay crop, or even when the hay has been pas tured !-r cut green for soiling purposes, a draw back occurs on this head, the land yielding comparatively «i scanty pasturage— in other words, the soil where climate and situation would otherwise admit of superior grain crops ; cousaineiitly a change is desirable ; ami the question occurs, how is this change to be effected so us to maintain the continued fertility of the soil, and ut, the same time enable it to give greatly increased produce to renay, and in olule;f in that produce the growth of a clover crop as the question indicates— supposing also that the ordinary restrictions of leases permit ted this deviation, if it could be clearly shown to benefit ultimately all parties concerned '_' That some extent of pasturage is essential to good management, and under the prevailing sys tem the pastures were very deficient ; and he suggested that sowing down to grass without a com crop would be a plan worth the consideration of farmers. ' We are, however, apt to think the matter of sowing down grasses an! clovers alone as involv ing the loss of a white crop. This at first sight sli wa a decided drawback. We should, how ever, look nt the matter over a more extended period than' for a single year- or two. If we can see that a state of pasturage can be obtained equal in value to ordinary grain-crops, and to' continue so tor a number of years, without addi tional expense, limiting tho extent to si fifth or sixth part of lands under general cultivation, 1 am inc ined to think profit would arise from this system much superior to the double ex tent of interior pasturage under the fifth and six- shift rotation. Some of Sir-lames Graham's tenantry at Netherby have, I understand, adopted this system most successfully. l-5t.Ii, l-4th, or 1 -3rd, of the whole extent, as the nature of tho soil seemed to udmit, pub under permanent pasturage, and on the portion for continued til lage, thus : — 1st, green crop fallow ; 2nd, wheat ; 3rd, clover ; 4th, outs ; otli, beans and potatoes drilled ; Gth, wheat. Tim repeated application with fann-vard dun;j and special manures to almost every crop has given large, returns in produce, and that part of the hind laid down with grasses and clovers for pasturage has maintained a stock to repay greatly over the ordinary value of grain crops, and is expected to do so for a series of years. However, should deterioration in the value of the pasturage appear, a section of this land — probably rested for six or seven years — inav again he taken up, and an equal extent of that under raye.ited cultivation sown out for the same purposes. Thus \wth this extent of permanent pasturage and the clover on the fifth course used us green food, u heavy stock can be m.iiutiihie.l, much superior to what had been under the ordinary rotation.' An. I he thought that the existing restrictions on cropping were highly objectionable, ' bein^ framed when the system o! cultivation with only a limited supply of manures was very different from tin* existing position of matters in these respects.' Ami the crops should vary as much as possible, though often repeated. , Mr. Kennedy, after quoting iusta- iees of the eviis arising from too frequent repetition of the same crop, even though liie land might be well ?manured, said : — 'I will give iji» opinion wljat [ think should Ik* the b^st rotation of urops on either kind of land, as t would nut like lo he hound to any jixcl ro tation, and every farmer wiil be guided in the rotation best suited to his land by tlie means lie has, either of making or purchasing manure, and the advantages he enjoys of converting the produce of his farm into money.' In closing up the disscussioii, the Chairman on tlu; same point saia : — 'That the present position and circumstances of a^ricnituiv, affording as they do siieh facilities in obtaining artificial manures and food for feed ing cattle and sheep, are calculated to create in the minds of the imwt enlightened agricultu rists an impression that the time has arived when landlords ought to see it their interest to im pose no unnecessary restrictions upon tenants in whom they cm place confidence. There can \\-£ no doubt that the general opinion among men of intelligence is that covenants containing arbitrary restrictive clauses are necessary to bind bit'! tenants, not good ones The great principle to bu observed in the profitable eultivation of tiia soil is first, to have the land dry, to keep it clean, and to make it ri--h with manure.' We know that tin.1 opinion adverse to prescribed rotations and restrictive covenants is every day becoming stronger amongst our best fanners, and wo gladly see the Scotch agriculturists mov ing in that direction. It is on clay Uiul where such restrictions do most harm, and where in fact they most abound. Kxperieuce sh -ws that heavy land farms can be best managed under a svsteni wliich allots a moderate extent of laud to tillage in eaeh year, and enables the farmer to prepare it in the inosttilfevtivc manner. On our i'jiiglish ciay farms, it perhaps would not Iw de sirable to increase the exten t of permanent pas ture, but a certain proportion of tlie arable ian.l — being perhaps two-thirds or one-half of the whole farm might yearly be well laid down m gmss iiuJ suffered to rein.-tin in that state for several years, in order to render that profita ble, it, must bo well laid down, or the herbage would become scanty and bad. The remainder of the arable land might then be made to heir frequent corn crops, —say two- thirds in grain and uiie-third in roots. Ghost Stoimks. — lisft Holland House in time to got to Kogers's, where Sir W. Scott was to call for us. Called at 3, to take us to dine with his son Major Scott, at Hampton. Scott very agreeable on the way. Told him onr conversation at Holland House about ghosts, which brought on the same topic. His own strong persuasion, one night, that he saw the figure of Lord Byron. Had been either talking of or reading him ; and on going iwto the next room, was startled to see through tho dusk what lie could have sworn was Byron, stand, as he used to do when alive. On returning into the drawing-room, he said to his daughter, ' If you wish to see Lord Byron go into that room.' It was the effect of either the moonlight or twilight upon spine drapery that was hangiug up, which to his imagination, just then full of Byron, presented this appearance. Rogers'* story of the young couple at Berlin in their opera-box, between whom, at a distance, there always appeared to be a person sitting, though on going into their box, it was found there was no one there but themselves. From all parts of tlip house this supernatural intruder ciiuld b:j Been ; but people differed as to its appearance, some saying it was a fair man, others a dark ; some maintaining that lie was old, and others that he was young. It should be mentioned that thero was some jjuilty mystery hanging over the connexion between tlieseyouni; people ; and as, at last, no on* ventured to visit their box, they disappeared from Merlin. Tin's anecdote Lord Wriotliesly Russell brought with him from abroad. Scott (who evidently did not like the circumstance being left unexplaiuel) proceeded to tell a story of Mrs. Hook, tlie wife of Dr. Hook, who wrote the Honian History; 'it being as well,' he said, ' to have some real per son to lit one's story on. Mrs. Hook becoming acquainted and intimate with a foreign lady, a widow, at Hath ; their resolving to live together on their return to London. Mrs. Hook, on coming down stairs one day at this lady's lodg ings, meeting a foreign officer on the stairs, saying to her friend next day, ' You had a visitor yesterday T' the other answering. ' No ; she had no one since Mrs. Hook left her.' Mrs H. thinking this odd, jro'ing another day into her friend's dressing-room by mistake, and seeing the same officer tlie:e alone stretched on the sofa. Being now sure there was something not right, determined to mention it to the lady, who at first said it was impossible, but hearing a description of how the oiiicer was dressed, fainted. Sirs. Hook, convinced that it was some improper li-iison she was carrying on, deter mined gradually to give up her acquaintance. The- foreign lady »oon after was preparing to go to London ; and Mrs. Hook l-eing in the room when her maid was packing (the lady hersell not being present), saw a miniature case fall out of the portmanteau, and taking It up and opening it, saw the portrait of the very person she had met on the stninj. 'That,' said the maid, ' is the picture of my mistress's husband.' 'Her husband?' 'Yes,' answered the maid; 'he died a short time before we left^Gennanv.' In a few weeks afterwards, there arrived an order in England to have this foreign lady arrested on a charge of murdering her husband { — Maoris Life, ,^ ' . .''.'''.'*' 