TASMANIAK. HOBART TOWN, NOVEMBER 14. 1854 VICTORIA. THE Colonial Secretary laid on the table of the Legislative Council the report of the select committee appointed to consider the Anti-Convict Bill. The report was read, by which it appeared that the Government measure was not recommended to the House, in consequence pi' the Tasmanian anti-passport act. The report WBB ordered to be printed. Capt. W,ild, commander of the world famed clipper ship Marco Polo, now lying in Hobson's Bay, brought with bim, a magnificent service of silver plate, sent but as'a present to. Cppt. Ferguson, the Harbor Master of Melbourne, from the owners of the Black Ball Line of Australian Packet Ships. The present, which is of the value of two hundred guineas,' is intended BB an acknowledgment of the valuable services rendered by the.Harlior-Master when the Marco Polo was stranded in Hobson's Bay early in the present year.* The articles consist of a kettle and stund, salver, tea and coffee pots, sugar-basin and cream-jug, the whole being elegantly chased, and bearing the following inscription :-" Presented by the owners of the Marco. Polo to Captain Charles Ferguson, Harbor-Master of Mel-* bourne, .Victoria, to mark their high esti- mation of his invaluable servicesin rescuing their favorite and' far-famed ship from her "perilous': position when stranded in Port Phillip'BAV in January last. Liverpool, '; July 1854." The presentation took place ou' board Hie Marco Polo-the ship in ? ,ques»ion-on Saturday last. A sumptuous ', .repast WOB provided for á select- few,' in- cluding,- of course,- Captain,.Ferguson and hi«; immediate. friends, ' We are, asgured that Capt. Wild; -commander of the Marco, Polo, did all in.his power- to .¿hew that he : heartily welcomed the gentleman who did éucli substantial service to the houle craft to-which líei hàH lieéh.sb recently appointed. ?;,;.A newly' erected:Wesleyan chapel han .bepn,o|ir;tit'fl i!l.N^îl)l',?rRlre<íV.C^I}il-^v¿íll.í^Th'l.' l'liilf.lill;;.i* cb;iKi';S!iu/ofttWiv>ù'iiè ¿ijl'i/Vilun-; \ KÍu|Íy'1:/-i'-i.!'-iV-^^ . .... ..- l -? broad, arid .16 feet higfi. The {¡pit overee-1 't'ion is £2200) At (Present the subscrip lion&aniuuntto;£1110, leaving a debt upon; the chapel of £1090. The' Hell Ma Butters, from1 Melbourne, preached in the morning, and the Bev. T. Baker, from Hullarat, in the afternoon and evening. The minister, who will regularly officiate ia the Bev. Isaac Harding. The collection HI'ICJ the morning's service amounted lo about £40 -Geelong Advertiser. The Red Hill line is fairly reviving again, and OD the whole, paying well. There have been several tubs producing about two pounds weight. The Chinese ore now1 in immense numbers wandering about Bullarut like (he ghosts of departed diggers, -they are generally engaged washing tail-1 ings. A gentleman of the name oí Heard, undera bond of £1000, has gone to Mel- bourne to take his trial at the criminal sessions, commencing on the 15ih inst., on a charge of being concerned in the burning of Bentley's Hotel. This is one of the cases by which the Camp has succeeded in lessening the reliance of the diggers in official promises. All ia quiet for the present, but there will be more meetings held. Business is slightly improving, and the number of claims being worked that are paying is unusually large for Ballarat. This is »wing to the breadthening of I he Giavel Pits' line.-Correspondent Spirit of the Age. The Melbourne and Hobson's B.iy rail- way appears likely to be a very profitable coticei u to the proprietors. The amount, of the eompany's cjpitnl is £150,000. The total receipts from the 13th September, when the line was opened, to the 31st Oc- tober, amounts to £3728 17a. 3d., or an average of£532 13s. ltd. per week. The expenditure for tile same period, after charging every item proper to revenue, has been £1717 18s. 2d., or £245 8s. 4d. per week; thus leaving a considerable ba- lance towards paying a dividend. A Mr. Birlovitz bad been "stuck np" on the Plenty Boad, about sixteen miles from Melbourne. The highwaymen were four mounted men under arms, and they des- poiled him of a box containing watches and jewellery of the value of about £700, and after emptying the box, they very good na tuiedly returned it. Mrs. Chisholm has returned from her tour through the diggings. A collection of about fifty new Australian plants, collected by Dr. Mueller, the Go- vernment Botanist, was exhibited to the members of the Victoria Institute, and a detailed scientific description of them was at the sume time submitted. The Bev. Mr. Chapman was elected moderator, and the Bev. Mr. Ramsay, clerk, of the United Presbyterian Church. Gold in pnying quantities is still found in the Sheepwash, Bendigo, and great hopes are entertained by some of the parties work- ing there that a good lead will be struck in a short time. The Epsom Diggings in- crease rapidly, and present every day a more busy and promising appearance. A regular street of tents, shops, stores, &c;, has been formed from the last White Hill to the race-course. We hear that a good deal of gold has been raised ; the holes are extending close on to the race-course; and we imagine the present races will be the last ever run on it. This, however, is com- paratively of little -consequence ; another race-course will have to be found, hut the good effect by the working of the exten- sive fiat where it is at present, will more than counterbalance any inconvience suffer- ed in that respect. A report reached our office a day or two since, that a heavy nug- get had been taken out from the bottom of one of the holes, but we are unable to give any authentic account of it. It is with considerable regret that we observe that the large blocks of quartz, so long a well known land-mark on the crown of specimen bill, have been almost entirely broken to pieces and destroyed. We hardly think that much good can have re- sulted to any one from their destruction. We would be the last in the world to desire | that the miners should be prevented from working wherever they can obtain gold, but in this case the spoliation seems to have been so needless, that almost looks like sacrilege, and we cannot help wishing that a little more good taste had been displayed. The miners are still busy in excavating in this locality, and some of them, we believe, are doing well. A very large nugget-re port says fifty pounds-was, we have been informed, found last week, in Robinson Crusoe Gully.-Bendigo Advertiser. In a right-of-way off Little Bourke- street west, and almost at the rear of the Government offices, lived a family consist- ing of Luke Lucas, his wife, and three children. Lucas and his wife were people of very abandoned character, and kept a house of ill fame. He has been several times before the Police Court, and has served more than one term of imprison- ment. His wife was in the habit of in- dulging rather a little too much, and is said to have been under the influence of liquor yesterday morning. At a few mi- nutes to twelve her husband returned home, when he and she commenced a scolding match, and he, without further provoca- tion, seized a short thick bar of iron, struck her with it on the head, and knocked her down. In a second the unfortunate wo- man was weltering in her blood, and called out for assistance. She was heard by some neighbours, but before they could render any aid he dealt her a second blow and killed her. An alarm was soon given, and the murderer was arrested by some police- men on duty near the place, and by them secured in the Swanston-street watch- house. When apprehended he seemed rather calm and collected, and admitted his guilt, remarking that "he had for some time made up his mind to get rid of her." The unfortunate woman presents a shocking appearance, her head having been fearfully battered. Deceased was about 50 years of age. An inquest was to be held on the body. BALLARAT BANK. Mr. G. D. Lang ex-manager; and Mr. Francis Drake, ex-accountant, of the Bal- larat Branch of the Bank «f New, Sonth Wales, appeared before the bench of magis- trates on a remanded charge of embezzle- ment. ', Fresh evidence was adduced to the effect that all monies paid out of the, bank on account of deposit receipts appeared in ¡C\M .. - , , B ithe bank cash-book, 'whilst in, most case ?_ I theíruoney ; received on deposit receipt ^dkl ihotappenrí.'lThis^Mr.fLang explained'^ a ' most satibfactory manner, stating, T though these deposit's did not appear in the cash-book a -record was kept in the butt of the receipt hook, and that if there had been u any intention on the part of either Mr. Drake or himself to defraud the bank this receipt book would have been destroyed. He confessed the books had been very < budly kept, and that he had not been -able - . to balance his cash, since it was handed ' over to him in May, but there was no facil- . k ¡ty in the bank recrularlv to keep up the hooks, Rnd at night when the bank waa closed he had to take nil his cash nnd gold to the Escort-office for safety in a carpet- bag. The accused parties nie fully com- mitted to take their, trial at the next sessions, to be holden at Ballarat on 5th December.. The correspondent of the Herald says-From what I can privately learn with respect to this unfortunate affair there certainly is a deficiency in the cabh, but a certain gold-broker, who bad access be« hind the counter of the bank, knowing, very probahly, that Mr Lang was not able to count his cash as often as was necessary, has suddenly left Ballarat with a consider" able sum of money (some thousands of pounds), and where he got it, or how he came by it, every bö'dy is at a loss to know. Mr James Burtchall, an exgold-broker at Ballarat, who was apprehended at Mel- bourne some ten days since on a suspicion of being concerned in the Bank' of New South Wales embezzlement, was discharged by the Ballarat benrh of Magistrate's, but I understand that already theie is another warrant for his apprehension. The parti- culars of his examination are as follows : Detective Sergeant Cummins proved the arrest, and the finding of the following property on the piemises, viz. :-Three sovereigns, 13s. in silver, one gold watch and chain, ledger book, bank puss book, cheque book, letter addiessed to Mr. Phillips, a note addressed to Messrs. Richardson Se Co , certaiu lease papers, one key, and knife. Prisoner was given iii ciiarge by a Mr Levy. Mr. George Collins Levy, sworn-I am a wine merchant residing at Geelong. On Thursday, the 19th October, the prisoner came into the store of Messrs. Frank Griffith & Co., of Geelong. I was there at the time. The prisoner asked Mr. Hodgson, Mr, Griffiths pat tner, if he had any g> Id for sale, when the other replied he had only got a small quantity. The prisoner then asked me if I had any gold for sale, or if I knew where there was any ? * I replied I had none, and further remarked, that it was rather odd of hitn coming to . Geelong to buy gold, as he was a gold - broker residing at BjtUurat, and could get it cheaper there. Prisoner told me he had made some money, and that he was going1 ' home in the Great Britain ; that he had sold his place at Ballarat, and that it was ' lucky he had, as the diggers was much " annoyed at his signing an address in favour of Mr. Bentley, and that he was afraid he should be served in the same manner as Mr. Bentley, viz., hythe burning of his house. He further enquired of me the best manner by which to take money > home, either by bank or draft, merehant's draft, or gold. I advised him to take it in gold, and he then left the store. From in- formation I received from some of the officeia of the Bank of New South Wales at Gee- long, I proceeded to Melbourne, and on this morning seeing the prisoner at the Bull and Mouth," gave him in charge, on suspi- cion of having been implicated in ah em- ' bezzlement of the Bank of New South Wales i at Ballarat. Cross-examined.-I was never in the de tcctiee force in my life. I did not see a large placard in the bank offering a reward: On Saturday last I went to the Balik of New - South Wales at Geelong, to get a cheque cashed. Mr. Arthur Edward Taylor, sworn.-I am sub-inspector of police stationed at Bal» larat, and know the prisoner. He was an officer in the detective loree, about eleven months ago, at Ballarat. I know that he was in very reduced circumstances when he joined the force. He was in the,police about three or four months when he resigned. He was afterwards clerk in the Ballarat Post- « ) office for a short time, after which he became' a gold-broker. He subsequently purchased ' a ¡central place of business, between the . Banka of Victoria, New South Wales, and Austrahisia. He seemed to be on very in- , tímate terms with the clerks of the several ' banks. Two days after the robbery of the Bank of Victoria the prisoner left Ballarat, _ and pi evious to doing so he deposited in the . gold office there 252 ozs. 10 dwts, of gold,, consigning the same to himself at Melbourne. ? Messrs. Lang and Drake, manager and ac- countant of the Ballarat branch of the New" . South Wales Bank,were in custody.charged with being concerned in bank defalca- , tions to the value of £25.000. When the manager and accountant were 'searched -' there were found on them certain paper» . tending to connect the prisoner with them in money transactions. The parties were veryiutimate. Since the manager's arrest, ( Mr. Underwood, a friend of his, applied for and obtained permission to see him. I was present in the cell with them, and in the ' course of their conversation I beard the ' manager make use of the following words -" There is one man here suddenly becomo rich ; but I suppose he has made off, and escaped." Underwood then replied, "Ii told you never to trust that man ; he was bad enough for anything." After coming ' out of the cell with Mr. Underwood, I asked him to what person did he allude when speaking with Lang, and he replied, " Bur« , chell," thereby meaning the prisoner. I ( immediately after went in pursuit of the, ; prisoner, in order to apprehend him before he could possibly leave the colony, and it was understood that if our suspicions were followed np, I was to arrest him under any circumstances. The witness was cross ex- amined, but without in anyway affecting ln> evidence. * ' ' <.','., Mr. Mead addressed the court, contend« \ ing that there, was not u sufficient case to' ' justify a remand. His client had been .ap- prehended under the sapient suspicious'and . o circumstances which would lead to tbe be-, , lief that he could not possibly be the guilty J party he waa supposed to be. Take for in- s> «lance his slaving intone of(tlte most pub he hotels in M<-lhourner - Tlie Police (Magistrate feltsattsfied that sufficient hild been Bhown to justify him in remanding the prisoner for further inquiry to Ballarat. A prima facie case, has been made out, and the prisoner was only there for that purpose. Touching his putting up at a pub- lic hold that was a matter of noconsequence : for it might be in ihe recollection of many that some time ago when a government officer robbed, the. i Government of ¿2000, he stayed tat the Criterion. The pi isoner was therefore remanded, and ordered to be forwarded to Ballarat, FATAL ACCIDENT ON BoAttn TUP EMIGRANT Sim* MOOLTA«».-An inquest ivas hold ye- terday afternoon at the hmiso of Mr Chstlny Gordon Ciatlo before A. B Jones, Esq., Coroner, and the following jury-Messrs. Skreeh, (foreman) Chu les GilT, w- Stewns. H. J. Warner Junes Honle 'I homsfl Jackson and Aaron C- IIyer_on view of the body of William drivers who cimo to his death under circumstances dot nile I in the evidence The coroner, addieasing tho jury, stated that deceased wa* a seaman on boird the lately ariived emigrant ship Mooltah. 'I he per- sons oonneoled with the ship wera anxious he should hold the inquest on boird, hut he (thp cnronei) declined doing «o, becausnit might have inconvenienced -the grtntlemen of tho jury. He added that he should have held the Inquost oil , Saturday liad he not thought it would tie an in eonveniont dsy to the jury and himself. Thp coroner and jury then pi oei e led to the onloiinl hospital to view the bod). On their return the following evidence wis adduced :-J unes Leitch, chief officer of the "ship Moultan, deposed that the deceased was ordinary seaman on board and was eighteen years of age. On Monda), the 6th, hejwas painting the cross-jack )ard, when ho fell on the poop, about two yards from «hero witness was at the time, near tho cuddy skylight Wit ness wont to him and turned his body round ; he was hingen his ristlit s do with ono arm under him ; he was sensible. By this time Mr, Dawson the surgeon of the ship was pr< sent, and attended tn him, giving ordirs for his removal tn the hos- pital ; he was attended to hy ona of the ship's company nil night, and another relieved him ni xt day, but he died on the Wednesday morning He ronpl lined of his hand, and seemed in gre it pain when witness went uo to him ; witness had o n him about an hour before, when ho »as standing on the foot rail of the eross-inek yard blacking tho yard I no one was near lum and he was tim only man employed on the ) ard at the time ; the foot rope did not givo way, nor nny of tho geir ; deceased had boen irt go K1 health, and on good terms with the rest of the crew at tho time; he was sober. By the jury-deceased joined us in London, and has boi n employed (sav)four months ; he had been in the habit of going aloft ; the cross jack «as bent, and hung in goar ; he wa3 H elinor smart lad for his age. Mr. William Dawson, a member of the Royal College ot Surgeons, Lon- don, surgeon of the Moultan. deposed that on Monday aftcrnooon, about five o'clock, ho was spoak ng to Captain Rogers, when ho heard a scream-looking towards the poop ho saw Chivera falling down mid-way from tho yard to tho poop in an Oblique direction,- he fell with his right hand, and tho bruah in it. under his chin, which caused a contusion hi his chin Witness, ( Mr. Leitch, and one of the seamen rah np j he was insensible, but revived in the course of thne minutes; he «as moaning, and witness onuld not make out whnt ho said ; several of his teeth nero smashed, andothirs out ; his pulse wns low and shin cold ; witness afterwards had him removed to tho hospital, and attended him there till the morning he died. He was taken care of by his shipmates, and had evt rything that was necessary. From the.symp toms, on the morning of his death, he Was labour- ing under oompiession of tho brain, caused by the accident, and to that witness attributed his death. Ho detected no fiacture whatever. Witnoss sent for Dr. Bedford, who saw de- ceased. The Coroner put It to the foreman if it wa« daMrable tn h«vo any further uvidince, but the jury wero unanimously of opinion no further evi- dence was necetmary ; they therefore returned a verdict of ^'accidental death," tja" Wa aro desired to call attention to the «alo of Land, by Air. Wurley, at New Norfolk, 'J his Day 