Local and Provincial News- . I Tnn ROYAL VICTORIA THEATRE.-The négociation which we some time back announced a^i pending between the owners of ibis cstahlislt ment nnd V.r Amit cw Turning of tho Victoria Hotel, has been brought to a conclusion, and Mr Torning will enter upon the Lcs-:ccship on thc 1st .luly next. Tlie liberal views which Mr Torniirg professes will doubtless if canieil out in their Integrity, cominee to his own advantage a* well as to thc public satisfaction. We bi g to congratulate bim upon the venture, in which we ¿vhh Iiiin every success. Thc American tragedi- ans aro still "starring" it nightly to crowded und fashionable audience-. THE S YU NM: Y FISHERY COMPANY. The Secretary of this Company has >ent us a Hue to say that they issued ii supplemcHi extra- ordinary of piscatorial dainties to their cu-toiucrs yesterday, which was purchased up with avidity Wo bavé hitherto endeavoured by hook and by erv-ok to worm our.-clves into the confidence of ¡ the Australian IzaakWnltoniuns, as .-chnappers up of Sydney Market news, but have waited as I patiently as Popjoy for even a nibble from them. j We ceitainly did buy a Parrot fish from them . one day, but it would not talk. If it had only j said ''¡"oor Iiobin," or " Hobin the Poor," we ' th nhl have been content. Wc inadvertently > put our linger into its month to feel for it* | ur ! tides of speech, und it put another notch in our j diary. We have acknowledged tiie merits of the Sydney Fishery by presenting them "with a copy ! of " Izaak Walton's complete Angler ;" also j with a revised edition of "Springbok's How to limit frogs tenderly in leap-year"; and the great j Jo-eph linnie's 'parliamentary speeches upon : " Fish (not Cir") Ikmo." and "Net" proceed*. We j went up the Parramatta Uiver Inst week in ¡search of Beit, but found the I'ropt*'* Advocate j lind motiop liznd the whole ot it to fiah in ' troubled waters willi. To TIIOSK WHOM IT MAY CONCERN*. I-ihe Sherill' bas is-ned bis Letters Patent, I scaled with the signet-ring worn outside his I primrose-colored kids, constituting and nppoint j ing Mr Beverley ol' thu Attorney-General's office ito be Governor of the Darlinghurst Gaol, vie« . Captain Webster, deceased. i NEW DEFINITION OF A COMMON WORD. I Never! The period at which, judging from its ' present stntc. of progression, the New Cathedral will bc finished. AUSTRALIAN PRESENTATION ALBUM This work is unquestionably one of the best proofs of the rapid advancement of art in this colony. It bears the true stamp from the mint of talent, whilst fancy and poetry fit like fire- flies, accompanied by melody, through every page. The book opens most worthily with Cherry's beautiful ballad, "Shells of Ocean," illustrated with a colored lithograph, tastefully designed and well executed. It is followed hy .' The Australian Bird Waltz," composed by Mr Frederick Ellard, a production which will add another laurel to his musical fame. Mr Ellard tells us in a few lines the origin of the song. Some years since in ibu Wollombi district he wa« awoke on a summer's morning by a sweet, long, clear note fr >m a hird outside tho window. This was repented at intervals of the most per- fect time, which, (as Mr Kllard fancifully re murks), convinced the listener that the fentluicd warbler was the ch-/ de musique, or master of n band of winged ch ulsters The bird was disturbed and Hew away, but not before Mr Kllard had lime to dot the notes down. So ad- mirably has he embodied them in the waltz that wc are almost templed to bestow upon him, in this instance, the ornithological title of " Mocking Hird", whose notes (pardon ns) are a.« good ns .'Gould..Hie City of Sydney Polka," hy Packer, n brisk, lively, nnd invigorating bit of composition piécettes the Krnani Quadrille.«, by Jullicn, which baie a g rgcoiisly illustrated title page, printed in green and g ld, reminding one of The bright hue of sprimr-tidc gladness, Summer's smile on hill and dell. Without tonch of Autumn sadness, Sound of Winter's solemn knell. The Ladies of Sydney Waltzas selected from the Shower of Diamond". Wild Flower, Fairest of thc Fair, and Faust Waltzes, and D Albert's celebrated Fxpress Galop, c mplcte the Pre- sentation Album, which is on ornament to thc Colony, mid deserving of the most extensive ' patronage. Hie spirited publishers, Messrs. Woolcott mid Clarke, have spared neither pnins nor oxpenso in gutting up the work, mid wo sin- cerely hope to seo them amply remunerated. Thc Fine Ans ure thc humanizing influence« of society; the flowers beautifying nnd softening down "thc'stern fabric of Utilitarianism. Who cultivates them docs not m ¡spend his hours. WHAT'S IN A NAME ? Reginald, .Tohn, Cavendish, Naylor, Hare. (.Herald). Benjamin, John, Castlereagh, narc - (Rmpire}. Kcginnld, Benjamin, Cavendish, Castlereagh, Naylor, Plantagenet, Benuclerc, Brunswick, A glionliy,- - Percy, Seymour, Courtenay, Kussel, Clirichton, Bromine), Hare. [We cannot well sec how tv« can be wrong]. Hell's I.ife in St/Un j/. A c c E i* T A n t. K ANYWHERE.-The Her-ild on Wednesday, in speaking of the Hamlets, remarks, " Pounds are mnch needed in these localities." We aro strongly inclined, to think that thc want of pounds is not confined to tba Hamlets. A shower of sovereigns or bank notes would not be unacceptable to the numerous daily attendant-' nt the police office, who taint thc "atmosphere with foul, list id, and offensive breath. Landlords nls > seem not to entertain tiny objection to stptcc/ang a few extra pounds out of their unhappy tenants, even th .ugh they be " pounds of flcsli." W. C. WENTWORTH, ESQ. - The medallion of thc " Son of thc Soil", by which nppr"printe christening by a contemporary genius (Ilobert Lowe), ibis gentleman is known, ami which will^ embellish the pages of " The Karly History of Australia", is a production to tho excellence of which we feel ourselves incom- petent to clo adequate justice. To appreciate both the subject and thc artist, it must be teen; when seen it will speak for itself. Tho Colony may well pride itself in the possession of such a memorial of tuch a man; nnd thnt same pride moy well be reflected ujion the mnster-hnnd which designed and executed so unrivalled a specimen of colonial art. Jt fulls to the lot of few to carry out the great principle " -trs celare artem." OUR DEFENCES. - Some gentleman through the columns of tho Herald strongly re- commends "boarders." Of course they will bo trained in " boarding houses" invariably kept by very old soldiers, who are excessively like riß* men. A GHOST STORY. - Ghost stories generally herald Christmas-tide; but in the revo- lution* of i he earth thry sometimes come in less opportunely. We aro about to relate one founded on facts. Listen-On the night of Friday the Good, or carly on Saturday tho busy, 1854,'u certain ancient tenement being haunted, it was determined to exorcise the spirit. Ac- cordingly a mnn trap was placed in tho cellar and a monster mortar planted in the fii st floor. Wistfully and anxiously did the inhabitants of thc tenement, nil females, barring nu old darky washerwoman, wait for tho spirit. "Hush!" they exclaimed, ns they heard at tho door, " Knick, Nock ! Kuicknockknick! Kuicknock knicknockuicnicni !" " There ho be-that's,bo let un come in, and we'll nicks un." ThöTToor was opened, tho spirit came in and gave up the ghost. VERY RICH. - A young gentleman named Drury was, about thrco months since, appointed by tho " Powers that bo " to the im- portant situation of Cl.rk to the Bench of magis- trates ut Dandenong. He went to tho locus in quo of his duties,'und spent about three month: in endeavouring to find thc Bench at Danden- ong, to which ho was to officiate as clerk. But after using every effort for three months, with- out success, ho then returned to Melbourne, where the authorities sent him to the City Felice Office, to learn his duties, aud lie has been thus engaged for ncai ly two weeks. By the by, it U said that all pors .ns getting such appointments herenftet will have to ' pass a probationary period in the City Office, in ordor to instruct and familiarize them with their duties.-Melbourne Argus. 