GOVERNOR DENNISON'S PETS. The attention of the friends of transportation is especially directed to the escape of the prisoners recently fowarded from Hobart Town to the penal settlement, and birth place of our political madman and badman, Mr. William Charles Wentwortk of Norfolk Island. The extracts given elsewhere will shew that some terribly bad management must have been supreme on board of the Lady Franklin when the piracy was effected, or rather when the culpable negleot and cowardice of the guard from the 99th regiment, and of the ship's crew, was improved by the prisoners for their own advantage. It wonld appear from other accounts came to hand that the criminals had got into their possession several stand of arms -which were perfectly unserviceable, and having made their way from the ordinary lock' up room below to the deck, the crew and guard on perceiving the. muzzles of the useless mnskets in the desperadoes hands became panic strioken,. and simultaneously bolted to some place of temporary safety until the prisoners should deliberately butcher them, for which purpose one of the villians volunteered his services ! The conduct of the Captain under the circumstances was by all accounts becoming the position which he held on board ship, but his bravery came too late to redeem bis indiscretion, the want of ordinary care with which he is cbargeabie cannot be forgiven however much we may deplore his bodily Bufferings from the attack of the blackguards, whom he tried almost single handed to restrain. What a melancholy reflection must present itself to Captain Willett the commander of the brig ? At a public meeting in Hobart Town, at which he was present a considerable time ago, he appeared in the capacity of prisoners' friend and apologist; eulogised the fraternity of murderers, thieves, and robbers as a reformed community of hnman beings, brought by the wisdom and kindness of bis superior officer and patron the Governor of Van Diemen's Land, once more within the pale of humanity ; incapable of perpetrating such atrocities as those which had signalized the progress of their previous criminal history ; and who, by the refotmatory mild discipline of the present enlightened reign, had shewn themselves worthy of being received, with open arms, into the bosom of society as men fit to be entrusted with their liberty, and let lose upon the inhabitants of Van Diemen's Land, and the neighbouring colonies ! The treatment Captain Willet has been subjeoted to is lamentable. It only shews that what has been alleged against convietiam has been confirmed as another proof of the utter hopelessness of placing any faith in the expressed or apparent contrition of suoh horrid wretches who have so often proved that they are incapable of re clamation, and no more to be trusted than the wild beasts of the forest. We shall wait for further intelligence respecting this affair with interest, and as two of the prisoners, one of whom has been said to be recognised as a ringleader, has been found with the vessel, it is certain that we shall have full aocounts of the origin and progress of the whole conspiracy up to the time of the accom plishment of its object Id the meantime we must content ourselves with the meagre outline of the limits which have as yet reached us, and must content ourselves with hoping that the stain of gross cowardice with whioh the reputation of the guard of the 99th Regiment now stand accused, may be satisfactorily explained, in order that the old hard-earned fame of this once distinguished and noted regiment may not be left to the taunts and jeers of the% public at large as supplying a guard of oripples for a oonviot ship, frightened ont of their wits at seeing an apparition resembling Johnny Heft's ghost emerging from the gangway with a rusty firelock in its hand, and compelling an armed party to seek refuge under decks from an imaginary enemy. 