THE PKOPOSED KNQIURY CONCERNING TUB DISEASE AMONG SHEEP. THE subject which has been taken np in thc Legislative Council by Mr. Morris is a very fit anti proper ont? l'or investigation by a Select Committee, anti in bringing it forward, thc honourable member, we are willing to believe, only desires to perform an obvious duty which is incumbent on thc Legislature. Of the extent of this malady, existing os--we are informed to a degree to render wholesale incremation necessary to sttty its ravages in particular districts, there appears ample evidence, and that these vast holocausts are effectual only to check without extirpating the disease, is a fact which is also painfully true. Wo need no ghost, or committee of legislators, to en- lighten us as to the existence of a pes- tilential scourge, which, if it once get head in the territory, will annihilate ht one fell swoop the 'great interest to which all others, have been sacrificed, and which overleaps with disdain the petty wall of class, . and political, and almost feudal privileges, which has been upreared for its protection. We have already seen in one district a species of pastoral Lynch law had recourse to for the protection of the flock owner, and . an offending pos- sessor of scabby property largely mulcted by the verdict of a jury for his sin against good- neighbourhood in harbouring n de- structive mtisanco within his precincts. These cases, which excited some little interest at the time, were of less value as regarded thc individual right, than with reference to thc social consequence:;, and abundantly prove the sufficient grounds for an alarm, which, in tho oho case, was held to justify what, under other cir- cumstances, would have been lawlcBs violence; and, in thc other, to visita man with almost ruinous consequences for a merely passive and unintentional injury. They will furnish suggestions for Mr. Morris's proposed committee, whenever it initiates its proceedings. We have some other matters, however, to suggest for thc consideration of thc committee ns soon hs it commences its labours. We should like to have a satis- factory elucidation of certain other pheno- mena incident to pastoral property, such, for cxainplo, as tho existence of other diseases, besides the one in question, to which the subject of it has been heretofore pretty extensively prone. The decima- tion of flocks by catarrh, by foot rot, and bv an insidious, still unknown, and there- fore undescribed, disease, which, in the carly part of the year 18fl0, formed the subject of a Government investigation, is equally a matter for full, earnest, and patient enquiry. Thc committee has a larger-field before it than the honourable mover is well a ware.of. It is one thing to gloss over thc question so as to allay the misgivings of squatters, and so keep up the market price of runs ; it is another to satisfy tho great consuming public, who arc beginning to suspect rottenness in the system as well as in tho sheep, especially when they find butcher's moat tts high in price in a great pastoral country, as it is upon thc well dressed grass lands of old England, Wc recom- mend him to extend the scope of his investigations, now that he has taken this most important subject in hand-to include in them cattle as well ns sheep-to inform us whether improved feeding and tending will probably have any efïect in the pre- vention of epidemics in stock, and above all, to enlighten the public with regard to thc philosophy of boiling down. In other words, we recommend thc matter to bc considered as a consumers' as well as a producers' qucetion ; and also, whether tho existence is not to some, and what extent, a penalty upon the latter for their habitual violation of the groat physicul laws of thc universe. Our view may be an erroneous one, that tho diseases in question aro in anywise referable to neglect, but when we see them prevailing to an extent quite un- precedented, according to the experience of old settled countries, wc are to a certain extent justified in bur suspicion, and there can, at all events, bc no harm dono in cor- recting our falso economy. It must be borne in mind that ns a pro- ducers' question, tho existence of great natural impediments to production is not altogether a novel one. The pnstoral in- terest of these colonies is essentially a protected one, that is to say, protected, not by fiscal, but by political and class regulations. In this respect it very closoly resembles thc groat West India interest of by- gono days. The West India proprie- tors of the last generation grew rich like our squatters upon legislative protection. With slave labour, and high monopoly prices secured fort their produce, they were enabled to live'in luxury in England, and lcavo tho management of their estates to hirelings. They could withstand the peculation of their subordinates, they could wring sufficient from the almost inex- haustible natural resources of an inter tropical country to support their ostentation anti extravagance ; but thc fate of thc unjust stoward fell upon them at last. The unanimous call of the British people enforced _ the freedom of the slaves, the competition of other countries compelled the demolition of protective laws, and thus the great producing interest which could once boast of its influence in thc Parliament of Great Britain, by its false security ultimately destroyed itself. Our case is only different from that of thc Wost Indian colonies, in that the warning is more gradual ; and it remains to bc seen whether Nature's lesson cannot bc given in a direct as well as in a circuitous form, lt matters little in what shape the neglect oí tho great national law of Jabour is visited upon the transgressors, whether in that of external competition, or in that . of domestic calamity,' Tho result is thc *-;-:-;-;-;-; sanio, und wiso legislators will duly csti*--. mate it. . _ ". Mr. Morris has, on one* or two previous occasions, evinced a -becoming desire to investigate similar phenomena ' affecting the great producing interest which lie appears to have so much at heart, and he may yet vindicate his claim to patriotism, if lie will only allow those investigations to assume a broad, philojophicul, and practical bearing. 