THE CONFLICT. ¡ IT Booms thon to bo a voiy protty quttrrol ns it »tonds. Wo transfer from our report of the proooodlngs of tho Legislativo Council tho Intimation of tho dooUion of tho Oovornmont na to Betting froe tho prlsonora alluded to iii tho oolobratod Ctroy doapntoh. Tho ttolomn ^ »MY of th« oolonuu of courso moll» ' e. .V.y Ir^tnslgitfW b^ UeotttesatOotarnor to mût oattfce s--l--r-, at fMrtssorte Grey, the leetatary of BtauJer ti« ColoalaaTtS dlserntrs». a»WMMM« Ja aÍttod}>. aad toad«* sentence ander ttwGMVWU Mratloa \- *A,tJl-..W»jfc«f ?%-ofrra»p^e1i^iTln« report of the «elect committee oa this «abject is laid on the table < f \|j House. The Colonial Secretary said ha would answer ttti buestton at once. The recommendation (for «uoh ease, in order that it might be seen if there wa» anything peculiar in the cases of the men no« undergoing their sentence under the Convict« Provention Act, or in any of them, to warrant a departure from the Secretary of State"« »oggeatlon ; and unless it waa found that thorcwa» »omethlng of a peculiar nature, he apprehended that step» would be taken to carry ont the suggestion. Mr. Hodgson: And about waiting until the re- port of tho »elect committee i» received? The Colonial Secretary said that if the Lieu- tenant-Governor's mind wa» made up that the Secretary of State's suggestion should, be aotel upon, he (the Colonial Secretary) apprehended that HI» EsceUency would not feel birnie If juBtifled in withholding mercy from these mea. Bat the select committee would not take ranch Har» before they gave in their report, and he thought that any danger apprehended by the hon. gentle ulan in this respect was moro ideal than real, When, daring the last session of the Legislative Council, in ihe teeth of the disallowance of the original bill, and after a very animated debate, the House ropassei it, in the same words, and by a vary impressive majority,* they thro« down ti» gauntlet to the Colonial Office and all it» r presentatives, upon a grand elementary question of national right. Sir George Grey "suggests" the lifting of that gauntlet, and Sir Charles Hotham " would not feel justified In withholding assent " from that suggestion. The particular " danger" alluded to by the Colonial Secretary we do no understand. Ii it means the danger to be apprehended from the release of the comparatively few men who have been subjected to the operations of this act, we conceive that it is besido the question. The gist of the whole thing rests in the release, by Downlng-stroet authority, of prisoners sentenced ondee a local act, passed amidst general accla- mation, and allowed to be both just and necessary by almost every individual colonist of Victoria. The grand fonda« mental question is brought fairly to an Issue, and the consideration of the conns lo bo adopted by the Legislatura is a very grave one. We think tho obedience of Sir Charles Hotham to the nggestioH of "Downlng-strect tumis«, but that is his business, not oars, The Legis- lative Connell Is placed in a very peculiar position; and if It is ever again to bs quoted as more than the mere ghost and shadow of a Legislature, it moat be a little cautious as to the course that it adopts. t It seems to us that, by the question! asked and the answer (riven yesterday, the tnbjeot baa been divided into two parts. We have, on the ono band, to consider the future, and the best arrangements to be made to guard ourselves against new plots »f the Denison camp; and with this view we may proceed "calmly" ti insider the bill which 1B at last pub« llahed In another column. So calmly Indeed will we enter upon that duty, that to-day we will not comment upoa Its provisions at all. But, on the other hand, the Council has to deal with tho subject of the deliberate slight passed upon It by the Secretary of State for tho Dolonles; to decide upon the vindication of 1U authority, if it still withes to Dherlsh tho delusion that it has any authority; orto succumb at once to the dictation of a badly-Informed gentleman, sixteen thousand miles away, and acknow ledge, with what grace It may : that while It laboriously plays at Parliament, its most solemn and deliberate acts are only "de- monstrations" after al!, and very shadowy and ephemeral demonstrations too I In such critical questions as these, we should be very sorry rashly to interfere. Of the Legislative Council itself, our opinions are no secret. We have always protoated.'agalnst its composition. We have mourned over Its tendenoy to class legla Îatlon ; Its neglect of its responsibilities ; ta little and distant Identification with t'o people. But upon this question it has always been staunch onough. Ths »Und whloh it took last year waa a bold and honorable ono, and It owes it o itself, to tho poople, and to the Mineral body of tho dependencies of jjreat Britain, to deal greatly with a beat question. The tone of tho dp. beoplo upon the Noptuno affair has beoomo bietorloal; and wo defy any Intelligent nan to avoid thinking more highly han he othorwlse would have doio of lie inhabitants of that colony, when he refloota upon the noblo and patrlotio rtand they mado. It Is In things Ilka Ibis that the stamina of a people la tried, and wo owo It to our English :haraotor, and our English descent, to 50 boldly and consistently through this ;!mo of trial. Nay, wo owe It to our own history, »Mott is not nnembellishod with some rlumphs In this samo oause. For let our leoplo romomber that in 1819 tho colonists tad courago enough, in the casa of tho Uashomy and tho .Randolph, to raise the watchword " the convlots shall not laid ;" nd thoy did not land. Tho romonstrauce s .f the poople influenced a gontlonun whoso subservienoy to Downing-stroot imountod to a crime, for once to di sobsy ho special instructions of the Colonial ellice, and to forward on tho felon, hips to Sydnoy. And if, weak, poor, ltd fow, si we were li 1819 ; the 'opondonoy of a dopondoncy, without % Legislature, without publio spirit, without an authorised volco of any sort, f thon wo could do suoh doods, should aro bo satisfied with ¡en lu stirring timos lko thoso? What, thon, booomos of our -aunted p ogross,-of our immediate pro. ipcot of free institutions? What, then, bocomos of our quidriplod numbers,-of ho healthy English spirit of our now «rivals, frosh from English Boones, and still Imbued with English vigor, Englteit purity, and English conceptions of tho rights of gonuino froedom T Tho matter rcBts, howovor, in the hands of tho Legislatura. It rematas for them to doolde whether by a vacillating and pusillanimous conreo thoy will woo a repetition of suoh Insults) or whotherby itetnly standing their ground now, winn ~ïb*j'hiW * Ut field, with the sympathisa ^k-srfi-ry^^Uieaíted jmtn throughomt( 7tt»world7Wl»h them, they will vindloats, ttfco position Äey have assumed, let -hi: ^¿sats^ejasavies,!» what they may. They 'Will soon ltate ttptaaake over their autho . ilty toithftr successors. Will they hand ^sbwtt .èrWStttltí****»*1*T -«"vigorous ~ ana-en«.!*«'.-. they should be; or by allowing" them now to be clipped sad tarnished!will they bequeath to them a fceritage" of lniignlflcance! And as a climax to the whole la the very thick of the contest-comes In the Fergus from Swan Elver, with sixty-swan »tteragf pwtngtnt They are repre- sented by the captain as very exemplary ! people, whloh la little te be wondered at when we consider that the worthy skipper Is liable to a flat of ene hundred pounds aad nix months' imprisonment for every one whom ho has brought who holds a condi- tional pardon, or Is otherwise under the operation of the law. We think that we can guess the composition of this cargo a great deal better than Captain Gilman la likely to tell It us, and we re- commend our readers to get ready their throats and purses; to bless their stars that they ara privileged to live ander British rule ; and If they do shortly find themselves following Jn the path of poor Marcus, Stone, and Drew, to gratefully remember that this is one of the results of "Royal Prerogative!" 