MORMONISM. On Monday evening last, a public discussion of the peculiar tenets of the Latter* Day Saints, was held at the Congregational Chapel, Hindmarsh. - The Mormon disDutants were Messrs. Dowdle and Norton, and their opponents the Rev; J. Kelsey and. Mr Butcher. Inr.accordance with previous arrange ments, each party selected a chairman — Mr. Mahon presiding on behalf of Messrs. Kelsey and Butcher; and Mr. Council I for the Mormons. It was also pre arranged that the chairman so chosen should select a j third, should circumstances appear to require it. The spacious Imildiug was filled to overflowing, many persons having bsen untble to find a seat.. The subjects proposed for discussion were — 1st. The apostocy of the Church established by Jesus Christ and his Apostles. 2nd. The divine authenticity of the book of Mormon. 3rd. The necessity of a new revelation. 4th. The establishment of a new dispen sation by Joseph Smith. Mr. Mahou opened the proceedings by stating that he had been called upon to preside, in place of a gen tleman who was prevented from being present iu consequence of his having taken a passage for Mel bourne. He hopad thai, as they were assembled iu a' piace dedicated to the worship of Gixl, the utmost ' decorum would be observed. It was arranged that each speaker should be allowed twenty minutes in addressing the meeting on the several propositions of the discussion, which the Monnous were to affirm, and \vho?e arguments 'would be met by the opposite darty. Mr. Norton then proceeded to argue in favour of the first point in dispute, namely,. th ; apostacy of the Church. He referred to Matthew, 16th chap. 13th to 20th verses, and laid particular emphasis on the latter part of the 17th verso, from which he argued that there c -uld be no organized priesthood without direct revelation. He then quoted Mark, 16th ch ip. 15th to 18th verses, and contended that the signs which it is there predicted should follow them tiiat biie'e, wee tolieunderat-od as applicable to all ages and circumstances of the Church, without restriction, and endeavoured to establish the inference that the cessation of miracles in the Church wa? evidence of its apostacy. His next quotation' was 1st Corin thians, 12th chap., 1st to 11th versus, which he cited as confirmatory of his position, that had no ivpostacy occurred in the Church, the 'diversity of gifts' therein enumerated wonidluve t-een continued to the preseut time. Ephesians, 4th chap., 8tii verse, was also cited, together with other texts of a similar kind, and the whole argument wound up with an attempt to prove, that either the Apostles were wrong in their statements regarding the organization and privileges of the Church, or the Mormons were ri'^ht in their statements, that an apostacy had taken place. The Kev. J. Kelsey had but little tn say iu reply, because the previous speaker had not attempted to prove his statement by an allusion to facts. The miraculous signs to which he had alluded were in tended to accomplish a definite purpose — the establish ment of Christianity. When that end was attained, they were uo longer necessary, and were consequently withdrawn. Mr. Dowdle argued that the Apostles would not have so frequently warned those to whom they wrote of the dangers of apostacy had no such aangers ex isted. He then rea-l Thessalonians, 2nd chap., 3rd to 10th verse, and argued therefrom, that the ' seeds of apostacy' had been sown in the Church during the apostolic times. He also referred to 1st Timothy, 1st chap., 3rd and 4th verses, and 2nd Timothy, 3rd chap., 1st to 7th verse, for the same purpose, and concluded by reiterating the arguments with which he com menced. Mr. Butcher replied — Tho Ap.istles expected that corruptions would exist in the Church, knowing as they did that men were carnal, aud tbe religion of Christ spiritual. He had never spincii to a Christian man, or minister, who denied that the Church had declined from its primitive integrity. His Mormon friend had not, however, stated what wore his views with regard to what was the truu order of the consti tution of the Church. It was certain that it o -uld not be permanently constituted of Apostles, as his opponent seemed disposed to argue from the texts he had quoted ; because no in in coul-1 st ui I in the posi tion of an Apostle who had not been an cye-wituus3 of the. circu.nstances connected with the death and resurrection of Josua Christ. That was evident from Acts, 1st chap., 22nd vcr.se, and 1st Lonnthians, yth chap., 1st verse. Also from the circuaistancu of the Saviour's second appearance to his disciples, when Thomas was with them. The Apostles were empowered to work miracles, as a special prerogative for a special purpose ; and it was evident from the accouut k'ivou of the hjaling of the cripple at the Beautiful G.ite of the Temple, than even faith ou the part i-i° the reci pient was not indispensable to the performance of the miracle. The reference made by the Apostle to 'another guspal' in one of the passages read by Mr. Dowdle, was au allusion to the Judaizing teachers who sought to instil into the minds of the converts to Christianity that it was necessary on their part to observe the ceremonials of the Law of Moses. Mr. Dowdle said he was very thankful to Mr. Butcher for what ho had advanced, as his arguments only strengthened his own views, lie than read 2ud Peter, 1st chap., 15th to 21st verses, anddirectcl special atteution to the 19tii verse, lie also read 2nd Peter, 2nd chap., 2nd and following versos, and a part of the 3rd chapter-; also Revelations, 12th chap., 1st to 9th verses. Me interpreted r.fi.j w.miiui clothed with the sun as representing ths Chnrcu, her crown of twelve stars signifijJ the twelve Apoules, and the man child was to bo regarded as symbolic of the priesthood. The 5U and 6th verses were to bj interpreted as representative of the absence of the priesthood, and the consequent desolation of the Church for 1,260 years, or a time, times, an. I hilf n time. He then referred to ' M (sheim's iScelusiasti cal History,' in proof that at tiie close of the third century not a vestige of the order of the Church, as establishe.i by the Apostles, was anywhere to bo found. He was in the act of urging the necessity of a reorganization of the Church, when he was in formed by the Chainnau that his time for sps .king had expired. The Ruv. Mr. Kelsey wouM defy any m\n ti show that Mr. Do-vdle had advanced any argu ments in support of his proposition, tint tha Church had apostatised. There was not a Church in existence, and never h-id boeu, which was per fectly pure and free from all evil. But it was a most gratuitous assumption to infer from thencs tbr.t tho Church had apostatised. A reference hal been made to ' Mosheim'3 licelesiasticil History,' font it was well known to all who wore acquainted wi:li tha history of the CnUich, that revival* lia.l often occur red in the Cliurch ; that the Gospel had in all age* been made instrumental in the conversion of souls ; that God had poured out his spirit upon his Cnurch in various times aud iu divers mauuers ; aud i le no doubt would continue to do so to the- end of time, notwithstanding the assaults of Ivlorinoiiism. ('ireat applause.) Mr. Dowdie was at full liberty to put his own interpretation upon the prophecy ia the Revelations which he had read; but if they were to consult half-a-doz 311 com »e. it-Hnrs up -:i the same Dassasre. they would probably find that not two of them agreed m thoir views of its meaning ; but he would ask, where would they fiiid a inan of sane uiiuit who could believe, that God would leave bis Church for many centuries with out order, without any organised constitution, aud without a priesthood, and thus permit his divine purposes ot mercy to be frustrated, notwithstanding liis declared promise concerning it, that ?' the gates of hell shall not prevail against it ?' ( Applau ;e.) Mr. Dowdle then read from Isaiah, 24th chap., 1st to 6th verses, andcoutended at some length thit the prophecy was not intended to apply merely to Palestine, Egypt, England, Australia, or the Salt Lake, but the whole earth. Also, that its accom plishment was the universal apostacy of the Christian Church. The Apostles established tho Clm.-ch on the piinciples of faith, baptism for the remis-iion of sins, repentance, and the impaitation of the Holy Ghost by tha laying on of hands. But he wouM ask in what part of Christendom had that order beeu carried out. Had Christians obeyed the cram md to preach the Gospel to every creature ? He d'l not condemn individuals more thau he did hi:n3eif, but referred to the present condition of things as a proof of the total apostacy »f tne Church. The Rev. Mr. Kelsey contended that thu prophecy referred to was to be considered as applying to the days of the prophet; or, if ic had any reference to the Christian Church, it had certainly never b^en fulfilled. Mr. Dowdle had referred to the coninand to preach the Gospel to every creature-; but did be not know that £100,000 was yearly expended in support of missionary efforts throughout the earth? Did he not know that various societies were each sending forth ten, twenty, thirty, or forty misMuuanes amnntr tUtt VtAnthaii. to teach them the wav of truth ? And did he hot know that Christians were cons.autly gladdened by the intelligence that the heathen were constantly being converted to God? If be could deny- this, .if -he could ? show that the Church had ceased to '«xist, and that his own principles were true.. he might then, and not till then, expect that .his opponents.. would ^bjscpine Monnouite^ by;em ' bracing the tenets ha propounded. ' Mr. Dowdle would state that however much ho might be opposed, his intentions were as iiohest as those of his ?ppononts. lie had. n» do--ire to misrepresent f»ts. Me ctaimel as great a right' to spe-.k in defence of the trnth as his opponents hal to speak aganst it He believed the book of Mormon to be a revelation from God, and would assign his- reasons. The 37ch chapter of Ezekiei contains a command given to ths prophet to take two sticks, upon one of which was to ba written for Jqdah, and the children of Israel, his companions, and upon the other for Joseph, the stick of Ephratm, and for all the house of Israel, his companions. Now, what were those two sticks ? It was. usual in thosa times to write upon parchment, which, when com pleted, was rolled upon a stick of wo;-d. H-jnce, the two sticks referred to two distinct writings or revela tions. The promise made to the tribe of Joseph was, that his portion should be a very fruitful land beyond the sea, even to the bounds of the everlasting hills. He would, therefore, maintain that the second reve lation, signified by the stick of Joseph, whose portion was to be beyond the sea, had reference to the book of Mormon, which had. been translated from the golden plates by Joseph Smith, acting under the command of an angel from heaven. The lost tribes passed into America 600 years before the coining of Christ, whose death and resurrection was made known by revelation from God to the true church in \inerica. An allusion to the translation made by Joseph Smith was contained in Tsaiah,29th chap., 1 1 th aud 12th verses; and that such a translation had actually been made was proved by the testimony of twelve men who had seen the original plates, and could vouch for the authenticity of the copy. If it could be shown that he (Mr. Dowdle) was deceived, he would abandon his views; but till then he would feel justified in retaining them. There we're many other proofs iu scripture of what he had advanced, but his time being limited he could not then allude to them. It being past 10 o'clock, it was arranged to con clude the discussion- ou Monday evening. 