GERMAN PROPHECIES ON THE STATE OF THE CHURCH. (From the Dublin Eevieio.) We shall now proceed to the visions and pro phecies of Holzhauser the favoured servant of Got*. From his jreat orthodoxy and holiness — ' the blessings which attended his pastoral ministry — the miracles which he wrought — and the visions which he was early favoured with, we might argue an antecedent probability that his -prophetic enunciations arc truthful and genuine. Moreover, when 'it is recollected, that learned theologians declare that these prophecies contain nothing cbn ti'iirw to Sru-inViirp iinrl pr^lpsinstirnl f-iv-irlifinn ? ? when we note, too, their style, and compare their sublime bearing and import with the admitted mediocrity of the author's talents ; — when we re member, also, the strict fulfilment which many of his written, as well' as oral . predictions have already received, and that the unfulfilled ones are borne out by like prophecies of 'other holy men, the probability will, to some minds, acquire almost the form of conviction. It is remarked by the. editor, M. Clarus, that the prophecies of .the Old Testament are distin guished for a comparative plainness and distinct ness of language ; while those, of the New are remarkable 'for their allegorical- diction and pro fusion of symbols. Arid the reason for: this 'dif ference Is clear. The former prophecies, as they were designed to prepare the Jews for the Messiah and His kingdoms -Mid to attest the truth of His' divine mission, must needs, be freer from obscu-' rities than those, addressed to a people who possess' the Incarnate Truth ever present, though invisible, among .them, and 'to whom the future' can be, comparatively' speaking, little more' than a 'matter of edifying ciiriosiiy.' ' ?'? ? :'?'?'.? Ilolzliauser furnishes ;i ke'v to- most 'of thf-! symbols and' allegories in his own1 visions, a^t well as to those of. the Apocalypse of. St.. John, in 'his Commentary, upon toat. book;. The .tqn visi.o'ns,; 'which, as has been, stated, this man. of .Godwin obedience, to the. Bishop .of Chiemsee, committed t-x writing, he'aecompmued with a Commentary ;. jlmt'Vts' the learned' 'editor,' M. Cliirus,^ lias observed' :(}\q full 'bearing 67'' t¥esev:prajjhecies. Holzuauser s«em'sluot al ways. nimself to- have und&rktlpdi-;';''-: -; \ It is indeed a proof of the divine origin of a genuine prophecy, that the mind of the prophet should be in a passive state, and should not always fully comprehend the inyjort of the vision brought before him. To the first four visions out of the ten, Holz bauser 'appends no explanation ; but the editor has, as has been above mentioned, subjoined some judicious, though too diffuse remarks, which will serve as a guide in this analysis. In the first Vision the prophet sees seven most unclean and hideous beasts, tha£ with all their young ones come before, and insult, and blas pheme the throne of the Eternal. The first beast is a toad, accompanied with a countless brood of young ones, which have parrot voices. This beast, according to the editor, represents false in flated science. The second is a most heavily laden camel, acd is overburthened with the price of the blood of Christ. This beast typifies those ' in whose hands is mischief, and i whose right hand is full of bribes.' Ps. xxvi. 10\. The third b'east- is a neighing stallion, and is the emblem of impurity. The fourth beast is an immense terrific serpent, symbolising infidelity, and is in close connexion with the other beasts and derives aid and surmort from them. The fifth beast is like unto a bog wallowing in its ; slough, and is the fitting emblem of gluttony and j every species of intemperance. The sixth beast is j a furious wild boar, and is the symbol of heresy in its violent assaults against the Church. This boar fixes its tusks in the tree of life, and the blood of Christ, which is the sap of that tree, flows copiously down. The seventh beast was dead and had no name. What it signified, Holz hauser declares himself he knew not. But as in the same vision he saw a land, called the Priests' Land, wherein was a tree watered by rivulets, but which even in summer bore no leaves nor fruits, the editor not improbably concludes, that ' the dead beast, which had no name,' typifies the unworthy degenerate members of the Catholic priesthood, whose works are dead. Of these visions we have only room for a few extracts. There is a truly apocalyptic grandeur ia the following vision, wherein the anti-chvistian Satanic philosophy of the last and present centuries is symbolized. : ' The fourth beast was like unto a snake, full in veuuui, turn gaii, cinu uillci ness, turn envy. The serpent was very vast and terrible. It lifted up its head against Him who sat upon the throne, gnashed its teeth at the children of God, and bit and devoured itself out of envy, and the swelling of its venoni.^ And I saw how the beast ruled in heaven, on earth, and under the earth ; how it gnawned the grass, and the flowers of the earth, and darKened the stars of heaven. Most fearful were its tail, and tongue, and teeth. This beast, too, had in like manner many male and female ; young onesj great and small, which did the like in heaven and on earth. A beast there was most terrible ; I shuddered at its aspect ; I was afea'rd, ! and was amazed exceedingly. Its name I knew j not. And from the throne of Majesty came forth j a voice, which spake, This is the Murderer of j souls. Ard I heard a voice which spake witli i another, and cried out : ' Salvation and jubilee to j our God, and the Lamb upon the throne of judg ment, and punishment, and recompense ; for He is terrible, and almighty, and can avenge their wickedness on the inhabitants of earth. Avenge | the image of Thy face, great and righteous Judge ! ! by hail, and sulphur, and pitch, by the fire and the burning of eternity, and in the 'earthquakes of Thine Almightiness T And I heard the voice of thousands and tens of thousands who cried, ' So be it, so be it.' ' — vol. i. pp. .175 — 6. 'The. two next visions though vague and ob-'. scure, have clearly reference to the future triumphs. which the Church, ai tor the tribulations and anguish she lias had to endure for' the last three centuries, is yet destined, according to ancient prophecy and tradition, to celebrate on earth.' This subject we shall have occasion ''to recur to, when we come to speak of Holzhauser's prophetic: comments on the Apocalypse. We pass on to the fourth vision, to which the venerable author has himself furnished us with a key, and which, remarkable as it is for its clear-' 'ness and vivid beauty, possesses a surpassing 'in-' teresi ior me jtt-ngiisn reader. ' 1 stood in the year 1635 by the Danube, giving alms to the banished, and offering up pray-: erk for the whole earth. I stood towards the north and westj and my heart poured itself out in many lamentations before G.od, . saying :, 'How long will the adversary hold this kingdom in bondage, which swinimeth with the blood of martyrs, spilled : by that accursed woman, Jezabcl, as she wished -tor feign in the Church of God V And'I beard at the same time that the lawful sacrifice' would be intermitted for one hundred, and twenty, years ; and on the other, side of the s.ea. I, saw immense lands, and how. peoples and tongue's, thronged '.tof .gtsiuer^ cinu now. wie ianci was ,in\yarqiy.siniKen oy. allies,' ' as by'.au eavtliqualce.'^' The ]pro-%ious multitude I saw diyuitd,, Jii'id I ''beheld' the 'king standing;-™ ;the -midst, ' And it' was tolil me,. *; All. rests with the ki-n-r,.iiud the- kin?- is,' ak it were,' SOldr ,.; -V. :? . ?*/::» . f~,. M '.?',. j \ff. ;),;;., \ ?' .... 4\Ajod. towards;,, the,, west, the :lieaye|ns:i.were-; opened, -and the l'und 'trembled as 'with ?an; eartli!-' quake, antl.th.e, nations rwere, shaken, , and'.^ter'ro'r; ;came over th'e'whole kingdom ; -iiid' it; was i told' 'mV: , ''On'tiieTking 'dependeta''. the' salvation, of-' the. people:! ;V^ndiit.1seeme-i':tck^re as if he refu sed ; and I heard : 4 If the king will not, tUet- will he be smitten.' And the heavens again opened towards ttie 'west ; a large fiery ball came down, flew oblique, and smote the king. And now his kingdom rested in peace, and the land was illuminated. ' And lo ! I saw a ship sail'iy in the sen, and arrive in port, and righteous and holy men, who' were in the ship, landed, and they began to [ reach, the Gospel in those countries. They prospered in their undertaking ; and that land returned tw peace and to the sanctifioation of Jesus Christ.' — '' vol. i. p. 215. Holzhauser, as we have seen above, told the Jesuit Rather Lyprand, that iiis vision had refer ence to England, and to her religious and politi cal destinies. In brief but graphic lines were here shadowed out to the prophet's eye many lead ing events in the history of our Church and State for the last three hundred years. The bloody persecution of the British Catholics by Jezabel — Queen Elizabeth — the political feuds of the British nation — the colonization of English America— the Great Rebellion — the sale of King Charles 1. by the Scotch — his unwillingness to embrace the Catholic faith (1) — his tragic execution — the suspension of the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass for the space of one hundred and twenty years, namely, from the year 1658, when the saying of Mass was pro hibited, under penalty of death, down to the year 1778, when the penal laws were relaxed (2)— --the gradual return of England to the Catholic faith, whereof many learned men now see the begin nings (3) — the holy foreign missionaries that have or are now preaching the faith in England, such as the French emigrant priests fifty years ago — and the Italian Passionists (4) and tiosminians, the Belgian Liguorians, and the French Conceptionists of our own day— all are here either announced or indicated. The full accomplishment of this pro phecy is reserved for the future, and in our humble opinion, not very remote future. M. Beykirch, M. Clarus, and the learned reviewer of Holzhauser's Commentary on the Apocalypse in the Historisch-politische Blatter — all agree that none of his published prophecies have as yet re ceived so exact a fulfilment as this respecting England. We have now only space to notice, and that briefly, one more vision. The seventh refers to the destinies of Church and State in Germany, and more remotely in Europe. VV'e can give but a portion of it. ..'... ' After this I saw a countless multitude of worms, gathered together against a great worm. And they fell upon it, and bit it, and there was no one to free it from their bites * * * * 'There was a hot contest : the great worm came into sore straits ; but . Cattus fell upon tb« little worms many. times, .how often I cannot say, and put them' to flight. And T saw how Cattiu obtained the victory, and rescued the great worm from the hands of its foes I approached nearer, and saw the great worm covered, with many wounds, almost dead. And while this was going on, I saw everywhere on the earth men and cattle slain. . A great wound was stricken on the earth, and it overflowed with blood. I was amazed exceedingly, and fear fell upon me.' Holzhauser has himself given' the key to th':4 vision, ' . 'The following,' says; he, 'is the interpreta tion. The many worms are the foes of the em peror and empire. The latter is signified by the great worm. After their defeat at Nordlingen, (5) and our expedition against France, the foes of the emperor assembled under the French King, and inflicted much injury on the emperor. No one was there tn deliver him from their bites ; aban doned by all, he fell into sore straits. Cattus, whom t'hou hast seen, is the true general, whose prudence God will make use of, to' administer aid. and. to evince fidelity, even, in extremist dis tress.' ??????' ???: ? Then ITokhauser adds : ? ' If thou hast observed how everywhere on the earth men and cattle are slain, and a great wound has been stricken, and everywhere the earth over ?* flows with; blood, tlie following' is the import, thereof, ' In the world there will be wars, 'ami the Lord, \v ?: 'iisoquenceof the frightful sins des cribed in t!;j v.vr-t vision, under the signs of seven beasts; Avi i exercise in other parts of the earth His predetermined wrath. Few will be left on the earth ;.'!?? 'nivf-oms will fall into,confusion ; princi palities' will be. overturned ; '[dynasties will be brought lenv ; states ;will perish, , and almost all men will come to beggary. .The bloodhound 'will wor:\v the Church, and;: on the earth theiro will prevail the greatest tribulation, and all manner of ?confusion.'— -vol.; i* pp.;.244-5, ? V The; 'concluding passage of this ' Interpreta . tionv -evidently sliow,s thut, as frequently happens the vjsion of; the seer, was gradually extended, and ,,that. the' ; Thirty, Years' jYV\ar fornVe'd'only the fore ground of; that miglitv picture,- which* Omnipo ; jenco ;by degrees unroljed . to his eye.' W hat more .graphic'; portraiture , could -'-be.: traced of the reli-i . gious and-, apolitical; condition '.of Eu'iopc for the ,Ias't¥ eighty y.etirs; thiin hy -the.' words underlini-d, '.written tip w'aras :pf two centuries;1 ago ? ?''Their . ,tai1tb i? tyrr palpable- to- .need aycumnifciit, V»'o ' ncsd o'nly.; point out that general paiipe'rism, which yis'.biio pttjlie.- most; salient characteristics of our ;tiirie:';r'V-l)ep'au;KMnib;untur-'({unisVonjnVs.'l':' 'This ? ?goneM'p^^^ is th.e ?fruit of infidelity; -that has 'dried' up'^theJfprhiss of 'fraternal -charity, and of- revolutions that have 1 confiscated the property of 'the clergy and of large ( proprietors, put down religious orders arid lay a confraternities, despoiled so many charitable \ foundations, and convulsed , all the relations of a trade and industry. It is tlie child, too, of that f false political economy, which made the increase of i population the first care of government, gave such f undue extension to the manufacturing system, ( and instead of reforming abuses in the ancient i guilds, totally suppressed .them, and thus aban- - doned the honest tradesman to a ruinous compe- i titionl left the artisan without resource in the hour 1 of sickness and want, and the public without pro- i tectio.n against unskilfulness and fraud. - 'We.must'nbw pass to Holzhausers' Commen- j tary on the Apocalypse. Tiiis 'Commentary, - written in Latin, and which remained in manu- ] script for a century and a half, was first printed ] at Bamberg and at Wiirzburg in the year 1784-. '. An able reviewal of the Latin original two years ' ago, in the Historisch-pplitische Blatter, first called the attention of the German public to this i most remarkable work ; and the sensation thereby 1 created, induced M. Clarus to publish a German ' translation of the Commentary, the following year. It is from this translation we shall speak of the 1 book. . , ' A learned theologian, after perusing this Com- - mentary, ' candidly declared, that 'after Holz- ? hauser all commentators .on the Apocalypse : appeared to him to have written like children.' ' And in truth there is an earnestness, an unction, a fullness and depth of remark, a certain luminous : minuteness of explanation, which forcibly con vince the reader that Holzhauser wrote according to an internal light, and that the same Spirit ' which dictated St. John's mysterious book, had deigned to unseal it to his commentator. l' Even in leaving out of consideration,' says : the German critic above inferred to, ' the predic tions as to the Future contained in Holzhauser's Commentary, we cannot but, be surprised at' the manner in which it appreciates the Past The book is written in a simple and artless style ; but we there, find a great depth of thought and a knowledge of history, which is quite beyond the author's .time, and is the more striking, as this holy priest 'was neither a scholar nor a philoso pher, nor were his intellectual qualities above the average standard. (6) The following is the fundamental idea of his Commentary upon the Apocalypse. The seven stars and the seven golden candle sticks which St. John saw, when he was ravished in spirit, represent the seven epochs in the church's history from her foundation to the last judgment. To these periods correspond again the seven churches of Asia Minor, to which the word of the Lord in the vision is addressed, as well as the seven days of creation, the seven ages of the world before Jesus Christ, and the seven gifts of the, Holy, Ghost. Obliged to confine ourselves to a very short analysis, we will merely point out the heads _ of Holzhauser's Prophesies, and we will leave 'the appreciation of their correctness to those wlio have meditated on the historic develop ment of Christianity. The first epoch, 'which he calls that of seed time, (the status seminationis), which compre hends the period that elapsed from the preaching of our Lord Jesus Christ and His apostles, down co the martyrdom of St. Peter and St. Paul under Nero. The second epoch, called the period of ir rigation, (status irrigationis), is that of the perse third, which extends from that emperor down to Charlemagne, is the period of illumination, (status illuminationis.) The fourth, which dates from the re- establishment of the western empire under Charlemagne, and terminates with the age of Charles V. and Leo X., is the time of peace, (the status pacificus.) The fifth epoch, which com mences with the birth of Protestantism, and wherein we still live, is the state of tribulation, (status afflictionis.) ' This,' says Holzhauser, ' is a state of trou ble, desolation, humiliation, and poverty for the church. We may with just reason call it a state of purification, in' which the Lord Jesus Christ Jtms sifted His wheat, and will sift it again by war's, by seditions, by famines, by epidemics, and other scourges, by the tribulation and the poverty which he will suffer to weigh on the Latin church, by means of heretics and bad Christians, who will take from- her the greater part of her bishop rics and countless monasteries, especially the wealthier ones. She is oppressed even by Catho lic princes, and despoiled by means of taxes, im posts, and other extortions : so that we may say, in groaning with the Prophet Jeremiah, ? The queen 'ot' nations hath been placed under the yoke/ The church is become poor and miserable, because she hath been calumniated by heretics, because her ministers are despised by bad Chris tians, who render them, neither honour nor res T-6Ct. By all these means God will sift His ?wheat ; lie will cast the chaff away to be burnt, «nd will gather the. wheat into His barns. The filth state of the church is the state of tribulation, the state of apostacy, full of miseries of every kind. £ew will be spared by the sword, by famine, and by pestilence: We shall see kingdom rase against kingdom ; empires will be divided in themselves, and brought to desolation ; princi ..jpaJitie^.aod monarchies will be overturned, and aiipaost the 'whole world will sink into poverty. The greatest desolation will reign over the earth. ^11 this hath in part been already accomplished anno Domini 1656) ; a part remains yet to be iccomplished. These things will come to pass )y the very just judgment of God, because of the iccumulated mass*of our iniquities, whereof our athers and ourselves have filled up the measure, '? it the moment when the mercy of Almighty God i iwaited our doing penance. The fifth day of ; creation, on which the earth brought forth birds, I fishes, and beasts of the field, is a type of this ;poch, wherein men, like to the birds of the air ! ind the fishes of the water, give themselves up to license, sink to the level of the brute, and wallow in lust. In this lamentable state of the church, ilivine and human laws are wichout force, and made of light account ; the doctrines and precepts of the church are despised ; ecclesiastical disci-' pline is not better., observed by the priests, than political order is maintained by the people. Every one, like the beasts of the field, believes what he pleases, and does what he wills. ' The correspondence of this period with the fiffVi acra nf frho nnciont. wnrlrl fmm Snlnmnn rinvvn to the Babylonish captivity, is extremely striking. Then Israel fell into idolatry, and Judah and Benjamin were alone true to the covenant. So in the times we speak of, a large portion of the Ca tholic population has fallen away from the true church ; while a small number only of good chris tians hath survived. The Jewish state was then ruined, arid was harassed and oppressed by hea thens ; so also has .the holy Roman empire of Germany been ravaged and dismembered by the neighbouring nations. * * * * ' To this age has been accorded the gift of counsel ; for counsel did the church need in order to counferact such fearful calamities, and to uphold the Catholic faith. This gift of counsel was revealed in the Council of Trent, in the in stitution of the Society of Jesus, by whose exer tions, learning, and sanctity, the Catholic faith and the church throughout Europe, were rescued from destruction. ' A type of this epoch is the Church of Sardis — a word that signifieth the beginning of beauty ; for the calamities of this period will be the be ginning of a better time. Divine providence hath wisely ordained that the church which He will cause to endure unto the end of the world, should be moistened from time to time with the waters of tribulation, as the gardener watereth his garden in the time of drought.'- — Beykirch, pp. 21-3. ' 1 The last words of Charles L on the scaffold were, ' I die a Protestant.' 2 It is remarkable that in British America also, the same penalty against saying mass was in force from the year 1663 down to the year 1783, when it was abrogated, making exactly a period of one hundred and twenty years, during which the Holy Sacrifice was intermitted, at least in public. 3 Holzhauser expressly states that the conver sion of England will be gradual. 4- The reader may perhaps remember, that the venerable Founder of the Order of Passionists, Father Paul of the Cross, once beheld in a vision, after celebrating mass, his own Religious preach ing the faith in England. This vision occurred about eighty years ago. 5 At Nordlingen in 1634-, the Imperialists gained a great victory over the Swedes. 6 See Historisch- politische Blatter, vol. xxi. 