CHEAP AND NASTY. To the Editor of the Times. Sir—Actuated, no doubt, by tbe same beautiful and touching impulse that induced the " deputy shepherd" to show his great regard for "the Wel lers" by never leaving anything in the bottle of pine-apple rum but- the cork and the smell, Messrs Hamilton and Babbage have, with a disinterested ness not unworthy of the "red nosed man" himself, just given the colony two notable specimens of their extreme zeal for the public welfare. Bv your paper of the 1 Ot.h instant I learn that Mr Hamilton succeeded in persuading the members of that liberal institution, the Road Board, to lengthen the hours of their Clerks from 10 till 4 to 9 till 5 ; but. Sir, I did not learn that for this in creased amount of work these much-to-be-envied Clerks were to have an increased arjount of pay. I am also informed that Mr Babbage, moved by the example of his generous brother, and anxious to prove his devotion to the system which, for want of a better phrase, has been denominated the " cheap and nasty," made an edifying speech to the Board on the impropriety of allowing any of their officials tohave the ghost of a chance of reading any of the public journals during office hours With the laudable view, then, of preventing the Clerks neglecting their duties, he proposed that the prac tice, which had hitherto obtained, of taking in the newspapers should be discontinued. The motion was carried. Now. Sir, I don't know what you think about this business, hat I know what that sworn enemy of humbug, and terror of all importers. Mr Punch, would. To me it appears about as rank a case of snobism as ever came before the pub'ic. Mr Babbage, following in the wake of Mr Hamilton, reminds me of an anecdote that is told of Sheridan and a certain baronet. They had been dining out together, and on their way homeward were pretty much in the same delightful state of mind and body as Mr Stiggins was when intro duced by brother Tadgar to the female constituency 'of the celebrated Brick Lane Branch of the Ebenezar Temperanee Association. After many desperate struggles to preserve his perpendicular the obfuscated baronet at last fell into the gutter. Sherry, who was scarcely a shade steadier than the baronet, did all in his power t.n get him on hit legs again, but finding all his efforts unavailing he thickly stammered out. My dear, dear friend, I—I—can't help you, —but—I'll do all I can for you—I'll—I'll lie down in tbe dirt with you.'' I am. Sir, your obedient servant, Not a luchy Engineer with Nine Hundred Pounds a-year. Adelaide, 11th March, 1854. Death op Wooller.—One of the political cele brities of the last generation has just departed from amongst us. Jonathan Wooller expired in the 68th year of his age. Having for a number of years secluded himself from active life his name of late, hut rarely appeared before the public, and the existing race of politicians, generally speaking, know little of his former career. lie first brought himself into notice as a political writer by the publication of a weekly periodical, under the title of the Black Dwarf, which ad vocated extreme Radical opinions, and was a bold and dangerous experiment on the part of the author ; and it was not long before he was marked out for vengeance by the then Attorney-General, Sir Samuel Shepherd. Numbers 4 and 11 were selected by that high functionary on which to pour the vials of his wrath. It is now trnly laughable to think on what slight pretexts the Tory Govern ment of that period sought to violate and cripple the liberty of the press. One of the prosecutions alluded to was for an imputed libel upon a parcel of dead Kings ! But the main object of the Go vernment, consisting, as it did, of Castlereagh, Sidmouth. and their equally worthy colleagues, was to inflict a deadly blow upon the constitution. This was dexterously accomplished by the intro duction of what were called the Six Acts, which were avowedly lulled against Wooller's Black Dwarf and Cobbett's cheap Political Begister, the sale of both of which was immense, and the opinions they circulated undoubtedly had a strong tendency to revolutionize the country. But the blind infatuation of the Government in directing these penal proceedings appears now, in the view of reflecting persons, to have been the very height of madness, /hey suddenly invested the accused with a degree of importance, and gave them an amount of influence which they never could have acquired in the ordinary course of tilings. The jury, on one of Mr Wooller's trials, pronounced a verdict of Acquittal, but on the other the de fendant was found Guilty. Both trials took place at the Guildhall, in the City of London, and in both instances Mr Wooller defended himself. Seldom has a court of justice been so suddenly taken by surprise, so completely electrified by a butst of oratorical powers, as on the occasion in question. Nor was Mr Wooller's eloquence of that flashy description which dnzzles for a moment, and then leaves only a haze behind. It was clear, cogent, logical, and convincing. Poor Sir Samuel Shepherd ! We think we see him now, with his silver ear trumpet (he was very deaf), while the defendant's wit, and humour, and argu ment. produced a deep as well as vivid impression. Wooller'8 fame was established. To enter into a j detail of all the subsequent events of his life would lead us into too lengthened a space. At the time of the agitation of the question of Parliamentary Reform, and when the popular fever was at its height, he was elected ' legislatorial attorney' for Birmingham, a proceeding which was manifestly illegal, and led to the incarceration of our hero for a period of 18 months in Warwick gaol. When the Reform Bill -was passed, he wisely concluded that the field of his political labours was closed ; and with prudence and discretion, for which he was eminently remarkable, he abandoned political life altogether, and connected himsalf in the legal pro fession with the late Alderman Harmer, to whom his knowledge and abilities were of the highest value. But Mr Wooller's acquirements were not confined to any one particular range. His genius may be said to have been Universal. lie was well read in general literature, and an excellent judge of the fine arts. The caustic severity of his stric tures was never tinctured with ill natnre or bad feeling. He was a particular friend of Major Cart wright and Jeremy Bentham, one of the most pro found, though eccentric, thinkers of the age. He may be said to have been fortunate in the choice ol his friends, nor less so in his domestic relations. Of him it may be frilly stid, that * ho dared be honest in the worst of times.* His personal and public integrity were beyond suspicion. Bat he was the victim of an act of the most cruel injustice, At otre period he was induced to study for the bai but the benchets of Lincoln's-inn, from the mosl paltry and pitiful motives, refused to admit him and thui his fairest prospects were for ever blighted A noble, generbus-heslrted man himself, fie lifts lefl e hind a widow destitute of all provision. 