fmtth. Inadvertence and Epicurism.—When the Duke of Wellington was at Paris, as Commander of the Allied Armies, he was invited to dine with Cam baceres, one of the most distinguished statesmen and gourmets of the time of Napoleon. In the course of dinner, his host having helped him to some particu larly recherche dish, expressed a hope that he found it agreeable. " Very good," said the Duke, who was probably reflecting on Waterloo 5 " very good, but I really do not care what I eat." " Good God!" ex claimed Cambaceres, as he started back, and dropped his fork; " Don't care what you eat! What did you come here for, then ?" Vegetation.—A Philadelphia judge and punster having observed to another judge on the bench that one of the witnesses had a vegetable head, " How so ?" was the inquiry. " He has carroty hair, reddish cheeks, a turnip nose, and a sage look." A Strong Prescription.— An alderman once called on Dr. Francis, when the foil wing dialogue took place:—" Doctor, I have a strong ten dency to gout; what shall I do to arrest it?" " Take a bucket of water and a ton of anthracite three times a week." " How ?" " Drink the former, and carry the latter up three pair of stairs." . To Turnkeys.—The authorities of the prison at Bath advertise this week as follows:— " Wanted, a respeotable man, to act as turnkey in a county prison. One who understands music, can play the organ, and sing bass, would be preferred." "Fast" Literature.—A sporting " gent" who has courageously entered the '• lists " at several betting-houses, has lately purchased an elaborate work on " Ethnology," in consequence of his having heard that it will give him much information on the 1 subject of " races."—Punch.. Breach of Promise Poetry.—In a re cent breach of promise case, somewhere down East, the following evidence was put in by the plaintiff against the defendant: " Elizabeth Crocker, my dear. I love you. dear, true and sincere; 1 cannot express my mind. But my heart is truly thine. I tell you as plain as man can speak, I love you as true as my life; And I shall never be easy, my dear, Until you become my -wife. If you object to me, I will never ask woman again For one year, two, or ten." The writer of such poetry as this had to pay 1,500 dollars damages. Served him right.—American papa-. An elderly female, on being examined be fore the magistrate at Bungay as to her place of legal settlement, w^g asked what reason she had for sup posing that her deceased husband's settlement was in St. Andrews? The old lady, looking earnestly at the bench, said—" He was born and married there; aud they buried him there; and if that isn't settling him there, I don't know what is." " Speaking of dogs," says Thayer to his 1 friend Warren, " can you tell me how many dog-days I there are in a year ? " Yes, about fifteen or sixteen I suppose." " You are wrong ; there are moie than that," exclaimed Thayer; "you know Mr. Shakspeare says, !' every dog has his day'—and all the dogs hayn't been | counted vet—so there's ho knowing exactly how many dog-days there are." 1 Two men, in dispute, reflected upon each other's veracity. One of them replied " That he was never whipped but once by his father, and that was for telling the truth." " T believe, then," retorted the other, " the truth was whipped out of you, for you have never spoken it since." A Yankee editor says, " Cold bathing, pure water, plain diet, a clean shirt, and a printer's receipt, are indispensable to health and happiness." Cause and Effect.-;—It is said that a cause is always followed by effect, but this is not the case at all events at law, where a cause is too frequently fol lowed by " No Effects." The Rappers.—The following amusing account of a Dutchman's consultation with this caba listical body is taken from a late American paper :■— " 1st dat you Mrs Hauntz ?" inquired the Dutchman. "Yes, dearest, it is your own wife, who—" " You lie you tevil of a ghost," interrupted Hauntz, starting from his seat; " mine frow .speak noting but Dutch, and sbe never said ' tearest' in her life—it vas always, * Hauntz you tie?!' or, ' Hauntz, you tirfcy shkamp !' and the Dntchman hobbled from the room well satis fied that the " rapping spirits" were all humbug, and that he was safe from any further communication with his shrewish." frow" on this earth. How. to Write the Biography of a Woman.—An impudent fellow says; " show me all the dresses a woman has worn in the course of her life, and I will write her biography from them." .A Regular PumpI—An eminent teetotaller being requested by " a few of his admirers " to sit for his portrait; consented," on condition that it should he taken in water-colours." . . A Meeting not Desirable.—" When shall we three meet again," as the up, the down, and the luggage train said, when they all ran into one another st the junction. —Punch. 