INQUESTS. An inquest was held on Monday, at the Commercial Hotel in Sussex-street, on the body of Robert Gee It appeared from the evidence that the deceased was a shipbuilder by trade and 47 years of age ; he had lodged for a considerable time at the hotel. He had latterly complained of a cold in his head. On Saturday evening he returned from his work and went to bed as soon as he came home without taking his tea. About half-past eleven at night, a Mr. Warden went to his bedroom to offer him an orange as he had complained of being thirsty, but when called by Mr. W. he made no reply. Supposing him to be asleep Mr W left the room very quietly for fear of awaking him. On the following morning Mr. Warden went to see deceased and observing that he was in the same position as on the previous night, he thought something was wrong, and upon examination ascertained that he was dead. Dr. Mackeller made a postmortem examination of the body, and found extensive disease of the liver and heart in the doctors opinion, the deceased died from enlargement and fatty degeneration of the heart. Verdict — " Died by the visitation of God." Another inquest was held on Wednesday, at the Wellington Inn George-street South, on the body of Ann Crowe deceased. It seems that on Thursday morning she was alive and in apparently good health, but suddenly took sick and died the same night. A 'wake' was held upon the corpse, and a man named Neville who was one of the guests, observed some marks of violence upon the features of the corpse, and mentioned them to Crowe, who replied that if he saw her body he would see worse marks. Neville con- sequently suspected that the poor creature had not come fairly to her end, and gave information and made an affidavit, which led to the arrest of Mr. Crowe, a warrant being issued for apprehension. The corpse had been interred, but it was exhumed by order of the Coroner, who held the inquest, when the facts of the case as they appeared in evidence, completely exonerated Crowe who was discharged from custody, and a verdict of Natural death was recorded. On Thursday, an inquest was held on the body of Mary Ann Scoltock thirty nine years of age, at the Lighthouse Hotel. From the evidence of deceased's husband, it appeared that she was a woman of temperate habits, and always in very good health. On Monday night last, about ten o'clock witness and deceased returned home, but on opening their door they had to stand on the edge of the stairs leading to the kitchen ; deceased opened the front door, and witness followed, shutting the door after him, when, almost immediately, witness heard some one falling down stairs, and with it a scream ; deceased must have missed her footing. Witness, then ran down stairs and found her lying on her back, apparently severely injured ; she complained of a pain in the back of her neck ; witness brought her up stairs and put her on the bed, and wished to send for a doctor, but she would not permit witness ; she was attended by Mrs Summons, a neighbour, up till 10 o'clock on Tuesday night when she died. Sarah Summons's evidence, cor- roborated that of the last named witness. James Charles Russell, surgeon, deposed that he was called in on Wednesday morning, about 7 o'clock, to see the deceased, and on witness's arrival he found the deceased dead. There was no marks of violence on the body, and witness believed that death was the result of injury of the spine sustained, in all probability, from a fall. The Jury returned a verdict of ' Died from injuries accidentally received.' Another inquest was also held on Thursday, on the body of George Baldock, aged seventeen years, at the Dove Inn. From the evidence of the deceased's father, it appeared that the youth was always in good health and on Monday last was at his work and went to bed in his usual health. On Tuesday morning, about three o'clock, he took suddenly ill, with a pain in the bowels and witness got up and gave him a warm bath, which relieved him a little ; throughout the day he was better, having got three or four doses of castor oil, but which he could not keep on his stomach ; deceased also com- plained of an intolerable thirst. On Wednesday morning he appeared to be getting worse seeing which, witness sent for Dr. Bennett, but he was not at home ; Dr. Bennett did not arrive till after deceased died, which was about three o'clock on Wednesday morning. The Jury returned a verdict of Died by the visitation of God.' Royal Victoria Theatre - This Theatre will be re-opened on Monday evening next under the auspices of Mr. Torning, the present lessee. During the recess extensive alterations have been made in the interior of the Theatre, under the immediate superin- tendence of Mr. Torning, The pit has been considerably enlarged, the boxes rendered more comfortable and the whole of the arrange- ments much better that they previously were. Many new and elegant scenes have been added, and the proscenium presents a very chaste and lively appearance. An excellent company has been engaged, and we feel assured that no expense has been spared by Mr. Torning. to render the Theatre as complete and comfortable in every department as it can possibly be. It will be seen from the advertisement in another column, that the performances for Monday evening are of a very attractive nature ; and we doubt not that the first night of the season will prove a most remunerative one for the enterprising and talented lessee. Grand Oratorio at St. Benedict's Church — Nothing per- haps shows so highly cultivated a taste as a love of music ; this science is unquestionably one that conduces more to the refinement and elevation of the mind than any other ; for as the immortal bard of Avon has so sweetly sang— The man that hath no music in himself, Nor is not moved with concord of sweet sounds, Is fit for treasons, stratagems, and spoils; The motions of his spirit are dull as night, 'And his affections dark as Erebus: Let no such man be trusted. A love of music, there can be ho doubt, is a peculiar characteristic of our Australian public, particularly in the native portion— and so it ought to be in this sunny region of the South. It is seldom, however, that we have been enabled to enjoy a really rich treat of this kind ; our musical resources have hitherto been too limited. On Wednesday evening next however the lovers of music— and who does not love the concord of sweet sounds?— may expect the greatest musical treat which has ever been offered in this hemi- sphere. The Oratorio, to be given at St. Benedict's Church, in Parramatta street, on that evening, will, we are persuaded, be the grandest musical offering ever attempted in this colony. All the available talent of the metropolis, both vocaI and instrumental, has been secured, and the pieces which have been selected are of the very highest order. We need only state that the selections are from the sublime productions of Hadyn, Handel, Mendelsshon, Cherubini, and other masters of equal celebrity, to convince our readers that this will be no ordinary performance, but one which will not be soon forgotten by those who may have the good taste to attend it. The proceeds are to be devoted to the completion of the very chaste and elegant structure in which the Oratorio will take place: and we are quite satisfied that this alone, independent of ihe intrinsic beauty of the pieces to be performed, will be sufficient to ensure an overflowing audience. We sincerely hope that the Oratorio will meet with the greatest success. Independent Rifle Club. — This club though so recently established is progressing very well, and bids fair to become an excellent institution, for the exercise of many of our young colonists in the field sports and exercises, in which our fellow- countrymen in the mother country so much excel. Several shooting meetings have been held and some excellent firing has been shown. A little more practice and we think the members of this club, will be able to cope with some of the older riflemen. Though it is only a month since the club was initiated, it numbers nearly a hundred members, and there are several others proposed who will probably be admitted on the next night of meeting. On Tuesday next there will be a general meeting of the members, for the purpose of electing a President Committee and other officers for the next twelve months. It is hoped that every member will make it his duty to attend on that occasion. The Volunteer Corps — It is reported that up to the present time about two hundred persons have enrolled themselves as Volunteers in the recently established corps. It is said that they are all gentlemen , the "greater portion of whom are clerks and respectable tradesmen." A Wild Bullock. — One day this week a bullock which was too unruly to be driven in with his companions, to be slaughtered, was left in a paddock near the toll bar on the Newtown Road ; a parcel of youngsters began pelting him with stones, which very soon disturbed his equanimity ; and the youngsters having placed one of their caps on a post the burly bull made a rush at it and carried away a couple of panels of fencing. The boys immediately leaped over the remaining portion into the paddock from which the beast had emerged, and as he could not find his juvenile tormentors, John Bull like, he set off full tilt after a cab which he saw on the road before him. Jehu hearing the thundering chase behind slued round, and seeing a bull in full chase put his horses on their mettle, and got out of the way as quickly as possible! The bullock con- tinued his course to Newtown, and coming abreast of a butcher's shop thrust his head through the window, no doubt recollecting, as he looked upon the flesh of his brethren hanging on all sides, the words of the-immortal bard— "To this complexion must I come at last." What did the butcher do ? — Knock him down ! No! he bolted. Another Wild Bullock. — Yesterday morning, a bullock, fresh from his native wilds, being desirous on his entrance into Sydney to take a survey of the railway works now in progress in the Cleve- land paddocks, (and which works he was doubtless aware are in- tended some time or other to penetrate into those fastnesses where he and his brethren have hitherto remained almost unmolested) took it into his head to leave the herd in the company of which he had so long travelled, and rushed into the aforesaid paddocks. After contemplating for some time, with imperturbable gravity the progress of the works whether from a love of mischief, or from a feeling of dissatisfaction at the manner in which they are being conducted it is impossible to say, but he made a most furious charge at the workmen, who, as a matter of course left spades, pickaxes, and crowbars, and fled in all directions, leaving the bull master of the field. Just at this moment about a dozen of the mounted police walked up to the paddocks, for the purpose of going through some of those mysterious evolutions which are intended to puzzle little boys, and frighten the Russians when they make their appearance. On seeing the bull they came to a dead halt ; the wisest thing they could possibly do, seeing that it was quite out of the question that they could take him by the horns. After holding a council of war it was determined to attack the enemy, who, nothing daunted by the appearance of the blue jackets and mustachios which were peering at him over the fence, stood with head and tail erect, boldly facing the invaders. It was determined to send for arms and ammunition and on their arrival the gallant policemen took the field, and peppered away in great style at the poor bull, who appeared to be thoroughly bewildered by the number of shots whizzing about him, quite harmlessly. At length one of his assailants, more valiant than the rest, stepped forward and levelled his carbine at the animal's forehead and fired — but having missed his aim he took to his heels and ran, the bull as a matter of course followed suit, and being possessed of four legs to the others two, quickly over- took the blue jacket, and showed him how to turn a somerset. After this the policemen thought it prudent to retire behind the barricade of the fences, where they again commenced to blaze away. After firing in the whole somewhere about fifty shots, they succeeded in bringing their game down, and grim John Bull had to give up the ghost. What splendid shots, these policemen will be against the Russians ; with such marksmen the citizens of course will have nothing to fear. They will only have to stand and look on while the Russians are slaughtered. Pedestrianism. - We understand a race is arranged to come off between a party well-known, in the sporting world as the " Stag," and a person who is at present preserving a strict incog, but who nevertheless is undergoing a severe course of training. The odds are at present in favour of the incog, as the only one the Stag has yet been known to outrun is the constable. The above paragraph was found in the vicinity of Bell's Life office, and the owner can have the original on application being made to the waiter at the Blind Beggar, South Head Road. The Herald's Gubernatorial Essay.— It is seldom our contemporary the Sydney Morning Herald has dared to censure any high public official. The Governor of Victoria has however, received not exactly a castigation, but what is more in the Heralds style, a mild remonstrance, for expressing opinions verging too much towards Republicanism Sir Charles Hotham expressed in the course of his speech at Geelong his conviction 'that all power springs from the people.' The high conservative nerves of the Herald have been aroused, as it were by the hock or a galvanic battery, by the perusal of this sentence ; and the old lady has for once mastered courage to speak of a Governor in a mild deprecatory manner. The Herald publishes for the benefit of Sir Charles Hotham apparently, the history of two of its pet Governors of New South Wales. The first, our readers will scarcely need be told is the history of the late Sir George Gipps. Here it is - We have seen a Governor whose zeal in the public service was intense, whose diligence in the discharge of his official duties was indefatigable, and whose talents, both in speech and penmanship, were of a high order. And yet his lack of self- restraint involved him in anxieties and disquietudes which, there is too much reason for believing, broke down a fine constitu- tion, and hurried him to an untimely grave. Though the Herald was a thick and thin supporter of this Governor, while he held the Vice-regal Office in New South Wales yet now he is departed, our contemporary has the courage to censure his lack of judicious self-restraint, or in other words his performing his duties too well, and not allowing the affairs of the nation to go on in the free and easy manner flunkeys so much delight in. After this reader, be prepared for the description of the Herald's beau ideal of a Ruler— the real model Governor. Peruse the following, gentle reader, and if you do not recognise our present excellent Governor- General you can only blame our contemporary's defective powers of description. Read — " We have seen another Governor who with less apparent energy, and with abilities less elevated, has brought to his official task so much calmness and composure, so much prudent reflection and forethought, as to have carried on his government through a long series of years without a single collision with the Legislative Council, or any other serious drawback from the peace and prosperity of his administration.' Well done Sydney Morning Herald' 'Ability less elevated.' 'Less apparent energy ' Here is the Governor we require. One who has just sufficient ability to allow the affairs of the colony to go on the best way they might without his interfering : and who has not the energy to oppose the squatters and others in the prosecution of their nefarious projects. We hope his Excellency will feel fluttered at the destruction drawn by the Court journal between himself and and his talented predecessor. Russian Vessels in the Southern Seas — From the Alta California, of the 24th June, we learn that the Russian frigate Diana had been in the harbour of Honolulu, from which port she sailed on the 28th May last, and that the British sloop-of-war Trincomalce sailed from the same port on the following day, both vessels being bound to the northward. This seems to be a very singular announcement. What could the English sloop of-war be about to let the Russian get the start of her ? This does not look like being wide-awake. Perhaps the Diana intends making a visit to Sydney, and the Trincomalee may have the pleasure of following her, and being 'a day after the fair.' Troubles of an Editor. — A foreign gentleman is abusing us in broken English for not inserting the important fact of his marriage. A friend of ours is reading aloud a somniferous article from the Herald. An elderly gentleman is calling our attention to something said in the Council by Mr Martin. Another party just drops in to inquire as to the truth of some gallant exploit of the Governor's Aid-de-Camp, and in the midst of all this din and confusion a persevering Devil nudges our elbow and utters the talismanip syllable — Copy!! Extensive Circulation. — The Hobarton Mercury is pub- lished on the mornihgs of Wednesday and Saturday, an edition is also forwarded by post, on the evenings of Tuesday and Friday to the country It is circulated extensively in this and the neigh- bourhood colonies, as well as in Europe, Russia, Central Africa, the Celestial Empire, and the United States of America —We have heard that an edition of this winged Mercury is also translated into the Mingoe vernacular, and greatly astonishes the natives.— Ed. P. A. The Russian Ships in the Australian Seas — Prowling about the South Seas, there are two heavy Russian frigates, the Diana and a consort. A Russian squadron is at Batavia Lawless Cali- fornia and the mongrel republics of South America are infested with desperadoes to whom piracy would be pleasant pastime ; and if the war lasts, clipper privateers from these quarters, will soon be at sea dogging our gold ships. But to the Diana. Unquestionably it would be possible for this fine frigate and her consort, well handled by dashing commanders, to steal along and successively destroy our six Australian and New Zealand chief towns, Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide, HobartTown, Auckland, Wellington. Most of these are noble deep-water ports, where even a seventy- four might anchor within a mile of the buildings. All are utterly de- fenseless against attack from sea ; the few pop gun batteries possessed by Sydney and another place or two would be swept away by a frigate's first broadside - -Correspondent of the Globe The After-Dinner Speech at the Improvement Club.— ( Reported Literally.) — Well - now — myhonangallan fren'— S'Charles Napier s >goin' to' th' Baltic! Why's S Charles Napier goin Bh' th \ Baltic ? Tell you why's goiu' to Bait - hie ! 's goin' togive emparrusia dusagood srash'n. (Load cheering.) Tha's why S' Charl Snapier's goin' bIT Baltic. (' Brayvo, Charley !') Shomeshay we're uorrawar. Norrawar ! Hash — ha ! No ! Norrowar ! Noshexactly awar. But myhonangallun fren' clar' war soon as get in a Baltic. Get into Baltic give my bonangall fren' 'shority to clar war. Only lorn get safeintobaltic. Zhen you'll see ! You'll sbe'm veraoon bring Zempra Nich'las to's senses. Blow sh' ol vagabqu's navy 'boutisears like skyrocks wildfire Guyfawkes Housacommons. Fifsa.hoy.emoa. Tumultuous applause.) Zahenl men, here s all your vehgood healts I beg- gapard'n— here s my bonangai'n fren's sbjolly goo' health ! 4 For he's a jolly good fellow &c.; (Chorus by the whole company, amid which the Right Hon. orator tumbled down )— -Punch. A Deserted Infant --Between seven and eight o'clock on Thursday morning a young lady named M'Gowan, found a female about two mouths old, wrapped up in a silk visite, in the narrow passage betwixt St. James Church and the Supreme Court. The poor little creature seemed half dead with cold, having been evidently left there several hours. Lts cruel parent in her desire, most likely, to conceal her shame consequent upon a departure from virtue, has plnnged into an extremity of vice whioh, in the event of the iniant. having died froui exposure to cold, would,: perchance, have brought her to the halter as an infanticide, bo easy is it to descend from one degree of vice to another more , monstrous in degree. This is the second instance which has occurred lately in the' colony, of such inhuman, conduct Miss M'Gowan took the infant to the house of a Mft Belfqjrid, . where , the poor . little sufferer received those kind attentiqns. of which she stood so evidently, in Nd, ..J f ; Kbw Gotbrwob.— It la stated, says the EJTPtftR ai&ye8terdcy;,aad currently..belleved, . that Colon-.l Mundy it- to-'bisi.T afipatatudisurce fc> Sir . Chariot Fits -Roy "« irfruu; 'tOTi-aa,n;ju uoi. be- much surprised at each, an pppintmliot. Af liutrjH Wd'fci£Kr Coloiiei Uundy it just the man 'for JJownlrigfBUert ; 'udt-,'ri?jtTOpri'orWfrudu:iof) or New south Walet to a second. rate c iitmy , will' he.ldblteid iu Euglund, as a fitting curb m the begga>ly)ibbf%tfr''Rbtahy Bayl>woul(i-be lords, dukes, and barons. How thhfifilloN- nsimaats for high sounding titles will look when' moy whirtpd'tHh'BepSrture of their "darling" Sir Charles, and the -arrival;' tif Aiii itBe Libutenant- Qorernor of New South Wales, .. - ,;V .7; Stealing.— Ann Berkley - was bn < Wnejay.chafed with stealing. ,,Mrs. Petrie'. of kent- strtet,..p«fled raatr some week or two since prisoner was in her- service!! wh2qb;jiftrToF the purposw, of being married. On Suntlay- afiernoon prtapher jisalled at her honse to see the ohildren. and as she' waH8uttoileave,'Bhe ( Mrs. Petrie) recognised a ring, oiil hei" fiffger f herself; she called her and after some hi&ifcatio;'ii, during which time she drew the ring off- her finger and transferred it to ber pocket— she returned ; prosecutrix then spoke of the ring, and feeling in her frock pocket took it out; she had not worn the ring for some time, nor had she missed it when she saw it on prisoner's finger ; she could not tell when she last saw the ring hub it was in a drawer with others in her bedroom, which she was not in the habit of locking Prisoner had no defence Committed for trial at the Quarter oessions : the question of bail to be settled after the hearing of another charge yet pending; on Thursday she was again brought up, charged wit h stealing a brooch the -value of £5, the property of the same individual and was also committed for trial at the Quarter Sessions on this charge ; bail was not allowed. Drunk and Disorderly.— Mary Adams was on Wednesday, at the Police Office, charged with using abusive language and found guilty of drunkenness, and sentenced to" pay 20s., or to be imprisoned for twenty-four hours; Margaret Clarke, Thomas Dunn and Thomas M'Carthy, were severally convicted of using obscene language, and sentenced to pay 20s , or to be im prisoned for seven days Assault.— John Moore, of Botany, engineer, was on Wednesday charged at the Police Office, with assaulting his wife, for whiqn offence he was apprehended on a warrant, issnsed at' the instance of a neighbour. Mrs. Moore deposed that her husband had been drinkfng more or less for a fortnight ; between one and two o'clock on Monday while he wa9 at home for dinner, she remonstrated with him oh his course of conduct, and endeavoured to show that only ruin and disgrace could result from a continuanee in it, when he assaulted her, beating her about the head and face for nearly twenty minutes, until she, fearing that unless he was prevonted, lie would kill her, called for help, when a Mr. Curtis, a neighbour, came to her assistance ; he had not entered the house when her husband left beating her and tried his hand upon Curtis ; Mr. Curtis subse quently came into Sydney, and took out a warrant for her hu band s apprehension of which, how ver, she knew nothing until after he was in custody ; she had no wish to punish him for this assault but she could not think of any longer living with him. Moore was found guilty of assaulting his wife, and sentenced to be imprisoned and kept to hard labour tor one month Stealing. — At the Police Office, on Thursday, Jane Berkeley was. ' . eh rged with stealing one Bh awl brooch of the value of £5 It appeared that about five weeks since the prisoner was in the service of a Mrs Petrie, residing in Kent- street, upon whom a lady ; . named M'Gee called ; on reaching home Mrs M'Gee missed her shawl brooch, and next day sent to inquire if she had left it at Mrs. Petrie's Mrs Petrie had not seen it and made enquiry of her servant (the prisoner), who also denied having seen it A bout a ;. fortnight since prisoner left, Mrs. Petrie s service ; on Sunday last, however, she called at the house on Bome pretext or other, and as she was leaving Mrs Petrie reeognised as her property a ring with which her late servant had adorned her finger; she took it from her, and subsequent inquiry led to the discovery that Mrs. M Gee s brooch was in the possession of a Mrs. Madden, into whose- custody it came from the prisoner to take care of it for ber. It was now produced, and identified by Mrs. M'Gee. The prisoner was committed for trial. A Caution to -Dkunkards.— During the present week the magistrate# have exercised a little more rigour than, usual with Borne . of the inveterate drunkards, having sentenced Mary M'Greuvy, and Eliza' Noriis feacit to be imprisoned and kept to hard labour for six calendar months: This wiil at all events have the effect of keeping them both sober during that period. Stealing.— James Thessiger was on Thursday at the Police Office charged with stealing from the shop of William Hunter, of George- street, titilur, one coat of tne value of 8"s. A gent.emaii named llrnoks buw the prisoner take down the coat fiotu a rail n-'ur the door, but inside the shop, and make oft ; he gave information to Mr. Hunter, who followed and apprehended Ihe thiof, finding the property in his possession. Committed for trial. Obstructing the Police — Henry Pucker of the Bo'any Road was on Thursday at the Police Office charged by Constable Slatlery with having- interfered with him in the execution ol li s diity ; for which lie al>o took hint into custody. Defendant said that the interference cousis ed in this— that the constable was taking away a man who was not drunk, — 'hat he told him so and said he would appear against him in the morning; he raid nothing mora and laid no Lands on either the eohstab.e or his prisoner. Mr. Djwling said that lie had no right to Interfere at all with the constable, whether the prisoner was drunk or sib.-r ; if a constable exceeded his duty jjthere is a proper mods ofbringing his conduct before his superiors. Pined El. Extraordinary Charge. — John Walsh was on Thursday at the Police Office, belore Mr. Dowlini, charged with disordely . onduct. _ Constable Siuttory deposed that about li o'clock last night he heurd a.noie ip Redfern- str, et, and proceeded thither; he found the defendant, without a coat, hi# shirt sleeves up, and he in fighting attitude ; it was dark and no one vise was there; did not hear him say anything, nor was lie drunk ;' took-, him into custody for disorderly conduct; afterwards he made enquiry, when. b» ascertained that a -man named, Lowry, and a Mrs. Wetdon had been assaulted by him. George Dowry deposed, that about 11 o'clock last rtlght a girl knocked at Ills door, and wanted his assistance to protect bee ido-ber who- was being murdered by a lodger ; not knowing ihe gin, he declined to interfere; ;- she went away, and shortly afterward another knock. ;cain»j to the door, .ouj. - opening which he found the deleudunt in the ver.mdab, who challenged hliri out to fight. He declined the invitation, and ordered defendant to go about his business. Instantly he received from hiui-a heavy, blow oil the loreheud,, which for a moment. Ataage/ed him; but, recovering hlmsell, ejected, the defendant from his premises, and shut tlie door. About halt an hour aftorwards constable Slttttory'lcn -eked »t the door, showed him a «oa( he hud picked up, and inquired it it belonged to him. - He said U didmot, but probably belonged to liiilBbf vtio bud been tlicro tome time before, wmI'; assaulted hiio, and directed -him (Slatio y) to Mrs. eldo:i-s, where .Walsh. lodged. Thought Walsh was sober -when he came, but could not undertake to swear whether be was or not; flattery then toid him that Walsh was m the watchhousc. He (witness) had heard no scieaming'or other dUturoance- : in the neighbourhood. Mary W.eldon deposed that dofeudtui' lodged at her . mother's house;, last night lie wis drunk and quarrelled with lier mother, , ; wiio, finding, that she could tint make him quiet, took hold or hi»u to put him'out ofthe house; he "tookhold of 'her mother 's'ni tried to throw iter Sdown, and while ttfey . scuffiing;.- she--- (»lme» «« ofTto . Mr. Lowry for assistance, who refused to coins on her rc-uru defenda'it had .lett, . . the house; about an hour after that Sliiftcry game, wticp for the first time any complaint was made to Jrita' 'of 'art ; assault having been nnni-niitsu ; Slatlery than said that #alsh 'was ifi ;the watcbhouse' Mr. ltooerifc who-:. . ' appeared for the defence, said thatltlfis -.was one ol- lite most exir iyrdinar/', .. caes he over heard of. His clientisiapprehendedby a constable for d:- orderly cou-'uct, the constable swearing nevef thbleiir that tits ftotendant was alone, in a fighting attitude, though alone, wtenl&kaw; him; thai he did iiot.near hi'. say artyching, nor 'did be thinfe He tKs' dfirink; though he might have been- drinking : and yet ha apprehends iifiu.fii¥-di-qr>tM'ly: conduct1 - not. one wmra-' ..- about, any' assault having-' been -reported -.13 Iiirn foi'- nearly aii l)9U,- aft>;r '- -tru8,,- , It would be quite time enough (Q. auivrei-tHe alleged assaults when they ,. . became matter of inyesiigaqtdn!! At1preeHti, tlv re was nothing be.o Court but the "constable's etroordii\a'ry cffTrge dt disorderly conduct, nod be must again inset, that iiia.clicnt was IHSfilHf beitire the Court, -and i - c discharged. Mr. Dowling admitt.fithtitWalsn'-'murt; to.,dt8chsrged, -but, . ; ex pressed his opinion thattbe oonsi&ble.; litteif-pwfeciiy ttikiu(C War, ! fnto custody. 1 Mr. Lowry' and-Mi -rYeldqtf; oiight, thougnt ' proper.' lD#titu!e;prOBebdtag!Agdtji#t 'defendaife for- tlw ; a>sauiis; sainmitwd . upou them. -WaiaU was" thR jlischfliged. - - V" ;<. it-iu : ; .1 s o;:? « ; rrp.rrr-. -.-X. --v.; Thb.Stoi.8n Watcu.-— A Mblodbama.— Rees Jones, a thiok- I :set individual with adeoidedly tragio oast of oountenance, stood on. Monday last, in the Police Office dock, not stage struck, but horror atrioken, to answer,, to tbe aoouaation of the beautiful and aooompliflhed Catherine Howard, the Diana Vernon, Lady Maobeth, &.&, ;&o.;, of Maloom'a Australian Amphitheatre, for presuming to enter her disrobing and dressing room in the precincts of the- said theatre, and purloining therefrom, one gold watcb, chain, and -appendages, the property of the aforesaid charming Catherine Howard. ' Inspector Singleton, who is very seldom far out of his- reckoning, felt convinced that poor R. Jones's protestations of 'innocence were genuine, and he therefore set his wits to work to .save the innocent, and to b/iog the guilty before the magisterial tribunal. R. Jones .was consequently remanded to his cell, to ruminate over the part of Timon of Athens, the roan hater,' and on ; the succeeding morning he was again compelled to - act. for mothing. . in the . Police. Court pillory. But on this occasion he : was . side by side with : little Jack Barnett, whose -epprehcnsioa was .hr.ought about in the followiug manner : —On Monday morning be went with a gold watch to Mr. Jul.ias Hogarth, of George-street, watchmaker, and inquired its value ; . and in reply to the question, why be wished, to know, he -said that his father bad bought if, and being ill, had sent him to iknow .if it was worth £4 ; Hogarth replied in the affirmative, and the boy went away; shortly afterward he returned with the watch 4ind offered it for £4 to Hogarth ; Hogarth refuse to give him the money, but said he would give it to his father, for which purpose '.he accompanied the boy to his home, where his father was taking 'breakfast ; the father knew nothing about the watoh, having (as he isaid) heard nothing of it before, and therefore refused to receive the money.; the boy said he found it among some rubbish in George-street, which however did not satisfy the father, who reoom-- mended Mr. Hogarth either to detain the watch for the present, or to give it up to the police ; the father ultimately accompanied Mr. Hogarth to the Superintendent of Police, and narrated the circumstances; the watch was identified immediately as that of Mrs.. Howard, for stealing which Jones was in custody. Further inquiry elicited from the boy Barnett that he found a chain with the'w<dpl, which he had sold for lis. to a lad named Turner, from whom it was procured. The boy Barnett now said that he was playing with other boys about Malcom's Amphitheatre on Thursday night, and found the watoh and chain on the stairs. The prisoner Jones was diaoharged ; the Bench had no doubt whatever that the boy stole the watch, but on account of his youth would discharge him, on his father. entering into a recognizance that he be of good behaviour for six months, other wise to he imprisoned for six months. Buck versus Buck — Thomas Buck, landlord of the Lamb Inn, Appeared at the Police Office on Monday last, to respond to the complaint of his spouse Maria for depriving her of her fair share of his bed and board, and to sbew cause why, under such circum stances he Bhould not be subjected to a magisterial order to allow her a weekly sum of money for her maintenance. Maria is a good looking brunette, with aquiline noBO and eyes like flashes of lightning. An ample sbawl of cerulean hue rendered invisible those under portions of her vesture which were elevated above the witness box, while a bonnet of thoroughly Australian true blue, lined with white silk, and trimmed with monthly roses, tended considerably to setoff to advantage, her truly handsome, amazonian, Cast of countenance. Thomas Buck is a natty little boniface, standing 4 feet 3 inohes in his boots, and apparently verging upon sweet sixty-seven. His physiognomy impressed the beholder with the idea that Thomas had imbibed at an early age the vegetarian doctrines, and that he had usually vegetated upon such condiments as pickled cucumbers, green gooseberries, native sorrel!, dilated with rum O. P. On the 16th of May, 1852, Thomas plighted his vows to his young bride at tbe Hymenial alter, but the course of their wedded life had been through a series of storms, proving the truth of that sonnet, each verse of which terminates with the following ohorus.-r- For May and December, , . .For May and December, For May and December, Can never,' never agree I" Maria Buck had entrusted her cause to the advooaoy of Mr. W. Roberts, but Thomas Buck, although landlord of the Lamb, partook materially of the nature of the Lion, and bad sufficient tenmerity to venture unprotected by legal aid, to face the frowns of justioe, and of his indignant and injured bride. .Mr. Roberts said (after tbe lady had told a harrowing tale of her sufferings at the Lamb,) that the diminutive publican was tolerably supplied with the root of all evil; and that in addition to the inonme derived from the sale of alehohol at tbe Lamb, he had about £7 per week coming in for vents. . He therefore hoped the magistrate would compel him to allow his wife a goodly sum for her support. Thomas Buck made the liberal offer of £1 per veek, asserting that the lady had do children to maintain, Mr. Roberts replied that tbe fault was not attributable to the lady. Mr. Dowling : No. The fault consists in an old man having a young wife. His Worship then made a bench crder for Thomas to pay weekly, into the hands of Inspector Garvin, tbe sum of 30s. for two years. Buck versus Buck; Or, Thb Tablbs Turned. — Maria Buck theu took her place on the. floor of the Court, under the wing of Mr. Roberts, to answer tbe charge of Thomas Buck, for having, on the 26th of July last, assaulted him by splitting his nose fore-and- aft with a certain piece of stone used by masonB in building. It was now Thomas's turn, and he unfolded to the highly interested throng which filled the Court, a lamentable oatalogue of grievauc s He asserted that Maria had plundered him right and left. . On the 26th of July, a man who owed balf-a-orown for a quart of rum, came to the bar of the Lamb and presented the coin in payment. Maria was about to pocket it, when he interfered. Maria then lifted a quart pot and flung it at his head, but he bobbed out of the way. He picked up .another quart measure with which he threatened to split Maria's frontispiece. Upon this the lady fled to the street, and returned .with a mass of masonry in her., hands, with whieh she dealt her little old husband Bitch a terrible blow, that.it split his nose from the eyebrows to the nostrils. In oross- examination by Mr. Roberts, Thomas (who had now got the steam up,) admitted that he bad often, and publicly, and upon the day of the assault, called Maria a , and a , and a , and everything but an honest, virtuous, lady. The Magistrate was fully satisfied tbat Thomas by his own shewing had been the aggressor, and tbat he had exasperated his handsome young bride beyond tbe hounds of feminine endurance. His Worship therefore dismissed the ease, and Maria quilted the Court with elastic step, and joy beaming on her oountenance. 