public 3mti0tment& ROYAL VICTORIA THEATRE HAMLET. ¦ First Appearance of Mr. Kemble Mason. 2\. The performance of Mr. C. Kemble Mason, In the jf character of Hamlet, which was his first appearance !" amongst us, was crowned with the most complete success. When the curtain folk and Mr Mason was called for to receive the congratulations of the audience he felt the reception the more deeply from the admitted fact of its being the most difficult character in the whole range of Shakspeare's dramas to realise upon the stage, and to give that living " form and substances to which the great dramatist inculcates as the essential duty of the acter. In this instance it is not so easy " to hold the mirror up to nature," where there appears so much that is apparently opposed to nature t it is a far more difficult task to give adequate force I and intelligence to the internal workings and anti- theatrical struggles of a mind like Hamlet's, than it is to represent either the gust of passion as in Othello, or the uniform, sinister, and diabolical malice of lago. This well recognised difficulty of the character has occasioned more criticism upon It than Upon that of any other of Shakespeare's varied characters. Its great individuality, which centres the entire drama in Hamlet, the emotions of filial duty and affection for his mother, overcome by the all absorbing grief which ripens into revenge for the murder of his father- the struggles between the natural man and the avenger of murder, which are fearfully and painfully contrasted his extraordinary treatment of Ophelia, which appears quite irreconcileable with his love for her; these different shades in the character present so difficult a picture to give natural consistency to, and to impart life-like reality and interest to their apparent irreconcileabilities, that to achieve success in the performance may well be looked upon with pride as the highest conception and attainment of dramatic art. Air. Kemble Mason sustained the character throughout, from first to last, with the deepest interest in the audience, and yet without any overwrought exhibition, or without stooping to those acts of clap-trap by which even some high actors of modern times have not disdained to gain the applause of the multitude. Neither was he guilty of the solecism of singularity, or playing the character to give effect to some striking peculiarities of his own, either in fiction or attitude, which so long disfigured the Macready schooL Yet he sustained the character with befitting dignity, becoming alike the prince, the scholar, and the gentleman. air. Mason has a perfect understanding of his part. He has been trained in the best school, and is a gentleman of education and experience. Hence he is enabled to represent the contradictions in the character of which we have spoken as upon the whole less irreconcileable than we have been accustomed to witness them-in other words, to render that which seems harsh and unreal, lifelike and natural. A great many opinions have been ventured upon the insanity or otherwise of Hamlet. It appears to us there can be no doubt or question of the matter. If we might venture to descend a little in the scale of illustration we would refer the reader to the recently published journal of the unfortunate artist Haydon, who perished by his own hand, recording his sentiments up to the last moment of his ill-starred existence, and ending with an apothegm which he had formerly set down, to the effect that no man should have recourse to unworthy means to procure a worthy end. Here we see a man of noble aspirations at all times mingling meanness, amounting to dishonour, with all the tissue of his life. We find him praying to God frequently, vehemently, and fervently for success upon his endeavours ; he seeks, during his long and arduous struggles, to make a school of high art and when at last his views are about being realised in the adornment of the Houses of Parliament, The fails as a competitor, but unconscious of failure, unconscious all along that his art, and not the world, were in fault, he trills himself in this delusion, and avenged himself upon his own acts of meanness and dishonour. Those who would study the strangest phases of insanity that ever darkened the career of an unfit tunate man will do well to peruse his journal. It is insane, and yet contradicts insanity. It rehearses every word, which, as Hamlet says, '" mad- ness would gambol from, and yet is mad. So was Hamlet, in a different way, and under other circumstances. We have only adduced the name of the unfortunate artist to point out, if possible, a still more irreconcileable man. The sudden death of Hamlet's father, and. the subsequent union of his brother with the Queen, which followed quickly after, bred in him suspicion, distrust, a certainty of something wrong, and wrought on his susceptible mind to that extent that it settled at last into a melancholy madness. Yet he is full of can engender the fear of being watched and detected even in his inmost thoughts. The apparition of his father rouses this mood into one of action and the all-absorbing thought of revenge. This thought consumes his whole frame, and is the key to his apparently coarse and unnatural conduct towards Ophelia. He suspects Polonius as a spy upon his actions and thoughts, and is resolved to baffle him. Still it may be said he could have done this, and even treated Ophelia with kindness, without interfering with his project. But he thinks not- every thought elsewhere bestowed than upon his mission as an avenger is treason to his father's ghost. May we not also believe that, perceiving" Ophelia's growing love for him, who even in this treatment loved her to distraction, lie was resolved to break it rudely off before it took possession of and coloured her whole existence, Henceforth he knew that their mutual love was an impossibility, and sought at whatever torment to himself, to extinguish it in her breast, and thus save her the future pangs which a contrary course that linked her fate to that of an avenger must inevitably entail upon her. If we encourage this speculation it will deprive his conduct of much of its otherwise irreconcileable harshness. In the representation of this struggle between natural affection and the inexorable duty of revenge, both in the celebrated interviews with the Queen Mother and Ophelia, Mr. Kemble Mason realised our highest expectations. We have nothing indeed to except against any part of it, unless it be our own idea of the celebrated soliloquy, " To be, or not to be. the first part of which Mr. Mason delivered as the random thoughts of previous reflections, rather than as the elections themselves; or, to make ourselves more intelligible, more like notes than texts. There is so much expected, however, from this soliloquy, that every one almost has his own arbitrary standard of excellence. Against this, however, we have the pleasure of setting off the famous speech to the players, which Mr. Mason delivered most admirably, and th on by Lee ed he tent at on the with all the grace and air of a well-bred " man and scholar. Indeed, Mr. Mason is never want- ing in artistic ease and excellence. as we believe we are indebted to a recommendation of Mr. Spark for Mr. Kemble Mason's introduction to Hobart Town, it would be unfair to institute corn per sons ; but we may safely say that those who have any conception of correctness of character, power of delineation, or artistic skill,- devoid of rant and exaggeration, cannot fail to award to Mr. Kembla Mason a very high place amongst our modern actors. On Monday next he performs in the character of Richard the Third, and we can only express the hope of being shortly enabled to witness his reappearance in Hamlet. Mr. Kemble Mason is a nephew of Mr. Charles Kemble, and has quite the head and features of the Kemble family, with something of their voice and home-like air, which might be designated mannerism, if we did not know it to be inseparable from every member of that distinguished family, even in the ordinary intercourse of life. The other characters of the drama were, under the circumstances, creditably sustained, and Miss Watson performed the part of Ophelia, The fine band of the 99th was in attendance, and relieved the interludes with several choice pieces of Hamlet was followed by a Pas de Mazurka by Madame Strebinger and Signor Carandini, which was very beautiful, both in the brilliant costume and artistic excellence of the performers; Madame Strebinger infusing into her dancing a spirituelle intelligence, both pleasing and poetic. 