REPORT OF THE MELBOURNE CITY MISSION. The Christian friends who have come together on the present occasion for the purpose of organising a Melbourne City Mission, are informed that the meet ing now held was preceded by two meetings of a less pnhlio character, consisting of ministers nnu many earnest-minded laymen, in the office of the Imral* grants’Aid Society, on tho 3rd July and Ilth July tilt, in which, after full discussion, it was deter mined, tho Lord willing, to establish a Melbourne City Mission. Rules for the same were agreed upon, and a j reliminary committee was appointed to make arrangements for a public meeting. The Commit too now fool it their duty, 1st, briefly to state tho objects aimed at by a City Mission; 2mlly, the ne cessity that exists in Melbourne for such a Mission ; 3rdly. tho peculiar character of tho Mission pro , vided for by the rules. 1\. The object of a City Mission. The objebt con templated by a City Mission is to aid in supply ns the Gospel to those persons who are in a state of -.spiritual destitution. It is not intended to rival nor to supersede any existing institution; nor to rival, nor to supersede the ministry of the Gospel. The main orgumcniforthc existence of tho Mission is the spiritual destitution of multitudes. Let this ho fully surpli'd; let the people at largo have the Gospel V marie known to them fahhfully from house to house, ■> or regularly attend where it is preached, let them be visited in i heir _ nflliotions, ami in their dying hours hythe ministers of tho gospel, and there will be nolongcr any necessity for a City Mission. Until such time arrive, it will bo the duty of n City Mission to seek out and support godly men, who are willing to he employed in the work of visitation. The duty imposed upon every missionary will he to aim at conversing with every person or family, on the great mailer of salvation ; to point out j ? tho, evil and cor'S'qnenoes of sin, shewing i the necessity of repentance towards God, ■an l faith towstds Our Lord Jesus Christ, 2\. The necessity for a Melbourne City Mission. The urgent necessity for a Melbourne City Mission, appears from tho lamentable fact that the work •which it proposes to necom} lish has been hitherto wholly neglected, or very partially attempted. Tlvs great city is crowded with rouls ; its wCdesuhnibs contain thousands upon thousands of inhabitants, and all need the benefit of constant dom : ciliar> vis’lalicn. Amidst our dense population in Mel bourne, and equally numerous, but more scattered population in its outskirts, there are, it is to lo feared, very many thousand? who are Itv'iig wholly without God in tho worid. Tho sabbath- breakers,, the thoughtless, the pn flit me. the drunkard, the profane, the ignorant, the harkslido**, and iho h fide), reed to bo solemnly warned, and diligently in sinuated. Bur. how is tl is great and orcefsary work to he accomplished ? Where are t' e laborers who can undertake it ? The ministes re.rding amongst us are already overbnr 'rned wi ll woik, and year after y< nr adds greatly to the amount of the popula tion, without adding in a proportionate raarm r to the strength of ihe ministerial staff. Umirrtliose ■circumstances every Christan will hail whh delight anywise and sctip'ural plan which affords a prospnei of attaining the object in view. 3\. The diameter of the City Mission is provided for by tho rules. Those who «rc acquainted with the London City Mission wi’J’ only need to bo :n formed that tho rules of that Mis.s'on have been made the basis of the rules of iho Melbourne City ■Misrir n—at ore e'’o unde;stand riiat they are framed in a t rn’y Catholic‘-pirit. 'I he rn'rs of the London •City Mission have in every case he adopted, with only those altemrions which are necssary to meet the special eiretimstames of the colony,'and the eotr.miltee fee! it is of the highest imment to follow the exarr-p’eof a Sociciy which has Icon greatly blessed in its operations, and has had tho wisdom , of t’s constitution trsted by experience. Christians o ul! denom nations hare worked together in perfc't harmony under its regulations. Xo sacrifice of 8 f, und d- otrino respecting forms of Church Govern ment is required, but truo Christians differing in their views of ccelcsiaslical po'ity, co-operaio toge ther for the spread of vin l religion— content lo an : to in spreacing through their agenis truths essen tml to tho miration of the sow), and leaving the people themselves, when brought under the nowrr of the Word, to attend ihe ministry of that branch of ihe Chnrch to which they severally hr long, or any oilier they may choose as likely to promote their godly edification. \- ’ r.CLKS. Tho following rules wc> e agreed upon at a preli minary meeting held July II, 1851:— 1\. That a society bo formed, to bo called the Melbourne Ciiy Mission. 2\. Tho olject cf this society is to extend the knowledge of the Gospel among the inhabitants of Melbourne and its vicinity, without any reference to denominational distinctions or the peculiarities of Chnrch government, 3; To effect this ol ject, Missionaries of approved charnoti r and qualifications, who shall give them selves to the voi k, shall he employed *nd paid by the institution. Their duty shall be to visit from house to house, in the respective district thitshn'l be assigned to them, read the Scriptures, engage in religious conversation, and urge those who are living in tho neglect of religion to observe the Sab bath, and to attend public worship. They shall also see that all persons possess iho Scriptures, shall distribute approved religious tracts, and .vd ;n obtaining scriptural education for children. By approval of the committee, they shall hold meetings tor reading and expounding tho Scriptures and prayer, and sba 1 adopt such other means as tho Commi'fee may think nrcessaty for the accomplish ment of the object of the mission. 4\. As the object of the mission in to extend tho kjiow'cdge of the Gospel, it is a fund.mental law that tho "following doctrines ho prominently taught .by tho agents aod publications of iho mission. They am given, ‘ not in the words nh*ch man’s •wisdom teooheth, hnt which tho Ilo'y Ghost teacheih.’ ‘All have sinned, and come short of rbo glory of God.’ * In the beginning was the W'rd,-.and Iho Word was with God, and the Ward was God. And the Word was made flesh, nnd dwelt among us.’ ■ ' Except a man b* born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God,” *• Tho blood ot Jesus Christ, his son, tdcanscih us from all sin,” “ Be ; rg justified by faiih, we have peace with Cod through our Lord Jesus Christ.’’ “Neither is there salvation in any other, for there i none other name under heaven given among men, whereby tvo must bo saved, *’ ” Holiness, without which no man shall see the Lord, “ To arc sancti fied by the Spirit ot onr God.” 1 Cor. ii. 13; Rom. ill. 23: John I. II —14; John ill, 3 ; I John i. 7;Bom.r. 1; Acts Iv. 12; Heb. xil. U I Cor. Vi.ll. 5\. Tho general business of tho Melbourne City Mission shall he conduc ed by a Committee cor stitnted impartial'? of members of the various evan ,SeI:oal Rrotestant Churches; the examiners of Missionaries to consist of ministers of i uch churches «bo«Q impartially; all of whom, with the treasurer, gooretarics, and auditors, shall Bo members of the committee (ex officio). 0\. Persons subscribing hot less than one guinea annually shall be members of Iho Institution. 7\. A general meeting shall be held annually (o r oftener if necessary/to appoint the office-beanr3 receive a report of the proceedings of the Missiort and of Iho slate of the fnnds. All matters proposed shall be determined by tho majority of the members present. The meeting shall bo. opened and con eluded by prayer, nnd tbo president for tho day shall feign tho mintites of tho proceedings. In con nexion ■with tho annual meeting, one sermon or more shall bo preached, of which dub notice shall bo given; 8\. Tho Ainds of tho Mission arising from dom.* tions, legacies, subscriptions, collections, etc., shall bo expended under tbo direction of the committee, upon tho Salaries of tho missionaries, tbo purchase of traots, and in meeting all neces sary charges in conducting tho business of the Mission. ■ 0, 'Jffiat no dllernt'on fehnll bo mndo in tbo con stitution, except at an annual meeting, or general meeting specially convened by the committee, upon a requisition stating the nature of tho alter ation, signed Ky fifty of tin members, and tb be held within twenty Ono days of the receipt of such requisition. . . AfPXAt,. The Committee having now submitted tbo rules agreed upon_ for a Melbourne City Mission, wohld mako an earnest appeal for tbo support of this Society. Every irno servant of tho l>rd Jesus must dosrb to sec tho wnq'o of tho pbpulalion constantly vistte-1 by men of God, whose solo object is thoir eternal welfare, .and where solo instrument for effecting that object is tho glorious Gospel of,iho blessed God. Tho to bo accomplished is groat—(he means by which it is to he attempted are simple and agreeable to God’s word—the hope of sueeess is founded on Oorl’g promises. Let every Chrisfan luln. If ihc work he wisely parried for ward. wo cannot eg; imate i he amount of good «bich may bo accomplished; if it be neglected, we know not now soon Iho spiritual evils with which wo eve surrounded may not overwhelm us as with a flood. 