ANOTHER NEW POET. FOEUa J1V "A.»'» .(F.rotu thc- Tima, November ,4 ) Of allj^tclloctiuil plcasuves, thc^i'untcst is to make acquaintance with xi new poet ; and to introduce' ii new poet to Iiis rentiers ¿j, is thc most grateful oillec of a literary >*' . critic. Wc .bqlieve that the writer of whorn we arc about to give some speci- mens is not unworthy of thc poet'* \- . name. In literary circles liq lins already found admirers ; but wo apprehend that to ', " tho generality of readera he rcniiiins mi? known, while the world is full of tito praises of far inferior writers. This is partly accounted for by tho fact that he is pre-eminently ii learned poet. Probably no composer in our language eyer moro thoroughly trained himself for Iiis urt by the study of preceding masters. In metres, indeed, he is too learned, for his veisilication often mocks any' hut a scholar's ear, though, when it pleases lum, he is a perfect muster of melody in n sini pier style. His imitations of tho Greek poets are, wo think, tptite unequalled in «ar language. Mis diction is studied and choice, I Its poetic faculties are sustained by a line and wolistorod intellect, without which tho mere imagination, even in its greatest . activity, is u poor feeblu thing. He is ti philosopher ; perhaps . too much so for poetic simplicity of leeling. The first volume of poems hy "A" appeared four years ago. It showed the *The Struucd Ilnvellcr and oilier poems,-Hy " A.'' I IfulloU'CM, Jimjiciloclcs un Html, and utlitT poems.-Hy ",A," i i'tilluwes. qualities we have mentioned, but in ai less degree tban the second volume ; and it was more deihced by the íkxtít. of obscurity, of ..which we shell still have .to complain. '¡The Slft&yed; Reveller^ -the piece winch jgave its name to the volume,-«wa« beauti- ful, dreamypclassieal-very .classical-but via a_ style'üf versification inot- xir.iLsrstanded j.oor likely to'bo understánded oft he people, übvor instance .Ever nen- magic ! Hast thotr.tlien lured hither, Wonderful Goddess, hy thy--crt. ?The young, languid-eyed 'Auiv.elus, lacclluä'» darling .Or some .youth beloved of Pan, Of.Paú «nd tho Nyihphalf That-he-sits, bending-downward '.' His wli¡té,"«]el¡cuto nook " To the ivy-wreathed margo ? .Ol'thy cuff- the brightj.glnnóin» vinolenves That .orown. his hair : Falliiip forwards, mingling V' Wi ttl the darli ivy plants:; '?.His fawn-skin, hull untied, Smearcd.wjlh led wine-.«tai nö? Who is lie, That ho sits overweigbed ... Hy .fume» of wine and sleep, So lato.iin thy portico Î" What youth,'. GoJdess-^Vi"hat:gusst Of Goda ot mortals ? 'tlThis, is a wei y, pretty. picture after the irmtique; anti ¿the.writer of ihcilines might be».sometIiingAV-ery goqd ; . ibutjHf he con i tinued'to:\v3Ütei so, he would, nicver be an '.English poet. ': \ ' .iTlic poeiTLfi nicst pleasing itoilie ordinary mind in the'; rfir-Bt-volume .were the Siek ¿KiHtf.Jn; BuJíltara . for. .pathos, 3À. modem . Sappho, for passion,.-; and /'Myoarinus for romance. T¡o,-sc.me, w'e believe, the New . Sirans sccmctdidcep ; to"us'iîfrvBâ3 simply dark'though ,-^vitli a . tantalizing sort of beauty-*\ Wdll.^aaid, by, incite ur.y ; but I donU'aknow wbutsyou mean.,?, .all classi- cal'Scholars rmnstlLavc reveraauedta superb imitation of tlteidUoric parts erf .'Sophocles Á\v]A£-Wrftgwcnt¡aft<},. Lost. Au£igcmo. .?.¡Mypérinus is';nn;»ncient legend.modern- ized ;¡,,-¿ procese wyliich, we conceive, an .an,ci.e.nt,.: legend .tseldom bears... The simple ¿ story. in ¿/líeroiloius that '.Egypt ., was j doomed by . ithe gods to a certain ¡period of ,siíííering linder,Jb>id. kings^.:.^and thatjJNTyeerinus reigning . well, and. 16O, unwittingly, ibreak ¡ingtiififdivinedecree.jijii.ad his life.diortcned by thß;aj)ger;of {Hetiven. . This is«gueer theqlogyui bl?t then it-is Egyptian s .arid the .story"as. «end in;£fe>;o#otus is wild ¡anú oad ¡cnp.iigh. " A," however, makes m the Rheology nt:\l queerer. : I wilf-uufold my sentence and my crime. .My crime, that, rapt Sn reverential urie, 1 sate obedient, 'n tho fiery prime Ol' yotith,.self-govçraodr at tho foot of law.; ;Etinoblíng:¡;thÍH_ dull («mp, tho life of kings, : Uy .eontcmplution of, il.j\MK0r things. ; My fatherilcved injustice,-.cud HtoJ Ionic.; , -Crowned with gray hairs'hadicJ, and fuji.of sway. i I loved the good hp fcorned, and hated wrong; ?. ¡The Gods declared my.repompeitso to-day. , -l.look'd fjr, lifo moro lasting, rule moro high:; A&tii;) whoo six,yc¡n\s are nieoEuVd, lo, I diel» '; îTlic. gods.of the heathen wore bad enough;; (but even thc gods of thc heathen were not .exactly the 'p^uiichers of vistac. This is .making;the pkmc. fatheriof history, or lus 3?gyptian ihtbnment, outdo Shelley in un lov'tho.dgxy,. wjieu; they did not intend to bciiinorthodox ii4,all. .-.Wc think, also, as ve ..hinted .abov,£L,-',that the. flory loses, to imaginative mino'.!;, by being' expanded, and .to.-pll ; minds. ,l>y being. tatinsplnntcd ; and wo...note, this tho more, because it is so tentlenojv.when yav¿/ind a bit, of gold in an auciunt.yrit0r,.to.iimprove ití\udappro- priate it byithe nddrtion-of a. little gilding. Tho pièce do, rciititc. nee in the., second volume {siE-mpcdqcles, on Etna. jEnipc doclcs, . as,our. readers are aware,, was a jiliilostyher.aud social reformer, half sage, half charlatan, .like. Pythagoras ; and tho story wt-.s that, in .his, capacity pf .char latan, he tlnwiliiniself iiito Etiia in.order that, his'death. Jjeing.,inil he supposed immortal and divine. " gives the .talc ;.a philosophic turn, .«nd mnkics Empcdoqle^ return io the elements because, evil.mid.thc Sophists having won the day, the world,is np.longer worthy .-of him, and he.is disgusted .with tho world-.: a state of mLud .with-.which A " seems io sympathize, but.with .which wc have DO sympathy whatever, and which we should be sorry,to see. represented, cither in prose or ryhmc, :t'is. any thing :but a ma- lady to be cured ^ir,aii.'aiIectiitioji to bc ri- diculed. No maui over-was too good to '? live with men ; noever,was.too wise to ,be understood by men. .Tiie dvamvlis penaunw.(ipr .thc;lorin is dramatic) are Empcduclos himself, Tan- sanias,,-a physician, and¡follt>wcr of.Empe, «loóles ; and Callide*, u youiig poet, fciausa.uias (a "human Iveulw," .as Cnüyle would Ç'Jl him) comes for ,a prescription to heal ;ll>« body, and get« ifrom Empc docJcH, as " divine healer,-" ,a {prescription to^ heal the soul. Callide*, /luring the crisis?, sings sivectly from bdow, and moves Einpedocles to sing doeply :from above. .Tt'.is in the Kong« of Cidlielos that we lind " A's" host imitations ;of .the Greek poets, and most excellent they nrq. If any one who does not know ùxeck wishes to gain a notion of thc calm ^gKicc of Greek poetry, let him look, not to Tennyson, but here ; ,l''iir, fur from hore, Thu Adi iatiu brinks iii n worm hay Among the groan llhvrhui hills ; and thoro Tho stimhitie in tho happy filens la fair, * And by tho se.a mid in tho brakoa. Tho grans is cool, tho Sftttsidonir Dilatant und fresh, tho mountain (toivurs As virginal and sweet as our*. Ami there, they say, two bright and aged sunhu.4. Who (Mice wcro Cadmus nnd Harmonia, ILIasU lu tho glens or ¡on tho warm senshorc, lu bronthlosB quiet after all their 111*. Nor do I hey soo their country, nor tho p'neo Where tho Sphinx lived among tho frowning hills, Nor tho unhappy imlnao of tiroir raer, Nor Thebes, nor tho Tsmonas, any moro. Thero thuso two live, fur in tho Illyrluu brakes. Thov lind stayed long enough lo see, In Titube*, tho billow of calamity Over their own deni' children rolled, Curie upon auric, pang upon pang, For years, they sitting helpless in their humo, A gray old utan mid woman ¡ yut ol' old The gods hud to their ninrrlngo come, Aud ut tho banquet nil thu Musca tung. Thorofuro thoy did not omi lliolrdnys in sight ol' bleod i but wera rapt, far away, To where tho west wind plays, And uiurmuM ol' tho Adriatic como Tu tiio«o untrodden niomitiiin hwnn ami Micro, Placed safely in changed forms, the pair Wholly forget 'their first sad life, and home, And all that Theban woe, and stray For ever througb the glens, placid and dumb. , We might have taken-a specimen more; striking, but not so pure, or so free from direct invitations of thought or phrase, and yet so truly antique in spirit. Empedocles bequeathes his wisdom to .thc ' world, before quitting it, in some 8O , ' stanzas of five lines each, the rhyme being carried 'from the long final line of one ; stanza to that of ' the next—a most un- comfortable metre to our ear. There is in these lines much of that ingenuity of ex pression in - translating philosophy and science into simple poetic language , of which Tennyson is the great, and, perhaps, the first master : Look, tho world tempts our eye, And we would know it all. We map the starry sky, We mine this earthen ball, We measure the sea-tides,' we number the sea-sands : We scrutinize tho dates Of longpast human things, The hounds of effaced states, The lives, of deceased kings: We search out dead men's words and works of dead men's hands : We shut our eyes, and muse How our own minds are made ; What springs of thought they use, How righten'd, how betrayed ; And spend our wit to name what most employ unnamed. We might also pick out some fine thoughts: but of the exact recipe for moral and spiritual health which Epimenides gives Pausanias in these stanzas we confess we can render no distinct account ; though we have a strong suspicion that the philoso-' pher's tenets would not have helped him to a bishopric. Indeed, we must own that we do not feel absolutely bound to find the meaning of a poet's philosophy. Poetry is not the proper medium for ab- struse speculation. It is hard enough to understand philosophers in prose when; they have unlimited choice of words, and are not bound to ryhme, and are bound, at least in England, to make themselves as intelligible a they can. A mystic like Mr. Carlyle may talk eloquently of the Vates, the prophet-poet, who comes to us with a divine mission to reveal the sacred mysteries of the universe ; but if any real poet actually takes this description and these functions to himself, they will cer- tainly bewilder his ryhmes, and perhaps turn his head. The prophet and the poet were one when oracles. were delivered in verse ; and poetry, instead of prose, was the common medium for communicating ard preserving knowledge before the in- vention of writing, because poetry was easy to remember and prose was not. Whatever theology .or philosophy the primitive Greeks and Italians had, they sang,-just as they sang their astronomy, their agriculture, their politics, and their -economies. This is the historical ac count of the matter; and the other ac- count is only a classic way of idolizing poets. The poetic nature, is sensitive, not speculative; and the duty of poetry is to charm, to soothe, to melt, to fire, to refine, to elevate, but not to teach. De- monstration is absolutely revolting to its nature ; and we see at once that Dryden's "Hind and Panther" is a feat.of ingenu ity, not a poem. The poet, may sing about systems of philosophy, as he does about any other object of human interest; iu the .present day he may sing much about systems of philosophy, as in less meditative days he sang much about the battle,the war chariot, and the galley. But he must sing of them, not as they appeal to the understanding, but as they touch the heart ; he must give us their sentiment, not their science. This, is the character, of the happiest efforts of Lucre- tius,-this is the character of the best philosophic passages of Tennyson, It is mere dilettantism, or at best but a barren display of ingenuity, to argue or expound in poetry. Mr. Keble is an eminent poet and an eminent divine ; but when ho de feuds the doctrine of eternal punishment in melodious verse he gricviously mistakes the object for which melodious verse was given to man. We observe, by the way, that " A" chooses three singular guides to "prop his mind in these bad days." Thc first is Homer, the second is Epictetus, the third, and most valued, is Sophocles ; who, he thinks, " saw life steadily, and saw it whole." We should hardly have thought that there was any moral prop in Homer, except the picture of that self-reliance which force and cunning give their posses- sor in warlike and adventurous days. Epictetus said many fine things ; but who can realize and who would profess a stoicism which teaches you to regard your body, your estate, your reputation, your wife, and your child as things entirely ex- ternal to yourself, and to be as little troubled at the loss of the dearest thing on earth as you would he at the breaking of a toy ? And as to Sophocles, " A" must permit us to say that, great dramatist as he is, the evidences of his intellectual weakness appear to us far too plain to allow of our believing that he saw tho whole of life, and accepting him as a mo- ral guide. The verse, in fact, alone could make " A's " criticism pass unchallenged. It would he instantly rejected if, instead of appearing in a sonnet, it appeared, as it well might appear, in its native prose. How many passages of Wordsworth are there in which poetry serves no better purpose ! Empedocles is full of beauties, and will well repay perusal. Its weakness is that, as we have intimated, the character and action of the hero are, as appears to us, beyond the pale of rational sympathy, and almost of probable conception, But this, which would be fatal to it if it was a drama, is not fatal to it, as it is only a dramatic poem. Tristram and Isealt, the other long piece in tho second volume, invites, but baffles, our intellectual embrace. It is full of lines and passages of unmistakable beauty, lint, us a whole, we can only say that we have read it three times, and that the glimmering of light which we scumed vanished on the third. This will nut do. For the love ol' truth, or for the love of money, people may rack their brains to mas- ter Kant's "Kritik," or Ferne's " Contingent Remainders ;" but they will not, for the love of poetry, rack their brains to master Tristram and Isealt. We can scarcely be-1 lieve that great vigour of thought or¡ great vividness of conception would ever fail to show itself in clearness of exprès- sion : we believe that obscurity,'in ninety mine cases out of a hundred, indicates, not depth, but weakness. But, be this as it may, obscurity is fatal to pleasure ; the poet who requires from us a laborious ef- fort of the understanding, -will -senrcely find his way deep into thc heart. Many bf the shorter poems in this second volume are very beautiful. .A'Sum ?)iei,'s Night is an extremely beautiful thing ; but it is too long to .give entire, and to give an ' extract from it ...would be ; scarcely just. A Farcvcell will furnish a short specimen of moro popular nnd per- spicuous ethics, which ' it may be fair to give after our complaints of ^philosophic obscurity in Empcilöclcs. I lilamo thoo not ; this heart, I'know, ,. To bo long loved was never framed ; For something in its depths doth glow Too strange, too restlcsB, too untamed. Andwomon-thing's that live anti movo Jlin'd by the fever of tho soul They seek to lind in those they lovo . Stern strength and promise of. control. They nsk not kindness, gentle ways; Tlieso they themselves have' "tl iud and known ¡ . They ask a soul which n aver sways . With , the blind gusts whick shake; their own. . , ' . ' . I, too, have felt the load I hore . In a too Btrong emotion's ¿¿wray.';.'" ./? I, too, have wished., no .woman more, i 1 ' ' This stnrdirigïTevorlsh hcurtüway: I, too, have longed for trenchant: loree, . .' A nd will like a dividing spear.;1' Have praised tho keon, unscrupulous course, \Vhich knows no doubt, which feels noi'var. But in tho world I learnt, what thoro . - ,... Thou, too, will surely ona day prove, ' That will, that euorgy, thuuah rare, A rd'y et fur,'far less rii'rö than love. '. Here again, is a piece of moral painting from Memorial Verses :— Whe Goethe's death was told, we said,— Sunk, then, is Europe's sagest head. Physician of tho Iron Age, ¡ Goethe has done his pilgrimage. He took tho suffering human race, He read each wound, each weakness-clear, And struck his finger on tho place. And said,-Thou ailest here and here. . Ho look'd on Europa's dying hour, i.Of fitful cl roam and foverMi power ; His oyo plunged down the weltering strife, Tho turmoil of expiring lifo; ' Ho said,-Tho end is everywhere : .UVrt still has truth,-tako rcfugo there- \ And ho was happy, if lo know ; , Causes of things, and fur below lHis feet to so? the lurid flow . Of terror and insane dist roes, And headlong futo, bo happiness. Anil Wordsworth ! Ali, palo ghosts, rejoice! r3Tor no vcr 1ms such soothing voice jieen to your shadowy world conveyed,. , bi nco erst, nt morn, some wandering shad« -Heard tho cl on- song of Orpheus como Through Hades nnd the mournful gloom. Wordsworth is guno from us-and yo Ah, may yo feelhis voice ns we ! He,' too, upon n wintry elimo Hud fallen-on this iron time Ol'doubts, disputes, dislniol ions, fears. ? Ho.i'ound us when tho nge hud bound Our.souls in its benumbing round ; \- lia s|>okc, and loos'd our heart in tears \- He.luid us, as wo loy at birth - '- ? - On tho cool flowery Inp of earth ¡ Smiles broke from us, and we had ease ; Tho hills were round us, and tho breeze Went o'er tho sunlit fields again : Our foreheads felt tho wind and rain. Our youth returned ; for there was shod On spirits that had long been dead, Spirits dried up, and closely furled, The freshness of the early world. These are .fine lines, and, as regards Wordsworth at least, most true; for Wordsworth's poems, after the effete clas- sicism which had preceded, were a perfect resurrection of nature .and of feeling ; and we must never .forget this if his view of nature was somewhat.narrow and his feel- ing sometimes assumed a guise which is alien to masculine .understandings and strong hearts. So ;far its one man of genius can be thc offspring of another, wc owe to Wordsworth all thc genuine obser- vation of nature and ¿character, thc genuine intellectual interest,- and thc genuine feeling, which so happily mark ;the poetry-of the present day. We demur .more to tho worship of Goethe, whose philosophy of regulated sensibility never cured, and never will cure, any human soul of its most fatal weaknesses, .either in thc,Iron Age or any other. '.A's " poetical cultivation has .been too .extensive to allow of his taking up with .any single model. But, like other poets .of our day, ho is a good deal influenced by Tennyson, and he is in danger of inheriting some of that poet's faults. Tennyson has very much endangered the immortality of some of his poetry by making its interest .dependent on the intellectual fashions of thc day, such us an exaggerated view of classical life and sen- timent; an exaggerated scepticism, and an exaggerated reverence for Goethe. This subserviency of the poet to his age is, to a certain extent, unavoidable. Dante could not help taking a Papal view of religion and society. Shakspeare could not help taking an Elizabethan view of politics; and, if a poet writes about philosophy, it must be the philosophy of 'his day.. But he does this at a certain cost. So fur ¡as he binds him- self to that which, in the coursc of human intellect, is transitory, so far he, too, must pass away. We speak on the assumption that " immortality" is thc great prize of poets ; for, if a man chooses to give him- self to the agc into which he is horn, it is not for us to deny that he may do well. Fame, too, has her museum as well as her temple ; and a man who has ceased to be read for anything else may be read as a specimen of his age. A second fault into which we think Tennyson may lead a dis- ciple is an attempt to gain too great au intellectual dominion for poetry, to tho prejudice of ita proper prerogative, which is to sway the fancy and the feelings. We have already touched on this subject in speaking of " A's " philosophy. Poetry never can be tho proper vehicle of know- ledge or opinion; and the interest which it acquires by being made the vehicle of knowledge or opinion at all is entirely factitious, and ought not to be aimed at without great' caution, and only in a very moderate degree. A third is too great elaboration.,. It is a merit to have avoided the loose and slipshod style in which some even of our. most popular poets were wont to indulge ; but when every epithet chal- lenges admiration, and every clause de- mands reflection, a painful effect of an opposite character is produced upon the mind. It is like looking into one of those glass toys so common on our drawing room tables, in which a crowd of minute fanciful figure is seen .through a thick glass. The sight .aches with the effort. Even 'diffuse compositions, if they arc easy, give a certain pleasuvc by contrast with such laborious condensation. 