To the Editor of the Daily Courier. Sir,-My attention has just been called to a paragraph in one of the Hobart Town papers, to which I beg, leave, through your columns, to reply. It does not concern the public to know what might be the nature of the communication which I received by the Chusan, and therefore I shall not enlighten them on the subject. Thus much, however, I may say, that neither Joseph Ady, nor his ghost, have persuaded me " to proceed home without delay," by holding out the prospect of ". hearing of something to my advantage," when I got there. The res augusta, doing, to which allusion is somewhat needlessly made in the concluding part of the paragraph, would of itself render the establishment of any claim to a barony (?) a matter of perfect indifference to me. I have no desire whatever to find myself Lord Tom Noddy when I arrive in England ; the height of my ambition is to recover the position I have lost, and to be within sight and, it necessary, within reach of a Russian fleet The more immediate object of my present communication is to contradict the statement which follows; viz. that " I was persuaded to resign my commission in the Navy at the instance of the Bishop of Tasmania, who promised me a good appointment in that diocese as an inducement to do so; but that those promises have never been fulfilled, and are not likely to be so ;',' that, moreover, " a case of greater injustice was never heard of, &c.;" Now, it is due to the Bishop of Tasmania to say that, since I have seen a letter addressed by his Lordship to a friend of his, who forwarded it to me for my inspection, I have been convinced that I have no claim whatever upon him, and that I never had any; for in that letter his Lordship declares most positively that he never said a single word to any one by way of inducing me to leave the navy, and that he neither himself offered, nor authorised any one for him to offer me any specific appointment in his diocese. I cannot, therefore, with any reason complain that any act of great injustice has been done me by him. It is due, however, to myself to state, that some of my friends in Hobart Town who repeatedly urged me to resign my commission in the navy and settle in Van Diemen's Land gave me most distinctly to understand, again and again, that the Bishop did most strongly advise me to take such a course, and that I might expect a very good appointment if I would do so. So strongly did I represent the difficulties that would stand in the way of my complying with such a request, that the Bishop (in the letter alluded to) expresses his belief at the timotohavo been that I refused to do so. It was only in compliance with repeated solicitations, and an intimation at the last moment " that I might expect £300 a year to begin with," that I gave way, or that Captain Erskine consented to discharge me from the Havannah. ' I consider it due to myself to state this in my own defence. And I also consider it due to my friends to express my firm conviction that they did not intentionally 'misinform me. I am sure that they could not possibly have done so, but that they must themselves have been labouring under a mistake in supposing that the Bishop advised me to leave the Havannah, or that he had the power to befalls me to the extent represented to me. I have no hesitation whatever in making his acknowledgment, although I am acquainted with all that has subsequently occurred, and notwithstanding the fact that I have to no purpose, again and again requested my friends to inform the Bishop of my having been induced under false, however unintentionally false, representations to leave the navy, and thereby, as I fear, blight my prospects for life; in order that his Lordship might be enabled to write such a letter for me as would, in all probability, have the effect of procuring my reinstatement in the navy, and that no notice whatever has been taken of so reasonable a demand. " It has given me great pain and annoyance to write this letter, but I could not allow the statement, as it stood, to remain uncontradicted, and I could not contradict it without alluding to matters, in self A fence, which I had much rather have left untold. With this apology for my communication, ' ' I remain, . Yours very obediently, JOHN MILNER. Sydney, 21st December, 1853. 