CMISCELLANY. In order to love mankind, expect little from them. In order to view their faults without bitterness we must accustom our selves to pardon them, and to perceive that Indulgence is a justice which frail humanity has a right to demand from wisdom. Now, nothing tends more to dispose us to Indulgence, to close our hearts against hatred, to open them to the principles of a humane and soft morality, than a profound knowledge of the human heart. Accord ingly, the wisest men have been the most indulgent. CHARLES LAin-" ELEr A."-Some years since I ventured to request Information as to tile proper way of pronouncing the word "Elin," from the talented and kind-hearted Judge Talfourd, whosoe days have just been broughlt to a close iunder such truly awful circumstances. The ready reply which lihe gave to all unknown inquirer, whilst it Illustrates the courtesy and cordiality of his character, may prove inlteresting to your readers. " Temple, June 15, 1838.--Sr, 1 have tile honour to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the Ith, and to express miy pleasure at filding that you sympathlise wlth me in genial admiration of the delightfll person to whomn It refers. All 1 know respecting the signature of ' Ilia,' will be fotund at p. 65 of the second volume of Lamb's Letters. It was the real name of a coxcombical clerk 30 years dead, wllom Lamb remembered at the South Sea Ilouse, and prefixed to his first essay (which was on the 'Old South Sea House') in the 'London Magazine.' Tlhe editor anlterwards used It to distinguishl Lamb's articles, and he finally adopted it. The i is short (' Elia.') It is an Italian nameo.-I have the honor to be, Sir, yolur obodient and fiitllful servant, T. N. Tulfourd." From "Notes and Queries." EvxnY-lY Lxre.--Beggar bor, addres sing a gentleman. "Oh, dear, Sir, give me a penny, I'm a poor orphlan. ity fatther and mother are both dead-all my brothers and sisters are dead. Do, only a cent, because my fillther will beat me if I don't bring money home for mother, so that we can buy bread for miy poor sisters and brothers. Oh, do Sir." Gentleman--" That story won't do. Liars and beggars should have a good memory." TuI Corroa CoMaMnRc.-Last year tile United States of America took an increase of 11 per cenit.; Germany,. Russia, and IIolland an increase of 74 per cent., and an increase of 31 per cent. went to the shores of the Mediterranean. On tile other Iand, to Great Uritain there was a decrease of 1i per cent., a decrease to France of 2} per cent., to Spain a decrease of 44 per -cent., and to countries bordering on the Adriatic a decrease of 18 per cent. REwAnD Or V nTUs.-Iin a tract distri buted by the Mormon preachers, the following question and answer occur: What shall be the reward of those who have forsaken their wives for righteousness' sake ? A hundred-fold of wives here, and wives hereafter. SAsouas BANKs.-Tlho number of de positors in savings banks in the united kingdom was 1,237,301; the amount of their deposits, £31,399,693. Besides these depositors, 13,709 charitable institutions lhad £074,489 In savings banks, and 8,293 friendly societies had £1,277,493. There were 577 other friendly societies which had direct accounts with the National Debt Comlmissionlers, and whose fitnds 'in the commissioners' hands amounted to £2,386,226. Of the 1,237,301 depositors in savings banks therere were 102,449 (male and female) with deposits exceeding £50. Tar MlovesrAci hMIovsameNT.-It is rnumoured that all tile oysters on the Eng lish coast, following tie example of other natives In her Mlajesty's dolnilons, intend, for tile future, adding tihe mousetacho to the beard they have been hitherto in the habit only of wearing.-Punch. ltRssA?n ItEsroNssnuE.rrns.-3iss Susan Nipper says that the Russians have an awful responsibility resting on them for killing the Turks, for every Turk who Is killed leaves a dozen widows.-American Paper.-(Not so Miss Nipper. A Turk can only indulge in the luxury of ladies to the extent of his means. -Oe': WVra.-L'Union (French paper) states'that, when D'Eantrecast:aux landed ina one of tie Islinads of Oceania, ho foulll tid' ilhablitants addicted to canuibalisum and tha it t nppears, notwithstanding all tIh zeal of the ~lrench missionlares, they have not yet succeeded inl rooting out the habit effectually. Ono day, a savagouepon whom thle exhortations of a missionary had nmade an tllpression, camo btefore hin alid ex pressed a desire to become a christian. "Bt (sanid tihe missionary) you have two wives, and Christianity allows only one." Ou hearing this, the neophlyto retired. Some days after, he returned, and theo persisted in his laudable resolution. 4 Very well (sald the missionary), but your two wives?" "I have only ono," replied the savage. " And the other P" I have caten her." "No man can do anything against hias will," said a metapnhysiclan to an Irish man. ".Be Jaborsl I had a brother," sahl Pat, " that wlnt to Botney lay, an' faith I know it was greatly against his own will." A poetical transatlantio anctioneer conl eluded thie enoallncemenllt of It flurnituro sale, with the following sublimel comparison: "And a host of domestic oppreciables. nl some degree coulltless its the glittering Jewels which bestrideo the lactel turnpikeo of the blue ethereal." A correspondent of tlthe rattleborough Engeo tolls the following story of a witusaC upon a liquor trial:-" HIow do you know It was brandy P"asked tlhe lawyer. " \Vell," replied tie ready witness, "I smelled of it first, nmd than I 'welcomed' about a glass of it' Tihe unexpected verb wholly upset thlo gravity of the court, jury, and miseel laneous people; and they were not at all assisted ill recovering their equanimity by by is further testimony that the mant who bought tihe brandy drank of it lhlself "till lihe was quite alunbrious."' MIr. G. II. Lewis hans published anl amaas lug accoulnt of a seonce with tihe "rapping" lady nowhin London, in the coaoso of which tile "Spirits" were entrapped in say. that the ghost of IIanmlet's father and S?mlranllis had sevellteeln noses; that Pontius Pilate was a leading tragedian ; and that one of the Eflmenlides died six years ago, aged twenty-five, leaving six childrenl Indeed, tile only correct reply received was onle which declared the "Median"m" to bo n hnposterl Mr. Lewis' hypothesis is, that the Medium guesses ac cording to the indications the experimenta liser gives, and only guesses right when you give right Indications.' A ]FAsumoAnLta FouL..-In 1780, the fashion at Paris consisted in wearing two watches. The Duke do Iticlcelioe having a pair which literally flamed witll precioua stones, a sycophant entreated pIermssion to admire thel . Thie awkward courtier, how ever, dropped one of them on the floor; and in attempting to save it, let fall the other. Tihe fragile trifles were were thus ruined, and Ilestammered out a thousand apologies. "Do not bo uneasy, cried tile Duke, "I never before saw them go so well together:' 