NORTH AUSTRALIA. THE following paper, by Geo. W. Earl, Esq., was drawn up from notes collected on the spot, and was published in the " Transactions of the Royal Geographical Society." The article is of great interest, and has recently been re-pub- lished in the Ethnographical Library. "The manners and customs of the native inhabitants of a newly-explored country present an interesting subject of inquiry : and by placing on record, at the earliest period of our acquaintance with them, the dis- tinctive features of the different tribes of which they are composed, many peculiarities interesting to the researches of the geographer and the ethnologist may be preserved, which the progress of civilization, and the consequent increase of intercourse between them, would tend to obliterate. Several of our earlier travel- lers in Australia appear to have felt the importance of this subject, and have paid due attention to it. With the tribes, however, of the northern coast, of whom I propose to speak, we have, till lately, been less familiar than with others : and these possess a peculiar interest, from the circumstance of the country they inhabit being in the close vicinity of the islands of the Indian Archipelago. These islands, again-that is to say, the groups more immediately adjacent to Port Essing- ton—are occupied by a portion of the human family concerning which very little was known previous to our occupation of the north coast, when the measures that became necessary for establishing the security of commercial relations in that quarter, brought us into communication with tribes with which we had pre- viously been unacquainted. At Port Essington, in- deed, we were completely surrounded by singular and interesting communities. A circle drawn around the settlement at a distance of 500 miles would enclose an almost equal number of distinct tribes, varying in complexion from the sooty black of the negro to the freckled yellow of the Polynesian mountaineer, and differing in social condition as much as in personal appearance. " The superior organization that exists in a colonial establishment composed entirely of individuals in the employ of government, is highly favourable to the maintenance of friendly relations with the aboriginal tribes ; and iIt is probably owing to this circumstance that our occupation of the Coburg Peninsula has been unattended with those collisions which so often occur when civilized men are brought into close comunica- tion with savages. Among the advantages attending this state of affairs may be counted that of our having became familiarly acquainted, not only with the tribes in the immediate neighbourhood, but also with indi- viduals from distant parts, who had been induced, by curiosity, to visit the strange people that had fixed their abode upon the coast. Parties of warriors, headed by their chiefs, occasionally came from the remote interior to pay us a flying visit, and nearly every Macassar prahu that arrived from the Gulf of Carpen- taria brought two or three individuals from one or other of the tribes that are distributed along the inter- mediate coast. Indeed, about the month of April, when the prahus congregate at Port Essington, the population of the settlement became of a very motley character, for then Australians of perhaps a dozen different tribes might be seen mixed up with natives of Celebes and Sumbawa, Badjus of the coast of Borneo, Timorians, and Javanese, with an occasional sprinkling of New Guinea negroes ; and very singular groups they formed, busied, as they generally were, amid fires and smoke, curing and packing the trepang, or sea- slug, which they had collected from the shoals of the harbour. I propose here giving a general sketch of the tribes inhabiting the Australian coast, from the Coburg Peninsula towards the east, confining myself chiefly to points more immediately connected with geographical science—namely, the distribution of the various tribes, the points upon which they may happen to differ ffrom other Australian tribes with which we are already acquainted, and the social pecu- liarities that may afford traces of a connection with other races. " In the first place I should state, that certain general characteristics are observeable among all the tribes of this part of the continent with which we became acquainted. Their skins are invariably embossed with raised cicatrices. The septum of the nose is generally pierced, that is to say among the men, for the custom docs not appear to extend to the other sex. Clothing is disregarded, except by way of ornament, and in lieu of this they display a great tendency to adorn their persons with streaks of white, red, or yellow pigment. These customs, indeed, appear to pervade not only all the Australian tribes, but also the negro communities of New Guinea, and of those islands of the Indian Archipelago in which remnants of this race still exist. But these northern Australians, at least the tribes with which we are most familiar, have cer- tain customs which are not general among the abori- gines of this continent. For instance, their mode of burying their dead is singular. The body is deposited in a sort of cradle, formed by a number of poles, ar- ranged within the crutches of two forked posts stuck upright in the ground. It is enveloped in many folds of the paper-like bark of the tea-tree, and is left there until the skeleton only remains, wliich is then deposited either in a general receptacle for the relics of the dead, or, if death should have occurred at so great a distance from this spot as to render removal inconvenient, it is placed upright within the hollow trunk of a decayed tree. We also discovered a distinction of caste or, rather, the remains of such a distinction, for the natives themselves appear to have forgotten its origin and purport. These castes are three in number, and are termed respectively ' Manjar-ojalli,' ' Manjar- wuli,' and ' Mambulgit.' The former is supposed to have sprung from fire, the term ' ojalli' having this signification. The ' Manjar-wuli,' as the term implies, had their origin in the land. The signification of the term ' Mambulgit' is exceedingly obscure. The natives themselves state that it implies ' makers of nets.' The ' Manjar-ojalli' is certainly the superior caste, for, among those tribes in which chieftainship exists, the principal families are invariably of this caste, and are in the habit of alluding to the circum- stance with considerable pride. With regard to the two remaining castes, I never could discover exactly which was the superior, indeed, the statements of the natives themselves are so contradictory upon this point, that it never has been, and, perhaps, never will be cleared up. This point is interesting, from the circumstance of a very similar distinction of caste being found to exist among the Polynesian tribes of the neighbouring islands, who also adopt a similar mode of disposing of their dead. The natives of the Cobourg Peninsula have also certain superstitions respecting the " waringin " or banyan-tree, which are common to the Indian islanders. Beyond this, their superstitions appear to resemble those which pervade the greater portion of the Australian tribes—a belief in the exist- ence of evil spirits, of kurlocks or demons, and of ghosts ; against the whole of which fire affords protec- tion. The spirits of the dead are also recognised in the strangers, whether European or Indian, who visit their country. " Although, as I before stated, these northern Aus- tralians possess many of the general characteristics the tribes of the south, still some striking peculiarities were found to exist, which contributed to excite a con- siderable degree of curiosity and attention, more especially as they also served to distinguish one tribe from another, even in some cases where their terri- tories were immediately adjacent. During our earlier intercourse, when from inability to converse with the natives we could learn little respecting them beyond what absolutely met our eyes, we supposed that these peculiarities were merely accidental ; but, subse- quently, when our means of acquiring information became extended, and bodies of individuals from remote tribes occasionally resided among us, we per- ceived that many natives, who had attracted notice from being somewhat different in personal appearance from the people among whom they resided, were, in reality, mere visitors from distant tribes. " Before entering into any particulars with regard to the characteristics of the various tribes, it will be necessary to notice their geographical distribution. The Cobourg Peninsula itself is occupied by four dis- tinct communities. Three of these inhabit the north- ern and central parts of the peninsula, while the fourth, which is the most numerous and powerful, occupies the entire southern coast and the islands of Van Diemen's Gulf ; the upper portion of the harbour of Port Essington being also in their possession. This last appears to have only recently acquired territory upon the peninsula ; indeed it would seem that at no very distant period, the pressure of a powerful people in the interior of the continent had driven one tribe in upon another, until several distinct communities have been crowded up within the Cobourg Peninsula, where, until very recently, they have been making war upon each other to such an extent, that two of these have, within the memory of natives now living, been reduced from numerous bodies to mere scattered remnants. " These four tribes are distinguished among each other by the term which in the particular dialect of each designates the monosyllable ' No.' Thus the tribe which inhabits Croker Island and the country about Raffles Bay (and which appears to have origi- nally consisted of two tribes, which have amalgamated to such an extent that characteristic distinctions are almost entirely lost) is termed ' Yaako ; ' the Port Essington tribe goes by the name of ' Yarlo,' the western tribe by that of ' Iyi, ' and the great southern tribe by that of ' Otibi.' Another powerful tribe, which occupies the coast for some distance to the eastward of the peninsula, is called from the country it inhabits, ' Jalakuru.' The Monobar tribe resides upon the eastern shores of Van Diemen's Gulf, extending to the south until it comes in Contact with the Bimbirik tribe, which occupies the lower parts of the Alligator Rivers. Those are all comparatively large communities, but the moun- tain range beyond is in possession of a people which appears to be more numerous than all the others put together, and which goes by the general name of ' Marigi-anbirik,' or people of the mountains. This tribe occupies a great extent of the uplands. Of those beyond we know nothing ; nor have we any ac- curate details respecting the distribution of the tribes which extend from Jalakuru toward the Gulf of Car- pentaria. The individuals belonging to them that visited the settlement from time to time, were in the habit of resorting to the ports frequented by the Ma- cassar trepang fishers, for purposes of barter, but the latter were unable to inform us whether they re- sided constantly upon the coast, or came from the in- terior. It was only with regard to one singular race, which I shall have occasion to mention presently, a people residing upon the north-west horn of the Gulf of Carpentaria, that we obtained any correct details upon this point. " With the Yako, or Croker Island tribe, our ac- quaintance is of older date than with the others, from the circumstance of the Raffles Bay settlement, which was established in 1827, having been situated within their territory. The people of this tribe are gene- rally small in stature, ill-formed, and their counte- nances are forbidding and disagreeable. The hair is generally coarse and bushy. The beards and whis- kers of the men are thick and curly, while the en- tire body is often covered with short crisp hair, which about the breast and shoulders is sometimes so thick as to conceal the skin. The eyes are small, and what should be the white has a dull muddy appearance. Their aspect, altogether, is more forbidding than that of the Australian aborigines generally. Nor are their dispositions of the most amiable description. They did not amalgamate with us so readily as the others, but this probably was in a great degree ow- ing to the influence of the chiefs, who evidently re- garded us with considerable jealousy, as being likely to supersede the influence they possessed among their people. The occasional visits of their chiefs to the settlement were invariably attended by a series of petty thefts, undertaken not by the chiefs themselves, but at their instigation. Mimaloo, one of their princi- pal chiefs, who was known at Raffles Bay by the name of ' One-eye,' was particularly obnoxious in this respect, and latterly he was forbidden to enter the settlement. This man was one of the most perfect savages I ever remember to have met. His gestures, when offended, were frantic in the extreme, and re- sembled those of a wild beast rather than of a human being. His henchman and bosom friend, Loka, was characterized by a gloomy ferocity, even more distasteful than the fitful fury of his savage chief. This man was lately entrapped and kil- led by the Macassars, at a port on the north coast, for having, during the previous year, treacherously murdered one of their number, by throwing a spear at him when his back was turned. As far as we our- selves were concerned, this tribe proved to be harm- less ; but this was evidently the result of fear rather than of affection. I here allude more particularly to the chiefs ; for the people, when left to themselves, conducted themselves well, and treated the parties from the settlement that occasionally visited Croker Island with a considerable degree of hospitality. The Yarlo and Iyi tribes, our more immediate neighbours, resemble each other very closely in general character- istics, although their dialects are totally dissimilar. They are a taller and better formed people than the Croker Island natives, and from the very commence- ment of our residence among thom they evinced great partiality towards us, which ripened into what I believe to be a firm attachment. Being broken tribes, without chiefs, but divided into a number of families, they probably looked upon us as being likely to afford them some protection from their formidable neighbours, who had shown a great inclination to encroach upon their little territory. "The Oitbi, or, as it was more generally termed by us, the Bijnalumbo tribe, which occupies the southern part of the peninsula, becomes of interest, from the circumstance of many individuals belonging to it pos- sessing a superior physical organisation to the people already mentioned. Arched eyebrows, straight silky hair, and complexion fairer than that of the Australian aborigines generally, were by no means uncommon, and many individuals possessed, in a considerable degree, that obliquity in the position of the eyes, which is considered as being characteristic of some of the Polynesian tribes. These appearances were even more developed in the people from the mountain range who occasionally visited us. Upon the whole, I am very much inclined to suppose that there has been some infusion of Polynesian blood among the aborigines of this part of the continent. With regard to this point, however, it will be necessary to enter into some further details, which I propose deferring until I have dis- posed of the tribes on the Cobourg Peninsula. " Of the four dialects spoken by the tribes of the peninsula, one only appears to differ in its general con- struction from those spoken in other parts of the con- tinent, and this difference consists only in the words almost invariably ending in a vowel. I think this peculiarity is accidental, for it occurs in the Iyi tribe, which in every other respect closely resembles the Yarlo, or Port Essington tribe. The consonants s and f are rejected throughout the dialects of the peninsula, and this is also the case with the h aspirate. With the single exception mentioned above, two thirds at least of the words end in a consonant, and often in double con- sonants, as 'alk,' 'irt,' &c.; The nasal ' ng' is very common. In addressing a person at a distance, the words are made to run into one another, so that a sen- tence is spoken as if it formed only one word of many syllables. In the Croker Island dialect, a ' cluck ' occasionally o curs in the middle of a word, which is effected by striking the tongue against the roof of the mouth. " A very considerable portion of the coast natives has, from frequent intercourse with the Macassar trepang fishers, acquired considerable proficiency in their language, which is a dialect of the Polynesian. They never, indeed, speak it correctly, from their ina- bility to pronounce the letter s, which occurs rather frequently in the Macassar language. Thus berasa becomes ' bereja,' trusaan ' turutan,' salat ' jala,' &c.; They however, contrive to make themselves well un- derstood, not only by the Macassars, but by the people of tribes with whose peculiar dialect they may not be familiar. On our first arrival, the natives, from hav- ing been long accustomed to address strangers in this language, used it when conversing with us, and the consequence was, that some vocabularies were col- lected which consisted almost entirely of this patois, under the supposition that it was the language of the aborigines. " As the great inland tribe to which I have already alluded may be considered as one of the most inter- esting communities on these northern coasts, I propose entering into some details with regard to the origin and progress of our intercourse with them. We had scarcely been established at Port Essington more than a few weeks when it became evident that by far the greater portion of the axes, iron, clothes, &c;, that the natives obtained from our people, were carried into the interior for the use of the inland tribes. We learned also, that an individual belonging to one of these tribes was residing among the natives in our neighbourhood. He was a tall handsome young man, and from the circumstance of our supposing that he was employed upon a dip- lomatic mission, he was called the ' ambassador' by our people, a name that soon superseded his proper appellation, Manoubinoug. He had attracted attention from the first, by his unassuming yet somewhat dignified manners, and from his being always a mere looker-on, while the other natives were busily employed either in assisting our people, or in procuring food. He was, in fact, on a visit, and was treated with great consideration, not only by the tribe with which he was residing, but by all the natives who happened to be in our vicinity. This young man returned to the hills about six months after our arriyal, taking with him a Macassar man who had been engaged in the service of Sir Gordon Bremer, but who, being possessed of a wandering disposition, suffered himself to be enticed away from the settlement. Timbo, the man in question, returned among us after an absence of several months, and spoke in the highest terms of the reception he had met with from the people of the interior. He described thom as being much more numerous and better or- ganized than the coast tribes. One great chief, whom he dignified with the title of ' rajah' possessed con- trol over several large communities, each of which had also its own chief. The people derived their subsis- tence from the spontaneous produce of the country, which appeared to be in great abundance. The soil was not cultivated, but a kind of grain, which grew spontaneously upon the alluvial banks of the lakes, was collected and prepared for food by pounding with stones, cakes being formed of the meal, which were baked in the ashes of their fires. This grain, with wild yams, and the roots of rush called ' marowait,' constituted their chief vegetable food. The yams were described by Timbo as overspreading the face of the country. Their animal food consisted of the kangaroo, opossum, and wild-fowl (which last abounded upon the lakes), with a few fresh-water fish. " Timbo, on returning to the settlement, informed us, that a large party of inland natives purposed visit- ing us in the autumn, the season usually selected by them for making distant excursions. This informa- tion proved to be correct, for, in the month of Septem- ber, volumes of smoke were seen rising to the south- east, which, as our natives informed us, indicated that a party of people was advancing towards the coast, and burning the dry grass for the purpose of driving out the kangaroos, which are then easily speared in the confusion. We were, however, in a certain degree disappointed, for the party, which consisted of about forty men, halted a few miles to the south of the settle- ment, and, after remaining there a few days, returned into the interior without visiting the camp. Yet some little intercourse took place, for on two or three occa- sions the men who were employed in tending the cattle in the forest, accidentally met with them. I think it probable that they sometimes approached the settle- ment sufficiently close to see what was going on, for, on returning one day from a shooting excursion, I encountered the entire party in the pathway, about half a mile from the houses. They stopped short on seeing me, and appeared to be inclined to run away, but after a little deliberation they squatted down in a row by the way-side. I subsequently learned that this was intended by them as a sign of peaceful incli- nations, and that, if I had stopped and spoken to them, they would have accompanied mo into the settlement, as, partly from pride, and partly from timidity, they wished to be attended during their first visit, by one o the officers of the establishment. Such however, is their account of the affair ; but not knowing at the time, the peculiar state of their feelings, I adopted the plan that we had found from experience to be the best calculated to give confidence to timid strangers, and walked quietly past, without noticing them particu- larly. When some distance away from them, I turned, and saw that they had arisen,and were walking gently towards the settlement, but they must have altered their mind, for the next day we learned that they had taken their final departure for the interior. " During the following autumn we were more fortu- nate, for a party, amounting to upwards of thirty, headed by a tall active chief, named Alarac, marched at once into the settlement, and remained among us nearly a week. This chief was nearly six feet two inches in height, but his limbs were spare and sinewy. He differed in this particular from the people who accompanied him, the latter being for the most part sturdy-looking men, with plump and well-rounded limbs, and, although by no means short in stature, still not remarkable for their height. They appeared to be well-fed, comfortable people, but their most striking peculiarity consisted in the calm dignity of their manners. Although evidently pleased with the reception they met with, and surprised at the novelties that presented themselves to their view, they carefully abstained from displaying any approach to the monkey- like vivacity which usually characterises Australian aborigines when they first meet with strangers. Nor were they endeavouring to enact a particular part, as we were inclined to suppose, for we subsequently learned that this style of manner is natural to them, or, at all events, such as they generally adopt. " Our visitors were evidently adorned for the occa- sion. Each man, with the exception of the chief, was painted from head to foot with a red substance which is found in the hills, supposed to be meteoric iron.* Their only clothing, if such it may be called, con- sisted in a large tassel made from the fur of the opossum or kangaroo, which was suspended before them from a waist belt composed of the same ma- terials, and which was certainly an improvement on the state of perfect nudity in which the coast natives delighted. We afterwards found also, that their women invariably wore before them a mat formed of rushes, about two feet deep and three feet wide, evin- cing a sense of decency not common among the abo- rigines of this continent. Their weapons were spears or darts, headed with lozenge-shaped pieces of quartz+ or slate, very regularly formed ; womeras, or throwing sticks of great length ; and heavy two- handed clubs. Their hair, which was generally fine and somewhat curled, was adorned with little tufts of parrot's feathers or opossum fur, and they had al- together a very neat appearance. Nothing could ex- ceed the deference and attention with which they were treated by the coast natives, who introduced each individual separately to the officers of the garrison, and were evidently much gratified by the favourable impression made upon us by the pleasing manners of their countrymen. " Our new friends, on their departure for the in- terior, were most pressing in their desire that their visit might be returned, and I feel convinced that no hospita- lity would have been wanting on their part. The very limited numbers of the garrison, and the amount of duty, which, although not arduous, required many individuals to perform it, rendered it impossible that a number of men sufficient to form an organized party could be spared. That they will be visited ere long, is, however, more than probable ; and, although no striking novelty may be discovered, still it would be interesting to know something concerning the social state of this people. I have already stated that I have reason to suspect that these mountaineers have a con- siderable mixture of Polynesian blood in their veins. This opinion was formed after having held long and close intercourse with the aboriginal tribes of some of the adjacent islands of the Indian Archipelago, whose pure Polynesian descent cannot be doubted, and whose customs appear to have undergone no change since the early emigration of their race. At the same time, I must state that I have no grounds for supposing that any distinct tribe of Polynesians is at present existing in the interior. It would rather appear that, at some very distant period, a body of Polynesians (possibly of warriors, who had been driven out from some of the neighbouring islands, where the state of society re- sembled that of the South Sea groups when first dis- covered), may have been engrafted on an Australian, or rather, perhaps, on an ' oriental negro ' stock ; for many circumstances which I shall have to state more directly below, would induce the supposition that the aboriginal inhabitants of this part of Australia very closely resembled the Papuans of New Guinea, or, what is almost the same thing, the aborigines of Van Diemen's Land. The circumstance of the mixture being more apparent, hereabouts, in the interior, than upon the coast, does not militate against the correctness of this supposition, since we find that in all the neighbouring countries there exists a great tendency on the part of the Polynesians to occupy the upland or mountain districts in preference to the coasts. It is in such positions, indeed, that we find the superior breeds of this race ; witness the inland inhabitants of Borneo, Celebes, Timor, Sumatra, and Madagascar. I think it proper to state that in mak- ing this suggestion I have no theory to support. The subject is one, indeed, that I only enter upon from the circumstance of those countries having been rarely visited by individuals who had sufficient lei- sure to promote enquiries into the matter, and that, therefore, in the present state of our knowledge con- cerning the native tribes, the information I have been enabled to collect from time to time may prove ac- ceptable to parties desirous of solving the mystery that involves the early history of these eastern nations. " Our visitors from the interior spoke of a white people who dwelt in the country to the south, and who built houses of stone. The account excited a con- siderable degree of curiosity in the settlement, but I have no doubt they alluded to our colonists in South Australia, or New South Wales. Scraps of news pass so rapidly from one tribe to another, that an event of any importance is known over a large extent of country in the course of a very few months, although it is certainly difficult to detect the origin after it has passed through several tribes, and been subjected to the variations introduced by each individual narrator. In connection with this subject, I may mention a circumstance, which, although irrelevant to that I have entered upon, may prove interesting. The natives of New South Wales, and, I believe, of South Australia also, have long been in the habit of alluding to certain monster amphibia that are said to exist to the north. We found the same report prevalent on the Cobourg Peninsula, but here it was to the south, in Van Diemen's Gulf, that these creatures had their abode. They proved to be a species of 'dugong,' an animal, I believe, only recently known to naturalists. The flesh is esteemed a great delicacy by the natives, but they can only succeed in * This substance is also in general use for adorning the per- son, among the tribes of the northern and eastern coast of Australia. It in generally met with in lumps varying in weight from a few ounces to one or two pounds, which appear to have been broken off from larger masses. Its appearance is that of a compact metallic ore, of the colour and consistence of red lead. Colonel Jackson, an experienced metallurgist, who was Secretary of the Geographical Society at the time, was of opinion that the specimen submitted to him resembled cinnabar, and he has stated this opinion in a short editorial note in the origi- nal issue of this paper. It is said by the natives to abound in the range which terminates near Cape Wessel, the north-western horn of the Gulf of Carpentaria. Cinnabar is also stated by Lieutenant Colebrook to be in use as a colouring matter for the body, among the natives of the Andaman Group. \+ Dr. Leichhardt, who had an opportunity of inspecting the masses of rock from which the spear heads are obtained, dur- ing his journey across the Arnhem Peninsula, informed me that the rock was " baked sand stone." The slate spear heads are obtained from the same neighbourhood, which is one of the most interesting geological districts in the continent. Some farther paticulars respecting stone spear heads, which seem to have been very extensively used in ancient times, will be found in a note to the previous chapter. taking the young ones, the full-grown animals being too formidable for them to encounter in their frail vessels. I obtained two skulls, from which compara- tive anatomists may probably detect the class to which they belong. They are in the possession of Sir Everard Home, of Her Majesty's Ship ' North Star,' to whom I gave them, from the supposition that he would arrive in England before me. The head somewhat resembles that of the ' Morse' or Sea-horse, two tusks project downwards, from the upper jaw. " But to return to the aborigines. I have already alluded to the Jalakuru tribe as occupying the coast to the eastward of the Cobourg Peninsula. Although the territory they inhabit is remote from the settle- ment, individuals of the tribe were constantly residing with us, and some of these, from their activity, intel- ligence, and good temper, became great favourites. They were also generally selected as guides, when making excursions either by land or water, and always evinced great readiness in embarking on voyages to the Indian islands, whenever their company was desired. "The Jalakuru tribe, although it resides occasionally upon the coast, generally occupies the uplands near the termination of the hill range that has been already mentioned. This tract of country is called Merkilellal. It is open and fertile, and is traversed by a chain of small lakes, which abound with water-fowl. The wild yam is also found here in great plenty. Mr. John M'Arthur, the son of the commandant of Port Essing- ton, visited Merkilellal, about two years ago, and was received with great hospitality, indeed with a con- siderable degree of ceremony ; for on landing from the boat, he was escorted by an armed guard to the spot where the tribe was assembled to receive him. Our intimacy with these people will prove very favourable to the extension of our intercourse with the natives along the coast to the eastward, since they are well acquainted with the tribes in their neighbourhood and have always shown the greatest willingness to accom- pany the exploring parties. "The tribe or tribes which inhabit the Goulburn islands do not require any lengthened notice, as they were not found to differ materially from those of the Cobourg Peninsula. In personal appearance they rather resemble the Croker Island natives than the others, and are a fickle, and somewhat vindictive race. They occasionally prove very troublesome to the Macassar trepang fishers, and are much inclined to attack stran- gers, as was experienced by Captain King, when em- ployed in surveying the coast. " I was unable to obtain any details that could be depended upon with regard to the distribution of tribes upon the coast between the Goulburn Islands and the north-west horn of the Gulf of Carpentaria. The inhabitants hereabouts reside chiefly upon the uplands, but resort during certain seasons to the spots frequented by the Macassar trepang fishers. With the people inhabiting Arnhem Bay and the adjacent country we are however, better acquainted, from the circumstance of many individuals from those parts having visited the settlement from time to time in the Macassar prahus. The trepang fishers describe this as being the most numerous and powerful tribe upon the coasts visited by them, and, when hostile, as being very formidable opponents. For some years past, however, they have been on the most friendly terms, and a considerable barter trade was carried on, tortoise-shell being very abundant there. The country occupied by this tribe is a spur from the great hill range. All the specimens of the tribe that we have seen were remarkable for their bulky forms; their chests especially being very fine and expansive. The lower extremities however are not very well pro- portioned, the curved shin being very common. Their features are very coarse, the nose being par- ticularly flat and broad, but the general expression is pleasing. All the males above the age of twelve or fourteen years that I encountered, had undergone circumcision. I was extremely particular in my en- quiries with regard to the origin of this custom, and I can confidently state that it was not derived from the Macassars, the latter affirming that it existed pre- vious to the commencement of their intercourse with the coast. Indeed this singular custom is not confined to the tribes of the north-west horn of the Gulf of Carpentaria. Flinders observed a case upon the Wel- lesly Islands, and the custom is also prevalent among the natives of certain parts of the south coast of Australia. It will be difficult, perhaps impossible, to discover now the origin of this custom. I should observe that a peculiar formation prevails among the aborigines of this part of Australia, and also of the adjacent coast of New Guinea, which renders the practice exceedingly conducive to comfort and health. " The western side of the Gulf of Carpentaria, as far to the south as the Limmen Bight, appears to be well peopled ; but beyond this, as far as the head of the Gulf, the natives are few and scattered. Here, indeed, the means of subsistence are not very abun- dant. The mud-banks, which extend far out to sea, render it difficult to obtain a supply of fish ; and vegetable productions suited for food do not seem to be very plentiful, probably from the nature of the soil (a comparatively recent alluvial deposit) being unfa- vourable to the growth of the wild yams, or, possibly, it has not yet had time to extend itself over the face of the country. "I have observed that upon the northern coasts of Australia, the amount of the population upon a certain tract of country is great or small in proportion to the quantity of vegetable food it produces. However abundant animal food may be, a toilsome search for edible roots gives almost constant occupation to a por- tion of every tribe. Women and children labour for hours together, with no other implement than a pointed stick, in following up the creeping stem of the wild yam through the earth until the root is arrived at, often at a depth of six or eight feet below the sur- face. A certain proportion of vegetable food appears indeed to be absolutely necessary to their existence, and they willingly forego the use of animal food, if this more grateful diet can be obtained in sufficient abund- ance. Boiled rice, without condiment, they will accept as their sole food for days together, and scarcely seem to wish for change. 