SHOCKING TRAGEDY. About 9 o'clock nn Thursday morning, whilst Dr Cuthill was returning in his gig from a visit to Cook's River, where he had been attending a patient, a pistol bullet was lodged in his back by . a person who had evidently stationed himself on a part of the road for that purpose. On receiving the wound Dr. Cuthill imme diately descended from the gig and walked into Mr. Gannon's public house, opposite which the occurrence took place. In the meantime the man, whose names is James Gray, was secured aad given into custody of the police on a charge of attempting to com mit wilful murder. On the way to the watch -bouse the prisoner admitted that it was be who fired the shot, and that he did so for tho purpose of avenging himself on Dr. Cuthill, who for the last seven years hud done all in his power to injure him. It wotild appear from all the accounts we can learn, that Dr. Cuthill, about two years ago attended on the prisoner's wife in a case of accouche ment ; thot soon after the delivery, both the wife and the child died ; that the prisoner in consequence came to the conclusion that there had been some gross. maltreatment on the part of the Doctor, and frequently threatened to avenge himself. These facts, together with the prisoner's extraordinary manner and demeanour, have led most people who knew him to believe that he is labouring under some species of ngonomunia, which has been working on bis mind for the last eighteen months or two years. Imme diately after the Doctor was taken into the house it was found that his wound was of very serious nature, and medical aid was therefore procured without ,fjelay, / Every other attention was also paid to him. which the circumstances of the case would admit of. but as the unfortunate gentleman appeared to he. gradually growing worse, it was deemed advisable that his declaration or deposition should be taken at once. This was accordingly done about mid-day by Mr M'Lierie The statements in the deposition are simply confirmatory of the principal facts above related The doctor says that whilst he was returning from Cook's River (as described above) he heard the report of a pistol, and immediately after felt something like a ball enter his lift A lr nrtAn flimilliv tvwirwi ha aaiw 4lia nwlonnAit vtrliAm lia n Anha WUWtt | UjJUU VUUIIIIC.(VUIIU| AAV DUT1T Vllv iouilvt f VT ilUlU UO ttu VUVO concluded had fired the shot, as there was no other person near hand. Doctor West stated that he had examined the Doctor's person, and found a gun-shot wound quite close to the dorsal vertebrae. The ball had penetrated through the body and entered the lungs. This was all the evidence taken at the inquiry. It appears- that Dr Cuthill frequently expressed a desire to be brought to his own residence, but. as it was feared that the conveyance' might increase the irritability of the wound, his request was not complied with in the first instance In the course of the day, however, Mr. M Lerie from a desire to gratify the wish of tne unfortunate gentleman coused Inspector Burke and about ten or twelve of the police to proceed to Mr Gannon's for the purpose of . conveying the Doctor into town on a stretcher. The attempt, however, failed, for after conveying him a short distance, tne police were obliged to leave him at tne Rev. Dr. Steele's where he remuinecl up to a late hour yesterday evening m a most precarious condition Both Dr Foulis and Dr. West have expressed opinions which, we regret to say, leave very little hope of his recovery. Dr Cuthill is one of our oldest medical practitioners. He has followed his profession for upwards of twenty years in this colony, and during the whole of that time be has been generally esteemed. The last account which reached us yesterday, set forth that Dr. Cuthill is rather better. Dr. West;entertains hopes of his eventually recovering. The bullet had not been extracted. Horse Stealing. — Yesterday, or on Thursday, a cream colored pony, with a black mane, the property of G. R. Nichols, Esq., MO., was stolen from that gentleman's suburban residence at Botany. a reward offered to any person giving suoh information as may lead to the recovery of the animal. . Stealing Timber —The timber yard of Mr. Beaumont, in Castlereagh-street was burglaronsly entered about 12 o'clock last night An alarm was given, and the police were speedily on the spot, a ddigent search was made, but they did not succeed in detecting the parties, who must have made a Bpeedy retreat. Thk Licencing System, at Hartley— .a respectable corres pondent at Hartley, baa sent us a Jong letter intended for publication, but in the first place it arrived too late on Friday, as the recent important intelligence from Europe, and the great ex citement occasioned by tho pending election for Sydney, had already been prepared for press. Our correspondent who signs himself " Fair P<ay", complains that he was hoonssed at a certain tavern, previous to the last Licensing Meeting, and in consequence be was robbed of £39, and a pocket book, in addition to which he had been placed on bis horseback, while in a helplessly drunken condition by a by-stander, tho horse having the bit ont of his mouth, and might have killed him bad it not been a remarkably quiet animal. Oar correspondent under these circumstances objected at the licensing meeting to the iioense being granted, to the publican in whose house he had been hocussed or suddenly made drunk, having as be states, been quite sober before he drank the. glass which took so mighty.jan effect upon him, and he oam- plains that the bench without been reprimanding the landlord ; there and then granted hie lioense. He (Fair Play) would not take it npon himself to say that he had been robbed in the publio- : house, but he ohjeoted to the granting of the lioense on aooount of ' the landlord permitting him to quit the honse in so helpless a ' condition. (We think thaf the Bench at Hartley might injustice ' and courtesy, at least to have sifted the matter thoroughly before granting the license. If the landlord in question had been so charged before our Worshipful Bench in Sydney, he would have etood a bad chance of obtaining his lioense, bad the charge even heen unsubstantiated.' — Ed. P. A. Theatricals — Royal Victoria Thbatrb.— Mr. and Mrs. Stark have oontinned their attraotive performances during the week with continued or increased popularity. It is very likely that the -favourable reception whioh their skill in the histrionio art elicits, will determine these clever aotors to take up their permanent resi dence in Sydney. On Tuesday evening, Mr. StaTk performed the parts of Fabien and Jjouis de Franchi (twin brothers), in a pretty Yomantio drains, called Thb Corsican Brothers ; or, La Ven detta. On Thursday evening, Mr. and Mrs. Stark sustained the 1 prinoipal characters in the highly interesting play of Love's Sacrifice; or, thb Rival Merchants, the house being com- : pletely filled, and loud in their applause. Malcom's Australian Amphithbatrb has been rendered -peculiarly attraotive during the week, by the debut before the public of Mr. Henry, a performer of wonderful feats of strength, by the appearance of Mademoiselle Clause, a very clever pianiste, and by the performance of Mr. Forrest, in the character of Wil liam Tell. The attraotion of the equestrian performances continue as engaging as ever. Cbickbt. — -A match at single wicket between R. Vaughan of the Australian Olub, and H. M'Kone of the Marylebone|Club, for £3 a-side, came off on Monday at the Hyde Park ground. Vaughan cored 13 in bis first and 7 in his second innings ; M'Kone soored '2 in his first and 3 1b his second innings. Thus the Australian won by 15 notohes. A match for £10 a-side, between Vanghsn and HUliard, is to come off on Monday next. Frbsh Fish.— The pretended endeavours of the Fishing Com pany to supply the inhabitants of Sydney with fish at a moderate price, has turned out an abortion. But a firBt-rate fishing ground . baa recently been found out in the Bay of Coogee, distant 4& miles . from Sydney. Mr. Dodery and a party of amateur fishermen, after an expedition to Coogee, describe the waters of tbat bay as teeming . with anchovies and other small fry. Last week Mr. D Cooper and a party of friends went to the bay on a fishing excursion, and in . the spaoe of three hours, they booked sobnappers of suoh unusual aize and weight, that they were obliged to leave the greater portion of them npon the beaoh. Gig Accidrht. — On Tuesday afternoon, a gentleman and lady, whose names did not transpire, were thrown from their gig in the vioinity of the Sydney toll-bar, and, we understand, very seriously hurt. Mr. Lewis Samuel, „J.P.. happening to be re turning from Newtown at the time, and hearing of the accident kindly volunteered the aid of his oab to bring the sufferers on to Sydney. House Robbery.— On Saturday night the shop of Mr. J. C Boss, of Pitt-street, tobacconist, was feloniously entered, and robbed of a cash box containing four or five £1 notes, about £3 in silver, two cheques crossed " joint Stook Bank," and six certificates . of oigars. On Sunday morning the box was fonnd by a b-->y named Cane in the Outer Government Domain, but of course quite empty. A smart girl residing in the neighbourhood stateB that about 11 o'clock on Saturday night she saw three men open Mr. Ross's shop door and enter, returning. in a few minutes, when they wore joined by two others. Not however having any suspicion . of their oonduct, she made no, alarm. Attempted Suicide. — A man named Malone, residing at Burwood, distant about eight miles from Sydney, and suffering under an aberration of intellect, made an attempt on his own life, by cnttmg his throat with a razor. His wife or his daughter caught him in the act, forced the razor from him, and informed Constable Graham, who brought him in to the Infltmary, where be lies in a very preoarions state. Found Drowned.— The body of a female, oamed Dalton, was . on Wednesday morning found drowned in Cook's River, by Mr. ! Lee of the Punehbowlrroad. Accumulation op Business at thb Folicb Court.— In consequence of the time of the Magistrates of the city being entirely oooupied for the last few days attending the Publicans' . General Licensing Meeting, a vast amount of the ordinary business of the Police Court, which it was impossible- for Mr. Dowling to dispose of himself every day (in addition to the more important . business of the Court whioh demanded his immediate attention), being required at that meeting, has now aooumulated on the oharge aheets, and the result is, that a great deal of expense and trouble ' is entailed on the parties interested, and considerable difficulty will ultimately ensue to the proper adjudication of those oases, if « sufficient number of Magistrates do not attend regularly for a few days, as it will be necessary to have a second Court opened for, the disposal of the postponed oases, of whioh on the summons sheet lone there are between sixty and seventy. Impudent Robbbry.— During the performance at Malcom's Amphitheatre on Monday night, some person managed to steal from one of the dressing-rooms, a Geneva gold watoh with a heavy curb ohain and a brequet attached. The watch bears the maker's name " Enoch," but the number is not known. The artioles. which are the property of Mr. J. Melville, are valued at £'22. Wipe Beating. — On Wednesday an ill-favored individual named James Beverstock, who physiognomy denoted the triumph of the animal over the menial, was charged by Jane Beverstock bis wife, with having unlawfully and unnecessarily administered to her tender person, a species of castigation vulgarly denominated « mortal polthoging. greatly to the disparagement of her natural charms. The little woman informed Mr. Dowling that on the previous day her husband asked her for a £ 1 note, whioh be had left on a table, but she oould not give him any satisfactory in formation how or by what means the note had vanished. But vanished it . oertaiuly had, and her bigger and worser half (three quarters would be nearer the mark) imagining tbat she had been 4 standing treat' with the pound to some female acquaintances, prooeeded to give her a terrible pounding. He knooked her down and than kicked her for falling; and the barbarous ruffian had covered her features and person with ample evidence of his brutal Cruelty, as his poor victim stood in the witness box, Mrs. Beverstock said that the defendant was in the constant habit of beating her, and she felt that her life was not safe, but was in danger of being destroyed by the person most bound to protect it. jMr. Dowling senteneed the defendantto pay a fine of five pounds, end furthermore to give securities to keep the peace for six months, in default of whioh to be imprisoned until next Quarter Sessions. False Pretences.— Chaunoey T. Soudder, who has been for some time under examination, npon obarges of obtaining large sums of money by false pretences, was fully committed for trial at the Central Criminal Court, on a charge of fraudulently obtaining £t>00 from Mr. S. Butts. A oharge against the prisoner by Mjr. Tooth was withdrawn. Mr. Soudder was allowed bail himself iu £2QQt and two sureties in £100 each. Felony.— Thomas Lye, alias Bollock, was on Thursday charged with theft. Sergeant M'Gee deposed tbat he apprehended the prisoner at the shop of Mr. Row, King-street, obemist and drag- gist, by virtue of a warrant charging him with stealing ; fonnd npon bim four boxes of lip salve, and in the room occupied by prisoner he fonnd a quantity of property, medicals, confectionary, surgioal instruments, stationery, and several spoons, all of which were claimed by Mr. Row as his property, and in a bag the sum of £13 in silver ooin ; he searched also the house of a person named Bunbary, where, in boxes, whioh were pointed out as belonging to the prisoner, he found a nnmber of other articles whioh were iden tified by Mr. Row as his property. Mr. Bow deposed that prisoner had been for a time in bis shop as an assistant, at a salary of £1 per week, with board and residence ; he uifder stood, when engaging him, tbat he was in indigent circumstances ; he (Mr. Row) on Wednesday reoeived information which induced bim to apply to a Magistrate for the apprehending and search warrants which had been executed by Sergeant M'Gee ; the two spoons and one fork produced, he valued at 4s. each ; the bottle of musk, valued at 40s. ; the otto of roses, valued at 60s. ; and almost every other artiole produced, he could positively .identify, but believed everything produced was his. He had no doubt whatever that the money waB bis, filched at different times from the til), having frequently found much less cash than he thought there should be, but of course oould not swear to any of it ; the total value of the goods he thought would be about £70. Prisoner offered no defence. Committed for trial. Tale of a CoAt.— A fast young fellow named William Smith, about eighteen years of age, and who has been ' out on the loose' lately in Sydney, was oharged on Tuesday by Sergeant Vernon of the police, with stealing from a lodging bouse. Mr. W. Stephens informed his worship the Police Magistrate that he was ' boarded, lodged, and done for,' in one of the oottages with ' bord an .esidince' plaoards, so common in Castlereagh- street. Now it is an ascertained faot that the worthy matrons who usually preside over the bread and sorape' arrangements of lodging houses, take a praiseworthy pride and pleasure in recounting the names of tlie most respectable individuals who have graced their parlours with their presence. There's one ancient dame living in Sydney, who remembers and recounts to each new hoard and lodger, that three and forty years ago a ' sikerterry' lodged at her house, while more humble ladies in the hoard and lodging line are content to recount the number of clerks, (a highly favored description of single young men lodgers,) who from time to time have shared the comforts of their homes. Mr. W. Stephens had been the 'lion' of a board and lodging house in Castlereagh- street, until young Master Smith made his entree, and having a olerkly appear anoe, succeeded in putting his (Mr. Stephen's) nose out of joint in the good graces of the landlady. On the morning subsequent to Smith's installation into the best .bedroom, which contained an entire ehair, and half a water jug, Mr. Stephen aroae, shaved, brushed his trousers, and performed his oustomary obla tions, hut upon donning his sparrow tail coat, he was astonished at its unnsnal lightness, and upon due inspection found that its pockets had been rendered during the hours of slumber minus a purse, four sovereigns, and a variegated bandanna. He descended to the breakfast parlour, and informed the horrified landlady of his loss. All the other lodgers were at breakfast save the newcomer, William Smith, and it was supposed that that young gent, had gone to have a turn round Hyde Park before breakfast. But as Smith did not return to his lodging, suspicion's finger was pointed at him. Mr. Stephen's next tumbled across him at the Pboenix Wbarf, and gave bim in charge to Vernon. The money was non e»t inventus , and likewise the purse, but the identical bandanna, was found in Smith's pocketB, and identified- by Mr. Stephen who knew it by the hemming. Mr. Dowling committed Smith for trial at the Quarter Sessions. " Assault.— William Neale was on Wednesday oonvioted of having wantonly assaulted and beat a little boy named Beard, by twice taking him up by the arm and throwing him into a gntter ; when rescued, the ohild was speechless and apparently insensible. Sentenced to pay a penalty of £5 or to be imprisoned for two months. Henry Barker was on Wednesday oharged with stealing money. The proseontrix, Bridget Binney, residing in Pitt-street south, deposed that about ten o'olock on Sunday morning she was in the street near her own house (the prisoner being a next-door neigh bour), wheo she dropped from her bosom a £ 1 bank note in whioh was wrapped a sovereign ; she felt something fall at her feet, bat before she had time- to pick it up, or even to see what had fallen, the prisoner pioked it np and went quietly away ; she felt in her bosom, missed the money, and followed the prisoner to several places until she fell in with a constable, when she gave bim into custody. There were then but 7s. about him. He denied the charge. Committed for trial at the Quarter Sessions. Comical Charge of Conspiracy.— On Thursday last, at the Police Court, Mrs. AgneB Atkinson and Catherine Gorie appeared before the Court, on summons, to answer the information of Mr. William Barton, whioh charged defendants with having on the 7 th April instant unlawfully conspired together to cause and procure, and did cause and procure, one Mary Ann Green to dress herself in a frightful, unusual, and unnatural manner, and so habited to appear before divers persons, pretending to be a spectre or super natural being, to the alarm, terror, and annoyance of the said persons, and against the peace of our Lady the Queeo. Mr. Johnson condueted the prosecution, and M,r- Thurlow the defence. Mr. Barton and Mrs. Atkinson, it appeared are neighbours; Catherine Gorie is a servant in Mrs- Atkinson's establishment ; as also is Mary Ann Green ; during the past six months Mr, Barton has been annoyed by the pranks of Mrs. Atkinson's servants, who have indulged themselves in walking about visiting the servants in neighbouring establishments in fancy costume— that is to say, habited in a sheet or table- oloth ; in November last one of Mr. Barton's servants was so visited, and being unaware of the foolish joke, thought she saw a ghost before her, and fell into a fit ; the same thing had subsequently taken place, but, being then a known thing, no evil resulted ; on the 7th instant Mary Ann Green took it into her head to visit several of her gosBips in this style, and among other places went to M r. Barton's ; Mr. Barton was at home, saw the ghost, took her by the neck to the sink, and would have pumped upon her, but, as is frequently the case in the more elevated parts of the town, the water was off ; for this Miss Green summoned Mr. Barton for an assault, and in her deposition on that occasion there seemed something very like an implication of both her mistress (Mrs. Atkinson) and her ftllow-bervant (Catherine (iorie) in the affair. That case was dismissed, but on the deposition then made this information was founded. To-day, however, the evidence was given in a way whioh did not at all support the oharge that Mr. Atkinson was aware of her servant's act until Mr. Barton himself apprised her of it. Their worships dismissed the case without calling on Mr. Thurlow to answer it ; in doing so, however, their worships reprehended the practice as one fraught with danger, and expressed their opinion that Mrs. Atkiuson was not altogether free from blame in not exercising that control over her servants whioh would prevent their , indulgenoe in suoh a mischievous praotioe as that which had been under consideration, A Gaol Bird, or Out and! In.— -A hulking fellow named John MoCarty, was brought before the Polioe Magistrate and Mr. W eekea on Thursday, oharged with vagranoy, having been apprehended by the constabulary for roaming abont in George street at three o'olock on the previous morning. In reply to the magistrates, he said he had just come out of gaol, lived anywhere, andjnst as he could. Under these circumstances, he was oon vioted of being an idle and disorderly person, and received sentence of one month's imprisonment and hard labour, I nsanity.— On Thursday poor woman named Cubay, who was recently an inmate of the Benevolent Asylum, was brought before the Bench as of unsound mind, whioh was shewn by Dr. Norris' evidenoe to be the faot ; she was thereupon, for the sake of present medical treatment, and as a preliminary to her ultimate removal to the lunatio asylum, should it be found necessary, sent to gaol for one month in default Of sureties for her good bebavionr, A Fbmininb Candidate for thb Representation of Sydney. —A blooming midnight rover,' named Sarah Stewart, was brought before Mr. Dowling on Thursday, oharged by 1 1 B with creating a commotion in Pitt-street, at 1 1 p.m., on -Wednesday night. Mr. 1 1 B deposed that Miss Stewart had collected a orowd ( ' mob" was the trap's expression) at the corner of Pitt and King-streets, and having mounted a vacant wheelbarrow, she harangued her auditors, to use a parliamentary phrase, ' amidst immense applause,' " Yy shoudn't a faymale lady, as can spake like Walker's pro nouncing dickshunnary, have a seat in the Legislaytof Counoil ?" asked Sarah Stewart. " I means to say as how they onght to have half gentlemen and half ladies in the Lower Honse, and half lords and half la'dies in the Upper House. (Great oheers.) Down wid yer liberal conservatives and yer radicals, I'm for the hout-and- houters! (Tumultuous cheering.) Who'll vote for Sal Stewart, the hout-and-houter ?" At this juncture 1 1 B considered it his imperative duty to " disperse the mob," and he followed out his plan by wheeling the bloomer to the receptacle in Erskine- street for feminine out-and-outers, followed by a orowd of her admirers. Poor Sarah looked very crest-fallen when confronted with the speos of Mr. Dowling, who, sad to relate, sent her to represent the female out- and outers in Darlingburtt,' for one calendar month. Cruel Usage of A Sailor. — On Tuesday last, Captain Robert RobertB, of the ship Abbeylands, appeared before tho Water Police Magistrate, to answer the complaint of John Robinson, one of bis seamen, charging him with ill-usage, and claiming wages and dis charge in consequence. The case had been remanded from tho previous day to give the oaptain an opportunity of defending him self. Mr. Brenan appeared for the prosecution. Complainant de posed tbat he shipped at London for a voyage to Callao, Sydney, nd back to a port of discharge in the United Kingdom. He signed artioles on tho 7th of November last. For tho first eleven weeks the captain was always in a state of intoxication. Tho very first occasion that witness went on board the ship, the captain was drank all night about tho deck. Ho was in tho habit of carrying firearms about him, and frequently threatened to shoot members of the crew; After the first eleven weeks, the second mate, who is the captain's son, a young person abont 18 years of age, threw half of the liquor overboard and seoreted the remainder, in order to prevent his father from getting drank. On one occasion be threatened to shoot the son, who came up to the complainant on the poop, and told him to mind himself as his father had a brace of pistols. Also heard the defendant Bay when it was a man s turn to be relieved at the wheel, that he would shoot any man who ven tured to come up on the poop.- The chief mate protected the man at the wheel for two hours. On all these occasions, the defendant was in a state of intoxication. On one occasion the complainant reported land, which the captain insisted was the Coast of Afnos, although he was twice told by the chief mate that it was the Island of Teneriffe, which it afterwards turned out to be. If it had not been for the ohief mate, the vessel would have gone ashore, as the captain was so drank as to be incapable of navigating her. For these and other reasons complainant believed that his life would be iu danger if he prooeeded to sea under the mmc oaptain. The mate navigated the ship nearly the best part of the voyage ; shipped at the rate of £3 10s. per month. Mr. Benjamin Jenkins, late ohief mate of the Abbeylands, was then oalled, and corroborated the foregoing evidence. He stated that for the first eleven weeks the captain was so drank as to be incapable of navi" gating the vessel ; he eonld notf for days and days together, keep his reckoning. When Teneriffe was sighted the vessel was steering a south-east instead of a south- west course ; she had been upon this course for upwards of two hours ; witness told the captain twioe that the land sighted was Teneriffe, but he would not believe it, and asserted that it was the ooastof Africa. Witness therenpon went on deck and, of his own authority, caused the ship to be put about ; had he not done this the ship would have probably been lost ; believed the oaptain was in the habit of carrying fire arms ; frequently heard the captain threaten to shoot tho men. On one night, whilst the witness was lying in his bed, he heard a dispute between the oaptain and his son, the former threaten ing to ran the latter through with a bayonet ; shortly afterwards, witness heard the bayonet strike against the cabin door ; the son then ran np on deck, saying that ho had been stabbed by his father, and requesting the crew to secure him ; believed that the complainant had reasonable grounds for apprehending danger to his life if he proofeeded to sea in the vessel ; witness had himself obtained his .discharge from the vessel for similar reasons. This evidence was oon firmed by a person who had acted as steward on board the vessel, and also by one of the seamen, who added, tbat the oaptain had on one occasion attempted to shake one of tho sea men off the top-gallant yard, by causing the vessel to be luffed in a stiff breeze of wind. This was the case for the prosecution. As the captain made no defence beyond a mere denial of tho faots alleged, his Worship held tho ease to be proved, and ordered the defendant to pay the amount claimed, £13 8s., together with 6s. 8d. court costs, and £3 3s. professional oosts. Chargh of Shoplifting against a well drbssbd Female. — On Thursday last a young woman of respeotable exterior named Caroline Thomas was charged with shoplifting. Mr. Michael M'Mahon, of George-street, perfumer, deposed that on Wednesday the prisoner went to his shop, as she said, to change for another a bottle of scent she had purchased there ; while he was getting out the description of perfume she asked for, he kept an eye upon her, something having ooourred on a former occasion whioh ex- oited his suspicions ; he saw her take up a bottle and put it into ber bag ; having his hand upon a bottle of tho -scent she BBked for, he returned to her at the counter, asked her if she still required it ; she said she did ; he then oharged her with stealing the bottle he saw her put into her bag, and sent for a police officer ; Serjeant Harricks arrived, and he gave her into his cuBtody ; she said she did not intend to take it with her ; ho valued it at 3s. Prisoner, preferring the verdict of a jury h> tho summary jurisdiction of this Court, sho was oommitted for trial, but allowed bail. Chbiring New for the Teetotallers —Between three and four o'clook yesterday afternoon, a drayman was driving a laden dray in King-street, when a carta of bottled porter slipped off and was smashed, the XXX flowing in profusion on the street. 