' ';.. :- SAiNT. MICHAEL ARCHANGEL. ;;?- [Tlae following hymn, which was first published ? ? in this' journal, has since appeared in a Hobart Town .''. paper, that has just come under our notice ; and, as the subject of it deservedly excites, at the pre sent time, a very general, and, amongst some classes, an intense interest, we feel convinced that none of our readers, whether Hebrews or Christians, . will be displeased at seeing it re ?published in our columns.] Most mighty Prince of Heaven's Host Permit us now to sing; thy praise . Of Thee of whom the Angels boast . . Fund siibject of their choral lays, . To Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, . ;. .-., Our hearts and souls assist to raise That we may sing- perpetual praise ! The Faithful now look up to Thee, As Israel did in olden time, ' To Siive them from the enemy, ' Who 'strives to draw them into crime,. ; . To curb his great malignity, ?:.'... Pertai petb to thy rank sublime. . Too proud to serve or to obey, With (rod himself he wished to vie. With his own gifts in vain display, / He str/ive to equal the Most High, And Heaven's Host to lead astray, - \- Reminding them they could not die. This potent nrince of vicious pride, Opposed his God wkh the intent To pljice his throne at his light side. The 'Lord by Thee this .traitor sent '3?or jjaving thus his power defied Snto eternal banishment. Moae?, the great, the meek, the just, Of the Jews the Legislator Whose brazen bonds he- bravely burst Became their glorious Liberator, Jnijll «dod. works he wtis the first, Thi't they might serve their great Ceeator. L$t he in life so much revered, ?'Sljbuld. after, death become a snare T( those to whom he was endeared, Tje objects of his constant care, lir this he had himself long feared, itnd had averted by his prayer. 'J-he Lord's command conveyed to Thee, j)irec;ed that the Prophet's grave 'Ifhould, to prevent idolatry, ,ji$e a remote. and secret cave ; '.)r.some other iniquity, .'From which God willed Thee them to save. But Satan with a will perverse, \- , 'Wished to disclose this secret place, That thus he might in gui t immerse, .Those that were in a state of grace ; .As lie cannot. free will coerce, He tries to deceive the human r:ica. This vile attempt Thou didst resist, P.y saying to the fiendish foe, ? \ , Tlie Lord commands thee'to desist, \ Whose power you by experience it now, Lest thou shouldst stM try to persist, To distant darkness thou must go. ;Ftom e|ril itself God always draws Great good for those who him obey, 'With -jxxl itself the devis wM cause Great larm to th«se who trace his way ; That ve observe God's holy laws, To Bin, torus, Saint MichaeLpray. Throujh thy angelic ministry ? God hil people from bondage freed, Of seventy years Chptiviry, According to what had been decreed. 1'or then obtain prosperity, Of whidi they are now 'much in need. Seventy years, if multiplied By the lumbers five- anil'twenty, Will poiit to him they crucified, When a blessings they had plenty ; All thess were lost, as prophesied, in theyiar three-and-seventy. Nearly lue thousand eight hundred years . Since their last expatriation, . - Have heard their sighs, beheld their tears, With little hope of consolation, Excite their hopes, allay their fears, lie thou their guide to their salvation. Is not the time now very long, . Since types and figures passed away, Since they could join in Sion's song, : And in their temple weep and pray, By. making right what now is wrong,/ May God for them his love display. Where is theirPrince, Prophet, or King, Their High Priest, or Sacrifice? An envoy soon from Heaven will bring, To such queries proper replies ; An Angel now is on the wing. To take the veil from Judah's eyes. ' Saint Michael, chief of Heaven1 9 Host, '1'hy patronage to us extend, To Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, Jews and Christians recommend, Ol Angels thou canst do the most, S'or those who to Heaven their way do wend, Through Christ, our Lord, our God, and Friend. . . ?? Amen ! ' i ' . Joiix Joseph Therky. Significavit Deus qure opertet fieri ciiio, loquens per Angelum suum servo s'uo Joanni, qui'testf raowum perhibuit verbo Dei : et testimonium Jesu ' Christi, qusecumqne vidit.—Apoc. C. 1»— ' ' Hymn to Saint Michael Archangel.' 