T''HE NAVAL COMIAND:I TIIE EAST IsNDIES. -We have, reason- to believe that the -Lords, Commissioners of the Admiralty lately uani-se mously decided upon recallinig the.Vice-Admi ral the IIon. Sir Fleetwood- Pellow from the command in chief of her Majesty's ships on the East India station, anid that Rear Admtiral Sir James Stirling proceeds .immediately. to take upon himself' the vacant command; Standard.: A CtE?P TITLEs.-T?th Prince of Canin,.ti Charles lucien Bonaparte, has sold all his pos., sessions iin Rome and R'.ncigiiioe to the banker, Alessandro Torlonis, for 450,t,00 and I scudi. The Prince, who is well knuwn as a man of ex alted political opinions,, has -stipulated in the contract that the one scudo should indicate the value of his title as Prince de Canino, which he now sells, together with his estates. Cologne Gazette. ROYAL BAsir or AUSTIRALIA.-WVe observe by a very recent decision in the Court of Queen's Bench, that the" sharehiolders of- this insolvent joint stock company' are now held liable .for the- debentures issued some years ago by their directors; alarge amounit Of. which are held by the North British Insurance Corn pany, and the Edinburgh and. Glasgow Bank. It appears that the result of this important trial was telegraphed to this city early in the forenoon of We lnesday last, as a sudden de mand sprung up for the oshares of the latter company, and several hundreds changed hands at a considerable advance. We -understand that the judgmcnt'of the court is final, and the the shareholders of the Royal Bank of Aus tralia must now pay bothl principal and interes of these debentures. - - DnEanDvL SiPrwanciC.--We regret to an nounce the wreck of .the packet ship,- Stafford shire, with the liamentable loss of 180 lives. Tihe Stafobrdshire left Liverpool for Boston on the. 9th December, and on the -iirning of Friday the 30th,-at 1 -o'clock, - struck on' the' Blonde Rock, South Seal Islands, off Halifax. The first and second inates and seventeen sea men reached 'Cape Sable.- T'he third mate, botswain, and twelve others, were picked up and llnded at Shelbonane, -Nova Scotia. Captain Richardson and the remainder, - about one hundred and eighty persons, went down in the wreck'iminediately .after. striking. Her cargo was sery large, and is estimated to be worth over 300,0LU ddol.', A largo portion of it - was on Canadian' accot.nt, and was ,probably: insured in England.. The Staffordshire was built by. 1?:K y, in June,: 1851, for Enoch T'lain and Co.'s line of Liverpool and Boston packets. She wai it noble ship of 1817 tons, and one of theltinest vessels of the line.- The loss to the undervwriters will be heavy. SLANG SYNONYMS. — Synonimous with a man, are a cove, a chap, a cull, an article, a codger, a buffer. A gentleman is a swell, nob, a tiptopper; a low person is a snob, a sweep, and a scurf, and in Scotland, a gutter-blood. Thieves are prigs, craksmen, mouchers, gonophs, go-alongs. To steal is to prig, to pinch, to collar, to nail, to grap, to nab. To go or run away is to hook it, to bolt, to take tracks, to absquotulate, to step it, to mizzle, to cut, to cut your stick, to evaporate, to vamose, to be off, to vanish, and to tip your rags a gallop. For the verb to beat I can at once find fourteen synonyms; thus, to crash, to lick, to leather, to hide, to tan, to larrup, to wallop, to pommel, to whop, to towel, to maul, to quilt, to pay. A horse is a nag, a prad, a tit, a screw. A don- key is moke, a neddy. A policeman is a peeler, a bobby, a crusher; a soldier, a swaddy, a lob- ster, a red herring. To pavwn is to spout, to pop, to lumber, to blue. The hands are mauleys, and the fingers flippers. The feet are steppers; the boots crab-shells, or trotter-cases, or grab- bers. Food is grub, prog, and crug ; a hackney cab, is a shoful; a Punch's show, a schwassle box; a five pound note is a flimsey; a watch a ticker ; anything of good quality or character is stunning, ripling, out-and-out; a magistrate is a beak, and a footman flunkey. Not less can I set down as slang the verbiage by which coats are transformed into bis-uniques, alpaeas, vicunas, ponchos, anaxandrians, and siphonins. Young Lord Fitzirse speaks of himself and of his aristocratic companions as 'fellows' (very often prononnced 'fawows') ; if he is going to drive a four-horse coach down to Epsom Races, he is going to 'tool his drag down to Derby.' Lord Bobby Robbins' great coat, which he ad- mires, is 'down the road.' An officer in the Tenth Hussars is a man in the Tenth ;' a pretty young lady is a neat little filly;' a vehicle which is not a drag (or dwag) is a 'trap' or 'cask ;' his lordship's lodgings are his 'crib', his 'diggings,' or he 'hangs out' there. His father is his 'governor;' his bill-discouter a 'dreadful old screw,' if he refuses to do a 'bit of stiff' for him. When his friend has mortgaged his es- tate,' he pronounces it to be 'dipped.' Every- thing that pleases him is 'crushing, by Jove !' everythia n that displeases hsim (from bal soerry to a writ froin.his tatilor) is 'infernal. And the 'Stago his its slang, both behilnd and beforeo the 't.rtnint. Actors speak of suoh and such a farce being a ' scrnmer,' andl suchI and such a tragedy being 'damned' or ':;goosed.' If an actor forge!s his part while ion the stage, he is said to stick' n:L to ' orpso' the actors who may be perform ing with him;, by putting them out in their parts. A 'part' hnse so insny' lenthsl;' a pice g il 'run' so mlany nights. Belville is goin;g ine ' country to' star' it. - When no salaries are foilh conaing on Satirduy, the' ghost doesn't walk"' Sbenefit is i lohen,' a salary a' sal ;' an at or is sot engaged to play tragedy or comedy, csl to.' to the heavy:busiieiss,' or'seconid low ,uoedy and when Ihe is out of an engagement, ?'he said to be ' out'of collar.' ThuIs througnsh ol grades -andt professions of life rins this omsn' present, slng."-Household Words, y 