NEWCASTLE SHIPPING. SEPT. li.-Halcyon, brig, 174 tons, D. M'Djiiald, master, from Lauucestou 5th Sep- tember« in ballast. li.-River Chief, brig, 175 tonB, H. Cole master, from Sydney, in ballast. DEPARTURES. SEPT. 12.-Apprentice, schooner, 143 tons, M. S. Rundle master, for Melbourne. Cargo 209 tons coals. 13-Jessie, schooner, 114 tons J. Lloyd, Shaster, for Geelong, Cargo-160 tons coals, 4 tons potatoes. Newcastle, Sept. 14,1854., EXPORT OF WÍOL AND TALLOW. - The fol- lowing is'a statement of the quantities of wool and tallow shippen at Morpeth, by the Cnra iianj's steamers, from the 9th to the 15uh September, 1854: WOOL. TALLOW. Bales. Tons cwt, qrs. SeF. 9-Jaques's Tharf.. 20 0 0 0 12- Aiilnbj's îVhnrf. 8S 0 16 0 14-Jaques's Wharf.. 11 0 0 C 15-Anlaby's Wharf.. l8 0 0 0 Totals .,.137 0 10 0 CROSS CASES.-Yesterday these cases, com- menced before the bench on Tuesday last, were resumed, and disposed of. They were James Fogarty v. Daniel Henry, Catherine Horan, John Dick, Thomas Green, and Elizabeth Ewens, all for assault; Sarah Henry v. James Fogarty, for assault ; Catherine Horan v. same, for inde- cent language ; John Dick v. same, for assault ; Daniel Henry v. same, for illegally taking timber ; and James Fogarty v. Catherine Horan, for malicious injury. The two first of these were disposed of on Tuesday, and yesterday the bench went through four more, as tests of the whole. The evidence adduced by each side was in the main directly contradictory. Fogarty's statement was that as he was passing the house of Mrs. Henry, in Durham-street, a stone was thrown at him, which struck him on the back of the head ; turning round he saw young Dick running to his grandmother's (Mrs. Henry's) house, and he went thither to complain of this; Elizabeth Ewens, a young woman, threw the contents of a chamber utensil over him, on which he vas greatly enraged, and after some foul words passing Green came out and struck him, and Green and Fogarty had a regular fight; Green knocked him down, and out came the other four defendants and a little girl, and beat him while he lay on the ground. From their clutches he was rescued by Mr. William Collins and Thomas Castles - whose evidence, however, only partly corroborated his. On the other side it was deposed that Fogarty, who was drunk, took offence at two girls, who were wash- ing in Mrs. Henry's yard, laughing at him, chased one of them into the house, insulted Mrs. Henry in the house, turned round and threw young Dick, who had done nothing, on the fire, struck Mrs. Henry (who is eighty years old) two blows, and then fought with Green, but that no person but Green struck Fogarty. Three days afterwards Daniel Henry, Mrs. Henry's son, went over to Fogarty's house to complain of Fogarty taking away some of his timber, and then struck Fogarty two blows, which Fogarty did not return. The bench dismissed all the cases except this last and the assault by Fogarty on Mrs. Henry ; for these they fined Daniel Henry 40s., and Fogarty 50s. Mr. Briggs appeared for Fogarty, and Mr. Cham- bers for his opponents. RETAINING ILLEGAL POSSESSION OF CROW» LANDS.-Yesterday Thomas Graham appeared before the bench, charged with retaining illegal possession of crown lands at Morpeth, namely the site occupied by the fny house ihdie. Mr. Josîph Chambers, the clerk of the Maitland Road Tiust, who had íeeeived the necessary authority from the crown, under the Act '1 Victoria, No. 4, appeared to prosecute in this case, for the cro.'.n. Mr. Chambers produced the anthnri'v, which was addrtSaeu" to bun as clerk of the Trust, and stated the general cir- cumstances of the case to the bench ; but on his proceeding to state that the hou-e was on the wharf, or the land iu rear of the wharf, an argu- ment arose between him a .d Mr R msell, on» of the sitting masi'strates, as to whether or not the »half had been deJicated to the public, thus depriving the crown of the right ; and wnether the wharf was not still in the charge of the lench, and the ïiiteiference of the Road Trust was not unwarranted, as the bench had pre- viously had the matter before them, and r cehed instructions from the Government lelative to it. After some further argument, Major Crum ner and Mr. Russell heU that the wharf hud been dedicated to the public, as was within their knowledge from proclamations issued, and tha" they had no jurisdiction under the act referred to; although they entertained no doubt that Mr. Graham was wrongfully in possession, and could be ejected in another way. Mr. Lang, the only other magistrate on the bench, dissen- ted from this decision. EXTENSIVE SALES OF LAKD.-We are re- quested to direct attention to the sale by Mr. Dodds, at the Rose Inn, Singleton, on Wednes- day next, of a quantity of rich grazing, pas- ture, and agi ¡cultural land, in most eligible lots, the property of Messrs. Edward, Janies, and Arthur B.axland. The land is situated in various localities. At Monkey 1 lace there are l8 farms of choice pasture, well watered, VHrjr ing in size from 41 to 197 acres. One farm contains all the improvements necessary for a dairy. At Fordwioh, on the Wollombi Brook, are 41 farms of from 40 to 172 acres, consisting of rich alluvial land, all enclosed- The great North Road passes through them. At Blax- land Village, which is a continuation of the town of Merriwa, 95 building and gatden allot- ments, from one to two acres, will be offered, together with fourteen excellent grazing lots of 36 to 106 acres, situated at Gammon Plains. At Wappinguy, on Gammon Plains, five grjziug ftrms of the first quality, and ranging from 655 to 1170 acres, will be submitted; and at Coulson's Creek, on Gammon Plains, two farms of first--ate pasture land, one of 400, the other of 1179 ac -es. Tne various properties are situ- ated within two days ride of Maitland, nftbnlinir most favorable opportunities to forward produce and stock to the m \rkets of Newcastle, Sydney, and Melbourne - Communicated. ASSAULT.-Yesterday Thomas Kinnear ap- peared before the bench, charged by Mary Power with assaulting her on Tuesday evening, the 5th instant. Mr. O'Meagher appeared for the complainant and Mr Chambers for the de- fendant. Mrs Power, whose husband has not lived with her for some years, has been living with defendant ; she said he had frequently struck her when drunk, and on that evening threw a candlestick at her, which struck her on the side ; he often threatened to kill her, and she went to a neighbour's and stopped the night. Her daughter, Joanna Power, corroborated this evidence. In defence it was represented that the charge was only brought forward in revenge for Kinnear's leaving the house of Mrs. Power, and going to lodge elsewhere. À fellow lodger of Kinnear's, Frederick Doran, deposed that they had taken fresh lodgings, and that be heard no noise in the house that night, before or after going to bed ; he and Kinnear entered the house together; Mrs. Power complained next morning that Kinnear had assaulted and threatèned her, when witness expressed his surprise that he should have heard nothing of it. The bench convicted the defendant, and fined him 40s. and costs. INDECENT LANGUAGE.-Yesterday Margaret Murphy appeared before the bench, charged with using obscene language in Newcastle street, East Maitland, on Thursday. Constable Adam Stout deposed to the language. She was con- victed and fined 20s., or seven days imprison- ment.-Mary Cross appeared yesterday, charged with using obscene language in High street, on Tuesday evening. Mr. Biggs ap- peared for the defence. Constable Alexander McManus deposed to the language. The bench convicted her, and fined her 20s. and costs. DRUNKESNESS.-On Thursday Richard Lor ton was brought before the bench, and con- victed of drunkenness; he was cautioned and discharged. Yesterdny Daniel Callaghan and Mary Ann Carr were convicted of the same offence ; Callaghan was fined 20s. or 24 hours in the cells and Mrs. Carr was cautioned and discharged. MAITLAND GOLD PURCHASES.-During the last week Messrs. D. Cohen & Co. have pur- chased 35 ounces of gold, at 75s. per ounce. MAITLAND CONSTITUTION PETITION.-In the House of Commons, on the 4th July, Mr. Lowe presented a petition from 1800 inhabitants of Maitland, New South Wales, objecting to the measure passed by the Legislative Council for the establishment of a new constitution in the colony.-A. M. Herald's London Corres- pondent. GUARANTEED RAILWAY SHARES-We have to acknowle Ige receipt of a pamphlet from the pen of Mr. T. S. Mort, on " The question of the Government guaranteed railway shares, con- sidered with reference to their being made transferable to bearer, and thereby rendered available as a circulating medium " Mr. Mort is strongly in favor of the shares being made transferable, and supports his views with on siderable ability. MAITLAND SCHOOL OF ARTS -On Thursday evening, a crowded nudience listened with great delight to a lecture by the Rev. J. T. Waraker on the subject of man's instinctive belief in the supernatural. The existence of such an in- stinct was deduced from its universal develop- ment in systems of religious faith in every region of the world. Deity is acknowledged in the low symbols of fetieliism as well as in the personifications of polytheism aud the more ra- tional abstractions of monotheism. One essen- tial faith ina superior supernatural power pre- exists in all religions, before they ate moulded into types. Travellers have iudeed related that there are men who have mf religious ideas at all ; but it is reasonable to suppose their observations were superficial, since it requires a long familiarity with uncivilized and strange people to be minutely acqu-iiuted with their habits of thought. Besides, the New Hollauders, the least intellectual race known, have a belief in a certain supernatural malicious beirg, who though not an-object of worship is regarded with a superstitious, dread, the instinctive ac- knowledgement it was intended to prove. The lecturer proceeded to allude to the bellefin mit- ades, witchcraft, ghosts, omens, and dreams. Setting aside the question of the truth of the fact, there is no doubt of the reality of the feeling in these cases. The fears of the g»i»y conscience and the terrorâ of approaching death arise from' the instinct within. The poet finds in the native superstitions of the mind the secrets of his mightiest influence If an in- stinct be admitted, it is un philosophical to con- sider it deceptive, because an instinct mu it cor- respond to an actuality. The influence on human actions of a belief in the supernatural freed from vulgar conceptions is most beneficial. It, has been the incentive to the noblest acions; all the heroes and great men of the world have been famous for a quick apprehension of the spiritual. A vote of thanks to Mr. Waraker for his kindness and his excellent and most inter- esting lecture wa* proposed hy Mr Baker, aud heai lily responded to by the audience. RESULTS OF SALES.- Result of stock and land sales by Mr. A. Dodds, tinee last report, up to 14'h Sep'eraber:-135 head of fat bul- locks and cows, 600.bs., at £4 9s. each-£600 15s. ; 46 ditto, 650lbs., at £5 10s. each-£253 ; 1400 fat wethers (shorn) A. A. Co.'s, 56il>s. avtrage, 13s. £d. each-£929 18s. 8d. ; allot- ment of land adj uning the Cross Ke) s I in, West Maitland, with 45 feet 6 inches to High-atreet, maning back to Wallis Creek, at £7 10s. per foot-£341 5s. ; 49 »l'otments, of a quarter an acre each, at Hinton, pjrtion of Mr. U. Stubbs'« land, from £10 to £20 to £30 each-£803 5s.; grand total £2,928 3s. 8d. DEATH OF AN INFANT.-On Tuesday an in- quest was held at Morpeth by Mr Parker, on the body of John Simeon Peacock, an infant 22 months old, the child of an immigrant ex Tantivy, who had died rather suddenly on the passage up from Sydney. It appeared from the evidence that the child had been ill on the voyage out, of inflammation on the brain, and its father had been informed by Dr Moir, the sur- geon of the ship, that its illness would prove fatal, and probably suddenly so. The jury returned a verdict of died from natural causes. DEATH FROM INTEMPERANCE.-On Saturday a magisterial inquiry was held at Belmont, Black Creek, by Captain Smith, in the unavoid- able absence of M . Parker, on the body of Richard Boyle. It appeared from the evidence that deceased, who was a bulluck-driver and settler, residing at Jerry's Plains, was given to drink, and had for three weeks past been drink- ing hard in Singleton and Maitland. On his return up the country he was labouring under delirium tremens, and could take no refresh ment, and died rather suddenly early on Friday morning, the 8th. Dr Scott made a post mor- tem examination, and found death was caused by internal disease, accelerated by intemper- ance. MASTERS AND SERVANTS ACT.-Yesterday one case under this Act, Richard Chapman v. John Foss, came before the bench, Major Crum- mer, Mr. Lang, and Mr. Russell. The charge against Foss was one of absenting himself from service, without permission, being hired under the written agreement produced for twelve months. Mr. Chapman called tbe person whose signature as witness appeared to the document, Hewit Banfield, who deposed to the agreement being drawn up in Foss's presence, and duly marked by him, after it had been read. Mr. Chapman wished to have Foss back, but Foss refused. About £2 wages were due to Foss when he left. The bench convicted Foss, and sentenced him to pay £2 from his wages and costs, and to return and complete his agree- ment. PUBLIC POUND AT MORPETH.-Yesterday, in the course of the petty sessions business, the bench proclaimed the openirg of the Morpeth publ.c pound, in the yards recently erected for th.it purpose on Mr. Close's land. The bench also appointed Mr. Willum Smith keeper of the pound. VACCINATION.-The prevalence of disease during the present season has been the source of considerable alarm. This dread is increased by the reported arrival of vessels with decided cases of »mall pox on board. We would urge it as a duty upon parents to relieve themselves ftora anxiety and danger to their families by having their children vaccinated, fréquent facilities are now offered for getting the opera- tion performed in Maitland. However remote the danger may appear, it would be wrong to invite its f pproàcb by neglect of so simpie a safeguard. ILLEGALLY KEEPING PIGS. -Yesterday, Hewit Banfield appeared before the bench, charged with keeping pigs within forty yards of Swan street, Morpeth. Serjeant Roger Kennedy de- posed that he went to inspect the premises on Wednesday, the 6th instant, the neighbours hav- ing complained of the nuisance, and found three pigs there almost close to the street. The de- fendant was convicted, and fined 20s. and costs. -Richard Ingall, who did not appear, was fined in a similar amount for the same offence. THREATS.-On Thursday JoBeph Leedham ap- peared before the bench, charged by Daniel Thompson with threatening his life. It ap- peared that tbey were neighbours, residing at Hinton, and having bad a quarrel, Thomp-on said thnt Leedham one evening got very violent in hi8 language, threatening to blow a hole in bis ( Thompson's) body before morning, to lay wait for him till daylight, ¿te, and following up these threats by getting out bis gun, with which he kept firing away during the evening, not, however, at Thompson ; Thompson was still in fear of his life. The benah ordered Leedham to enter into sureties to keep the pease for twelve months, himself in £50, and one surety in £50. 