TESTIMONIAL TO THE REV. K.D. SMYTHE. On Thursday last, from 40 to 50 of the congregation of St. Stephen's (Presbyterian) church, amongst whom we observed members of other Christian denominations, assembled in the kirk, William Street to witness the ceremony of presenting a testimonial which had been raised by subscription, principally amongst the congregation, but no inconsiderable portion thereof amongst the general public. On the motion of A. Murray Esq. seconded by Dr. M'Hattie ; Geo. Rankin Esq. took the chair, and after a few remarks explanatory of the object of the meeting called upon Mr. Murray to read the address. Mr. Murray said he has been deputed to read an address to the Rev. K. D Smythe which had been prepared by a committee and approved by a public meeting. The subject was one of great importance and interest, inasmuch as it referred to the attachment which was felt by the members of St. Stephen's Church towards their pastor, and to the esteem in which he was held by the members of other Christian Churches in the district of Bathurst ; and from the number of names attached to the subscription list, as well as diversities of religions faith, he was happy to say that the feeling of good will appeared to be universal. The speaker then gave a concise history of the rise and progress of the testimonial, showing that it had originated from the fact that the Rev. gentleman had received a call from the first Presbyterian congregation in the colony to become their pastor, but that at the solicitation of the members of his Church at Bathurst, he had refused to accept that call, thereby making a great pecunistry sacrifice and resigning the high honors and emoluments which would have been likely to attend the appointment. In consequence of such noble and disinterested conduct, some of his people had thought it was due to him that he should receive some substantial mark of their esteem and gratitude, and some compensation for the sacrifice he had made. A subscription list had therefore been opened, and he (the Speaker) was happy to say that the result had far exceeded the most sanguine expectations of the originators of the movement. He then read the following address — Address of the members of St. Stephen's Church, and other Christian friends in the district of Bathurst, presented to the Rev. K. D. Smythe, Minister of St Stephen's Scots Church, Bathurst on the thirtieth day of March, One Thousand Eight Hundred and Fifty Four. REVEREND AND DEAR SIR,— Your congregation and other christian friends have deputed us to convey to you their respect and esteem and to present you with this service of plate and also this purse containing four hundred guineas as a token of the esteem in which you have been held both as a faithful Minister, and exemplary Christian during your long residence (upwards of 19 years) amongst us, and also as a mark of their gratitude to you for remaining amongst them at such a pecuniary sacrifice to yourself and family. You having declined at their request a call from the congregation of St. Andrew's Church, Sydney. We earnestly pray that you may be long spared to break the bread of life among us and that this voluntary token of esteem may make your efforts still more zealous, and through the blessing of the Head of the Church still more successful in advancing his cause, so that when it may please the Lord to remove you from labouring in his vineyard here below, and your earthly career shall have terminated, may it be to enter into that rest which remaineth for the people of God, and our sincere prayer is that you may have many souls as seals of your office, and a crown of joy and rejoicing throughout eternity. We would also on this occasion convey to you our sincere wishes for Mrs. Smythe and your young and interesting family. May God long preserve her to be a help meet for you, and your children to be a comfort to you through life, and after your death (which we hope may be far distant) a seed to serve the living God. GEORGE RANKEN, Chairman. A. MURRAY, R. MACHATTIE } Deputation of Members ROBT. RAE } Deputation of Members WM. STEWART } Deputation of Members Upon concluding the address the speaker intimated that the receipt of so substantial a token of esteem by the Reverend gentleman was not intended in any way to influence his independence, but that he was to consider himself at liberty to deal just as faithfully and impartially towards his people as it no such present had ever been made. Dr. Machattie then rose to present the testimonial which consisted of a silver tea service and salver, of chaste design and excellent material the latter containing 400 sovereigns. Each pace of plate bore the following inscription which was beautifully engraved by one of the first artists in the colony :— Presented to the Rev K. D. Smythe by the members of St. Stephen's Scots Church, Bathurst, and other christian friends, together with a purse containing Four hundred guineas as a token of the respect and esteem in which he has been held during a residence of upwards of nineteen years in the district." In presenting it the speaker spoke in warm strains of the kind feeling entertained to the Reverend Mr. Smythe by the public generally, and remarked that the testimonial was in reality what it purported to be — the free gift of a liberal public. Mr. Smythe then read the following reply, after which he delivered an excellent address full of deep feeling and generous sympathy, but for want of space we are compelled to postpone its publication. DEAR BRETHREN AND FRIENDS,—It is with no ordinary degree of pleasure and satisfaction that I receive these munificent and costly tokens of your respect and esteem. The present instance of your kindness and liberality, added to many others spread over the long period of upwards of nineteen years, and very far surpassing my expectations or deserts, has placed me in a position in which I am at a loss to express myself. Had you bestowed on me some ordinary mark of your approbation, which you could have been conferred on me at any thing like reasonable expense, I might have found ways and means to have expressed my gratitude in something like suitable terms. But looking at these splendid and costly articles, accompanied by so munificent a sum, I am utterly at a loss for language to express at once my feelings of admiration, gratitude, and astonishment. It is true I declined a call, numerously and respectably signed, from the first congregation in our communion in the colony, where the highest honours and emoluments our church has to bestow, awaited me. But in this I may probably have been influenced by some degree of selfishness, for, at my time of life, it is not always an easy matter to sever old associations, or to form new ones. Other influences, also, may have contributed to determine me to decline the very flattering call referred to. But how ever these things may be, looking at this costly and munificent donation, and viewing it as an index of the sentiments and sympathies of my parishioners and friends, advantageous as my position in Sydney would have been, I cannot see any reason to regret that I am still minister of St. Stephen's. At all events, I accept the gift with heartfelt gratitude, and thankfulness ; and, should I ever require to be stimulated to fresh exertions in promoting the glory of God, and your spiritual and eternal welfare, or to consecrate all the energies, mental and physical, with which I am gifted, to the service of my great Master, this splendid and spontaneous token of your respect and affection will exercise over me no inconsiderable influence. I thank you sincerely for your kind wishes on behalf of Mrs. Smythe and my family, and join in your prayer that they may be a comfort to me through life, and a seed to serve the living God, when it shall please Him to remove me from this lower scene. Again I thank you for the very gratifying and valuable testimony of the regard and affection with which you have honoured me, and for the very kind and agreeable manner in which it has been presented by my respected friend, and to beg that you will offer my sincerest gratitude to such of the subscribers as may not be present on this occasion ; and I trust Almighty God, from whom cometh down every good and perfect gift, will be ever present with them and with us, to protect and guide us while here in this world of sin and sorrow, so that in due time we may be found qualified for translation to that higher and holier and more enviable country above, where sin and sorrow cannot enter, but where all is purity and peace and joy for ever and ever. I beg to remain, dear brethren and friends, Your much-attached pastor and friend, K. D. SMYTHE. Manre, 30th March, 1854. The interesting ceremony concluded by a vote of thanks to the Chairman which was briefly and suitably responded to. SCENE SHIFTING EXTRAORDINARY. — Amongst the notabilities whose arrival and departure it has fallen to our lot of late to record we have now to notice the exit of Mr. H. Johnson, the the sub-heavy- business-man of the Royal Victoria, Bathurst, who vanished from the sight of an anxious auditory a few mornings ago by some inexplicable piece of stage trickery in an assumed garb, to the disgust of one printer, two lodging house-keepers and sundry publicans of this town. His short and eventful career since he became an attached to the corps dramatique of the Royal Vic. has indelibly established the truth of that piece of philosophy that man plays many parts, and that even amongst ghosts and old men there are well defined shades of decency and honesty. This promising young gentleman has, we believe entered into arrangements with Mr. Malcolm of Sydney circus notoriety where he purposes exercising his versatile talent in the dramatic line by delineating the moral and poetical beauties of that noble Shakespearian character, Jeremy Diddler, which he intends acting quite naturally, and to the life, proposing, should it so please a metropolitan audience, to illustrate his precepts by examples. The next performance will be a course of readings from that popular story entitled forty years of a gambler's life, by which he threatens to bring tears into the eyes of desponding creditors, whether of the printing, lodging house-keeping or any other class. After a season spent in Sydney in zealous efforts to elevate the morality of the stage, it is reported that he contemplates returning to Bathurst where he will make his first appearance in 'A new way to pay old debts' before an auditory in which one printer, two lodging house-keepers and sundry publicans are to take their places, and will afterwards take a leading part in the sentimental farce Hookey Walker. Overtures have been made to the leader of the orchestra, to play the rogue's march solo on the triangles, but he declines on the ground that the late ghost-killer, and old man-murderer at the Royal Victoria can better perform it on the big drum. But there we leave our hero to settle the disputed point as he best can. THE WEATHER — More seasonable weather for ploughing could not be desired than the present, the pouring rains of the past week having so loosened the ground as to render the working of plough practicable in all situations. Several of the farmers upon the plains have already commenced operations. DAVIES CREEK DIGGINGS. — Many of our townspeople were a little annoyed at our slowness in noticing the extraordinarily rich and prolific diggings at Davies' Creek which created a furor in Bathurst some six weeks ago, but as in all such cases we preferred waiting awhile to see the result. We have done so, in the meantime contenting ourselves with narrating such facts as we could depend upon, one of which was that during the short lived rush which took place very little work and a rather considerable quantity of sly-grog-selling were done. The few who chose to ply the pick and spade discovered in due time that except in spots the around did not prove remunerative and even in the best places, but moderately so. One individual in whom we could place confidence informed us that after prospecting the creek and adjacent country as prospecting ought to be done, by digging into the bowels of the earth, he discovered that the back gullies or feeders of the creek were the richest in gold. One spot yielded, he said, at the rate of £1 per day, but as he could do better at Tambaroora he deserted the place and returned to the Golden Gully. Our policy, after all, of dealing cautiously with new digging discoveries which in the majority of cases turn out to be nothing but smoke, proves to be the safest and best for all parties, and we shall therefore pursue the even tenor of our way. THE 28 LB. NUGGET.— Our attention was drawn about three weeks ago by Mr. Pyke to a discovery of a large quantity of gold, something less than a hundred weight of which he had been apprized by some Ophir Correspondent, and amongst which was a nugget weighing 28 lbs. In confirmation of what he evidently believed to be a fact Mr. Pyke showed us a couple of nuggets weighing nearly a pound each and assured us that he was in treaty to purchase the whole mass. Without doubting the circumstance we preferred crediting the evidence of our senses to taking the statement of some unknown correspondent, but never had the opportunity of employing them, and except from the revelations of our Sydney contemporaries through whose columns the Bathurst public was first made acquainted with the discovery, we should still remain in ignorance of many of the particulars. Such a nugget may have been dug up, but if so it was very quietly snuggled through the town. For the present like many of our neighbours we are hard of faith. THEATRICAL INTELLIGENCE EXTRAORDINARY. — On Tuesday last, in consequence of a popular rumour that a new farce was about to be enacted, or rather perpetrated on the truly legitimate boards of the Bathurst Court House, we wended our way thither at an early hour in order to secure admission. When the case was called, we observed a gentleman suddenly emerge from his seat at the table, where he had been for some time assiduously engaged in committing to paper a number of sentences, evidently of a nature particularly agreeable to himself ; as might be perceived from the peculiar grin which, ever and anon, played upon his cadaverous aspect. Upon this individual rising, he cast a knowing wink at some person or persons unknown, and as another wink crept over his features, he brushed up his hair, snapped his fingers, and with a dignity peculiarly his own, proceeded to harangue the Bench. To describe his eloquent diction is a task, we are willing to admit entirely beyond our powers. This gentleman's motion appeared to us to be not so much to plead his ease, as to astonish the bench with a display of elocution ; In fact his oration became so rapid and vehement, when approaching a climax that his worship the Police Magistrate, sharing in the increasing alarm of all in court, and evidently ill order to prevent the impassioned speaker from doing himself any violent injury, intimated that he had better blow off the steam at once, otherwise he entertained fears that he (the Magistrate) should not have the opportunity of inserting a 'word edge way.' Upon this a sombre dismay pervaded the afore said cadaverous aspect and evidently perceiving that his flowery rhetoric had been wasted on 'the desert hair,' he dropped into his seat, in unmistakeable disconfiture. For a few moments something like order was obtained, and the bench was permitted to speak ; — being occasionally interrupted by the man's loquacity who particularly wished to impress upon the bench that he had 'cases in point' to every argument, but either owing to the dullness of comprehension of the bench or the bluntness of the above-quoted points, they failed to penetrate, and consequently produced no impression. During a subsequent calm, the following matter was elicited. It appeared that in the month of December, 1853, a lady 'yclept Mrs. Carnegie, was engaged by a Mr. Belfield, to perform at the Royal Victoria Theatre, Bathurst as leading actress. At this little Temple of the Muses the lady did appear, under the elegant sobriquet of Mrs. St. Clair, and continued to perform for some weeks. It occurred during her engagement that the lady was cast for, and afterwards played, a part for which she had no particular relish, and that subsequently, on one occasion when her "blood was up," she refused to enact the said part any longer, and was consequently cashiered by the said Mr. Belfield. Notwithstanding this she considered she had full Right to a Benefit at the close of the season, after being absent from the establishment for some weeks. This was the matter in dispute. A piece of paper much "stained and frayed," was handed to the bench by Mrs. St. Clair's husband, Mr. Carnegie purporting to be the agreement between the said parties, and in which it appeared the lady was engaged as lending actress, it afterwards transpired in evidence, that the part assigned her was a leading part, and that she refused this part, after playing it previously ; but in the face of all these facts, Mr. Carnegie conceived she had a claim to benefit. The Police Magistrate was about to close the case in favour of the defendants, when plaintiff bobbed from his seat, and in another tremendous burst of eloquence endeavoured to persuade the defendant s' solicitor and the bench that they could know nothing whatever of the matter, and that he was the party best qualified to decide. At the termination of this second tornado, the parties addressed not exactly agreeing with the plaintiff as to the extent of their information on the subject, the bench gave a verdict for the defendants. The plaintiff then expressed a desire that the lady might be examined in court by himself. To this the bench objected, deciding that, such an examination could only take place out of court. The orator clapped his head in his hands, and stumbled into his seat. The second case was equally absurd. During the hearing of this case a lady was observed in the body of the court, vehemently ejaculating against the decision of the bench in the presiding case, and it was not until an intimation was given her that such an act of contempt of court was punishable in Bathurst, that her flow of feeling could be restrained. Another prolonged harangue was in course of delivery by Mr. Carnegie when the bench put a termination to the energetic address by intimating that, taking into consideration the gentleman's lamentable failure in the preceding 'comedy of errors,' which had engrossed the attention of the court half the morning, he had no desire to prolong the performance of the farce and so gave a verdict for the defendants. We have since heard it whispered that an admonition was afterwards administered to the plaintiff that should he again perform at the above court he had better appear in 'Much ado about Nothing)' sustaining the principal part himself. THE REV. CHARLES CUTCLIFFE alias RUPESCIRSARIUS -- As anxious enquiries respecting the whereabouts and whatabouts of the above named gentleman which we cannot answer, are frequently made at this office, should this notice meet his eye, perhaps he will inform his friends as to where he is and what he is doing, and thus save us a large amount of talk upon a disagreeable subject. INTERESTING— Our readers may not perhaps be aware that one of the residents of Sofala, a Mr. James Lytton, who does the correspondence and manages the agency business of the 'Empire' and ' People's Advocate papers, is a nephew of the celebrated modern novelist, Sir Edward Lytton Bulwer, and is occasionally styled the honorable James Lytton. With such a prestige, of course, Mr. Lytton is a man of considerable mark at the Turon. THE BATHURST SUSPENSION BRIDGE COMPANY — A few days after the formation of the company styled as above, Mr. Weaver, tone of the attaches of the Colonial Architects office, arrived in Bathurst with instructions from the Government to make a survey of the river banks adjacent to the town, and fix upon the most eligible spot for a site. Having fulfilled his mission, he at once placed himself in communication with the committee of the Suspension Bridge Company, and a special meeting was convened to ascertain his views. Mr. Weaver stated that he had read the report of the public meeting at which the practicability of erecting a suspension bridge was first discussed, and wished to correct some erroneous impressions which appeared to prevail. In the first place the estimated cost as stated at the meeting was much too low, and the difficulties of erecting a wooden structure were greatly magnified. Fr^^| personal examination of the surrounding ?? he was prepared to assert that tbe^^| timber could be procured within 20 it^^| town, and he was of opinion that ^H would not exceed £7,000. He then^H that he purposed constructing a bridge^H same principle as that at W';ills' Creek ^H he had the management, and remarked^^| was the first of the kind erected in j^H After a careful examination of the river^^B the neighbourhood of the town, he had ^^M the late crossing place near the pour^^| most eligible, as not only was the !^^| river narrower there but the banks ^H greater facilities for constructing the ^H and the land on both side was governed ^H The spot moreover was convenient to ^H line of road. After a short discussion ^H moved, seconded and carried that as Mr^H views and explanations were satisfac snt^H Bathurst Suspension Bridge Company^^H present suspend operations. So soon tl^H the necessary preliminary arrangement ^H been made sawyers will be employed to^H her. We may at length conclude' there t^H there is a prospect of interrupted comni^H between Bathurst and the adjacent cou^H beyond the river. 