" SOLYUNTUR TABULA RISU." "Mu.. WENTWORTH'S measure has met in England with the reception which Ave predicted for it-" the Bill is thrown out amid shouts of laughter.'" The entire of Great Britain, from John O'G-rott's House to the Lands' Encl, is .011 tlie broad grin. The uncouth officiousness of Vulcan in acting as butler excited not more " inextinguishable laughter" amongst the Homeric ' gods, than that witli . which the crude and childish attempts at constitution making of Messrs. Wentworth and Co. are .convulsing the English people. These gentlemen, if the colonists of New South Wales are not much indebted to them, have laid Punch under a great obligation: they have supplied him gratuitously with an inexhaustible source of merri- ment.' Indeed, the entire British nation is bounden to them : there is not a single class which they have not en- tertained. The nobility and gentry, when they hear of the "high life below stairs" of the Antipodes, simply laugh at an aping of themselves which is top low and ' ludicrous to reach to their scorn ; the wealthy middle classes, who know their position and are perfectly satisfied with it, are beyond measure amazed and amused by the- silly presumption and preposterous ambition of a< handful'of plutocrats in a. colony ; the acute mechanic smiles at the would-be statesmen whom he is fully qualified to'instruct in .the;first;rudiments of legislation; while.even the coal whipper and the, costermonger flout and j-eer'^ at the " haireystocracy" of Botany Bay. Yes ; greyheaded men, . well stricken in years-men whose brows are wrinkled wjth scheming, and whose'mouths are marked and indented' with the musings and plottings of a habitual cunning have given long days to study and meditation,-have wasted the midnight lamp and the sight of their eyes, have been vehement and passionate in debate (after their .»vulgär way), .as if they were contending for some great reality-which, when achieved, would immortalise their, names-and allfor what? For what ? why, that they might become the laughing-stocks of their fellow- subjects, -that they might accumulate, for themselves scorn and contempt*- that ridicule m ig] it cloche them as a garment, and derision attend them as an inseparable companion. It was hardly worth while to. take so much trouble for such a result. It is true that the " hereditary clauses" have been, most reluctantly and with the worst possible grace, surrendered. Their'ridiculous nature was too gross and palpable not to be felt even "by the obtuse perceptions of the Legislative Council. .But tlie fool does not get rid of his folly by re- pudiating his cap and bells ; and the essential absurdity of the Constitution Bill remains untouched\by the rejection of its external insignia and the amputation of its excrescent tomfooleries. The principle of nomineeism flourishes in full vigour ; and .the wild and desperate assertion is still made that their is-not the most shadowy, not the most remote-but the most close and substantial analogy be- tween an Upper House of nominees and. the British House of Lords. We consider, therefore, that the grotesqueness ¡ of the measure has been in a very slight degree softened and reduced, while, of course, its originator occupies the same ludicrous position as previously. In the case of guilt, repentance may be accepted as an atonement - but, in the case of egregious folly, no after-thought can retrieve, the character of the intellect. The man .who could-we do not say havè soberly conceived and'seriously worked out-but who could have admitted into the fantasies of a delirious dream the idea of a Botany Éáy Peerage, must be capable of any lunacy under the moon. Mr. Went- j worth, then, when withdrawn from the circle; of his pigmy parasites, and launched alone into the great world of England, will find himself in no agreeable and flattering | position., We do not mean to say that he will attract no notice-that he will be suffered to enjoy that happy obscurity which, in the metropolis of the world, covers and protects other provincial "great men." Certainly not. We are convinced, on the contrary, that Mr. Wentworth will be " the observed of all observers"-that there will be quite a rush to see him-that, if he values his personal safety, he will hire a body guard to keep off the crowd, which will throng to look at the Botany Bay peer as it would flock after a cherry with the stone outside, oran ornithorhyncus, or any other unique and anomalous pro^ duction of the great Australian land. ' ? We consider, then, that the people of New South I Wales are almost at liberty to indulge their apathy, and to take no thought about this matter. The Bill, entombed in ridicule, is safely disposed of; and its ghost, though it may be raised ever and anon by the English press for'th« amusement of their readers, . will never cross the sea to trouble this country by its apparition. . Truly, Messrs. Thomson and Wentworth should feel obliged to thé Legis- lative Council: a pleasant mission it. has.given them! These two grave and reverend, if not very potent, signiors are despatched to support: by subtle special' pleading and serious argument a cause which only excites, the most ludicrous ideas in the minds of those who are to be con- vinced. The* more warmly the advocates declaim, the more loudly their auditory will laugh ; and- the increasing earnestness of the former will only stimulate the unbridled mirth of the latter. How Mr. Wentworth will sigh for the admiring and servile senate which, in an unwise hour, he left behind him ! how he will long once inore to see those mouths always stupidly agape while he speaks, but never opened in laughter'! To be sure, it will still be in his power to soothe his outraged feelings by denouncing thc entire English people, with the JJulc > of Newcastle at their head, as "dirty ruffians"-a mode of consolation to which, being benevolently concerned that our English brethren should attain the climax of their merriment, we strenuously recommend and urge, him. If, however, amid the knot of his partisans and flatterers Mr. Wentworth have one sincere and sensible friend, he will be advised to renounce the Council's ridiculous legation, and to keep himself quietly at Vaucluse, even at the sacrifice of his passage- money. The people, as we have said, may make themselves tolerably easy : they are under no imperative necessity to do what they seem to have a rooted aversion to-to act for themselves. It can hardly be requisite to petition generally against a measure whose absurdity is universally acknowledged, or to take the trouble of proving j to Ministers what their own intuitive perceptions of the grotesque and the monstrous have already with sufficient ¡ dearness been conveyed to them. ¡ 