GOOD FRIDAY IN ST. PETERS. The following extracts are taken from a work entitled ' The Land of the Forum and the Va tican,' by Newman Hall, B. A., a Dissenting Minister : — : 1 he candles on the altar were yellow, in to ken of grief; but ttone were burning,, to repre sent the supernatural darkness. No incense ascended during the service, nor was any bene diction uttered. The Pope, preceded by a across, entered, clothed in mourning robes, he also having laid aside his ring. After kneeling a few seconds in silence before the altar, he took his seat on the throne, and the service be gan with the chanting of some prayers. Then followed what I shall never forget, the intoning by three priests of the narrative of the Passion of St. John, the only apostle who followed his Lord to the cross, and was an eye-witness of his sufferings. It was read or sung dramatically — though without action or any repulsivo aiming at effect. The peculiarity consisted in each priest assuming a distinct part. Thps, one of them recited only the words of the historian ; the second, those uttered by our Lord ; while the third came in at the different points of the story, with the language of Pilate, nnd other subordinate actors. The most startling effect was produced by the choir personating the rab ble, and in wild angry tones shouting, ' Not this man, but Barabbasl' and ' Crucify him, crucify him I' I must confess that this part of the service, in which no words but those of iu. spiration were employed, and these so touch- itigly descriptive of the most momentous event in the worltfls history, affected me very deeply. But when at the words ' inclinato enpite tradidit spiritum'-— ' he bowed the head and gave up the ghost' — the Pope and the Cardinals rose from their scats and knelt, and all the congregutim knelt, and the voices of the priests were still, and an intense silence prevailed for several minutes, I could not remain on my feet, as I had so often done amidst a kneeling crowd. I bent with all around me, for there was no out ward object held up — it was at the majesty of the truth which had been read — it was to the suffering .Saviour, of whose agonies we had just heard. I could not restrain iny tears: nnd earnest were then my prayers, that the crucified One might reign more fully in my own heart aud in that of all my friends, and that in His mercy ho would remove that veil of superstition which so concealed the full brightness of His Gospel from those who, amid so many corrup tions, still held this great central truth of His mediatorial death. YY'halcver some of my Pro testant renders may' think of it, I felt pleasure at the time, nnd I feel pleasure now in the re membrance, that amid so very many things in which I felt compelled openly to manifest my iion- concurronoe, there was one act of worship in which I could conscientiously join. Surely it would have been the exaggeration of Protes tantism to refuse lo kneel with the Romanists in silent prayer, at the reading of the narrative of the Saviours death. After wandering about for some time, enjoy ing the sense of mysterious grandeur which in the gathering gloom of night pervaded that mighty temple, our attention was attracted to the great ontranco, where we saw, approaching from the scnla regia of the Vatican, the Pope and Cardinals in solemn possession. His Holi ness was mi foot, attended by all the great offi cers of his court and the chief dignitaries of the Church. The procession was headed and flanked on both sides by priests bearing torches. Viewed pictorially, it was u most beautiful sight — that fjortieous array of prelates with the Pope him self pit their head, their varied robes thrown out in strong light, solemnly ami slowly mov- ing up the majestic nave, whose long recesses of deep shadow were only partially invaded by the blazing torches, which flung their flickering glare now beneath one mighty arch, and trow beneath another, affording glimpses of the de- versilied and countless groups which nrere mov- ing aoout in all directions. And now they nre just beneath the dome, and stop oppositeoue of the four immense piers on which it rests. On looking up, we see at a great height a shell gnllefy, in which, by the light of some candles which they boar, we can just discern two or three priests. One of these was walking up and down in a most pompous way, displaying tho relics, followed by two other priests with folded hands, look ing very sanctimonious. He held up what seemed a glass case, in a gold frame, which sparkled brilliantly, as if set with diamonds. It contained the head af the spear with which Christ was pierced ! The priest holds it on one side, then on the other, then elevates it on front — and see! the Pope and Cardinals have all prostrated themselves on the marble pavement, in humble adoration before it l The second relic was then exhibited in the same manner; a bit, they say, of the true cross, about three inches long. Lastly came the cloth of St. Veronica. Tho legend states that our Lord, on his way to Calvary, boing much heated under the burden of the cross, a young woman, Veronica, handed him her handkerchief to wipe his face from the perspiration, and that when he returned it to her it bore the impression of his features ! 1 his very handkerchief bearing this miraculous likeness they claim to show at St. Peter's on Good Friday, and to this Isavv tlie Pope and Cardinals prostrated in adora tion. After remaining prostrate dur ing the several minutes which were occupied, in the display of these curiosities, the Pope and Cardinals rose up from the pavement, and left the church as they had entered it ; the only object of their visit being to set this public example to the Roman Catholic world how the relics of the Church should be venerated and adored. YVith quite as much outward worship as they treated what they believed to be tho real pesence of Christ iri the sacrament, did they worship these bits of iron, woodland linen. Comment is needless ; arguments in such a case, a true work of supererogation. 1 saw for myself. 