MELBOURNE CITY MISSION REPORT. The- Christian friends who have come together on the present occasion fr the purpose of organising a Melbourne City Mission, are informed that the meeting now held was pre ceded by two meetings of a less public charac ter, consisting of ministers and many earnest minded laymen, in the office of the Immigrants Aid Society, on the 3rd July and 11th July ult., in wh:ch, after full discussion, it was deter mined, the Lord willing, to establish a Mel bourne City Mission. Rules for the name were agreed upon, and a preliminary committee was appointed to make arrangements for a public meeting. The Committeenow feel it their duty, 1st, briefly to state the objects aimed at by a City Mission : 2ndly, the necessity thIat exists in Melbourne for such a Mission; 3rdly, the peculiar character of the Mission provided for by the rules. 1\. The object of a City Mission. The object contemplated by a City Mission is to aid in supplying the Gospel to those persons who are in a state of spiritual destitution. It is not intended to rival or supersede any existing in stitution; nor to rival, nor to supersede the ministry of the gospel. The main argument for tih existence of the Mission is the spiritual destitution of multitude.s Let this be fully supplied; let the people at large have the Gospel made known to them taithfullly from house to house, or regularly atte Il where it is prearched, let them be visited in their afflictions, anlt in their dying hours by tile ministers of the gospel, ond there will be no longer any necessity for a City Mission. Until such time arrive, it will be the dity of a City Mission to seek out support godly meni, who are willing to be em ployed in the work of visitation. The duty inpesi d upon every missionary will be to aiml at conversing with every person or family, on the great matter of salvation.; to point out the evil and consenuences of sin, showing the neces sity of repentanoo -towards God, and faith towards Our Lord Jesus Christ. 2\. The naccssity for a Melbourno City Mis sion. Tie urgent necessity for a Melbourne City Missionl, appelrs from the lamentable fait that the work which it proposes to accampli1tr has been hitherto wholly neglected, or very partially attempted. Thits great city is crowded with souls.; its wide suburblr contain thousands upon thousands of inhabitants, and all need the betnfit of constant domiciliary visitation. Amidst our dense population inl Melbour'ne, nrd equally numerous, but mrie .scattered popula tion in its outskirts, there are, it is to be feared, very manly thouiands who are living wholly without God inl the worhl. The ablrathl-break ors, the thoughtless, the profligate, theI drunkard, the profane, the ignorant, the backslider, andl the iulidel need to be solemnly warned, ari diligently instructed. But how is this r.at and neceissry work to bo accomplished? Where are the labt'ers rwho can undert:tke it? Tihe minisilters r.idlirn amongst uis are already over burdtened with work, n'l year after year adds greatly to the amonurn of tihe population, with out adding in ta proportionate umanner to tile strengtl of the ministerial staff. Under these circumstances eve.ry Christian will haill with delight nir wise and scriptural plan which atfordls a ilrospect of atttlninig the. object in 3\. The character of the City Mission itrovidred for by tile rulems Thorc who are acquainted with the London City Mission will only need to be infrrmed that the rules of tlhat Mission halve been mate the basis of tile rules, of -the Mel bourne Cily Mission-at once to understand that they are framted in a truly Catholre spirit. The rules of the London CitvM.iHssion have in every case been adr,,pte1, with only those altera tions which are necessary to meet the slecial circumstancesr of the colony, and tile committee feel it is of tile highest mnment to follow tile example of a Society which has had greatly blessed in its operations, and has been the wisdom of its constitution tested by experience. Chrristtians of all rlenominations have worked together in perfect harmony under its regula tions. No sacrifice of soudrl doctrine respecting fLrrms of Church Governmrent is required, but true Christians dilffering in their views of eccle siastieal polity, co-operate together for the spread of vital religion-content to unite in spreading through their agents truths essential to the salvation of the soul, and leaving the people themselves, when brought under the power of tihe Word, to attend the ministry of that branch of the Church to whvich they severally belong, or any other they mtay choose as likely to promote their godly edification. RULtS. The following rules were agreed upon at a preliminrary meeting held July II, 1851.. 1\. That a society be formed to' be cnilled.the Melbourne City Mission. 2\. 'IThe object of this society is to extend the ktnowledge of the gospel amongst tihe inhabi tants of Melbourne and its vicinity, without iany reference to dcnominational distinctions or the peculiarities of Church government. 3\. To efifect this object, missionaries of ap proved character nld qualifications, who shall give themselves to tile worl, shall be employed anrd p-mid by tile Institution. Their duty shall be to visit fromn house to Ihousn , int the reslteat live districts thIat shalrl be assigned to them, read the Scriptures, engage in religious conversation, nand urge those who are living in neglect of ro ggion to observY the B1&a; t #?t il to attend publia worship. They shall also see that all persons possess the Scriptures, shall distribute approved religious tracts, and aid in obtaining seritur'al education for children. By approval of the Committee, thley shall hold mectings for reading and expounding the Scriptures and prayer, nod shall adopt such ohier means as the Canmmittiei may think necess itr for the accomp lishlneint of the object of the Misitin. "1. As the olbject of the mission is to extend the knowlelgo of the Gospel, it is ia fundamen tal law Ihat the following doctrines be prnmi tontly ta:ught by the acints and publications of the Mission. They are g'ven, "not in the words which mann's wi~donl teacheth, bet which the Holy Ghost leahreth." " All ha:e pinned, and come short of thlt glry of God." " In the begininnigi was lhe WVord, and the Word was with God, and tel Word was God. And the WVord was made flesh, tawll dwelt anmong us." " Except a mani be orn acain Ite cannot see ithe kingdom of God." "The bIlood of Jeottz Christ his Son .cleanseth us fro:n all sin." " Being justiiied by tifith we have peace with Gad through our Lord Jesus Christ." " Neither is thore salvation in any other, for there is tnone other ilntoe under heavenl given among moln, rwhereby we must be saved." " HIoliness, with out whilch no ma.n shall see the Lord." "Ye are sanctified be the spirit of our God." I Cor. ii. 13; Riot. iii. 23; John i. 11l-1i ; Johln iii. 1; 1 John i. 7; Reom. v. 1 ; Acts iv. 12 ; Heb. xil. 1.1 ; Cor, vi. 1I. 5\. The general business of the Melbourne City Mission sbhall be condutcted by a commitee constituted impartially of members of the various evangelical Prtestant Churches; the examinters of Miseionaries to consist of ministers of -such churcels, chosea impartia ly; all of whom, with the treasurer, secretaries, and auditors, shall be members of the committee (ex oficio). G. Persons subscribing not less than one gitinea annually shall be members of the insti itt, ioo. 7\. A general meeting shall be held annually (or oftener if necessra,) to ap:iointt tihe olIice Iharers, receive a report of the preceedings of the Mission, and of the state of the funds. All matters proposed shall be determined by the moajority of the ilemlers lprsent. 'The meeting shall he opened ain concluded by prayer, and the president for the day shell sign the minutes of the proceeeliens. In connection with the annualtllt eeitltc, one sermoln or more shall be preached, of which due notice shall be given. S. The funtdsof the Mission, arising from donta tions, legacies, subscripitions, collections, &c.;, shall be expended under the direction of tihe committee, upon the salaries of the Missionaries, the purchase of -tracts, and in eeting atll tne cessary charges in conducting the business of the Mission. 9\. That. no alteration shrill be made in the constitution, except at an onnual meeting,, or erneral meeting specially convened by the com mittee, upon a requisition stating the nature of the alteration, signed by fifty of the members, and to be held within twenty-one days of the receipt of.such requisition. - SAPPEAL. The committee having now submitted the rules agreed upon for a Melbourne City Mission. would make an earnest appeal for the suoport of this society. Every true servant of the Lord Jesus must desire to see the whole of the population constantly' visited by men of God, whose soloe object is their eternal welfare, anid whose sole instrument for effecting that object is the glorious gospel of the blessed God. The work to be acomplished is great-the means by wvhich it is to be attempted are simpnile and agreeable to God's word--the hope of success is founded on God's promises. Let every Chris tian hIelp. If the work be wisely carried forward, we cannot estimate the amount oJ good which may be accomplished; if it be neglected, we know not how soon the spiri ual evils with which we are surrounded may ot overwhelm us as with a flood. 