WESLEYAN MISSIONS.-' . : TUB Thirtieth Annual Meeting of the Van Diemen's Land Auxiliary of the Wesleyan Missionary Society was held on Monday evening at Melville-street Chapel, the body of whi. li was well filled by the friends of the Mission, and persons of the various religious denominations in Hobart Town. On the platform were the Revs. Messrs. Manton, Harris Innes, Miller, Kerr Johnston, Nicolson, Apperly, Wade, Rigg, Jabez Waterhouse, Day, Robert Young, and Messrs. Hone, Hopkins, Dr. Turnbull, o.C. Mr. Manton commenced the proceedings by giving out the hymn " From all that dwell below the skies," over., which was sung by the congregation, after which the Rev. Mr. Nicolson offered prayer. The chair was then taken by Joseph HOM:, Esq, (Master of the Supreme Court and Chairman of Quarter Sessions,) who stated that he had just arrived from the country, where he had been engaged in his official duties that he had much pleasure in accepting the invita- tion to preside on the present occasion, had expressed his approval of the object that had called them together. The Rev. Mr. MANTON, on being requested to read the report, observed, that the meeting being held some days in advance of the usual time, owing to the Rev. Robert Young., arrival, the report would be necessarily imperfect. The committee having acknowledged the liberal support given to the society, and the indications of spiritual good effected by its operations during the past year, went on to say that the parent society had determined to restrict the future expenditure, so as to bring it within the income, and. particularly that colonial missions should be dependent on the colonial congregations for six port, in order that the funds might be more exclusively devoted to the cause of missions to the heathen. A few extracts from the list report of the parent society were then given. In Ireland there had been an increase of members. In France a. national conference had been formed, thus placing it in a new ecclesiastical position ; the prospects of the new conference were bright, and in the south of France a revival of religion had taken place. Steps had also had been adopted for establishing a mission in Italy. In Germany there had been an increase. In South Ceylon where there had been a Wesleyan mission forty years, there was considerable property, this being the oldest mission of the society among the eastern population : the total number of members was 1896, being an increase of 78. In Nmth Ceylon two of the missionaries had left the district and returned home. City and Sniwbt o/Madrs. The cause of religion here, had to greatly contend with native superstitions. The Rev. Thomas Carter who had laboured in this field twenty. two years, had died, leaving a name long and affectionately to be remembered in the East. Amid much opposition, domestic affliction, and the apparent absence of beneficial results, Mr. Crier had a heart undaunted, and a fully easily feed is yet in the end, the preaching of Christ and him Crucified had been eminently successful, and many would appear at last as the crown of rejoicing of this eminent man of God, who died at Madras, October 6th. 1852, of cholera. Banyahre, Three missionaries had labored here during the past year In CAins, several missionaries had been sent to assist the devoted Mr. Piercy, [or. Main ton here took occasion to announce that he had received a note from a friend in this town, a few minutes ago, enclosing an order for £25, towards the separate fund for missions to China (cheers).] New South Wales. the gold discoveries had caused changes and many removals, but there had been, notwithstanding, an increase of members, and several new chapels; the field was accessible, V{fëh Muna alone were required to scrap;, A'cip Sevens: Some interesting particulars were read ISiSMáoigtbe'progresadf the mUtton among the natives Who by their hearty and piety^ahibited two blades of CuriidBtttjr.ii» Unit Uvca.^Uyt. Drury of H.M.S. Pandora had attended one of the missionary, meetings, and favourably expressed himself as to the beneficial, effect of missions on the natives : special contributions had been given and communications sent home eulogistic of the cause. In the Friendly Islands the chiefs had renounced heathenism, and bound themselves to the cause of the Lord Jesus. Feejee J stands. There had been a small increase of members, and it large increase of scholars. Mr. Haslewood, who had returned from leave of absence at Sydney, had completed the Feejeean and English dictionary and the English and Feejeean dictionary was in progress. The Cape Town and Western Africa missions were reported on satisfactorily; and in South Africa there was much to encourage. In North America, Canada west was referred to as in a prosperous state crime were large congregations, of whom many had been added to the church and two new Indian missions had been formed [An amusing speech of a converted thief was read in which he asked the black coat' to tell the "big: black coats" to send more " black coats" or missionaries to their country to teach them about " the Doole," promising land, and other secular advantages The summary of the mission was as follows: Central stations. 361 Chapels and pi reaching places connected with chief stations. 293C ' Misjiauaries and assistant mission in his including seventeen super i numcraiies..^. 465 Other paid agents, such as schoolmasters, catechists, &c.; 598 Unpaid agents, as Sunday School teachers, local preachers, c... 8194 Ace edited members (including Ireland) . 10"*,286 , On trial for Church Membership.. ' - 5-122 Scholars.'.. ..'. 7,46 Printing Establishments ' ....." 8 income of the society for the' past " ' year.jffh5,38l 19s 6d. Expenditure ft.'. 6. 10,337 l's i Id. or.¿'4955 Is 6d more than the income. t The income for Van Diemen's Land last year was 1719. s 8d. i i . MR. MANTON mentioned that he had received a letter from Dr. Officer begging to be excused from attendance and enclosing Jtl 'note as his subscription. (Cheers.) The CHAIRMAN here called upon the Rev. F. MILLER, who rose and said, his would be a very short speech, for he came forward to propose a substitute: he had attended meetings of this Kind for twenty-three years, and in twenty occasions at least had made speeches on this occasion however, he would introduce a brother minister who had just arrived from the neighboring colony, and he would therefore to night make a speech by proxy. He introduced The Rev. Mr. AppritLY of Geelong, who on rising was kindly received. The rev. gentleman said he had to move the first resolution which was as follows: - I. "That this meeting acknowledges with gratitude to Almighty God, the success which has been vouchsafed during the year, to the Wesleyan and other Evangelical and Protestant Missionary Societies." Two years ago he heard Mr. Binney of London state something of this kind : a young minister asked him how he might get over the difficulty of sameness in preaching, so as to afford a proper variety in his addresses? Mr. Binney, in his laconic manner, replied, " Speak to your text, and you will have variety enough." Now he would endeavor to stick to his text, that is, the resolution. He had once heard it remarked that reports at public meetings were so much a matter of ambiguity that if they wanted a thing to remain unknown, they should put it in the report ; but of late years, a great improvement was manifest in reports, which were rendered more interesting; and, properly viewed, in fact, the report was the must interesting part of a meeting; in them they had the facts detailed as to the difficulties they had to contend with, the successes which followed their labors, and the results of the whole of the movements of the s ciety. These things might be regarded as most interesting; and he would recommend them to bear in mind the substance of what was in too many cases considered a mere matter of emu see In-ref rence to the resolution he had to propose, it directed their attention to the great source of nil > success and to the wonderful feel that God connected the bestowment of his favors with our prayers. Let them not forget that and in the year ensuing while acknowledging the past goodness of God, let their prayers be more fervent and more incessant for the blessing which alone can give success. He had much pleasure in a moving the resolution. (Applause.) i Rev. JONATHAN INNES, of Launceston, se I conded the motion, and briefly dwelt on the races I sity of increased liberality and prayer that the fields of' labor now open and opening might be beneficially occupied for facts proved that, as yet, the Gillian in church in its zeal and devotedness, was not equal to the calls of Divine Providence. Dr. TURNBULL supported the resolution, and expressed his sympathy with the cEnts of this institution, which he regarded as a practical exponent of that player " Thy kingdom come," in carrying out the great object God had in view from eternity. The divine redeemer looked with com- plaisance on the poor widow who cast in her note to the temple treasury, and what occurred on earth was typical of what took place in heaven ; it the contribution of the widow's mile was spoken of with approval, what was given to the cause of missions should not be forgotten throughout the world to come : those who supported such institutions as this, should not want their reward d cheers. The CHAIRMAN admitted the Catholic terms of the resolution and the way in which it had been moved, seconded, and supported, and put it for the approval of the meeting who passed it unanimously. The Rev. W. NICOLSON proposed the next resolution :-"That this meeting regards with deep interest the renunciation of their former supers tion by so many of the natives of the Friendly Islands and Feejee, rejoices in the commencement of a Mission in China, and pledges itself to caring and importunate player for the success of all evangelical labor for the conversion of the world ' He approved of the suggestion of M.r. Apperly that they should take hold of the resolutions as I regard them as an important branch of their proceedings ; this would in a great measure super cede the necessity of long speeches, and he felt disposed to adopt the " new mode.'' Indeed he did not know why he was called to stand before them, seeing so many *' black coats" on the platform (a laugh), for if all were to address the meeting, there would be hardly time to- do more than lead the resolutions. He might, however, say he was there to show his love for his friend Mr. Manton and he was there also to demonstrate his willingness to co-operate with the West leyan Missionary Society in promoting the con- version of the heathen.' But, to notice the resolution it embraced three points 1st the Friendly Islands and Feejee! 2nd, China; end 3rd, the necessity of importunate prayer for the success of missions in all | arts of the worlds The fact that the natives of the Friendly Islands and Feejee had renounced their superstitions, was enough to re. unite their hearts. The Friendly Islands were first so called by Capt. Cook, because the natives "ere apparently mild in their character; but some of the islands had been discovered by Tasman, who discovered Van Diemen's Land ; one of these, Tonga, was discovered by Capt. Cook in 1777, and in 1797, the London Missionary Society attempted to establish a mission there. Nine missionaries accordingly landed, three of whom fell victims to the cruelty of the natives ; one left the brethren, and became a chief, and the other five left the island. In the month of December, 1896, a large ship was taken possession of, and twenty-six of the crew massacred by the natives. The work of missions was consequently interrupted for some years, but in 1892, the Wesleyan body attempted again to revive it, and a Mr. Laurie, who had been in New South Wales, was transferred there. and landed on one of the islands, where he met with a friendly reception ; from that time the missionaries had PiSfined their work with, success, and it was pleasing to Know that a great number had been brought to the kntgjSedge of the truth this was h gratifying reward far missionary labor and who did not notice IA that success? Tito of Notation then 1 ' t < ' J - .. alluded to China An China, missionary work had long been a difficult matter, having been shut up, but one of the great barriers to be overcome was the difficulty of acquiring the language, and the peculiar talent needed for the purpose. Who did not know something of the feats of a Morrison, " through whom the scriptures had been translated into that tongue Î And there was one now in the field - William. Burns who had successfully preached the gospel in Scotland, England, and America; and who having given himself to the work of Christian missions had been sent by the Presbyterians to China, where he had now been a few years. So gifted was he, and so well qualified as to acquiring the language, that in little more than two months after he landed he was able to convene with'nnd'address them in their own, ka guage. He had now been joined by Dr. Young, and a third was on the way. As they had been told to-night, the Wesleyan body also had' missionaries there. There were too, missionaries there, of other denominations and there was room for all to carry on the work, without binder ing one another. The recent movements in that empire would greatly tend to open the way for the, pursuit of the Christian work among them and that too was a cause of rejoicing. The third i point in the resolution was the pledge of the meeting to earnest and importunate prayer for future success-, the meeting were about to pledge themselves to yield observances this year! for prayer prayer, not for the success of the Church of of England Missionary Society, nor the London Missionary Society, the Baptist Mission, nor any other in particular, but for the success of all even graced labor for the conversion of the world. What a magnificent idea 1 The missionary platform afforded standing room, and spealtingroom, and acting room for all denominations (cheers.) They might give their most cordial co-operation when matters were not ripe enough for incorpora- tion. To ask him to incorporate might he impracticable, but to ask him to co-operate was to ask him to do what they were now doing, what it was their duty to do, and what it was their de- right to do. He begged to submit the resolution (cheer so 2 The Rev. ROBERT YOUNG, (the deputation from the Wesleyan Conference was called upon by the Chairman, and on the Rev. Gentleman rising, he was most cordially greeted. When silence was res fared, Mr. Young spoke to the following effect -. My Christian friends-The resolution which I am called upon to second, very properly assumes that Christianity has missions: and truly its divine author was a missionary-his benevolence was that of a missionary ; he felt privations, endured trials, and suffered in his character as a missionary, while he " went about contin- ually doing good." The apostles were missionaries, and like their divine master bore insult with magnanimity, nor did they " count their lives dear to themselves, so that they might finish their course with joy, and the ministry which they had receive 1 of the Lord of cans, to testify the gospel of the glare of God." And their labor was not in vain, for by their preaching, heathen temples were demolished, pagan oracles were silenced, prejudices uprooted, vicious habits destroyed, and multitudes embraced the religion of the redeemer. Soon after I the time of the apostles, however, the missionary spirit declined. But the work has been recently revived and now the followers of Christ are prosecuting it with an ardour which " many waters can- not quench." It is a pleasing fact that missionaries are now sent forth by the church to assist in rescuing the world from the grasp of the great usurper and although they go in distinct companies, travelling in different uniforms, they are but divisions of the same army, under the same glorious captain, using the same armour, and con- templating the same great design, the conquest of the common foe (cheers.) In pursuing this warfare the little differences' of attire or of denomina- tion are no more thought of than by the soldiers of different regiments amid the roar of cannon, the clash of arms, and the groans of dying men. Before these soldiers of the cross, of whatever division, the foes of Christ are seen to fly, whether the men of war are attired in the uniform of the Episcopalian, the Baptist, the Moravian, the Independent, the Presbyterian, or the Wesleyan: the whole host participate in the joy of victory, and unite to ascribe salvation to the Lamb, and hasten to crown him Lord of nil (renewed applause.) My brethren, I speak experimentally, having been in the field several years. I am here as the representative of the Wesleyan Missionary Society and having in that capacity lately visited New Zealand, the Friendly Islands and Feejee, it will be expected that I should give an account of what I witnessed (cheers.) First, then, as to New Zealand; it is nearly thirty years since a n ission was commenced there. I was fixed upon to be associated with the late John Lee in the commencement of that mission, but it so happened that my appointment was changed to meet an emergency, and I went to the West Indies. On leaving England, I remember Mr. Lee came to bid me good he, and said to me, " Brother Young, you are not now going to New Zealand, but it is my deep conviction that you will see New Zealand before you die, And so it has come to pass, according to the word of the servant of God (hear, hear.) Our mission to New Zealand has been successful, and although not accompanied by all that could he desired, it has been instrumental in producing much external good. The Church and Wesleyan Missionary Society ei there have brought nearly all the natives, more or less, under the influence of Christianity and though all may not be acquainted with the saving power of the Gospel, hundreds are walking in the fear of the Lord, and the comforts of the Holy Ghost. Three fourths of the population are able to read God's word, and two-thirds can read their own language correctly, some of them even elegantly. (Cheers.) True, many of them have a name only to live, yet their moral and civil condition has been improved when compared with what they were, previous to the introduction of the Gospel : they have been saved not only from cannibalism, but also from many degrading and fearful vices. When at New Zealand, I conversed with several of the influential Chiefs', and I have come away with an impression of the intellectual power of that race, and when that intellectual power shall be developed by Christian education they will, no doubt, become useful members of the community (cheers.) I next visited the Friendly Islands. - On my arrival in that interesting part of the Missionary field, I walked the deck of the John Wesley, early in the morning, and counted thirty lovely islands just gilded by the rays of the rising sun, and dipping in the bosom of the deep. Only twenty-six years ago those isles of beauty had been islands of blood ; but now, in the language of Scripture, the Gentiles There have Come to the light, and the king (literally) to the brightness of its rising the land which was waste has become fruitful. " Instead of the thorn has come up the fir tree, and instead of the briar has come up the myrtle tree ; which shall be to the Lord for a name, for an everlasting sign which; shall not be cut off." In these islands of polite-' lion,' 20,000 have been christianized, although'' there may be about fifty who remain In heathenism We have 6000 accredited church members, 70o] ! adults and children, who are receiving a Christie education ; there are 3000 and upwards who all read the word of God; and something more than five thousand who can read their own , language, some of them beautifully (chest s.) The, i all have not felt the power of the gospel units saving influence, but those who have not, are, more or less restrained by the influence the gospel lips edited, and In point of scriptural knowledge, and morals, they will bear comparison with any place in Europe or America. During my visit I was struck with several features in the character and state of these people ; their reverence for the day of the Lord is remarkable: in no country have seen the Sabbath so much respected asked the Friendly Islands, nof>parties of amusement, no Sabbath breaking of any description, nothfigwliich could tend to infringe on the sanctity of the Lord's day ; you may see them occasionally coming from the villages or towns, but it is to repair to the house of the Lord; and'ifyouobservj a canoe going along on enquiry you will find it carrying some native teacher to the'out.-islanditopreach the word of life. Another feature in the character is. their attention to family prayer There is scarcely a family to be met With,'' wish has not rejected an offer to the triune God ; in in which the morning and evening locale is not presented to the throne of grace. When the SW of prayer areas at high Fit to truly whittling (o west :?;. -.;..'.? 7 ' ? the era or village; and from every hoqV may be held the view of praycr;!ond^prahe.l(Heiir heart- My brethren, I have listened to the 'of fudonW simple dévotion-until.I imagine my. selfafhe very gates of heaven. There is this remarkable fact that those parties who governor "embraced the gospel in its saving power, fell that they must call off the Great God and worship him, since their attention to family desire. Another feature is the r laTe for the scriptures. The New Testament has been translated into their tongue; and the missionaries are engaged who translation of the Old Testament. Whjsi ' arrived Tonga, a copy could not be obtaiaeilfi»r anywhere ; there are two large- editions offered are so much prized that the possessor would not part with for any price. I took in the brig As Weary several hundred copies of the New East ment, kindly furnished by the British and Fore- Bible Society; and when it was knew that " Tia Books" had arrived, and vice in the play their joy knew no ' bounds I in,their prayer meetings they thanked God, for, their rejoicing was evinced on every occasion. I . 5 was remitted, my brethren, of the words of ieV-' miah To; word have I found, I ate it, and He became theory and rejoicing of my heart." During my conventions with these people, I was truly astonished; n find how familiar they were with the Scriptures. A poor man on one of the islands who was not act to come to the house of God to worship commited to memory nearly the whole of the New Testament j and as he lay in bed would repeat whole chapters and books. One day, a friend sent him some Aimer, when the messenger asked if he had had anything; of yes' was his reply: " what have you been eating?" " Why the whole of Co- ruffians" (lighter.) Thus this poor bed-ridden man had committed the holy truth to his memory, and had decided to feast upon it in his heart. I am aware that Europeans visiting the country might be disappointed that greater progress has not been made in civilization, than they had ex j pected : and certainly if the use of Yorkshire j broadcloth and Lancashire calico be a sign of ' civilization, day are only partially civilised, for they know nothing of the former, and have very ! little of the Idtur (a laugh.) They have an idea that the natives ess is more suited to the climate; but if they desired it, they are not in circumstances to obtain it, for there is little trade, and consequently few of Portunities of negociating for such commodities. When the John Wesley called at Vavou, no vessel had been there for 18 months. But In some aspects they consider it an advantage to use the nulivadicss, and if truthfulness, honesty, chastity, and sobriety are evidences of civilization, 1 these people appear to advantage when placed in the scale with the most polite and civilized parts of the wool lil '(beers.) A great work has been effected in these islands through the preaching of the gospel; it was not until 18th or 1827 that the first convert was made, although as stated by Mr. Nicolson, it was occupied as a mission station in 1822 or 182.J.1- In 1826 or 1827 the first indications presented' themselves that the saving power of the gospel was operating on the natives. Once len, we might truly exclaim, What hath God ought? The King (George), and;! Queen Chocolate have both renounced heathenism and chanced the gospel ; the King is a lay) preacher, and Engages every sabbath ; he also attends prayer meetings with the Queen, and both assist in public prayer : I heard them repeatedly, and can truly say by spirits were often cheered on these occasions. When I arrived, I paid my res- pects to King Geake, who received mc politely, and was pleased to land me a chair : then as he resumed his seasonal native that, I had a conversation with him, anuusceitained that it was his wish to visit Australia Ltlien offered him a passage in the John Wesley, which he accepted, but said it would be nrcasân-y.for him to provision the ship ; I said " No, the committee of the Wesleyan Missionary Society will be glad to hear that I have the means of affording jour may -say the opportunity of visiting Australia" King George looked at me archly, and replied 'You must not forget that you're in a foreign lW, and you must be kind enough to obey the visits the king,'" (a laugh). I of course, could not say nay, and the king did provision the ship 1 fot among other things he sent in Si tons of yams, JIM) cocoa nuts, 15 cwt. of pork (laughter) and early 600 fine fowls; truly a most kingly supply (Renewed laughter) and His Majesty evinced the same deposition throughout the voyage. While we were at one of the Feejee islands, the king sent June my dinner, and this consisted of eight puddings (a hugh), six baskets of baked yams, and two large roasting pigs (loud laughter), which showed the munificence he was disposed to exercise. I'e embraced Christianity many years ago, I cling along the first of the con- verts who submitted to the truth, and felt the gospel to be the power of God of salvation. At Sydney, George attended a missionary meeting-I should mention that ten years ago the King had presented Mr. Rabone with in idol god, once worshipped by himself, and hisiueen. The missionary had retained the shot, and gave it to the king at Sydney, where he took to the missionary meeting, and gave its h'Sory. Having taken the gold out of his pocket he held it up, and " Now," said he, " I was accustomed to call this thing a God and I worshiped it in my family." He held his right hand, which was minus two joints of the little finger, and said, " My father cut off this and offered it in sacrifice." He then held up his other hand similarly mutilated, saying, " My father offered that in scantiness appease the wrath of this supposed god's After his conversion it appeared, he determined to be avenged, so he collected all the gods of the place, and hung them by the neck in one of his kitchens (a high), and it was found ) that they could not save themselves, and consequently could not benefit others. He then paid a visit to Vk'ow, who was persuaded to renounce heathenism and embrace Christianity : then he collects) his go Is, but did not hang them as George indoors. But he had the gods placed in a row, affected the people together, and then addressed them one by one. The first he gave an opportunity to, of establishing his claim by running away, thing him if he didn't he should be cast into the fire ; he could not, and therefore the threat was carried into execution (a laugh). Then he addressed the second professed god, and said he should have an opportunity of vindicating his character (laughter), but he failed to do so, and met with the fate of the other ; so he went on, in a strain of cutting irony, until all methods were cast into the fib-and were in a black's laugh). He thus destroyed the gods of his household, and throughout the land and when in the island I saw the very place where this scene was presented. I have referred to the Queen ; She is a most excellent, true and devoted christian ; is a class and prayer-leader, and instructs a great number of newly married women; and, besides, has a school, I examined ? her school, aid was delighted with it. During one of my visits to, the palace-if I might call it so-the Queen sat down and wrote a most beautiful letter to my wife, giving some most excellent advice, concluding; in this way This is the end of my wrong, but not the end of my love." ; (Cheers.) Thus is du insanity triumphant, and at the Friendly Islands, as a whole, the Christian population arm one of the most sincerely devoted and competent people on this planet.' I ought to have stated before, that George governs the people by a Or istian code, founded on Christianity and the people are a. tache 1 to him, as one sent to their God to be a great blessing to the country. I proceeded on to Feejee - dark Feejee - cannibal tree - impious Feejee. At Lakemba, I was pained to hear that war had broken out, and that your friend Joseph Waterhouse had, with his family found it necessary to quit the place for a time, be a in considerable danger. I heard too, that Varrtne had been murdered, and another native -teacher.- Mr. Water house had succeeded in obtaining the body of one, but the other bad been cooked and eaten. I saw the widow, and her support and comfort was, that she had lost a good man, butler was not in a better place than Feejee. At neither island, a savage looking man 'shook handcuff' me ; when Mr. Calvert said, " You little know, who you have been shaking handy nth : he is the king of the fishermen, who has lib killed 18 persons to make a feast." Yon raavfSe sure this was' not a very welcome statement laugh.) visited the Island, of Vavau, the captain,' where the Icing re addition landing the ride wa»leaving,and in individual standing oajM abara came to my as .ÜUM04 «maFrcadbiia grill me known polite, IA 'ii I I ' more polite, or' attentive to etiquette " Margett on shore I took off my hatred made a law bow in acknowledgment ' of His assistance, what Mr. s Calvert Slid, " That man is the greatest cannibals, in the>plate, and generally lives of human flesh." I was shown, two ovens in which human being had been recently cooked (sensation.) I also perceived with horror and disgust, some remains of individuals! who had been subject to this process. I visited one of the temples where were certain marks of violence, remaining on the stones. Then I paid my &pects; to Thackumbori, a fine man, but a heathen, who said he would embrace Christianity, I it he was afraid of being clubbed. The Queen prepared some English team for me. After sitting a while, King George came, and was received with great politeness; it was intimated to the King at now was a. fine opportunity to make an impr >sion on Thick number ; he said he would embraced and I think he did. He was not offended, : id presented George with his very best double c toe-a fine present indeed. I visited the hot e of a stranger, and in this house was King So) Some, a fierce cannibal, a man I knew had buried alive, his father and had said that the first person who became religious, he would put him into in; kerb. He was submitting at the time to an operation of the hair-dresser, when he ral and shook me by the hand, but I ~^~ must say Pldid not feel exactly comfortable (a laugh), and has only two words of English he knew he used r then and if my nervous system had not been tolerably strong, I should have been alarmed when he uttered these words huge A knife, largeJIJife'j (laughter). These words coming from helps of a cannibal were alarming, but I gathered from his manner that he meant (as was The fact) is opportune me to give him a large knife laughter) told him I did not come there as a merchant in deal-, but to talk about the Lord sus Chili; but he every now and then ex aimed " large knife, large knife" and at the con- tusion I left without much satisfaction. I then at Geer to him and the King told him he got to embrace Lord, and give up his bad places. 'b said he was a good heart" and it shall not." How dark must that man he, and all who is again, mc sunk into the deepest do grklation ling without God in the world | But nuWhst sing, the light has beamed of the, and there are at least 3 iOl) Feejeeans walking in the fear of the 3rd, and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost', tie are also 500ft under religious in. struc ion, fUd 61) who attend regularly our places of whip. there are 15 native teachers set apart if the work, sea Pte i ed about in the ' villages, 1 icing to the people the word of life and many of us are exceedingly useful: tree is "a great we blowing a deep impression has been made, an throughout the length and breadth of the land, became is destined speedly to full before the pit and his conquering son (cheers)7** This is a rt point gained by the preaching of the gospel and the missionaries, though previously c; ned to danger, are now comparatively safe: it v jd now be a dreadful thing for any man to I yt hand on one of the missionaries the whole gentry would rise against the man who ~ would be city of such an atrocity an for this '-' "i)t to thank God, and take courage. ext relate I an interview 6 had with of a chief who had been murdered, tended to revenge his by others having heard Mr. Young pinch on the it of Christianity had been led to consult him on the sufect. Mr. im although he felt for as brother's greater to forgive than to revenge. that George of Tonga Id lost his the said revenge '(is God's vengeance is mine, I will repay saith In the end the man said he would not now seem to be revenged but would ask forgiveness fours brother 's murderer: a hint which greatly damaged Mr. Young, who was thus the means of preventing serious mischief.; I hey had great engagement to go on the Lax was still with their id still employed such instrumentality. The objects the missionary enterprise was the concerning the whole world for they should employ the energies, lift up their grace, give their time and money, and make suffice and never relaitheir efforts until every corners of the earth, ever island of the sea shall receive the truth, and until every idol be built from its throne, (evy pagan heart, everyone thief, every came in, and every savage I changed, conversely and saved. How vast, how glorious" is this 11) sign This is not fanaticism, sa same word sly, who raised anvil report concerning the goodly land; tink God, there are till Caleb's and Joshua's mongst as, ready and willing to lead the people to possess the land of To us, there are difficulties;'! overcome, but they are not insuperable ; there are strong, holds to fail, but they are not imperishable ; the giants w lliot be able to stand again the Lord's < warriors [te walls will tremble at the sound of His true lips, and will utterly fall befit the Ark of the L is for the mouth of the Iwl bath declared to &" the Son shall have the tea then for His ink Prince, and the uttermost parts of the earth to his possession." While we e thankful for what 'Is been accomplished, our State should be " Ouwds ;" our watchwo d Edwards;" and we should consider nothing as di until our foes are 'thinned, and the conquests Emmanuel are cut 'in from the Equator to t Poles, and from the rivers to the ends of the e h (cheers). China 1 a been alluded to, and it was interesting field I labor. Mr. Young stated that he had received instructions to go to China it ascertain the best way of promoting Missions! by that vast , country. The subject of prayer areas is referred to in a resolution, and what" co of be more interested? He hoped they who I cultivate prayerful the success of missions ; i I, according to the terms, co-operate with God in the great work rescuing the world from 'Ii rasp Of that usurp and leading the sinner to the set of Jesus, and 11 Ike enjoyment of his safvion (much apples to) 3," The li AIRMAN, before putting In resolution, reminds the meeting of the obligatory nature of the plan it embodied, and the am; it to them. We reef scarcely add that the reading was passed near. ex R E The Collection was then made towards the Mission Fund. , h , , The' Rev. KERR JOHNSTONE raced the third resolute;- I . il% ' That the thanks of this reting be present to the collectors of the body and that the following gentlemen i be requests to form the . committee for the ensuing year, her follows a list of 42 committeemen). Tnsorcr, John Dunn, Esq., Secretary, Rev. J. ¿fiVlanton." . HENRY HOPKINS, Esq!?, J.P., steaded, congra. during the Society upon having many persons ' raged throughout the Island recollecting funds to connote a work which condemned the happy-;' , most of thousands and tens p thousands of t 1 the- fellow-creatures. He alsofcserved that he had never attended a meeting his life, at ! With he had felt greater please- in hearing the ' rest of what had been done. Hear friend (Mr. J T Lang) had given a truly interring account of A what he had seen, of the effects ollie gospel and if no more good had been Consider what be had a. "eated they should all feel encouraged.' But what ' i had described was only a small portion of that which God had effected by missionary instrument _ Icy in different parts of the said. How ought by to rejoice, when they Feathered that aTewr ara ago, so many of those who had embraced the 11th were cannibals I Therefore a few left, still. it this should quicken their but they, too, might Seeing the influence of the " Truth as there might be no more caimills. 'How gladsome aged prayer to God dazed and civilized by his in Jesus", that as it to find that these goodness were and he service of God, who were mee in misery, but low in happiness It was enough to gladden one's > heart to hear of such press, and encouraged them to look forward to the time when all should. know the Lord from the least to the greatest." ¡ Mr; Hopkins said he hoped the time would come , when a greater interestslioulobe taken iniiiis»ionsry meetings, and when that paper, galleries and all,' it should be crowded on such occasions. He wished there was a preliminary series among the mi, sisters as' to excite each&fcll;íer¿o''.Moft to' crucified larger .. interest and a more numerous attendance the ss J> afraid not half the itch was minute's brigades ?'K1 apple together that night's made. He was sorry had in heM «uwsnoaijWhat bad back cottons 25 and hr whom, during the past year, but hoped to yet, a short account on the next occasion. He ob v'JJftdím the duty and pleasure of cheerful giving; where there was a heart to give, there would be no real -use bat thousands, he feared, had the means, while comparatively few had the disposition. They did not read much in the New Testament, concern- ing large amounts, while the widow's mite was honorably spoken of. The coat buttons of the poor were accepted of GIFT, as well as those of the Healthy, when offered in faith. In conclusion, he expressed the hope that the young folks of the city (might be congregated next S ibhath afternoon to hear some of the good things Mr. Youngriiad'told / them to-night, and thereby have a greater interest / excited in favor of missionary work. The children at his place had contributed 93 during the past year, and such efforts should be encouraged, as they tended to imbue the minds of the young with their principles, and to create a context for the welfare of the heathen (applause). The resolution was then put and carried and the Chairman announced the following result of the collections at this anniversary £ 5\. 5 3 Collected this evening 28 It 0 After sermons on Sunday ... 28 O 0 £56 11 0 The Rev. Mr. MANTON in reference to the local exertions of the past year, said the reason why the details had not been given was that there had not been time for the collectors to make up their accounts, the present meeting being eight or ten days earlier than intended. But the report would be printed, and the names given as visual. He regretted to say that Mr. Young would be compelled to leave town before next Sabbath, and that consequently the meeting of the children, as proposed by Mr. Hopkins, could not take place. Mr. Manton then moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Hone for his kind attendance at the meeting, and for the able manner in which he had performed the duties of club man. The Rev. T. B. HARRIS seconded the motion, which was put and passed with acclamation. Mr. HONE briefly returned thanks: they were heartily welcome, and if he could serve them at any time or in any way, without violating principle, he should be most happy to do so. " Praise God from whom all blessings flow' having been sung, the Rev. Mr. Young concluded the meeting with prayer and the bene diction. 