CHIPS. (From Dickens's Household Words.) HER MAJESTY'S SERVICE. AGAIN. I I am a Queen's messenger, or rather, I was for, of course, I am a ghost, or I should not dare to write this ยก article Well, then, I was a Queen's messenger, and it was while hurrying home from Dahomey with the account of an Ambassadorial squabble, that I met with a little adventure in the neighbouring state of Tombuctoo, which retarded my journey. It also caused me for some time to be in bad odour with the clerks of the Foreign Office and, us all my happiness while in this world, of course, depended on the opinion of those gentlemen, I am anxious, though a shade, to clean- my defunct reputation in their eyes. About the time to which I refer, many people were meeting with similar mishaps, for it was subsequent to the appointment of Lord Fidilledcdce as British representative of that Court, and the Government of Tom- butter were happy in the conviction that they might take any liberty they liked with such an agreeable elderly gentleman. This, however, was not my fault, it was merely my misfortune. My mishap occurred in a railway', and in consequence of the suspicious appearance of a commercial traveller, who sat on the opposite seat. He had a book of patterns with him-a neat book-an English book, with a morocco cover and a little patent lock. It might have been a despatch box, or it might have been used, indeed, for carrying forbidden pamphlets and revolutionary manifestoes ; though, I confess, this idea did not occur to me at the time. Being anxious to do as much business as possible, no matter what was the subject started by his travelling companions, he contrived to turn it, soon or late, to printed cottons, and to open his book of patterns. He was a pushing, bustling, money-making Briton, with spare whiskers, and a smug clean face. Between Dahomey and Tombuctoo he had opened his book of patterns twenty times, to different persons who he supposed might be likely to trade with him and a close acquaintance had sprung up between us. Indeed I was never tired of admiring the smart little man and his patterns. His determined earnestness in trying to take fortune by the forelock, and to bear her away from all competitors, had a kind of fascination. We were drawing near to the famous capital of Tombuctoo, and travelling in a large carriage. Every now and then the guard came to look at us, to see if we were safe ยก once or twice he called us by our names and referred to an ominous looking paper which he carried in his hand. Various guards came in to look at us indeed, and on the appearance of every new one, something almost like the ceremony of an introduction seemed to pass between us. My acquaintance, whose name was Gossop, grew alarmed ยก and even to me there seemed something suspicious in the close attention paid to us. At length, on our arrival at Tombuctoo, the book of patterns dis- appeared for ever. Perhaps the authorities at Tom- bucton were ashamed to give it up, after having arrested two peaceable individuals on the strength of its contents. Perhaps they thought it might furnish a clue to some new species of cipher. At all events we passed just sixteen hours in a most dreary gaol, till the matter was cleared up in some incomprehensible manner and then we were let out without the smallest explanation. We had the honour of an interview with Lord Fiddlededee's porter, upon the subject, on the following day. My lord was taking a music lesson, and could not be seen. After some delay, we were shown into a room in which were a considerable staff of well dressed young gentlemen, warming themselves in every variety of position and to these young gentlemen we were introduced by a grave functionary, who could not speak English. The young gentlemen seemed to think we had met with a pleasant adventure, and rallied us agreeably about it. " But," said Mr. Glossop, dolefully addressing one whose attention appeared to be chiefly absorbed in caressing a strange wild crop of hair, " I have lost my patterns, and without my patterns I am nobody-no- thing-the object of my journey is lost." " Oh, you can easily get others," said the young gentleman. " It is not worth while making a row about that. But do tell us something about the place where they shut you up." The lively young diplomatist assumed an air of awakened interest and delight at the prospect which had thus unexpectedly turned up, of supplying him with amusing information upon a subject with which he was unacquainted. Mr. Gossip was abashed at this treatment ; he grew also irate, and his story became confused. Wrathful, tousled, hungry, red-eyed, fresh from prison, that true-bred Briton was quite a different person from the brisk, clear-headed, well-trimmed little man, who vaunted his wares with such a keen eye to the main chance, only forty-eight hours before. I tried to explain for him. Being myself of a rather resigned and phlegmatic temperament, and being, moreover, accustomed, from frequent journeys through Mahommedan countries, to take things coolly, I was not so much affected by the indifferent board and lodg- ing which had been supplied to us on the previous night by the Government of Tombuctoo. I think the account I gave of what had happened was plain and intelligible. " You know you can have nothing to say in the business," observed the lively young gentleman with the wild hair. " It is Mr. Tolly, who makes the complaint." " Glossop," said my companion. "Well, Gollop, then," said the lively young gentleman, " Upon my word, Mr. Cotton, I think you had better forget all about it, and leave Tombuctoo as soon as you can, for fear they should lay hold of you again. You see you were clearly in the wrong-" "But you forget," I said, "that I was stopped also; and, as a Government servant carrying despatches, the consequences of such an arrest might have been serious." " Oh ! If," said the young representative of Britain, gaily ; " If my aunt had whiskers she would be my uncle." "Stuff!" broke in another young gentleman, who had been trying to fix a remarkably obstinate eye-glass into his left eye. "Stuff, Captain Bolt ! Mr. Tiffin, | the sub-vice-consul at Dahomey, was stopped the other day. I am afraid Huffey at the Foreign Office will be very angry with you about this." I had never heard of Buffey and asked meekly who he was. " Don't you know Haffey, the chief clerk of the Dahomey and Tombuctoo departments ? You had better go to him directly you get to London, and explain the affair privately." " Explain what ! " said I rather disconcerted. " Why, about your getting into this mess with the police, and giving all the trouble." " Oh indeed ! " said I. This was all that came of our complaint. What befell my companion subsequently I don't know; for it was plain I had better not keep company with such a dangerous character, at Tombuctoo, during the glorious mission of Lord Fiddlcdedco. * 