ROMANCE OUTDONE BY PACT A lutm-it m the Ihoraastillo (Ufe) Watchman gi\ea tne following singular biography of james Hightower, retentH convicted ot manslaughter m that countj Three 3 ears in a dungeon, it seems is nothing to what he endured - About twenty-one years ago a young lady of this section of country, belonging to a 'respectable family, became the victim of a vile seducer ; the fruit was a boy, who is the subject of our narrative. His mother, as is usually the cuse with those of her sex who ure unfortunate, married a man of low breeding, and in adverse circumstances, and her son was dwtined to receive but a limited share of education or moral training. At a tender age his churacter waa peculiar, and in some respects very extraordinary. When only seven yeais old, he was attending in a sugar- cane mill ; by some means his left arm and hand .were crushed, by which accident he for ever lost the use of his hand. At the agc of ten he was bitten by a rattlesnake ; bung nearly alone on the place, ho had to call to his aid all the presence of mind of which he was master. Fortunately lie used the proper antidote, and thereby saved his life. In the short space of a few months ho was aguin bitten by one of the same species of rep- tile« ¡ by pui suing the same as heretofore, he was again rescued from the jaws of death. Between the age of twelve and fourteen he made several attempts to take the life of his stepfather, which shows that he would not be imposed on. About that age he also snapped several* times a loaded musket at a neighbour. When fourteen years old he was knocked down by lightning, and did not recover f.»r some time. At the agc of sixteen he was attacked, while hunting in the woods, by a very large panther. The panther soon torn him down ; he exhibited great presence of mind by feigning death. Hie panther then carried him into the swamp, covered him up with sticks and grass, after which he took his leave in search of more prey. Our hero, after the panther's departure, arose and made his escape home. He was badly torn, two of his jaw teeth were bitten out, and many wounds were in- flicted. But he was not thus to die, for lie soon recovered, and soon after his recovery gave his step-father a severe whipping und left him. Excepting another slight shock by lightning, his path was smooth until nineteen, when he became enamoured of a young lady. Though figuring in a higher sphere, his supe- rior in intellect and iaraily, yet she was smitten by the boy of misfortune, and resolved to marry him, notwithstanding the opposition of her relatives, who made severe threats against our hero. But what cured he, who had successfully battled against rattle- snakes, panthers, and even thn high power of Heaven, for the threats of man ! Nothing daunted, he conti- nued to urge his claims ; after Unding all hut efforts for a compromise unavailing, he commenced a deter- mined course. He procured his license, placed a magistrate at a conspicuous point in the woods, pro- ceeded htmscli on foot to the house that sheltered her whom he loved, secretly forced the door of her chamber, and conducted her about five miles through the wood« to the place of rendezvous Before arriving at the place whero the hymenial altar had been temporarily erected, illuminated by the blaze of lightwood knots and the pale rays of the moon alono, our hero fell into his former path of bud luck, for he was bitten by a mocassin snoko ; but he was too well used to snake bites to suffer that occurrence to retard his progress at such a momen- tous crisis, and, like a brave and undaunted boy, pursued his course, and, in accordance with his an- ticipations, was liwfully married, about twelve for one o'clock at night. Hit mocassin bite did not keep hitn long in bed, tor he then pobsessed a nurse of un- ceasing attention. After his first recovery, he carried his wife to the home which he had provided for her, hoping that his cup of misfortune was then full, and that he would then enjoy the bliss attending a married life. But he was not destined long to enj»y that repose which ho so much sought. He soon became entangled in a quarrel with one Mr. Wheeler ; the result was Wheeler was killed, and our hero, after a régulai trial in a court of justice, was convicted of man- slaughter, and now at the age of twenty, has gone leaving his wife, his anticipated babe, and his sweet home--to the pe titentiary, there to be incarcerated within its dismt 1 walls for the space of three years, which, to him, must seem long, long. Who can cintemplate his past life and not say, surely he is the child of misfortune? Have his misfortunes ended? Alas ! who can tell ? That fact is yet concealed by the dark curtain of futurity. ïioiiT WIÏU INDIANS.-Captain Van Buren, of the United States army, recently with his men in pursuit of the Camanche Indians, of which the New Orleans Delta gives the following account :-" On the 11th in Btant Captain Van Buren and twelve men of the mounted rifles overtook a party of twenty-five Camanche Indians, and whipped them handsomely. Captain King and a party of infantry, mounted on mules, first got on their trail near Las Moras, on the El Paso road, and pursued them four days, when the mulet, gave out. Fortunately about this time ho met Captain Van Burel, who was out from Fort Ingo on a scout, and put him on the trail. He followed it up for six rlavs. and travelled over 380 miles, when he overtook the Indians. To avoid pursuit they crossed the Nueces three times, and also a large lake. Captain Vari Buren swam his horses 400 yards across this lake, and »-truck the trail on the opposite side. The two parties discovered each other as the Indians were turning a hill, and when the captain got round the hill he found the Indians drawn up in line of battle ready to receive him, they having taken their Baddies and everything off their horses except their bridles, and put them in a pile. The Indians opened the fight with arrows, and when they sup , posed they had drawn the fire of the captain's party, charged it. The captain immediately ordered his men to dismount and take their rifles ; before this they had used only their revolvers, without much effect. When some five or six Indians hud been knocked off their horses, they broke, and the cap- tain charged them. The Indians left one of their number dead on the ground, but succeeded in carrying the other dead and wounded off. They left their saddles, &c.; Captain Van Buren and three of his men were wounded. In the commencement, of the fight the captain received' a1 wound in his sword- arm, which bled profusely, and hi the charge he attacked a powerful young Indian, who was on foot, and after having made several cuts at him the Indian suddenly sprang from tinder his horse's neck with his bow already drawn and shot his arrow through his body. It entered on the right side, about six inches above the navel and below the ribs, and tho iron'head carne out on the left side of tho spine, having cut through hi3 sword bell behind. He drew the arrow out with both hands, and believing the wound mortal lay down to die.' He, however, sent an express to Fort Ewell, and in the course of two or three days an ambulance and Dr. Head arrived, and he was taken to this place, some flO or GO miles from the battle-field. It is now the eighth day since he was wounded, and the three distinguished army surgeons who are attend ing him are of opinion to-day that he will recover, but until the last day or two they had scarcely any hope" Dn.\WDA.cK ox BUVIKKO Suo.uis.-The Lords Com- missioners ol' Her Majesty's Treasury have caused Mr. Wilson to transmit'to the Commissioners of Cus- toms, for their information and guidance, a copy of their Lordships' minute dated the ,25th September, fixing certain intermediate drawbacks upon the dif- ferent qualities of refined sugars, other than those contemplated and fixed by the Sugar Act of last ses- sion, with approved standard samples for their gui- dance. The tollo wing is a copy of the minute referred to :-" My Lords have bud under their consideration memorials from sevtral sugar-refiners, which represent the necessity of fixing some intermediate drawbacks upon refined sugar other than those contemplated and fixed by the Sugar Act ol'last session, in consequence of the abolition of refining in bond ; and my Lords refer to the provisions of the Act of Parliament, which contemplates, the introduction of new draw- backs. Upon a 'full consideration' of the case, und after communication with' the trade and the Customs' authorities, my Lords decide in the mean time to allow the rates of 15s. per cwt. of drawback on refined stoved sugar, and of 11s, per cwt. on bastard sugar», to remain as provided by the Act ; but they decide to introduce two inter- mediate drawbacks, as applicable to the different qua- lities of unstoved, crushed, or pounded sugar, as here- after explained. The following, therefore, will be the drawbacks to be paid on refined sugars of the manu- facture of this country, upon their being exported, or upon their being removed to the Isle of Man for con- sumption, aubject, however, to the payment of the island duty. 1. Upon refined sugar in loaf, complete and whole, or lumps duly refined, having been ptr fectly clarified and thoroughly dried in the stove, and being of an uniform whiteness throughout, for every cwt.,_ lös. _ 2. Upon such refined sugar already described, if pounded, crushed, or broken in a ware- house approved by the Commissioners of Customs, such sugar having been there first inspected by the officers of customs in lumps or loaves as if for imme- diate shipment, and then packed for exportation in the presence of such officers, and at the expense of the exporters, for every cwt, 153. , 3. Upon refined sugar unstoved, pounded, crushed, or broken, and not in any way inferior to the export standard sample No. 1, hereby approved by the Lords of the Treasury, and which shall not contain more than five per cent, moisture over and above what the same would contain if thoroughly dried in the stove, for every cwt. 14s. 3d. 4. Upon bas-ard or refined sugar unstoted, broken in pieces, or being ground, powdered, or crushed, not in any way inferior to the export standard sample No. 2, hereby approved by tho Lords of the Treasury, for the cwt. 13s. 3d. 6. Upon bastard or refined sugar, being inferior in quality to the said export sample No. 2, for every cwt. 1 Is. Adverting, however, to the difficulty of 'administering the regula- tions in respect to drawback*, and to the few ports to which the refining of sugar is confined, my Lords think it necessary to limit, at least for the present, the privi- lege of exporting sugars under the intermediate draw- backs to the following ports, viz., London, Liverpool, Bristol, Glasgow, and Greenock. THE CoTrox Citors or TUE UXITPU STATES -The cotton zone of the United Stotes, Professor Wilson in- forms us in his Special Report, may be considered as extending from the Atlantic Ocean to the Itio del Norte, and include« tho States of Georgia, South Ca- rolina, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, those portions of the States of North Carolina, Tennessee, and Ar- kansas that lie below 35" no.th latitude, all the State of Florida above the 27th parallel of north latitude, and all the State of Texas between the Gulph of Mex- ico and the Sith parallel of north latitude. This region occupies an area of upwards of 450,000 square miles, but it is estimated that, from variou-t causes, more than two-thirds of the territory in each State mentioned is not adapted to the advantageous growth of cotton. In 18Ö2 there were 6,300,000 acres of it under cultivation, and the total cotton crop raised amounted to 3,150,000 bales of dOulb. each ; of which Alabama produced 750,000 bales, and Georgia 740,000. The number of labourers employed to produce this crop was 787,000. There was, besides, an unemployed area of 39,200,000 acres, suitable for the growth of cotton, on which might have been grown an additional crop of 19,600,000 bales of 4001b. each, giving employment to 1,900,000 addi- tional labourers. The labour is estimated atan average of one man to each 4 bales, and the land is estimated at 2001b , produce per acre, or eight acres to each la- bourer. The cost of producing cotton necessarily varies according to the soil, climate, season, and skill employed. It appears from the moBt reliable estimates that it averages irom 4 7 cents to ü cents per lb., and that the net profit to the producer may be taken at from 10 to 20 per cent, upon his capital. Professor WilBon states that the per cent, increase of the pro- duction of cotton in the United Stated States has been regularly diminishing since the commencement of the present century, The total increase per cent, for the first 20 years of the century may be taken at 177, or 8.85 per annum ¡ for the next 15 years it was 119, or 7.CO per annum ; for the next 10 it declined to 58, or 5.95 per annum ; for the five years ending 1850 it reached only 15, or 3 per cent, per annum. In the same time the rate of home consumption has been increas- ing until it has reached 9 per cent, per annum. The per cent, increase in the production of the world has fallen in the last five years as low as 1.8 per cent, per annum, while the gross per ccntage of increase in con- sumption has been just 3.8 per cent, per annum. These relative rates (if production and consumption, the pro- fessor remarks, appear to contain matter worthy of consideration, * as such a condition of things cannot long continue-either the rate of production must be increased, or the power of consumption will of necessity be diminished. The receipts of the cotton crops are sub- ject to great variations, at one time going up for a few years, and then declining as rapidly. In twenty-five years the value of the cotton crops has six times reached the maximum, and five times the minimum , prices. The planters have an idea that short crops insure long prices ; but it appears that in the six years of high receipts, only one crop was a small one, while in the five years of low prices there were four small crops. Commercially speaking, two distinct kinds of cotton ure cultivated*«! the States, the long staple and the short staple. The first generally commands a considerably higher price than the latter, and the finest quality, " Sea Island," often brings a price very much exceeding the top market price. The long staple yields from 75 lb. to 1501b. ot cleaned fibre to the acre, and the short staple averages from 150 lb. to 250 lb. tb the acre. The cultivation of the long staple is con- fined to Georgia, South Carolina, and Florida; and, though considerable success has attended the tfforts made for the improvement of this kind of cotton, the results, the Professor informs us, have not proved so beneficial to the producers as might have been ex- pected. Not only has the amount of production been diminished, but prices have also gone down in a much greater proportion, and at the present time the value of long staple cotton ia less than it was thirty-five years ago. Colour and Dress.- Red Drapery.-Rose-red cannot be put in contact with the rosiest complexions without causing them to loao some of their freshness. Dark red is les,» objectionable for certain complexions than rose-red, because being higher than this latter, it tends to impart whiteness to them in consequence of contrast of tone. Green Drapery.-A delicate green is, on the contrary, favourable to all fair complexions which are deficient in rose, and which may have more imparted to them without inconvenience ; but it is not so favourable to complexions that arc more red than rosy, nor to those that havo a tint of orange mixed with brown, because the red they add to this tint will be of a brick-red hue. In the latter case a dark green will be less objectionable than a delicate green. Yel- low Drapery.-Yellow imparts violet to" a fair skin, and in this view itisless fat ourablc than delicate green. To thoBe skins which are more yellow than orange it imparts white ; but this combination is very dull and heavy for a fair complexion. When the skin is tinted more with orange than yellow, we can make it roseate by neutralising the yellow ; it produces this effect upon the black-haired type, and it is thus that it suits brunettes. Violet Draperies.-Violet, the comple- mentary of yellow, produces contrary effects ; thus, it imparts some greenish yellow to fair complexions ; it augments the yellow tint of yellow and orange skins. The little blue there may be m a complexion it makes green. Violet, then, is one of the least favourable co- lours to the skin, at least when it is not sufficiently deep to whiten itby contrast of tone. Blue Drapery.-B lue imparts orange, which is susceptible of allying itself favourably to white and the light flesh tints of fair completions, which have already a more or loss deter- mined tint of this colour. Blue ÍF, then, suitable to most blondes, and in this case jusiifies, its reputation. It will not suit brunettes, tince they have already too much of orange. Orange drapery.-Orange is too brilliant to be elegant; it makes fair comnlexions blue, whitens those which have an orange tint, and gives a green hue .to those,.of a yellow^tint.. White, drapery.-Drapery of á lustreless white,' such as cam* brie, muslin, assorts well with a fresh complexion, of which it reuet es the rose colour ; but it is unsuitable to complexions which have a disagreeable tint, because white always exalts all colours by îaising their tone ; consequently, it is unsuitable to those skins which, without having this disagreeable tint, very nearly ap proach it. Very light white draperies, such as mus- lin, plaited or point lace, have an entirely different aspect, lUuiilt drapery.-Black' drupeiies, lowering the tone of the colourb with whieh they are in juxta- position, whiten the skin ; but if the t crmilhon or rosy parta are to a certain point distant from the dra- pery, it will follow that, although lowered in tone, they appear relatively to the white parts of the skin contiguous to this same drapery, redder than if the contiguity to the bluck did not exist.-Uanaony of Co'ottrs, by M. E. Chevreul. A DOMHSTIC I'.vcr.-A -wife, remarkable for the t'diness and regularity of her household, one day neglected to have her beds made till the clay was pretty far advanced. She had an uncomfortable feeling, inusrnuch as the burne thing had not oc- curred for j cars before; but being engaged, she allowed one duty to take the place of another. A loud rap at the door annouuiod that some one urgently wished to be admitttd. Her husband had met with a serious décident, and w as brought home with his leg broken. This was indeed a calamity, but hovt greatly was it increased by the confunion ' in which it found her! Her husband had to be placed in an unmade bed, from which he could not tor a long time be removed, and this operated as a reproachto his wife, who endured as much uneasi- ness from this ono instance of neglect as she had de- rived comfort from her accustomed regularity. ORDER AT HOME.-One great source of evil to chil- dren, is the difference between their fathers and moth- ers concerning their faults, and the quarrels of which they are sometimes witnesses. Children cannot ho nour their parents when they see them quarrel ; and if, when the father corrects, the mother will fondle the child, or the reverse, the child will have its wav, and will be sure to repeat the fault. WIDOWS.-I hate widows. They are the very deuce. I've heard the heathen called benighted; they have sense enough to burn widows when their husbands die, and that's a step further in civilization than we have taken. There s nothing like 'em. If they make up their minds to marry, it's done. I know one that was terribly afraid of thunder and lightning, and every time a storm came up, she would run into Mr. Smith's house (he was a widower), and clasp her little hands, and fly around, till the man was h_lf distracted for fear she would be killed, and the consequence was, she was Mrs. John Smith before thTee thunder storms had rattled over her head. Wasn't that diplomatic ? Then there's that little blue-eyed widow Wilkins. Didn't she drop her prayer-book coming out of church for my handsome husband to pick up - And didn't I see him squeeze her hand when he handed it back to her? And when I told him a long rigmarole of a story going home to divert his mind from the little minx, didn't he answer " yes," "no," nt random, and laugh in the wrong place ? and didn't he the next morning put salt in his coffee, and sugar on his beefsteak ? And won't Bhe be Mrs. Samivel Jones, No. 2? Answer me that! I should like to cut her up into inch pieces with a dull jack-knife. But it's no use struggling against fate. I shall have to put my pride in my pocket, and tell Samivel it is my request that he should marry her when I am gone, and that will "pull wool" over the eyes of the people, and save his credit, for he'll have her, if an earthquake should be the consequence. It's astonishing widows will bo so indelicate as to doff their weeds. It's nothing more nor less than a walking advertisement for another husband. Mrs. Lee was spending a short time at the sea shore, in her new regimentals, -when one of the ladies at the tea table, struck with a sudden thought, said, very innocentlv :-"By the way, Mrs. Lee, where is your husband ?" I should have been very sorry to have told where he was, for the way he used to swear when he talked was awful to mention ! Now, what a glorious example I'd be to the sex, if Providence should seo fit to make me a widow ! I wonder if Samivel will pop off ! I should hate to put my curls behind my ears ; but I'd do it, and I wouldn't as much as look at a man, unlecs it was Tom King. Wonder if he'd marry nie ! ' Well ¡-there now, I've spoke in meeting ! It can't be helped now, as Deacon Smith Baid, when MB daughter surprised him, in kissing Widow Moore-" It's natur, Sally, it's natur !" -Fanny Fern. THE NATIONAL HH.YKT.-Concerning the manifold ways, says Mr. R. Montgomery, in which the heart, or leading disposition of a country4s formed, we are indebted to Mr. Basil Montagu, focone of the finest passages in English literature. It is extracted from a sermon preached in 1800, before the University of Cambridge, by Dr. Ramsden :-" We will venture to say how, in the mercy of God to man, this heart comes to a nation, and how its exercise or affection appears. It comes by priests, by lnw-givers, by philosophers, by schools, by education, by the nurse's care, by the mother's anxiety, the father's severe brow. It comes by letters, by science, by every art ; by sculpture, painting, and poetry ; by the song on war, on peace, on domestic virtue, on a beloved and magnanimous king ; by the Iliad, by the Odyssey, by tragedy, by comedy.' It comes oy sympathy, by love, by the mar- riage union, by friendship, generosity, meekness, temperance, by every virtue and example of virtue. It comes by sentiments of chivalry, by romance, by music, by decorations, and magnificence of build- ings, by the culture of the body, by comfortable clothing, by fashions in dress by luxury and com- merce. It comes by the severity, the melancholy, and benignity of the countenance ; by rules of polite- ness, ceremonies, formalities, solemnities. It comes bv the right« attendant on law and religion j by the oáth of office, by the venerable assembly, by the judges' procession and trumpet, by the disgrace and punishment of crimes ; by public prayer, public fasts, by meditation, by the Bible, by the consecration of churches, by the sacred festival, by the cathedral's gloom and choir ; by ca'et-hising, by confirmation, by the burial of the dead, by the observance of the Sab- bath, by the Sacraments, by the preaching of the Gospel, by faith in atonement of the cross, by tho patience and martyrdom of the saints, by the sancti- fying influences of the Holy Ghost. Whence the heart of a nation comes, wo have per- haps sufficiently explained, and it must appear to what most awful obligations are held those from whom this heart takes its texture and shape ; our kings, our princes, our nobles ; all who wear the badge of office or honour; all priests, judges, senators, pleaders, in- terpreters of law ; ull instructors of youth, all semi- naries of education, all parents, all learntd men, all professors of science and heart, all teachers of mannen. Upon them depend the fashions of a nation's heart ; by them it is to be chastised, refined, and purified : by them is the State to lose the character and title of the beast of prey ; by them arc the iron scales to fall off, and a skin of youth, beauty, freshness, and polish to come upon it ; by them it is to be made so tame and gentle that a child may lend it." THE NEWTON l_sriMoxiA_.-In accordanco with the recommendation of a committee of gentlemen, that a meeting should bo held for the purpose of taking steps for raising a monument to Sir Isaac Newton, a meeting of numerous scientific gentlemen and friends of science was hold on Wednesday, in one of the large courts of St. George's Hall, the Eatl of Harrowby presiding on the occasion. After some discussion, re- solutions in accordance with the objects and _ recom- mendations of ihe committee were unanimously agreed to. Cardinal Wiseman is sojourning at a little watering place culled Tiley, seven or eight miles south of Scar- borough, where he daily disports himself in scarlet gloves, scarlet cravat, in " short, with as much Tyrian or Babylonian dye about hitn as a cardinal should have. "He was on a stroll one day and met with auld Betty Fenwick. They got into talk together (as old women are wont to do), and he asked Betty, amongst other things, if she had nny objection to a shilling. " Nea, zur," said Betty, "I've nae objection at aw, if it nobbut comes t'reet way." "Well, my good woman, if it comes through Cardinal Wiseman do i you think it comes the right way ." Betty thought I not, and she indignantly refused it. The boatmen at Filey have such a superstitious dread of his Eminence, that they will not take him out to sea. He has been ^refused more than once,-Correspondent of the John Bull. A CEXTEXAKTAN.- A few days ago the remains of John Battle were buried in the old parish churchyard, Trowbridge, Wiltshire. He had reached the advanced age of 103. It is stated that the deceased was horn in Ireland in 1731. In 1780 he escaped from a pressgang, by whom he was captured, and carno to Trowbridge. He obtained employment as a navigator, in the forma- tion of the Kennet and Avon Canal, where he worked for very many years. Since that time he has been employed in various ways, and years ago he travelled with hardware goods, &c;, as a servant to Mr. Joseph Tresoldi, who had then an establishment in Trow- bridge, and for many years was in the service of Mr. Wickham, as a candlemakcr, by whose generosity he was decently buried. He had bsen confined to his home for some weeks, and was previously able to get about tolerably well. ,'- ,i Tun IKO>- TKAI>_.-BIHMIXGJIAM, September 23. As was anticipated, the preliminary meeting of the ironmasters, held here to-day, has resulted in u deter- mination to maintain the present prices. Besides the comparatively buoyant state of the trade, this resolu- tion might have been expected from the circumstance that the bulk of the orders now coming in are for rail- ways, ship-building, and other heavy purposes, and are, consequently, such as are chiefly taken by the larger manufacturers, by whom these resolutions are controlled. It may have also been influenced by the circumstance that, pigs having lately fallen 10s. per ton, the «moller makers will probably accept orders under the list prices, as, indeed, is nearly always the | case. 