¡fern AMERICA.-The feat of navigating the Atpf-n by steam has been accomplished, and hence- forth uno °f steamers will traverse its waters rcgu. laÂ; from the ocean to the Andes. The steamer wj§it first made the ascent belonged to a Brazilian coinony. As soon as it entered the Peruvian part oí tl&ivcr; the Brazilian flag was lowered, and the Peivian run up in its place, that other nations might notrgc as n reason for opening the navigation of the xjjy to the world that a foreign Hag lind been used ia tfttPeruviant waters. New Grenada, Ecuador, Peru, ¿«Bolivia are willing to allow the United States to tgate the tributaries of the Amazon which traverse : territories, but Brazil, with the most pitiful IJjefulness, stands at the mouth of the river and tbr 'b-s the entrance of all foreign vessels. Our govern %it will not long submit to tliis dog-in-thc-manger ferit. We have a right to pass up this river to enjoy íf-mdc which is offered to us hythe people upon its fjtd waters ; and if Brazil continues her stupid oppo -lion she must bo taught the comity of nations in fiphatic style. One of the steamers bêlonsins to the '.azilian company, and destined for. the navigation of c Amazon, has already been lost ; the two others, ken out from New York to navigate the Peruvian ibutaries, have been put together at Para and would ion be ready to commence their trips. Those who ere eager, a few months ago, to dash off to the v,il erness where gold was said to he picked up by the ushel have reason to congratulate themselves that C Hey did not carry out their intention. Corrcspon -"lcnts from Peru declare the stories nbout the riches of I | ¡he Amazon to be sheer fabrication ; and, we leam, [ many of those who hurried off from this city to be the , first on the ground are now wandering about the .streets of Lima at a loss what to do. As soon as they reached the country, mid learned the true state of things, they of course abandoned all idea of making the painful journey across the mountains from the sea coast to the river. Many, like their countrymen who had boen enticed by similar stories to Australia, ex housted theil- means in reaching Lima, and arc now compelled to remain there against their will. We are not surprised at this result ; it is just whit might have been expected-just what we predicted. Such mon are entitled to no sympathy whatever.-Cali- fornian Paper. GOOD Fittiuv AT ST. PETER'S.-The candles on the altar_ were yellow, in token of grief; hut none were burning, to represent the supernatural darkness. No incense ascended during the service, nor was any bene- diction uttered. The Pope, preceded by a cross, en- tered, clothed in mourning robes, he also having laid aside his ring. After kneeling a few seconds in silence before the altar, ho took his scat on the tlirone, and the service began -with the chanting of some prayers. Then followed what I sholl never forget, the intoning by three priests of the narrative of the Pas- sion by St. John, the only Apostle who followed his Lord to the Cross, and was an eye-witness of his suf- ferings. It was read or sung dramatically- though without action or any repulsive aiming at effect. The peculiarity consisted in each priest assuming n distinct Îiart. Thus, one of them recited only the words of the listonan ; the second, those uttered hy our Lord ; while the third carne in at the different points of the story, with the language of Pilate and other subordinate actors. The most startling effect was produced by the ehoir personating the rabble, and in wild iingry tones, shouting, " Not this man, but Barbabas ! " and " Crucify him, crucify him !" I must confess that this part of the service, in which no words hut those of inspiration wero employed, and these so loucliingly descriptive of the most momentous event in tho world s history, affected me very deeply. But when at the words " inclinato capite tradidit spiritum,"-." ho bowed tho head and gave up tho ghost"-the Pope and the Car- dinals rose from their seats and knelt, and all the con- gregation knelt, and the voices of the priests -.vere still, and an intense silence prevailed for several minutes, I could not remain on my feet, as 1 had so often done amidst a kneeling crowd. I bent with all around me ; for thero was no outward object held up, it was at the majesty of the truth which had been read-it was to the siiffcring Saviour, of whose ngonics wo had just heard. * I could not restrain my tears ; and earnest were then ray prayers that the crucified One might reign moro fully in my own heart and in that of all my friends, and that in His mcicy he would remove that veil of superstition which so concealed the full brightness of His Gospel from those who, amid so many corruptions, still held this great central truth of His mediatorial "death. Whatever some of my Protestant readers may think of it, I felt plea- sure at the time, and I'feel pleasure now in the re- membrance, that amid so very many things in which I felt compelled openly to manifest my non-concur- rence", there was one act of worship in which I could conscientiously join. Surely it would have been the exaggeration of Protestantism to refuse to kneel with die Romanists in silent prayer at the rending of the narrative of the Saviour's death. HORNE TOOKI: wiri« A BOY.-When Horne was about fourteen or fifteen years of age, at Eton, in construing a passage in a Latin author, the master asked him why some ordinary construction, the rule of which was very familiar, obtained in the passage. Tho pupil replied ho did not know, on which the maBter, provoked by his ignorance or perverscness, caused him to*be flogged, a punishment which he received with perfect sangfroid and without a murmur. The master then put the question to the next boy in the class, who readily gave the answer, whatever it was, as laid down among the common rules in the Eton grammar. ^Ihc master said, "Tnkc him. down-a blockhead, on which Horne burst into tears, which the master ob- serving as something not readily intelligible, exclaimed " Why, what is the meaning of this r"-Horne replied, " I knew the rule as well as he did ; hut you asked me the reason, which I did not know. -"Mv boy, I nm afraid I have done you some wrong. I will make you the best reparation 1 can," and, taking down a Virgil from his bookcase, lie subscribed' it as a presentation copy with his own name, and presented it to Tooke, tit the same time taking bim back to the class, and restoring lum to the place he had apparently lost. - Jordan'& Autobio- graphy. 