GOOD FRIDAY IN ST. PETERS.-~ she fotllming extracts are taken from a work enttled "The Land of -the Fornmas'ind the etiti s," by Newrman Hall, B.At, a Dissenting: )he canle on the altar were yellow, in token! TI rief; hadl onte were burning, to represelnt tce inlerananral dahkness.- No incenice ascended hain- the service, nor was any benediction utI tered. The l'ope, preceded by.n cross, entered, Ioehtedin mourning robes, he also having laid ,ide his ring. After kneeling a few seconds iu Iidre before the altar, he took his seit on thes ret Ree ,,nd l.e servico began with the chnnline. t ?on.e rayers. TheIl followod what I shall "ter forget, the intoning by three priests of the "r?.rtive of ithe Passion of St. Jolhns, the only .1o,tle who followed his Lord to tile cross, andi -;, an eve-witness of his sufferings. It wais rl dorsunpg ramatienlly--ihotlh wiohioit actioli tr ant' spilsivo aiming at effect. The pent liarit eoisisted in each priest assuming a dis litet.pnrt. Thus, one of them recited only ith t?ls of the hisitornin ; the second, those uttered Ir er Lord; while the third came in 'at the 'i:ereft points of the story, with the langnsoa f illte, and other subordinate actors. The Init stnrtling effect was produced by the choii Ironating the rabble, and in wild angry tones lt,,o, " Not this man, but Barabbas !" and 'Creitfv him, crucify him !" I muast confess l tHi part of the service, in which no words ut those of inspilratio were employed, and these Stouchingly dicc.iptive of the most momentous ,int in the worai?'s history, .ffected, me very ,phn. But when at the words "inclinnto capite rvidit spiritlnm"-" he bowed the head and are up the ghost"-the Pope and the Cardrinals a from their seats and knelt, and nall the con a:,tion knelt, and the voices of the priests 't still, andl ani ienise silence prevailed for eeral minutes, I co!d not remain on. my feel, I hoil so often done amidst a kneeling crowd lent with ill around me; for there was no utoard cliect held up-it was at the majesty of te truth whlich had been read- it was to the rtfering Saviotir, of whose agonies we had just eard. I coull not restrain my tears; and ear. a?t were then my prayers; flint the crucified los ight reign more fully in my own heart anil. a would remove that reil of -superstition which Sconceanled the full brightness of His Gospel Ai those who, amid so many corruptions, still 5ld this great central truth of His mediatorial atlh. Whatever some of my Protestant reniders ,ai think ot it, I felt pleastire at the time, and feel pleasure now in the remembrance, that aid so veryay ny things in which I felt com elled openly to manifest my non- conoarrence, ere nas onse act of worshlp in which I coult 'acientiously join. Surely it would have been e iexag""esation of Protestantism to refuse to reel with the Romanists in silent rnyetr at the ading of the narrative of the Saviour's death. After wandering about for some time, enjoy nz the sense of mysterious gransdeur which in he gathering gloom of night pervaded that 'lhty temple, our attention was attracted to ie garet entrance, where we saw, approaching .m the scala regia of the Vatican, the Pope nt Cardinals in solemn procession. His IHuh .s was on toot, attended by all the great eers of his court, tand the chief dignatturies of S.e Church. The proeession was headed asnd in e.l on both aides by priests hearing torches. iewed pictorially, it was a most beauntifil sight that gorgeous array of prelates with the Pope eiself at their head, their varied robes thrown nt in strung light, solmntly and slowly niovig the majestic nave, whose lotg recesses of deep tadow wer only partlinlly invaded by the blazing rehlies, whic flh g their flielering gtnre now snealh one mighty arch, and now beneath an ther, tlbt'ding glimpses of th?e diversified and 'itless groups which were moving about in all And snow they are just Ieneath the dome, and ep opposite osne of the four immense piers on t:eh it rests. On looking up, swe see at a great -iht a shall gallery, in which, by. the light of r.e candles which they bear, we can just dis rn two or three priests. One of these was Ieeing up and down in a most pompouswnva, laing the relics, followed by two other d?ts with folded hands, looking very sancti nions. He held up what seemed a glass case, :a old frame, which sparkled. brilliantly, as if :t with diamonds It coitained the headl of ithe anr with which Christ was pierced! The oit holds it on one side, then on the other, Se!, rates it on fra.nt-nud see ! the Poipe and ' ,ineals have ,il: prostrated themselves on the :tle pavent nt, in humble 'adoration before it! .e second relic was then exhibited in the same nneer;a b it, they say, of the true cross, about ree inches long. Lastly came the cloth of St. roniea, The legend states that our Lord, on s way to Calvary, being much he.ited unler s lerden of the cross, a Jonung woman,Veronica, tnded him lher lhandkeelhief to wipe his face :m the perslration, and that when he retursned Stoer it bore the impl ession of his features . Th vecry halndkerehief beariig this miraculous itness they claim to show at St. Peter's on 'd Fridae, and to this I saw Pope and Car prostrated in adoration. * o a After I",asoing prostrate during the several minutes , ec sere occupied in the disphly of these ricities, the Popje anl Cardinals rose up from ie lpavement, ansI left the church as they had ,tered it; the only object of their visit heing, to 't this public example to the Roman Catholic 'erd how the re.'ics of the Church should be teratedt and adored. tn ith quite as much out ari wsllil' as they treatedl what they believed te the real presence of Christ in the sacra ::', did they waorship these bits of iron, wood, ed linen. Comment is needless; argument ill a Celsase, a true work of supererogation. I saw , myself. 