( OÍ.IUKK.. (I'uiiLtPHED DAILY.) WEDNESDAY AI-TERNOON, AUGUST 16. & t cr nur c1 &h;'oöyri-?. A LECTURE Delivered before the HOIIART TOWN CHURCH SOCIETY, August, 1854. A WORKING CHURCH. ? BY THE Rnv. F. II. COX, U.A. TUE position of a Lecturer, so far as my little experi- ence enables mo to form au opinion, is by no means au enviable one. Called to a position of anomalous importince and quasi-authority,- entrusted with a subject upon winch he is expected to say all that can be said, and perhaps a little more,-ho nius't needs run the risk of appearing to dogmatizo and lay down the law, as it' the chair of the teacher, which hu holds for an hour, invested him with the rights and title of a "Sir Orach-." And all the while this lecturer cannot but know or believe that there are tho.se among his auditory who might rather teach bim than be taught by bim, and who, though they say not a word, arc silently judging him beC.ru the tribunal of their grave opinion, perhaps condemning his most favourite view, or disputing /// Mo some po.-ition that he believes to be impregnable. Am 1 not right in premising that there is nothing enviable in this,--that the deliveiy ol'a lecture is a task which no iu.au, unless clothed in triple brass, would take upon himself, - to which if be consents, it is from that infirmity ol' human kindness which knows not how to re.-iist the importunity of a friend, or else from the humble hope that a work which must be done by somebody, may be done even by him. Feelings of this kind (if I know mysolf.it all) have alone induced me to come bdfore' you now as a lecturer upon the subject of a " Working 1 burch." You will then, I am sure, grant me your forbearance, and a kindly consideration of whatsoever 1 may bring forward ; and I can with all honesty appeal to you iii the words of the old Iloratian request, Si quid novisti reclius istis, Candidas impertí: sinon, bis ubre mecum. Or,-in plain Kiiglish,-if in the course of my remarks 1 utter any opinion which any hearer is able to correct or to add to, or in any way to improve upon,-even though it be by'meeting it with a direct negative, - I do hope that that hearer will oblige mc and this auditory by stating after the lecture wherein he thinks 1 have spoken wrongly, or might have spoken better. Of course I shall feel no loss obliged, it', on the other hand, any one shall be able to confirm by his approval any statement or opinion that I may advance. Wo meet here, I imagine, on these occa- sions, for.the purpose of eliciting truth, and edifying one another-and in this way half au-huui's discus- sion after a lecture might be more profitable than the lecture itself. "And so, without further preface, I will enter upon the subject that 1 have named-"A Working Church.'' I sha'll have to show you, first, what aro the characteristics of such a Church -what it must be in order to enable it to work,-and, secondly, what the work is that it has to do, and how it will endeavour to do it. I. First, then, we have to consider the characteristic marks of a working Church. And these, again, will divide themselves into two, when wo como to regard thom negatively and positively, and say what such a Church must not be as well as what it Hi'--*i be. 1\. As to the former, the negative characteristics, the word working almost Fpjaks for itself. It is evident that a working body of any kind, whether singular or social, will not be a body that is always .asleep, nor a body that is always at play and dressed in bouda}' attire, nor a bo ly that morely pretends to work and makes a little show when meii are looking at it, nor a body that is tender "of its complexion and keeps its bands soft, lives by the exertions of others, and has nothing to do but to reckon its rout-rail and spend its income. . None of those things correspond to one's idea of a worker in any shape: and theicforo they belong not to the idea of a working Church. And yet there have been Churches that have fallen under one or another part of this" fatal description. The Church of Sanlis must have boen a Church inore than half- asleep, whou the Divine message was sent to it, " I kuow thy works, that thou hast a name that thou livest, and art dead." The Church of Laodicea must have boon < at play with its momentous interests,' and putting its trust iu external show, when it said to itself, " I am rich and increused with goods, and' have need of nothing," and knew not " that it was wretched and miserable, mid poor, and blind, and naked." The Churches of Greece and the Levant at this day appear to fall too deservedly under the reproach of dragging on a listless, drowsy existence, barely sustained by the mechanical routine of the services of their monasteries. The continental churches of Europa surely are holiday-keepers rather than hard workers,, whoso hold upon their people is mainly kept by the' excitement of public shows and frequent processions. And I fear the Church of England (iii tho last century for example, not to speak of other times) has been tempted to roly upon her comfortable establishment, has wrapped herself up in her worldly respectability, and forgotten the labour of tilling the soil of her .Master's vineyard, and reaping Ids harvest of souls, -until some Wesley or Whitfield passing by, shamed her into exertion, and compelled her to be up and doing, lest the reward of faithful service should be taken from her, and given to another God grant that that awakening, whatever may have been its first inducement, may uow at least be thorough and effectual, and that she may labour not with eye service, as a men-pleaser, but as the servant of Christ, doing the will of God from the heart-that she may be indeed a working Church, and that her work may abide I 2\. What then is a working Church? Since these are not its characteristics, what are they ? A nd I answer this question by again referring you to the analogy of any other working body.- A true and good worker must bo sound, vigorous and- healthy,-must possess ftgood constitution, .'be, well organised, and contem- plate distinctly the object that it lias to work for. And when we speak' of sound health and vigour in a Church, we are indeed going deep, into first princi- ples, and handling things real, earnost, and spiritual. Our thoughts go back at once to the original pattern of all working Churches, as the acts and, writings of the Apostles have recorded it. We call to mind the days when the members of the first Church were men and women full of the Holy Ghost, and enabled to work with a divine strength. Tho external machinery of that day may'havo been somewhat rudo and imper- fect, but tho innermost spring of action was there. There could bo no question about, it. The Apostolic Christians were " sanctified in Christ Jesus, called to be saints,"-" not conformed to this world, but transformed by the renewing of their winds." This explains the wonderful heroism and energy of their outward life, so fur as it has been noted down for our observatimi. It accounts for their enthusiaiiio at- tachment to one another, their brotherly love develop- ing itself in a community of goods, the total abnega- tion of self-interest, whieh led the rich and wealthy among them to bring their possessions and lay them down at the Apostles' feet. What was the source of this nobly-flowing stream? It was the spiritual mind their thorough conversion and fervent faith. They regarded themselves as " children of God by faith in Jesus Christ," and therefore as brethren to one another. Now, it would be mere blindness in us to envy them tho residís of their Christianity, unless we uro prepared to go back with thom to ita son co - mero idle talk, for us to say lo ourselves, l| Oh, for suc'i days to come again, when the rich of this world might part with their riches for the Gospel's sake," unless we are prepared to advocate and promote in our own hearts and lives a revival of the heavenly principle which alone led those mon so to net. So then, 1 will venture to l.iy down this as a necessary ¡ixion» \- A Church, to be a working Church, must be sound a'id vigorous at heart that is to s.iy, the Christian people who compuse it must bo Christians of the true Jxriptuinl sort, men of faith mid prayer, unworldly, meek and lowly in heart, who " have putolf the old man With his deeds, and have put on the new man," even the Lord Jesus Christ. If you tell mc it is hopeless and Utopian to expect to find all the morn» liai'ti of any Church corresponding to this description, 1 admit that in the visible field of this world there will ever be tares mingled with the who it, but still*! insist that the wheat must bo there tli.it such Christians as 1 have described will be the true strength of tho Church that it must be a working Church if it has them within it, tint it cannot bo, if it lus thom not. Nothing will compénsate for the want of thisc^scntial -h sound faith, recorded in creeds and confessions mid carefully kept, is a great treasure, but it will not (hy itself) save any Church from becoming lifcljss - tliu possession of the Scriptures, a pure form of wor- ship, a wise church- government, a completo organiza- tion, all aro more or less good and precious, but no ono of these good things, nor nil of them put together, will give vigour and activity to a Church, K its members be not quickened in their hearts nnd souls with the renewing strength of the Holy Ghost. And this, surely, is the meaning of our own lOlh Article,'in defining a Church to he "a congregation of faithful men, in which the pure word of God is prunclïud, À;.d the snemmunts duly adminis- tered." The mero preaching of the pure word, and due administration of the sacraments, will not make a Church. The men among whom these things are done must be themselves faithful men. That is the foundation upon which all the acts of the body rest. 1 ask you then to consider whether this be not the one positive essential characteristic of a working Church, that ils members be a people endued with vital Chi istiauity after the pattern of the Gospel. I j say the one characteristic, for I believe that this tine i will secure all other necessary .things, which must I needs follow in their place. 1 do not hear much about tile ritual, and ministry, and church-government, and I articles of religion of the Apostolic Christians; but I do hear that.they were citizens of heaven, and I can safely conclude that, being this, they were not suffered to want whatever was good for their edification ; that they would ha supplied with a true creed and all godly, order. Aiid again I say, the one essential characteristic for HIIIIU ' thing» that might perhaps bu ranked us essentials, 1 c innot admit to this dignity. For example, whether a chuicli be established or M iiou-eMablishcd, persecuted or in lavour with men, \ < nell or poor, newly- founded or ancient, possessing one or another form of government,-bow can any of these things bo essential to the being or integrity "of a Chu ch ? What are they but accidental circumstances that may supervene upon its existence, and may in some sort afi'eet it as being favourable or unfavourable to its working, but do not give it the power of workiug, and cannot take it away ? li. If I have thus rightly stated the characteristics of the Church whosj existence we are supposing, we are now prepared to enter on. the consideration of the actual work that it has to do. This is (speaking generally) to proclaim and bear witness to the Gospel to malee known to all who come within its reach the good tidings of salvation, and to encourage and strengthen those who have already received this good tidings. The Church's commission was con- veyed in tiie original command of our Lord, "Go ye and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them." This implied the care of the baptized, as well as the bringing in ol' the heathen and unconverted. And when we descend from the general to particulars, we find that obedience to this commission embraces a vast variety of practical details, which the Church has to deal with, not nt hap-haznrd, but each in its proper place und turn, according to an organized plan and system. Now, in practice, in our own Church, this plan presents it=elf to our view in a well-known and continually repeated form. The parish or con- gregation forms a centre round which all cliurch work groups itself; and as that work extends, all that can hi done is to multiply the.« parochial centres, and the combination of many parishes becomes a dince.se. Suuh is our existing organization || -whether the best possible, is not now the question ¡I . we will lake things as they ure. And since each P'irt is thus complete in itself, it may be suflieient for our purpose if I lake the separate parish or congrega- tion, and its work, us representing, for practical pur- poses, though it-be only in miniature, tho. Church and its work. This way of treating the subject has one evident, recommendation, that a person in my position may so speak of it with some degree of experience, and therefore (it is to be hoped) without presumption. The parish, then, or congregation (for the congre- gation may be taken as the living representativo of the parish) has its pastor and its lay-members. These together form, one united body-, mutually associated in acts of faith and charity. And though, of the members of this body, the pastor may have the most important office, yet the bead cannot say to the feet, " I have no need of yon," any moro than the feet to the head, "We have no*need of theo." It is the business of all alike, to help one another. Of course, the pastor's bnsiness first and above all. He has to give himself wholly to the spiritual care of his flock. Upon bis holiness and zeal everything hinges. If he is a mere actor, performing a part, tho people will stand around bim in dumb-show : if he sleeps, they sleep ; if he is dead, they die ; if his ministry is the ministry of the Spirit, then it may be safely reported that God is in their, of a truth. I will say no more on this head. But the lay members have thoir duties, too, towards one another and towards their pastor. Some of them may nearly approach bim in opportunities of influence. Let them once fairly grasp the idea of Churck memburship-that all the members aro to help one another, that no one is isolated from the rest-and such opportunities will soon come within their reach. Take one or two examples. There ii the demi ni a family, possessing more or less of viuililly stutioii nnd the means ol' doing gooil,-. educiitloi) H ml that kind oí'ítaiiiliog »mung hi« felluw im-n which mny li» truly culled ?'respectable." Do such u person's duties end when he bus been a good citiseii, u good husband and father and muster? Surely not ; lie Is » member ol'the body ol' Christ, und in that body are rnuuy members weaker Ihun himself. They liiive n claim upon his strength ; now this does not merely mean upon his pocket (l'1"' favourite symbol of »ireiigih with u large ela»» of people), it menus, upon his Christian ministry-I use the word advisedly-they remind him thai he lins received his superior - influence as n talent in trust for the good of those who have less. And when he see» living round »bout bim a number of persons more or less ignorum, and poor, mid trodden doun by the usage» of Ibis world, or delmsed by their own habits ol life, he culls lo mind lils greater responsi- bility us a Christian man, und strives lo fulfil ii hy lift, iug up, and visiting, mid comforting, mid guiding his neighbours. A Church, to be a Working Church, will ?urely be able lo count upon some such agents as these, nut pressed unwillingly into her service, but standing »y .i It wer« ia ibelr own line, and »Imply doing ths woik which their hand flint« lo do. Or take the cat« of a young man, without much per- sonal influence, bul ponesaing nome measure of educa* lion and a lillie spate lime. He look* about io iee how he ihall place Ai« talent in the bank, JO that it muy increase lo the honour uf Hit Muller. And he find» a portion ot the Church's machinery, ju-t tailed to hi* IMIUI. . .... o . There it that moat valuable Initliution, Hie Sunday school.- a bleiilng, as It ii continually proved io I»*,both to those who leach mid tho*e who are taught in it. For I »»mino Hint the Sundiiyichool I«, what it ia-now pretty generally umlenlood lo be, nota icheme l'or imposing a little esiru drudgery oí teaching upon children who are thought to receive too lillie upon Ihe week-day (an abuse that it would be Impossible to de- fend), but an opportunity fora labnur ol' love, in which . he truHis ol ihu Gospel ure rendered interesting to the young by the very persu asivenei« of the way in which they »re imparted-hy Ihe fact that those who leach do so upon no other motive than because they love the work unit those lor whom they work. My o«n etpe riente convinces me that it is hardly possible to extol too highly the value ol the Sunday-school in its place in the general machinery of the Church; and I helieve lluil the young man whose case I am supposing could lind no buller oppor- tunity than ihi» for the employment of hit talent. I care not in what station of life he may'move--whether in a profession or a trade-? whether he be a. student or a mechanic, if he be only a true-hearted Christian and " apt to teach," there will bo d woik tor him to do here, which he may do to the glory of God, and to the good of his generation. But, 1 would say, if possible, let the Sunday School embrace volunteers from all ranks. On the one lund, th^re is something noble in the choicest gilts of a refined intellect, being devoted to the instruction of Christ's little ones-on the other, there is a kind of heroism in self-sacrifice of him who, after a week of toil, will not indulge himself on the Lord's Day with the ease that ho might fairly claim, but cheer- fully gives up two or three hours of his only leisure that he may be a helper in the pastoral charge of the lambs of the flock. Yes, by all means let these will- ing workers meet together and leam to love and esteem each other ; whatever they may bo in the world, iu the Church they are one, and brethren. 1 hardly know which is the worse error ; for the upper classes (as they are called) to appropriate the Sunday School to themselves, or to leave it to be caird for by their inferiors, as if it were beneath the notice of pur sons of education and refinement. The latter enor is perhaps the more common of the two, but a Working Church will surely reject both. Or take another case - and this time it shall be from the other sex. The gentle-woman,-truly so called, -gentle in all the movements ol her life, and still more in the hidden movements of her heart ; having affections and sympiithk-s such as we men can only talk about ; does it not seem that asif she might find a work in the body of Christ as u comforter to the sick and' afflicted, and especially among those of her own sex. As a friend to the many who need n friend, giving advice where she can, and that which is better than advice, sisterly sympathy and kindness. 1 was speak- ing just now of the Sunday-school-and there too is a woik. for Christian women ; but who does not know that after girls have passed their school-days, thuy need more than ever some gentle holy influence which may counteract the temptations of mi evil world? And their own homes, too often, fail to supply this influence-would it be too much to expect that it should be found in a larger yet not less true home, such as the Church of Christ might be ? Or if this be counted visionary, then I ask, what do we mean when we talk of Christian brethiou and sisters, and Hie Chin eli being one luniily? Are these reiilly no heller than idle words, for which we must give account? Bul indeed, here and lhere, many ol us must have known ¡nsluiices in which Christian woman bund lus been found thus employed- daughters ol con- solation muí sisieri of mercy (really such, though not perhaps called by the miine) go about their gentle minis- try quietly and unobtrusively, and u blessing follows tliein. Of course every good thing is liable to be per- verted-second motives come in and mar what other- wise would be lovely-mid so, in this case, it is quite possible thal the very romance of such a work as ibis m ly uuconsci'Uisly «viirp the mind (perhaps especially the female mind)-leading to the neglect ol' more obvious and homely duties and Ihe claims of parents »nil sisters, (or Hie s ike of some imaginary, cull-.lor in ri such a case it could not be n real one-to go forth and A do deeds of mercy ntirond. Hut still, while we guard ' against this mistaken kimi of teal, let us not lie afraid to maintain thal teal has in work, and a work in which I I »omen may well bear their purl. I I Ami then there aro Hie uioie general und ordinary opnortuuitie*, such as all Christians hive, if they will lint use them. II ilieie were not. «here would he the work for the lind, willi its many members? It is hut here and lhere one who can have charge and influence mer u district, or can undertake to he a Sunday- school leacher, or a régulai visitor of ihe sick. What shall the lest ii» ? I iepeai> lli-re is noone bul lins some means of doing good, if he will hut look out fir them. D.t you, first of all, desire to he yourself a true Clirisiiuii.uml »otncihiiig more tluiii a nominal Church member? If not, then indeed you have a woik iodo with your own heart, and until you have Liken this in hand, it would be mere folly lo think of looking alirouil ? Hut if your own profession he sincere, if you are a true believer and a faithlul worshipper, you will nut be long, I think, in finding out how you may. let your light shine before men. You muy not, perhaps, wish lo undertake any special charge- very likely you would shrink Irom that with the feeling that made j, I David decline Saul's armour-you had rather remain ttt Mich as you are without binding yourself lo the duties of H new office. The question r, what is thnie for you lo do, in your quiet way, as it weie in llieback-gioniid of Ihe Church > Let us see. You have fiietid« and neighbours. S une of Idem probably are more or less careless of religion. Vou would be glad to see them li I «hanged. Can you du nothing lo In ing this about, j[ | because you arc nut an ordained pastoi, or even n dis- trict visitor? Surely these people are ihiowu 'UMour way now and then, perhaps frequctiilt,-and you have opportunities of saving a word to llieui (one word may be better than many) of thal which is in your heart. One perhaps is a Miauger lo the House ol God -lie will resist the advice thal a minister or formal visitor m.iy gi»e bim on this head, for the very natural reason that he is u stranger tiieie-lie has never been to C lurch, he has a thick ice to break through before lie cm change the custom of his life lint he will very likely weld lo your friendly disinterest ed offer lo call ami lake bim willi you as your companion. You may break I lie ¡ce for bim, though perhaps he would never break it for liimsell. Another pet haps you may win by lending a bonk that has struck you in your own reading, or hy some one of the many acts o I neigh houily kindness thal could not he now enumerated. Ami you will find other work lo do besides this his not likely that you will he always the strong helping the weak-on the coutiary, you will he con- scious of tour own weakness, and among your fellow members in Christ'* body you will tirnbibly meet with those who can strengthen you. Wliv should you not cultivate intercourse «rilli them? Why not break through the resvtve which would keep you from asking counsel of those Who are able to give it? Are they members of Christ? So are you. You have a claim upon th«in. Their position in the woild may be equal or superior to your own-the world very likely lins built up some barrier between you-but never mind, the sympathy of a common Chiistiauity, if only ii he sincere, will tetnuve alf harriers ; they are of the same family, though ihey seem lo be so disímil. Yes ; and you will help them by making iliem your helpers,' for in Christian counsel and mutual edification, quite ns much as in any earthly good, it is more blessed to give than to receive. I lay the more siren upon the iniercuminuniou of work, one with another, and the brotherly nature of all Chutch work, because I fear that there is a ten deney among us io conflue the range of out Christian operations lu certain acts of condescension dom the rich io ilio poor. I remember a lady saying that she always dressed well when she visited the cottages, hecuuse she thought thal in thal way her visit was more appreciated-it produced au effect. Ihe person I »peak of was by Ho means deficient in kindness and good intentions, and I lake her reinuik as expressing a feeling which is not uncommon, though it may not always shiny itself in that particular mode. There i« uti impression afloat, thal if those who have money and time will givw their money and time, and those who need io be helped and looked after, will gratefully receive what ihe others have lo give, then ull is done. But in this way we quite miss the Gospel idea of ihe mutual comfort and encouragement that is derived from the possession of a common faith. There ii no I, I leoiprocaiion of brotherly offlces. Moreover, see how ni j narrow the field uf operation becomes ; what . large nutnhei of Christian people are" practically eicluded I g1 from ii. There seems toba room in this would be) »f Working Church of ours fur only the rich and t|ie needy, Hie gentry und the " unwashed '. - and fur lh«H only,' provided ihey each keep their own station, |,» nu meant on ml equality of Cluisilnu liruiheihuud. |}ut where me Hie hundred« and thousands that lie between -the truiletmuu und tint mechanic, mid the i"de. pendent inembim of the winking classes, who du not wunt unylMidy lo condescend lo Hiern, mid are hnrdly in II position, e*e» it lliey were Inclined, lo condescend tool hers? Wheie ure Hie» ? Why, we all know that Hi» ufien they are not with Hie Chuich of longland, and muy not the reason be Hint iliey find no fining place here-they ure no1 made al hume in Hie Church not connected by tiny bond of fraternity willi their f,-llo«r-inrml>ers - nut io»'Ued lo any shale in |]lt . c. .mtmm wuik. They find themselves kept aloi.f, |l0( classed willi any recognised order or specie* of Church peuple, lou low lu tie shaken hands with;°and ino high t<> be patronised,-mid au they grow uncomfortable ami presently find a reat¡tig- place elsewhere ; mid then when we have lost Hiern, we discover that they har] gilli and poweis, earnestness mid activity, such Mi, if we bud but employed ' fbetii, would have mude us a gund working Church, tliuugli possibly un esquire or livn might have been offended theiehy. These may b<¡ home nulli«, or faucie, ofmy uvu : if the latter, l«i uny one point nut sume truer explain».' linn of the problem dial certainly ought tu be solved why ure the middle classes, though not lost lo Chris, lianiiy, so generally lost to our own Church-not beie onl\, bul ( I suppo-i) in »II towns and cille«of Kurland und Hie English ? For my own pint I he lieve it is,-and I fuel it lo Ile a duty lu-say su with nil plainness,-that we have too liitle remembered ihm truth whicli lies at tlie botliim of the very iden of a Cbnreli. thal Cb list inn it)' makes nil men equal, mid gives to ali Ibu pritilege'nml responsibility of wuiking lor each oilier. In tiuili, the spirit of ihewoildhu« been luinperiiig with the Quitch, so thal when (.'bril- liant meet one another, they forget that they meet as Christian-, mid seem lo themselves to be Ibul which they respectively aie in the world, mid no mote. 'I bus Christ is dishonoured, mid the mystery of Hi; Budy made nu account of. And fellow-woishippers and fellnw.comniuoiciints, who profess lo he travelling the sume road, mid hope to associate together in life elei« mil, can yet contrive ti livens perfect strangers, regard- ing one unulher Willi coldness mid indifference, und would be surprised if it were to be hiuied thal they had anything io common. It weie well if this wer« all.. Bulby u sinnige inconsistency, the Christina Churchman will ofieu give thal friendship mid fami- liarity tu ii mere citizen of ibis world, winch he with- holds fiuin his humbler brother in the ililli. Byway of illustration, and lo prove whether I esnggerutp, Ink« linee men. A. wau has ti high standing in the woilcl, and is also a devuut Christian, u man of player and faith mid good wuiks; II who is a devout Christian of the same stump, but poor in this worlii ; uml C. «ho cares nothing'for Christianity, but is rich and liououruble, us this world counts honour. Let the«« three men meet together: now, if the idea of Church nviijbersliip lie a rtalili, it is plain thal A.'s friend mid brother, wham he will meet with cordiality und i-teem, will no1 he C. his meie equal ill ibis wuild, but U. his poor companion in the faith. And jet fe m of li«, I suppose, uOuld venture lo sny that tu it would be, if the experiment were actually tried. And if it should lum out, on the contrary, (but the two associates were those who lind nothing in com mon hut the station which ibis world gave them, while the poor mun, " rich in faith," was diiowned,''-would not tliii show us ihut our Churcbineinbersbip however we.inny pul it un in fine weather mid be pi omi of ¡lu upiiear unce, is not thal useful homely garment willoh seems io be the necessary cquipuum of a working Chuich? Bul you will remember that I proposed to discutí not only the duties of the lay members of the Cliurcli towards one anoilier, but their duty lo their Pastor. Anti 1 must fulfil my promise, although ibis part uf my .object is some« but difficult lo treat. If I fell a deli- cacy in describing the work of the Pastor tor his people, I feel a delicacy, ntl oilier grounds, in saying huv» the people should reciprócale his work fur Hiern. Yet something must be sahl, in order lo cúmplete ihut view »Inch 1 desired .to give you, of a Church working in all its purts, mid by all its members, for its own mutual edification. Certainly, then, the responsibilities of the lay mem. bera do nut end when they have laboured fur oin I another by the various acts uf brotherhood, some uf 1 Hhicli I have tried lo describe. They have still their I Hut y towards him who is set over them in the Lord. I have ulreudy sahl thut upun hit faithfulness, teal, sud love, everything depends; mid 1 may assume that when this condition is fulfilled on bia part, lb ey on their part will deatrc io make sume return. The question ii, wh it return can they make? First, in spiritual tilings, it it in their power to help their pastor very greatly by constant attendance upon Mi ministry This debt at least they «we him | and ii tiny ure cureless in paying ii, the effect cannot but be greatly tu dishearten him in his wurk, and partially ludeadsn his efforts in lllelr behalf. Next, they owe lu him the obligation of keeping in memory the wurd which he delivers them, and striving lo net upon it. And ukin to Ibis is the duty of searching Iii« Scrip. tures, und endeavouring lo advance more and inure in knowledge of the truth, Ihut Uley may be able lo predi by Hie instruction thut they receive. Neal, I would mention the duty of inlurceiiory prayer. The Church in her Liturgy sels us Hie exam- ple of this, in pleading morning and evening lor all liishups mid Curate*, bul Hie private intercession should be added to this public prayer. No time would be more fining for this than the actual lime of mliiiítra lion, whether in preaching or other act». Surely not: in vuin' would rise the cry of many hearts thut the work then going forward fur their good might be bleiltd mid uccepted. liuw can Uley who neglect their pan in this m iller look for fruit from I heir pastor's ministry, or complain if they see none? And here 1 will add one more-a difficult and (Mi- ente duty, perhaps, yet surely a duly that might lobe performed-I merni the responsibility thut rests upon a peuple, of being faithful mid cundid willi their piittur. How often ure complaints made uf a mun which are never curried to him. And 1 do nut say that ii it tvtrybody's buslneii lo tell n clergyman of his »anils, or winn seem to ne his Imilla (th.it would be plainly inconsistent with Christain humility), but I du think thal if faults exist (uml who can be willmot Hiern ?) und when faults are talked about, ii must be somebody's duty to say face to face that which so many ure saying behind his buck. There must lie members of the flock possessing the dignity of age, and a long consistent Christian walk, from whom, aselueri in Hie Church, n word ol kimi though severe Irieiidilnu would come well, and might du au ¡iicalcuUul« gooil. If Hie blame originated in a mistake, the rnltundsr« standing would thus be ni once removed-if it «*". deserved, then the faithful udtnonitiuu would be ti ina surgeon's knife applied in lime lu toms growing »ora. There is rensun to believe that many u pastor ffltli'tt (humanly speaking) have been saved from some be- telling tin, and then-fare his people saved ivitli linn from the coustquencesof his tin, had ihit duty ulTmtu" fulness been mure duly recognised mid fulfilled. , And. in the lust place, 1 come to speak of Hie people a duty of ministering to their pastor in temporal tliinji' For I cannot but think thut it ia a duty lor u Christi»» people lu give not merely to the general necessiliea of the Church, but something lo thsir' own pastor,-"" his temporal support, if that be needed, or, if m"i ". * token of their esteem. . 1 du not forget all that hat been advanced about me danger to the puttur that intends u reliance or «ve» «a expectation of this kind-thal he will be loo likely io truckle lo Ibu fancies or prejudices of hit more i»»"*"' liul parishioners, at the ritk that if he does no1, "«.J will pul bim out of his stewardship. And certa iijji » would never advócale the principle thal the mun»" should solely depend upon Ihe offerings of bit particu- lar congregation. The Preacher uf the GutpelW»Ji in Scripture phrase, ".live of the Gospel" without li«»!» of it exactly in this way. But ttill 1 huve never lie«" any argument which to my mind can overthrow in clear Scriptural rule, that orftriugs of tome turi. "". " Hier «-renter or less, should be' mude by n peuple lo «?' (nui I« hlin among the general body of lite C ,rf-'||iW to bim especially), who ministers to them. I "?'"T,. tliis to be a debt of gratitude, which it is u> H"°« ', bun lo receive ut for Hiern to pay. Of course tlierei a danger oí in being abused-the thought of Hie»'"" rality may puff Hiern up, und muy place bim m w»"\ age. But what it lint but lo tay that mithin« » .'«"JJ, that fallen human nature hat lo do »iib? i,ure'lhe. argument thal thould overthrow this or ""J""'', arrangement, would be not to point out .»« ?" , And defeclt mutt be), but to prove Hint they are greater« mure tériout than lorne other plan present'- ," \- It it worthy or notice, too, that the beti« »btraaní the more will hebe likely by God's grace to »i,e .rV these dangen,-in other words, this »>,lf'" .w L me found io answer with a worthy man-e«« you tam» .» ;Hiat any lyatein will answer wllh an unworthy r , The question ofone endowment for iii» whola C^,' whether by a central fund or whatever oiher sourcti I* not form part of my present tubject, which omJ¿Lt. d Teues to deal with the duties of a particular Tn.«T"Jw' lion. Hut of court« I assuma that the duly oT/ini biner Chürth'parpottrifmn'lh» «apport of their own usstor. «I» form a necesisry and Important part of their «otk Hi*1« ought they to do, but not lo leave the other undone. And before I leut» ibis topic of pastor ...a people, I should like lo lay before you an amusing .Lcrhition of to« way In which they mañane these mat i, M in America, i'hme of HI who have read the writings of Elisabeth Wetherall, have some notion of what the America!« call« Bet - and that lady teaches ui to conned the word limply »lib questions ol domes- tic economy - but U seemi that there are Church.bees iu..,u.idone of the»e Heis 1 m iv well Introduce lo you, vi hen I am spiaking oF a working Church. .' lu remote paru of the States money ii not very ule mimi, ano «he peopb» are accustomed to employ barter hulead of our commun method of buying and »ellinn. With such people it i» much easier to give iiilts iii their pastor than lo Insure bim a regular money ¡motile frrom allis» rircumilance has arisen the pinn oí having «hit has gut ihe name of " A Ute," once II year, which II met with as much simple kindness by the receiver of lit» rooney, ni it is bellowed by the busy, working bees who bring it, most be productive nut of piitt, but of pleasure on both sides " the pla« Is in ihn style. A lew ol the active, warm lieirtcd females lorin u committee, ami nuit ou the minister and his wile, or, should he be a bachelor, no mutter or all the helier. J hey are not to stop on the threshold for a ceremony 1 hey invite themselves and u I the congregation to wait on the parsonage on a mimed du), or any «tiber that suits ilieparsoimge helier lliiv take all charge, trouble, responsibility, only hoping the himily will allow tin in the privilege ol the liousi. 1 hat being negotiated, and the day arrived, (list ernes Hie Ininti of waiters, with all the append iges ol a table covered anti luden »iib good things I hey ure spread lurth, iiml vvho shall count the dough-nuts and the Ujuting-islxnils, und ihe piles uf cheese, mid loads of rich nike and hreutl, and oceans of en um, mid plates of litzzled licet, mid smoking turkey,und (ried oysters, mid roust chicken, und pineapples of butter, mil cuines of briindy-peuches, and priser veil plums, mut ginger, and strawberries? Hie feast ia ullerlhu fashion of Abiggml, nr old Liurstllai'a gilts to David the King It is prince ly. Uley eui > ntl drink, mid love one another, ami ure very happy Drink, did 1 sue ? Yes, from urns of flagrant tea, and puts ol richcolTie mid, if to be had, fruin biuutifol pitchers til ieed-waler. And the minis ter and Ins gentle family, cheered by the scene, enpiy ii griutly And, in Hie close they sing pr uses, and jue thank« and Ihe busy umi gather up their eui] ty vessels und depart-nil partiel leeling more united in love tlitiu Uley were before " 1 hen the family explore ihe house winch hid been given upto the friendly invaders, ibey hive hem in tin briler, and lhere have lett such innksus a side of baton, a cask of butler, and sume fine cheeses. Jhev have been ni tile garret, and deposited a lund oi Iwool flour, a b ig of buckwheat, and another oi meal. Ibey have been HI the study, und placed an easy chair and II rug before ii, fur tinir pastor has lett lite'» meridian behind him J hey have been in the paiiirv.and leila barre I of »og ir, II chest of tea, und II cask ot mollisses. Hu eluldieii lind, willi surprise, a nice new treat coat hanging in tin* li ill, us if li were quite at home, and on mamma's hi d u neb io make frocks, a beautiful ne« gown and du U, und u piece for j ickets tor the tioys »In ihe intilsi of nil the exclam liions of pryful sur- prise and grateful conjecture a* to the individu il donors, the (.oeil m m steps to the garden to liri lillie mure Ireely untlcr this load ol kuidinss, »hen lol his woid-bouse is picked full of winter fuel, and the last waggoiur Mauds at a luss, not finding room tor his lo id ' 1 uki ii lo my neighbour ibu minister donn the hill lhere,' says the grutelitl pastor, "I few he is hardly so richly provided f r us 1 um, and I um us much obliged to my 11 temi as if 1 bunn every cord ol it myself.' " 1 Ins, O tithe-p iy ing people ot Lngliind, is 'Alice I' How smelly could many of your generous heans full into the humour ol the country, and contribute sour own p t ol bniiey, and your blessli g with it I"-Amil tea us I round it, p. I d4 lo coiicludi. lum fully conscious bon very imper- fectly 1 h ive sketched «ni miy thing like a worthy Idea O u Wuikuig Church Yet 1 trust 1 have so far kepi to my subject, Illili 1 have advanced nothing ibul is merely iheoreucul, nothing that might nut be, or is not being, ? educed lo practice. Perhaps, considering Ibu way m which 1 h ive treated it my ti'le> should luther have been a " Working 1*irish " than u " Working Church," yet 1 think you will find that tim linter is, as I have saul, little- more than the multiple of the former-many families III one- requiring indeed u large and general superin- tendence, wini ¡3t l'uui tills "the cure ol uti lie Churdle»," winch is the- fundamental idei (if 1 miiv venture to liy so) ol the l!.piscup te,- still, on the wllole, but the repetition of many copies ol Hie original type, and therefore prosperous, living, and working ni piopurium lo ihe prosperity, life, und work of ibu several parts. And see how ucaulHully the »hule work grows and e«pundi from ils first centre-H single soul quickened ami lenewed with power fruin on high-then other souls added to it -theo a society lormed, lor uiulual to ufurt mid edification,-then a pnslur set over the general body, liol us their lulullible guide, bul us one who may give himself wholly und specially to th it work which betones indeed to them nil by virtue»f their Christum priesthood-and then ihe whole budy ut work tor Us unseen Lord und Head^-^ath member having ii part lo fulfil, und a talent to improve,-the pastor waleb- ing and labouring lor the people, and Ibey waiting upon lum, praying tor bun, learning from lum, counselling hitit in se ison, mid gladly offering tohimol their worldly things-und ngutu, among themselves, tultivaiiti ' love tyid brotherhood and Lhnstiun tympitby, in b moor preferring one aiioiher, no one pleasing bimsell, but cm h one hil brother lo his edification Why should lins not be au eiisiiug leallly more and mote amongst us I Why »hould it be thought fanatical or euthusi islic lo desire lo see Ihe very Acts of the Apostolic Church r<produced, the spirit of primitive times revived, ihe illusion ol the Oats pushed boldly lulu ibu durkucss of heulhemsm and unbellel, until bit in is lightning should full from heaven, um) llie kingdoms of the world become the kingdoms ol the Lord mid of 11 is Christ? Hie good Lord husten it lil Ills time I 