TEN DAYS IN VICTORIA. II. MOST visitors to Melbourne will naturally arrive on I one of the six labor days of the week. They will then find porters enough and drays enough near the wharves all ready for a job, and, as I am informed, by no means extravagant in their demands. By these means the new comer's luggage may be readily transferred to his temporary abode. As to the serviceable " Jarvies " who are always at hand in Sydney to whisk away a man and his carpet bags, etc., to any part of the city or suburbs, you must not look at Melbourne, for any- thing of that kind. There are a few cabs, indeed, most of them rather seedy in appearance ; but the fares demanded by the drivers render it impossible for any but a successful digger to indulge in this species of luxury. The new chum, therefore, must be content to pack his luggage on a dray (if there is too much of it for the hands of a porter), and must himself stump it through the mud. Now on a " working-day" all this is very straight- forward. But those who, like myself, set foot ashore at Melbourne on a Sunday morning are real objects of pity. There was no bustle, no porters, no drays, "no nothing," but mud, when I landed. I had nothing for it but to "hump my swag," i.e., stagger along through the mud under the weight of a large and well crammed carpet-bag, a dressing-case, a cloak, and a walking-stick, and to search through the terra incognita of Melbourne for the home to which I was consigned. It was early morning, and there were very few persons in the streets. As to the hotels, although there were plenty of them, they were all closed as firmly as if their proprietors had determined to shut up shop for the rest of their natural lives. In short, there was very little sign of actual life notwithstanding all the collateral indications of busi- ness which met the eye wherever it wandered. How it fared with such of my fellow-passengers as were under the necessity of laying siege to some of these fast-closed inhospitable looking places of en- tertainment, I am at a loss to say. I was fortunately exempt from this necessity. After about half an hour's heavy porterage, relieved by an occasional rest and on occasional grumbling soliloquy when I came to a spot more than usually sloppy, I succeeded in making my way to the residence of the gentleman who was to be my host during my stay in Melbourne. For obvious reasons I shall say nothing about this gentleman. Suffice it that although we had hitherto been strangers, I at once felt myself at home, and this feeling strength- ened with my stay. Wonderfully refreshing, not only to the physical man, but to the inward or moral man, is a good hearty meal. My journey from the Bay in the keen morning air had given me an excellent appetite, and my toil through the greasy streets of Melbourne had had an equally sharpening effect upon my temper. A good breakfast banished both hunger and spleen. When I next traversed the streets, an hour or two later, their aspect seemed to have undergone an entire change. The forenoon sun had dried up the mud with as much rapidity as the slight showers of the early morning had created it. The people, too, were to be met in goodly numbers ; and there was something besides the stones, the bricks, and the signboards, to show the stranger that he was traversing the highways of a commercial metropolis. Now, although I have indulged in a half-growling strain at the melancholy aspect of the sealed-up hotels, don't imagine that I think it would be an improve- ment to have them opened on a Sunday—even as in Sydney, by means of side entrances and back en- trances. lt is a vexing thing for a tired traveller, sweating under the weight of his haggage, to make his way through street after street without seeing any place where he can take even a temporary rest ; but this strict observance of the Sabbath is unquestionably very creditable to the Melbournites ; and something for which, after so much talk as there has been about their general love for the grog bottle, one is in no way prepared. The hotel and public-house keepers of Melbourne are not permitted, it would seem, to open their doors at all during the Sabbath. Even the " dinner beer " is not procurable there, unless it is laid in the day before. On Monday morning the aspect of the place was very different. The shops were all opened, the streets all crowded, and, go where I would, there were the signs of business activity. The first two or three walks through Melbourne did not give me correct impressions as to the place, although my walks were pretty long ones, and I kept my eyes and ears open. It takes a week's residence at least, and many journeyings, not only through the city but through its immense suburbs, before its true size and condition are comprehended. The streets of the city are very wide, crossing each other at right angles. At intervals, however, there are small narrow lanes which greatly impair the beauty of the place. These were intended, I am told, for back entrances. The Government, in laying out this city had in no way anticipated the enormous rise which has taken place in the value of land, and, presuming that those who built in the main streets would indulge in the luxury of gardens, provided for them the additional luxury of a lane for back gates. But never was there a greater mistake. Land has risen to a price beyond all parallel—far, I am convinced, beyond its real value. There is scarcely even the ghost of a garden in Mel- bourne proper ; and the back lanes, like the main streets, are crowded with shops, stores, offices, and private residences. None of the streets of Melbourne proper are near so long as the main streets of Sydney ; but there are more of them, and, from their superior width, they cover a much greater space of ground. There are indications on all sides of the rapid growth of this place. One sees at once that it is youthful, but that its youth is vigorous. Large and handsome shops are side by side with the small shed-like structures of the less aristocratic class of retailers. Massive commercial buildings are mingled up with stores of wood and iron of the most primitive description. But it is in the highways themselves that the most striking evidences of youth are exhibited. In Sydney the streets are narrow and irregular, but they are paved (after a fashion), and lit with gas. In Mel- bourne all the main streets are, as I have already stated, wide and regular ; but although there has been a good deal of paving done, there is a large portion of the surface still very little better., as a causeway, than it was left by nature. The con- sequence of this is, that a shower of rain, which in Sydney would do little more than lay the dust, will convert Melbourne from end to end into a perfect slough ; while dry weather and a moderate breeze wind will raise up clouds of penetrating dust, such we are afflicted with here during those abominable brickfielders which so frequently wind up, most un- pleasantly, a fine summer's day. After nightfall, the difference between Sydney and Melbourne in these respects, and in favour of the former, is still more striking. Instead of the brilliant gas-lights, to which we are accustomed here, there is nothing but a set of miserable oil lamps—just light enough, in fact to ren- der darkness "visible." C. S. c. s. 