BRITISH AND FOREIGN GLEANINGS Our CoRREspoNnEXTSj-VVhcn the Turks fHtt advanctdnn Bucharest, they were accom panied by three correspondents ^betongli.g to tha London morr.inz ioarnals. Two nf these were arrested by the vvaiiacrrau ponce, appa Wit'y on a warrant fr-vrH)inar Pasha. Th y appealed to thd a-ith-'ritie*; au itivestigdti in was ordered ; and :t tame 1 ou* that the iniig nity hal been put upon then by Nf. 't-.setti.-a Bnssian partisan, at the h art of the WalU chian jxlice. Of course every apd gy was tendered f-r the ?' mist ike.' A Rcssian Testimony. — As rrgirds the hand!ii-g of the nhips, there obtains with thu English a most ai'iiirable conduct. When Admiral Napier led his ship-i i ito the waters of Baro Sound, the Wellington took' the lead in this momentous movement, and the enemy's fleet anchored ia the most splendid order. Admiral Napier always keeps his steamers separate from his fleet, that tiiey may explore the creeks and bays. The English ships make very little use of our btr.ys, for they do no navigate the channels marked :-ut by our own pilots. When they take a new chinm 1, they lay down new buovs for themselves, and they have had numbers of rock?, that indicate rent* and Fandbanks, painted. One may. affirm positively that no pilot of -ours wouid evur venture, on his own responsibility, to take deep-going ships along the courses that hive been passed in the Sheeren by large Enga-h iteamers, thongh it must be admitted tha' they manv a time grounded a little. — Marine Journal of St. Petersburg. Kcssias Influence is Persia — At the head of the Moiiaminedan clergy in Persia stands the chief mollah, w'io in always a des ^S*ndant of -hi ? cred la nil/ of Al*, the soniu iaw of Mohammed. Before the lalst Persian war. Ag i Mir Fatah was investel with this hereditary d;gnity, a d resided at Tihre-z When Paskiewit chappeireJ bifrjthat pi ice Agir Mir Fatah entered iiit-- iifgiriati-ms for its 8urren'.ler. Having thus incurred tha en mity of the Shah, he went t - T;flis, l.ut a few years afcer he returned to Persia, a new Xlus tahid having usurped his Authority, in Ispa han he was poison ;d. from the effects of which, however, lie rac -vero-L Ha drove nway his enem?. and now resides at T.ibreez, the Shah not - aring^o opp-ist; him. His eldest son, Haiji Aga, lives on his father's estate- near Tifls; he his also two younger sons t!-,eie, with five of his wives, tie often visits bis family at Tiflis, an I receives a pension of 20,(Kk« roubles fwm the Ku^ianiTivenime it. The? Russian 1'iusonebs. — The following, from the London Examiner of November 9 u, gives an account uf tiie appeirrmce «if the Kossian prisoners arrive! in England from Bomarsu- d : — ' With respect to ttie physique of the captives, no one cau avoi'l p rceivmg id then the evidenc ?.*» of under feeling. 1'Ik officers arc stouf-buil ~, powerful men, but thr soldiers have that thin lat y appearance which is seen in the inmates of our. workhouses and pisons, and whici also may be observe;! in one or two agricultural dis nets where the wages of labour r- ach the'r minimum in this oouu'ry. There was not a single robustlook 'ingmin amon* tlv?m, and their hard, spare forms coutrvwted s»tT-n^ly wi'h those of our well fed sailors. . There U al-o an evident want of cleanliness am-nar th-m. Making, iowever, every all.iwanc ?, the liu-wan soldier, in his long gray pepp r-and salt gtearuoat, with faded facings and no brass opinm-iiit* of *ny kind, is a vi^ry dingy lo 'king fellow This ereatco it. re c --n ? '° - 'e ankle, app ars, Ihowever, a comfort -b!e g»r-neut. wrapping ?cl -ser round the bxly than in oar service, and of the right c-'lonr for warfare. Th^ir f'raze cap also seems convenient, w th -ut b.-inp, frightfully u»ly l*ke that wor. ? ? our Foot ?Guards. The kmpstck is of u- dr -sc \ skn. Appar^n-ly capable --f holding very l-ul-, and iheld on the bark by br al cpw-hvl :h of b'a-'k ?leather. The stripe- in licatirg g ndo* «-f . auk ?or good conduct, instea I of i- ing up -n the .-arm, are nti tha lapel; the number oi'tlie regi m-nt is marked upon the bai.d of tie forage cap,- bat n.it in metal ; nn 1 fusing* seem used as in other Europe an s rvi.u;*. ' 'n t half of tiie prisoners- belonged to a Ku*-ian c-rps. and wore red facing; tiie otlur were Finnish Chasseurs, and had bins facing*. During the voyage they have held entuely alonf from each other— the Fiuluit'er* disclaiiuing tiie idea of beiiiz consider d Ku;sians, and the Russians pnba'ily equ Hy j^lms --f being conf mnded witii the Kinlamiers. Uoth, how ever, seem vastly in erior in physical strength, in intdiiiehce, .in smartness of di-cipline, in cl -tbiug, and in eqiipmeut, to the soldiers ot Western Kur«»ne.' Thb Rtjsi81an Akmt.- Anew levy of. rscrnit* . ia about to fyi oidered throng out the UuH^'mu empire. This will b- thi- fit* h since the cun mejiceinentofihj orienttl c*implicaii»n«, an-l will ra'ne the total ani-unc drawn to about forty per 1000 souls. This shows the enor mous wear and tear of the, army, an i proves beKiiles, that the receives are alri-a-ly exhaust ed. The loss from desertion is soil to buenonnxus Dor is th'a cniifiiied to 'he common at.l i.ers merely. ()nth-:eva u iti -n of Bucharest:, Tnore than thirty officers exchanged their uniforms for civilians' clothing, and deserted from the army. Russian Ambition is the. North.— Frun ithe placs found at Boirarsuad it is provrd that thuse works were not more than the fifth part of the va-t marine lorlificaiions the Emperor of Russia had began toireoton these islands. -Immense expense had already been incurred; the works were carried on wit'i activity until the c mmencement --f the pre Bent war; 'and they would in a few year.* have cmnmaud-d another lonrcss as difficult of attack as Cronstadt or Sebasto^ol. Admiral Pareeval reports r-i the Frenh Go»trainent that he had since the seise carefully examined the outlnie ot tliese works, wn en were in tended to nriku l^man-uud a nvlttary p.).siion of great impnrttnee; and be add*, thit 'the geoi;raphictl position «-f Aland; with its mag nificent port, rendered more valuable by tli difficulty of access to it, must h ive »-U!»g3Sted ito the Emperor of ttu^afa va-t naval estat ^?broent commanding the twoGul s of Both jiia and of 'Finland, threatening Sweden and the. whole B-llic, au'J possessing ad ?vantages far fupirior to tho-e of Swea iborg.' Hut ftr the successful attack on Boinarsund, it is probable that this deliberate iintcntion of the Kussian Government w- ul«l ?only bava become known to her neare t neigh tboura when it was too hte to prevent the evil, for the strictest measures were taken to pre vent. even the SweileH fiom oppr-aching the works, which in a few years would have com manded their capital Nothing can more i*9naWy demonstrate the artful secresy and irn-essant activity with which the policy of Russia fane been stealing onwards both in the north Vii in the east, until she should be able to convert both the Baltic and the Mack Sea into Ru*^° Jakes, commanded by her for tresses auu' occupied by her fleets ; and the capture ef l^'mar«und 'is a most useful and glorious achievement, not enly from the ex perience it has Riv-n in of our own f rce, as opposed to that nf the enemy, but also from the additional insi'qht we have acquired into his Bchemes, which furnish add tional proofs that fr- limit the growfcg power of Russia was indispensable- to the security and independence of Europe.— Times. Great Fire at ''t. Petebsburo — Two ter rible c-)»fla£;raiicns broke out at St Petersburg |h\ th-' 26!h Au^usr. On', wcuoed near th« lrfimailoffsky Barra--ks where npwards of 80 — some say* 200- h -n-es, and property to the Mtent of neiir'.y ftOO.000 pi!v.;r roubles, are MppoBed to ,be (iVstmyed, ]-artly in=-un-d The ? other was on the Giibtontff lslnnl. where the .quantity of prop-r.y de^tr -vt d is large, but in rvalue sinal, bsi g principally bonea, inteuded (for shipment abrtiad Kxpedition agaikst Pebvstop'L— Wliat- wer may be the causes winch have somewhat rtstarie'l tha- expediti »n, they are whollv in depeedent of any dip omatic motive or inten tion, and will hereafter be f nind to arise exclusively from circumstances . f military administration and military precautions. It is obvious that every man in that mighty h:'st, from tha co nmanders-in-chief down to the . drummer-bjys, must have been eag t and im patient to enzaga in tl.is sreftt eprerpnsn, and ? to escape fron u piisirion in which the army was depressed by inactivity and afflicted with ? disease. But those on whom the chief re . sponslbility of directin$r the movements a d ? operations of such a force rested, doubt'ess felt that success mainly depended on the complete . efficiency of the whole expedit on. They are about to invade a country scarcely known even to our travellers They will have to encounter an enemy whose strength is very imperfectly ascertained, and whose military capacity must .not entirely be jn-g 'd of by his recent disas ?ten». They have t - cross a considerable |-or tion of a 'hazar-ioas sea, in numbern Jar ?exceed 'a; the most numerous maritime expedition ever attempted before. f-T we apprehend that from 6\00D to 70.000 ?men will aimo-t nimultaueomlv embark. ?with.arril!ery, cavalry. sttre«, and fiod. ready iat the field. They imve then to defeat an ;«r»ny, and tn take one of the strongest miri time 'fortresses in the woild. We a-e well *wsre of the tremendous magnUude of such &n; undertaking, which we hsva the m-re ^aniesMv reomaier.fle'l b thusj we think it sin exiil it worthy of the alliance -'f »he two greatest j.ations against a t'iird wh ch is their rital in miiitary power. Bat when we learn, JlflWota^t7a£M1^5aie£Era.ttftttkapp- digious* experiment has been saccessmily beeun, and' may be carried ere long to a tn ump ^aut termination— that the blow which the enemy has most. reason to dread has been struck, and. that the natural obstacles, which' ard the chi^f defences of his territories, are overcome — the period of time' which h&\- ap pearel to be spjnt in teditius itinctivity will be remembered cii- fly Tor the 'nrepiraii'ins made in it, and the world wiil find ih-v: Enclvd was not, as tha Berlin c-urtiT* sup pow, about to renounce am expl 'it s» glorious to her anna, bu(. that, iir close aid aciye alliance with her conrade in war, she had collected all her energies to render this com biner attack of the Western Powers irre-. i-istible. — Tuns. The Tex iscii Ov's at BouA.RsnsD.— In the several intere-ti&g; narratives of the ltte events which h*ve been publish- d, frequent allusion is made to that remarKable innova tion, the ten- inch gun, and the fatal eff-ct with which it was plied against the lar^e and prin cipal fortatBomarsund. The subjoined special narrative i« understood toprocedl from the pen of Lieut. Close, of Cheltennam, who assisted Captain Peltiam on the memorable occasion :— ' The effect from the fire of this gun, wheh was nearer to tho fort than any of our ships, was tr:in«inlous asid ricrlit *voll did the enemy return it with Shrapnel - shells anil shot, hut the walls were too thick and th *h'lter too w«ll c mstruc ed for thi enemy, to d-mige the little crew of English Hailors, al thou;h St C. Napier and all the fl:et thought they must cert duly be cut to pi;ces. Trees all around their lifrb bitt-jrv wer^ mnmn rl/-nrn liiro orp9«-B (rr.ailit.rt fiicfe i fl *w i.lto a thousand pir.C'S, and the grott-m ami dust were continually thr-iwu up into the air amun-1 us by the Russian shot — aiid yet all escip:d. At 6 p.m. (htesdiy). the firing ceased on both sides, as if bymuuii c m«ent ; 'eelins that all had had enough of powder and shot for tbe day. Wednesday, at duylight, the ten-iiich gun opened ihn action Tin's day was to h ive been the grand attack arid bombardment, by sea and land, but tin French general*! breaching batury ivt being r -ady, he requested the affair to be put off ; so ths snips, which were moving in a line oi iiattle, were anchored again, leaving the ten inch gun alone to stand the fire of fourteen guns. Ft hours the Russians threw a per feet showtr of shel-s, till the English crew could hardly get at their gu i to load it. ' It was a terrible sig'it firm the fleet,' an J alt thought that nothing could save the crew from being cut to pieces, so that Sir Charles Napier sent in six steamers- to dnw off their murderous fire. Tho enemy during the n'ght had got two mo.e ?uns into positixi (out of windows) to be.ir on our one-gun bittcry. but it was no use The Ku- sians fought hard and well, but nothing could stand the precision of the 10 inch gun, with its 84 1 1). »heil. The filing was the adtniriti»n of the whole fl et, tho shells ^irmtiu-illy bursting in the entrance of the embrasures, blowing it into a perfect wrecks and occasionally b -ing thrown into the interior, and preventing the enemy from work ing their mortirs. Soon a'ter noon tne fl g of trucj was shown by the Kus.«Uns, out t-f ihe o:il/ sound embia-ure left t » oppos-; the litae battery, clearly showing that they suirendered to the s=ea front — i. c, the 10 inch Run and steaners: in fict, beyond a few French field pieces nothing was pJiyuiEftn tort noinir sund from the land side but the Blenheim's 10 inch gun ; indeed, many of the chiefs in thefl;et go so far as to say that Bmiarsurid surrendered to this little one.-Ljuu battery, which the incessant fire of 14 gutw could not silence.' The Arxaots.— The Arnauts are admi rably armed anl accoutred for hatidto h-ind fightinp. In ttw first pl»:e they are lightly clothed nd carry no baggage T-.-eir siile-arms and all that they carrv ub iut them are supp -rt-i'l bv a Sash or broad lcath: r w -i:-t- beit. A 1 -iig flint musket, of good workm in *liip aiid extensive range, with a .thru iron butt curved t» fit the shoulder, and whin u bayonet, is i-lung over the shoulders in close action. Their other 'weapons arj a pair ol fliut- lock pintols of Urge bore, the '? hair's-: char' slightly curved, some 2J fec-t in l.ni;ih, wiih the inner 'edge sharpened Itkcaiazor; and the yatagau ; all of .excellent work in ui ship, and, in tins hands of the-o desperadoes, ifeidly in-trumen's. The utiier irrexulars, at- well a-' the Amaut*, are qener.illy aimed more or less in like fashion, but their firearms .-tie usu.-tlly inferior to those of the Aruaut. The qu;ili:y of the Arnant's weapons is fa ly tnaiched by his skill in usin-r ihem in clo.se fiihtiig. He is an excellent shot, 'ind, like the Circassians and otlur tribes who have to provide their own a-nmunition and fit ic to the varinus calibre of their arms, he is very souring in his us; of it. Me reserves his nre tiil the crific-il miimeut, and then his aiiii is deadly He is not less dangerous with the coM steel, both etlge and .point — eprinuiug lik-i a ti^er on the enemy who advances over ditch or breast work. It is on the-e occasions when the heavily- loaded so'dk-r, trained and accoutred mainly f»r intiinrry fire, is clambering over t-b.-taulcs and ments witii a resistance which hardly allows him to use his b tyonet, thut i,i inferi'irity to such an enemy In-come ap;m rent. — Letter from a ierman Officer at Silistria Electric Telegraph for the Armv. — Tne Klectns Telegraph Coinpimy have lately suDplied theG-'Vernnient with a very complete and pos tihle set of electric tel^gra^h appa ratus, adapted for use in the field, t» a;oo n pany the munitions sent out to the East, where it will doubtless prove.a valu ibie aux iliary to the seiviue. It consists of two wag gons, each containing a complete set ol instruments, lotteries, and telegraphic appa inius. and a Buffi^ient sunn V of iusulated wir-'. t- establish at a moments notice a telcraplrc communication to a distance of 10 or 12 mi'es either on la.id or unler water. Ench waggon is intended to ha drawn hy six horses, ana to be accompanied by a ?t*ff of mounted ollicers aud men, and sappers and inineri are now being .educated fir that du y at the company's centr il stition, at Lothbury, -md h^ve already acquired great proficiency in the use of the signal i'lstrumenis. The appliances for laying »utthe wire over irngular ground and through ra irshes atid iivers,iire very ing jnious, and ihe instiunents are so thor- u ih ly port able that after being shifted f.oin place to ulace they can he fixed in work-rig order in a {?.W seconds. For conamunicati'ins by day and .night, between distant points, sujIi as tiie bulks of a r vu; a distant outpost, or battery in eniri nchme its, bitween- vessels at sett, and especially batweeu the fhet and the show, th;8 novel auxiliary will d ubtless prove of the highest u ility. — Timea. ' Austrian ' Voluntart' Loans.— The Vi enna correspondence of the OsUee Z-itun-j contains the following document relative to the new Austrian loan :— 'Sir — l-have noticed with extreme displeasure that the Jews of Pesth have not yet given evidence of tint p-itriotic feeing fir which I had piven them credit. Whereas, in consequence --f the most hi ih appeal of His Imperial Royal Apostolic Maj -sty, no one -I say, not one single sub ject— dare now-a-daya evade his duty to his sovereign, you -are hereby requested to sum m-n everv Jewish inhabitant of Pesth before you, when you shall urge upon hi n the du-\ of voluntarily subscribing, and give me the names of those who should behave in a luke warm manner, or even presu tie to avoid all participation in the loan. Expecting to re ceive this very day your reply, together with a list of the subscriptions ma e, as well as n; tho-e. indifferent patriots who refu-e to sub scribe, I am, &c;, B«ron of Augusz, Imp ? Uoyal Vice President. Buda P-*Htli, July 2'). 1354— J. A. Beskowitz,MayroftheJtfwirtli community of Pesth.' TlieMay'rrtlutta'i'ly issued the following circular :— ?' I a a in'u'A b lO'td t - c mnnunica'e the abovi-.h'gh res-ri t m the respectable Jewish co nmu.i ty «f ih s p'sc*, remarking at the same time, that 1 «h«iu d deeply regret being under the necessity which my duty would impose upon- me of marking dovrn tho uam^s of those who should refuse to subscribe at al. or to do so for an aniount du'y proportioned fci their mem«: Siili^iiriutioiiH will be received till the 28th instant daily.' - The Woirzs of Great Bhitain —The cen sus shows that there are 359.969 old iniids (nhv40 years of age) in G--eat Brit in; also 1 4 -7 225 'spinsfcrs bt-twetn 20 and 40, nnd 1 413,912 bachelors of the snine as;e. In the list of thj occupations of wo nun thi-re are 88 authoresses, 18 editors or public writers, 643 aetre-s^s. 136 din^use?, 16 eqn-'strians. 0 the fe-nalii domestics no 1 :ss' than 675 311 art entered under the nVnotnina'i'iii of ' general s-rvants.' Of the higher cla-s of s rvauts, 'he housemai Is are more nu nerous th:m th-.' C-ioks, the former b.irg 55 935, a d the later only 48,806. and there are above 50,000 ' housekeepers,' and nearly 40,000 num s The charwomen are nj less than 55,423 in DU:nbtsr. I'noroRTiox op Deap anp Dumb Persons IK UlPKEttEXT (VlUSTRIES.— The pmpotiono dcaf a id dumb in Ireland bs ug I in 1 593, i« 2r--atcr than that of Luxemburg, Wyrtem bur,', Tuscany, Bav-uin, IMiium, and Hol land, in which the average is 1 in 2,209; and le-s than in Saidini i, Norway, a id p-irts of Swi zt!'1i'I. wlu-re tin1, nvera-ze is l in 64J In s -me r.f the Swiss ciirons th- iat:o i^ as h:g'i as 1 n 206 — t.e , nb-ut SfV-u times a« great as ia Iff^n*' — Xf*-fa*-l Tina and Ga~ sutU. ? '; How to take ? CROxstADT— \ correspon dent of, an evening paper srigjee'ts the u=e of the g Vlvanic baUery in , t-e taking of Cmn stailt, . as -? fi- ltow:s?— ''{ would : respeettv«-ly subnit that an experiment be tried on Cron stalt -is a first essay, 4 000: or 5,°00 tons.-if gnnpowder bt'ing put on' board as many vessels asjwoul I carry that qnantity. The ves sels should he sent, with -i f ivourablo wind or tide, closo up under the walls of Oronstadt, the gilv-in'c apparatus being in each ves-el, and the operator at a respectful distance from his mines (the vessels.) Let him iri-ike the con n= ction of the tjnlwanic wires good, and ex p 1»de the miiss. Nothing human could with stand the shock within three or f-ur miles of the position. The effect would certainly be terrific.1 I should think it would di.-turb the status quo of Cronstadt, and dispel a-iy pleasing dreams of the. Czar in- St. Petersburg, respect ing the impregnability of his fortress ; for if it did not sh sko the place to its centre, it won'd render it easy to carry it hy n coupe d; main b-fire the garrison, if it survived, could re cover its self-possessi m.' Bibles for the Belligerents. — Thousands of B-b'tt9 and New Testivnents, in the various languages spoken by all the bellisjereut armies encased in this cr^at war, are alreiidy on thy way to Constantinople Among the rest there are coming «om« thousands nf 'Xew Tes taments in the Russian 1 tnguage, for those w!io may he br ught h-^re. in the cb'iucss of wir. as captives. The British and Foreign Bibl.- S.)ciety is drvisinjr noble things to meet t'ie exigencies of our tunes, and of this pir ticulnr field ; and, in the providence ofUod, an auxiliary to .that soc:ety has been form ;d at Constantinople since tho Russian invasion took place, and constitutes an efficient iigoiu'y in the very field. C'olp rteurs are already dili gently employed, and at least two more are expected from Ei'g'and' to a'd in tho work. While, then, the hausrhttf Nicholas on tVe one hand.and his inten-led victim »iid the dffen lers of right on the other, are making ready for their grwit battle-, an eva- g-licnland s-ui-snving influence is concentrau g in this empire, fujii as many ccii'u ies pa^t h»ive. not witnessed Whatever inny be the political results of the war now beg m, there is abundant reason 'o b'liev! it will do more to break* down the h'g'-ie^t and strong *st religious brirriers exist ing in this cui try fan all that h-s yet been d-me. The f-ct now f .rce-1 u:-on theouvic, tion ff Mu -ulinans, tint the que^-ti-m ( f pir titionin^ this couit'y has bet-n repeatedly considered by the Kings and Cabinets of Kurope, an I that their v«ry exi-tence as a nation now depinls on fireigi armies and subsides, thefien-ily interposition of Ki'g'and and France todtf v«d th*,m, and tfic contact of ''hrisian and Mu^u'mm armies, will jili tend to break dowi old prejudices, and throw open the way. t*T fu:idameinal rtfmns. VVe know, too, that the Allies will claim f-inh re f inns as the moat acceptable reward f »r th«-ir serv'ces Kef Tin mu;t c »ne. — Letter of Mr. Benjamin, in American Missionary Herull. Convocation at R-me.— A C-»nv cation of Bishops is to take place at Rome in Noveml e . at which each Catholic country will be ri-Drese::tv;d. invitations havincr been sent V- two or three prelates of every nation in union with the Ciurch of Rome A universal jubilee is likewise announced for October or N ?vetnlter, to obtain peace between Christian primes ; the cnlmin-r down of the spirit «;t revolt nnd sedition ; the removal of the visita lions of uholei.i and funiue; and tlieenli.ht ment 'f the Holy Ghost on the Pope in the dogmatic decision as to the immacuate con ception — on which last point th: 'Jonvocition 'f Bish'ips ah ive-mentioned will promulgate tbe belief uf the Church. Fokeios Episcopal Sees. — According to -ioine statistics condensed inun a recent com mission in France on the sulj ct of episcopal see', it appears that France has a bishop or archl'ishop for every 400,000 sonls: Brvirin. 375,000; Au tria, 358 000; Sweden', 239.000; Spain, 203.0«-0; P-»itjgal. 113 000; Suidinia.i Sate.*, 110.000; the Two Sicilies, 103,000; Free Greece, 41,500. 