Original Correspondence. To the Editors of Bell's Life in Sydney. IN RE D. D. PORTER v. R. E. PORTER. Cock-a-doodle-doo-o-o-Island, April 10th, 1854. Gentlemen--T'other night, after having a chaff with the Flying Dutchman between St. Paul's and Amsterdam, I was skimming across Sydney on my way to the Straits of Behring to enquire if the Russian Bear was asleep or awake, when through a garret window I spied a fellow so busy writing that I could not help taking a closer peep, and made out the following heading and tailing: "THE GOLDEN AGE SO BRIGHT." (A new song.) To be sung to the tune of "The Chesapeake so bold." I. The "Golden Age" so bright, Just before the fall of night. Came steaming up our port quite the dandy O, When the Captain, D. D. Porter, He did hand to R. E. Porter All tho Anglo-Russo news slick and handy O. II. The ancient Herald grabbed-- But I will not give you any more of this just now, you may perhaps get the rest next week. I have only time to say what an old muff that Herald is, to rile up grand and preach solemn, as if he had been hurt:--this is the line of country he should have taken--sent a note some- thing in these terms-- "Dear Captain D. D. P., U. S. N.--(by the bye, a controversy has raged in our office as to the meaning of the letters U. S. N. Our wickedest devil, who is a staunch friend of R. E. Porter, has carried it that the said letters mean simply 'Uncle Sam's Nephew')--a goodly shower of 'dirty threepenies' has fallen upon us in consequence of your very original and clever April-fooling. So with us it is all 'serene', but we must have something to say to those who are accustomed lo believe in us--to the merchants who have cargoes afloat--to all who buy and sell on the faith that the wide ocean may be crossed without risk from hostile cannon--to the many men and women who may have relatives and dear friends on the wild waves--to these we must say we have been neglectful and forgetful--we have been negligent of the lessons of experience \-- the drab coloured men of Pensylvannia among others--vide (as you are fond of harping on Smith) Sidney Smith passim--we have been for- getful of the difference between the letters R.N. and those which our devil translates 'Uncle Sam's Nephew':--and so, having confessed our faults, we hope you will see that we have been merely tools in the hands of men too 'smart' for us, and forgive us accordingly. "As to your quarrel with R. E. Porter, (had you no tar and feathers on board to settle it at once) we are willing to give you a fair ring and appoint some of our best devils as seconds and bottle holders; we are willing to pit you Captain D. D. Porter, U.S.N., against R. E. Porter, S. M. H., when, instead of calling on the old Herald (you wish we were twenty years younger--are you afraid of our being rather tough to 'chaw up'?) to 'open his bat- teries on Monday', you may, when in fair posi- tion and 'bung to bung' with your antagonist, call out to him, 'Clear your bung-hole--let fly and be d----d; and may the best man win'!" &c.;, &c.; This, Mr Editor, is the line of country I would have recommended to our venerable friend had he consulted me; hut I must off, so good bye till next week. I am. THE REMAINS OF SCROGGINS' GHOST. 