COUNTY COURT OF BOURKE. (Extended Jurisdiction, £200 defended causes.) Tuesday, November 28//*. i Boforo R. ,W. Pohlnian, Esq., Judge; and William .Pullar, Esq.j i and John Oswald Gilchrist, 15sn.. Assessors. Tho Court resumed tills day at a quarter to oloven o'clock. His Honor apologised to tiio Bar 'for detaining them, but ac counted for tho delay by tho'number of summonses awaiting his iignature, and wished them to bo mado returnable on Saturday morning in future, in order not to detain the business of tho Court. . . ; Septrmbiju Rkmanats. r - r ) - M'Gowen v. lCrohn. Haurahan v. Krolin. . Postponed till Tuesday, 12th December. OCTOBER DEFENDED CAUSES. O'Neale v. Bonnell. Mr. Hickinbotham for the plaintiff'; no appearance for the defendant. This was an action for £28 balance of rent. It seems the plaintiff had rented a farm at Keilor to the defendant in May, 1851, at a yearly rent of £30, and sought to recover the last year's rent, minus £2 received in part payment. No defence was offered. Verdict, for tho plaintiff £15, In addition to £13 paid into Court, and costs. * Murphy v. Lokey. ? Mr. M'Dermott for' tho plalntiif; Mr. Ilickinbotham 'for tho tJPfendant » - .. * ? , ?. ' Tids was an action for £61' 13s.4d., for.damagcs sustained by a, collision in tho river. . ' \ jit appeared. that tiio' lighto'r Mary'straiultsd on a bank In tiio river; Yarra, near Williamstown, and sunk, having hor masts only .abovo water. ' On tho. evening of tho lath May last tho steamer young Australia 7 '-was-, towing; two li , 'liters up tho liver, when first ono and then tiio other grounded; and about dark, tho srtcametv after'trylng^ to get thorn off, loft them, and, proceeding up tho TMvor, camo In contact with ' tho Mary, broke oil* her two masts and injured her bulwarks and deck., Tiio sum claimed was' mado up of £31 13s. 4d. for repair of damages, and £*.-o for detention, and loss of timo during re pairs—It was. contended for tho defence, that tho Mary was lying iu a navigable |»ai t of the river, and' that n'buoy or light should havo been placed o»'er her to'waru other- vessels off, and that the action was not ouoa- iouod by their negligonco. ?Yerdlot for tho plaintiff. Damages, £31,133. 4d., with costs. 1 * Crisp' v. Mitchell. ; 1 ?Mr. McDermoU, for the plaintiff. . , j 'This was an »ction f«»r £65, on tho warrantry of a horso. . 1 Itsoemod that, tho i'lalntiff was in, treaty with tho defendant 1 for a horso; ho went to tho plaintiffs wife, and representing tiio ; horse as being staunch an'd sound, sold it to her for £112.' Tlid i liorso proved unsound, and was sold for £11 afterwards. No api pearauce was mado for tiiodeteudant. - Yerdlct for tho plaintiff* witii costs. ? . . , ; ' Evans v. Beauvols. ?Mr, Ilickinbotham for tho plaintiff; Mr. Nowton for tho dov denda'nt. ' ' .' .... 't ? ? ? ? , : t This was an action for £25 8s. 10jd., for goods sold and deli vered. '^lici^o was .^il.paid'iutoiCpnrt. ' , , . 1 . ?It seonis tljororwas a standing/account between tlie defendant) a storekeoper, and the' plaintiff atul his brnthor who wcro timber merchants.- The; particular amount In dispute was' for goods sup plied to tlie brother, 'which 'tho plaintiff contended was on a privato, aiul not a partnership account. ' .-His Honor said that tho affair was a shabby ono on tiio part of tho plaiiitlff. and regretted that tho law gave him tho ver dict. , V- ' * ? Verdict for tho plaintiff £-1' 8s. 10d., in addition to tho sum paid into court. ' '* ' . . 'Pearson v. Baldwin. Mr. Nowton for tho dofondtint; no appoaranco fortho plaintiff, Caso struck out. Defendant's costs allowed. ' Golding v. David. ' Mr. Nowton for tho plaintiff; Mr. Smyth for tho dofondant. s -This was an notion for £li; for goods bargained for and sold. It appeared tliat tho'dofendant wont, iu tho month of July last, to tho plaiiitlff, and ordered a dray of a peculiar description to be ready on a particular dato. Tho dray was mado and was not called for, but about two months afterwards tho defondant found fault with its construction, and it was still in tho plaiutltV's pos session. ' * * 1 1 ?Mr. Smyth 'said lie was entitled to a nonsuit, as tho dray had I notbcensold, , ' . . » 1 Mr. Nowton would not consent to a nonsuit. . 1 His Honor reserved tho point. * . It was pleaded for Iho dofendant, who admitted not calling for tho dray till about two months after tho timo agreed, that it was not made according to his instructions. A verdict was glvon.for tho plaintiff for £14, tho dlfforonco in value at tho timo. .Jacobs v. M'Combo. 1 . Postponed by consent till the 14 tii December, . Logan v. M'Leod. r ' ? Mr. Smith appeared. for tho defendant; no appoaranco was mado for tho plaintiff. . 'Tho caso was struck out, and tho defendant's costs allowed. ) . Cross v. Ewart. Mr. Smith for tho plaintiff; Mr. Copo for tiio dofendant. virho caso was postponed till. the November sittings, on paymont of tho costs of tlioday, and giving security for further costs. c r; - . Wilson v. Payno.' . , ? ' Mr. Nowton for tho plaintiff; Mr. p'Farroll for tho dofondant. Tills was an action for £31 5s.. for ropairing somo houses. Tho work had boen done by tho plaintiff without a contract,' and on Its complctioifho could not agree with tho dofendant as to tho proper remuneration for his labor, and camo to tiio Court for redress. ... Tho defendant paid £17 3s. Into Court, as tho truo*valuo of tho work done. . . Much timo was consumed in examining wltnosses In tho va rious items of tho account. . ?. ' Yerdlct for tiio plaintiff £84 10s. 6d., with costs, in addition to tho sum paid into Court. . . ? ; .Fardell v. Hodges. ? ' ? . Boer.v. Proskey, .! No appoaranco, Cj\sos stryck out. ? ' ?' pitchford v. Harwood. Mr. Sliaw for tho plaintiff'; Mr. Copo for tho defondant. This was an action for dGl5, for damages done by a cow. It appears plaintiff kopt a hay and corn store, in Brunswick Street/ Collingwood, and was annoyed by tho cow of tho defend ant, which, according to ills statement, haunted him like a ghost, it nto his hay day and night, broke, through galos aud fouces, lifted up lids of corn-bins, and oven kept him lroni church to drlvo him away from his property, .llo was annoyed by several other cows, but this ono trauscended all others in Its depreda tions. . . * It was pleaded for tho defendant that his cow was ono of tho town hord, and as tho.hay, corn, -fcc., of tho plaintiff, was ex posed in 'tho street jjeforo ]iis shoji, lie could not prevent tho animal snatching a mouthful of hay as it passed. - Yerdict for tho plaintiff is,, with costs of tho £10. Court. ; 0 :? Cause Li?t fortius day, 53 Liddlo v. McDougail, -? -. ' : 57 SQleberg v. O'Connor. » CO Fifshor v. Fisher. 1 01 Barton v. Race. '? 62 Murdoch v. Stephens. 63 Hfvrker v. Kelly. 65 Casslus v. Whitby, 73 Fayer v. .Cairns. i 74 Robinson, v. Cangurey, , 77 EUIot v. Sims. - 78 Johnston v. Sims, r 70 Wilkinson v. Situs. 