I THE COMMUNION SERVICE. $ After the Prayer for the Queen [Almighty God, whose Kingdom is everlasting] shall be read, the Collect for the Day as in the Morning Prayer [O Lord God Almighty], and then shall follow For the Epistle, "jeremiah vii. verses 1-7. Tun word that came to Jeremiah from the Lord, saying, Stand in the gate of the Lord's house and proclaim there this word, and say, Hear the word of the Lord, all ye of Judah, that enter in at these gates to worship the Lord. Thus saith the Lord of Hosts, the God of Israel, Amend your ways and your doings, and I will cause you to dwell in this place. Trust ye not in lying words, saying, The Temple of the Lord, the Temple of the Lord, the Temple of the Lord, are these. For if ye thoroughly amend your ways and your doings ; if ) e thoroughly execute judgment between a man and his neighbour ; if ye oppress not the stranger, the fatherless, and the widow, and shed not innocent blood in this place, neither walk after other gods to your hurt : then will cause you to dwell in this place, in the land that gave to your fathers, for ever and ever. The Gospel. St. Luke, ch. xiii. 9-14. And he spake this parable unto certain which trusted in themselves that they were righteous, and despised others : Two men went up into the temple to pray the one a Pharisee and the other a publican. The Phari- see stood and prayed thus with himself ; God, I thank ' Thee, that I am not as other men are, extortioners, unjust, adulterers, or even as this publican. I fast I twice in the week give tithes ofallthatlpossess. And the publican, standing afar off, would not lift up so much as his eyesore heaven, but smote upon his breast, say sing, God, be merciful to me a sinner. I tell you, this man went down to his house justified rather than the other for every one that exalteth himself shall be abased; and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted. ยง Then shall follow the Nicene Creed, Una after that the Sermon. 2 After the Prayer for the whole state of Christ's Church] the following shall be used. A Prayer for this Church and Kingdom. Blessed Lord, who has manifested Thy goodness to this Kingdom by an unusual period of prosperity and peace, now unhappily disturbed ; we beseech Thee to preserve in our minds a grateful sense of Thy past mercies. Take away from us, O Lord, all pride and hardness of heart, all neglect of Thy ordinances, and contempt of Thy word ; endue us with a spirit of piety and devotion, of justice and temperance, of humility and charity, and of all the graces which adorn the Christian profession that Thou mayest delight to dwell amongst us, and to do us good and that the blessings which, we have so long enjoyed, both spiritual and temporal, may through Thy Providence be continued to us and our posterity. And whilst we seek Thy protection against our enemies abroad, so we entreat Thee to ward off from our land that fearful pestilence which has threatened our welfare at home. As once thou didst give command to the destroying angel, Stay now thine hand ; so let Thy mercy prevail against judgment, and preserve us in health and safety, for Jesus Christ's sake, our onlyMediator.and Advocate. Amen. A Prayer for our Enemies. O Loan, and heavenly Father, who would not that any should perish, but that all should come to re- pentance, who hast commanded us to love our enemies, and pray for them which despitefully use us ; have mercy, we beseech Thee, upon our adversaries in the present War. Deliver them from the guilt of ambition and blood, and dispose their hearts to clemency and justice. Visit them, we pray Thee with thy spiritual blessings ; with reverence for Thy holy Name, Thy Wold and ordinances, and grant them to grow in grace, and in the knowledge of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, and in all charity and godliness of living. Let all mutual offences and hatred be removed from our hearts and giant that, being reconciled one towards another, we may unite in striving together to exalt and magnify Thy glorious name, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. Almighty God, who has promised to hear the petitions of them that ask in Thy Son's Name; Weber's seech Thee mercifully to incline Thine ears to us that have made now our prayers and supplications unto Thee and grant that those things which we have faithfully asked, according to Thy Will, may effectually be obtained, to the relief of our necessity, and to the setting forth of Thy glory, through J esus Christ our Lord. Amen. I Then the Priest [or Bishop, if he be present shall let them depart with this Blessing. The peace of God, which passeth all understanding, keep your hearts and minds in the knowledge and love of God, and of his Son Jesus Christ our Lord and the blessing of God Almighty, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost be amongst you, and remain with you always. Amen. 