THE NATIONAL H KART. Concerning the manifold ways, says Mr. R. Montgomery, in which the heart, or leading disposition of a country is formed, we are indebted to Mr. Basil Montagu f>r one of the finest passages in English literature. It is extracted from a sermon preached, in 1800. before the University of Cambridge, by Dr. Ramsden : - We will venture to say how, in the mercy of God to man, this heart comes to a. nation, and how its exercise or affection appears. s It comes by priests, by law-givers, by philosophers, by schools, by education, by the nurse's care, by the mother's anxiety, the father's severe brow. It comes by letters, by science, by every art by sculpture, painting, and poetry by the song on war, on peace, on domestic virtue, on a beloved and magnanimous king; by the Iliad, by the Odyssey, by tragedy, by comedy. It comes by sympathy, by love, by the marriage union, by friendship, generosity, meekness, temperance, by every virtue and example of virtue. It comes by Sentiments of chivalry, by romance, by music, by decorations and magnificence of buildings, by the culture of the body, by comfortable clothing, by fashions in dress, by luxury and commerce. It comes by the severity, the melancholy, and benignity of the countenance by rules of politeness, ceremonies, formalities, solemnities. It causes by the rites attendant on law and religion by the oath of office, by the venerable assembly, by the judges' procession and trumpet, hythe disgrace and punishment of crimes by public prayer, public facts, by meditation, by the Bible, by the consecration of churches, by the sacred festival, by the cathedrals glum and choir; by catechising, by confirmation, by the Lui sal of the dead, by the observance of the Sabbath, by the sacra- ments, by the preaching of the Gospel, by faith in the atonement of the cross, by the patience and martyrdom of the saints, by the sanctifying influences of the Holy Ghost * * * * Whence the heart of a nation comes, we have per chap i sufficiently explained, and it must appear to what most awful obligations are held those from whom this heart takes its texture and shape ; our kings, our princes, our nobles ; all who wear the badge of office or honour ; all priests, judges, senators, pleaders, interpreters of law; all instructors of youth, all seminaries of education, all parents, all learned then, all professors of science and art, all teachers of manners. Upon them depend the fashions of a nation's heart by them, it is to be chastised, refined, and purified by them is the State to lose the character and title of the beast of prey by them are the iron scales to fall off, and a skin of youth, beauty, freshness, and polish to come upon it; by them it is to be made so tame and gentle that a child may lead it." 