PUBLIC MEETING FOR THE SUP PRESSION OF INTEMPERANCE. A crowded meeting, having for itB ob ject the desirability of adopting measures for tho above-named purpose, took place at the Temperance Hall, York- street, on Tuesday evening last. At the suggestion of the Kev. Charles Price, Joseph Hone, l''eq., Chairman of the Hobart Town Quarter Sessions, was unanimously voted to the chair. Mr. Hone said— My friends, I scarcely know what you are about to do. I hod intended to be present at two meetings this evening, but I find I cannot attend both. When I came into this room, I was ' pounced' upon, and I considered you wanted a chairman. I have not yet read this, printed paper before me. I see, how ever, it is headed ' Suppression of Intem perance' — an object I hold nearest my heart. I am told tlio meeting is called to promote the Maine Liquor Law. I think that measure cannot be accomplished yet. I apprehend it will require the Sow of understanding and enlightenment to carry it out. Mr. Isaac Sherwin then read the paper referred to by the chairman, of which the following is a copy : — SOrPRESSION OF INTEMPEIUKCE. i no committee appointed at a meeting, held in the Temperance Hall, on tho 19th May, 85i(- to make an arrangement for a l'ubl'ic Meeting, to take the subject of Intemperance into consideration, have to offer the following Report, as embodying their sentiments :— They arc of opinion that, in a majority of cases, the inducements to intemperance donot arise from an inherent desire for intoxicating drink, bnt from those associations with which drinking in the present stute of society is al most a necessary concomitant. Recreation nnrf drink eecm to go hand in hand— and the temp tation to drink is presented in innumerable, cases : therefore, if the cause be removed, the effect will cease. That a sense of the imperative necessity for legislating on this important subject per vades many classes— in Great Britain and America, as well as in these Colonies— and it is for tho most part admitted, that nothing short of a prohibitory law, forbidding the traffic in intoxicating drink, will remedy the They believe that a large portion of the re flecting members of society will approve of a prohibitory measure, especially tlio working classes j and none more so than the victims of drunkenness. They are prepared to admit, tliat such a measure would entail pecuniary loss to a li mited portion of the community, but they con sider that the immediate advantages which M-ould follow universal sobriety, would remedy any such temporary inconvenience. In fact, they consider that such a measure would increase tlio happiness, security, wealth and health of society generally ,? and, above all, secure the approval of Almighty God, by removing that great stumbling block, over which so many thousands of our fellow-men are annually perishing. The Hev. Henry Lowling said, ho ap peared with his watch in In's band to keep himself under control, and lie hoped other speakers would do tho same. The increase of intemperance bad taken a vast time to spread as it Lab doao. ' When Iwas a lad,' said the rev. gentleman, ' a public house was a quiet obscure place.' ' 1 re member the time, and 1 dare sny, Mir, (addressing the chairman) y u hold it in recollection, too, when pot-boys went round with beer. There was little or no wine, and spirits consumed then. Cer tainly it occurs to mo concerning one one house, where there wero throe large bottles kept ou the very top bhelf. These were marked ' brandy,' ' rum,' ' gin,' and occasionally you would see persons stealing stealthily into this place, with bottles under their aprons, to purchase some of these strong beverages. Shortly after this 1 went to sea, and, ou my re turn, everything was going on quietly enough, except a little ' rowing' at Wap ping. Then were erected lirst-rate tavern1', where you were supposed to get it double strong — like a distiller once told me, capa ble of ' burning a hole, through a maho, gauy table.' Mr. Dowling, iu continue tiou said, the government, to beoelit it self, must benefit the people. He re marked that the Lieuteuant-Governor — the Judges — tho Chairman of Quarter Sessions, had become alarmed at the pitch to which intemperance had attained in this colony. Ho spoke of the frtct of au English judge, who, whilst recently charg ing the graud jury, as to the fate of one hundred Accused persons, fell dead from tho mere contemplation of the vice intem perauce had, and was creating. He said, there was as much money spent in intox icating drinks iu England as would defray the national expenses altogether: and here, too, he remarked, £100,000 per year was spent in duty aloae. 'I he Lieutenant Governor had expressed his opinion that intoxicating drink destroyed both the health and lives of the people. He (the speaker) believed that had he not given up intoxicatiug drinks twenty years ago, ho would not have attained his- present age and happiness. Mr. Dowling said, Unit intemperance must be done away with. He then read the following resolu tion, remarking, that it was for the meet ing to suggest to the Legislature what steps should be taken to accomplish what they bad iu view. ' That as the object of civil government is to preserve the lives and properties of the people, and to promote moral and social wel fare, it is neither right nor politic for the state to afloid legal protection and sanction to any traffic or system that tends to increase crime, waste the national resources, to corrupt the social habits, and to destroy the health and lives of the people.' The Kev. A. Stackbouse, in seconding the foregoing resolution, said they might bo looked upon iu tho light of parents suggesting what was right for their chil dren. He would read to them a good testimony in favor of teetotalism, given to him by a publican. It was a singular testimony, received by him at tho death bed of a respectable man — a man for whom ho entertained esteem. Ou au occasion prior to receiving the testimony referred to, he asked the same person ' why ho did not go to church ?' The reply w.is — ' I can't be a hypocrite — I should after wards have to 6erve out the drugs.' Sub sequent to this, tho poor man was seized with a decline. I visited him on his death u.'d, iuul while speukiug to him of intoxi cating drink, he exclaimed ' Do as they will — the Devil's in it !' ?' These,' said the rev. gentleman, ' are the dying words of a publicau !' The government, iu his opinion, had no right to sanction tho sale of that which was injurious to the people — it was inexcusably wroug. The remark had been made to him. ' Oh, you're sup ported by State aid, and that money is derived from the revenue produced by the duties ou driuk.'' Mr. Stackhouso saiJ, if my father were a publican, and I were in want, aud he told me ho could give me no more assistance without keeping a public house, 1 would reply ' So be it, father, / will not line on the wages of iniquity.' The same with State support : if the Go vernment were to say ' We cannot sup port the clergy without the sale of intoxi cating liquors,' I for one one, said Mr. Stackhouse, would say, ' I will not live on the wages of iniquity.' Tho resolution was then put and carried. The Chairman here rose, and claimed tlio attention of the meeting for a brief period. Ho said the State did not affect sanction to tho principles enunciated by some people regarding the sale of strong drinks. It was a portion of the commu nity, a strong portion of the community who did this, and among them the magis tracy, lu granting licenses, the State intended the erection of inns for the accommodation of travellers, places for passengers to get refreshments — not for meu to make beasts and brutes of them selves. He asked pardou lor encroaching ou tlio time of tho meeting, and trusted the people would make a strong appeal to tho Justices to curtail tho number of licenses. By sweeping them awny, and keeping them in the back-ground', they would attain their end. Tho Kev. Charles Price, in proposing the next resolution, said it carried with it a weight of great importance. Ho was sure if the evil they had met to remedy owed its origin to disease, wo would all meet together heart iu hand, with the greatest unanimity of feeling, — if the source flowed irom cholera or auy other malady, we would all meet together as one man, and drive it from us. But there was a utonied interest at stake, and therefore we fool we have much to encounter. Some may entertain the idea that wo are endea vouring to elevate one class and impoTerish and distress another. But he looked upon the present movement as tho very child of philanthropy. Drunkenness was an evil to all classes of the community. Wo all suffer from its efl'ects— men, women, and children. The question is — How are wo to subdue the evil ? How aro we to go forth ? Ho would be the last man iu the world to injure n fellow-creature, and would leave off tho uso of anything to benefit his fellow-creature. Drunkenness, they all knew, sweeps the poor man's house, and garnishes the habitation of tho rich ! Did it not act tho part of the robber ? id it not assume tho character of tho murdeierf Was it not the creator of rags— paver!? —and crime ? The people hhuuld look nt it as a gigantic monster? Did it, not look a moiiBter in a drunken innn ? Did it not appear a hideous monster iu a woman ? Somo people assert it is ticklish ground on which wo aro treading. He did not think so. If tho question at issue only involved a pri vate interest, it might be difficult to com bat it. But what interest can we bring into conipetitiou with the murder and rapiue drunkonues is committing ? What with tho gaols it fills? What with tho vice it creates? Talking of revenue. Was any Government justiflerl in raising ii revenue by tho butchery of its people? Did any law, human or divine, ever con template such a proceedure? A license was granted to a public house to sell for the accommodation of travellers. It was meanC for a useful tree. It has become a Upas tree. Sir Price considered they might alter Acts of Council as they liked, but if was included the public sale of in toxicatiug drinks, a failure would be the result. Sir. Price did not desire — it was foreigu to his wish — to hurt the feelings of auy one, but in speaking of the busi ness of a publican, ho did not alludo to men and women employed in it, but to the house alone, and ho looked upon it as the ' Work of tho Devil.' Twenty-two years' experience had made in him this convic tison, and ho believed that if he lived twenty-two years longer, it would grow deeper. I have been present, continued the speaker, at the death bed of a fellow creature, whoso dissolution was caused by delirium tremens, and oh, it was an awful — au agonising, sight to behold ! Aud as a Christian, and a man, can I but feel as I do ? I speak out boldly and fearlessly. I speak under these terrible convictions. If I am wroug — convince me ! It' my views are chimerical ? convince me ! Some people apprehend if public houses are doue away with sly-grog shops will spring up iu tlieir places, aud emi^rauts will suiugglu intoxicating liquors in tlieir boxes, ad mitting this, what is it in comparison with entire cargoes landiug on our shores ? What would it be to the immense con sign ments which swell our advertising sheets? Again, he would call the atten tion of the meeting to another fact. Latterly, if you went iuto the saddler's shop, and asked — where are all vour men ? '? Oh, they're over the way drinking !' Go to the carpenter's shop— the tailor's shop — and all other shops, and maay oflices also — with the same enquiry, aud you will receive the same response — ' i -\i ! they're over the way, drinking!' Yes, and I would tell this meeting that there aro gentlemen and ladies who get drunk in this town. Gentlemen and ladies die drunk in I.auncetton. A pattern (or the trade of selling strong drink cauuot be cut iu auy shape, The sale of intoxica ting drink cannot be couuteuanced in auv shape. Mr. Price then read tbo memorial aud following resolution : — 'That no considerations of personal interest or public revenue can justify the upholding of a system go utterly wrong' in principle, and disastrous ii results as the traffic iu intoxicat ing liquors, and that therefore a memorial be presented to the honorable the legislative coun cil of this colony, proving it to enact a law similar to '.hat now in operation in severe! states of North America, to the effect, ' That it shall be illegal to import, manufacture, sell, or barter intoxicating drinks, save for mecha nical or medicinal purposes,' and that the fol lowing be the memorial.' Tho Hev. Mr. Smith seconded the reso lution. Hi said, after the long, able, and earnest address of Sir. Price, he felt there was but listle left (or him to say ou the subject, lie considered the large attend auce present indicated the regard the meeting entertained for its own and the public interest. Addressing tho Chair man, tho speaker said, ' Wheu, Sir, 1 see a man like you — a gentleman surrounded by a large family — taking the position you at present occupy, 1 feel glad indeed ; and I think all who know the awful responsi bility they owe to God should assist iu the good work iu which we are engaged. Al r. Smith then referred to a meeting of a si milar character held at Newnham lately, where, he said, all the people in and about the neighbourhood attended, and concluded that the ' prohibitory law' was the most desirable. He believed the cause would eventually meet with the accept ance ana concurrence ot an overwhelming majority of his conntrymen. Tho other day he had a conversation with a trades man, who said he had not minutely studied the Maine Law, but according to the su perficial view ho entertained of it, it would be au encroachment on the liberty of the subject — tho importer aud the publican for instance — aud decrease the revenue. Now these arguments might be easily met. For instance, when the great question, the Abolition of Slavery, was first originated, was not the cry about the revenue then made ? But did high and enlightened minds cease to combat against the mouster evil ? When the Com Laws were talked of, did not the farmers say it would mili tate against their interest? But did Cobden, aud other meu of brilliant intel lect aud philanthropic principles cease to fight the good fight? Decidedly not. For a time, the efl'ects of the Maine Law would bo felt in proportionate ratio to the Abolition of Slavery and tho Corn Law, but in the end it would do good for all. Air. Smith said it was written iu a good old bnok which they all recoguised — ' Righteousness exalteth a nation.' Ho spoke not from his own fallible judgment, but on that great principle. Ho believed tin' Maine Law was good. (Mr. S. here read a portion of a letter written by an Episcopalian Bishop of Maine.) lu con clusion, he said he was actuated by a fcel iny of doing good to society, aud a keen koiiko of the duty he owed' to God. He seconded the resolution. -1r. Sams said— Friends aud fellowco lonists, you may think it presumptuous ou my part to appear before you to propose tho ameudmeut 1 have hintily scribbled out whilo in the meeting, 'i put tbo amendment 1 hold in my hand, solelv ou my own responsibility. 'l was delegated ono of tho committee where Beven voted I for the resolution I hold in my hand, and [ six for the Maine Law. Gentlemen, I do I not appear before you to make a long i speech, nor for any sinister object. Inte grity — honesty of character — and tbo good of tbis community I have ever studied since I have been among you ; aud I trust you will not, on this occasion, be led away by long-fungled harangues. Why should you have recourse to pledges adapted only for the habitual drunkard aud the maniac ? Why should you, as sober, temperate men, bo denied your glasB of wine because others choose to abuse it P Is it because iu the (State of Maine the judge sits on the seat of judgment with a pistol in his hand, and tho couucil assemble armed with revolvers, that we are to adopt our mnuuers accord ing to the State of Maiue? Are we, a1} Knglishmeu, to be dictated to by tbis State f He, for one, would lift up his voice against such au innovation of his rights. After some remarks, Mr. Sams read the following amendment. ' That this meeting beg tho legislature to take into their earliest consideration the crime of drunkenness, and establish such stringent laws as may abate it.' Mr. Sams then appealed to the meeting to know whether they would Buffer a direct attack to be made on the government under which they were born ? Ho spoke of the glories of British Institutions — of British liberty. Ministers were right in pointing out the evils of intemperance ; but in adoptiug the present course, said he, may we not ' grasp at tho shadow, and loose the substance?' Air. Bart ley hnd brought him before a meeting recently held, as ' Air. Sams,' and coxld not understand how he could advocate n temperanee- He denied ever having doae 6o. ' Ai iglit they uot overstep their duty?' In denouncing, as some of the reverend gentlemen present did, the use of alco holic drink as promptings of tho Devil, ia classing all with the intemperate, were they not doing agreat wrong to the vast majority of the community ; surely that iirst miracle performed by our Saviour, the conversion ot water into wiue, must not be forgotten. (A voice — ' Bah !') It is easy to say ' bah !' I respect the Scrip ture, and I pray to my Maker as earnestly as any reveroud gentleman present ; and still 1 hold it 'is the abuse aud not the UBeof God's good gifts that is siuful.' Ho considered that society should not be dis organised, and injustice perpetuated, by the enactment of laws, unjust and uncon stitutional, at the instance of those who, in very many cases had shown that it was only by coercion tboy would be ruled. Mr. Adye Douglas rose to support the ' amendment. He wished both sides of the question to be discussed. He supposec they all had the good of the community at heart. At a meeting held at the Coun cil Chamber a few days ago, thirteen com mittee men present, the amendment was put — there were seven for it (confusion). Mr. Douglas, calmly — ' I hope this is not the fore-runner oi the Maine Law.' He continued — aud six against it ; in fact, the majority of voices was iu favor of the amendment (more confusion). Mr. Doug las resumed. The teetotalers are excited this evening, and it seems to be an under stood thiug to hiss any person but a cler gyman. ^!ou are told if a poor individual drunkard dies, ' he's been dealing with the devil.' But you hear nothing posthu mous relative to the gentlemen who say ' John, have you birched the tea — sanded the sugar — and watered tho tobacco ?' ' Yes !' ' Then come to prayers.' Ob no, that don't do. Mr. Dougias did not, like his worthy aud revereud friends, wish to pester the meeting by reading loug let ters. He desired cotumou-sense to rule. The Maine L'quor-iJaw he designated an absurdity, inasmuch as it provided only for the non-sale of spirituous liquors, and allowed its importation iu any quantities. Some of the geutlemen present seewied disposed to out-Herod Herod, aud put the Maine Law in the shade altogether. But, be would appeal to them as sensible meu, what are our laws for, but to bo carried out. In Maine, they were a number of years before they attained anything like an enforcement of their acts ; and he con tended that this community was uot yet rife for the stringent measures proposed. Would it uot be better to go on by de grees, lest in catching at the shadow, we lose the substance. Mr. Price conjures up hob-goblius and tries to frighten you into the Maine Law. lie tells you if you don't espouse it you'll go to' the devil headlong. This was all chimerical. Mr. Douglas would suggest that public-houses should be kept under proper control. Looking around he saw some good samples of temperate men. He called upou the meeting not to be led away by Air. Price's 'ghost stories' — not to be influenced bv appeals to tlieir imagination. He would flue the drunkard for the first offence — im- prison and fine him for the second. If de sirable, ho would send him to the Quarter Sessions ; and before his release from pri son, he would furnish each publicau with a list of drunkards whom ho was not to ?serve. Drunkenness, in his opinion, had decreased duriug the past twelve months. He was a strong advocate for temperance aud teetotalism (a laugh) ; but I will not yield to a law to take away my wine and ale, unless all do without it. Air. Douglas then read the amendment. Mr Theodore Bartley would support the report of the committee. It had come within the knowledge of the meeting that the legis lature had lonij tried to stop drunkenness. The words of the Lieutenant-Govornor in council assembled prove it, aud he said 'All praise to Sir William Deuison !' From what bad been said, one would hare thought that nothing had been done to put dowu intem perance. Stringent measures liavo failed. Is not the publieau hound by his recogni zances not to got drunk in bis own hotisi-, nor let another person gut drunk there;1 Hi- should like to know how much Her Majesty'* coffers had beiiefilted by this re gulation. He never knew of a recognizance being cstrei-tod yet. The only part of the recognizanee publicans kept, was not to let a drunken man remain on their premises — '? v-lwn lie had no money', — and this part they kvpt tucfet religiously. Hek would ask, did tbey not. see drunken mi-ii about the streets daily P He. had ao .faith in magis trates. He recollecled an imile.nce in this coluny, where thirty-two magistrates as sembled for the purpose of considering the propriety of curtailing lhe number of licensed house*. In connection with one of the houses to which an objection was urged, one of the justices said, us their was dancing in the establishment, it promoted the edu cation of youth. To another that was opposed, it was said it was the resort of thieves, and that the constable on duty could watch both the thieves and the house. To another house, to which an objection wa« urged, it was argued that the neighbourhood was pestered with sly grog shops and runa ways, and as the applicant for the license was an old policeman, he would break one up and cause tho apprehension of the other. On one occasion, he recollected a constable taking some brandy to a magistrate because it was not good. The worthy justice after lasting it, pronounced it — not first-rate ! ' It you trust in magistrates' said Air.1 Bwtley, ' they will deceive you ' A mem ber of council once said, the people would not support a move in favour of temperance, and the press refused its aid because the publicans were good customers. The case was different uow ; the press aud the people have come forward. Gentlemen, I have shuddered at the mortality among publicans through their dealing in spirits ! What has filled the gaol, of which Air. Sams is under sheriff, with unfortunate criminals ? What has led many au unfortunate victim to the ecaffold, on which solemn occasion, Mr, Saius has been called upon to attend ? What ! but drunkenness 'f Gentlemen, I never said Air. Saras was an advocate of intemperance. I never knew hiaj to be in temperate. I honor him as a humane and good man, and if I did not know he did not like his craft, I would say that he was cry ing out, like the Ephesians of old, ? ' Our Craft is in danger!' Air. Bartley would like to know what the police cared about their duly. It was well-known you could wind them round your fincer for a few pounds! It was said the abuse, and not the use, was where the evil rested. He did not think bo. He would warn them against holding out temptation in one hand, and punishment in the other. He caution ed them not to say with one hand, there's intoxicating liquors, hut don't take one drop too much or we'll punish yo'u. Mr. Philip Smith of Boss, said, he thought Mr. Douglas had not cone far enouffb. although his proposition seemed fa;r, and the other did not. H« considered they should petition for no importation of strong drink to he allowed, and he deemed the meeting deserving of scorn if they passed any hal: measure. He did not see why the rich man should he allowed to drink, and the poor man be compelled to abstain. He would advocate what was right, and leave the rest to a higher power. He felt ex ceedingly glad that he had attended the meeting. Air. Smith then read bis viewa of the case, which were prohibitory of the sale of intoxicating drinks altogether. Mr. Smith continued. He thought the place was ripe for prohibition. According to the resolutions before the meeting, every shoemaker, shopkeeper, &c;, who had a little money, could become an importer, and thus evade what they were trying to put down. Air. Smith said the magistracy could not accomplish what they desired, and I submit, said he, that they have la mentably neglected their duty ; ;iud I con tend that tbey have for years been eye witnesses of the evils complained of. ' I could not,' said Air. Smith, find it in my heart to pass a severer restrietion than at present exists on the drunkard. The tap is lhe only source of amusement for the poor man. Air. Hutchinson secondod the adoption of Mr. Smiths memorial. Mr. Adye Douglas thought if the Maine Liquor Law was to be carried out, let it be carried out iu its integrity. Let Air. Smith's notion be carried out in its entirety. The people must carry out the law. Mr. Price said, I shall not attempt to conjure up ghosts as Air. Douglas says, but I will at once to the point, and ask what more stringent laws can we pass? Can. you punish the poor drunkard more severely than he punishes himself. I do not like to be personal ; but drunkenness makes work not only for publicans, but for lawyers, too. How many young men have ended their fate on the gallows through intemperance P How many gaols has it filled ? Then do not attempt to hide its delormities. My vipws, I tell you, arc prohibition altogether. It is a step farther. But I will go with it. Dou't let's do nothing. Stringent laws do not touch the question. He hoped the ori ginal motion would he carried. Air. Smith's amendment, as follows : ? ' That to make a law which invades tho privileges and enjoyments of one class, and permits them to another, strikes at the root of every principle of equity and justice, provokes breaches of the law, and lowers the standard of public morality.' was then put and carried. Ayes, ? 76 to 60. Noes, ? 3. The Chairman then said, it was not ne cessary for him to put any other amend ment, as Air. Smiths had beeu carried by an overwhelming majority. After a vote ol thanks the meeting separated. 