SQUATTOCttATlC IMl'UDIÎNOi;. {l'rom tin Melbourne iWoriiiiiy Ucraltl, January TI.ero iii ii wliolrsomo maxim known to tho iiiuv, to tlio ollV'Ot. thal " no linn should, sleep up n his rights.'1 Tho Si|iuitti'rs luivo implored upon this. Thurn gentlemen lu ilher sleep iiiinn their own rights, nor upon other people's. They never 1 jso ii chance. Their wuil is ever heiird, lu tuition or out of season. In tho ohstimito peiti niiuity ol' their giicf ul'ior (ivhut they lui va brought themselves to eons'ilur) thar iirivs, thov ure lino lluohel mourning fur her children, "ami will mit ho comforted." Something leo nundi of this, lt is hurd eniuic.li thin wo must ha subjected to our sanguine, but deluded, .Murphy's olul ornle dissertations upon tho riso, pr gro«s, Iruumoii du ni, nu-ri I.", chums, und porsi mitions of Siput! leis: hut if is ult jollier iiitoVruhlo that ue should tui'i't all ihuso in bulk, lull hui t, in thu 'u-l e'linn nf tho bill f r the Kow Coistitutinii. Hero it is -let it speuk fr itselfi- " l'rovliled, that nothing herein contitinitt shall prevent or be con- struct! to jircvcm the fulfilment of any contract, jitomite. or engagement, nm lo by or on behalf ul' Her Mnjestv willi io<pei't to any lauds situnttil nit h'm tho enid Ui luny, in any casu uluru such contract, promise, or engagement shall have been lawfully math before the time at which this ?.iel shall take effect within the sahl Colony; Provided, a'so, (lint if tho Legislature of tho su'il Colony should ut tiny (imo hereafter deem It expedient to abridge or abrógalo any vested, or ot/ur right or interoit, which has arcrucd or arisen undi r or hy virtito of ul'iir, sahl Act of J'artiaiiient, passed in ibu 'Jib and Ililli year ol' Her Majesty's rollin, Intituled *nn Aol tn aiiieml ti*» Aut fur régu- lai itig Ibo salo of Wustu Lund belonging to tho frown, iii thu Amt lillian Colouhs, mid lo tiiukii 1'iirllier provision for tho iiiaiiiigoinciit tho-ouf .' or by virtue ot any Order or Orders ol' lier Majesty in Council issued in pursuance thereof, or any law authorising or enacting snell abridg- ment or abrogation shall bu wholly void ami Inoperative, union it contain an effectuai jiro vision awarding fall comjiciisulion to all ¡¡ártica injuriously affected by any such lalo." Now, it thu reader who hus just perused Ibo iihovu should boro puusn to I ibo breath nw hilf, or oven ¡fha shuiiiU emit sumo streng expression ol'illsgitst und Impatience, wo think ho may very reasonably bo forgiven g for wo havo un hesita Hun lu saying that anything mora coolly impudent (linn this whole proviso, fruin beginning to end, ?lover wu« uniboilicd within tho terms ot written < or unwrlttou bm-. If wo do not make good this assertion wa shall ho aantent to luivo euch uhnrgo of impudence rulorted un ourselves. ' 'Thu proviso is i'riiiiud upon tho assumption that thu sijuuttrrs, ut this moment, und under tit» -I-:-.-.-,, pres. nt Htute of the Inw, hftvo coitnin Tented rights which, but for tho prov'so itsel I, maybe in- juriously affected hy the Other' provisions of tho Act not before tho t ottncil. Tho Squatters, it is very certain,- either have vested rights or they have not. If they luive vintod. rights, it. ia n4mittod that they have them, either under tho. Act of Purl Minient ai ove mentioned, or under the Ord-rs of tlie Queen in Council, winch «re of equal uuth-rity with the Act of Parliament. If they (ossess nested rights uniter suoh an authority ns this, how can niivilunn to he said or done br n Colonial Legislature abridge or abrogate such, riiihU? And if Ihey have not such rights at all, «hero is the uso ol' tho proviso whian wo havo ubovo oxtrooted ? "Oh!' cries tho Attorney (leuersl, "wo know tho Lonisl.ituro with whom we aro i.ow dealing, but we know net the Legis- lature with which »ve mny herent'ior havo to i eui. . Hence, apparently, the supor-uhuiidunt caution for tho nqtmttirs.* To nhioh we neilin answer that tho ttruattcrs either have vetted right*, or they have not. If they have them, then, neither, nom nor hereafter cnn they lie taken away, even expressly by a Colouial cu tennent. Tho New Constitutonnl Art, if it pnss tc morrow, and without tito jiroviso to whioh wo object, will l>e simply silent nbuut either squatters' or ' vrsted rights.' And, would tho Attorney: Clencral iu that ouse Tftttitio to contend thnt nny vi'st'd right the squatters ponte» now cnn. bo ' ' impliedly tifuotcd, nml that retrospectively, by ntty ono lino, or word of this Constitutional Act f Very certain mo we that he will not lingard bis imputation upon any Bttelt position. Well thon, trhoto the necessity of mixing np with our Const!, tittil nal Act, nny" provision ubuut vestoJ right8 nt till ? Why, 'Apparently, because Equu'.ter : members must be | ropitiuted- becnuso squatter meinboin' uhirins mttst ' bo soothed-because ir'qiinltets desire-mark you, you unsuspecting.' publia !-to procure, ut tito lunids of a Colonial lirg's'nturo, not only a distinct ii'hnission that thu Squatters have »erteil right», but niuo to pro- curo a positive lift above t/ieir present legal po. i tion-ns » o proceed to show. Tho Act of lVrlimnont, Otb and 10th of Vic- toria, ch. 104, ivfeired to in tho above-extracted jiroviso, is ii very thert Act consisting of only tl irtcou clauses j and it is under tho Gth clausa of this Act that tho Queen is empowered,,, - hy '. Orders in Council,'* '. lo imtko rules and iVfculatioi s, ns to lier Majesty sliull seem moot, \\. ' fer tho put puses iilure:ii!d, tr fur tiny of them, and any stielt rulen mid regulations [murk, rea tier ff again to repeal, renew, alter, aud amend, mid nil such Or Jot s iu Council sholl havo tho force nnd t fleet of law in the Colonies aforesaid." Now, it wat* under tliis pirtion of the 6th clause of the Act that the Queen tumlo thu Orders in Coui.cil (ti tted from tho Court at Osborne House, Islo ofWinht, the «Jilt day of March, 1847,) and iindt'i' which tho squatters have over tinco, and still do, urgo their exorbitant mid | reportorous pretensions. Hut from unionist theso Orders our squatter friends huvo ever forgotten to cull tho pooplo's attention to the 9th section of cluipter 2, wbioh is as follows : Thnt nnthini/ lu thom reflultttwiu, orin any ¡tate tobe granted under the power* hereby verteil in the Governor, thatl prevent the mitt Governor or n flleer for the time bc inp tulminùtering the government of thc mut Cotony,from makin!/ Krautsor tat.-* of nni/titnd* within the. limits of the run or hind* Cl l.M I'ltlSHI) I.V Sirt'll I. HA HU Kl lit I'lrilMC PUItl'liSHK. or itisiKifinti i¡f it III such other manner ns tor the public interest limy seem best, such lands ns mny tte required fur the sites ofch undies, schools' ur pnrsonuKcs i ur tur (he ennst ruction nf high roads, or railways, anil railway stations or other internal commit* nleatluiiH. whether hy html ur water; ur Tur thu usu or lienetit ol'thu nhnrlKhi'd inhabitants of thu nouutry ; or fur public hiiildiiiu:*; or as places for tho hitor luent of the ileail, or pillees fur thc recreation or munno* mont or thu liihaliltauts ¡ or any town or VIUIKII; or un thu hiles of public quay* or landing places tai the sea must or shores of UIIVIKIIUIU struuius ; ur fur thu pur|iosa of sinking- shafts nuil dlüglnpi for coal, iron, copper, lund, ur other inlnoinls. and elleetually working eoal, or Iron, ur copper, lead, or other minerals ; or far any other pur* ¡Hites nf piddle defence, safety, utility, eonvenleiicn, or enjoyment, on run oniKinvisi: IMITIUTATINII TUB INPROVK MI'.NT AMI SKTTI.I:MI:NT ur Tim Coui.vv: hut so that Uta quantity of land which may hu granted or sold to any Hallway Company shall not exceed, In all, tho rato of one hundred acres for every nillo Ihcruof in length. Now, trusting thnt tho reader has perused carefully tho ni.ovo nth Slot ¡un, wu ask him «hat ho thinks nny promise nf a fourteen yours' lenso is worth, with thal Otb chumo staring both pro- miser mid prcmisoo in tho fuco? Ky that Uth clause, cvoti tho leas j itself is determinable, at nny t'nio, with respect tu tiny port of tho hinds lensed hy it whenever the Governor shall think it will "facilitate thc improvement and settlement of the Colona." What, then, do theso boasted Orders in Council givotliu Squatters? Just th's: tho uso of tho lauds until they aro «?anted for more important purpures ¡-for four tofti you iv, nu doubt, if tho Intuís uro not wanted before tho expiration of fuui'toen years ; und, ns certainly, not necessarily for fourteen days, if ' tho improvement mid sett lenient of tho Colony" shall denium), without delny the resumption of those lands hy tho publie, to whom they light fully belong. Aro wi» right, (ir vcr Ufr, Mum, in stnting Hint if llii« obnoxious nml ti 1K ni t ¡ II ii I > 1 o pun ¡so sliuuld lulls tim Council, tho ellbet will ho tngivcu further lift to tho Si|iinlti»rs, mid strengt hon their ulreiidy vastly too gi en t inltvcueo, doth in tho Colony und in tho mother country f Tho proviso would go homo ns ii distinct mid must significant expression el'opinion against nny lu turo Viet oriuti Legislature lieiiii ullowcil to deni with thu runs, ns Mr. Ln, Troho cnn cvon now do willi lliciii if ho likes-und is doing. Tim proviso would nisei he properly cou slruoled ul homo, ns opposed tn tho Queen's right ol'oxerehiug tho nd ul n ry power which sho now possesses, under thu Act ol' l'nrlinuient itself, of " repealing, ulteriug, or (Unending," even thu vory Ordois in Council iilrcnily linnie, und which wo huvo hecn discussing. Lot tho render out thia unido out, mid pisto it lu n husk, for tho sake of huving this grund saving ohiiiso, thu Dib,'ni woy s hy him. Let him, moreover, linster thc wholo subject, unless ho desire I liait the Squatter should fusion himself upon our shoulders, ns " tho Old Ainu rf tho Pot" did ilp ili those of Sinbad tho Suitor! BO tliut hcroificr it m ny bo next to im- possible liy iioncuftil menus lo sluiko tho arch- enemy oil". Vor our nu n pm I, wo consider this (|llt».sl'iou us iuipn:tiint lo the colonisl ns over wns iMugiiiiChiirln, or Hill of liighlsto nur forefathers. Anil If, wo have not yet tumlo good our pledgo iibouti thu impuduiiee of this Squatter protosting pioviso, it is only boonu-1» tho huving ii lien dy exceeded ibo usuùl limit of ll nciinpiipri- artklo compels tts to I ut tho residuo if our limiter into inuit her day. How TO (ll-.T Ul' A How WITH YOtlll WlFH. r'irsl. p'nu.-Tu ko her lu tho t lieut re. Select, tho prit liest girl in tho hoiisu ; keep your lorgnette pretty constantly fixed on her. ltuuiiirk to your wife thal, that Is tho stylo of beauty you admire. Wife will ftut Ihlgotty mid crom. Observo what, nu odd thing il is Hint no woman cnn hum- to bu told ol anybody btitig prettier than hrrsolf. Tho row will thus bo put in good lenin, and you tuiiko it moro or loss strong ns you plciiso. fcVei'iid pinn.-Walt until ymir wllo is at her toilet, preparatory to goingout. Shu will bo su io to ask if hoi- bonnet, is straight, I'.i'innrk, tho lives ol' iilno-tinilhs or Ilm Winnen ure. passed lu thinking whether their bonnels uro straight, sensi liing tho observation by it coi,oral Befit's of lelh'utlolis on tho v»linio sex, us being a set, of drowsy humbugs, und winding up with a reimirk, that you never knew but one girl who had any common ? MMIHII II Inuit, lu r. Hile will II - li »lui thut was? You willi a sigh, rep'y, "Ahl nover you mimi." Wiro will u>k why you did not, tniirrv lin-, then? You say iibslrni'ti'dly, "Ahl whv Indeed V" 'i he row ls now sniffy iiuiJemeigh. Third j lan.-Tell your wife you urn going to Puris for ii mimili.' Sho will ask to iieeoiiipiiny you. Itcply, tliut I hal is out of tho question; you uro gidug ii|iim business. Wife «¡ll it«lc '«hui bushier*. Answer timi is u secret which you uro not justified in leveiillng. Wife will say "Ah I ii pri'lty sjrtiif business that you're afraid to toll your wife of." Hu you now kucp silont, nuil tho Indy »III finish tho opération of getting up ii row herself.- The Humourist. Tin: Diu II Ai.tvt:.-A coli bruted cliuiucloroito tiny met a mun lu tho streets crying aleut bia deli th, whun hu gavu tho fellow ti liemeniluiis box on thu uar, lidding, " Taha that, mid If I um dead, jun will, at least, bulluvu lu ghosts." TA UTI* ron MIIHIU.-'I'ho infamotis Duko of I.ailderibilii used to nay that ho hud rather hourn nut mow ttl mi tho boat music In tho world ; anil tho butler tho mush) tho moro siok it mada hlui. 