GOLD DISCOVERED AT DEMONDREL, AND AT ILLAGONG CREEK, WITHIN THREE MILES FROM THE TOWN OF BINALONG Binalong, August 11, 1854 About a fortnight or so back, information reached here, that gold had been discovered at Demondrel, a station belonging to Messers Wise and Marsh, within two or three inches of the sur- face, and news was subsequently confirmed by the exhibition of 11 or 12dwts. of the precious metal, in grains about the size of cabbage-seed, and of that quality usually termed fine; but the interest created by this discovery in the minds of the good people of Binalong, who naturally rejoiced in the idea of having a goldfield, even at the distance of 25 miles from their homes, was wholly absorbed on Saturday last (5th instant) by the infinitely more exciting announcement that tho "root of all evil " had just made its appearance within three miles of their township; not in that "questionable shape" assumed by the ghost of Hamlet, senior, but in the unmistakable one of nuggets. The gold was first discovered by a girl, aged from 11 to 12 years, the daughter of a person named Saunderson, superintendent to Messrs Patterson of Illalong. It would appear that this girl, impelled either by curiosity or by something that she had heard said, formed the resolution of ex- amining the bed of a small creek, leading into the main one at Illalong, and her youthful efforts were so far successful as to put her in possession of several bits of the coveted metal, which she, attended by her mother, brought into town and exhibited to E. Beckham Esq. Police Magistrate and others; the result has been, that on the following day the worthy magistrate, attended by a party of the most influential persons in the town, repaired to the spot indicated, and after going through the needful process of washing half a dozen dishes of earth, succeeded in bringing to light a very respectable specimen of the nugget family, varying in weight from half an ounce downwards, and amounting in all to about 40 dwts. —thus proving, beyond the possibility of a doubt, the auriferous nature of the locality in question. As there are several experienced diggers in and about this town, little apprehen- sion need be entertained, that the capabilities of these newly discovered gold fields, will escape a further and more vigorous test. And here it may not be amiss to add, for the information of persons connected by business or otherwise with this part of the interior that its inhabitants have lately made an active movement towards getting their Postal Communications extended to twice a week, w hich will no doubt be attended with success. Tur. DAY or 1'iUYcn ANO FASTI.NO.-Yester- day, n bright and sunny morning east its cheer- ing influences on tho good people ot' Goulburn a population allundy predisposed to seriousness by tho awful solemnity of tho occasion, which marked ns H were a new era in their existence nero to br seen in all directions, with a look of mingled cheerful noss mid serioustioss ¡ cheerful- ness arising from thu conviction that tho uuuso in which soino ol' their relatives wcreperhnps at tbnt very hour engaged in deadly stril'o wns a just one; mid Buriunsnoss, springing from n con sci usncss t.huu liowovor just our cn uso maybe, yet that, for our iniquities wo dosorvo chastiso inont, und til nt deep humiliation and for Vent prayer iilono would he acceptable, ns tv means vf nvoning tho dreadlul cala- mities incident lo war. » Tho whole of tho simps mid places of business wero closed, and un air of solemnity peivaded nil classes, equal to [untiling wo kure observed on tho Sabbath day. l'ho various j luces of wo- »hip in tho town wore moie than usually full, and from what wo could poisonully lenin and hear fi om o th ors, tho wor- ship wits HOI tlmt of external lorin, but of that deep mid ho'y tthuruotor which springs from tba beni t~n devotion linmiitglcd with selfish consi- derations, ami jiiciidiiig ns ni noll for mitigating the horrors of nur und protection to tho widow mid tho orpliiiH, ns fi r thoir own individual wel- fare. Cn tl o evening, Divli e Sortieo was alco performed in e.icli of tho respcotivo places of woiBliip, each congregation, ns fur ns wo could learn, evincing un equal dog reo of dovotioil to tint shown in tlio morning, lt is a'orriblo thing lo encounter lu tho battle's strife tho might of a groat tunion wJicsu coolldeitoo is based upon tho justice of their cunio mid it rclir.ucu on tho mighty »rm of thoir Olin.- Goulburn Herald of. Saturday. 