Original Poetry. The Ghost in Hamlet says "Oh, list!" / " 'Till I a tale unfold;" / And tho' I am no ghost at all, Yet still I will make bold To use this ghostly form of speech, And say "Oh, list!" to all and each. My tale has nothing horrible, Therefore you need not fear, Nor--as the royal Dane was served-- Pour poison in your ear. Such naughty tricks I do abhor-- I wonder what you take me for? I took a stroll thro' Queanbeyan, To see the thriving town, Which for its many goodly things Is held in great renown. But I must tell them one by one, And you can judge when I have done. It has a river smooth and clear, Its centre running through, Which to a stranger does appear As if the town were two. On either bank a town there is, Quite separate, but vis-a-vis. This river is as fine a stream As any one could wish, Only it wants two trifling things-- / I mean a bridge, and fish. And very strange it is to say The flood did sweep them both away. Some noble buildings grace the town, The court-house 'mongst the rest, Which really is a handsome house-- Perhaps you think I jest. 'Tis built of slabs, well split and cut, As good as many a shepherd's hut. But lately, as I understand, The court has been removed, And now is held, with formal state, / In a building more approved-- A noble house, three stories high, Built by a publican hard by. And here we have the law laid down / By sapient J.P.'s, Who justice right and left dispense, Which ever way they please. No prejudice nor private spite Can e'er turn them from doing right. And then, there is the church so grand-- / I don't mean any harm-- But till 'twas pointed out to me, I took it for a barn! It has the very shape and size, As all must know who use their eyes. Ye citizens of Queanbeyan, Rejoice with all your might, For ye are blest with Parson S--------, A great and burning light, Who preaches in this noble pile, And lays it down in first-rate style. The Catholic Chapel truly is Both elegant and fine, A solid piece of masonry, / Of very chaste design. On this account, much praise is due To the people who belong thereto. The School-house I would now describe, But can't, because there's none; And no one knows, tho' I enquired When it will be begun. A proper state of things, no doubt, Teach youth at home--or go without. There is a Mill, which goes by steam, To grind the people's wheat; Another one is being built, And soon will be complete, Which may reduce the grinding down, To something less than half-a-crown. And then there is the Brewery, Producing famous Ale, Which really is most excellent, And has a rapid sale, While all who taste it, never fail To speak in praise of "Bradbury's Ale." We've got two Doctors in the town, Both very clever men; But not one Lawyer's to be found To wield his legal pen, I wonder some one don't contrive To come, and keep the town alive. We've Publicans and Storekeepers, And "traps," who call the hours, And a vigilant Chief-Constable, Who loves to shew his powers. So, may our township ever be The seat of great prosperity. X. X. Queanbeyan, Dec. 1854. 