' DOMESTIC IHTEIJJGEÄOK. A GovsnxjiíST BASSD oros«'Poyuo »r» |_«ri»o Colonial Secretary to move-That ta,thfl£OM«eof the ovidonoe takon beforo the oommittoo appointed to inquire lato the law« relating to the «¡goj»I «p I rftuoua Uquori. »tatement« hay» been taade"fleot-, ing úponthe «haraoter. of a gentleman In ni» ma- gisterial capacity. That a copy or the ovldçnao tie tnnimlttel to ill» ExooUegoy the "«£»««* Governor, requoitlng Hi» ExeoUenoy will take «lion steps as may Boom to him best, and (Ans Mi tadtâct on th i mjKfot,UfU»gei/rom Vu BMWSIO/' r/ls'coiimiffii. " , '- . .." '... > PasssHTAnost, TO Oarum .Fnaooao«,' ttuaoo. MASTKU or MxLnóonini.-Captain > Wild, commander of the world-famod clipper «hip Marco Polo, now lying in > Hobson'« Bay, brought with bim a magnificent service of «tiver plate, tent > out a» a presont to Captain Ferguson, the Harbor-Hastor of this port, from > tho owners of the Black Ball Lino of Australian Packet Ship». The presen;, > willoh ia of the value of two hundred guineas, 1» intended as an > acknowledgment of tho valu- able, services rendered by the Harbor Master > when tho Marco Polo wa« stranded in Hobson'« Bay early In the presont year. > The articles consist oi a kettle and stand, eniver, teu and colfeo pot», > »ogar-basln and oroam ju«. the wliolo being elegantly chaied, and boar. Ing > the following inscription:-" Preseatod by tho owners of the Maroo Polo to > Captain Charlo» Ferguson, Harbor Master of Melbourne Victoria, to mark tLolr > high estimation of his invalnablo services in rescuing their favorite and > far-famed i flilii from her perilous position when «trandod in fort Phillip Bay in January last, Liverpool, July 11154." The presentation took placo on board tbo JJ arco Polo-the ship in question-on Saturday last. A auuiptuoua ropast was provided for a »»loot few, including, of course, Captain Ferguson and his immediate friends. w"o are assured that Cap- ' tain Wild, commander or tho Marco Polo, did all in his power to «how that ha heartily welcomed the gentleman who did suoh substantial service to the noble craft to which he had been se recently appointed. ....._ ilov« Us-James «'Dougall, having been found guilty of obstiuoting the thoroughfare with lila Fioreo and cart, wa» lined 80». TiiuMesiirCiuniiK.-A ehargoof robbery preferred aguinst Mary (¿ulrke, by another woman namoi Hall, was dismissed, tlio proscoutrix being found to bo ÜB und or worse than tho prisoner, nor evi- dence being ni splenetic and prevaricating as could woll be. HMOVAL. or LioaNS».-A postponed «ppliottlon on thu part of Mr. Nelson, tho landlord of the tlaiialou Housu Hot«-1, for tho removal of lils HOODS > to the Caledonian Hotel, in A'Bcokett-street, wa« acceded to at tho City Court yesterday. DiioxKiHxess,-The charge-list at the City Court yesterday numbered 28 new case», two-thirds of whloh were charges for drunkenness only, or that end other olfences connected therewith. The fol- lowing pordons submitted to tho usual penalties for being urunk -.-John Burn», Alf xanderCunning. lum, John Harrison, llicliard Millar, John Breny, Mary Darry, ltobort Kincon, Ann Johnston, Betsy Ilamcrou, Jlmutny Curtain, W. Forest, Monard It)un. James Murphy, '1 norna« Fitzpatrick, Wil- liam walsh. CHAIIUK DISUUSSD.-John William» appeared at the City Court yesterday to prefer a charge of receiving money under false pretences against one M iiry lake. Williams stated mat at the solicitaUon of tho prisoner, be had gone with her to her house, near Little Bourkc-street, and given her 20». ; she then wanted more money for drink, which he re- fused, ami demanded his 20s. again, and upon the woman declining to refund ho gave her In charge. The Mayor tula him he richly deserved all ho had got, uud ho ought to be aslumod of himself for nuking so disreputable a charge. Chargodismissed, tu was also II cross ono against WlUiams of giving money to cause proititution. DwimiiKRi.v UuAnAOTxns.-William Griffiths wa« charged at the City Court yesterday with being tuiitiK, creating a disturbance, and assaulting the couslaole, und was lined £3 or one month's Imprison mont_Auue Uolonor, cnurged by Peter Stewart, who livus next too priaonor in Quccnaberry-atrest, with having assaulted him, witu being drunk, and with keopinc a disorderly tent, was lined c5 or one month's imprisonment.-tt'llllum Aiport, tor bsiug drunk and creating a disturbance, was fined 403. CiiAiiuH or Foaosiir.-Wellard Ahern, remanded at thu City Court several times, was again brought up yesterday and remanded to Thursday. JIKJIUIUO Diaiu.ius.-Gold in paying quantities 1« ?lill found lu tho sheepwash, and great hope« are entertained by some ot the partios working there that a good load w 111 be struck in a short time. The fepsutu Diggings increase rapidly, und prosent every day u more busy and promising appearance. A regular street or tents, Buops, stores, io., has been formed from tho lost White Hill to tho raw* courso. Wa hoir that a good deal of goldie being raibsd; tho holes are extending close on to the racecourse, and we imagine tho present races will bo thu last over run on ii. This, howovor, Is com- paratively or llttlo consequence ; another reoo course will luvo to bo found, but the good efltcieil by the worklug of tbo extensivo flat where it is ni present, will moro thun counter- balance any iuoonveuicnoe suffered in that respect. A report reached our olflco n day or two since, thai a heavy nugget had be eu taken out from tho bottom of oue ol «he hole«, but we are unablo to give uiiy nutheutlo account of it. It is with considerable r OR rot that we observo that the largo blocks of quartz, so long a weU-known land- mark eu lim cruivu ol' specimen hill, have been al- most entirely broken to pieces and destroyed. We liuroly thins, that much good can have resulted to any ouc «rom ihcir destruction. We would be tho lost lu tim world to desire that the miners should be prevented irom working wherever thoy can obtain gold, hut in tills case tho »pollution seem» «olutvu been so needless, that ii almost look« like sacrilege, on t we cannot help wishing that a little more jeuod taste had been displayed. The minor» aro still busy excavating in this locality, and somo ot thuin, «e boileve, arti doing well. A very largo nugget-report »ay» fifty pounds-was, we have Leen inloruit'd, found latt week, in lloblnsoa Crusou Gully,-Bendijo Adterliur, THE WARRNAMBOOL MURDER—We are happy to say that a ray of hope is apparent in the case of John Gunn, condemned to death for stabbing Samuel Harris, at Warrnambool, in August last. Inquir- ies have been instituted by the local government, regarding a former trial that Gunn underwent in Melbourne in 1844, for shooting at a man, and it has been satisfactorily proved that he was acquit- ted on that occasion. So it is, perhaps, to be hoped that his life may yet be spared.—Geelong Advertiser. Un.uA.iiur, .November 4th.-The Red Hill line is fairly reliving again, and on the whole, paying well, 'lucre liuvu been several tuba producing about two pounds wclgt.t. l'tio Chinese uro now in luiineiiao numorrs wan- dering about Ballaarat like thu ghost« of departed diggers,-they are generally engaged washing tailings. A gviitlemaii of the name of Heard, under a bond of £1000, has gone to Mel. bourne to take tils trial at the criminal stssiom, commencing on tho ISt h inst, on a charge or being conoeruvdlu the burning of Uencloy'a Hotel. Tins is ono ol the cases by which the Camp has sua c, edcil in lessoning ibu relUnco ot the diggers lu official promises. All is quiet fur tlio present, but lhere will be more inutalnys held. ¿lusiuosJ is slightly improving, und thu number of claims being worked that are paying is unusually largo for Ballaarat. This is owing to tho breadtliontng ot the Uravel Pit»' line,-c'orr«;>omír>it a¡ irU of Ms Age. MOUR Bt'iiuLAiiiKH.-Between cloven and twelvo o'clock yoti-rday some porson contri.ed to ab- stract % cash box. containing ab mt £150, from a bookcase lu tho village Belle Hotel, St, Kild». The thief ha» no1 yet been discovered.-On Sunday morning, b. tween uno and two o'ulook, tho I'rluoo Albert Hotel, Collingwood, was burglariously eu. tt»«d by thu front window, by some villains, uud £8 in silver token from the bar, whence they pro- ceeded to tho dlnlngroom, und took from a ehost of drawers a dresslug cuso und u cash box, con. tuinlng £100 iii cash, Tho ca.h box und dressing caso havo b.th been found broken open at somo distance from tho place. Suspicion lalla upon »jins men who had been drinking ut the liutcl tho night before.-On tiunctuy lilgiit tlio house of Mr. ltubertson, wine and spirit merahiiilts, «.vaiistoii. ittcet, wus broken into, but tlio thieves woro foiled in their undeavors to get fai thor than the apart- ment they first outored, in whloh thora wai nothing but a few lllo-prcsorvers. Tho followo very modostly atlcotod four only, anil ilcnmpaJ. '111s WKSLKVAS UiNoiiiMATiiix-Yesterday,anuivly crcotcd Wesleyan chapel was opened to the publlo lor the llr.t timo in aoblc-strcot, Chilwell. Tho buildlug is uoiuposod or ironstone ami bluestone, It 1B about 60 leoilong, 30 foot broiid.nnd lo fret hUli Tho cost 01 erection li £2.100. At present tho sub. sctiptlou« iinount to £1110, leaving a debt noon tho oltapol ol' £10110. Tho Kev. .Mr. Butter«, from Melbourne, preached lu tho morning, und tlio ilov. T Baker, irom llalluurat, in thu afternoon an 1 «vening. Tho minister who will regularly olltsl. ato is tho. Ilov. Isauo Harding. Tlio collection utter tim morning's service amounted to ubuuUlo. -Utt'ono Adverlittf. DAIUSII Hoiiii.ur.-Karly on Sunday morning lust, homo 1 artie» toro down a panel of Mr, Young's lenco at Collingwood, got 1 ntrnuoo into his stable, ami ilooaiiipcil with two lior.es, one of which was lound somo hours niter near tbo now Cinii'tfry, tlio follows, It is supposed, Hading it nimuitnblo for their purpose On information I*Ing given, Mr. Hmlth, Inspector, liumcillatoly tltiputulioil a trooper lu pursuit, and from the ohio Hint was obtained nt Fie 111 lui ton, It ts hoped tho robber» uro by this time In custody. ViuroiuA'« Irn-iitOTK,-Tho niljoiirnod mooting cr I his society took plnco lint night. Tho niton,Isiioo win »omewuat scanty, A beautiful coll'utlou or ubout lil>y Victorian plants, pro IMVOII by llr, V, Mueller, win submitted for in. »iiootluii mid niifWborato Jiuurlptlunul them, by ti 0 «nnui gt'Mloman. was luid on tim tablo, and «llr» cito« tu bu embodied lu the transactions of tlio institute. Nsw Ciii.-kKr Gum.-A mcettnrt of members ol «' o late Mnrylobono Crlokol Club wi « hid 1 nt the Newmarket Inn, Ktcphcii street, last night, at whloh It WAH proposed tori organise th- alubnndor tlotltlo (as wa understood) <«' tho Trii'lusimm'» Cricket Club. Tho great nt ¿nod fooling appeared to prevail umoiic.t tlio g. uugur« well f»r tho proposed new «»soo.utlon of «lokaler». ltKi'intSKM'ATioN ol' Tim IJsiri» Cnuvriiii.-No day ha» yet boen fixed for tho vlcoilon of 11 nu'mhor to HU tlio vnenncy coused by tho resignation of Mr. Charlton, In the inosiitliiip, uno emull late, Mr. Maxwell Miller, ha» aMrcssrd tho olnotorn, do cUrlng himself u candi late, Mr, J, 0. Carr ha» been solicited to stand, Mr. Pohlman linn boort lalkod or, Mr. J. I«. Balley, wo have authority to atate, moan» to ootno Ibrwtrd. Mrvllugh Mutiny, of Coito, we hoar on goo 1 authority, also moan» to eater upon tim conto it) »o that if tho Colao tlUtrtot doo» not «oourc a good member it will not ha from want or «nembor« to olióos« from-«ft««» AiHriUir. v Ta« W»iTn««.-Bummw hu» «et in, and tor the lut ten day« bp to Frilay, wu havo hud a olear aky. Yesterday, tlio weather ohnnged to cold, and there is every prospoot of rain, Tlio orops aro looking well, «na «re expeelcd to bo prollda thi» -*---^-r«r««»«*v«i Sxamtmr, ...» Gatum um MBLSOOBK« BAILWAT.-Ajmeeting«r ?»"AsTof^n^rtaii _"»*?£«<__ .n equal poaltim with th» 10,0t» shares already laaucd. andrequlring the consent ofthe holder« of 'SeTlRooo «hare» to the proposed arrangement; Jar. Goaties M. Thome, (lie president, read the lotlee ? published in the Qcuttf convening th» meeting; and having read the oommualcation re. JVaied to, the following rtsoluUon, was moved by fir. A. UJ Gilbert, »eoonded by Jit. Tho*,a»wne, and carried unanimously:-* That the directors be lequested to accept the proposal made by Gov- ernment to extend the taferesVof i flvo per oenb ¡ra rantoed hitherto upon £ÎW,000to the remaining ?600 shares in the capltalstock or this company, is communicated by Tetter from, the Colonial Sfre^taiy dated ' letU Ootober^ult."- action/ CORONER'S INQUESTS.—An inquest was held yes terday at half-past one o'clock, before Dr. Youl, at the Western Old Gaol, upon the body of Thomas Cronin, aged forty-six, who had been re- manded thither for medical treatment. Dr. Florence deposed that on the admission of deceased to the gaol on the 30th ult., he was suffering under delirium tremors, and sank gradually till his death, which took place about seven o'clock on Saturday evening, verdict accordingly.-An in quest was held yesterday at half-past two o'clock. before Dr. Youl at the Seven Stars public-house, North Melbourne, upon the body of Edwin Wood, aged about twenty-two years. From the deposi- tion of Mr. John Allen, it appeared that deceased, who was a printer, was subject to epileptic fits every two or three weeks, and on Saturday morn- ing, he had gone out of the house for about five minutes, when witness went out to call him, and received no answer, but seeing his belt lying at the privy door, witness went in and found that deceased had fallen into the soil. Witness pro- cured assistance immediately and got him out, but he was pronounced to be quite dead when medical aid arrived immediately afterwards. Verdict—"Died from suffocation in consequence of accidently falling into a privy in a fit of epilepsy.—An inquest was also held at eleven o'clock, before Dr. Youl, at the Black Bull Inn, in Bourke-street, upon the body of the lad Edward Delaney, who was drowned while bathing on Saturday afternoon in the water lying between the river and Flinders- street, near the Waterworks. The only evidence adduced was that of the father, a stonemason, who deposed to the finding the body of his son upon information given by a little boy who had been bathing with deceased. Verdict—" Accidentally drowned."- An inquest was held at twelve o'clock, before Dr. Youl, at the Union Hotel, in Bourke- street, upon the body of Ellis Taylor Warry. De- ceased, who was about 37 years of age, was a well known solicitor, practising in the City and District Courts, and appeared as usual at the City Court on Saturday. In the afternoon of that day deceased had gone to the Union Hotel with some of his acquaintances, and drank once or twice.-a habit in which (according to the evi- dence of a witness at the inquest) he was some- what acoustomed to indulge, and upon going out into the lane close to the side, door of the hotel, he fell down and expired instantaneously. Dr. Maund deposed, that he had made a post mortem examination of the body, and found the mem- branes of the brain slightly congested, the heart very large, and in the substance of the left ventri- cle, a tumor of either a cancerous or tubercular nature, which would be a considerable obstruction to the flow of blood over the body. The lungs were healthy. The liver and right kidney were enlarged and hardened in texture and dark in color. The other parts of the body were tolerably healthy. He attributes death to disense of the heart. Verdict accordingly. -An inquest was also held yesterday, before Dr. Youl, at the Yarra Hotel, Punt-road, Richmond, upon the body of Thomas M'Glinn, a boy nine years old, who was drowned in a water-hole, near the Cremorne Gardens, whilst bathing. Verdict, "Accidentally Drowned."-If casualties multiply as rapidly as they have during the past few days, the Acting City Coroner and his clerk will not have to complain of too little to do. tur CODRT URHAND3 - Moses Zoblcnskio, remand- ed laat week on a doublo cbargo of lunney and a» ault, was again brought up ut tho City Court, yettorday, and discharged wit h a caution.-Thomas Oieiian is »lill detained in gaol for lunacy.-David Watson, charged with driving over and breaking the leg of William Nolan, was brought up yester- day, air. P. Slci hen, for tho prisoner, produaed a document signed by tho injured person, stating that Watson was in no wiso to blame ; and tomo ro spectablo persons being present to give boll for watson'» appearance if called upon ngnln, tho Brnch discharged bim.-George Eoklns and Char lea GritHtlia, alleged lunatics, were »gain prcsentod and act at liberty. DISTRICT COURT.-The business nt this court was heavier than usual yesterday, the silting lasting till 5 o'clock. Tedious translations from JHndoo stance employed tlie time of tbo Court, and taxod both tho patience and tbo lingual acquirements of the presiding magistrat«, Matthew Prlco, Esq., who himself acted as Interpreter at first, in a cbargo of stealing fifteen ounces of gold and ill Its. in money, brought agnlnst a colored man of the namo of John í elby. Mr. Fausset appcarod for the prisoner, and Mr, Quinn for tho protocutor, John Dalmorton, also a man of color. Depositions wore taken at longtli, from which it appeared that the parties were living together at Kungarco Flat, and the property iii question was taken from a -carpet bag in their tf nt. Suspicion fell upon the prisoner, who left for Melbourne, when ho was ar- rested. Nothing w as proved but his having plenty of money Immediately after the robbery, v. hilo It waa slleged that ho had nothing before. The Bench committed tho prisoner to Uko his trial. Stephen lngiams, remanded to yesterday on a charge of attempting to murder one Joseph barling at tho Kpplng liotcl, Darebin Crook, wa» again brought up nt this court yesterday, when it np. pcarcd that the parties In question had been quar- relling togotlier, and tho ilenoh -conceiving the ends of justice would be obtained by bindlngfhcm over to keep tho peace, they wera bound accord- ingly, Ingrams in £100, and two surotics orclOO each, and Darling in £25, and two sureties of £25 each.-Jamen Moore, charged by troopor Young with using threatening language, was fined 40». and ordered to find sure tics to Keep tho peaoe. nicholas Johnson, for being on tho premises of fctephen Marlow for an unlawful purpose, vita sont to gaol for twcnty.four hour J.-James Northman, charged with having a stolon horse, waa ordcrod to restore It to J. M'Corry, tho claimant.-John Shea, William Friend, and Freeman MiUward, wera «ned 40». each for being drunk, and tho las two 40.«. each, alar, fir flghtlnp. - John ?array wai ordered io restoro a ttolen bul- lock to James M'Arthur, and certificate to issue. A charge of assault, preferred by John Sullivan against Thomas Groy, was dismissed, with £5 costs.—A suit against Thomas Davis, at the in- stance of James Currie, for recovery of a stolen horse, was dismissed.—George Stephens, charged by John Sadleir with using obscene and disgust- ing language, was fined £10, or two months' imprisonment.-Dennis Trnov, complained of by bia wife Honor Traoy for having ncgloatod to maintain her, was ordored to pay £2 weekly in advance, »no find sureties for tho duo paymont of tho same.-William Warty, for an assault upon John Holly, wai Unod £10, or Blx wcoks' impri. jonment.-GoorgeMudrord, charged by Inspector Tydd with having a falso and unequal bulanoo, was lined 40a, and ordered to forfeit the scales. TUB TIIKATIIK.-Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Holt np. peered last evening, at thoThoatrc, In that best of all modern Fronch dramas, " liclphegor. tho Moun. toban k." In tho obaractor ot ¿tlfiuoor Mr. Holt hat mado a decided hit, lit» conception of the par) of the bighsnirltedand persecuted mountebank btingox. tremcly Intelligent. Mr». Holt waa also extremely «uccesiful a« tiio potlont yet affeotionato wiro of tbo hero of tho pieoo. " Bolphogor," oatt BB it was lut night, ought to bave a long run. MBMIOITRNB SI'RINO li ACH MEETING.-Tho entries for the Spring Mooting took place last evening St I ho Union Hotel, ilourke-sireot. Thoturlltoj »uttered in great fnroo, and the ownars of horses carno forward spiritedly, as will bo seen by tho following list!-First Day. Wednt sday.-Victoria Plato-Mr. lluohannn'a g", g, Arab, 0 yrs.: . j_r. PnroeU's b, h. Zanga, 4 yrs. ; Mr. Main's g. g., Flying Dutohman, 0 ITS.; Mr. Morris's^, li.. Sarawak, 4 yrs ; Mr. Whitham'» br.g., Flying Ploman, 0yr«.¡ Mr. Yower1« b, m , ï,lr>i,5,yr''" Tur'.Club Cup-Mr. Walu'« b. g.Slasher, 8yr». ; Mr. Bwannoll's g, g" FIdgot, a ed: Mr. Purcell'» o. g., Triton, agod ; r. Dogherty'» br, g. Tho Cardinal, 6 yrs. ; Mr.TrHl. »Içk'g c g. Petrol, aged. SpriHg Btakos.-Mr .Pur. «*11'« b. li. Zanga, 4 yr». ; Mr. Dogherty's br. g.Tne Cardinal.6 yrs.: Mr. Hooper's blk.m. Alias Saxon, «ed : Sir. KoHtlng's br. g. Warrigal, 4 yrs, -, Mr. Morris's g. li. Vapour. 0 yrs.: Mr.Simpson's br. g. _>v,,«aB K« ,«. ,M^v,ii, v yin., air. ? iiupnuu'B or. u, Tomboy, 4yr,i, ; Mr. Mllnor's b. m. Carollno, 4 yr». ; Mr. Yucr's b. m. Fairy, 6 yr». ; Mr. Kerloy'sj a. m. Matd-of-tt-.o-Mill, 0 yrs.; Mr. Hunter's br. g. Conqueror, 5 yrs. Second Dny.-Stocplo Chase-Mr. Mille/st), g. Top goes tho Weasol, ?jjed; Mr. Bwannoll's g. p. Fldfjot, aged; Mr! o. m. Meld-of-tt-.o-Mill, 0 yrs.; Mr. Hunter's «._ _ -,- "_._. jjcc . " ... . roi íurcóU's t>. g. Triton, aged -, Mr. ~Â3ïioV7b.~li. fall lloy, aged ; Mr. Turner0« b. g. Lottory, agod ; Mr. Heating's b. g. Pctor Slmril-, aged ; Mr. Croft's Br.g. aailbrOrny. agod. Maldon Plato-Mr. Pon stet'» b. m. Kitty, 4 yoara ; Mr. lluohanau's g._g. Arab, aged; Mr. Watts'» b. g Bklppor.agod; Mr. ?Uller'Hb. e. I.ampllghtor, 0 yonr» : Mr. llarpor1» b. m. MU» Saxon, aged ; Mr. ltomilaon's b. a. Sir Tatton, 4 years; Mr. Morris's b. h. Sarawak, 4 *»ar»: Mr. Mllnor's b. m, Caroline, 4 yours ; Mr. Given'» br. m. Gay Laas, 5 yoarj ; Mr. Korloy'a o. bs. Maid of fhoM!ll,agod, ' CIIABOI or UioAMr.-John Smllb, whoso wife a acondod with a man named Kelsb, irom Hobar Town, appeared at tho Olly Court on Saturday to prefer a oharge or bigamy against her, abo having .wee married Kelah. Upn Smith being pul Into tho witness-box. Mr. P. Stephen, on the part ofthe wire, beggod His Worship to hoar his Minority for objoctlng to Smith's evidono» ?poa tho ohargo proforred; but the magistrat would do nothing of tho sort, and Tiavin bad tho husband sworn, cxamluod him re .peeling a oertlfloato of inarrlsgo produoed, and tilt« Informed Mr. Stephen that ho might proceed with his law, whoreupon that gentloman 3noted and showed that the first husband's ovl. Moe was inadmissible,-n conclusion the magi». trate seemed himself praotloally to admit, na ha allamUsed tho charge, i The Adelphi Theatre was filled to overflowing laat night upon the occasion of Mrs. Hanmer's benefit.—Correspondent Spirit of the Age. ICoaBKAi-Ono company aro »aid to bo «bin« a» wall as any party have hitherto donc. W " "' 