HINDMARSH DIST1UCT COUNCIL. A public meeting of ratepayers of the district, con vened by advertisement, was held yesterday afternoon, at the Hindmarsh District Council Oifiae, Brompton ; but as it wus evident that the meutimr wourt be vcrv nume rously attended, an adjournment took pneeto the long room at the Land of Promise Inn, Hiudmorsh. Mr. E. J. F.Crawford, Mr. Magarey, Mr. Gibson, and Mr. Duncan, were the District Councillors present. By 2 o'clock th- meeting had numbered 200 persons, and Mr. Cbawpohd, as Chairman of the district, having taken the chair, said that he would not occupy the thno of the meeting by nuking a long speech; he would fiiruply remind them that they had met for the purpose of proposing' a rate; the Legislature hod placed tho ]K-wcr in their own hands, and he had no doubt tliat they would exercise it judiciously. The amount of property assessed in tho district last year was £17,121, and for the present year, £20,031. The rate collected for the last year was jC&W;, tho Govern ment giving a like «um of £680, making a total of £1,3(30 received. There had been expended — InHindraarsh ... ? £735 0 0 , The Reedbeds ... ... ... 424 0 0 Uowden ? ... 215 0 0 Brompton ? ... 23 '0 0 Torrens and Cross- roads... ? ... 67 0 0 Makinga total of ... £1,493 0 0 b.aing £133 more than the regular rate and Government aid would have amounted to, private subscriptions having made up the deficiency, and allowing for a further sum which had been expended in necessary expenses. It had been the endeavour of the Districts Council to spend the money in the districts in which it had been collected, though of course there were exceptions that could not be obviated; and from the present rate of wages and ex penses, it was not possible to do much, as the cost of mak ing a road was about £3,000 per mile. It was proposed to spend a large sum during the current year on thoso places to which but little had been done during the past year. The Government had liberally promised for the next year, a similar amount in aid to that raised last year, and he hoped that they would avail them selves of the offer. As the Act prescribed that one of the Council should propose the rate, he would call upon Mr. Magarey to do bo. Mr. Maqabby said that he would propose a rate of one shilling in the pound, which was equal to five per cent. He was opposed to taxation, but he thought a rate of one shilling in the pound absolutely accessary. ? Seconded by Mr. Gibson: '-, Mr. Clayfikld said that ho should move as an amendment that a rate of one farthing in the pound be adopted. (Loud cheers.) He would mention that he lived in Gibson-street, and nothing had been done by the District Council towards the improvement of that locality. Mr. David Surra said that, ih seconding the amend ment, he would remark that it was professed that all the money raised in a district should be spent in that district That had not been done. He would also men tion that a weighbridge had been erected by one of their District Councillors upon the public rood — he alluded to Mr. Magarey ; and he would ask whether the fees paid for the use of that weighbridge were received by the District Council for the use of the public, or were put into Mr. Magarey's own pocket ? The CnAiuMA.f stated that Mr. Magarey had given the sum of £127 ll.s. and a further sum of £127 lb. had been given by the Government, towards the repair of the road on which the weighbridge was placed, making a total of £235 8s. Tliat was a public benefit, though the people of Hjndmarsh had not borne any of the expense but if the inhabitants considered, it was a nuisance it could ba indicted as sueh. ' Mr. Magarey said that he would reply to Mr. Smith. The weighbridge was put up before the District Councii was formed ; he could say that not a farthing of the money expended on the road had come out of the pockets of the inhabitants of the district ; he had paid £127 14s out of his own pocket, and the Government had given a further sum of an equal amount. With respect to the tolls collected, he would gladly give the receipts to any one who would bear all the attendant expenses. Mr. David Smith said that Mr. Magarey had been busy enough where he thought that others were infringing the law ; he had called on him, in his capacity of District Councillor, and warned him about the thistles on his land ; but Mr. Magarey had not explained away his own nuisance, nor the inconvenience to which the neighbour- hood had been put by bullock-drays standing across the road when using the weighbridge. He considered it a public nuisance. Mr. Magarey said that he would explain a mistake of Mr. Smith's with respect to thistles. It waa true that he had spoken of the thistles; but he thought that it was only a neighbourly action, and he did so, as he would to any other friend. With respect to the weigh- bridge, he did not think it was any nuisance ; it occupied no more room for a dray to stand on a weigh-bridge than in an open street. The Chairman said that he would call the attention of the meeting to the clause giving votes according to the amount of property held by individuals. The largest number of votes that could be held by any one person was six. Mr. Smith said he would enquire whether the meeting was a legal one, and whether the Collector and Assessor should be one and the same party. The Chairman said that it was perfectly correct; and he hoped that the business of the meeting would at once commence, and that all those present would give their votes for the adoption of a rate. Mr. Smith proposed that all in favour of a farthing rate should hold up their hands. A great demonstration, accompanied by uproarious expressions of applause in favour of the proposal, was immediately made. The CitiraiiAir said that the books would be kept open until 1 o'clock ; but he mast remind the meeting tiiat, having been entrusted with the pawer of making a la;y with respect to tho rate, they ou;,'ht to do it legal!? and it could not be dime by a mere show of hands, Mr. Suim said that he would admit himself coi rceted. The Clerk of the District Council then proceeded with taking the votes, and at i o'clock the Chairman said that all present had better retire for a few minutes with the exception of Mr. J. B. Hughes andMr, David Smith who would remain to count the votes of those in favour of a farthing rate. The tally liaving been taken, tha room was again crowded, when the Chairman de clare.1 the numbers tn be— In favour of a farthing rate ... ... 113 ' ' shilling rate .;. ..'. 90 Majority for a farthing rate ? '62 This announcement was received with uproarious shouts and cheers, , It appeared that only 127 persons hod voted out of « Ust of about 1,200. . The members of tho Council, namely, Mcmw. Craw ford, Magarey, Gibson, and Duncan (Mr. Ready beta* absent), having returned to the office of the IKitriet Council at Brompton, it was determined that an «dveT tisement should be published, requiring that aocoante of all outstanding claims should be sent in to the DUteict . Clerk forthwith, and that immediately on the liquida tion of such aexmnts, the present Council should resign tfieir appointments. It ws also resolved that the Council should meet for the last time at 2 o'clock p.m., ou Tuesday, the 10th day of October instant. Meetino of PobjjnKBEi'Eks.— There was a .meeting of ponndkeepers on Tuesday, at the . Commercial Hotel, Grenfell-street Mr. . W.. Ctazo, of Evans' Towp, wan called to tho chair- He stated that th* meeting was con- ? yened in consequence of a letter which* ap peared in the Adelaide' Ob-erver, commenting on remarks made hy Mr. Sanders, Chiiiiuttn' of the Echunga District Gownci't. at n meeting of the Associated Chairmen of District Coun cils. He read the letter signed ' A l'onnd keeper,' and went on to my that w»n first seeing that letter, he, with two others, inserted in tho Register and .Observer the advertise ment calling thnt meetin j. He had no doubt some of those 5n -attendance would submit re solutions to the meetm? on mattors interesting to. all. He would be happv tn hesiv any re marks or to putnny resolu'ions to the meet ing. Mr. Messenger said tho only grievance he considered the nonndkeepers laboured under wa» the insufficient mileage. They were bound to give notice to owners of their cattle being impounded, and there was not an allowance provided, to meet the expense «-f giving that notice, no might also -remarM^j that in publishing a -notice in the Gazette of one aninul impounded, they wore onlysllowed one'- shilling whereas tho charge of the Qo rernment rrinier was j'.oci. nc propose* hat application ba made to the several Din ;rict Councils for. a mileago allowance pro mrtionate to distance* and also t'sat a fee for ' idvertising equal to the cost be atl-wod. Mr. 3 unbar seconded the resolution, which xn» jarried. Mr. Partridge submitted that the - Hundage fee of sixpence per he»d was in* lufficient. It was fixed in 1847, when labour yas much cheaper than at present. He noved— ' That npplication be made to tha District Councils for an increase of 50 per usnr. to the impounding fee.' Tho present 'ee might be remunerative whero large nutn jers of cattle were. frequently impounded; tint in other cases great loss was entailed on the poiradkeeper. Mr. Reison seconded the ? resolution, which was carried. Mr. Helmer wished to know if.a poundkeeper was allowed to turn cattle out to graza on common land. They had a case laMy at Gawler Town where impounded cattlo were so turned out in c'arge of a boy; .from whom they were rescued, and the only remedy offered by tHe justice appealed to '(Mr. II. Dean) wm hb referring the complainant to the Supreme Court. He (Mr. Helmer) proposed— 'That the attention of the District Chairmen be called to the question as to whether ponnd keepers may, with porsons in charge, depar ture and drive to water animals impoundod ? and if not, to consider th« expedienc of en abling them to do so.' Mr. Messenger seconded the motion, which wa- agreed to. Mr. Partridge said the office of Ranger, under the District Councils, was a very important' appointment. Every one might hare observed announcements in the public papers of vin tinclod sales of strayed cattlo. He tbonght the Ranger should look after Buch matten, and parties having stray cattle on. their rnns or land should be required to communicate the fact to tho Ranger, who should impound them, and then immediate publicity wonld'be given of the whereabouts of the cattle. By such an arrangement, great and frequent in justice would be prevented ; - for it wa«, under the present system, usual to let cattle ran for a year or more, and then advertise them for sale, if not re-claimed within a certain number of days. Tho Chaiiman said he thought thoy should form a committee to carry out the proposed objects, and to obtain the assent and assistance of other pound keepers. Mr. Dunbar proposed — *? That Mr. Charles Crace, Mr. Partridge, and Mr. Mes senger, be appointed a Committee to carry out tho objects of this moet;ng.' Mr. Keawm 8' connect ino ^choiuuoii, wiuuu -v»-t varrrou. Votes of thanks wero passed to the Chairman and. tho conductors of this paper for the attend' ance of their reporter. - .; Fb-ipoheo.New Wesleyan CiiAPKt^ North Adelaide.— Tho congregation attending the Wesleyau Chapel, Archer street. North Ade laide, have for mora than a twulvemouth felt the. desirableness of taking sfrips for orectiug a more commodious place of worship, and acting upon the faith of very liberal promises of assistance, they havo determined, with characteristic zeal, to commence forthwith the erection of an edifice exceeding in dimensions any otlier building of the kind in Sooth Aus tralia, not excepting tho Piric- strect cbapet Three anniversary sermons were preached at the present chapel on !~unday last, and oplleo tions made at the close of eich service towards the erection of . the proposed new chapel, amounting to a tottl of £27 12s. ' On tba fallowing evening a tea meeting w is. held, which, notwithstanding the inclemency of tbe weather, wis well attended. A |)ub!icmiet in£ followed, at which addresses wero delivered by the Kcv. D. J. Draper (who was also chairman), l!ev. T. Williams, Rev. J. Gardner, Rev. J. H arcourt, Rev. Joseph Dare, Messrs, Perrymin, Hack, anil Bakewell. It was expected that Mr. Peacock, M.L.C., would have presided, but a letter was read from him apologising for h s unavoidable absence, and enclosing a cheque for £5 to war .Is the objeet in view. 'Vh: Kev. D. J.. Draper opened tbj proceedings by staling that he preached hi* first sermon in South Austra'i'i, eight years ago, in the littlo chapel in Xurmode-street. The present place of worship was soon «fter-i wtrds commenced, anJ had subsequently boen eulargoJ, but in .consequence of the want of increa-od accommodation, it w.is deter mined to urrect a building sufficiently capa cious to so it 800 or 900 hearers in the body, and in or Ier to meet future requirements, to arrange for tho addition of galleries sufficient to enable a congregation .of 1,400 or 1,500 persons to assemble within tho edifice. Tho land had been pur chased for that purpose, and the foundation laid in concrete. To meet the expense, of erection a subscription had been opened, which, previous t- that an ni versa /amounted to £1,439 15s. Mr. Thomas Mitchell,-tbe Treasurer, read a financial statement of the receipts and expenditure connected with the present chapel, from which it appeared that the original dobt of £650 thereo-i, w.iu in 1852 reduced lo £450, in 1353 to £150, and that since then that sum has been liquidated, with the exception of a balance of £7 12s. 4d. doa to tho Treasurer. Tho Kov. J. Dare, during his address, sta ed that, in America there were 4,000 Wealeyan ministers, and 1,800,000 ra:mbcrd in church fellowship, of whom 150,000 had joined the various con ;regsiions in one year. H 3 also stated that the first meeting of Wesleyati Methodists in South Australia occurrel in 1835, wheu 15 persons assembled iu the kitchen of E. .Stephens, Esq., for worship. In 1838 the Her. Mr. Lougbottom arrived, and in 1848 thaKete, Mr. Draper. In the latter year there win but nine Wesleyan chapel* in the colony, Mt at tho present time th«ro were n -arly 50. Them wero then 290 numbers, but at present the number had increased to 1,500. Preriotu to the meeting hiring closed a collection wts made, amounting to £9 9-t. 61., and additions to the extent of £130 were made to the sub scription list before adveit d to. These amounts, together with the oliections on the previous day, and tho sums realized by tbe sale of tickets to the ttu-mectii-g, make t total of about £177 as the gross proceeds of these anniversary services. Lvyixg tub Foundation Sto-ve of ran New Weslkyan - jiai- hx, AIaoill.— On Toes* day, the 2GcU .September, the day appointed for the performance of this ceremony, by half past 3 p m. a largo number of persons were assembled at the .-ita of the proposed erection. Tue ceremony was performed by Mr. Baker M.L.C., who made some eloquent remarks, expressive of the interest lie felt iu tho ad vance of religious societies,' and of his desire for the welfare of that ncig lbourhood. A ie^ ligiom service was tii.n commenced, tbe Ret. Th)3. Williams %lv\n-r-mt tin; 737th Hymn : ' Tliou who h.ist in Sion l.-ud Thu trim Foundation-stone,' &c.; —and engaged ii. prayer; alter which, la accordance with tho advertisement, ah lad dress was delivered by the Kov. J. Dare, in the course of which reference was made to the interest connected with such an occasion— to the greatness and glory of that Being in/ whose namo the stone had boen laid, and ia whom the chapel was tn be dedicated, '.'wt»] vealed unto us iu the Three distinct Feraont — Father, Sou, and Holy Ghost — and to the great purpose contemplated — the promotion of the glory of God and the .salvation ofjminor tal souls. The Doxology wai then sung. The preceding of the clay were closed by a lea* meeting, held in the school- room and in a booth erected for that purpose The chapel it a neat Golhic building, 45 ieet by 25 feet ?' the clear. Miss Cathehixe Hayes. — A correspondent informs us that a gentlemen who lately arrived here from India in the Biightman, has been instructed Ly the delightful vocalist above* named, to make arrangements for her appeals wee before a South Australian audieuee* 