EAST TORRENS ELECTION. MEETINGS OF DR. WARK'S SUPPORTERS. A public meeting called by Dr. Wark's supporters, was held on Friday evening the 16th instant, at the Miners' Arms, Glen Osmond. Captain Pascoe, who was uianimously voted to the chair, opened the proceedings by reading from the Register newspaper the advertisement calling the meeting. He then invited the friends ot Dr. Wark to declare his political principles. Mr. Jefferson Stowe said that some trouble had been taken, in the first instance, by certain persons, to fix upon one who shoull be brought forward as a candidate. Mr. Fenn had been selected, although opposed in opinion to the majority of the electors on liis pledging himself to oppose the Church grant, and to resign if called upon, on the subject of nomineeism. He agreed to oppose the grant, hat he admitted that he was really iu its favour. They, could not he sur prised then if some suspicion were awakened in ihe i minds of the elect -rs. He (Mr. Stow) was notafra'd of the grant being carried, but Mr. Fenn mud not wonder if he were opposed even upon that ground. The real and main ground, however, of op position, was liimineeism. (Cheers.) Mr. Fenn had never given anv distinct pledge to resign upon the question. He fi. st promised to do so if required by 100 of his supporters; and after that Mr. Neaies held out something like a threat to them by making the resignation dependent upon Mr. Feiin's elec tion without a contest. It had been said that the question ought not to have been raised; but that was of little consequence—the question had been raised; and if Mr. Fenn were elected the moral effect would be in favour of nomi neeism. (Hear, hear, aud cheers.) The speaker went on to explain Dr. Wark's political principles, which have already appeared in our reports of former meet ings. He then complained of unfair work on the part of the opposing Committee, but did not enter into details, reserving them, as he said, for a further occasion when the two parties might meet. In Dr. "Wark's absence, from illness, he offered to answer any questions; and remarked that thi objection to the candidate as a medical man was unfair, as those of other professions or callings ha 1 equally their own affairs to attend to. The contest should be fought out upon principle, and it was io the credit of East Torrens that the electors had at each ot the meetings shown a perfect disposition to bear every speaker impartially, Mr. Unwin asked whether Dr. Wark would sup port the principle of self- government through the agency of District Councils? Mr. Stow was able to say confidently that lie would do so. Mr. Murray asked if Dr. Wark were in favour of the squatters' right of pre- emption ? Mr. Stow thought the question unlikely to arise; but he was sure Dr. Wark would oppose any such right Mr. Unwin moved " That Dr. Wark is a fit and proper person to represent the District of East Tor Torrens in the Legislative Conocil." Seconded by Mr. Murray. The Chairman called upon any persons present to speak upon the subject, either for or against the motion. After a pause, he put the question, which was carried unanimously. The number of persons present was between twenty and thirty. It was said that the bad weather and the darkness had kept many away. It was mentioned also that the advertisement had omitted to state the particular house at which the meeting would be held. Mr. Stow, ia answer to an elector, said that the grand question really was the nominated Upper House, to which Dr. Wark was uncompromisingly opposed. As regarded the grant, Dr. Wark's friends had never raised the question, although their oppo nents would have it so appear. The Chairman observed that a nominated Upper House would never do here, where the working men were independent of their employers. There was a greafdiif -rence in that respect between England and South Australia. Mr. Wlieatley asked what was Dr. Wark's opinion on the subject of educatioi.. Mr. Stow said he would support State aid to secu lar educition, but would not have religion mixed up with it; because he thought Government had no thing to do with religion. (Cheers.) Mr. Slaughter asked what were Dr. Wark's opinions as to the qualification of a voter. Mr. Stow said he would give a vote to every man of sane mind and unconvicted of crime. Mr. Preston moved a vote of thaoka to the Chair man, which was seconded by Mr. Gartell, and earned by acclamation. Captain Pascoe acknowledged the compliment, and expressed his good wishes for Dr. Wark's speedy recovery. A meeting of the supporters of Dr. Wark took place on Monday evening, at the Maid and Magpie Inn, Norwood. Above a hundred persons were pre sent. On the motion of Mr. Greenway, Mr. Muller was called to the chair. The Chairman having stated the objects of the meeting, said he regretted from the continued illness of Dr. Wark that he could not be present at the meeting, and called upon those present to express their opinions with respect to the candidate. Mr. Bass did not come there to ask questions, for he had been doiug tha? all day. He was there to tell them the answers he had received. They had ad vertised a series of meetings, at which it was in tended by Dr. Wark to be present. The Doctor attended the first one or two, and but for illness would, like a manful Scot, have been present at the others. ■ He had beeu suffering from quinsy, but was now better after a sound physicking from Dr. Nash. His was not a broken-down constitution, and the electors of Ea-t Torrens intended soon to send him to the Legislative Council. As a young man and a new comer, he did not at first think that he ought to take a prominent pait in this election ; but when he saw at the meeting held at the Globe men who, three years ago, fought the battle of freedom f or Water house, bringing forward—what? A man of the same kind as Mr. Waterhouse? No; but a man whose chief qualification was, that he was a gentleman—■ When he saw them bartering their liberties and politics for gentility, he thought it was high time for younger men to come forward and rescue the district from its false position. (Hear.) As far as he had questioned many of the liberal men who were at present ranged on the side of Mr. Fenn, he was answered that they found they had made a great mistake—(hear)— aud when (continued the speaker) we have succeeded, as we shall—(cheers)— those really liberal men will be the first to congratu late us upon our victory. A long letter had appeared that morning in the Times in advocacy of Mr. Fenn. The writer kept totally aloof from politics; but " Mr Fenn was such a nice man," and " what a pity it was to disturb his arrangements, which were all so comfortably settled." There were other questions in connection with the qualifications of a candidate besides his niceness and gentility. (Hear.) The electors wanted to know his views on the great questions of the day, aud, if elected, how he would vote. And although a certain party had said that some of these questions would not come before them, yet it was best to be on the safe side. (Hear.) At a former meeting he had stated that, as far as he could judge of Mr. Fenn, he appeared a man who would support and advauce priestcraft and kingcraft. Borne people, he found, felt sore at that remark. Mr. Fenn said his views had been misrepresented. But ■who voted for the man who was in favour of tyranny? Who voted for Campbell ? He had been told by one of Mr. Fenn's supporters, aud who was considered one of the heads of the liberal party in the district, that Dr. Wark was a Tory in disguise. But the Doctor showed himself at the last election on the side of the liberals; he seconded the nomination of Mr. Waterhouse, and had for years been known in the colony as a liberal man. (Hear.) The doctor was against nomineeism — that principle which tended to exaspeiate the people, and bring about disorder and revolution. He would pass over the religious question, which, however, was net settled, and that day's Times had hr mght for* -ward a report to the effect that the C institution Bill would be opposed because the e was no provi " ison in it for religion. Not that religion was really the question, but because some nice little offices were dispensed with. (Hear.) He believed that what ^ Mr. Binney once stated was true, that an established Church destroyed more souls than it saved. It had been stated that Dr. Wark was in favour of universal suffrage, and that - statement gave great umbrage to some, of the .Doctor's friends. He (Mr. Bass) had spoken to the Doctor on the eub ject, and found him a thorough liberal, but not a liberal run-mad. He thought that all freeholders and all occupiers of property paying an annual rent of £10 should have a vote. He would also give the firanchise to lodgers' paying £40 a year. As to the ballot, the Doctor, like Mr. Fenn, did not see anv immediate necessity for it. But the electors did— (hear and cheers}—and the b ill >t they most have, for a'though mauy of them did not fancy Mr. Fenn's politics, they would hot like to lose his cast im. Dr. Wark would support a system of Government educa tion ; he approved of the Bible being read, but with out any Church catechism to distort or dissipate the truth. The old system of Church and Stat;, a dear loaf, and plenty of money in the rich man's pocket, and little enough in that of the poor man, was pass ing away; Cobden, Bright, Hume, and other great reformers of the present day, had t iught the people that they formerly paid too much for their loaf. The discussion which for years took place in Eng'and on the subject, ended at last in free trade. Tne same system was wanted here. They did not require high protective duties, and the Doctor was in favour of a unif trm colonial tariff, so that a ship comuig oat from England or elsewhere would find the same duties on every article the same in one colony as in another. He thought that Richard Cobden was a j man to be studied above all his contemporaries. It was he who said—" Why should not a house bs soli in the same manner as anything else, and guaran teed by a simple receipt, instead of the parties being compelled to have'reeourse to a lawyer?" (Hear.) The same view was held by Dr. Wark. (Hear, arid cheers.) If the title was involved, it might be ne cessary to g»to a lawyer, who would make you pay : him well; bat if you sold only an acre, why should not a simple receipt, signed by two witnesses, suf fice? (Hear.) He now came to the grand climax. He told Dr. Wark that sometiu.es a constituency re turned a man, and afterwards discovered th it their member held vi:ws contriry to those which he for merly professed, and in fact that he no longer repre sented their opinions. The answer he received from the Doctor was, that in such a case, if two-fifths of those that returned him called upon him to resign, he would do so. (Hear.) He moved that Dr. Wark was a fit and proper person to represent the district in the Legislative Council 5 and concluded by as serting that he was satisfied the Doctor was no equivocator, and would therefore cry—"Hurrah! for Dr. Wark !" Mr. Bass's call was responded to with considerable enthusiasm. Mr. White, of Payneham, in the absence of Mr. Peacock, sen., seconded the motion. He had no complaint to make against Mr, Fenn, except that his political statements did not accord with his own. lie, however, had known Dr. Wark for seven years as a liberal man, and found that he advanced with the times. Consi lering the Doctor as the more eligible man of the two, he should vote for him. (Hear.) Mr. Burford had much pleasure in comparing the present meeting with the last which he had attended in that room, Then they had t j awaken int ;rest; now they had only to continue the struggle. Wh n he attended the meeting at the Globe, he felt disap pointed, for he thought the district ought to take care of itself. (" Hole and corner.") He saw brought forward by men who, on the last occasion, fought the battle ag liust State aid to religiou and nomiueeism and in favour of a general suffrage—a person who eandidly admitted that he was in favour of what the others then opposed, and adverse to what they at that time approved of. It showed the fatal effects of giving way to their crafty opponents, whose ends all converged in—compromise. They saw clearly that the public feeling was against them, and that if they did not fay manoeuvring bring over some renegades from the liberal side, they would lose all. Unfortunately the very man brought forward by the liberals at the last election was the first to sign the compromise; but that was passed. now. Their opponents were trying the same trick at present. They put State endowments on one side ; Mr. Feuu had said that he would not introduoe the subject as Mr. Fisher did. Mr. Fenn went, however, farther than Mr. Fisher; he would not allow the question to be mo jted. But what was to prevent one of the new inemb rs submitting to the Speaker a motion to the effect that it was expedient for the State to endow religion? Mr. Fisher would certainly hold up his hand for such a motion; and did they think that Mr. Fenn would not? Cousequ;ntly by returning such a man as he, they would be g ving hnn a position to do them hann, and at the first op portunity they would find themselves with a dead majority against them (Hear ) The State Grant could never be in abeyance, for it struck at the root of religious liberty. South Australia was pre-emi nently distinguished above all other nations for her position with reference to this subject. Mr. Bur ford concluded by calling upon the electors not to allow themselves to be en rapp cd, but to sup port Dr. Wark, who was well known to be a liberal and consi-teut man. Mr. Jefferson Stow denied that Dr. Wark's party was the first to bring forward the question of the State Grant, for it had beeu referred to by Mr. Fenn at every meeting. That gentleman had vacil lated ou the subject to such an extent, that it was difficult to ascertain what was liis opinion. He first said it was wr ng, then that it was inexpe dient, then that it was both wrong and inexpe dient, and subsequently would allow the question to remain undisturbed, uuless the country should at a future gnieral election, declare in .av.iur of it. Some reference had been made to a state ment in the Adelaide Times, but they must wait to have the rep at t officially confirmed before they believed that the price of the new Consti tution was to be a State grant to religion. But they all knew how some people manufactured news. The feeling of the district was quite made made no with regard to nomineeism. Mr. Fenn had declared himself in favour of ir, and made the extraordinary statement that be always found the nominees voting on the side of tlie public—instancing the K >yallies as a case in point. But on that subject the four non official nominees were divided; while in the case of the State Grant, all the nominees but one voted in favour of the Bill. Mr. Fenn had said he would resign before any discussion should take place on nomineeism; but if tbe electors trusted to that, they leant upoa a broken reed. Mr. Fenu's actual state ment was, that he would resign 011 being solicited to do so by a majority of those who voted for him; but his supporters diligently rumoured it abont fiat their candidate would resign if requested to do so by a majority of the voters. They could not ex pect those who put him in to seek his resignation. 1 Mr. Stow contended that the opposition was not prema ture, and iuve'ghed against those who said that it was not a respectable opposition, but had been originated by a rabble. This, he said, had been stated privately. The person who made the observation saying, at the same time, that it would not suit election purposes to state so much publicly. The speaker continued his address at some length, and was much applauded at its termination. Mr. Greenway said he hoped some person con nected with the East Torrens District would make some remarks upon what had been said with regard to the District Council influencing this election. Mr. White contended that no one was in the least degree intimidated by the District Council. Their present Chairman was a Councillor, and he (Mr. White) had that day seen another—Mr. Cobbledick —who told him that he did not know Mr. Fenn, and had not much confidence in Dr. Wark. He (Mr. White) paid his rates, and those who did so would be subject to the same amount of intimidation as he was—none. The Chairman then put the question, which was carried unanimously; and the meeting, having given three cheers for the candidate and another three for the Chairman, broke np. The supporters of Dr. Wark met again on Tnes diy at the Duke of Wellington Inn, Paynebam, and about 70 perso is were present. Mr. Nurse was called to the chair. He stated that Dr. Wark was nnable to attend in consequence of ill ness, but he could state on his behalf that he was a straightforward liberal, and those who had brought him torward as a candidate had fall confidence in him that he would, if elected, do all in his power to promote their iuterests. Mr. Bass said there was some hesitation manifested in the first move made for the representation of the district. It was' thought by some who remembered that Mr, Waterhouse was returned by a small majo rity, that it would not be desirable that there should be a contest, especially when it was considered that it was only for a very short time that the Leg is arive Council could beheld together. It was thong it that it would only ble necessary to putin nomination some respectable candidate, without regard to polifcs. A coalition was. aceorlingly formed, bit the trulv liberal electors of East Torrens determined to bring forward Dr. Warfc, and allow t,W getit3eihau'';tp shifr for himself. He did not. think it worth his while to attempt to dissipate the ghost which had been raised by the Adelaide Times respecting Dis trict Councils. It was "a mere bagatelle." But the question of nomhieeistn was 110 trifle. It was the avowed principle of Dr. Wark that every man should have a voice in the electi in of those from whom would emanate the laws by which they were to be governed. (Applause.) The speaker then proceeded in a strain of great earnestness i to expatiate upon the advantages of liberal institu tions. He referred to the condition of France during the reign of terror, for proofs of the evils arising from State aid t» religion, and stated that France had merged, at that period, in o a condition bordering on general atheism in consequence of the infamous de meanour of "lordly bishop*, fat friars, aud burly monks." Dr. Wark was opposed to the bonus pro vided for Government officers in the Civil LiBt Bill. He was a friend to free trade and cheap law, particu larly as regarding the legal conveyance of property ; and last, though not least, he had declared that in the event of any great questions being raised on which a d fferenee of opinion might arise between the con stituency and himself, he wonld resign upon his being called upon to do so by two-fifths of those who had voted for him. (Applause.) Mr. Bass concluded by moving that, in the opinion of that meeting, Dr. Wark was a fit and proper person to represent the District. Mr. Burford seconded. Mr. H. Mildred said It would perhaps be expected that be should explain the eircum-t nices which in duced him to sign the requisition to ilr. Fenn. All who, knew him were aware that he liad always been the friend of civil and religious liberty; and in favour of the ballot, universal suffrage, and other liberal measures. He could most positively say that the assertion that there hal b:en a coalition, was false, and must have originated either in duplicity or ignorance. ~ He was, himself, the first pe-sou applied 11 as a candidate for the district. He had known Mr. Fenn s v ril years, and applied t > him personally to asc rtain his opinions upon" several subjects. Re specting his opiuiou on State aid to relig on, Mr. Fenn informed him that his opinions were considerably modified; and as he considered the quesriou settled, he would never seek to resuscitate it. With regard to nomineeism he said, the Bill having passed the Council, he thought it desirable to await the issue, as they wonld have nine years' practice of its work ing. He stated that he was an advocate of the bal lot ; and with regard to the d> mus, he said he con sidered it to be tli i most u-ijust exaction ever made upon a people He (Mr. Mildred) thought from all that lie knew of the two candidates, that Mr. Fenn, from his position in life, his assiduity and talents, was by far the most able and fitting person to repre I sent the district. Dr. Wark, from his peculiar posi t on, could not attend to his Legislative duties, with out neglecting those connected with his profession. Mr. liuifird referred to the declarations mide by Mr. Fenn in pnblic, as being directly opposed to the declarations made in private, as repeated by Mr. Mildred; and expressed his apprehension that the last-mentioned geutl -man had said, in the warmth of his feelings, that which might mislead tlie elec tors. A rumour was afl nt that the Parliament Bill had been returned, disallowed by the Home Govern ment, 011 account of its not containing compensation clauses for the bishops aud clergy. '1 hey might rely upon it that the vexatious question would, or must be, again revived in the Legislative Council. Mr. Mildrel referred to the reports of the state ments made bv Mr. Fenu at a recent public meeting as a proof that his public statements were precisely the same as those he (Mr. Mildred) had represeuted them. Mr. White—It had been said that there was no ne cessity for a contest; but it was a maxim in trade that "competition prevented imposition and it was equally true that unless there had been a contest they would not have known the respective merits of the candidates. He respected Mr. Fenn, as a man, but he had snch an evasive mode of addressing them, that he might be considered as anything or nothing. Mr. P. Maurice remarked that Mr. Fenn had been called a Tory, but Mr. Giles and others of acknowledged liberal principles had declared that Mr. Fenn was a fit and proper person to represent the District. Mr. Saint said it was no proof of the liberality of Mr. Fenu's party that they refused to allow a man to register his vote who was opposed to that nentlemau. (Cries of " Maine," and " Particulars.") He would do so —Mr. Nathaniel Hailes was the man who refused to allow him (Mr. Saint) to register, because he was not in favour of Mr. Fenn. Mr. Mildred remarked, that Mr. Hardy was the per son to whom electors should send in their claims. Mr.i Hailes had no more to do with it than any other private ; elector. Mr. Jefferson Stow knew that the great body of the people in that district were in favour of Dr. Wark, though they were deserted by their leaders. It was high time, when those who formerly stood forward as candidates of the Electoral Districts on avowed liberal principles deserted the people—it was high time that those who were really liberal should stand firm together. (Applause.) He was sure that those to whom he al luded would, by canvassing in favour of Mr. Fenn, do Dr. Wark's cause more good than harm. After some further remarks respecting the alleged influence of the District Council on the election, The Chairman put the motion, which was carried by acclamation. Ou the negative being put, one hand only was held up. The proceedings throughout indicated that party spirit strongly influenced the electors. Some topics were introduced which were wholly irrelevant to the object of the meeting The speakers on behalf of Dr. Wark were frequently and loudly applauded. The proceedings were closed with the usual compli ment to the Chairman ; three cheers for Dr. Wark, and three cheers for the " Liberty of the Press." MEETINGS OF ME. FENN'S SUPPORTERS. A meeting of Mr. Fenn's supporters was held last evening at the Green Gate, Tusmore. About 50 persons were present. Mr. George Tayior having bsen called to the chair, requested the Secretary to state the objeet of the meeting. Mr. N. Hailes said the chief object of the meeting was simply t.» afford an opportunity of introducing Mr. Fenn 11 the electors of East Torretis residing in that part of the district. Mr. Feun's political prin ciples were well known, but he was present to auswer any questions. Mr. Fenn though it due t> himself t> explain the reasons of his appearing as a candidate for the re presentation of East Torrens. He had some time ago been asked if he would come forward as a can didate; which he then declined t > do. But upon his being further asked whether he would sit a* a member of the Council if returned without expense, he felt that he could not consistently refuse the honour. lie would have himself supported anv other person fit to represent the district, had he first appeared as a candidate. He thought with others that a contest was unnecessary, and that the ques tions which had lately be ui brought before the public had been set at rest. The questions of State aid to religion and Nouiineeisin ha I been raiseJ, but lie only presented himself as a candidate for the district in the first insiaice upon the supposition that there would be no contest. He had not put himself forward, but the requisition calling upon him had b -en presented to hiin by Dr. Wark's own hands. (Hear, hear) It was a matter of perfect indifference to him personally whether he were re turned or not; but they muht depend upon it that if he were he would feel it io be bis duty to devote bis time and energies for the g >od of the colony. (Applause ) tie had not a large stake in the colony, but he was proud to say that he had a fam ly, who he hoped would live and die Australians, and it would be on that account his in terest as well as his duly to support such measures as would be conducive to the well- being of the colony. He had neve changed his principles, though lie had been accused of doing so. (Hear, hear.) ■A ith regard to the question of the Sta'e grant to religion, he considered it to be defunct, and would not himself revive it ti;l au a ipeal had been made to the colonists at a general ejection. He considered the question to be one of political expediency, and one upon which be might hereafter feel disposed to change his views; but he could not conscientiously support an elected Upper House. He was prepared to answer any questions. Mr. Fcrgusson asked Mr. Fenn what he meant by the statement he had made at a former meeting, respecting the influence of District Councils? Mr. Fenn was glad of the opportunity of explain ing. . .It was .well-known that bis opponent was Chairman of the District Council. Mr. Penfold, who was the Clerk to the Council, signed the requisition "to liim (Mr.*.Fesnn^iaiyl at tlie meeting Hob1 he promised Tiitn (Mr. Fenn")" to give hiui $iis powerful suppbrt. ' Heitifo'ri'ned "him that he did not want his support, lie replied that Dr. Wark was" his master, but that it .was jn his power to serve hi n (Mr. Perm). He knew, however, what was alluded to, for at the meeting of the District Council, which was held shortly afterwards, Captain" Penfold —(a voice—"Captain Penfold?")—Yes; he did not allule to Dr. Penfold, who was a very honourable man ; but Captain Penfold applied for and obtained a publiean's general licence. Mr. Fergusson assured the meeting that at the Dis trict Councils meetmg referred to, at which' the I licence was granted, n>t a word of politics was ut | tered, and he did not know whether Mr. Penfoll was I Whig or Tory;. the licence was granted without considerations of that kind. Mr. Fenn did not wish to throw a ly reflections upon Mr. Fergnsson, as heb.-lieved a more honour able and upright man did not exist. He made the remarks alluded t o f or the purpose of showing that an under-current existed with regard to the operations of tie District Council. (Appltuse.) Mr. Bull proposed Mr. Fenn as a fit and proper person to represent the dis rict; and said he con sidered he had been unfairly treated by being put in an unfavourable position by being brought into a contest. (Applause.) Mr. H oward Clark seconded the motion. The electors would have been save! from a contest, were it not for a miserable opposition which had been raised; au opposition which reminded him of an automaton, miserably constructed, without a head, and supported by the last legs of a defunct league. (Shouts of laughter.) The opp ments of Mr. Fenn had raised the cry of nominecisin, but they well knew that the question would not be br night before the notice of the present Council. . A great deal had been said about liberal principles. But had Dr. Wark declared what his political sentiments were? Yes; he had r used the cy of " Down with iioniiueeisih," and had declared Mr. Bentham Neales to be a m m possessing leather lungs, and Mr. Paxton ,t > be a jolly pood fellow. (Cheers and laughter) Ihe op position reminded him of a medical man who was rricommen led to a patient, bat objected to on the ground (bar. he invariably prescribed bran ly to his patients. He would leave the meeting 11 make the application. (Applause ) fhe Chairman then put the motion, which was unaif mously passed. A vote of thanks to the Cha'r.nan was carried ; and the meeting separated after having given three cheers for Mr. Fe.m, and three for the Secretary. Oil Tuesday evening Mr. Fenn met a number of the electors of East Torrens at the Gold Diggers' Arms, Norwood. The long room was crowded with the partisans of both candidates long before Mr. Fenn's arrival. Messrs. T. Giles and Stilling having each declined to preside, Mr. John Baker, M.L.C., was called upon to take the chair; and that gentleman took his seat at the head of the table amidst cheers and cries of " low wages," " scabby sheep." The Chairman explained that he had consented to preside in consequence of two gentlemen having pre viously deelin id the honour. He hoped that those present would keep steadfastly in view the objects of the meeting, and give every person desirous of ad dressing tliem, whatever his opinions might be, a fair oppoitunity of expressing them. Having stated briefly the objects of the meeting, he proceeded to introduce Mr. Fenn. Mr. Fenn came forward, and was received with a volleyof cheers andhisses; the former,however, greatly predominating. He said he had already, on several occasions, fully expressed his p ditical sentiments, and most of the electors knew what they w. re. But he found by that day's newspaper that a cert tin gen tleman, who represented a gentiem represent East Torrens—(laughter)—a Mr. Jefferson Stow—had stated at a meeting held t ie previous evening, that he (Mr Fenn) had expressed senti ments which he certainly never held. He did not really understand what iie had to contend with— whether it was a shadow or subst tnce. Sometimes it was Dr. Wark, and at other times somebody else. Of late Dr. Wark had gone off the course altogether, and substituted for hi uself Mr. Jefferson iStow. (Laught r, and—" Oh !") He apprehended that they would be placed in the same predicament as they were at the last election. Mr. Prescott was before the electors till the eleventh horn-, and then all on a sudden Mr. Waterhouse came forward (Hear.) It wou'd be the same this time; Dr. Wark would keep before them till the eleventh hour, and then Mr. Jef f.rson St >w would come forward. (Laughter.) He (Mr. Fean) had not attended Dr. Wark's meetings. Had that gentleman intended in the first instance to come before them, he (Mr. Fenn) should never have appeared. But the whole district was consulted upon the choice < f a successor to Mr. Waterhouse. (Loud cries of "No followed by counter shouts of '• Yes," and g cot confusion.) The Chairman hoped the meeting would give attention to what Mr. Feun had to say. Anyone who desired to reply would have an opportunity of doing so, b it such interruptions were not ca'culated to place the meeting in possession of Mr Fenu's sen timents. Mr. Fenn continued—It was well known that he never volunteered to come forward; lie uevor sought the honour of representing the district, but asscn ed contrary to his own inclinations. When, however, he saw reported in the paper that a young man like Mr. Jefferson Stow—a mere boy—who knew nothing of English institution-—(Uproar, and a voice, " What do you know? he speaks good sense")—he feit c illed upon to make a few observations. When the adhe rents of any person or party descended to falsehood to maintain their principles, the eau-e which re quired such assista ce was bad indeed. (■' Lie down.") It would be long before he wouid lie down under such an imputati m. Mr. Jefferson Jrt >w was re ported to have said that he (Mr. Fenn) hid vacillated upou the State Grant. If the report were correct, Mr. Jefferson Stow had stated what was false. He (Mr. Fenn) had never vacillated on that question. He had expressed his views on that point openly and clearly, and if any one were so obtuse as not to comprehend him, it was not his fa ;1~. He had always said that if the voluntary principl ■■ could be carried out it was the best system; but he had advocated the State grant as a p ditical expedient. He had stated that he considered the question at rest, and would oppose its being mooted until the country had pro nounced upon it at a general election. He had never altered his opinions to gain their suffrages, and would not do so f >r the suffrag :s of the whole co lony. The electors would find by-^n-l-bve tli it Mr. Jefferson Stow, who represented Dr. Wark, would walk in himself if Dr. Wark were too ill to do so, and, in fact, that it was Mr. Jefferson Stow who was r ally coming forward to solicit their suffrages. (Cries of "No," " Prove it.') Mr. Fenn proceeded to comment upon the speech of Mr. Jefferson Stow, and stated that when he found lie was thus misrepre sented in the public prints, he really felt deg.-aded. He was quite satisfied that I Jr. Wark would never himself have made such a misstatement, or allowed an agcut t > do so. He felt anxious to remove the impressions which might have gone abroad under such misrepresentations. He thought bis principles were well kno wn, but he was ready to answer any questio jr. Mr. Fens resumed l is seat amidst loud checriug, mingled with hisses. Mr. Norton, an elector, would ask Mr. Fenn whether he considered it for the welfare of the co lony that there should be a-iy Upper House at all? Mr. Fenn replied, that at first he consid ;red the New Constitution rather pre na u e. As, however, the control of the 'and fund—(■* that's a bugbear") —could only ba hal on the condition of an Upper House, he thought it certaiul/ desirable to have . one.. Mr. Rob r.s wished to know if Mr. Fenn was j in favour of an extension of the Port 11 the North ' Arm. | Mr. Fenn, as a moderate man, was not in f ivour j of sudden changes. He had no doubt that eventually I the Port would extend to the. North Arm, but he j considered it wou-d ha an act of gr >ss injustice to the | proprietors of the Port if the Government were to introduce a measure, establishing the port of the colony at the North Arm. Mr. Jefferson Stow wished to know if Mr. Fenu . was in favour of District Councils? He did not allude to the details but to the principle of a few men in each district managing the local affairs of that district. " : , Mr. Fenn—Certainly I am; hut I say' this from what I have seen—without political power. _ Mr. Jefferson Stow asked Mr. Fenn whether he' did not say at the Paynebatn meeting that Dr. Wark took the chair at the meeting at the Globe, as a proof that he did not intend to come forward and oppose him. Mr. Venn—What I said at Payneham was that that Mr. W&rk; ("doctor")—I do not know whether -he is a -doctor or -not—presented me . wUh . a ^reguisij_ tion, and-in. twod iys afterwards came out against me. (Applause and hisses.) ^ _ , Mr. Birnam said that the previous evening at 5 minutes to 9 o'clock,.Mr. Jefferson Stow came to the meeting at Titsmore, and wished to see Mr. Fenn, observing that he, - Mr. Stow, had been misrepre sented and scanlalised. Mr. Fenn was not present then, bat perhaps. Mr. Stow, would now explain. The Chairman—If Mr. Stow considers that he lies under anymisrepresentotion, he is at liberty to ad dress the meeting. Mr. Stow said be never complained!at Glen Os mond that he had been unfairly dealt with. He did not go t} the meeting at the Green Gate, as he was not sore of meeting Mr. Fenn, and did not know whether it was not a ruse to draw bun and others from their own meeting. Dr. Wark, when appointed Chairman, was bound to act impartially, to do his duty to all parties, and what he was directed to do by the meeting. (Cries of" No.") He was obliged as Chairman to present the requisition, to Mr Fenn. I He only did so as Chairman_of the meeting, and the imputations which bal been cast upon him were not just. The remarks which had fallen from Mr. Fenn respecting himself were flattering—(a voice "It was only a joke;" another, "They're like holes on the diggings with nothing in them—shicers.")— coming as they did from such a gentlemen. He had come torwar.l in support of Dr. Wark, because he believed that principles were at stake, -bat he had none of the enthusism for his candidare which Mr. Fenn's supporters expressed for him, or of that ad miration which Mr. J. B. Neales felt for Mr Fenn, whom he not only exalted above the levels of any other mm in'the district, but compared with Sir Charles Napier. (Laughter, and " Oh!") The Chairman thmght the speaker was rather wide of the question. Mr. Stow—Then I will move a resolution, and I can say what I please. It is, " That Mr. Fenn is not a fit and proper mm to represent this district." (Tremendous cheering and hisses.) Mr. Fenn had charged him with falsehood in stating that he vacil lated. He might have used the word, bat he heard Mr. Fenn declare that he had always btriieved the volunta-y principle to be correct in principle, and that a State grant was politically expedient. Mr. Fenn had that evening held out a supposition that lie might again change his views at a future general election, lie would ask the meeting if that man should be trusted'who f .r/ned his ideas according to the ebbings and Sowings of popular opinion. He had heard of tickling the ears of the multitude, but never of such a piece of dem lgoguism in his life. (Cheers.) Dr. Wark's party had been accnsed of raising the cry of the State grant, bat it was not true; it was Mr. Fenn's party that had done so, and Mr. Fenn never made a speech at a meeting without referring to it. Tne fact was they never be lieved that the public coutd b: roused by the cry of nomiueeism, and so they brought forwaid the State grant question. It was said that many of the staunchost liberals in the district were on Mr. Fenn's side, but he (Mr. Stow) and those with whom he took part, were not bound t> follow their example, and because they could not agree upon the time to make a struggle, were not be debarred from stirring. He believed that if Mr. Fenn were e'ected the moral effect would be in fivonr of nomiueeism. (Cries of "no," "yes," "quite right," and " pretty cocky." Something h id been said about the District Council influencing the election. He did not know what Mr. Peufbld might have done, but Mr. Bonney, Dr. Wark, and Mr, Muller were members of the C luncil, and it was not reasonable because they acted in that capacity to charge them with making the District Council a political instrument. He should not .have been present had it not been said that he was afraid to meet Mr. Fenn—(cheers and hisses)—whom, however, he did not consider a fit and proper person to represent the district. (Cheers and disapprobation.) Mr. Hailes, who was received with mingled eheers aad hisses, said th it before Dr. Wark was in the field, the strongest aig imeut used to him as a reason why he ought not to support Mr. Fenn wa~, that he was in favour of the State grant. With regard to Mr. Fenn's opinions on that question, he heard them, and was so satisfied wi h them that he determined to support him, and save the district a contest. Dr. Wark was net known as Mr. Fenn's opponent when he took the chair; he afterwards went to Mr. Fenn's house, and did not even thenf refer to his own opposition. Mr. J. B, Neales felt gritified after what had been said by Mr. Jefferson Stow, to find that he could not get a seconder. He (Mr. Neales) would guarantee to find a seconder immediately to what he had to propose, namely, that Mr. Fenn was a fit and proper man to represent the constituency. Mr. Howard CI irk seconded. The resolution was put and declared carried. Some zealous partisans «f Dr. Wark exhibited au inclina tion to question the correctness of the Chairman's decision, but although many hanis were held up for the ueg itive, there was certainly a maj irity in favour of the resolution. Three cheers were then given for Mr. Fenn, tbr je for Dr. Wark, and three for "young" Stow, ani the meeting separated. 