THE READERS OF THE DEEP. I . (From a Correspondent.) I A GREAT deal of interest being excited by the title Romance of the steamer Golden Age on her maiden trip to Australia, allow me to offer a few remarks thereon. It has become of late so much the custom to consider everything emanating from the United States as pre-eminently fast, that sober reason is quite out of the question : but if we calmly ex- amine- the facts of the run called extraordinary, we shall see abundant reason to assert that she has done no wonder. The saine remark will also apply to American sailing vessels. In the first place, with respect to clipper ship? of the American flag, it is unquestionable that British clippers have most gloriously excelled them both in speed and carrying qualifications, and that the palm of superiority is still the possession of the British American clippers of any register tonnage do not, as a rule, carry over their tonnage. Now we find that English shipbuilders have successfully solved the difficult problem of causing ships of the modern class to carry a tonnage nearly, if not quite equal, to those of the old regime, that is, two-thirds over and above their register, and at the same time attain the highest rate of velocity. The unparalleled voyages of the clipper s employed in the China trade for the past four years demonstrate this for in no instances have the British clippers been beaten, and rarely equalled. The United States have repeatedly sent out their first class vessels to compete with them, and have signally failed, witness the last example of the British Challenger and the American Nightingale. in the Australian trade the American clipper' Sovereign of the Seas, which was to have made the best run ever known to Melbourne, according to her builders' account, went into Port Phillip on the eighty-first day : the excuse was she had such calms and light winds. Of course this excuse is allowed, although a British vessel has not the name allowances made for her. Pray, how many English vessels have done it inYar less time? The past two years will furnish the answer and if that answer is not quite satisfactory, we shall prove beyond a doubt, in the next two years, that, however the Great Republic (take the word to represent the famous ship or the nation goes a-head in speed on the ocean the British ship will, still prove herself the fastest sailer, and the greatest carrier. We may just suggest the inquiry-howiwas it that the much-vaunted yacht America beat the English. yachts in a race ? Merely because she had a wind she stipulated for yes, she at that time beat the English yachts ; but one fact is always studiously kept out of view, viz., that she was built on purpose to compete with the English yachts, while not a single yacht was pitted against her that had been constructed for the purpose. But the next year the Old Arrow, 25 years old, having been lengthened, walked right away from her. The year afterwards, the Americans, not satisfied with what they had attained, did their utmost with their new yacht Sylvie. The English then built the Julia to compete with her, and in a fair race, when the only stipulation was each to do her best honorably, the Sylvie had not a ghost of a chance with the Julia. Now, with respect to the Golden Age, it Will he readily granted that, other circumstances being equal, the vessel that has the greatest well applied power in proportion to her tonnage, ought to attain the highest degree of velocity. The Golden Age is of 2800 tons register, and 800 horse power 'nominal) ; she has, therefore, 38 tons dead weight to each horse power. The Great Britain is of 3550 tons register, and 500 horse power nominal (without her long deck house), being 7 tons to each horse power-that is just double. If we grant that each vessel's engine can work up to a higher power, it only makes the case worse for the Golden Ace. Now, look to the results : here is a vessel of a tons to each horse power, performing a journey in iii days 7 hours, excluding stoppages, and another vessel having double the weight to propel to every horse power, doing the same journey in 61 ''aye and old, excluding stoppages (and really in 5 days less time adding the stoppages; this gives a difference of the per cent, in favor of the Golden Age ; very little real difference when we take all circumstances into consideration, for the Golden Age being quite a new vessel, with all the improvement that American ingenuity could suggest, ought to have beaten the Great Britain by at least 50 per cent., especially when we consider that the latter vessel's hull was constructed 14 years since. Had the Great Britain the same power in proportion that the Golden Age has, a speed of 17 miles per hour would be easily got out of her, and she would then beat the Golden Age by at least 60 days. If we compare the Golden Age with the Argo, Victoria, and Australian, we shall find that she preponderates in proportionate power, for they have 1 horse power to 4 3, 5 and 6 tons. From this we may fairly reason, that if their power was in proportion to their tonnage, in the same and is as that of the Golden Age, they would quite equal her. The Golden Age is said to he on the model of the Collins steamers, n line which was built to compete with the Cunard boats in speed, at the sacrifice of nautical elegance. Of these Cunard boats, the Arab! i is that which nearest approaches the Golden Age in proportionate power to tonnage, and she is the fastest on the Atlantic, so fast that none of the Collins boats can compete with her the Golden Age cannot. The Asia and Arabia keep up for the whole trip 139 to 14 miles per hour, and frequently ran 17 and 17. The Golden Calf in her trip across the Atlantic kept up 12 1-20th miles per hour, and on her Australian trip 10 1-5th miles per hour, excluding stoppages II To consider the kind of engines the American boats have, the pressure they work them at, and other circumstances, we shall find that, far from having anything to boast of, England has left them in the back ground in the steam race. We must reserve this for a future occasion. 