TXfpnrrvnrvft voTrnES. Tmpounded at the Public Pound, Angus Park — One red steer, \VD behind near shoulder, like D near shoulder: one ml steer, \VD behind near shoulder, like \\\ off rump. If not claimed, to be sold March 13, 1854, at noon. JOHN* S. I'LUSII, Poundkeeper. Impounded at the Public Pound, Lyndouh Valley, Section 5200— One liijht rwl stwr, earmarked, like MT off rump: one brindle cow. white buck, holly, and tail, broad boms, like L off rump, like 7 on' ribs ; one red heifer calf, white ba-k and bell v, no brand ; one brindle bull, bald face, white belly, like C ~ M near rump, abont eighteen months old : one red and white bullock, cock horns, like Mi near ribs, Glv off rump: one white heifer, red ears, like j\ with bar across, near shoulder. SW off rump. If not claimed, to be sold March 13, 1S34, ut noon. E. I). SATO HELL, Poundkeeper. Imponnded at the Public Pound, Gawler Town — One red cow, Ji) with O under olf ribs ; one strawberry heifer, JO with O under off ribs; one brindle iww, JO with O under off ribs ; one red and white steer, JC with O under off ribs ; three yearling heifers, Jl! with O under off ribs ; one strawberry |-oiy heifer, illegible brands near ribs; one white cow, lame off fore leif, O with 591 under near ribs, IT near rinnn, with bull calf ; one yellow and white bullock, near b ok« PCO 110 with E 274 under near shoulder, E I' off ribs, 7 off .shoulder ; one black steer, \V off neck : one red bullock, CM near shoulder, \VM near ribs, \VM near horns ; one black and brown cow, liS near ribs, SI near rump, HL con joined near thigh, 165 oil' ribs, IIIvl off rump, with bull calf; one red heifer, \VM off rump; one brown and white bullock, cock horns, IS off rump, 'IV. off thigh, ii off shoulder, writing It with other illegible brands near ribs ; one strawberjy steer, illegible brands near ribs; one red and white steer, Wolf rump; one red heifer, K near rump; one struwlierry cow, (Tt off ribs AH conjoined off rump ; one strawberry steer, tfr off ribs ; one red cow, GG off ribs, illegible brands, with bull calf; one dark brindle bull, white back and belly, no brand; one red bull»ck,2 withTover U off ribs, .1.1 near shoulder, G with H under near rump. If not claimed, will be sold March 13, 1854, at noon. CHARLES CRACK, Poundkeeper. Impounded at the Public Pound, Nairne — One light bay entire horse, about eighteen months old, H near shoulder, star on forehead ; one chesnut horse, white down face, white near fore foot, white near hind foot, L off side ribs under saddle. If not claimed, to be sold ou the 13th March, 1854, at noon. JOHN KA'OWLES. Poundke«]x-r. Impounded at the Public Pound, Section 7557, Gawler River, Munno Para — One red cow, white spots on belly, flunks, legs, and fore.head, cock liornsi, like Y off shoulder, like \VI near ribs; one light brown cow, wide horns, white on back, Ixslly, legs, and tail, like \VF off rump, CO with 2 under off thigh, KOS near ribs, strawberry and red calf by side. If not claimed, to be Hold on the 13th March, 1854, at noon. WILLIAM HAMISOX, Poundkeeper. Impounding. — A case of soiuu importance as it respects the relative powers of parties affected by the operation of the Jm[H-uiuling Act, wus decided at the Local Court on Wednesday last. The complainant was .lobitnn Hentze, one of the occupiers of the two sections of lmnl in which is comprised the German village of Klcmzig. Mr. Mdwin BavHeld, of the O. G. Inn, Gilles Plains, was the duteiiiluut. it appeared ii oni me rwueuw wiui hip sjiiu ncieiiiiiiiii, acting upon the written authority of one of the leaseholder*, had been in the habit of turning out to feed upon the sec tions three cows and two calves. On the 3rd instant the. complainant drove tlie cattle to a *tockvanl situate ou one of the sections, intending to iiii|Miiiuil them for trespassing upon his portion of the hind ; and defendant, hearing this, took with him three other iin-u, mid prof fered a luilfjieiiiiy per head tor tli« rcl&ise; of the cattle. The complainant refusal to take tlmt amount, and de manded 4a. as special damage. The defendant refused to pay thut sum, un;l, utter some ultercation, rescued the cattle by f.uve, anl then, with the assistance of the men who accompanied him. to k them to his own home. The next day the complainant luiil an information against defendant for unlawfully rescuing the. cuttle. Several witnesses were examined, bur, the .complainant failed in proving that each of the five head of cattle had trepassed upon Vis portion of the sections Ah it was shown, however, that at least one of the cows had been impounded therefrom, Ins Worship decided that the de fendant was not justified in rescuing ail the cattle. He was consequently fined 10s., ami XI 15d. costs. WiL'.u.vo.v M kchanum' Institutk. — The first meeting of tin; Instiui'e was haiil on the evening of Mond-iy, the 6 h instant, when tho Hi.-v. Mr. Burnett delivered the opening lecture. A committee met to deliberate ujioii futuie proceedings, and the names ot i u-ty |--;!S»--n- weiv e.nrulh.-d as suiisei i lers. ?Several otluTrs expr \\*sed a desire for information, and it was i*i solved that the ruins of the institute .should I be printed. Tot Ah Ar.sTiXKXoR Society. — Wo hive bjen favoured with a n-py of the, annual report, of the Society for th-- year 1853. n-jatly pr.ututl by Messrs. Hussey anl Shawyer, King \\\ 'illiam- strcet. The report refers at length to the exertions madu by the Society du.-insj thu p;vst \eir to cxt:ud its pviucijiles, and cxtirpic intemp'.-nutcj. Among other msutcrs etfocted. a -ife ha-* beiii secured for n Te ? pe nice Hall in Piric-sreet, opnnsitu this Corporation Ac- re, ami the Comiuit'cu entertain s-i' guine hopes of bjing able in a -\v-rl time to erect a *ui table udifr^e, wiiich will reflect credit mi the Society, and be an onwaent to i bit centr.l part of the city. A plan for the dis tribution of oral ctfirt in tin; cause, siinilir to that of the Ioc 1 1 preachers in the Wos'eyan Society, lias also been arranged, and acted on pretty j:eiie.-ftlly during the year. Perhaps the most pleasing and useful means (towards carrying out the great noeial reform f.»r which the S icietv was founded) nd--pted during the year, was the formation of a juvenile association, termed the Hand of Hope, bclioving that to induce sobriety or any o:her virtue, it is an imperative duty to ?' tra;n up a child in tho way he should go/' The report refers to various other mat ters interesting to all favourable to the suppression of those habits which are known to lead to intem perance, and concludes with an ea-neit a peil to the people --f South Australia to join the Totil Absti nensj Society. Eloquence ok a Yankee Tiiuni-i-:i:kk. — One Paul Oenton, a Methodist preacher in Tex -s, ad vertised a barbacue, with better liquor than usually furnished. When the people were assembled, a. despe rado in the crowd cried out, ' .Mr. Paul Ijenton, your reverence has lied. You promised us not only good barbacue, but better liquor. Whe.re is the liquor ?' 'There!' answered the missionary, in tones of thun der, and (says a Yankee contemporary) pointed his mo tionless finger at the m.itchless double spring, gushing up in two strong columns, with a sound like a shout of joy from the bosom ot the earth. ' 1 here !' lie re peated, with a look terrible as the lightning (while his enemy actually trembled on his feet), ' there is the liquor which God, the eternal, brews for all His chil dren ! Not in the simpering still, over smoky tiras choked by poisonous gases, and surrounded with the stench of sickening odours and rank corruptum?, doth your Father in heaven prepare the precious essence of life, the pure cold water : but in the green glmle and grassy dell, where the red deer wanders, and the child loves to play — there God brews it, aud down, lo'.v down in the deepest valleys, where the fountain murmurs and the rills sing ; and high upon tliK tali mountain tops, where the naked granite glitter* like ^old in the sun, where the. stinn-ciouJ hro.U.s and the, LhunJer storms crash ; and away far out on the wide, wild sea, where the hurricane howls music, ami the big waves roar the chorus, sweeping the march of God— there he brews it. that beverajra of life, liettlth--riviii-r water. And everywhere it is a thing of beauty ; gleaming in the dew-drop: sinking in the summer rain ; sliini ig in I the ice gem till the trees all seem tuned to living jewels, spreading a. golden veil over the setting sun, or ft white gauze around the midnight moon ; R|wrtiiig in the catarjiet ; sleeping in the glacier ; dancing in the hail shower; folding its bright snow curUiiii3 softly about the wintry world ; and weaving the manyco loured iris, that seraph's zone of the sky, whose warp is j the rain-drop of earth, whose woof is the sunbeam of heaven, all chequered over with the celestial flowers, by. the mystic hand of refraction. Still always it is baau tiful — that blessed life-water ! No poison bubbled on I its brink ; its foam brings no madness and murder; do blood stains its liquid glsvss ; pale widows and starving orphans weep no burning tears in its depths ;iiotlrunkard's shrieking ghost from the grave curses it in words of eternal despair .' Speak out, my friends! would you exchange it for demon's drink, alcohol?' A shout, lite the roar of a tempest, answered, ' No '.' 