SHIPS' MAILB. 'Bfails will he closed at the General Post Office, as follows : Fob. «delaide.-By tho Sea Nymph, this day, at noon, if no; intlerwrirfh Fon'MonETOX Bay ano Wide Bat.-By the City of Melbourne [».), this dny, at 2 p.m. Poa Auckland.-By the Algeriue, this day, at noon, if not uaderncign. Fon Calcutta.-By the Anglo Saxon, this day, at noon, if not _ulerwcigh. For Hobart Tow».-By the Wild Irish Girl, this day, at noon. Poa Launceston.-By the Lizzie Webber, lilla day, at noon. Ton Batavia.-By the Kyndcrdjb, this day, at noon, if not un derwcigh. Fon Valparaiso.-By the Adolph, this day, at noon, if not un derwiigh. Fon New Plymouth, (N.Z.)-By the Velox, this day, at noon. The Late r amain M'E aciiarn.-The remains of this lamented gentleman were conveyed totbiir final resting place yesterday afternoon, followed by the relatives ai.d a largo number of friends. The bo ty was interred in the Scots' burial-giound, the Rev. W. -Lin 's«y officiating.-L. Chronicle. Wbbck op tiie Brahmix.-Shortly after intelligence had been jeci ivc.t here of the wreck of the Brahmin, bound fiom London to Sidney, we Btned that the relativos of tho deceased Captain M'Eacham nad resolved upon removing his body from itR solitary resting-place. The schooner Native Lass wa» engaged for this purpnso. and n party consisting of Mebsrs. Robert, Archibald, .and John M' Eachurn, brothers of tho deceased, Mr. C. N C imp bell, a brother-in-law: ncco-npanied by Ciptain D. Williams, and Cantatn M'TiviBh, of the Thomas Mid J.iseph Ciisp, who kindly tendered their assistance, proc eded ti King'r I-lmd, having maietbo necessary arrangements fur their melancholy .undertaking. The expedition wa« »-igiinUysuccei-sfu'. hav ng horn only absent from Launceston about four days. The following letter will be perusid with interest .-'.The. schooner Nativo Loss, Captain Blacklock, sailed from Launceston Hearts, on Sunday m ming, 19th November, bound t > King's Island, f r the nurpoau of remoilug the rctnninF of the late Captain Mulco'm M'Eichurn, of tim ship Brahmin, of Glasgow, lost on that island in M y lust, to Launceston for interment. On Mo- day 20ih, at .noo", the wind foiled, being then between the Harbinuer and Navarino rocks. At 3 p m. a breeze from the westward sprung up, . «nab in* us io l»n. the reefs and sUnd in to Franklin Hoads. At .4. p.tn we were boarded by a boat from th i gf\ crament > chooner Ji-acon, in which wer.) the Surveyor-Gunoriil anil Mr. D. Howie, jujl f oin »h m we received some valuable inform ii ion ns o I îututo proceedings. The Beacon then ttood to sea, bound for Port Davey. At 4'30 left the schooner in two whale boats, and after puliinii about six miles, effected a Inn-ling with little diffi- culty in >he b'lttnm of the bay, on a fire sandy bench. On a emull em!, ei ce near the beach we found several huts, and a fino well of pare wutr-r. I" ihe neighbourhood of tho huts the s rn-ry is -beautiful in ihb extreme, and the lund generally appears t ? be of gi'Oil quality. Wc hero saw several grnv s, onooi which in pal tie liar attracted our attention, i.eing built over «1th brick and litiTtilh covered with flower« of various dufcii tim", all of which -ere i i full bln«snm ; tho grave Is said to bo tbe resttng-plnoo of tue wile of a ca tain of a vissel «recked on tbo islntd many year« »gi At 0 p. m. wc left Ihe but«, and for about fhno m les travelled tbrouuh a Ano nu- ul ittng countiy; in some pi ices the scenery ptcsciited a fine park-like appcrunce and much rcfinbli d portions of the Victotia oisti ict ; in others theuniierwoul was so thick as almost to obstruct our progress. Upon Kgain r a hing the beach our track lay over mgg and snft iM-rt-hy soil, rendeiingour pn giefs slow ai-d ..iffleult. Ai iW t o'ntwcfiist saw portton« of the wreck; the beach Irom this .» the .-n i »four journey being strewed with mero .uudi*e i>f everv «ie-ciiptiop, which, togcth r with the tpara and parte of tho Bnfortunate Brimin, presmtrd a iw-laui holy spectacle to e.ur vi.w. 'this part i>f the coatt is bounded by rerfs, e\ten Ing Jaliy a mile and a half into the sea, which breaks fearfully upon them, and tho wonder is that u single life waa spared to tell tho melancholy tale At nine p m . we arrived at the grave of our departed brother and friond, and there, in tho so- lemn darkness of the hour, broken only by occasl mai flushes of lightning, we knelt around the cold grave, offered up our thank«, giving to Him, who is the God of quick and dead, for having thus far emblen us to perform what wo believed to be a solemn duty We then proceeded to ino tent erected by the survivors of tho Brahmin, and left by thcin on their depvrture from the island, full of valuablo morolnndiso On our arrival howevei, wo were disappointed, as durirtr their absence tho whole had bi en burnt to the gtound W e howev cr found elleker from tho storm, milich by this time «ia rajpng furiously, in some huts for merl> inhabited by the Lascars of the Brahmin On Tuesday morning we proceeded with our melancholy work, and had the satisfaction of finding the romains in a a .ale of presen ation which we cuuld not have calcul itcd. U( on After placing i neat rail round the spot and replacing the stones, v o retraced our steps, and after a pninful journey reached the landing place with the remains of our lamented fuend, at 3 p m There being much surf on the beach and being much exhausted with our rugged journcj, we deferred leaving the beach till the following morning At du}hsht on Wednesday morning, we succeeded in Hunching tbe boats with much difficulty, they being nearly fillet «ita water in the attempt On getting on board, wo immediatilv got under« eigh, and proceeded U sei, and cnteicd Launceston Heads cn Thursdt) In conclusion, I would observe tint Franklin B ly is a most dour iblc unchorogc for vcäscls boun I to the westward, and requires only to be better known to be moro generallyu ed Tie Name Liss rode out a >ery htavy gilo close under tho l\cw \ear iBlandB, the water being quite smo th, and the current set ing to th» westward strong during the whole time i-he remained there If you can find room for thi» long letter in your valuable pnper, j ou « ill confer a lasting f » our on sur\ Ia fug relate e* and fi iends, both here and at a distance -I am, Sir, your obedient servant, D Williams '-L Chi Quisle Tur Comiso Mau. -Tho mail from fcnglan 1 to the 4111 October, maj be cxpicted shortly It will be brou~lit to us in our tried friend the Argo, ono of the finest boats for hcrsi/oin the powerful fleet of the General 'crew Steam Shipping Co , and willoh ves el, on her last Msit to this colony, made the passago out in t-l\t\ - seven dave, and homo in sixty-four The mails will bo duo on the 8th instint, and it is expected, in this instance, sill be toleiably punctual Trtoy will bo the first despatched for this o lony under the enliphtenod Brstcm recommended bj tho Home Government for tbo adoption of tue colonies gentrollv, to secure the continuance of which arrangement n Bill is now uuder the consideration of the Legislative Co incil ihc Argo will sail lrom this port on her homovrard vovageon the 7th January -A)gus Launch -A fi to i-chooner of 12 tons, built In Geelong, was launched INov ember 30, in the presence of a select company, ard the first we noiicv cover launched in this port, bcr name is to be the Esther Mary The owners are Messrs Bentley and Rollinson -Geelong Athel tisa. The CHAMPION OF THE SEAS, NEW CLIPPER SHIP -Mr Donald M'Kay, the celebrated American ship builder, has recentlv launched at East Boston, a new clipper ship, built for Messrs J Baines and Co 's " Black Ball" line of packets between this port and Australia The new ship hus been named the Champion of the Seas, and has a registered tonnage of 3000 tons. An American contemporary says -" The Champion of the Seas, in beauty of model, strength, construction, and all the other elements of per- fection, is a decided improvement upon the Lightning Her ends are as long, though not so sharp or concave, and are even more beautiful in their form. She is 238 feet long on the keel, and 250 feet on deck between perpendiculars, which, as the stern post is uptight, gives her a fore rake of 12 feet, her extreme breadth of beam is 46 feet, and depth 29 feet, dead rise at half floor 18 inches rounding or swell of sides 10 inches, and sheer 4 1/2 feet. Her greatest breadth of beam is precisely at the centre of the load dis- placement line, and she is rather fuller aft on that line than she is forward. The concavity of her load line forward is about 2 1/2 inches, but above there the form of the bow is deci- dedly convex, and flares above the out- line of the upper wale. A full figure of a sailor ornaments the bow, and on the stern, which is semi elliptical in form, the Aus- tralian coat of units is carved The run is long and clean, and blends in perfect harmony with the general outline of the model. Broadside on she has all the imposing majesty of a ship of war, combined with the airy graces of a clipper. The bulwarks are 4 1/2 feet high, built solid and are surmounted by a monkey rail which extends fore and aft. Her cabins, which are below, on the in tin dcok, extend betw t en 70 and 80 feet from the stem The ufer one is 30 feet long, bj i4 feet wide, and 7J feet high It it beauti- fully wainscotted with mnhogan), seton" into Gothic inched paréis relieved wlthifiltled carved worn, and is furnished with the most cosily materials, anti in the hiebest stylo of ait Ihc dining suloon before it is 40 feet Ion« and is flmsned and furnished In tho same tasteful style as the cabins abaft it These cabins have oblong, square skj lights over thom nearly tho whole Ungth All the stutcrooms have i.quaro sdoight", or ports, which can be opened in Ano weather, and deck lights besides, und perforated ventilators betwetn tho benn* Ihe ves- tibule contains the pantry and a rnejsroom on the larboard side, and a bathroom and other apartments opposite, and before these aresttveral storerooms The deck beftre the cabins io alto de signed for the accommodation of passengers, has square port» along its sides, and wilt bo fitted with staterooms She will also ourrj passengers ou the lower deck, which like that above it, is 7J throughout the ship has been applied In fact, nothing thut ingenuity could dev ¡se, has been omitted to render her accommo- dations tho most p rfect in every particulat The entire frame of the ship is of scusunetl white o ik, and all her hooks, pointers, and knees, aro of the sumo wood , her planking and ceiling of hard pine, and she is square fastened throughout, and butt and bilgo belted with copper. Ihe keel is of lock maple, in two dopths, each 10 inches square The whole frame, foro and aft, isdiagomllv cross braced with Iron, five inches wide, Jthsof an Inch thick, and 38 feet long Thcso braces are bolted through every frame, and through every intersec- tion , aro let into tho timbers and celling, and e\t»nd from tho first futtocks to the top timbers, In sh rt, the hull is as stronglj built as it n possible for wood, iron, and couper to make it She has below a water tank of 5000 gallois capacity, and upon her uriival in Liverpool will hue other watertanks fittrd alongside of the keelsons, and extending to the bilge Her ground mckie bouts, rigging, io , are of the best quality Ko) als are htr highe t fails forward and aft, con- sequently tho harmonj of her masts and yards aro e impleto, and make hoi a nerf ot picture to the eye lho lower musts and bow- sprit are built of har I pine, dowcllcd together, bolted and hooped ov er all with iron, and the topmast« and jibbjtnns aro also of hird pine The length of the matu lower uia»t above the deck is 88 fext, and measures in diameter 42 inuhes Tho roninyard is 100 feet lor g including yaruarms and 21J inches in diameter There aro about 12,500 yards of cama« in a singlo suit of her sails Aloft »swell as below, there aie the same harmony of outlino and the samo co i píetenos s of details, which render bei not only the most beautiful but th» most perfect ship that Mr M'Kay has produced Cap ain Ale\ander >ew lnrd , the oommanderof tht Sovereign of the lea», superintended the build and equipment of tho tlup Tho Champion of the Sens ?b uld lo ive Boston ubout the 18th Instant in tow of a steamer for ¿New îorL, and there load a cargo for Liv rpool, arriving in time to t»ko the berth after the departure of tho Marco Polo Mr M'h v has now on the slocks a beautiful clipper ship, of nearly 4000 t.ms to be nam d the Jumes Baines, and n hen she is huKchwl he w ill build another of the same büo for tho same line -Lnei - pool Paper I Custom House.-Entered Outwards: December G. Patriarch, barque, 569 tons, Trcvarthen, for Callao. The Onkaparinga, from Wellington (N.Z.), arrived at Melbourne on the 29th ultimo. The Fanev, from Merimbula, reports the schooner Queen of tho South, hence, as having arrived at Pambula on the 2nd instant. Sh» brings as cargo, 48 bales of wool. The Adventuic, from Hobart Town, and Sarah, from Port Fairv, bring no repot t. The Joseph 8omrs has had a long and telious passage of 101 days from China, having experienced nothing but head winds durng the wholo of the voyage. ,6ho called at King Georgo's Sound on the passage down ana remained there five days. ' The Wanderer, Coila, and Acacia, aro from Melbourne, but bring no report. The Emerald from the Friendly Islands reports having spoken the barque Royal Lilly hence for Manila, on the 1st instant, at G p.m., in latitude 3211 S.. longitude 160-52 E. The Eena is a very smart looking craft now on her first voyage. She is originally from London, and brought a cargo from that port to Port Fairy. She was built to the order of Mr. Edwin Hickey, of this city, who we understand intends her for the colonial trade. The M»rit, from Molbnurne, reports hiving sighted the Governor-General (s ), off Twofold Bayon the 3rd instant, at 5 p.m., also the Waratah (s.), about 10 miles astern. The Juste has been 54 days oa the passage from Mauritius ; she brings no report. The Northern Crown silted from Melbourne on the 25th ultimo, bat waa compelía! to rcturi to Port Phillip Heads on the 30,h, having been struck hy a squall, in which she carried away her mnin'opsail yard She is originally from Now York, and bringB » very large cargo from that port. In consequence of the ioport*in'tho Singapore Free Press, of 14th July, thai the pirates of North Borneo had established themselves on one of the sinai! islands of tbe Natunns, where tbey had erected a smull fort and were busy repairing their prnhus, H. M. stcamor Vesuvius, and brit B inda proceeded to that quarter to look after these pirates. On the 20'h August tiny renchcd Sirhassnn, the chief i land nf the South Natunns group Information wna re ceivca from the Dato Orang Kaya of the island, that two months previously somo pir ite prnhus bad made their appearance amongst the island» and re fs and had captured and carried nway 19 per- sons, all fishermen, and it was supposed that they had probably about a month hitor gone to the - Tambelin i-lands. Pilots could i ot be procured to take the vessels amongst the Fmallcr islands, but from all the information obtainable it appeared that tho pirates were no longer in the vicinity, and on uccou-it of the want of pilots and the bad weather experienced, the Vesuvius and Banda, after oruising by tbo north of ¡jirhassun, returned to Sambas. As n'ready announoed by the clpctric telegraph, the Sesostr's has returned from her oruise to the Adamnns in search of the missing Lidy Nugent without finding tho sligntest traces of her. The steamer prosecuted tht search to windward of the islands, making as close a pcrutiny ai possible, but to no purpose. Cap'ain Ncblett, we understand, bas mado a detailed report of his pro- ceedings. Wo aro informed also that the Nemesia, which was dofpatched on the same humane mission by tho authorities at Rangoon, had returned after an eqaallv ineffectual se ireh. Under these circumstances it were ' hoping ug dnst hope' to suppose that the Lîdy Nugent and the many llv. s on ooard had mot with other than the mui-t terrible fato which they seem toi dlo>tc, but that wo are toi'1 th»t a gentleman in Calcutta is in receipt of a commu- nication from Madras, in whioa it is stated that the Lady Nu-fcnt is all right, though where we have not heard. If any such communication has really been made to the gentleman 'alluded io, wo trust he will lose no time in publinhing It. Even with this feeble glimmering of hopewoshull n.t b'licve other- wise than that the uiis-ing vessel is "all right " But should the onBE tu n out the reverse, as wo dev ully trust it will not ; we leam that certain persons of theclty are prepared to make affidavit that the loss of the ship arose from the want of a re-survey of the Bay of Bengal, since writing the above, wo hive received the following particulars of the explora ory trip of the Sesostiis. It appear« that the steamer traversed the * h'ile sp ice in the vic nlty of the Andamans, and it is Captain Neblett'a opinion that if there was a recent wreok ho could not have.f tiled to observe it But ho saw non>-, nor the slightest traces of any. The only extent not explored was to the south of ihe Andaman,, m irked in the < ha ts as Rutland Island, and as " dangerous." This was not approacned as there was a hign sea at tho time; as the ste mer had air adv struck upon a coral reef, of whioh the charts gave no warning ; end us Captain Nehlett felt hesitation in following their euldunce. But although nothing wob discovered in respeet to the immdiaio oMtcts of the search, at ? no of tho Nicobar group, called Terossa I lan , Captain Neblelt mpt with ii vcy intelligent native who, however,spokerather unintelligible English. This "nn,"it woulu seem, is an oM acqua ntance of Emopeans visiting those part-, who have niuhnuned him Gnliluiohur. Mr. Goldmohur, then of tbut ilk, vuluntarily informed C.iptain Neolett that, within the lust two years six vessels bad been s°en cutaolf utNoncoury. Of the last thrpe cut off, on« wa» -mid to have been commanded hy an Englishman, anti tho two nthers bl I N tcodas or Arabs.- Tho commanders, passengers and crews of all the vissels, inolud'ng some women and children, were all murdered, with the exception of a youn« fern de of an Arab s ip, who appears to have been reserved 'or a worse fate, hut who tnnnnged to cheat the Noncowrian savanes bv glvime u i the ghost. We wondi r if Captain Ncblett's new acqusintancc, G->ldmohur, is Ihe Mulav gcnilcm .n in mixed Eun.poin co-tumu wrom Captain Dlecy met in the sume insulut' d .otmUiy three or four years ugo, when he went In command of the Tcnas«e A sim'lur rxpe itionî We shnuld also like to know how Mr. Gnlilinohur derived his peculiir soubriquet, and if it has any- thing to do with his charging a fee in goirfnwhurs for h s infor- mât on as g ntlt- men of the long robe do for advlee. It may b' me-tioned thit the Sesosiris put Into Rangoon ti» ooal after the fea'cn in the Andamn s, and having done so »ho proceeded to the Nioob irs. and i h nee returned to Calcutta after her fruitless «earoo.-Calcutta Paper. Balmaik Rhuatta.-Tbe committee have decided that th« first &rlze; for the yacht race has been won by the frolic, she having eaten the other boats by 1 minute, 51 seconds. The disputed watermen's mee has to be pnlledover again on Saturday afternoon at three o'clock. Both prizes will bo paid on Monday next, at eight o'clock in the evening, at Mr. Aiton'*, Unity Hall. The G.ilconi'.e, French ship, 800 tons, may be expected shortly, from London, with a cargo, partly from that port nod France. The Wcslcyan Missionary schooner, John Wesley, Captain Rylc, which arrived in this port yesterday, sailed hence on her regular annual voyage, on the 15th of last April, and arrived at Auckland, New Zealand, on the 27th April, where sho took on board the Rev. J. Vcrcoe and lady, for the Friendly Islands, and Reverend Messrs. W. Wilson, and J. 8. Fordham and ladies, for tho Vecgec Islands, together with their outfit« and a large quantity of Mission stores, for both groups. She sailed thonce on the 13th of May, for Tongnta* u, and arrived on the 21st May after u stormy passage, during which Robert Munay, Curpentcr, while going aloft to assist in reeling topsails, fell from the (breton and broke his thigh-bone, and received other serious bruines ;-after a stay of four days, in whl-h the Rev. J. Vercoe and lady nero put down at Hibifo, or the west end of Tonga ; she proceeded to ILtapai, and Vavau, and the outer station of Nicmou (where they witnessed the ruvogeBof the luto volcnuio eruption at that Island) then completing the delivery of stores, and the removal of Rev. R. Amos and family from Tonga to Vavnu ¡ 8ho sailed thence on the 8th July for Fcejee, and arrived at Vcw.a, on the 12th July ; here, Rev. W. Wilson and lady landed, and lit v. J. 8. Foidnitm and lady left, and proceeded hy the schooner Thakoaibau (belong- ing to tho Chief of Bau), to Nandy, their present stations ; and on tho 2lBt July, left Vewau with the Chairman of the district, Rev. R. B Lyth, on hoard, to pay a last visit to the outer station of Rotutrah, prior to his retirement from the Mission Work in Fecjcc; sho touched nt Lakcmbu on the 21ih July, when she an- chored off the N.W. point of tho Isliind ; on the same day, the brig Phantom, of Sydney, in attempting to anchor, carne athwart huwso of the John Weslov, and carried away her martingale, backropo», &u.;, and doing herself fomo little damage, to the quarter davits, &c.; The John Weslov then proceeded to Rotuniali, whoro flin orrived on the 30th July, remained five days, and sailed for Vewa : encountering strong adverse winds and weather, and roiched Ovaluu on the 20th of August ; from here trio ship proceeded to Nnndy and Bun, delivering goof's at both stations, and took Rev. W Motro and family on board at Bua, and proceded to Rewa to re-occupy it us a Ml-slon Station, it having boen abandoned for several year«. She left Ren a on the 8th September for Vewa, Ovaluu, and Lakemba, taking on board the Queen of Rewa and suite, and flr.tilly landin* them at Ltkeinbu, on a visit to the King of Lakemba her íoUtire, on the 28th September ; and remained In this part of the Group till tho Atti Ootober,whon ihollcv. It. B. Lyth and family finally embarked; the John Wesley then «ailed f om the Fti-ndly Islands, and nrrivod nt Vavau on the 11th October, thenco to Iluapni, and Tongutabu, taking in at tho threo places, ii cargo or cocoa nut oil, yam«, &e.;, and sailed for Sidney on the 15th November, experi- encing light, and for Borne few days, unfavourable winds. She brings a few passenger»,. Tho American whaling barque Planter, of Nontuoket, H. Penso, master, was in Port Refuge, Vuvau, coopering oil, &c;, on tho 17th Juno last, 25 months out, 1200 barrels. 