MOORS In A rAI. 3une let. Forgot, I believe, to mention it n Jornal of last year, the following circum Ltance. eing much urged for a sum of money t a m first intention to raise it by an a, iatsw eiher frona the Chronicle or the Time .sils e.tno dc this year from the latter), uu (as m 'ioned the de bt having nd to Bartes, and both being much more ack han enpeeted to come into my terms, ready th _niself it situntion of some delicmac, found mi ert , there being a deadly jealousj between1 was not before aware of) between the (which twaS 1 thought it safer, there. Stwoe .p .esent, to have nothing to do wit fore, for of the pce either of them. relative to Moore's connection srelativ e to ,Moore'~oeto Oth j Timsn a d Mr. Barnes, are as fol , ith the [Times --id - "it "' CO.iECTION wiTi THE TIMES." .ooreaskfasted at Athentim. Called upon 4?s es has promised. Told me that Ga. Sar his msade a volume of the verses that lignani bared in the Times, publishing them all lave-pý,aong the rest, a long straggling og;as i it,1a.tlli (not the *" Ghost of fil ting,,?a little like me or mine as possible. t sai ltoo bad. Meutioned that the King the This coe it message to them (the Times) oth Ki.,erc on, I think, saying that he al throreal I the piper with great pleasure, ee: layu re hoped they would refrain from giv hot bat Iomore details about his private life and hts. Corry and 1) at Sterling's, ono ef-the Dir.t of, antid rirters, the 'times ; rather aprlirI al and afOi'ated nmin but (as I noder o 0resCorry) full of good feeling and kind. aond i"mng the .nests ont of my pretty ness. fiendi'ls (thle esinter of Mr. Henry shuttle cc wapiec} cho is married to Capjtain Light; sat neit her st din-et. Some talk with Sterling about r?es, who, he says, is the " best good about with woretonatured tongue." Never heard msim ek of any one otherwise than deprecia Him t thie next moment after abusing a to wlie iould go any length to serve him. Received a tote fom Barnes esyi.: " :iat the had heard of my having st'ket witii ,isappro lotion of the present tone of the Times noews ari d cautioninýg te, in a friendly wIy; a,,rst the repetition of -ituch language. Speaks anhis "secret intortition" in the same pont pots ao l myaterio?:styl.O as he does in his netsper. Thin s te, rtidiculous. There was hut one man out of ity own set; to whom I spoke. on the subject (a clever, chattering mai, who sometimes forces me into conversation at thd Atheneumi) and this was his " mysterious in formant." Titd him so in my answer, and said that, as to my free spetaking, he must learn to bear it as all my other friends do, and must take the badil with the good that I had been equally spen mouthed to-day in praise of the spirited orticle he had given us, &e.; &o.; Murray's "Handbook for South Italy" is just published, and contains some cu rious stories respecting Fra Rocco, the celebrated Dominican preacher and the spiritual Joe Miller of Naples. On one occasion, it is related, he preached on the mole, a penitential sermon, and in troduced so many illustrations of terror that he soon brought his hearers to their knees. While they were thus showing every sign of contrition, he cried out, "Now all you who sincerely repent of your sins, hold up your hands." Every man in the vast multitude immediately stretched out both his hands. *" Holy Archangel Michael," exclaimed Rocco, "thou who with thine adamantine sword standest at the right of the judgment seat of God, hew me off every hand which has been raised hypocritically." In an instant every hand dropped, and IRocco of course poured forth a fresh torrent of eloquente invective against their sins and their deceit. Lie had a great dislike to tobacco, and when once preaching to a crowd of Spanish sailors he astounded them by telling them tha, there were no Spanish saints in heaven. A few, he said, had been admitted, but they smoked so many cigars that they made the holy virgin sick, and St. Peter set his wits to work to get them out. At length he proclaimed that a bull fight was to be held outside the gate of paradise. Thereupon every Spanish saint, without exception, ran off to see the fight, and St. Peter immediately closed the gate, and took care never to admit another Spaniard. 