THE Moreton Bay Courier. SATURDAY, JUNE 17. DIRECT IMMIGRATION. THE last mail brings no intelligence of ac- tive measures for the purpose of forward- ing emigrants from the United Kingdom to this port. Although the war the principal theme of every tongue and every pen, we yet collect some particulars of emigrant vessels laid on for Australia ; but we look in vain for the name of Moreton Bay. The £40,000 promised by the local Government for immigration to these districts, might as well have remained in the pockets of the land purchasers, for all the prospect that yet appears of its utility to us. In this state of the case, and with the demand for labour increasing daily, we are again forced into serious consideration of the means at our command to supply this ur- gent want. The absence of zealous co- operation amongst enployers of all classes, is deeply to be regretted. At present, the only practical steps we see taken are those arising from the association of some half score or score of persons, to procure the labour needed for their own immediate requirements. This being secured, the thing is abandoned, and those who are still in want must organise a similar paltry and temporary arrangement for themselves- to be followed, after a short interval, by renewed distress. It is this lamentable selfishness and want of identity of purpose, that has left the industrial interests of the Northern districts paralyzed and helpless at this time of great need. But, great as the difficulty is, the case is yet far from hopeless. We do not, however, look for any permanent or sa- tisfactory remedy from the importation of Coolies. That measure, highly inju- rous as it would be to the colony at large as a general and extensive system, can only be tolerated as a temporary expe- dient in a time of very great necessity. In taking this view of the subject, we assume it to be granted that the future settlement of Australia by a population of all classes holding affinity with the Anglo-Saxon race, is an object to be kept steadily in view by all who desire this country to become worthy of its geographical position and natural wealth. By all entertaining this laudable desire, a very great extension of Coolie immigra- tion will be deprecated. It must be evident that our only chance of getting people from Great Britain and Ireland to run the risk of a long sea voyage, ag- gravated by a war in Europe, will arise from our ability to prove to them that they would materially benefit their con- dition by removing to this part of the colony : and if they have reason to expect that they will be placed in competition with considerable numbers of Coolies, hired for long periods and at low wages, any such advantages will certainly not be very clear to them. Now, according to the 5th, 6th, and 9th sections of the "Assisted Immigrants Employment Act," ample provision has been made-as we noticed at the time of that Act becoming law-for the importation of large num- bers of Coolies, Chinamen, or other such persons, under circumstances highly fa- vourable to importers and employers. The two first sections named provide, in point of fact, that artificers, domestic servants, handicraftsmen, mechanics, shepherds, herdsmen, or any other kinds of labourers, whether subjects of her Majesty or of any foreign country, may engage by indenture with any person resident in or about to visit this Colony, for any period not ex- ceeding five years ; and that every person so engaged shall be liable to repay to his or her employer any sum contracted to be so repaid, for whatever object advanced. The 9th section above alluded to, enacts that if any ownor.or master of any ship shall contract in writing, with any emigrant, either from the United King- dom or any foreign country, for his or her conveyance to any port in this colony, and any suoh emigrant shall engage either to pay any portion of his or her passage money, not exceeding £10, with- in six days after his or her arrival, or to execute within the same period, with the concurrence of the Immigration Agent of the colony, an indenture of service for two years, to some competent employer, at such rates of wages as may be agreed upon between the parties, or as the Immigration Agent may deem rea- sonable, and by which the employer en- gage» to pay the amount of such passage money so due from such immigrant, such agreement is to be held binding, and such immigrant, if failing to pay the money in six days, may be bound for two years, with or without his or her con- sent, as is provided for by this Act in the case of Government immigrants. With- out further enlargement upon these provisions, it must be evident that a large Coolie immigration would enable employers to bring down the wages of compulsory labour to such a rate that no British or Irish labourer would ever think of crossing the sea to compete for them. Such an evil as this is to be dreaded and avoided ; and therefore, al- though a s nail number of Indian labour- ers would relieve the existing pressure without necessarily causing the dis- astrous effects alluded to, we are bound to look at all sides of the question, and expose it to our readers in all its appar ent hearings. Returning, then, to our prospect of European labour, we find that a Mr. JOHN- SON, formerly known as an agent between masters and servants in Sydney, is now in England, and solicits employment, on very moderate terms, from all persons re- quiring labour in the Moreton Bay dis- tricts. Some time ago we alluded to this gentleman's proceedings in England, and took occasion to deny his right to assume anything like a public appointment as the Agent for this colony. We hold the same opinion still on that point ; but it does not interfere with his eligibility as an agent for private individuals. It will have been seen, from his letter in our last issue, that he offers his services to select immigrants for Moreton Bay direct, for the extremely modest remu- neration of £100 a year. Surely this offer is well worthy of consideration. Not the least of the errors of our local immigration system, has been that num- bers of the immigrants landed here have come to the country with the intention of joining their relatives in some plaee far distant from Moreton Bay, and have taken advantage of the very first opportunity to leave this district. Nay more, in some cases where residents here had paid in money to the Treasury, under the "Immigration Remittance" Regulations, last revised in January 1854, their relatives or friends, instead of being brought to Moreton Bay direct, as was promised, have been conveyed to another port. The intervention of an active and zealous Agent might certainly tend to correct these evils ; and it will be for our readers to consider how far the offer of Mr. JOHNSON appears worthy of acceptance. One of our labour resources which, under a satisfactory administration of local affairs, would be amongst the most reliable of all, is now rendered unavailable by a most vexatious official custom existing in Sydney, and obstinately adhered to in spite of repeated complaints. According to the Government Regulations of the 8th June, 1852, respecting "Land and Immigration Deposits," persons paying sums of money not less than £5 each into the Colonial Treasury, for the purchase of land, are entitled to have eighty percent. of such money expended in the introduc-- tion of eligible immigrants nominated by them, besides being able to use the receipt for such money in the purchase of land ; provided that such nomination, if in the colony, be made within six months, and if in England within twelve mouths from the date of the deposit. Now, the 7th clause of these Regulations, no doubt intended merely for the efficient working of the whole, has had a precisely contrary effect at Moreton Bay. It is as follows : — Persons availing themselves of the privilege con- ferred by clause 5. [i.e. the privilege of nomina- tion] will be required to forward their deposits re- ceipts with their applications, which are to be made to the Agent for Immigration, in order that their nomination of eaiigrants may be noted thereon. This precaution appears reasonable enough ; but, as we have before repeat- edly pointed out, it inflicts great injury upon depositors at Moreton Bay, who pay in their money, send their Deposit Receipts to Mr. H. H. BROWNE'S office for endorsement, and probably do not get them back in time to pay for land which they purchase in the interim. Through this evil, thousands of pounds sterling are diverted from a channel that might otherwise conduct abundance of suitable labour to these districts. The sale of the waste lands might be made, according to true policy, to contribute to their improvement and increased value, but for this real grievance. We under- stand that another effort is to be made for its removal — with better success, we trust, than has attended our former efforts for that purpose. If this obstacle were removed, and a local officer appointed to make the necssary endorsements on the Deposit Receipts, we should soon be able to import sufficient numbers of mechanics to erect buildings in all eligible places, and otherwise to improve the property of those who invest their capital in the soil. The premiums offered by Government for the introduction of skilled labourers from the continent of Europe, hold out great benefits to improving colonists, and to the country at large. These bounties are only to be payable for such labourers as cannot be obtained in the United Kingdom — for instance, persons skilled in the production of wine, silk, and so forth ; and no payments are to be made unless the immigrant be previously in- spected by a Board appointed by the local Government. Each immigrant introduced under these regulations must be indented to his employer for two years, and for each adult male and each unmarried adult female the employer must pay to the Government in the first instance the sum of £6 10s., and guarantee a further payment of £6 10s., in twelve months after the arrival of the immigrants. The Regulations, which are dated "7th Octo- ber 1853," contain some further provi- sions, of a usinor character ; on the fulfil- ment of which, the following bounties will be paid by the Government : For a married man and his wife, not more than 50 years old.................................... £36 For each child above 14, for whose parents the foregoing bounty is allowed ..............£18 For each child between 1 and 14, for whose parents the said bounty is allowed............£9 These Regulations, we believe, have already been made available for the in- troduction of that excellent class of colonists, labourers from Germany: and we hope to see them yet brought into operation for their legitimate purpose — namely, the raising of new Colonial pro- ducts. It will not be necessary to point out the many such cases in which their provisions might be so made available. We shall not at this time pause to make reference to the Immigration Com- panies now in a state of incubation. We have shown that, notwithstanding all drawbacks, there is sufficieut encourage- ment for energetic men to take the mat- ter in hand, and endeavour to insure a permanent supply of labour. We do not believe it necessary for any more public meetings to assemble for the sole purpose of declaring that "in the opinion of this meeting labour is much wanted," or that "in the opinion of this meeting immigra- tion would do good." We all know this, and "there needs no ghost come from the grave to tell" us of it. We know also, from what has now been shown, that im- migration, to the full extent required, is possible and probable. What is wanted is a steady, earnest, and yet energetic or- ganization — not to supply Messrs. A, B, or C, with what will satisfy their momen- tary wants — not to start new and fanciful schemes upon uncertain foundations — but to provide for the present and future wants of all employers, by a judicious use of the means already placed at our command, and by a determined attack upon all obstacles thrown in the way by mere official ob- stinacy or incapacity. 