DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. A Sample.-Of the horrifying murders by which this colony has again and again been disgraced, and will again and again be disgraced, till the Government li »injected to a proper popular ohcok, and force I to do Its duty in cloarlng out from amongst us the hordos of rumana whom they at prcsont pitroiiisc, a fair «nmplo la offered In tho report of our law PMeodlngs at tho Supreme Court this day. Whon pcoplo n fulun must wanto their " syrapstliy ' upon those tuldeotod to a very «trlngcut but a very noccssary 1 iw, lot tlioji bo asked whothor they fool no "sympathy for Mrs. Marcus, whoso husbard was thus dragged through iho bush, tied to a trco and shot ; for tho friends ot poor Stone, belton, hnlf drowned, and bl uially mur dercd in lnlf a doren ways s na well as for Mra. Dioiv (rofor.-cd to yesterday), wit's a hu band beaten to death, nnd a young «on missing to this hour! "Sympathy!" you canting hypocrites' These oro Uio objeots of real sympathy! Tho maudlin senti, montntlty which you profess Is but Its nilsorab'o countcrlolt ! and In giving utterance to it you become distinctly noccssary to theso diabolical deeds. GOVERNMENT ESCORTS. - The esocrts from Mount Alexander and Ballaarat arrived at tho Gold Offloc Di partaient of Chief Commissioner of Gold FUllt yostor day at tho appointed hoar, and brought tho following returns, viz. : Quantity. Namcof Gold. Cash. Number of Gold-field. ozs. dwts. ii s. last rocelpt. Castlemaine ... 8,M» 0 ... - ... 13,98»» Sandhurst. 6,381 O ... 2Ï3 10 ... »,««. Ballaarat. 2,103 S ... - ... 1,000* itvoea ... ... 1>«« O ... Ut» 0 ... 498» Croawlck's Creek e33 O ... - ... 015» Fryer's Creek's 103 15 ... H 0 ... 1,509« Mount Franklyn 8Ï 1 ... - ... 4M» Tarrengower ... 4M 15 ... MO 0 ... m» Maryborough... 7.88T 0 ... Î29 0 ... !!>!>. Castlemaine ... S3 10 ... - .» «f Maryborough ... SOO O ... - ... 4f Sandhurst. 11 IO ... - ». ., «f Ballaarat. 2.OÎ0 10 ... ¡HO 0 .. ) "ot Creswicks Crcok 1,131 0 ... - ... ?-dvon? Avoca. t>53 0 ... - .» J b 2 Total.31,758 0 ... 2000 10 ? Thcso returns Include all gold and cull deposited for escort up to the 12th lost. Î1 or Go.long. tor Adelaide. Left at Geelong tn rtutt to melbourne. AiTotimsirs Coiviimm) - Hor MnJeity lui bse-t pleased to direct letter» patent to bo passed under tho jubilo seal of the Colony of Vlotorl», appointing fio undermentioned gontlemon to tho off'-ci sec apposite their rnmca respectively, vii -Fieoerck Annand 1'owlett, Ksqulre, Chief Cuinml-sloncrof Crown Lan.Ii, William Henrj Wright, Inquire, Cnlef Cominlsiloaor of the Gold held«, John 1 rice, E q iltc, Inspecto - Gocoral of Ponai Establlshrr ellis an! Hilks. Aiioi-rriisxT.-Tho I leutonant-Govrnor has bean ] li used to appoint Thompson G Arn.i'd, Luinirc, ta ha nMni.l.'rato for the Coloi y of Vlolo-In An iMimfrs-The Lieutenant U iv rnor lias 1)301 plcoicd to maha tho following appointment», viz - Ililli]) Dixon Hall Hard/, Lsqulro tob P'llcoMa 1,1» rato at Carltbronk ¡ Thompion G Arnold, bsqulra, to Lo I'ul to Magistrate ut Hea hcote, ric- 1*. I). II. Bardy, L'qulre. Tin 1 nautili El's DILL. -The coramlttco of tho Tradesmen » Dall hive odVirtlsidan invl'-a Ion to all perstn» desirous to attend to uaki oath apgl cations for tliketi, so that some idea may bo formtdai to tho roam likely tobo required Alriai) arrangement» have bun crlumocccd for tlio extension of tho Crltci Ion Itali, so as to edi greatly to its »pace and accommodation, and remove all apprehension as to any Incoiiv cnlcnco arli lug frnn want of room As tho number of tlek»ti iMinblo must necessarily be limited, It It well to bear lu mind that applications for tickets will not bo received after Monday nett THE FAREHOLD HOUSE SOECIETY. -In our last we give a sketch of the proceedings which took place at the fete champetre of this society at their estate at Darabin- on Creek. A» supplementary to th-t no ko wo noir mestloti tome further particulars whlthv c theil ouait ed At the conclusion of the feto the follo-v ng resolution was proposed b> Mr ltyloy and set ndtd by Mr. Chaitnacy - "That tho thanks of the freeholders of the Hnrobln estate ard of the oilier shareholders of Hill aoilety now present, are deservedly duo and aro horcby especially tendered to W S Woolcott, esq.,tho man- naging director, and generally to the board of directors, for the ability bo and they hnvo dlip'a) "d In form jug this society, and also for tho energy dl'pla)cd by tho manager in, so soon after i ti formation, bringing Mitti a large aid rnluib o property Into the po«sci>ion ol Hi j »li iroholders. ' TI 1« interesting sec cty was st-rtcd on tho id July last On tho 4th of August tho ilireotorj purchased the Darebin estate by i ilvato contract, nt a coil fir below what It would bo purcljuoil for at Government auotlon. Adjolnlt g sootloi-s aro telling at prices varying accord li g to priltton, at from £50 to £¿00 per nore 1 he land ccnslats otnboutOiO acres, ard Is divided Intan township willi »trccts, sixty- six feet wide It has tlino IrontaTes to Government roads, 1 be purchase money of the 0 teto-*aj£l3,G41 and tho allot n uti«ero distributed to the members by balbi on Snturdav Int. Thoooit of la) log out the lan 1 and incidental c-r-cn- cs nmonn'eJ to about £034, making a total cost wncii distributed ta aharcho'dcrs £14,170 Tho lind It d vi Hil Into Isa allotments, nveraglug three acres and n h f each, at tho aw rai. o cost if ¿05 per allotment, or £¿7 pu-«ero. Thus the soiiety has parcha-cd and illalrib Heil to Its member» an tntlro mellon of lard, two i dies In extent, within the thort tpaco of tlvo twciks \V « 11 dentand that tho loclet) Intend» i nrchaslng largcl) at tho next Government sale on the -¡MU li it Two dlou TOA BTOHY-Mnry M'Gnnn imunonol Ellia Loverly, of Sprlngtleld, to tho DUtrlct 1' nice Court yostirua), on a charge of assault Ml sM'lliw belig put in'o the wltncts box, gate tho )ar'iciila-j of a terrible bodily att.0« inndo upon her ty Mn. Loverty, who wa» hor tails ross, with mt nnv cane whatovcr, exoepUhat»ho (Mis.Ma \ ) had ox< resilla w all to liavo t io home, nt her luoJist) wav o'fin led ly certain doings lhere. Hor bouct v, oro alni nt broken to piceos by the ferocious Mon « of Mrs Lev-rty 'Hie letter, htilng called on f r lur rtcf mc, prodâc-d soveral witnesses who grvo ivldcrcc at to thu ooi i. plalnant bitng gull'y nf »uih elia nilcis lot duet In Iii» house, tlint her mistreat, ni a respectabla woman, wai obliged lo turn lur off, which silo did, viltbc it howiv r using personal violence Hie cato was llicretoi o dil missed SANimrrasT IJVD.SILFS.-With refi reres to tho ne id Ing Crown land suies at Hu dhur ', Ile dl|,o 0 oak, notice it given that tho said sales lilli bo luid at the Gilberton Hotel, Sandhurst. Coujiib'iotpus ci mu taurnrviB Coi nr vm OtfVtt »UM o»* Mitoss -The following list of npp Intnieaii, b) their Honors tho Judges rf the Hill ram Court nt the Colony of Victoria, Is published for gen*ral Infor- mation -Cotnmlisloncr» lor takiiguflllavlts-Buoe land l.M.M'Cuilri*,, colona of \ietoria (excepting the c1!) of Melbourno and tonn ot Uiclong), band hurst William Augustine lloclio, co'ony of \lc'o I» Íexcepting the clt) of Mill) urna and to» a of Geelong) 'iltiacd James HIsli, cul nyoi Victoria (owe.i Ing the city of Melbourne and town of Gool mi,) Cal lo maine i Charle» Vrcndcrgost Hackett, cslcny of Vic torla (cxcoptlng the clt) of Melbou ne and town of Gee long) Cotnnilsïloiicr» for taking Aoknovv lodgments under tho "legist*) Act.-Salo (Gins' Land) Itobjrt Thompson, colon) of Vlotorla (ivetptlig tho city ol Welbourne). Auckland i. V. M'uilloU., oo'ony ot Victoria (i\cot ling the elly of MrUourn rmt tuw i ot (iCclong). l'ortlaud James Blair, colony of Muirla (excepting tho city of Iblbour o mil tri II ol Go* long) Oastlcmalni ChsrUsl'render'astilJil eu,colon., of Mctovla (cxceptlrg tho eil) ot MULi urn» ni Town of Geelong. Elephant liri 1 e Jamus I'rciloi gait, colony of Victor!» (esca.llng tho Cll) of 'lol bourno nul Town of Qrolon*) O »lilians to coiiaat ta tho Narrien of Mino s un e. 2 V letor », î o u - Gcclorg William Henri llonsej. Alberton J in Le Merchant Carey. Balo Charles J. I. i'i K11 u i-o Wrlothesloy HaptM Noel. Wangaratta! Ucirro Mit chill Ilntpcr, liallaarat John Hawes. SudhiMW Joieph Anderson l'an on llcVlicito Phil li lil KO i Hall Hardy. ( astleinalao Charlo! l'nudcigaat II iikatt l'ortlnnd .1 tuies lllalr MAN AND WIFE Yeitonlaj JnhnHtv »nds,cfIlrlgVon, appeared hillbro the Dla'nt l'ollco Courl, nt Iho 11 «tanoo of lils wife Hannah, av ii rut d that he hal Hirentenel to sot flro to the homo, nu 1 had turned hor nut ot doors lloth parties ontcied vor) v ilul i) Intj n detailed n count of their llttlo rqmbblo 1 hey hal lociirrairKil twenty two aears. Iho nvi"l»Uat) tiid thrni It wiulil Into boon mtioh bettet If tie nattei hal been »(Wet v 1 bout hiving bien brought Into tint court Ho bound over tho ilefondant In £-5 to 1 e*p th . 1 caco 'or »1 months, and adv lud tito ¡ urtu» ti 1,0 lioa.* togollor and mnke It up On this John cilcdoit "(ono nlong," ani'd tho nirlauiu of Um s] tunton. Hannah nt lint iloiniiired, but ulilm-tolj they left the couittofithcr nppa-oi ti) qnltoncoi illcd HiiiimisT Linn Sin ,5T« (J toiiu, IM I-With rebrinco lo a »alo 1 f crrtulu down l.udi to bo bel I at i* uuliurtt on JStli Oolob r, notice I» he ob) t,lvou that the ttttot nrloo of lot 4t lint been lived nt i, is 101 sore, mid taat tho Improvetncuts upon it liavu I vii vuluol nt X'O, vclilch amount I« to Le nddul to tho tal I ui tot nrleo, Hepburn Land Sale 0» 17m OoiaA, IHJ,_ Vlllirolorutico to a i«lo of cert vin Clown l-l Ja, to bl hdd at Hoi hum, Bprlng Creek, 011 lilli Ottobir. nrlco li given that loti J7,2»,.J, nuil so have b 01 vthlnvrn from tho laid salo, I lio land being rcnulrjl io* church nun o'es. Su two BiiiiiTiocs Imuon ON ScNnvr-tloorg* Milvlllc, of tho Im arness Hotel, «ern lite» tink, was J. lill, 1 -l , » utabiaum» lil mat utignuniiiDou. 11,10 1 hfne/crUoIhard,McrvvntofMr Groin, btlng sent by lil» inssttr on lomo Luilnei» to tho Ina crmiii Hotel, look illnnoi there, and called for stveralnobbku lor hlmielf »ml a friend residing In tho li auto, and also csirl'd lomo liquor nway willi liltn. He wa a stranger to the pooplo of tho hotel. Oil hit calima; for tho lljuor, tho laudlitd) reumrkol that as he wai a tiavellor he should Ino It ruo i*lotidantwa« «ned,«!, with lot coils Hero tho defendant remarked that on am King lur hit Moonie at tlltborno, li« had been distinctly lufuimcd by tit» ¡u norltlei there that he was to lupply travellers with 1 imor on Stiuday. Mr. l'tloo, tho sitting tiiaglitrsto, ?aU (hat whatoiof opinion people might lnvo at to lu propriety of Ho law, Us provision! »oro iwtfoolly «liar, and It tllitlcotly laid down Unit ni Munday« 1 tbllosni aro to lupply liquor to nono but owinjt li « ((¡Mi, »odto thtm tuly attunl-Uwii. CoiiiKowooo Tomo Mm"» CSTSISTUK AsaoouTioav lut Thursday evening this society mot sa usual, ai Wr. Hloherd nil!« delivered an essay, on thoDlvli Authority of the Soripture«. There was a very Cam rous attendance of assoolates end the public. Ia ti absence of Uio President, Thornes Gardiner, Eso., w, called to Uie ohalr.' The essayist went vory fully In the historical evidence of the Scripture«, that the write were creditable, men of virtuous character, dill terestcd, and their stories were clrciimslanUal. He th; dwelt on tho Internal evidences, the harmony of ti revelation, and tho purity and happlnosi arlilc from receiving thom, and the dlflleultlei arising froi rejeotlng tho Scriptures. He concluded a very ab essay, by lamontlng tho neglect given to tho Sjrli tur«. - Ho would, fer his own part. Uko »co the young men of Victoria riad and »tud »he Bible In all its.purity more, and revcrene tiuman "erocdi and priestly dogmas less.-Mi Morton reviewed the essay with conisderable severity, marking out soloclsms and improprieties of sty! and »peoehs but the critic In his turn pot lèverai liindled by his brother associate! for his hypororiUoi spirit and his own misconstructions.-Mr. Phipi» thought tho Inspirations of the Old and Now TosteuMOl vrero of a widely different natare. Ho oould not aoi for instance, that tho 10»th Plata, whoroln David s bllterly cursed his temporal enemies, and hops there would be nono to give bread to their fathorles ihlldron, oould bo of the «arno Inspiration and lnflatu ai the forgiving temper of the Saviour, who ha taught us to cxpeot mercy and pardon Just In th same ratio and mcaiuro a» we extended it to other; Be »l«o believed many books In the Apocrypha were . worthy to be noelved into the Old Tostsmont al thos that now constituted thit, book ; their gcnulnenei reitcd on equal wolghtyevldwoot their morality was a pure, and ho bolloved thoy had equally Uio Dlvln authority.-Mr. 0. Watt highly culoglsod tho Ice ture. Ile woald like to ace It printed and circulated, am defended It from tho criticism it had mot wlth. Mr. Willan, in a very able «peech, dofended tho Inspira lion and authority of the Scriptures. One thing, how evor, had boon dwolt upon moro than tho Dlvln authority of Uio Soripture«,-that was, tho truth o Christianity. A« rogardlog the 100th Psalm, he dil not r»gnrd that as David monly speaking in rorengefu language, cursing his enemies, as «pcaklog in th spirit of prophecy. Other crimes had bcon punish« with the utmost «ovorlty of doath undor th old Mosaic law, when cemmltted by the people but «Imitar offences had boon pardoned to David because thoro was in those days acknowledged what w< now happily know nothing of, vii., tho Divine autho rlty of kings.-The President and Mr. Elliott also ad dressed the meollng In able speeches, and it broke u| about ion o'clock, several new members being admlttei or proposed. If these societies havo no other tendeao] for good, at least they set young men thinking, ant render them able and willing to giro a ready ant rational reason for the hopo that dwells lu them. Furious Riding.-Yesterday at the District Polio Court, James Millar and John Frlnco wore each ti se. JêB, or ono month's Imprisonment, for furiously rlilln. on tho high road at Richmond. The defendants wen elevated with liquor at the timo, and stopped their gal loping only on ono of thom tumbling off hli;horso. t MsuomusK LAXD SALB or 26ra SirrEHnr.n, 1851. [ With referonce to a talo of certain Crown lands, to bl held at Molbourne on 28th Soptembtr, notice Is giver that Country Lot 14 (being allotment 0 of oeotion 3 i parish of Korkuperrimul,) It withdrawn from laic | talc and resorted. I SiSAana.-We understand that (shearing operation] have already commenced In thl« district. On Mr i liaison's station, Glenelg, the flocks are now undor th< I »bean-J'artlanâ OmtrtHan. NATSOXAI. SCHOOL BamciwArsR.-The Inspector o \- National Schools, while her» for the purpose of eitab llshlng a school In Portland, was applied to by the lu. habitant» of Bridgewater In behalf of a similar estab- lishment there : and wo arc happy to lay proceedlagi ' have been already commanceil for the founding of a National School at Bridgewater.-Vurtlami Ouar i «fio». Lost in the bush.-(Te tho Editor of tho rantin I Cuardim.) Mount Gambier, September 8th, 1854. EcarBlr,-I forward abrief account of a mostmiroci. lou» escapo from " death in the bush." It would be im. possible for me to describe th» mixed feelings of grati- tude andjoy I foti.-O. NrjaxsT.-" Whllo exploring In the Immediate neighborhood of Mount Gambier, I lost my way In the bush, where I wandcrid four days and throe nights without food, and without clothing, with the exception of thole I had on. I had no person with me-my black man, without aj ksowlodge, hiving Joined a party on their way to Uio ' during,' thinking that I could lind tho next station, only live nillo i from me, I iel out In leerch of It, md having basa overtaken by night without ilndlug it. waa compelled to make a fire, fortunately having matches with me, anl sit on a log all night, tito rain, with fow and far Inter- missions, desosnalng the whole time. Patiently await Jag daybreak, willoh at last «ppenred, I started again Ia search of a station, but.with no better success. Feeling cold, wet, and hungry, I was unable to hold out very long ; so about throe o'clock came to a halt, lit a Uro, made a bed of boughs, bark, and grasses opposite the Ure, which, large ss It was, ws« seaiccly sufficient to keep the eldo next to It dry. I slept soundly, only dis- turb«! by showers of hall which fell frequently during the night. Again at break of day 1 commenced looking for a station, and at tho close of it found myself »till "bushed," and much weaker. Up to this time I felt very roenly the want of food, but now a different feeling began to ahow Itself, partaking of delirium. Io this atato of mind I again came to a halt In a hollow tree, which I made compara- tively comfortable, and Ut ray fir» opposite It, wh ire I slept warm and dry. Tu» next day being the fourth, I had scarcely powar to walk more than thr:o or four miles, and very «almly and deliberately resign, leg myself to Him who "Isa present help taman In time of trouble," I arranged some Instruments anl notes I had with me, hung them up In the tree over mt, pni my stick, on which was my hat, near the path, close lo which was ray expected grav«. Inthlt framsof mind, wblah wat th« nverae of unhappy, I lay durn and tlipt an hour, whan a black man, mountel on a bora», veryioneipsctodly mido hi« appearance, an! saved me from death,-w« looking at caeia other with rurprlie, but with wid«iy-diff:rcut feeling«, he with vrondor at seeing a white man lost la the bush. Blieks cannot Imagino it possible that such a thing could bs. 1 with gratitude having mounted his horse, ho led ma to Mr. Meredith's station, for which place I started four days previously. Mr. Soolt, la trie abieno» of Mr. Meredith, acquitted himself in a most kind a ii truly hoapltablo manner, which, together with tho ltlndacn of Mr. M'Callum and family, to whom I am alto deeply Indebted, enabled me once moro ti rcsutn s my exploring tours, and to write this as a token of graUtudo to a motclful Providence for His most uaex ricted delivery.-G.Neciarr '. Drunkedness.'-The follewlog rersom were broughtup at the City Court en Thursday, charged with ' drunken- ness, and wero dealt with In the usual tuanier:-John Alobinton, James M'Coy, Edward Drookes, Willi sm White,Michael Ca!dw«ll, Mary Brod'o, William Brodie, MaUIda Scott, John StMk, John QaUey, Mary Sullivan, Ellen Drewry, Elisabeth Levitt, Hannah Wright, Ephraim Heokpennill, James Deckler, John Balley, rtobert M Kellin, William Mason, William Ollfoyle. William M-Cloyde, and John Kendoll. BoifAWAr CsiSAMOi- Ahono and Aphat, native« of the Floirory Land, wore brought u,i at the City Couri cn Thursday, ohnrgod with running away from tho ship Louisa Baillie. Captain Sparke, who gavo tlicui In charge, did not appaar. The catt wat therefore dis- missed. CiiAiionJ AOAissT Dniurw.-James Johnstone was brought up at Uie City Court on Thursday charged with leaving his bullockdriy unprotected In tho atice'., aid tras lined 90s.-Thomas Connor, for hailngno name or cumber on lill dray, was cautioned and discharged. Orruoas wrru lloisus.-Donald MTheriun wa» brought up the City Court on Tliurilay, charged with being drunk and riding In a furious manner throjjn WUllam-ttrs»t, and was fined £5, or In default one month'« '.Imprisonment.-John Wells, for being drunk i and incapable of taking care of his horre, wai fined JOi. Lunacy. -A charge of lunacy vu preferred against one George Prew, it the City Court on 'I huttday, lie ! defendcdhimself, however, ia a ilralghtfjrward manne.'. I end wat dliahargcd. Citiiaa oi areimta.-On Wednesday mornlnj a pookotbook, containing one ti note, nno £1 note, and simongst other papers, a piwntle kot for a watch, was lost by a min named Wellard Fioldlng, while he was lu the nuctlon-room of Messrs. Johnson, Colllni-itrost, and was supposed by htm to have been stolen. Tho pawntlckot was offered at the pawnbroker's In the course of the day, and as in'brmatl' n lind been re- ceived, the party offering It, one üeorgo Johnstone, WAS niven Into custody. He was brought up at tho City Court, and remanded «ntll Friday. DuonuaiLT CuAiicriis,-John Slade wes brought op al the City Court on Thursday, charged »Ith being drunk and breaking a pane of giaisjaud wo» fined 201, cn bli promising to pay for Uie Jamase done.-Phillp Neal, for obstructing tb» police In the execution of tholr duty, was lined 20s.-William Jones, charge! with being drunk and lying In the luck yard of a boat« In Elliabotli-stroot, was fined 20«. awl oautioaoi - ïtobert Lyon» and Bernard Naltrcahy, for being druak and fighting In the street, wire fined 40s. each.-James JUIlly wai charged with being drunk lud creating a sliiturbanoo Id the Frleod.lu-Uaud Unte!. No ont ap. Tieorcd agslnst him ou the latter clitrge, uud ho WAS tlntd 20s. for Arnnheuneii. A Tuoaouait VAOADOXD.-Henry Jackson, oJI« tiarri, »cn, a noted young thief, who hld boen recently lui. prisoned for horic-steillng, was brought up at tho City «Uourt onThuridiy charged with vegrauoy. Un Woducl. day night, at about eleven o'clock, Detective Williams, In company with anuther ottlccr, law tho prisoner knock a man down with a blow from a llfo.prcscivnr. He took bim Into custody, and found that the man ho hld »truck waa ona or lil« own companions, with whom he liad quarrelled. The character given bim by the detoc. five Induced the Bondi to load ulm to prison tor three mouths ai a vagrant, BtttDir Taunto. - Frederick nelso and Charlot Dalnes,'publicans,wera, alUie City Court on Thursday, lined »(is, each for Ulli offen». Similar charge« against James Mooney and Charl»« Ulina were not lubttanU. nted. SosriciooaCisoujnrrAXo«.-James Wilson wat brought up at Ute City Court on Thursday, and required to give an aooonnt of himself. He hail been sotloed by a jiollooman to take a gua out of a heap of rubbish, near Hie Prlnoo'» Bridge, which, whin examined, wat found to bl loaded. It appeared thal ho hid Inca oat «lucfciliootlng Uti previous night, and had left hi» gua sviier« ho was leen,to .take It from. The man ap. pcared to be a respectable character, and wit discharge J. ItonnMvr AT TS» AUIIUK UOTSL.-On Monday lait a person named William Montgomery called at the Albion Hotel, and appearing to be »uduMUy taken 111, »tai allowed to go Into oue of the upper rootai. II« thorUy afterwards left tho house, when It wai fjuud that, not conical with admission Into one room, lie had entered tom» balf.a-dotin, optnei towoi and drawori. and rifled thom of their contents. Information wes given lo Hie polk», and Montgomery was captured In a boardlug.uouii at Sandridge ai lil was preparing to leavo by a bl» for Bydney. He wa« brought up at the City Court on 'Thursday, when tlielbllowluggoodiwhloh hid boonfouad In hit possesslou were IdouUuod by somi of tho bosnien nt uio Albion i-A pookotbook, thrie billi of «xohsare. »lx gold «tudi, two gold ringi, oue bunch of keys, a gol! toothpick, aoork«crow, Jtc, The ptUouer wa» roinînd. cd unUl Ulli day. Tim CoRronATioN Aotm.-On Thursday night, as Mr. Morgan, of Bwantton-itroot, was returnlog home to Ida rctldooeeln Itlohmond, the evening being remarkably dark, hoitcppsd luto one of the deop cuttings loft, by u& ^'^.'"»»'"'"^'"»'""?»."^»hdMforlunately liroko his leg,'«ad lay for nearly two hour» la «the sjr«»teit agony Infor» mtdloal aulsUuco oould be pro. ÏA xî'î, "u" U,?n «M'V* to Mr. ClIloMit »oyal Mall, Bivauston.itreot, «hore ho now Uti la i jery precarious list», undor the treatment of Dit. Un. «veil ana kmbllog. Legal proctcdlngi, wo uuüorttinJ. llgeuoo In not guarding tuoh dangerous culveits by .lihir light or rall, thereby «SB tuium * ! »*y rtMtBgcri OB Utat w»d, ""M0'snm* ""uT w £;,o"\ Tn» WIDOWS O? TOB War.-A sormon 1» announced for the nth lntt.,at St. Franotf Cathedral, by Dr. Murphy, the noman Cathollo Bishop, from Adelaide, in aid of tho «widows end orphans of soldi«» »ydsaUor« who may fall In tho war with Huilla." . If,'h'«J« '?*.»«.. ed as a contribution to what ha« boon oallod the " rsllof lund," It 1» as well to point out tho orror Into whloh the Bight Bovorend Divino ha« fallen, otpeclally sith» lame imprestlon provalls amongst vory many people. Tho fund In course of oollootlou la not intended for the relier of the widows or the soldier» or sailors who may bl killed in courso of tho war ¡ It Is a oonlrlbutloH towardi tho support of tho wives and famlllos of soldiers who have, by obeying the oall« of duty, loa them destitute There li a oonfUilon in tile public mind, between wives and families and widows and orphans, which ought to bo removed. ... ,, ,-, PnssnvTHatAN Cmmcn.-By an advertlioment In this tournai w« observo that tho Kov. J. 11. Laughton, Mo- derator of tho Synod of Australia, will proaolt in tho Scots' Chnrch (tho Hov. Mr. Hetherington'»), Collins, street, to-morrow, at clcvon o'clook a.m.. Mioii»TU.-Mrs. rorrost reid this tragedy last night to a lomowhat scanty audlonoo. This lady hat not, rerhnps, tho case and sclf-po'iosslon which only tho habit of appearing boforo a goncral audlono» can glvo, »ni may therefore havo dono herself Inluttlco. Tho cITcctlvo reading of such master- piece» of pootry Is tho sort of cntortaluuieut molt calculated, in our opinion, to foitor lltorary tastet In tho population of Molbourno, and wo trutt that many opportunities will b« afforded to. them of suoit QusKrfs TirBiTjK.-Wo aro glad to find Siiakeipoaro getting Into favar in Molbourno. llosldos Mrs. For- rest's readings of the Immortal bird, at tho Mcohanloi Instltut'on, two of tho noblott of his tragedies havo been represented on tho boards of our theatre. Hainlot was played on Thursday. Tho porformanoo of last night was Hlohard tho Third, and Mr. C. Wardo, who played tho Crookbaokod tyrant, was loudly ap. plaudod by a numerous audlonoo. The lovo scone be tweon him and tho Lady Anne (Mrs. Young), wai worthy of onooinliim on the part of both porformors ; »nil Mr», llydcj, who played tho Prince of Wales, delivered hor brlof ghost speech with a tono nnd domcaoour most appropriate. As a second representa- tion of this play may bo exported, It will not bo out of placo to romark that somowbat les» ofonorgy In Mr. Wnrde's dollncatlon of D10 passion» that agitated tho »tul of Wollard, would bo a decided Improvement. .' DisWNr LoCALtnus."-Having received various In- timation» that tho good pcoplo of Goolong would b» glad of tho opportunity ot posting copies of tho Argus containing Bigllahsummaries, wo lntortodnnotlca to the effect that wo had rando arrangements accordingly. Tho wording of this notice has been commented upan lu n mo»! unfriendly spirit, by a fow of tinto sinnll-soul», who find n sort of mean satisfaction in snarling (it anything which they cannot rosily Injure And what was Intended as a convcnlcuoa to the people of Geelong 'has boen distorted Into a sort of affront, In to Important a plaos being olasscd with other » distant localities." We «retold that tho Aram is only now Unding out tho exlstenco of such a town, and Unit the freshncts of .the impression Iscxhlbitod In til) ti mi» applied to It. For this sort of nonteuio wo oaro llltlo enough; but, as Involving n degrco of cress Ingnatltudo to a gentleman to whom Geelong It deeply Indebted, It deserves a notice, avlth which we should not othar . .._ve dignified It. So far frrm tho Ar/xt __.lng been till latoly Ignorant of tho oxlitonoo of Geelong, we beg to say that several year« ago, and leioro two-third» of tho present Inhabitants of Geelong 1 ver «aw that town, wo sent down a gentleman to agc ni our correspondent there ; that from that day to till», tho gent'oman In question lias stnek steadfaitly at lils jutt, Uirotfjli all trio ups and downs of tho colony, and nil tho various orties of the gold discovery ; that day by day ho has watched over tho Interests of Geelong and Its vicinity, exposing the r cii'ect» to which It has boen subjeoted, endeavoring to ' nfr.rm II» abuse», and, In the true .fryui 'spirit of In I depanderco, »Itliont fear or favor to any man, laboring . to secure tho highest amount of prosperity and happi- ness for Uie poople for whom ho worked. In doing ' this, euergetloilly and faithfully, day by day for Jean, through the columns of tho prlnolpsl oum.al In the Australian colonie;, our cirro. 1 «pondent liai rendered greater services to Geelong than any man In Australia. And, although pooplo aro quito nt liberty to «ay whatever their »ballow nialovoleno» rmydlotatoncalnitUio ytryi/i itself, aro will not listen ¡ to the depreciation of Iho service! of one of the mott faithful and useful of our militants, without stating plainly our own convlotlons of tho »ervine» which ha has rendered to the community by which he li surrounded. Foiictnr.-George Wilton, romanded from tho pre. vloui day on a charrro of forging n namo to a reference, by which means he obtained a weeks bos rd and lodging waibroughtuponTliiirtdaynt thot'liy Court for ftir ' ther exn- nlnatlon. The prlioner called at the Kerry 1 Hotel, King-ttrecl. on Uie lit lost., stating Hint he wat In the cmrlny of Mr. Thoa. Wlilttokor, of Minclng-lane, and cnqulrellf tho landlord, M'Carthy.would allowhltn to board ami loJi'o In hi» houso without paying in ad- vance If he brought n note from hit employer gn»ran. trtlng tho amount. This was agroed to, ar.d be shortly afterwards ntumed with a note to that effect, whloh wat pr-Kluccd lu o-rirt. At the end of n wcok, Mr. M'Carthy railed on Mr. Whittaker with tho document, and found that It was a forgery. Ho ohtnlnod th) asilslar.ee of a constable, who compelled the prlsono: to change lils lodglogs far olivers not nearly so satis- factory. Ho wat committed for trial. H.-iuiiumK - A publio meeting of tho Inhabitant! of Sandridge, numerously attended, wai held on Monday evening last, at tho Chutan Hotel, b) contlder what lwaiurci should Le adopted with référença to the rates imposed on them by the Corporation of tho City of Mi-lbnuriia, when resolutions were unanimously adopted expulsivo rf the discontent of tho i: habitants at tho asiessment and rate», anda deputation was oloetcd to wait on tho gentlemen composing the committee at r.nicrahl Hill, Inviting their oo-operation, and offering that cf tho people of Sandridge for the oemnon purpose 1 «f setting atlJo the atsenmrnt and lovy of r.itciordercd by U10 Corporation of Melbourne. A committee wal I alto nppalnlc 1 to draw up a memorial, representing tho ' icnUmiut» of the Inhabitants, to bo presented to the I Mayor and ('©rpor-itlon of the city of Melb tirno, pray- ing that 'ho am lament and collection of ratos should le set nshle, and expressing the reasons therefor. Ern'.Tai ty INTIVU-XIUMCI:-ATTKi'tTsu BtnciOK - A man who said his name is Sharp, a native of Preston, 1 lu Laneashlro, entered a cottago on Hmerald Hill ou Thursday niotnlpglna veryexcitodstate,and selilnga kiilfowUulraijilylng upon the tabie.and findlnglt rallier blmje-TrocMdeJ to the water barrel, on tho hoop of which he sharpened it, and after trying its edge upon hit html, deliberately, and willi great determination, cutlils throat. The wound, wli'ch was large lu extent, 1 aid eprarently very deep, bled most profusely; but t>nunattly Dr. Patterson, of St. Kilda,wai passing at the moment, and with much consideration and prompt« rrj», rendetedhlt professional ntslitance, and succeeded In tecurlng Iho bleeding vciael« and saving U10 unfir tutato man's life. We understand tlia wiuml Is of a mest strions nature, and would have beon necessarily fetal In a very thort time, hail not surgical aid boen immediately afforded. The doctor placed the unfortu- nate man In the charge of a police officer, willi strict Jrjnnollcni to havo him conveyed to tho hospital with »1 little delay as voi'lble. Ho was evidently tufT«rln,r ..'rom tho HIccW of n lengthened debauch, and, »batt «ed In mind as well as body, required tho soothing iutluetic« of a well conducted charllablo Institution. Tit» IsfttruTisit Oiutra ey rn* BAXOX I'AUIUKS. Suth was the tubjoat of a leoture delivered by Dr. Mil- ton, on Thursday evening, in the'liall of tho Mcchanlo!* Jiiititiillon. lliolooturor commoncol very appropri- ately by remarking upon tho startlliu- naturo of iho ) ropotlllon, nf vlilnli ho ave» about to udiuoo proof. It vas olio a moil liii«-evtliig subjeot. The «yes of til» woild were on l'.vleitlno: it wa» notConstanllnoplo or Bt. Polerthurg,' It wa» Joruialcm Ui.at was deatlnod to be the focal point In the earful cantott now going 01. Tlie doctor then alluded to tho »election of tho Jews rut Ond's proallar peoplo. dwelling upon tho attributes of the Almighty, and glancing at projcstlnatlon, tho pro Trrnicdoof tiwi) lug history, and «jmo oUior toploi. The promise» in lo to Abraham, Itano, and Jacob wera related and oounnentod upon at some length, und th» idenUty oftlto Jeirlah and Saxon raoes nero somehow deduced from these promises. As far na we could com iltlior.it Iho argument, It was to the tiree'., that at tho rromlici made to these patriarch!, that their descend- ants wero to bo on Innumerable multitude, Indeed a inultlpllolly rf mllons, and wero to lo pnssotsel of great power, had not bson fulfilled In the eua of tho people now called Jews, It followed that :ho Faxon ra:c, who are now au numerous over tho earth and so power, fal, must bo those very deicendantas and, furthermore, that, a» the Sa ton» nnd the present Jora aru not known as the samo poople, Uie Saxons -mint bo nnolhtr tot of .'ewe-lu fact, the descendants of tho lost ton tribal of Ii rael. Tho routo of thrao trlbet at the captlv'ty »as tweed by the dootor from Scripture, throuih Aaayrls and Medea, lo somewbero near tho C.asplati,and then Sharon Turncrwasquoled to ihow that iho Saxons originally carno from that very quarter. Tho namoi at«o of the Northern and Jcwlth nations led lo tho »arno conclusion. Tim» the Oetao or Goth» wero evidently thpsamoasthstltddltnof pi I. Tim promise» made to tho Hebrew Patriarchs wero In process or 'ulfllmont by the 8»xoni. Jo:oph being a fruitful bough, and Jacob 1 -lug a »unnlanter, r-nd Jcvlturuii wa\lug fit, wero noa- bolng fulilllcd by tbu oolonlint'ou of Ainorle» and Australia, tho supplanting of thoNirlli American savage, ami tiio Autt.allan »boil¡.lncs1iy tho l'.iitllsh, au 1 ih« po»er a:.d grandeur to which tlio Anglo-Saton nations luve attained. It wat sliotui tit t the prciont Jen» mutt bo but 11 small portion «if tho dJicemlantj of Abraham ; for I: win a liltlorlcil act that largo number« of tho Israelite« In forinor times btcam» Intermingled »Hit the neigh, borli'g nitlnni.jaiid Hist .many of them becatuo Olirlt »ians, anl tho detcendaul» of such wero not now known at Jeivi. Why should tint tho Saxons be among thote doicon'laiitt * The mull of tho proaont war In Uuropo would ho, In tin opinion of the doctor, tho ristoraUon of the .low» (both thote now known ni Jews and thoio olhtr Je «» ulled Masoni) to Iho Holy. Land. In a poem In blank vtrt», written ty bim »orno years ago, S.n<1 W I*1* " A v,lco *° Ul« Quoon," ho lud called upan lier Mijiuly to lend her aid In rettorlng tho Jew» to the Hu.y 1,11ml. That book hail boen In Queen Vic torla's hand». How far It had Influenced her It vrai not for him to tay 1 but It wat no undoubted fact that aho was now doing what he lind called upon hoc to do several years »go. Tho doctor concluded by appealing to the llbjrallty of Iho audlotioo. nut the audience aval so very »mall that wo fear nollhor the Bdnilttlon.fie« on euterlngnor the " froo-wlll oirorlng," f " !«', w;>> «uppoied to be made on going out, willina, terlally benefit any ofUio threo objects to willoh the proceed« of fw^evenlngwero to bo devoted, namely, the rillefoftheiiifretliigjew» In Pilottlno, llio extension of tvaugolliatlon, mid tho caul« of Tonuieranco In Mel bourno. flio procnodlng« terminated by a voto of thank« to Uie doctor. IKHutmiilUuia.-TIt« »pring mtotlng at llendlgo It nunounccd for tho suit October. OrrriiMXa MOMÍV Bsnt« I'jtuis PntrRNoa.-t.-Tlionni Si . ?r'.i1"PrÄ,lr»n! *a» jotterday oonnnllted at tho UUtrlot Peile« (Jonrt to tako lils Ulai on tbl» ohargo. .Tho prisoner had purchased liquor from ono James H.arlley, a oinvnuer for order« for wlno and «plrlt», . ',;,.'?".." l0* Mitntt..-Arranjomenti havo boen mule with tho Connnliilontri orihoMo'botirno Inhibition, l>y Mr. tteg. Hoalle, to strike modalt In Hie building .JïÏÏWîî** lvc.°r ,l10 0V01"i «linllar to the Exhibition o'.itll Natloni. In London, 1*31. - I «¡mt hail given hint In payment achrquo for £3 13«. w theUnloii Hank. On the cheque being protouted at the hink It wai Mfuied, tho draiter havlui* no aooount ïuirÎL-T,!e ï1|,|",n0l!.îr"»!1 a»ow«lTliall,hiniMlf in £too, andtwoiiiiMtlMlnXtOOtaoli. DaintK AMU l)"o»D«Ki.T,-.ror Dili offenoe Thomtt üuntiluKham wa« yeittrday fined at the Dlitrlot Pollco Wurt In tho lura of £4, or fjurday«' liuprlionuwnt 1 and Joliallian Einrui. charged «Imply with «Bluing la the itreot, wai Unod «0». " ?'Ina lUiUTir.-lu oontenucDCO of bad fuol tho on. »ineer wai unable to got tim «team up to th« proper power yeiloj-Jsy, and the Uuio Axed for the dopartira of th« train» from olth«r terminus wai accordingly very li»dly kept. The train» toaytytd tea hundred and Orly trutiscn Tlnirtvley. * Tns Mnuiouas-H H0rrf.-Thc hound! will meet at half past two o'clock'thl« artcrnoon, at the Junotlo« Hotel, St. Kilda i and on Tuesday, at six o'clock «.ra , »'. the South Yarra Hotel. a,-»« ?Ronnaar AT ina Ainio« HOML.- William Mont- gomery, remanded from the provloni day on a ohirga Sf robbery, wai brought up at tho City Court yeiter day. No now evldonee wa» adduced, aud he wa» com- mitted for trial. _. . _ _ _ OWKSCH Aoinrar nu PAwsrssoHiuf Aor.-Goori« Johnstone, roma«ded from the prevlou« dey, wa» brought up at tho City Court yistcrday, for farther examination. It wa» latlifaotorlly proved by; respeot able wltneases, thit tho prisoner had found the paws ticket which ho was charged with stealing; but aa he had committed the orTonce of endeavoring to reléale Usa property, ho wa» ainlenced to fourteen days' lo». prlionmont. DisoaonnbT CHABACIIIS. - Jino Thompson wat trough! np at tho City Court yeitorday, chargod witts crcatingadlsturaneo,and wai Unod 20i.-Robert Clarke, fordrunkinnesa and obscenity, was Quod 80s., and 10». costs.-Michael Walters, charged with lurking about; arme premises In North Melbourne, was cauUoncd andr discharged.-Christopher Howland, for being drunk and Incapable cf taking ear« of his none and dray, wu fine* «0». Vrorostt TnraTAiaSAJmFacTi-ainoint CoMTAirr.-A rjnbllo meeting of this company, which was adjourned from tho eth ln«t,, will be held on tho 23rd inst., at the» Hedíanle«' Institution, at half-pattievcn o'olock, who«. ' Its obj«ot will be fully explained. Dnrrerxsmrsss_The following person« wore broaghd op at the City Court yeiterday, charged with drunk». seil, and were fined In the mull penalty :-John Bos took, Edwin Foarion, William Fabrlclu», John Miller, ÏUcbard Reeves, William Hamilton, Jam« Gilby, Hair Ann PhllUps, William Hargrave«, Daniel Wolih, Mi- chael Nugent, Joaopk Duffln, Thomas Wailaoc, Hcnrjr Xonergan, Jamos Qlbion, John Hsysllp, and JoioptT »pel. DAMAOIKQ CROWS LAUDS-Jame» Paaoh and John lucas wero brought np at tho City Court yosterday, charged with this offence, and were fined 40«. each.-. James Powell, an old offender In this Une, was fined £5, or in default, fourteon days' lmprlionmont. FRIVOLOUS CHARGE.- A Mr. Soloman Marks was brought up at the City Court yesterday, charged with snatching a document out of the hands of Mr. Gavin Ralston and refusing to return it. The whole of the facts of this case were very trivial, and it ought never to have been brought before a criminal court. Mr. Marks had bought at an auction-room some cigars, which were the property of Mr. Ralston. He purchased the cigars as No. 2 manillas, but, on receiving them, found them to be inferior ones, and wrote a protest across the receipt to that effect. Shortly afterwards he was standing near his own store, when, according to his account, Mr. Ralston drove up in a gig, and, holding the receipt in his hand, asked him if that were his writing. Mr. Marks took the paper, and answered in the affirmative. Mr. Ralston said, "You _ scoundrel, what do you mean by it? and in a rather abusive manner told him to give up the paper, or he would have him taken into custody. Mr. Marks appears to have refused, when Mr. R. called a constable, who, however, would not take Mr. M. into custody until enjoined to do so by that gentleman himself. This was the whole of the case, which, by the assistance of Mr. Read for the prosecution, and Mr. A'Beckett for the defence, occupied the Court more than half an hour, when it was, of course, dismissed. Jtmrmo AT A Coxcivsio«.-A person named Alex- ander Oliver having had a dresslng-csso, contalntnr money and Jewellery amounting to £90, stolen through; ?n open window, Immediately settled It In hil own. mind that tho thief wal a mm named John Johnstons, as he knew that the dree>lng-cste contained valuable property. Jobnitono was accordingly brought np at tho City Court yesterday, but forthwith discharged, al tho only evidence against him wss the suspicion of the pro atcutor. Bramoo RAOSI.-The spring meeting at Bendigo It announced for Tuesday, the 24Ui October. Entries aro to be made on the Friday before the raeos. Thcro arc ta be a Malden Plato, of »0 sovereigns ; a Diggers' Purse, of 100 sovereigns; a Hack Race, of 20 sovereign» j a Ladles' Purse, of SO sovereigns ; a Sandhurst Town Plate, of 100 sovereigns ; a Tradesmen's Purse, of »O sovirelgns f a Publican»' Purse, of 100 sovereigns, 1rs addition to tho «ntranco-monoy. Oíanos o> CosruairLiimo Smcnm.-John Fawn wits brought up at the City Court yesterdav, on tho abor« charge. An alarm had been given to tho constable on rrlnce'i Bridge, tint a man wai «bout to drown himself. He ran down to th« river aid«, and found the prisoner stripping. He was nnder the Influence of drln k. The prisoner Informed the Beneh that ho had no more ldosv of drowning himself than any of their Worships oould,' bave. Ile was discharged. Praaoüsso» Tim Cnowji -William Trod on, remanded} on the above charge, was brought up at the City Court yesterday. Information had been received from Now South Wales that he was free by servitude, and ho wa» discharged. *"A RADI ron s nonas.-A gentleman, named John. VT. Joy, living at Morrl Crook, within Uio city boun- dary, noticed oa Thursday morning a man on horse- back coolly catch hold of his (Mr. Joy's) hone, and raco off with li. Being a very swift rnnnor, Mr. Joy, öfter calling to the thief to stop, set off In pursuit, and actually managed to keep the rasoal In tight until ha saw bim turn Into a yard in Brunswlck-strcet, Colling. Trend, a distance of two miles from the place where thai chase commenced, lie came up Just ss tho man wa* leaving the yard with the two horses. When he saw Ilr. Joy ho let go of tho stolen animal, and lot off ab full speed. Mr. J. Jumped oa tho back of hil horse, ?aylng, " I have gol my hone, and now I'll havo you.» Ile wal a« good ai lila word. Tho follow modo a des- perate resistance, but with the assistance of the polioo lie wai taken Into custody. He wai brought up at the City Court yeiterday morning, and committed for trial. VicroiiAS Iwsvmrr« -The eonvcrsa7lone of thl» institute Is announced for the evening of Hie 22nd lnst,, at the Mechanics'. His Honor tho Actina* Chlof Jastlce will presido on tho occasion, and, will deliver an Inaugural address. It Is Intended to hold, a series of moetlnc«, but Uio opening ono will. It Is rxpected, bo honored by the t rescues of His ExceUenOâ" IhoLIeutenan'-Govcrnorand Lady Hotham. t Mssirouj ASD BosTociis WAnsnoüsn, WAmwAitBOOO -The above-mentioned warehouse, situate at Warr nara a bool, has been appointed, with tho approval of III» Excellency the Lleutenant-Goveraor, for the free ware- housing and securing of goods therein, under tho sixty., firstseotlonof Uio Ac« of Council lath Ylotorla, No. S3,InUtuled"An Act for Uio General Regulation ot »ho Cuitoms In Uie Colony of Victoria.'' 