CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, SURRY HILLS. THE stone foundation for the erection of the iron church, recently imported from Bristol, was commenced on Tuesday last. A religious service was held on the occasion on the site, in Bourke-street, Surry Hills. The Rev. Joseph Beazley commenced by signing and prayer, and the Rev. Dr. Ross then laid the stone in performing this ceremony the venerable gentleman said " In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, one God-On the 14th November, 1854, I lay the foundation stone of this church, in which the pure Gospel of the blessed God will be preached. I do so in the belief that the universal depravity of man will here be proclaimed that the true character of the triune Jehovah will here be exhibited that the doctrines of justification by faith, and the renewal of the spirit, and the resurrection, and the final judgment will here be fearlessly announced. I do so in the hope that many sinners will be converted, and that many believers will be guided to heaven that multitudes of the young will be instructed, and that all will be encouraged and edified in their most holy faith. May the blessing of the Most High rest upon the ministers who in succession shall occupy this pulpit, and upon the congregation who from time to time shall assemble around it. And may grace, mercy, and peace from God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost rest upon and abide with you all, for ever. Amen." The plate bore this inscription The Foundation-stone of a New Church, intended for the use of the Congregational body, was laid, November 14th, 1854, by the Rev. R. ROSE, M.D.; the Rev. Wm. Slatyer, Minister. The Rev. Mr. SLATYER, then delivered the following address : My Christian friends, It must afford us the highest gratification that our venerable friend the Rev. Dr. Ross is able to be with us to-day, although the weather is somewhat inclement, to take the service he has just discharged. The only drawback upon our pleasure is, that he cannot follow it with the address usual on these occasions. With the fervent prayer that he may soon become sufficiently restored to preach again the glorious gospel of the blessed God, I therefore proceed to do what otherwise would have been done with so much more appropriateness and effect by him. So brief is the time that has elapsed, that to many of you it must seem "but as yesterday when the spot on which we now stand formed part of an extensive sweep of undulating land, either altogether unoccupied by the abodes of man, or presenting, the only at wide intervals, dotting its surface in solitary isola- tion ; but now, by a transformation, rapid as if magic produced it, we behold it converted into a scene of busy life i to a great extent it is covered by human habitations, divided into streets by unbroken lines of houses j it has become connected with the adjacent city, and forms no small and insignificant portion of the same. The presence of humanity, with relations temporal and eternal, has imparted to the place secular worth and religious interest. It is with much astonishment and intense gratification we contemplate the growing importance of your city, its ample dimensions, its accumulating wealth, its costly structures, its commercial attitude, its natural auxiliaries of benefit and beauty and we breathe the prayer, that the Lord may keep it, watch over it day and night, and continue its prosperity. Let art and science, industry and enterprise, multiply its resources, increase its conveniences and comforts, and impart to it the elegancies of life. But we look on it with the Christian's eye, and would not have it rise, like Babylon of old, a monument and stimulant of human pride, invoking the bolt instead of inviting the blessings of heaven. Mindful that there are wealth and strength, a grandeur and glory of a spiritual order that infinitely transcend the material and secular that it is righteousness which exrtlteth a nation, whilst sin is a disgrace to any people, we would have every element of its growing greatness baptized into Christ, penetrated by his spirit, pervaded by his principles, prostrated at his feet. Impelled by sentiments like these the Christian Church, in her different sections, follows the course-tracks, the ramifications of your city, and here and there, amongst its gathering thousands, places the proof of her benevolent solicitude for their spiritual and social welfare, years a house of God from which may emanate instructions and influence, which, as they are received and practically I recognized, become the most precious contributions to the constitutional strength, glorious development, dignified attitude, moral power, and beneficent action of any community. Borne onwards by the current of Christian sympathy we are assembled now at the ceremonial of laying the foundation stone of a Congregational Church to be erected on this spot. The work on which we have entered is for God. We mean by this service to begin it in God. It will, on its completion, fail of its purpose and be useless, unless it subserve the interests of vital godliness such a result we expect only as we have God's countenance and blessing. Commencing with this deep and solemn conviction, we utter the prayer-" God be merciful to us, and bless us, and cause his face to shine upon us. Save now we beseech thee, O Lord. O Lord we beseech thee send now prosperity," We are not un- mindful of the fact, that other denominations are operating hard by, and that we come into their midst. Whilst in reference to the particular place we occupy it may be said that it has been determined by circumstances we could not control rather than by a preference we were anxious to maintain, we feel called upon to avow our conviction that in this undertaking we are fulfilling an imperative duty. The augmenting population of this neighbourhood demands it at our hands. Other Christian communities can scarcely do less than expect it-by their own enterprise they invite it, and might justly reproach us did we withhold our quota of service to the common stock of Christian zealous assistance in evangelizing the people. With-an already large and rapidly increasing population around, our contribution of service will be regarded, we trust, not as rivalry, but will be received as brotherly co-opera- tion-for emphatically do we make the avowal that our main object is the extension of the common salva- tions We have our peculiarities we attach to them considerable importance we hold them firmly because conscientiously, but we have, in common with other evangelical denominations, principles and truths infinitely more precious, and we trust that our piety will ever be strong enough to sustain the practical pre-eminence of these and the due subordination of the other. Looking at man in his fallen condition - debased, polluted, con condemned, involved in a room from which there is no extrication without redemption by Jesus Christ, and regeneration by the Holy Ghost, and holding tenaciously to the proper divinity of the incarnate Redeemer, and to the consequent ineffable dignity and moral worth and power of his atoning death and dis- carding, with all our hearts, the sacramental virtue of ordinances, as the medium of the Spirit's regenerative action-a notion untenable by Scripture, and philosophically absurd for the sound old doctrine of the instrumentality of Divine truth, our ministry, as all acquainted with it know, is permeated by the evangelical element takes its inspiration from the cross proclaims Christ, and Him crucified, as the only basis of a sinner's hope, and insists upon the apostolic testimony, " Repentance toward God, and faith toward our Lord Jesus Christ." But still we admit, that coming with these prime and common truths, we come with our peculiar discipline too j and, for this reason, because we believe it is specially adapted for their con- servation, and for the promotion of pure religion. It is in this view, as a means to this great end, we prize our independency and we believe that it bears this relation serves to this purpose because, as a system, it is divine. It is involved in our social instincts, incorporated in our social action, and then it is broadly but briefly sketched in the pages of the New Testa- ment. We do not pretend that we embrace the Scripture model in all its exactness of detail ; it is, we submit, neither possible nor intended that we should ; we find in that plasticity, the presence of principles, capable in their working out of consistent accommodation to very diversified circumstances \- principles that admit vast variety in their exhibition without any violence to their nature. Take the system and apply it. Let its spirit-its principles, have appropriate, though not in all cases, or in any, the same organization. Let them have free course, full fair play. Let not the personal and secular offer interference with the action of their spiritual nature. Let the carnal keep unhallowed hands off this divine ark for preserving the testimony of the Lord, and no surer guarantee for the maintenance of essential truth can be offered or supposed. For the custody of orthodoxy, we have no confidence in creeds, standards, and confessions, in legal instruments and trusts, in the sceptre of the sword ; but we have in the system we embrace, provided its principles be faithfully regarded and energetically worked. Discarding all terms of communion but one-the evidence of conversion, and uniting in one fellowship, those who are its subjects, binding them together by the simple, single, but indissoluble tie, which binds them to Christ complete in themselves for the purpose _ of self-government ; empowered by Him who is their Head to exercise it, with His love regnant in their hearts, and His will paramount in their proceedings, we can conceive of no organization better adapted to develop individual and united power, preserve purity in doctrine, furnish scope for the exercise of the religious affections, and subserve the highest purposes of good. It is a system which rejects foreign control, but offers fraternal co-operation with other communions ; is free from the spirit of exclusiveness, and fitted to reciprocate with others the kindest offices : it stretches out, with the heartiest goodwill, the right hand of fellowship to all who love the Lord Jesus Christ. Here dissent is unknown : it is an unmeaning inappropriate term. God grant that it may never have a place in the ecclesiastical vocabulary of New South Wales, nor existence as a fact in its history that in its absence the period may the sooner dawn on this land when, as in the army, there is the regimental division, with dress, arms, and standard proclaiming it so, if in the Christian army there must be the counterparts, in this as in that they shall be the signs of confederated action in a common cause, under one glorious Captain, and shall be converted under the omnipotence of love into the means of more orderly movement, and more precise and telling effect against the common foe of humanity. With regard to the church to be erected, a word or two of information may not be inappropriate. It is, as you perceive, to be of iron, placed upon a foundation elevated about three feet above the ground level ยก its dimensions will be 70 feet by 45, furnishing with two end galleries accommodation for about 700 people. Its erection is undertaken by the Committee of the Congregational Church Building Society. We thank God that he has placed wealth in their hands ; we thank Him more that he has put his grace in their hearts, inclining them to honour Him with their substance and the first fruits of their increases; and if the structure, when completed, should be filled with the glory of the Lord in the exhibition of Calvary a wonders and Pentecost's effusions of the spirit, should become the birthplace of immortal souls Bethesda in the cures it affords, a Gilead in the balm it offers-the scene where Zion's traveller is instructed-the sorrows of the mourned are chastened by the Gospel of Jesus the soul is made meet for the conflict of death and the triumph, of heaven-if thus in its future history it shall be to many a vestibule to the mansions of glory, the design of its erection will be answered, the best, richest recompense, which the kind friends who bear its cost can desire or have will be vouchsafed, and the highest gratification' of the minister's heart will be realised. God grant this consummation, and to Him shall be the praise. The Rev. RICHARD FLETCHER followed with a few appropriate observations, after which the Rev. Mr. GORDON concluded with prayer and the benediction. 