TO THE REV. J. BURNS. (Dr. CahilVs Pxiblic Reply.). ' Feelings of unmingled love and compassion for your soul and the souls of those who are misled by the Romish Priests, constrain me to use every effort in my power to awaken in you and in them the dormant feelings of common sense, and to arouse you and them to attend to the voice of season and the voice of God. I believe your religion to be false, and truth and duty compel ma to rmblish mv conviction. I seek to grain your soul, and, therefore, I write plainly, and let none of my fellow-men judge me an enemy because I tell the truth. * -x- * * ' Every hour you consecrate a bit of bread, you create your Creator !' * * #? * ' Grant me, Sir, as a common ground of argu ment, that God Almighty made you, and gave you the faculties which you possess, and I will undertake to show, by self-evident truths, that the doctrine of Transubstantiation is subversive of the foundation of human belief, and, therefore, incapable of being proved by any evidence, or of being believed by any man under the influence of common sense. If God made man, then the testimony of the senses is the testimony of God. To seek to support this testimony is absurd, and to doubt it is to be mad. Ji X. X. «. TV t\ A rt '' 'Now, Sir, in all controversy the proof rests on him who takes the affirmative side of the question. If you wish me to receive your doctrine, you must, furnish me with the grounds on which to rest' my faith. To justify me in rejecting your dogma,, I am not even obliged to produce direct proof of its falsehood. It is enough if I can show that, the proof you allege is not sufficient. The doctrine is overturned if it be not proved. If I can show, that every passage you bring forward is, according to the usual laws of language, fairly ca pable of another sense, I have overturned your doctrine;, and if this principle be just, then the battle is won without my firing a single shot of direct disproof' at all. '.. ?z- ?& : '* * * 'I think the soul can no more feed on flesh and blood' than on bread. If then, the body of Jesus be food to the soul, it must be so, not lite rally, but figuratively. The soul cannot eat His flesh in any other way than by believing on Him. It eats by faith, and not by teeth. See how hard it is to force Scripture to sanction what is false and absurd. ' I beseech you, Sir, to put all your trust in the Blood of Christ, which cleanseth from all sin, and renounce the vain effort of adding to its per fection. Cease that blasphemy that represents the work of Christ even yet unfinished, and keeps Him continually a sacrifice on the altar. Come to Him and He will give you salvation without money and without price.' — Vide Letter of the Mev. J. Burns. Whitehaven, Wednesday, Dec. 7th. llev. Sir, — I have selected some few passages of your courteous letter to me, to which I shall more particularly direct my reply ; and if I were not made acquainted with the profession of the writer, I should have never supposed that the author of these extracts could have read even the elements of theology or moral philosophy ; but, above all, I could not have believed that a Cler gyman of high character and station could make statements exhibiting such a deplorable igno rance of the fundamental principles of our common Christianity. Firstly, then, since you set up in spiritual things the evidence of the senses, as you call it as the infallible standard of your faith, will you tell the world how can you believe in God, who is a pure spirit, and therefore cannot pos- sibly fall within the domain of the senses ? Secondly, will you say by what evidence of the senses you discover three distinct persons in one God ? Do, Rev. Sir, say how you arrive at the1 conclusion by the senses that Trinity is Unity in essence and Unity essentially Trinity ? ; Thirdly, will you kindly inform poor forlorn Catholic souls how you detect the presence of Divine grace by the senses- — that is, how you can see, feel, taste, smell, and hear Divine grace, which St. Paul describes as ' the emanation of God,' and ' the charity of God poured abroad ?' Fourthly, will you say, Sir, how you can even know you have a ' soul' by the evidence of the senses. ' Fifthly, will you tell the Romish Priests where you did learn the existence of Eternity, of Heaven, or of Hell from the evidence of the senses ? St. Paul tells us that '' neither eye hath seen, or ear heard, or the heart of man conceived this place ;' and therefore will you be pleased to tell us how it has happened that the air of Whitehaven has so elevated the action of your senses that you and your congregation can behold, with an unclouded vision, what the tongue of Saint Paul could not utter or the heart of Saint Paul conceive ? We poor Romish Priests, educated at Maynooth, always fancied these things were known by ' faith' and not by the senses : and we have foolishly be lieved faith to be ' the gratuitous gift of God,' and not at all the philosophical result of the most perfect examination of the senses. Sixthly, will you be pleased to inform the sense less Catholics how you discover original sin in a new-born baby by the aid of the senses ? If, therefore, Reverend Sir, you will believe nothing but what can be proved by the senses, your act of faith must, beyond all dispute, deny every single word of the creed which you publish on every Sunday from your pulpit to your unfortunate con gregation. You seem very fond of employing the words ' common sense' while speaking of faith. They are not accidental terms in your mouth ; they are scientific, official, professional phrases: and' you so jumble together logical, theological, and elocu tionary language that, in almost every sentence you have written, there is a scientific mistake, a misapplication of words, and a clear incongruity in theological terms. You reject everything which you cannot conceive in your common sense. This is certainly your statement. Firstly, then, will you therefore prove to us, Romish scholars, how does your common sense understand and explain that God had no beginning ! Our Popish common sense cannot conceive any existing thing without a cause. Now, as you admit nothing which you cannot understand, pray tell us on what principle you understand an effect which is not an effect, a generation without being generated, motion, life, and power without a beginning. Secondly, the earth cannot be as old as God, as it would then be God : nor can it be made out of the substance of God, as matter would then be composed of spirit, and inanimate clay formed of the essentially living God. Hence the earth must come from nothing, and called from this nothing by a mere act of God's will. Will you say, in your science of your common sense if you understand this natu ral mystery ? If you do not understand it, of course, as you have said, you cannot believe it; and therefore you are bound, in vindication of your system, to state publicly for the salvation of the Romish Priests, and of all the Papists, whose interests are so near your heart, that, as you cannot conceive by common sense how matter was created, or how man was formed, that there fore there is no such thing as Protestant tithes ; that the Scotch kirk is a public delusion ; that the sermons in your church are baseless visions ; and that the public letter lately addressed in this town to Dr. Cahill is a dreamy image, and a fantastic, ideal, deceptive sound. Thirdly, will you again explain the Incarnation by your system ? I have learned in the schools that Divine faith cannot be tested by the rules of logic, much less by the common sense of the world. I have been taught that although there are three persons in the Trinity each distinct and each God, still it does not follow from these defined premises that there are three distinct Gods. Fourthly, will you be pleased, Sir, to explain to me by common sense how the ' two distinct natures' of God and man have only one person in Christ ? how can there be a nature without a person ? Will you kindly say whether the person was human Divine, or a mixture of both, half finite and half infinite? Fifthly, pray explain again how God could become man, the Incarnate, unembodied Word could be- come flesh, how an eternal person could be born, how immortality could die, how an immaculate God could assume human guilt, how the mockery the agony, the cries of the beloved Son of God could please the Father ? Sixthly, will you say how it is that, although God is whole and entire in the million and tens of million places in space, there is still but one God? Ah ! Rev. Mr. Burns, your loose assertions, and unscientific statements, convince me of the truth of Lord Shaftesbury's report on the lamenta ble deficiency of Protestant Clerical education, demonstrate that you can malign a creed without having studied its tenets, and circulate wounding misstatements under the cover and the imposition of religious zeal. Finally, will you explain the justice of God in charging on a child born in 1853 the crime of Adam's disobedi- ence committed nearly six thousand years ago? It was mataphysically impossible that the free will of this child could enter into this, act of Adam as an accomplice, the soul of the child being not created at the time ; and it was equally impossible for the same will to prevent or avoid this fault of Adam. Now, the common sense and the common laws of Englishmen, to which you appeal in matters of faith, will not charge one man with the guilt of a third party, who was not, or could not, possibly be an accomplice. You have, Sir, to account for this fact by your system of common sense, and thus settle this most vital question. The plain, palpable result of this absurd and fatal misapplication of reason to faith is, that you have made your creed a mere worldly system ; and you have forced even your friends to regard your religion as a human constitution sustained by the same kind of principles as you smelt iron, spin cotton, form railroads, and conduct com merce. Your public perfectly understand this system, and hence they have lost all confidence in your spiritual ministrations, and all respect for your profession. The labouring classes seldom enter the Protestant churches. Their, common sense, they think, is as good as yours ; and, as they can read the Bible and "eat faith" at home, they generally sleep till two o'clock on Sundays, and never listen to the Parson till he has invented a story about a Priest, a Monk, or a convent, or the bones of a child being dug up, some time ago, somewhere, by somebody, in some nunnery. The total absence of all religious instruction in these churches, added to the constant teaching of doubting the entire evidence of antiquity, has con verted the finest nation and the most generous people in the world into a ferocious multitude of bigoted infidels. Lord Ashley's report (which I have not read, but of which I have heard) reveals a state of religious ignorance in this country beyond the most exaggerated powers of credibility. His description of the factories and collieries awakens thrilling feelings of pain and shame in the bosom of every honest religious Englishman. Think of hundreds of grown girls who could not tell ' who was God, or Christ, or the Holy Ghost,' and who were sunk, at the same time, in the lowest state of immorality too extended and too gross to be named in this letter. Hundreds of colliers were never even once in a church — had never learned one word of their cathechism, and perfectly igno rant of the Cross. One man being asked who made him, answered, ' My mother ;' a second being questioned as to the number of Gods, replied, ' That there were seven, and that he was able to fight any one of them ;' a third being pressed to tell who was Christ, said, ' He did not know Him, as he had never worked in His pit :' a fourth interrogated if he was afraid of the punish ments of the next world, appeared quite surprised at hearing of future punishments, and replied that, ' If his friends buried his pickaxe with him, there was no place made, even of the hardest rock, could keep him confined.' Why, Sir, the history of the snake Indians or of the Bosjesmen does not reveal such hyper-barbarian ignorance as can be met with in some districts, callings, and trades in England. How can the Protestant Clergy, who receive annually eight millions sterling, look men in the face with the crimes of this barbarity on them ? and how can the acute English nation continue to be gulled by the notorious lies of Irish conversions invented by hired calumniators in order to divert the public mind from beholding the annual millions of this overgrown robbery, or can vassing the flagrant hypocrisy and the anti-Chris tian slander of this infidel conspiracy. The brutal murders, the wife-killing, the infanticides, and the avowed spreading infidelity, and the thousands of children whose deaths are daily concealed, are the frightful fruits of your system of the doctrine of the senses and your human faith. Was there ever heard such insane audacity as to assert that God could reveal nothing which the Protestant conventicle or the Scotch kirk could not under stand ! It is the same kind of rampant and ridiculous silliness as if a congregation of oysters or frogs denied that there existed such things as the truths of algebra, music, or photography, merely because some few elders of these tribes could neither see, hear, feel, nor understand the subject. This system will soon make all England infidel. Hired lecturers are now publicly deliv ering lectures on the opposition between what they call " the secular creation and the Gospel creation"— that is, on palpable, open infidelity. Depend on it that your teaching will, at no dis- tant day, sap the very foundations of social order in this country — that you will call into existence a generation of men who, if not checked, will threaten the very existence of English monarchy ; and tho throne of Great Britain will yet have to rely on Catholic allegiance and Catholic fidelity for its preservation and security. You seem much captivated with the reason- ableness (as you call it) of the figurative sense being applied to the words used by our Lord at the Last Supper. Now, Sir, I look on the Pro testant doctrine of the Last Supper to be such an aggregate of incongruity that if one were not certain of its being believed by a large section of persons in this country, it could never be supposed that such an opinion could be seriously held by men who believed Christ to be God, and to have uttered intelligible language. That doctrine states that ' the Last Supper is a memorial of Christ's sufferings and passion, where bread and wine being taken in faith, Christ is spiritually received.' The four terms, therefore, within which this doctrine is included are the words 'memorial faith (bread and wine), and the spirit of Christ.' As you, therefore, appeal to the standard of the Scriptures, and to the standard of language on this point, I shall for a moment meet that appeal by quoting some texts from the Gospel of St. John, chapter the sixth:— V. 52. — If any man eat of this bread he shall live for ever, and the bread that I will give is My flesh for the life of the world. V. 53. — The Jews, therefore, debated among themselves, saying how can this Man give us His flesh to eat? V. 54..— Unless ' You eat the flesh of the Son of Man, and drink his blood, you shall not have life in you.' V. 5*5. — He that eateth My flesh and drinketh My blood hath everlasting life, and I will raise him up in the last, day. V. 56. — For My flesh is meat indeed, and My blood is drink indeed. . V. 57. — He that eateth My flesh and drinketh My blood abideth in Me and I in him. V. 58. — As the Living Father hath sent Me, and as I live by the Father, so he that eateth Me the same shall live by me. In the foregoing texts Our Lord uses the words " eat My flesh" five times ; and it must be well remembered that these words were employed four times after the Jews debated among themselves "how can this Man give us " His flesh to eat.' He heard their objection (' how can HE') and, of course according to all the rules of a public speaker to his audience, He replies to the diffi culty which they proposed, and in place of retract ing His words, or altering them into other clearer . words, or making any change or explanation in His expression, He, on the contrary, becomes more emphatic in His manner, and repeats four times, with evident increased energy, the self- same words. And it must not be forgotten that in thus reasserting these words four times, in the teeth of their contradiction, He also adds some new circumstances of vital interest to the question under debate — namely, in v. 54, He threatens damnation to the man who merely omits what He orders ; in v. 55 he offers justification to the man who fulfils His statement; in v, 56 'He asserts twice that what He has said is a literal statement (alethos) ; in 57 He again declares that the man who corresponds with the conditions, named is intimately identified with Him';' and, lastly, in v. 58, He utters two oaths — namely, by His mission and by His life' — that what Re stated would give eternal life ; and, finally, in all these assertions, threats, promises, and rewards. He uses the words ' eat His flesh' with an un- varying consistency in reply to their objection. Now, as the whole Jewish religion was made up of types and figures, and, as a matter of course,, the Capharnaites were perfectly acquainted with this fact, can any man believe that Christ, 'would hold out threats of perdition, and would swear, twice, in order to make them believe the most known fact of their country? Now, Sir, by what authority do you, who seem so much attached to the word of God, take it on yourself to change the clear, expressed words into a meaning certainly not asserted or affirmed in the written or spoken language ? You reply that it must be received in a spiri- tual or figurative sense, from the impossibility, as your common sense asserts, of understan- ding these written words in their literal sense. You, therefore, assert that flesh means 'faith' means ' figure of flesh,' means ' spirit,' means 'metaphor,' means ' image or memorial.' lnr the first place, this is, on your part a most un-. warrantable assumption, it not being affirmed in the words ; and secondly, it may turn out as I hope presently to show, that your meaning must end in an absurdity of idea, and in an incon- gruity of language, such as would deprive Christ of all future human confidence in the expressiott of his thoughts, and convert the language of tb'e Testament into an unmeaning or incongruous symbol. If then, your meaning be correct,. it follows, of course, that that mode of expression, must be just which describes a man as 'eating a spirit, eating an image, drinking a metaphor, eating an allegory, and drinking a shadow;' And then again, Sir, you represent Christ as swearing by 'two oaths' that these are His words and that this is His meaning. You have, therefore, adopted the most incon gruous and ridiculous form of words, such as no rational human being has been ever known to use, ; you have, in the face of heaven and earth translated the word 'flesh' into ' spirit, image, shadow, metaphor ;' and you have done all this, forsooth, because you could not understand how ' He could give us His flesh to eat.' But if you will reflect on the crib, on next Christmas night, and ask how can a trembling, poor naked, abandoned child be the eternal, cousubstantial Word, the King of Kings, your common sense will be shocked till you see the heavens opened and hear the angelic choirs rend the blue vault of His Fathers skies, saying, 'It is HE.' Our doctrine is just the same kind of mystery; and while we are astounded at the statement contained in the words, we at the snme time hear Him reassert it over and over again, and we bow and believe. And I could no more consent to bejieve the absurd, the ridiculous, the incon- gruous, the newly-invented meaning of your altered text, than I could consent to believe Our Lord to be an idiot or a maniac. You, therefore, perceive, Sir, how absurd is novelty, how ridi- culous is heresy. In order to see more fully the consistent lan- guage of Our Lord, I shall again quote some texts from St. Matthew, chapter 26 : V. 26.'--And whilst they were at supper, Jesus took bread, and blessed and broke, and gave to His disciples, and said, ' take ye and eat ;' this is My body. V. 27. —And taking the chalice He gave thanks, :and gave to them, saying, ' drink ye all of this. y. 28. — ' For this is My blood of the New Testament, which shall be shed for many, for the remission of sins.' Now, Sir, according to your assumed meaning, Christ said,' ' this is My body,'meaning that this is My spirit. Now, Sir, since the invention, im provement, and perfection of human language, have you ever seen, read, or heard of any human being, in any age or any country, use the word ' body' to mean 'spirit?' It is pre cisely the very apposite, and cannot by the rules of language be employed even as a metaphor ! as there cannot be any resemblance between two things which are metaphysically opposite. And when we come to apply your meaning to v. 28, it is hard; to say whether one feels a greater amount of ridicule, or pity, or contempt for the teachers of a doctrine which would go to say 'that the blood of a spirit was shed, the blood of a metaphor shed; the blood of a shadow shed, the blood of an image shed, the blood of faith shed, the blood of a memorial shed !' Now, Sir, in your own language, do you see how ridiculous is error, how absurd is human novelty in Revelation ? I shall, in conclusion, quote by your own stand ard of the Bible, and' the. criticism' of language, some texts. on the subject from St. Paul to the Corinthians, chapter' the 11th, of. the First Epis- tie, v. 23: V. 23. — For I have received of the Lord that which also I- delivered to you, that the Lord Jesus, the night in which He was betrayed; took bread. V. 24-- And giving thanks, broke and said' — .' Take ye and eat;' this is My body which shall be delivered for you : do this, in comme moration of Me.' ' V. 25.— In like manner, also, the chalice, after He had supped, saying— 'This chalice is the New Testament in My blood: this do ye as often as you shall drink for the- commemoration of Me.' V. 27. — Wherefore whosoever shall eat this bread or drink the chalice of the Lord unwor thily, shall.be guilty of the Body and Blood of^ the Lord. ? V. 28. — But let a man prove himself: and. so let him- eat of that bread, and drink of the chalice. ' V. 29.— For he that -eateth- and drinketh unworthily, eatethand drinketh damnation to him self; not discerning the Body of the Lord. You see, Sir,in these texts that St. Paul keeps up the same consistency of word and idea as Our Lord ; and that he asserts his having received the above Communication not from the Apostles, but from the lips of Christ himself after His resurrec tion, in order to stamp that Communication with an importance beyond anything be had to tell them. Here St. Paul clearly speaks of the guilt of the Body and Blood of Christ. Now, Sir,, be candid with me ; has any man in any age or any country ever heard of 'spilling the blood of a spirit, murdering bread and wine, killing a meta phor, shedding the blood of bread and wine, tak jng the life of a trope, and murdering a shadow ?'' But, above all, can you- have the cool hardihood to preach before any assembly of rational beings that Christ would pronounce a double damnation against a man for not ' discerning a BODY in a spirit, a body, in a metaphor, a body in faith, a body in a shadow, a body in bread 'and wine' — that is, He has pronounced double damnation on a man for not discerning what cannot be dis cerned, for not discerning an absurdity, an incon gruity, an impossibility— that is, He damns a man in double torments for not seeing a part greater than the whole ; for not seeing a square as a circle ; for not seeing the colour of white as black? 'What Christian acquainted with the life of Christ, could seriously believe that His last Will (which David foretold in reference to Mel chisedech, and which He himself foretold in His disputation , with, the Capharnaites) contained the bequest of metaphors, figures, and shadows, to feed, and. nourish, and strengthen. the life of the soul!! This is theology with a vengeance! ! ! May God, Almighty God, forgive, you, Sir, for teaching such insanity to your, poor dupes ; and may HE, in His grace, open your eyes,- and the eyes of the poor creatures who are doomed to listen, to such absurd, and ridiculous, and degrading doctrines as England and Scotland have adopted since the days of Luther and Knox (To bs Continued.) 