To the Editor'qf'tÁe Sydney Morning Herald. SIR-As the City Commissioners have not acted upon your suggestion that they should take the management of the water, carts into their own hands, I must beg to be allowed to urge through your columns the propriety of their doing so without delay. The citizens of Cook Ward are as badly off as ever in the supply of the first necessary of the water. As the Commissioners are aware, there is only one water fountain in the entire ward, namely, that on the South Head Road, opposite Riley-street. This is manifestly a sorry source of supply for some seven or eight thousand people. The great bulk of the citizens of the Word in question are therefore obliged to purchase from the water carriers all they require for domestic purposes. These gentry have now become so intolerably insolent and independent that they will only accommodate what they call their regular customers. As one instance, doubtless amongst many, I may state that I have been waiting for the last four days to procure a few buckets of water from a carrier, and have several times been refused a single drop for love or money. It seems to me that, until the requisite steps are taken to lay water pipes in the principal streets of Cook Ward, the City Commissioners should take the entire management of the water carts, or compel the carriers under pain of a penalty to supply it to all who require it. A cabman who refuses a fair subjects himself to a penalty : why should not a water carrier, who refuses to sell a bucket of water, be punished by the infliction of a fine ? It is perfectly j monstrous that hundreds of people should be compelled to wait several days for a single bucket of water to suit the whims and caprices of a few men, who care not a straw for the inconvenience to which they subject people by their refusal. ' Again, for the last six or seven years, I have paid City and Lighting rates- and for what? With the exception, I believe, of the South Head Road, William- street, and perhaps one or two others, there is not the ghost of a gas lamp in the whole Ward, and I positively assert that not a pick or shovel during the period in question has been employed in levelling, or otherwise improving the street in which I reside. The authorities take care to enforce payment of the rates,' and it is too bad that people should be obliged to pay them for half- a-dozen years without getting something for their money. No one rejoiced more than I did at the abolition of that abominable nuisance, the City Corporation. I, for one, did my best to accelerate its downfall, believ- ing that the affairs of the city were grossly mismanaged by that body. In common, I believe, with the great majority of the citizens, I confidently anticipated an improved state of things would result from the appointment of Commissioners. But with every disposition to make allowance for the obstacles our present civic rulers have had to encounter, I, for one, must candidly confess that, as regards one question, and that of vital importance, the citizens of Cook Ward at all events have as yet benefitted little by the change. Although the population has increased at least two hundred per cent, during the last few years, water is as difficult to be procured as ever. In conclusion, I may remark for the information of all whom it may concern, that I shall not cease to "agitate" until something like justice is done to the rate-payers of Cook Ward. I remain, Sir, yours, &c.;, R. P. Campbell-street, Surry Hills, May 20. 