HOLLAND HOUSE. i IN TWO CHAPTERS. CHAPTER THE FIRST. I II of AND House is the only important mansion, vener- able for age and appearance, now to be found in the neighbourhood of London. There has been talk more than once of pulling it down ; but every feeling of memory seems to start up at the threat, and cry, No, No ! The cry is not only one of the utmost parliamentary propriety ; the weight of the whole voice of the metropolis may be said to be in it nay, of the nation itself is and even of the civilised world is for what court or diplomatist that knows of the "Whigs," knows not of " Holland House " ? It is not hand- some ; it is not ancient ; but it is of an age sufficient to make up for want of beauty ; it shows us how our ancestors built before Shakspeare died; a crowd of the reigning wits and beauties of that and every succeeding generation passes through it to the " mind's eye," brilliant with life and colour; and there it stands yet, on its old rising ground, with its proper accompaniment of sward and trees, to gratify every- body who can appreciate it, and shame any one who would do it wrong. The upper apartments of Holland House are on a level with the stone gallery of the dome of St. Paul's. Their front windows command a fine view of the Surrey hills ; as those of the back do of Harrow, Hampstead, and Highgate. The aged look of the exterior is the more precious to the antiquary, inasmuch as with the exception of a staircase or so, it is the only part of its antiquity remaining. The interior has long been so modernised, that a lover of old times is grieved to find not a single room in it which brings them before him. There is little which is older than the youth of the late Lord and much that has been further modernised by the present. The fact is, that the house had become so neglected during the nonage of the former, in consequence of the reckless expenditures of the first lord and his son Charles (the great Whig leader) that there was talk of converting it into a workhouse. Lord Holland, a respecter of old associations, and of the pleasures of other people, saved it and this circumstance should be counted among the claims to respect of his own genial memory. Of the lawn, or rather meadow, which lies in front of Holland House, there is a tradition that Cromwell and Ireton conferred in it, as a place in which they could not be overheard. From circumstances here- after to be noticed, the tradition is probable. It shows that whatever the subject of the conference may have been, they could not have objected to being seen for there was no wall, nor were there even trees, we believe, at that time in front of the house, and we may fancy royalists riding by, on their road to Brentford, where the king's forces were defeated, trembling to see the two grim republicans laying their heads together. The grounds at the back of the house are more extensive than might be supposed, and contain many fine old trees of various kinds, with spots of charming seclusion. The portion nearest the house presents an expanse of turf of the most luxurious description, with a noble elm tree upon it, and an alcove facing the west, in which there is a couplet that was put up by the late lord in honour of Mr. Rogers, and a copy of verses by Mr. Luttrell, expressing his inability to compare the poet. The couplet is as follows: " Hero Itogcis sat, and here for ever do all To me, those pleasures that heading so well. " Via.. Hi)." Inscriptions challenge comments ; brief ones, it is thought, ought in particular to be faultless ; seats in summer time, and lounging about on luxurious lawns, half an hour before dinner, beget the most exacting criticisms and thus a nice question has arisen, whether the relative pronoun in this couplet ought to be that or which. Our first impression was in favor of that ; but happening to repeat the lines next morning while in the act of waking, ive involuntarily said which upon which side of the question we are accordingly prepared to fight, with all the inveteracy of deserters from the other. Lord Holland's couplet is in the simple and tranquil taste which he had so much right to admire ; Mr. Luttrell's verses, which are a score longer, would have been improved by compression. But see how pleasant and readable are one or two natural expressions : " Well, now I am fairly installed in the bower, How lovely the scene I how propitious the hour I 'The breeze is perfumed, from the hawthorn it stirs, All is silent around me but nothing occurs ; Not a thought I protest, though I'm here and alone, Not a chance of a couplet that Rogers would own ; Though my senses arc ruptured, my feelings in tune, And Holland's my host, and the season is June. So I rise, since the Muses continue to frown, No more of a poet than when I sat down." Beyond this mossy lawn is the open undulating ground, terminated by the Uxbridge Road, with which the public have become acquainted by means of the Highland Pastimes ; along its eastern side is a rustic lane, furnishing a long, leafy walk on the western side of the house are small gardens, both in new and old styles, the work of the late Lady Holland, and the latter very proper, both as a variety from the former, and as a fitting accompaniment to the old house. It is also pleasant to fancy in what sort of way our grandmothers and great-grandmothers, the Chinese and the Decline of the eighteenth century, on joyed their flower-beds. In one of these gardens was raised the first specimen of that beautiful flower the dahlia, which the late Lord Holland is understood to have brought from Spain by another, on a pedestal, is a colossal bust of Napoleon by a pupil of Canova ; further west, towards the Addison Road, ore the Moats ; which (to say nothing of the evidence furnished by an apocryphal bit of brickwork that accompanies them) are looked upon as the site of the older mansion belonging to the De Veres and further still, a few years ago, was a classical altar, erected by the same lord in memory of the fate of Lord Camelford, aman half out of his wits, who was killed on this spot in a duel which he insisted on provoking. The altar was an ancient Roman one, erected on a modern base, and was inscribed with an expiatory dedication to departed souls, or the gods who preside over the places of the dead-a curious instance of classical " making be- lief or playing at Paganism on a serious occasion. Lord Camclford's body, however, was not under the altar. With the passion for going to extremes, which characterised him, he directed that it should be buried under a tree in a solitary spot of Switzerland, which had interested him during his travels. He was a Pitt, nephew to the great Earl of Chatham, who wrote him letters when a boy. The poor youth, who came to his end before he was thirty, was wildness itself in many respects, though he was fond of serious studies. His manners were perfect at times, but at others would burst out into arrogance and insolence. He was a Christian, it is said, upon conviction, and yet could quarrel with a man about a trifle, and insist upon fighting him, notwithstanding all that could be done to adjust the difference. The reason he gave was, that his antagonist was too good a shot to make it up with. This was a Mr. Best. Lord Camelford went up to him in Stevens's Hotel in Bond-street, and addressed him in the following placid words : " Mr. Best, I am glad to see you face to face, and to tell you, you are an in- famous scoundrel." He afterwards confessed that he had been the aggressor. But, an old house is not perfect without a ghost ; Holland House has two. They do not indeed haunt it, and were very transient in their appearance ; but they will serve to give a bit of ghostly interest to the spot, for those whose imaginations like to " catch a fearful joy" on such points. The account is in Aubrey's Miscellanies, which were written in the reign of William the Third. " The beautiful Lady Diana Rich, daughter to the Earl of Holland, as she was walking in her father's garden at Kensington, to take the fresh air before dinner, about eleven o'clock, being then very well, met with her own apparition, habit] and everything, as in a looking-glass. About a month after she died of the smallpox. And it is said that her sister, the Lady Isabella Thynne, saw the like of herself, also before she died. This account I had from a person of honour." Aubrey, though his gossip is valuable to a lover of books, was credulous to excess. Nicolai, the German bookseller, was in the habit of seeing hosts of spectral men and women pass through his room and a sick young lady, just dressed for dinner, and full of thoughts of herself, sickly or otherwise, might as well see her own image as that of any one else. The Lady IsabellaThynne, here mentioned, wife of one of the ancestors of the Marquis of Bath, is mentioned in another of Aubrey's works (the Lives and Letters of Eminent Men as addicted to anything but ghostly communications. She and a friend of hers, he says, while on a visit to Oxford, used to come to morning prayers at Trinity College Chapel, " half "dressed, like angels." She would also make her entrance upon the college walks, with a " lute playing before her ;" and must have been a great puzzle to the college ethics, for she is described as, possessing all kinds of virtues but one. She is the " Lady Isabella" whose playing on the late is recorded in a set of complimentary verses by Waller : " The trembling strings about her fingers crowd, And tell their joys for every kiss aloud : Small force there needs to make them tremble no : Touched by that hand, who would not tremble too !" We think we have read somewhere, but cannot call to mind in what book, that she suffered a good deal of affliction before she died. . We just now regretted that the interior of Holland House has been so modernised, as with little exception, to retain no appearance of the antiquity to be expected from its appearance outside. We found, nevertheless, so much to interest us in it (the conversation included of the gallant kinsman of the family, who was so kind as to be our cicerone) that, as is too often the case with something one is bent upon recollecting, we forgot to ask for the chamber in which Addison died. We believe, however, it is among the few apartments that are not shown. Among those which are is Charles Fox's- bedroom that of Mr. Rogers (a frequent visitor with a poet's view over the country towards Harrow and that of Sheridan. in the next room, to which a servant was regularly in attendance all night ; partly we believe to furnish a bottle of champagne to the thirsty orator in case he should happen to call for one betwixt his slumbers (at least we heard so a long while ago, and it was quite in keeping with his noble host's hospitality ;. but we forgot to verify the anecdote on this occasion and partly (of this there is no doubt to secure the bed curtains from being set on fire by his candle. A pleasanter apartment to contemplate, was the one in which Lord Holland used to hear his children say their lessons, and induct them into the beauties of Spencer-an unexpected trait in the predilections of a man of letters brought up in the town tastes of the eighteenth century. But his Uncle Charles was fond of Spenser and so was Burke, and the great Earl of 1 Chatham. It is difficult to hinder great men from discerning the merits of greatness. The poetry of Spenser was to their other books what their parks and retirements were to the town itself. The library must originally have been a place for exercise s for, in its first condition, it appears to have been scarcely anything but windows; and it is upwards of ninety feet long by only seventeen feet four inches wide, and fourteen feet seven inches in height. The moment one enters it, one looks at the two ends, and thinks of the tradition about Addison's pacing in it to and fro. It represents him as meditating his Spectators between two bottles of wine, and comforting his ethics by taking a glass of each, as he arrived at either end of the room. The regularity of this procedure is, of course, a jest; but the main circumstance is not improbable, though Lord Holland seems to have thought otherwise. He says (for the words in Faulkner's Kensington are evidently his), " Fancy may trace the exquisite humour which en- lives his papers to the mirth inspired by wine ; but there is too much sober good sense in all his lucubrations, even when he indulges most in pleasantry, to allow us to give implicit credit to a tradition invented probably as an excuse for intemperance by such us can empty two bottles of wine, but never produce a Spectator or Freeholder." The collection of books is celebrated for its abundance of Italian and Spanish authors, the former in particular. Among the curiosities in other languages are an Editio Princeps of Homer, which belonged to Fox ; a copy of the same poet belonging to Sir Isaac Newton, with a stick in his handwriting on the fly- leaf; and a singularly interesting one of Camoens, which it is alleged must have been in the hands of the poet himself. At the bottom of the title- page is a painful corroboration of the statements respecting his end. It is an old Spanish hand, stating, that the writer " saw him die in a hospital, without even a blanket to cover him." " He did this,"," says he, after having triumphed in the East (Comocns served in various expeditions,) and traversed five thousand five hundred leagues of ocean; and all for what, but to study day and night to no better purpose than spiders to catch flies?" There are several curious manuscripts in the library, particularly three autograph letters of Petrarch, three autograph plays of Lope de Vega, the original copy of a play of the younger Moreton, and the music of Me testator's Olimpiade beautifully written out by Jean Jacques Rousseau, at the time when that "shaker of the thrones of Europe" got his livelihood by work of that kind. The collection of pictures is not remarkable, except as containing a greater number of portraits of men of letters, Italians in particular, than is to be found perhaps in any other private abode. Among them is Addison when he was young (a handsome face) ; Alfieri (in miniature), the Italian tragic poet, who was some time in England; his wife (another miniature), the Countess of Albany, widow of the Pretender (a princess of the House of Stolberg) ; Sir Phillip Francis ; Robespierre (miniature), with his part insignificant look on which nobody would have guessed that so much tragedy was hanging ; Jerome Bonaparte (a narrow-minded repulsive countenance) ; two portraits, large and small, if we mistake not, of the Duchess of Portsmouth (Louise de Querouaille, Charles the Second's mistress), quite making out, in one of them, the " baby face, of which Evelynaccuses her (nobody would have taken her for an ancestress of the manly visaged Foxes) ; many portraits of the rest of the family ; a fine one of Talleyrand, by Schroter, and one by Gerard, of Napoleon at Fontainebleau. There are also busts of Napoleon, of Machiavelli, and of Henry the Fourth, the last " looking like a goat ;" a curious painting by Sir Joshua Reynolds, consisting of whole length portraits of Charles Fox when a youth with his fair relatives, Lady Sarah Lennox and Lady Susan Strangways and another, by Hogarth, representing Dryden's play of the Indian Emperor, performed by children, one of whom is a grand-niece of Sir Isaac Newton, whose bust is on the chimney-piece, The play was performed for the amusement of the Duke of Cumber- berland, who is seated accordingly and the governess playing with one of the children is Lady Deloraine. We now come, not only to the possessors of the present house, but to those of the one that preceded it and therefore must go a good way back before we return to the Foxes. We have seen in a former article, that with the exception of an Anglo-Saxon in the time of Edward the Confessor, of whom nothing further is mentioned, and of the Bishop of Coutances, to whom William the Conqueror gave it with power to alienate the De Veres, Earls of Oxford, were the earliest recorded possessors of the manor of Kensington, and seated probably on the spot in question. It is not ascertained that such was the case ; but as the property was valuable, was convenient in.. its neighbourhood to London, and seems to be implied as residential in the name of the adjoining locality, Earl's Court, that is to say, the Court for administering the Earl's property or jurisdiction, it is extremely improbable that none of the family ever occupied it. It was associated with their name from the time of William the Conqueror to that of James the First. Aubrey de Vere, its first holder under the Bishop, must needs have visited his property some time or other, or for what did he come with the Conqueror into England The ancient manor house that stood not far from the present Holland House, must have been built for somebody '; and visions of Aubrey and his successors, however transient, naturally present themselves to the eye of the local antiquary. This Aubrey de Vere came from Holland with the first William, as countrymen of his did afterwards with William the Third. He died, however, a monk ; perhaps out of penitence for the wrongs which he had committed as a soldier. The title of Earl of Oxford came into the family with his grandson. Almost all his successors were stirring soldiers and influential subjects. One of them, was a Magna Charta baron ; another a commander at the battles of Cressy and Poictiers ; another at Agincourt ; another was the great lord who received Henry the Seventh at his house with such a magnificent show of retainers, and who notwithstanding his having been one of the chief instruments in setting that money-scraper on the throne, was fined by his sharp-eyed and shabby visitor, for entertaining him at a cost beyond the law. The family branched out into many worthies, a daughter of one of whom, the surry. Vere" of some noble verses by Marvell, was the Lady Fairfax who gave that brave contradiction, in Westminster Hall, to the assertion that all the people of England were in letters of Charles the First-" No ! not the hundredth part of them." In short, the word Vere was almost synonymous in English history with whatever was noble and dignified, when in its twentieth Earl of Oxford it came to a sorry end in the person of a profli- gate time-servers, who accommodated himself to every event in succession-Tory, Commonwealth, and Whig and crowned his anti heroic achievements by cheating an actress with a false marriage. The Ken- sington property, however, was saved the disgrace of belonging to this scoundrel for he died long after it had been carried, by a co-heiress, into the families of Argyle and others, who sold it to Sir Walter Cope, the builder of Holland House. But before we part with the Veres we have a quarrel to pick with the whole of them, or rather with their name, and with the Vere, whoever he was, who first gave their motto, Vero nihil cries nothing truer than true that is to say, punkahs speaking, Nothing more veritable than Vere. For the fact is saving their lordships' valours (and we think we see their dust redden as we say it but it is the inventor's fault, not ours the motto is false. Vere does not mean " true." The family came from Holland ; the word in Dutch is written Weerite is the name of the place in the isle of Walcheren, which the owners quitted for drier quarters ; and the words means neither more nor less than the same word in English-weir or wear, that to say, a dam, fish trap, or flood-gate. " Aubrey de Vere is as fine an aristocratical sound as can well be imagined, and it is a pity to spoil it but truth must be told. Aubrey de Vere means Aubrey of the dam, fish trap, or flood-gate. In short, the Veres originated with coasters or others, whoever they were-a hardy, painstaking race. It may be added, to complete the notice of the cases, that the present representative of the race is the Beauclerk family, the daughter of the last lord having married the first Duke of St. Albans, the son of Charles the Second by Nell Gwynn. The two fathers, it is to be feared, helped to spoil for a time, the blood of the actress for Sydney Beauclerk, their grandson (father of Johnson's Topham Beauclerk) is said to 'Rave been as great a " raf" as either of them, without inheriting any of the royal wit. This could not be said of Topham, however he might have resembled the king in more respects than one for though Johnson, in one of the most extraordinary compliments on record, told him his body was all vice, he added that his mind was all virtue ;" a combination of totals which, to the doctor's surprise, Beauclerk did not seem happy to admit. But we are losing sight of Holland House. Sir Walter Cope, the purchaser of the Vere property in Kensington, seems to have been one of the money getters, who profited by the endeavours which James the First made to supply his lavish ex- chequer without the help of a Parliament. He built the house, or rather the main body of the house (the centre and turrets), about the year sixteen hundred and seven, and bequeathed it to Henry Rich, Earl of Holland, as the husband of his daughter and heiress, Isabella. The wings and arcades were added by the Earl. This Earl of Holland was the younger son of Robert Rich, first Earl of Warwick, by Penelope, daughter of Queen Elizabeth's Earl of Essex, the Stella of Sir Phillip Sydney. He was a handsome, showy man was a favourite with James- favourite, the Duke of Buckingham and had the reputation of being in the good graces of Charles the First's queen ; probably for no other reason than his having fetched her as a bride from France, and been coxcombical in his attentions on the way. He and his friend, Hay, Earl of Carlisle, wore the twin stars of the great world, next after their patron Buckingham: and Holland House, during the prosperous portion of Rich's career, must have entertained in its saloons all the rank and fashion of the time. Among others came Bassompierre, the French Ambassador, who with the dandy indifference of his countrymen respecting the orthographies of other countries, or being too fine a gentleman to hear the word properly from the first, has recorded Kensing- ton under the mincing appellation ofStintiuton. Wednesday 25. Dined j ester day with the Earl of Holland at Stintinton."* Unfortunately, Rich's coxcombs made him over sensitive to what he thought attentions or the reverse from ruling powers, and in the Civil War he went to and fro in his partisanship with so provoking a caprice, now playing the part of a knight-errant for tying and queen, and now sinking at Holland House, and receiving visits from the disaffected for some imaginary affront, that when the Parliament at last seized him and put him to death, for making a stand against the death of the king, his end was a grief to nobody. Foppish to the last, he died in a white satin waistcoat, and cap ditto with silver lace, Five months after the earl's execution Holland House was occupied by the Parliamentary General Fairfax, husband of the starry Vere," who thus found herself, under very extraordinary circumstances, contemplating the property of her ancestors. At this period we are to suppose Cromwell and Ireton conferring on the lawn. The mansion, however, was soon restored to the earl's widow and her children and from that time it remained quietly in the possession of the family, almost as long as they lasted. The earl and his wife, like the extinguished court, had been friends of the drama and for a few days during the first establishment of the republic, and a longer period in the reign of Cromwell, the players, who had been great loyalists, and who contrived to perform secretly now and then at noble- men's houses, where purses were collected for their benefit, 'found special encouragement in the house differs li"! From the Restoration to the time of the Georges, Holland House appears to have been let by the noble owners on short leases, and to a variety of persons ; sometimes in apartments to lodgers ; or, more probably a friend was now and then accommodated for nothing. The most interesting of its temporary lodgers was Morice's friend Shippen, the famous Jacobite, immortalised by Pope for his sincerity. "I love to pour out all in javelins plain As downright Shippen, or as old Montaigne ; In them, as certain to be loved as seen, The soul stood still, nor kept a thought within." No wonder that such a man drew houses when he spoke in Parliament, and that none but the stupid kept away. More loves the youth, just come to his estate, To range the fields, than in the House debate More he delights in fav'rite Fowler's tongue, Than in Will Shippen, or Sir William Yonge." Jlraiiiton'i Art of Politics. Very different persons, however, were honest Will Shippen and unprincipled William Yonge, of whom Sir Robert Walpole said that " nothing but his talents A could have supported his character, and nothing but his character have kept down his talents." Shippen had talents and character both-the latter of the highest description. Though not so poor as Andrew Marvell, nor on minor points, perhaps, so uncompromising, he was nevertheless to the Whigs of the reign of George the First what Marvell had been to the tories of Charles and James-the eloquent, witty, open-hearted, and upon the whole incor- reputable partisan. When asked how he should vote, he would say, " I cannot tell until I hear from Rome." At Rome resided the Pretender. Sir Robert Walpole observed of him, and of Parliament in general, "I will not say who are to be corrupted, but I will say who is incorruptible and that is Shippen." Shippen, in turn, would say of Sir Robert, " Robin and I are two honest men. He is for King George, and I for King James; but those men with the long cravats (meaning Sandys, Rush, out, and others) they only desire places, either under King George or King James" He was sent to the Tower for saying of King George (who could not speak English), that " the only infelicity of his Majesty's reign was, that he was unacquainted with our language and constitution." Both sides of the House wished him to soften the expression, but he declined. The Prince of Wales, afterwards George the Second, who was at variance with the king, sent a person to him with the offer of a thousand pounds (as a " convenience," we suppose, during his imprisonment) ; but-it was not to be expected that he who would not subject himself to influence for love would do it for money. Sir Robert Walpole intercepted a letter written to him by the Pretender, and put it himself, into his hands. It must have been of a description more than usually perilous, considering how openly Shippen talked of his correspondence with the exile. Sir Robert took the opportunity of saying that he did not expect to alter the other's sentiments, but would hope for his support in case of being personally attacked. To this Ship- pen agreed, but remained in all other respects the same man. He was son of a country clergyman, and possessed a moderate independance ; but married a Northumberland heiress, who turned out unworthy of him. In sixteen hundred and eighty-nine, King William the Third went to look at Holland House, with the view of taking it but he preferred the house of the Earl of Nottingham, which thus became the palace. Probably, however, the rooms were larger in the Nottingham house, and so were better to begin with. Perhaps also William did not find the grounds about Holland House flat enough to suit his Dutch predilections. Nothing seems known of Robert, second Earl of Holland, who had quietly succeeded his father, except that, in failure of the elder branch of the family, he also succeeded as fifth Earl of Warwick, the title being thenceforth the conjoined one of Warwick and Holland. His son and successor, Edward, married Charlotte, daughter of Sir Thomas Middleton of Chirk Castle in the county of Flint ; a lady, whose name and origin we mention, because after the earl's death she became the wife of Addison. Edward Henry her son, the next card, is the youth whose statue in Ken- sington church has been noticed in a former article. He was succeeded by another Edward, his kinsman and the daughter and only child of this nobleman dying unmarried, the title became extinct. This was in the year seventeen hundred and fifty-nine. The house fell into the possession of his cousin, William Edwardes, a Welsh gentleman, whose father had married the daughter of the first Earl of Warwick and Holland, and who, in the year seventeen hundred and seventy-six, was created Baron Kensington ; but fourteen years previous he had sold the * Po, on a visit to him at Hampton Court, he calls the village Lagincourt Went to see the Earl of Holland, who was sick at Initincourt. i (Le Yondi ody 10. to us your le Compte de Hollands, mulatto a Imtincourt. Le Mercer! 25sec his diner chez le Comte de Rounds a Stintiuton. family mansion to the first Lord Holland of the Fox family, by whom the title had been consequently allowed to be taken and in the possession of this distinguished race it remains. Addison, notwithstanding the popularity of the Foxes, is still the greatest celebrity of Holland House. His death in it is its greatest event Places in the vicinity are named after him and the favourite record of its library is the tradition, before mentioned, of the bottle of wine at each end of it, by which he is said to have refreshed his moralities, while concocting their sentences to and fro. It is added, unfortunately, that Addison drank the more because he was unhappily married. The question is still discussed, and will probably never be settled. The received opinion is, that Addison's marriage with the Countess of Warwick originated in his being tutor to her son that the Countess became ashamed of it, as a descension from her rank and that their lives were rendered unhappy inconsequence. The prevalence of this opinion appears to be owing to Johnson's Lives of the Poets, in which the case is stated with so evident a willingness to believe it, that people in general, who are ready enough to fall in with such an inclination, have overlooked the manifest assump- tion on which it is founded, and the " said" and " perhaps" with which it is qualified. Setting aside higher points of view on such questions, there is, in fact, no proof that Addison was tutor to the young Earl, or that the Countess felt any regret for the marriage on the score of rank. Tutorship, had he been a tutor, need not have hindered him from being a pleasant husband. Tutors have married highly, before and since, and have become lords and archbishops and though the lady was a countess by marriage, her birth was but that of a baronet's daughter. The truth of the matter we take to have been, that the match was unsuitable on very ordinary grounds. The lady was well and merry ; the gentleman fit only to muse Addison died at the end of three years. And hence (as Johnson would have been the first to say, had any- body provoked him to differ with the other opinion) hence all this mighty fuss, sir, about a tutor, and a countess, and the punctilious of rank. Mighty versions are often given to things that have quite another significance, It has been questioned of late under what real impulse another circumstance occurred, which is connected with Addison and Hol- land House. We allude to the famous words which he is said to have addressed in his last moments to the young Earl of Warwick : " See in what peace a Christian can die." The story originated with Young, who said he had it from Tickell ; adding, that the Earl led an irregular life, and that Addison wished to reclaim him. But according to Malone, who was a scrupulous inquirer, there is no evidence of the Earl's having led any such life and Walpole, in one of his letters that were published not long ago, startled-we should rather say shocked the world, by telling them that Addison " died of brandy." It is acknowledged by his best friends, that the gentle moralist, whose bodily temperament was as sorry a one as his mind was otherwise, had gradually been tempted to stimulate it with wine, until he became intemperate in the indulgence. It is impossible to say what other stimulants might not gradually have crept in nor is it improbable that, during the patient's last hours, the physician himself might have ordered them. Addison, therefore, may have had some stimulus given him, whatever it was, not because he had contracted a habit which he could not leave off, and so " died of it," but because, like many a sober man before him, he had not strength enough to speak without it. Again, he might or might not have known the nature of the draught, yet still have regarded his peace of mind as a thing apart from the composure of his nerves, and justly founded on what had been a conviction of his life. He might have said to himself, " Nothing can compose me longer, but my religious belief. Let me show in this last trial how tranquilising it can be." It is in vain that we fancy the light spirit of Walpole laughing at us for these considerations-saying to us, "Oh, what need of words ? He died drunk and maudlin, and there's an end." We cannot thus consent to think the worst, instead of best of a man who has given the world so much instruction and entertainment, and whose Christianity, at all events, was of a kind superior to vulgar intolerance, and who was disposed to think the best of most things. Good words are good things ; yet good deeds are better. Addison, we doubt not, had his rights of comfort from both ; yet there is one thing we could have preferred his doing in his last hours to anything which he may have said. It is the amends which for some mysterious reason or other, he said he would have made to Gay,'" if he lived " The story as related by Pope, is that " a fortnight before Addison's death, Lord Warwick came to Gay, and pressed him in a very particular manner to KO and see Mr. Addison, which he had not done for a great while. Gay went, and found Addison in a very weak way. Addison received him in the kindest manner, and told him that he had desired this visit to beg his pardon that he had injured him greatly ; but that if he lived, he should find that he would make it up to him. Gay, on his going to Hanover, had great reasons to hope for some good preferment ; but all those views came to nothing. It is not impossible but that Mr. Addison might prevent them, from his thinking Gay too well with some of the former Ministry. He did not at all explain himself in what he had injured him and Gay could not guess at anything else in which he could have injured him so considerably." Now it surely would have been better, if instead of stopping at Gay's pardon of him, which of course the good-natured poet heartily gave (we fancy we see him coming out of Holland House with tears in his eyes), Addison had followed it up with making the amends while he could ; or, better still, had he secured the amends beforehand, in order to warrant his asking the parties. It may be said, that he might have been unable. Perhaps so. But still he might have given proofs that he had done his best. Addison, it must he owned, did not shine during his occupation of Holland House. He married, and was not happy ; he was made Secretary of State, and was not a good one he was in Parliament, and could not speak in it he quarrelled with, and even treated con- sumptuously, his old friend and associate, Steele, who declined to return the injury. Yet there, in Holland House, he lived and wrote, nevertheless, with a literary glory about his name which never can desert the place and to Holland House, while he resided in it, must have come all the distinguished men of the day for though a Whig, he was personally " well in," as the phrase is, with the majority of all parties. He was in communication with Swift, who was a Tory, and with Pope, who was neither Tory nor Whig, It was now that the noose and its owners began to appear in verse. Rowe addressed stanzas to Addison's bride and Tickell after his death thus touchingly apostle- pRIZes the place Then hill, whose brow the antique strictures grace, Rear'd by bold chiefs of Warwick's noble race ; Why, once so loved, whene'er thy power appears, O'er my dim eyeballs glance the sudden tears." It seems to have been in Holland House, (for he died shortly afterwards), that Addison was visited by Milson's daughter, when he requested her to bring him some evidences of her birth. The moment he beheld her, he exclaimed, " Madam, you need no other voucher ; your face is a sufficient testimonial whose daughter you are." It must have been very pleasing to Addison to befriend Milson's daughter for he had been the first to popularize the great poet by his critiques on Paradise Lost in the Spectator. _ Besides Holland House, Addison possessed a mansion of his own at Bilton in Warwickshire, which was afterwards occupied by his daughter, who lived to a great age. he deserved to possess a good house and grounds for he understood the elegancies of such things, and the tranquil pleasures of the country. The illustrious inhabitant of Kensington watched with interest the improvement of the royal grounds in that a quarter and was the first to propose that " Winter j Garden" to horticulturists in general, which we trust i to see realized, with a world of other desirable, in the great structure at Sydenham. 