. -?? .?-? -???? ?:-?-: -MISSIONS OF CHINA. , Let us glance summarily at the internal circum stances of this church of China. Persecution sat upon the throne, towards the end of the 18th century. The frontiers were blockaded, oppression pursued its intermittent attacks in the provinces, and .the most select of the Christians were in exile. proscribed missioners, whose presence was every where felt' like the soul in the body which it animates. Some of them held seats in the tribunal ?of mathematics,— a sort of lazaretto of honour, where precautions were taken to check the conta gion of their zeal. Viewed externally, as regards its relations with the 'Christian Metropolis, the Chinese mission seemed still more imperilled. Hitherto it had con stantly found in ics days of trial a foreign hand stretched forth to support its weakness, jjut nowj when it tottered and stretched f.rth its. arms towards Europe, hope, hitherto unabated, encoun-; it.er.ed disappointment for the first ,time, and the mission grew astonished at the fact that ship's from the west no longer were engaged in the holy but prohibited 'service of furtively landing missioners of salvation. The reason was, that beyond seas its We-spri.ngs had been dried up. Having bf-en ?uprooted with violence from the old soils of Catho licity, the nurseries of the apostleship no longer existed. Europe, assuming the soldier instead of the missionei, surnmened to the battle-field those hands* that would have preferably conveyed bles sings, and, a great deficiency arising* among the clergy, the eastern church, which had been too inticn habituated to depend on it, seemed verging1 last to ruin. Iii order to encounter this interior crisis and foreign dereliction, the ecclesiastical strength and organization of China at this epoch was as follows : All its missions were divided into three principal 'Vicariates and three Bishoprics. The first con sisted of that of Chan-si, directed by the Italian Franciscans of the Propaganda, whose seminary is at Naples : it included four provinces in the north west of the empire, and comprised about sixty thousand Christians. The second, that of Fo-kien, oil the south-east coast, which was confided to Spanish Dominicans, who came from Manilla, where they had their clerical establishments and reserves : this Christian congregation, which was one of the jnost .nourishing and free of all, comprised about forty thousand faithful. The third was that of Su-tchuen, which then comprised the whole western frontier, from Tong-King to Thibet, and was ministered by the Congregation of Foreign Missions. [Besides the central college, (now at Pulo Penang) a noviciate established upon the spot provided, a supply of native clergy, and constituted the hope of sixty thousand Neophytes. Pekin, Nankin, and Macao, with a total population of a hundred and shirty thousand souls, were the sees of three '?? Bishoprics. We should add to this summary the IVench Lazarists, who had been appointed by Koine ^succeed the dissolved Jesuits, and who were to ...tie found, like the Jesuits, wheresoever this gloVious inheritance summoned them, whetherj literati at 'jourtor missioners iu Chan-si and Kiang-nan, cunfessora in the prisons, or directors of the national priesthood at Pekin and Macao. In .this state of things, the Chinese church, being reduced to her own resources, was faithful to herself. Besides, God aided her courage, and He permitted neither general nor long-continued per secutions ; so that when the neophytes were at tacked at one point, they breathed freely at another, and restorative tranquillity presently succeeded after evil days. Thus, in 1800, Catholic worship was publicly exhibited in all its pomp at Pekin, a fed Corpus Christi was celebrated there with solemnities which at that time were prohibited in more than one Christian capital. A procession of the blessed sacrament took place under the eyes of the mandarins ; a Bishop, whose locks were silvered by toils and age, missioners of evwy nation, and native pupils surrounded by thousands of neophy tes, thronged round to tender their homage, and whilst the pious procession wa& advancing the pagan? stood silent admirers of the majesty of oui aereraonies. What is more astonishing, the first synod ever assembled in China held its sittings regularly between two storms raging in the province of Su icbuen, which was subjected to the most crue! ordeal of all. Fourteen Priests assisted at it, Their president became a martyr, and was then t Bishop, and they hastily laid the foundation of ar edifice which many were going to cement wit! their blood ; and they expressed the inspirations o their zeal in statutes which Piome subsequently proposed to Chinese missioners as the best rule the] could follow in the exercise of the holy ministry. Their work was scarcely completed when a per secution, caused by the discovery of the Map re i'erred to in our last issue scattered them. Yet, however disastrous this persecution may be the glory resulting from it preponderates over thi ruin. To cite one single example : what ai admirable scene was the death of his Lordshi] Taurin Dufresse, who sealed with martyrdom hi thirtv-nine yeais of apostleship ! He had beei condemned on the 14th [September, 18 15, by a sen tenie of the viceroy of Su-tchuen, to be beheade- without delay. More than thirty Cnristians, whi were hitherto unshaken in their faith, were le- forth from prison in order to accompany thei Bishop to the place of punishment, for it was hopei that the shedding of their pastor's blood wouli intimidate the flock. When the victim was handei over to the executioner the mandarins pointed ou to the confessors the cross for their profanation o the scaffold awaiting them, and summoned then i'or the last time to make their election. But the cast themselves at the feet of their Bishop, askei /or absolution and prepared for death. One alon remained standing, the courage of the others con soling the prelate for his defection. He conjure them to follow the example he was going to giv shein, stretched forth his shackled hands over thin: absolved them from their faults, and then with jo anticipating that of Heaven, he presents his head to the executioner. It fel- at a single, stroke ; and at the skht of the blood streaming down the mutilated remains of their master, the thirst of martyrdom arose in . their souis, and 'they solicited on their knees for that death which they had been promised. They only obtained exile. ' ? '. ? ??...? In the subsequent year Pius the VII., when announcing the virtue' of the holy Bishop, pro claimed aloud his death as ' precious before God ! A 'death, the recital of .which,' added the illustrious Pontiff, 'has affected us to the bottom of our heart ! When perusing it we thought we wn-e reading a page of the annals of the primitive church.' This eulogium of a martyr from the lips of- a confessor again associated two names so worthy of each other. Both had been imprisoned for the same cause; -they had exhibited' under imperial tyranny the spectacle of similar courage in their grey hairs ; both had maintained by their example in captivity the faith of a great. people ; the trials of both ended at the same time. The Pontiff and Confessor triump.antly ascended the steps of his throne in order to continue to bless the world, whilst the Bishop and martyr ascended to heaven in order to continue to protect China. After the death ©f Kia-king, the reign of his' son, Tao-Kouang, was ushered in by renewals of the edicts of his predecessors against Christians, and we have seen him in. our time butchering them by wholesale hi the face of the whole empire. We must hope that in future that providential hand which coerced him to dismember them, will not permit him to lacerate the remnant. But much bloody was. requisite in order to extinguish for ever the tire of persecution. At the beginning of the new reign it flowed abundantly, although after wards to less amount, and fear seemed to have checked the persecution during these latter years ; but whilsfthose events were impending that ware to close thg'.-sage of martyrs in China, the sword smote with redoubled activity. Its last victim was a man of incomparable purity, and who deserved to crown the glorious hecatomb. Mr, Perboyre, who was executed upon the 11th of September, 1840, exhibited a sacrifice containing all the requisites of an expiatory immolation. Such was the majesty of his virtue combined with a life of extreme innocence that his judges were induced to inquire whether he was not some incarnate god. His calm serenity in torments forced his executioners to exclaim from their disability to extort from him one single sigh, ' He has the secret of not suffering !' / Before entering into this new era, which rather promises than affords real toleration, some specific details seem useful to us for a due appreciation of the state of each mission at the time they were emancipated from secular oppression. The scene is here perpetually shifting : although the law was uniform in its rigour, the tribunals varied their decisions, and the caprice of the mandarins multi plied exceptions, so that often times tranquillity prevailed on one side of a province and the storm .rage4 on the other. This explains that apparent contradiction sometimes noticed in the letters of the missioners, like the diversity of subjects em braced 'in one picture. Two general characteristics prevail in this epoch. Firstly, the apostleship in China was rather con servative of its acquisitions than b'entou fresh con quests. This was a sufficiently glorious task for the evangelic labourers, although their desires were not limited to it ; i'or without their exertions the sparks of faith scattered over this vast empire would soon have become extinct A second characteristic common to the majority of Chinese Christians is excessive timidity, which renders more admirable in them the heroism of virtue, but which also multiplies lapses and defec r tions. It is true, that if they apostatise in presence ' of the mandarin, this is to be attributed to the . failure of their courage, not of their religious belief. When they return to the bosoms of their families ? they immediately resume the exercise of the religion they have abjured without ceasing to cherish. \- Unfortunately, after a first act of pusillanimity ? they become more tremblingly alive to danger, and the contagion of their fear spreads discouragement ? around them. Besides these general and permanent features of ? Chinese Christian congregations, there is a further ' family resemblance, giving a mournful complexion ? of suffering to these sisters of oppression. Every 1 thing else is of a local character, and varies in 1 each individual. The missioner finds opposite 1 extremes after he has proceeded a few days in his r excursions. His first sep in the celestial empire is ? the most dangerous. Canton watches with the t vigilance and severity of outposts ; the transit of an apostle is spied there like that of an enemy. ? The fact of his being a foreigner, a Christian, a ? minister of the gospel, entitles him to become a prey haunted and pursued by suspicion and liable j to seizure. His sole protection consists in mysteri 3 ous concealment.- But having once reached the 1 verge of Kouang-tong, he may proceed freely as a ? European down the slope of the mountain he had s ascended in Chinese costume. ' When I touched 1 the province of Kiang-si,1' wrote Rev, Dr Hue in \- 1841, ' I experienced something similar to the 1 emotions of an exile returning to his native land. 0 All the neophytes in the neighbourhood went tc ^ greet me after the eastern fashion. I spent with r them the solemnity of Easter in the Christian con & gregation of Kiou-Ton, a peaceful and secludec Lt spot whero the missiouer usually resides. Abov- d the village and on the summit of an eminenc- 1 crowned with large trees, the hGuse qf God ii r erected. As in Europe, the blessed sacrament wai a exposed there upon Holy Thursday, and as long ai Y it remained upon the altar the women came during & the day to sing in chorus the Way of the Cross e In the evening they were succeeded by the men ? who likewise repeated their pious canticles during d the whole night. At length, upon Easter Sunday e fireworks announced to the pagans of the valle; '5 that the adorers of the Master of Heaven kept tha \- day as one ef jubilee and festivity. Adjoining this Christian oasis, where piety is so h free as to be unapprehensive of giving loud vent to v its expression, Ho-nan presents symptoms of fear a calculated rather to excite our pity than justify tl palliation. Although persecution is not mooted w here, the faithful grow alarmed at everything ; in o their-eyes evei'y neophyte is a Judas, every pagan o aspy; if the missiorier himself desires a good re- c ception, he must become the prisoner of whomso- c ever gives him an asylum. They scarcely venture t to come at night in order to make an anaual con- ti fession, and after assisting once at the hjly sacri- p fice, they repair back for one year to their viilage, c where everything they see, hear, and breathe is p paganish. Who can state how short the distance t and how rapid the slide from this insulation to t apostacy ? ' i] Menaced moie seriously^ but also better .trained a to combat, the church of Su-tchuen seemed in- t different to the edicts of death, as it was absorbed t in the anguishes of misery and famine. Besides f the police here have quite enough to occupy them S in the pursuit of the hungry banditti that spread n conflagration and plunder os'er the whole province, fi As to the Christians, they are victims resigned to the scourge ; sometimes they, drag themselves in ( numbers like walking skeletons to the feet of the d priest to ask him for extreme unction reserved for o the dying, as they have eaten nothing for three or ^ four days back. At the lyght i;f such faith, that r neither fails before the exhibition of torments noi t the excess of misery, the dispositions of more than c one mandarin have undergone a change in favour r. of. the neophytes, and the viceroy of Su-tchuen « heretofore declared that he would have no liesita- t tiou in becoming a Christian if he could reconcile the gospel with his functions. t Hou-Kouatig, in the eentraof the empire, exhibits c the spectacle of the same distress combined with i the same fervour. The haughty and ferocious .s disposition of the natives is an additional peculiarity 1 in Chang-tong ; their hostility is ever on the alert I to seize upon the smallest pretext as a motive of a oppression. The Christians residing there are few i in number, persecuted and wretched. Their i chapels amounting to six, are straw and ?mud t built hovels ; the doors and windows are shapeless t holes; the bare ground is the flooring: and1 the t altar consists of a table that might formerly have - been of some use, but has become worn, worm- * eaten, and ricketty, although repaired over and - over again. Two sticks placed transversely upon t this table form the cross. A bo«'l unfit Cor further - use is placed on both sides, and instead of candle- - sticks, holds two tapers blackened i»y filth and age. ] This constitutes the whole pomp of the church,' t when the pastor and his flock convene to celebrate - the holy mysteries, in the bosom of darkness, and . - with that silence which becomes proscribed parties, i The oratories in Chan-si are quite as poor and not so numerous ; in a district of forty-one parishes - yoii will scarcely find a single chapel. But the .: courage oV the neophytes thinks little of a distance . ' of thirty leagues when they know where a minister ' ofvthe gospel is to be found. Nothing stops them'.. ! in such circumstances. With beads in their hands and a small silver cross hung round their necks, i or having on their hats four Chinese letters, con-, veying an invocation of the Holy Ghost,, both i women and children resolutely face the privations - : and peri/ls of so long a journey. i The mission of Fo- Kien enjoyed for ;i long period - tranquillity unknown to the other provinces. The mariner,- frequenting the coast of this idolatrous : empire, hailed with 'astonishment the cross peering upon its eminences, and viilage evening hymns i announced to a distance that thousands of biethren prayed with us at the feet of the same God. These consolatory emblems had vanished iu 1 837- No church or even secluded dwelling of the Christians escaped the fury of the Chinese mandarins ; the neophytes everywhere were loaded with chains. The missioners flying to the mountains, hid them selves in woods, marshes, or the cavities of rocks. And the holy Bishopj who traces this sketch for us from the depth of a cavern lighted by a wretched lamp, and hauiued by police commissioned to seize him for capital punishment, added, ' I have left the fissure where 1 was stationed ; this is the sixth cavern which, within a few months, has served as an asylum to me in my seventy-fifth year.' Kiang nan, on the contrary, has all the advan tages that are not to be found in the majority of the missions. Toleration diere is near akin to freedom ; its neophytes are both rich and generous ; three religious orders and two hundred chapels administer to the wants of a population consisting of sixfey-three thousand souls. The pagans here find their curiosity entertained by assisting at the holy ceremonies, that they have no inducement to disturb them, and complete security is ensured by the authorities protecting the Christians against calumny, and ostentatiously proclaiming them to be faithful subjects of the emperor. Such are the very great advantages enjoyed by the church of Nankin1 One-third of its population consists of fishermen, living by their nets. They assemble at evening in the middle of the river in order to sing in chorus our holy prayers. They then row off in their boats to each side of the river for a temporary shelter, and coast along those banks which are most frequented by some man of God. If they have the happiness to meet a Priest, all the boats assemble at a given signal around the largest, which serves for a chapel. An altar is erected by the catechists in the centre of this floating island, and God descends into the hands of his minister, in order to communicate Himself to all his children that come around in their canoes to receive Him. He must be pleased at their adora tions, for they proceed from a heart never tarnished by the breath of the passions. All these churches are variously circumstanced, ar.d some expand freely to the sun, whilst others veil themseivts to breathe .freely in the shade of death ; sume bend under the load of fetters, whilst others sink resigned in famine, or glitter under the sword of martyrdom. But there is one work wh^ch i . ? as cast deep root in every direction, and is culti ated by every hand with equal love ; !hope thrives round it as if the common deliverance was to be lie fruit ripening at its maturity. This ? angelic ork' is that of the baptism of the dying children f China. Our readers are aware of the multitude f new-born children whom their pagan mothers ast awajr into sinks. The Right llev.., Dr. Pero heau writes, 'Their own parents annually expose ? liem in millions to become the food of dogs and wives. , Tl;e authorities view it with indifferenre. ublic opinion encourages it ; religion alone feels pneern at it.' Pious women, inspired by charity, roceed through the streets to rescue from death hese innocent victims, and open to them by baptism he gates of heaven ; or they Collect the' orphans u charitable reception houses founded by the poor, nd having no other endowment than tjie alms of he associates. The results obtained throughout he whole empire may be estimated by this single act, that in less than nine years the mission of Su-tchuen alone has regenerated two hundred and linety-eight thousand seven hundred and ninety ive of these young predestined souls. Now, the missioners deemed this the ransom Christianity paid for China. The debt seemed liminished on earth in proportion to the amount if the additional tributes tendered to heaven. Vhen it had been peopled by these innocent gene itions, when the voice of all these little ones cried o the heart of God in conjunction with the Mood -f mart) is, divine justice at length allowed itself to -e disarmed, and peace descended over those cradles »f thousands of children who had no other father ban the God of the Christians. Vague anticipations of impending events agitated he minds of all. The apostles diseerned it more slearly because they viewed it from a higher emi' tence.- '! I am now at the outposts of China, !l ;aid a young missioner who was destined to die jefore. entering it, ' of that China that drinks the )!ood of its prophets, and which, being satisfied yith its darkness, repels habitually the torch which s presented to it. But if the voice of reason has lot been able to level its barriers, so as to admit his torrent of people who are rushing forward to .hat 'unity which has been foretold, not so with ;hat voice which shakes and scatters to j eices, vox wncutientis et covfringentis. Warlike men are ulvaiicirig to excute, unwittingly, the eternal iecrees upon this proud people. The cannon ;hunders. around the celestial empire; events a;e '.rov.ding fast, cities fall before the conqueror, and -ld prejudices will no doubt disappear with that -ower' which propped them. Are we then at the ;ve of beholding this Chinese people fraternising vith other nations ? Everything leads us to this ?onviction ; religion hopes it, policy demands it- : he cannon insists upon, and has already effected it.. Yes ! our boundaries are already enlarged, and in -neofmy walks I have passed one of those gates whereupon there seemed to be 'inscribed for ever, c* You shall. not pass!' I paused for a moment upon. Chinese soil, as if. to take possession of the lit'nd I' was to cultivate. It had be n long enough watered with the blood of missioners : may ti.e sweat,4, of apostles henceforth suffice it ! It is time iliac our voice, which has hitherto been captive, should be heard aloud in the public thoroughfares of its cities ; that light should at length scatter darkness, and the cross become honoured here as over the whole earth.' The cannon which the missioner heard thunder ing around China was English artillery. At the first blow from the British colossus, the whole empire shook like an old turret crumbling bjfore a battering engine ; five large breaches were made then that can never be closed again. These are wounds striking theheartof China, and are so many apertures whence flows its wealth and its life-blood is drained. It would not endure the disinterested apostle of salvation, and must now submit to the opium trader emptying his boxes of poison i.pjn the Chinese shoies, and filling them with that ^.old he thirsts for, and yet is ashamed of. This was the hour of chastisemena that tolled for that perse cuting nation ; God selected a Protestant hand to inflict it. But, in order to deliver his saints, and effect the work of reconciliation and liberty, he chose a Catholic instrument. France had a better right than any other country of Europe to this mission. France had made greater sacrifices than any other country, and evinced more perseverance in the struggle ; so it was but just that she should have the honour of signing the Christian peace, and that when Chinese paganism surrendered, it should deliver up its swoid to her who had so often crimsoned it with her generous blood, Two official despatches exchanged between^M,,.. deLagren^e, the French ambassador, and Ki-Yng7- the Chinese plenipotentiary, coi.tain the new coii ditiwns stipulated on bohalf of our brethern in the far East. The first is an imperial edict in the form of a '? respectful Petition' ('28th December, 1844) : the second, which is entitled a ' Matter for general ? publication' (August, 1845,) curries out more effectively the franchises previously accorded by the emperor. RESPECTFUL PETITION. ' Having seriously investigated the subject, we deem that the religion of the Lord of Heaven, which is professed with the greatest respect by the different kingdoms of the -west, has for its main object to allure men to good and turn them aside from evil. This is the reason why that, under the anterior Ming dynasty, during which the diffusion of this doctrine extended into the. empire, no prohibition was issued against it. Since that time, some individuals among the Chinese adherents of that religion abused of re ligion for evil purposes, and carried their excesses to the length of outraging women, and wickedly pulling out the eyes of the sick,* as appears l.y *- ' The Chinese character is visible.here in each ? liuc The viceroy palliated as well us he could ' ascertained facts and the chastisements inflicted ' by authority. Hence laws were enacted under a the reign of Kia-king to punish these1 several d crimes. Consequently, the original prohibition c in the empire was levelled against individuals ] who cldthed themselves with the mask of religion c in order to do evil, and no prohibition was ever 'r issued against the religion respectfully professed 'c :'by the 'different European kingdoms. I 'At present the French minister, Lagrenee, f asks that in future those Chinese who embrace a 'the Christian religion in order to do good may be f cxoepted from all culpability. Now, as .this is t practicable, it is my duty to address a respectful t petition to your majesty in order to supplicate f the favour being granted, that in future every in dividual without distinction, whether Chinese- or ;r foreigner, learning and practising the religion of t the iLord of Heaven 'Without availing himself. of £ it for evil 'purposes, may be exempt from, all cul- 1 pa d ility. , If,, however, it occurs that women are. c seduced,. or t the eyes torn out from the sick, or. ,] any other crime . committed, the old established $ laws shall be1 adhered to. ( 'As to the French and other strangers of the ?same religion, they are permitted^ build churches f and perform religious ceremonies'in the five com- j mercial ports alone ; but they are not allowed to ( penetrate arbitrarily -into 'the interior of the i .country in order to preach religion there. If, ?- however, anyindividuals disregard these treaties, i and, passing.the boundaries, circulate themselves 1 arbitrarily through the country, the local au- ] thorities, as soon as they have arrested such tres- 1 passers, ..shall immediately deliver them up to - their respective. consuls, who are to control and ( punislv them;,- but -no penalty of death or any i other; punishment shall be inflicted upon them, t in order that 'the imperial benevolence maybe c manifest to all, that the good may no longer be 1 confounded Svtth the wicked, and allsnay submit i peaceably to reason and the laws. c ' It became my duty ..to submit respectfully to t t lie emperor the petition praying'that the exercise, t of religion . may be deemed good and exempt t JVom all criminal imputation : 1 supplicate you ? to grant me the.favour that it may have its effect.' f This edict being approved of by the emperor f who signed it with his; red pencil, constituted, in r the estimation of 'the missioners a real revolution c in the interests of Christianity. Howerer, it c left still much to be desired. The calumnious y imputations which, it plausibly accredited ?cast a ^ blemish upon, and held out a threat to, the ^ neophytes. The abstract declaration in favour of f Catholicity -lett nothing decided regarding its £ worship and manifestation by external acts ; the ^ -erection of its temples was formally confined to . the five commercial ports-, lastly, the concessions were almost illusory in consequence of 'no im-, perative notification having been forwarded to all the governors. Fresh negociations were resumed in all quarters, and thence resulted the following declaration which seems to have terminated, to 'the satisfaction of ^the Christian \world,. the great work of the French legation. MATTER FOR 'GENERAL PUBLICATION. 'The ofneial document, importing that thos.e ?among the people who learn and practise the rc-- ligion of the Lord of Heaven for a good purpo se might be exempt from all culpability, having been made by me the subject of- a petition tha.tl formerly addressed to the. emperor, I, after the 'receipt of the imperial approbation, marked -with the red brush (respect this), took copies therefrom, ?which I communicated to thenoblemen governors, uuder-governors, and generals, in order that they might convey intelligence of it to all the n utho rities in the places subject to their jurisdiction, and that the latter should, respectfully conform to it, as is attested by the archives. ' Reflecting subsequently, 'that although i gene Tally the essence of the religion of the ILord of Heaven consists in counselling virtue aiid pro hibiting vice, yet I did not in my tfonner -despatch define what the virtuous practice of this religion consisted of, and apprehensive lest difriciilties in the administration may arise in different pro vinces, I now. examine the religion of the Lord of Heaven, and I find that, assembling at certain epochs, adoring the Lord of Heaven, venerating the cross and images, reading books of this religion — are the peculiar regulations of this religion : so that, if omitted, it is no longer the religion of the Lord of Heaven. t: Consequently, it is now graated that those are to be exempt from all culpability who assemble in order to adore, the Lord of Heaven, to venerate the cross and images, to read books of this religion and preach the doctrine exhorting to virtue ; for such practices are peculiar to the virtuous of this religion, and should nowise be prohibited. And if any parties erect places for worshipping the Lord, and for assembling, venerating images, and exhorting to good, they may -do so at their own discretion. those persecutions whioh hati keen raised at sundry Tjeriods against the Christians. The emperor and mandarins do not attach the slightest credit to the crimes alleged in this petition, since they were ?ver made a matter of investigation before the ?Ut nals : and this is merely an absurd impeach tJ'i*iu. ^e by the populace among whom it origi JT^nt in, ''?u- *iX consequence of the convening of -fjs. ' eit-L '-en -n ^ie religious assemblies, or on ?-.,'.***». ???»?. '-nsi ruction put upon the ceremonies ^ iad ^ '?& *?'?— ^A'dte of his Lordship ihs *&&* uof soi*- ' --,. Kol, Hear Apostolic ot Cored, j '' But it shall not be allowable to conr/' foe and .ssemble in (large numbers people from, distant listricts, so as to make tumultuou1 s gati wrings- in ?pposition to the established laws of tl je Middle Empire. If any lawless men ust arpin g the name if Christians combine in societ y in . order to do nischief ; as likewise if people of ; ano .ther religion, m account of the religion of th- n L( M of Heaven teing exempted from culpability ? by the Emperor's avour, imagine they may walk in . the same path md try to screen themselves 6 .-on .i all pursuit by alsely clothing themselves w itrx this exterior,, all heee are people abusing of x( -li.- /ion to do evil1, and heir crimes should be punif jh-;cl pursuant to the ormer laws. ' The noble governors, , vmder-governors, and. generals, must further con .ununicate this despatch ;o all the tribunals withw i their jurisdiction, both imall and great, civil an' i military, in order that, -y closely examining it , they may be enabled to :onduct themselves pu rsuant to a uniform rule. Please, noble govern ors, under-goveraors, and generals, to takecogn iz&nce; of this 'despatch and circulate it.' Thus, then, is fre ertom of Christianity for ever Ixed upon a bToad basis in the Middle Empire. &U; that remains if j to carry out the edicts-, in point )f fact ; but this ,' coimpletion of the edifice is Only i. question of tin* e, and the routine habits^of others ivill still oppo,' ie. obstacles. Insulated acts . of violence have ey e'A already more than once belied ;he imperial c^ecrees. Could it be otherwise? How without a miracle could absolute docility 3e obtained, /und. an immediate obedience-, exten ding from 'the supreme to the most subaltern )fficers of ad .m'mistratiori ? As She Chinese are nore immoi ,-e; ibly attached to their traditions than iny other ; ptj'ople, it is necessary to await the -peration o!f 1 ame. If we were to attempt to regu ate her raovements according to- our im-patience,. -v,e sliouJ.d.e.vince. ignorance of the first elements )f its stf itio nary and motionless existence. Now :hat ..it;1 uas. been attracted from out its sphere by ;he cu? .-rent of our ideas, it must indaed follo-w out :he fcv ivs of attraction. T\v -o serious inconviences and fresh' perils are issoc iated with the vantage ground promised 'in litui :e to the missions. First, European Priests ire legally excluded . from the interior of the;. :ou; atry. They will no longer have the protection -f t hat mysterious concealment liithertO1 adopted -y their neophytes ; publicity of worship will lis .close the ministers, and the free assemblies of h e native flock will be another snare for the 6 reign pastor. However, our alarm on these 5' rounds should not exceed that of the missioners themselves. Being consulted regarding this possible aggravation of their lot, they were unan imously of opinion that even if a distressing reaction should at-first result from it, and if they should encounter obstacles, in penetrating into the interior, this transient inconvenience disappeared in viewing the advantages that must ensue from the revocation of the edicts*.' And the facts ; nave already attested the accuracy and generous | sentiment disclosed in this opinion. j In the second place as long as the apostleship. j was the road to martyrdom, heresy left our mis sioners to proceed alone towards the Chinese shores, willingly surrendering the perilous mono- . poly of preaching in front of the scaffold. The i unity of our dogmas then shone unclouded ; J the Christian faith, then represented in China by its select children, was only known there ?.s ex hibiting a source of devotedness, intelligence, and virtue. Now-a-days, religious toleration sum- ! mons thither every sect : European trade lands } every scandal. Fortunately they arrive too late i and will not proceed to a distance, for within j some leagues of the shove the menacing clank of chains is still audible. Besides, no one is less alarmed at this new enemy than our missioners. False brethren succeeding to Tyrants is the olden history of the Church; must it not always be militant? Far from dreading the struggle,' they rather invoke it as an auxiliary, and a holy Bishop hails it in his letters asr hopeful. ' It might be apprehended,' said he, ' that Anglican prose lytism, which scatters its Bibles here prodigally, might traverse our efforts ; but in my mind 'more good than evil will result from it. These books, although altered in more than one passage will contribute to the diffusion of Christian' ideas ; they will inspire many with an eager desire to know our great truths, and as they will come to us to ascertain the meaning of the dead letter, of those obscure passages that do not present their own interpretation, the doubts of the pagans will always resolve themselves in favour of our faith. A Chinese who abjures his idols cannot do other wise than become a Catholicf .' Yes ; prescrip tion which the church so victoriously invokes in its polemics against heresies condemns, in China more than elsewhere, these young rivals to the simple station of witnesses or humble servants of her progress. The post of Chnng-hai was evi dently the most favourable one Anglican prosely tism could select. Under the protection of Bri tish cannon, and with the influence of the English anu American consuls, combined with dazzling prestige of opulence, followers should have rallied round them if success was possibly atuiinable by them. Now it has turned out that in spite of their numerous schools there is no * 03v:i?J documents of the French Legation, f Letter of the Right Rev. Dr. Besi— 1343. I sympathy for. them, whilst the Cath&lic; Priest is ? more esteemed and honoured* than ever. Qnr j readet-s may collect this froraufche homage recently ! tendered to the Bishop of' Nankin: by the- first j Chinese dignitaries. ' The- Sight Rev. Dr. Besis I always visits the great mandarins of Changrhai, . wearing his violet-colouTecl ooutan and ecclesias , tical covering fop the head — the cross hanging from his neek. As soon as Hhe guard perceive th& palanquin that conveys his Lord&hip;, heJis saluted by a discharge of three pieces-, off cannon, and the same- number are fired at his departure. Can these attentions-on the part of functionaries wht-haveso l'ong imbrued thein hands in the blood ef European Baissioners be comprehen ded*?'' Thus*, honours arex publicly rendered* by the mandarins to the apostolic ministry ; the- pro scribed worship rises up everywhere simultane ously before the irritated bonzes. The Ie Deuvi is sung in chorus by three hundred thousand Christians, and repeated from the ocean to the desert as s cry of deliverance:. Churches are epening, crosses rising- up again, prisons render ' ing forth their innocent captives, shackles- falling frem the hands of mutilated confessors, peaceful conquerors thronging, more numerously than\ ever I to the shore of China.. The brethren of Matthew i Ricci come to claim oves his grave a share1 of his toilsome inheritance, and Sisters sf Charity endea vour to associate the soul of St- Yincent of Paul with that of St. Francis Xavier, jointly hovering ; over the destinies of Christianity in the East. This fresh ardour radiates from the heart of the empire towards all its extremities, and pushes forward the- outposts of the faith to the utmost distances — from the mountains of Thibat to the frontiers of Siberia, and the frozen banks of the Soungari. This church, which yesterday was sinking, is now exhibiting fecundity, and found ing her colonies in Morsgolian deserts. She con veys an amnesty to Tong-king, hope1 to Corea, and summonses Japan to awake' from its slumber. Do sot all these signs seem to announce that future state1 which is the object of our desires, and has been merited by the sufferings of mar tyrs ?— such a futurity as was hoped for and des cribed by an illustrious prelate- in these lines T?hich we quote in conclusion : ' It is the prayers of the Associates that will accelerate those days of salvation foe China. May God grant that we may be witnesses of this wondrous change ! May our voices- falter in the office of evangeMsing to the last breath.! May our arms sink in lassitude over the function of baptizing ! May we day and night, without repose, without relaxing, and hem med round by multitudinous- masses, fall under the weight of toil ! May we expire with joy and fatigue f '' The total estimate of Chinese Christian's amounted in 1S51, according to Dr. Chauvau, Vicar- Apostolic ?' of Yuu'-nanr to 500;000 ; with 19. Bishops; European Missioners IOS;_ native Priests, 135; colleges r.nd semina ries, 1-t ; Churches and chapels, 326. We do not include among the latter the oratories ef Su-tchuen, Ho-nan, Leao-tohg, and Pekin, as we have not sufficient returns from those places. Moreover, it is hoped that a certain number of churches formerly wrested from the Christians will be res tored to Catholic worship. Five religious orders share in China the labours of the apostleship. These are, The Minors, (Observantines and Re formed), Dominicans, Jesuits, Lazarists, and Priests of the Foreign Missions. Lastly, the orphans of China have found mothers ; Europe sends them its Sisters of Charity. * Letter of the Rev. Dr. Colin — November, 1847. f Letter of his Lordship Dr. Perocheau, 183S. 