LITURGICAL REFORM. (From the Patriot, September 28 ) Liturgical reform is becoming the subject of what, in tho parlance of tho day, is called a " movement." Numerous letters linvo appeared in tito daily pupers,-and in somo which do not usually give prominence to ecclesiastical topics, calling for alterations in tho Church Service, and especially for tho abridgment of such portions of tho Hook of Common Prayer as aro appointed to bo used at morning prayer. A society also has boen formed for promoting tho object ; and prepa- rations aro hoing made for its regular agitation in the Church and in Parliament. Among a people so religious as tho English, such a move I mont cannot hut excite great interest. Beyond , tiie hounds of tho Established Church, however, it will bu viewed by very few persons with any direct reference to their own possible future cccleshis tionl position. There was a time when san- guine hopes were entertained, that, by judicious corrections made in the various services and otllces of tho Church, many Dissenters might be induced to conform ; but that time has gone by, we suspect, never to return. Tho Athanasian Creed, with some other portions, used to bo spoken of as the main obstacle, by tho removal or the reduction of which tho least orthodox section of so-called Christian Nonconformists might bo enabled to enter the fold of the Establishment without com- promise. Modern Unitarianism, however, has gone too far upon the downward road of philo- sophical Deism, to be brought back to tho Trini- tarian way-mark by means of a few verbal changes. 'Though the Liturgy may be less evan- gelical than it seems, yet to reconcile to it either a Fox or a Martineau, it would require a com- plete metamorphosis. This, at least, is quite certain ; that tho concessions which would suffice to attract the Socinian, would only repel all others to a greater and more hopeless distance. But, in truth, were tho disciples of Belsham and Priestley put out of tho account, and those only of Owen and Howe, of Wesley and Whitefield, con- sidered, it would, we believe, be futile to endeavour to coax thom over to tho Establishment with any such lures. To say nothing of the definite shape nuil decisive charactor which modern dissent has assumed, entirely forbidding alliunce with a Church which barters its birthright for n mess of pottage, neither among Congregationalists nor even among Methodists do we discern reason to hope, or to fear, that any modification of liturgical forms would satisfy their scruples, and induce them to accept absorption into tho Church of England. Among many sober-minded Congrega- tionalists, there prevails, indeed, a feeling, that tlie devotional clement is as much too restricted and subordinate in our services, ns it is too extended and exclusive in those of tho Established Church ; lint this cuu bo, and has been, remedied by moro fre- quent prayer, without having reconrso to forms of prayer. Tho only point, perhaps, in which, with positive and unmitigated advantage, tho example of tho Episcopalians could be followed by us, is, in tho more copious reading of the Word of God. But with respect to forms of prayer, wo can de- tect little inclination to deviate from ancient prac- tice ¡ on tho contrary, we have seen tho Liturgy, although, by freedoms which public authority never checked, accommodated to tho convictions and tastes of tho congregations in question, laid aside in several chapels where it' had been used from the days of Whitefield. In this respect, tho followers of Wesley have been more persevering. Yet, the-Conference, with a longing desire to make tho use of the Liturgy general, nay, univer- sal, has found the greatest dillietilty in slightly increasing the number of ochapels where it is in use ¡ while, even in City-road chapel, where it used to be read by a full-robed priest, that duty is per- formed now by a plain methodist preacher ; and tho bulk of tho congregation, we believe, think it quite enough, if they arrive before tho commence- ment of the extempore or ordinary service. Both tho lengthened sermon and free prayer have be- come too deeply rooted in the habits of all classes of evangelical protestant Dissenters, ever to bo exchanged by them for tho formularies of tho Established Church, and tho curt discourses of ¡ts clergy; especially by tho Methodists, to whose I " lively" prayers tho titanio repetitions of the Prayer-book, tiowovor^ brief und apparently pas- sionate, are no more like, than is tue finest work of Phidias or Praxiteles to the breathing, moving, living mnn. But, although whatever alterations shall be made, will ho made at the instance, and for tho benefit, of Churchmen, it will ho interesting to other Christians to measure, hy tho nature and axtont of such alterations, the progress and ten- dency of religious life in tho re-awakened body, as thereby and therein^ manifested. Tho probability is, that the expectations, and perhaps the successes of tho agitators for a chango, will he governed, for the most part, by tho proposals contained in the Blue Book which was ordorcd hy tho liouso of Commons to be printed, on thc motion of Mr. Heywood. Tt is entitled, '« Alterations in tho Book of Common Prayer, prepared by the Boyal Commissioners for tho ltevision of tho Liturgy, in 1089," Tho fi98 alterations thou suggested throughout tho Prayer _ Book, for tho concilia- tion of tho Nonconformists, would, if made now, bo a practical acknowledgment that tho evangelical section of tho clergy is too strung for the Trnctnriun re- notionists, and that tho former, so far from being extruded, must have doforenco paid to thom as being, partly by their own in- crease, nnd partly through tho influence which they have gained over tho town population, tho really dominant party in tho Church. Tho com- mission comprised ten bishops, us ninny minor dignutaries, four professors, and six clergymen of lower degree. Among tho most, remarkable and most active members wore,, Patrick, Tillotson, Burnet, Beveridge, and Stillingfleet. Tho Bishop of Rochester and tho Dean of Gloucester, questioning tho authority of tho commission, seocded. ¿'or six weeks, however, tho others pro . seotitcd their labours ; but, being opposed by con vocation, which manifested ita disposition by re- jecting Tlllotson and choosing a high church- man, as prolocutor, tho result was abortive Tho ! broad, thus cast upon tiio water«, appears after many days ¡ after tho lapse, tu fact, ot moro than a century nnd n-hulf, Fur some knowledge of tho I process 'through which tho principal proposed changes wero obtained, wo nrc indebted to tito I nri va tu diary of Williams, afterwards) Bishop of Chichester, which accompanies tho olliclul docu- ment. Tho spirit of tho alterations muy ho easily indicated. "Briests" was to bo cl'mngod to "Presbyters," and "Sunday" to " Lord's-duy," " Most gracious " and " Most religious nnd gracious" wore to bo expunged, as epithets anpli uiblo to tho reigning Sovereign ¡ and "Itoyul Highness," front befuru tito names of other mout- hers of tito Itoyul Family No fewer than sixty six Saints were to bo struck out ol' tho Calendar. Tim Apocryphal books wero to ito expelled from tho survices. Tho surplice wits regarded by till as " a matter ol' tho least coiuerptonco," lo bo continued only us_ "a decent and auutottt habit," which might, in casu ol' strung scruples bo by leave dispensed with. Sutiinthitig'sltiilhif was to bo dono about tho sign of tho cross lu baptism. " Godfathers and godmothers" were to bu converted into simple "sureties)" mid parent* wero lu bu permitted to answer fur thu religious training of their own ollsprlng, DunliU'iil hints wore nu lunger lu hu alllriiiud without, dun ipuill llealloti i " tho Apostle's Creed," " thu Creed of Athanasius." " thu IViiyur of St. Chrysostom," and other ihiRiinmtits, wura ID hu described us "cmnuumly culled" hy those ninnes. Thu forms ol' " Absolution" itt tho Muming und livening Prayer, and lu tito olllce fur tho Visitation ol' thu Sick! wera lo IIB BO explained und modified ns (o proclndo tlio supposition of unconditionnl official authority to remit sitia. As if in anticipa- tion of tho olijoctions of the Penco Society, tho Prayer-book was to ho cleansed of its pugnacious spirit. Instead of " Uecauso there is n mo other that fightcth for us, hut only Thou, O God," it was proposed to substituto, " That wo may servo Theo without fear all tho days of our llvei." Yet, lind th ase proposals taken ell'cct, they would have provided tor tho present emergency, by tho insertion, in tho prayer for tho Queen, of a petition that God would "direct nil her counsels to His honour and glory, and bless nil her righteous undertakings ¡"bul they would have strengthened tho qualifying epithet hy tho omis- sion of those warlike words, "Strengthen her, that she may vanquish and overcome all her enemies." Tho Litany, which hy most critics is allowed to bo tho finest und most evangelical portion of tho whole Service-hook, ivas submitted to numerous alterations and additions, adapted to enlarge its scope, to improvo its tone, or to infuso still greater scripturally into its sentiments. It was never to bo sung, und was to recognise tho Holy Ghost ns " our Sanctifier and Comforter." " Infidelity and error," " impiety and profaneness," " super- stition and idolatry," " revenge, rash censure, nnd contention," " drunkenness and gluttony," " sloth and nvs-spoiiding of our time," "lying and shin dering," '? vain swearing, cursing, and perjury," " covetousness, oppression, and all injustie.o," were comprehended muong tho sins to bo dopre cated. " Sudden death" was to bo changed into j " dying suddenly and unprepared .," and " cross I and passion" into " passion on tho cross." " P«y thy continuiil intercession nt tho right hnnd of God," was to ho introduced nmong tho pions ad- dressed to our Lord. Intercession was to bo made for " all that aro persecuted for truth and righte- ousness' snke ;" nnd, as if to give up tho exclu- sivo claims of Episcopacy, tho words, "and this in particular of which wo aro mombers," was intorpolntcd in the petition for tba Church, In those for tho Sovereign, " giving her a prosper- ous and happy reign over us," would havo taken tho plnco of " tho victory ovor all her onemics ;" though, again, ns with a prophetic spirit, tho ndoption of tho proposal would havo given Queen victoria the benefit of a prayer, that " it might pienso God to take her Majesty's forces hy sea and land into His most gracious protection, mid to mako them victorious over all our enemies," Several improvements and enlargements were mode in tho occasional "Prayers and Thanks- givings," and many in tho Collects nnd special Sunday or " Lord's-day" services. Tho title of " saint," as prefixed to tho names of evangelists, and even ot apostles, was struck out ; while all tho moro important alterations of tho text aro oliaraotoriscd oy a greater richness nnd fulnoss of ovungelicnl sentiment, nnd by tho copious em- ployment of Scripture language. The same remark ¡3 applicable to tho revised form of the Speclul Services. In tho order of tho adminis- tration of the Lord's Supper, (tho moro frequent obscrvaneo of which is strongly recommended,) tito Beatitudes aro introduced, willi a responso after euell ; but, instead of hoing shut up to tho necessity of tedious roilorntion of tho same form, tho option was to bo given of using a varied set of responses suited to each Beatitude. Instead, also, of driving tho people from tho Lord's tnble, by menacing unworthy communicants with tho literal fate ot Judas, ""body and soul," tiley billi IIWSIUI J..I.U «I ..,.>. """., wero to bo simply warned, lest, by "profaning' that holy sacrament, they should draw down tho houvy displeasure of God upon them ; " and snob ns should desire to communicate, but bo deterred by a sonso of particular unworthiness, were ex- horted to open their grief to some minister of God's Word,-not that thoy "might receive tho benefit of absolution," but only "such spiritual advice nnd comfort, as might tond to thu quieting of their conscience." The subject of " kneeling" nt tho Lord's Supper was debated, with an evident dosiro to rolieve tender consciences, but without any clear nnd positive result. In the Ministration of Baptism, likewise, several alterations wore intro, doced, some of _ which have been incidentally noticed ; but it is moro than doubtful, whether tiley aro suoh as would satisfy the unti-piedohap tists, or even tho opponents of Baptismal Regene- ration. According to Williams, however, it was admitted to ho " hnrd to lind un instnnco of a oltild baptised before St. Cyprian's time ;" while, ns to the opus operutum it was felt, that, "if tliero were not moro in baptism than the out- ward washing, it would give nway tho causo to tho Anabaptists." Tho Catechism was freely denied with, one of tho alterations advertising candidates for Con- firmation, that only " upon tho performing of their part, they might most certainly believe that [ they wero (therein) scaled by tho Holy Spirit of God unto tlio day cf their redemption." In tho Form of Solemnisation of Matrimony, sovernl very needful corrections wero made, 'ibo Order for tho Visitation of tho Sick waB nmonded, not merely by a mollified form of absolution, but also by prefixing thereto a searching series of questions I to the moribund : and, thoued) (with a" query" on Hie wort! " pronounce") tho words of authoritative ubsolution wero retained, yet, thoy wero qnali tied by tho clause, " upon thy true faith and ropontnnco." In tho Ordor for tho llurlal of tho Dead, "tako out of this world," was substituted for "take unto Himself;" und "a firm belief for " sure and cortiiin hope." In tho " Commi- nution," tho " curses" out of Deuteronomy wore erased, and their pince was supplied with Now Tes- tament blessings. Only in tho forms of prayer to bo used at sea were no changes found necessary, Attomnts wero mudo to accommodate thu quos . tion ot tho validity of tho than Episcopal ordor* to tho claims and scruples of Presbyterian or other divines ! but, ns in thc casa of most compromis»», not with eminent success, Last of all, in the Service for tho Thirtieth of January, ngainst tito words, " tho shedding whereof (t, c. tho blood ot' Charles I.) nothing but tho blood of thy Son cnn expiate," was sot tho discreet observation, " This inny bo said of ovary sin, and- is, therefore, tho less proper." " There was remaining," notes Williams. " tho form of subscription, tint it was forgot ; ami Excommunication was spoken of, but it wits too luto, ltoso un sine ilir." 