THE TURKISH WAIL The correspondent of the Timet, datij^^$Mng Vienna on the 30th of Jan., eaye uponiS^^UrJ;. engrossing subject— "v. 4 " Mote pitiless logic than thueiHptoy*di«yjWL npltffffrflfleader on -the RassorTatkish ,differ enp&ffbifth; appeared in the £%<£ of yesterday ha' ri|i^|yiT(M ■ yever * been.. met vith in an Ansttiai o«pq fif impress. The Russian party endeavour! t(^ a^tui^JUe the unfevonrablp impression whicl th%iSl'oJo' W calculated to produce by asserting tl]gfc4fcwfts:wrictpa at the instigation of the French Court,, but even if such should be the case-r-wlueli iLjiqt. prQliahle—the validity of'the argument* T^W'Wft .uushakPO- The object of the writer is to Wgymtta l.temnt injustice of the present ] oliny of R£a4% tqtg^rds Turkey, And the following sum *WI.wUl Stable your readers to decide whether he hlkHffiCfsded in his ohject :~ ♦Jp ,4hfr important question which just now so e^finiiyely occupies the world, there is bat one pCBPt 4|n which the fiye great Powers agree. The tnfMftaWJlg Courts insist on the maintenance of the integrity of Turkey, and M. de Nessel rode has also dftflftrpd that Russia considers it neeessary to the b%J#poe«f power in Europe. The Emperor Nicholas ha#«,h®*ever, thought fit to bring forward a novel pjfinmple ftnd a 1mvel interpretation of a fact. The nfltvej principle is, that if one Power demands froip aMmfif the wnchiaion of a treaty, the refusal of the consent to it is a case in which war isjus tifiAhle.of.jeaote strictly speaking,coercive measures without * declaration of war. Thus, if England dteUet$fnrra ft treaty with Naples, the object of ■vv&ifthlstbe; ihlroductipn into that country of a low tariff fqd the politic!}! equality of the members °4lhe i?b»jroh of England. the rejection of her d« teSIMl justifies the provisional occupation of the is^d of gjplly. fho novel interpretation of a fact is,jhftf ft WPF V?agcd by ft strong againr ft weak PtMP?rjs, .10$ prejudicial to the integrity of the IftHer, $t |hp outsat. the stronger P«>wor gives the asgur-sqca tjqit no territorial aggrandisement is in tended,, Spcii conduct as that ahovementioneil on 'hq qf England towards Naples could not hue bft4U)ii|}d^red a striking instance of rude and in ftqjenfc gggFe^ion, and if France and Austria insisted n't th? maintenance gf the integrity of Naples, wppid they be satisfied by the duclarfttipn of Eng land tjiftl i.t did npt intend to prejudice the integrity of Nftple". which it considered necessary tp the bfttefce of power in Europe ? England would pot bigftk Itf wprd if, ftftef peace jiftd been concluded, it$$(gjped Sicily for ft longer pr shorter time, as a plgdci? fpr the payment of the expenses of the war. Tbi? tp Sftid adfisedly, " because the weftker Statp, bejpg always wrong, must Rati rally ttiways pay thp gpsjs of a wftr." Tha Fiuciplc which Russia would fajn intrpfiftpe in, (she Ufjet}tal differenre is untenable, for if would bft tft dpnyijia r'ght pf ft gtftte to rejypf ft prpppsed trcftfy, ftijd give every Power that is greedy of conquest a weapon which, ftt ifs pleasure, jt could employ against iis neighbours. The novel inter pretation of a fact—namely, that a war is not pre jndteial to the integrity, or, in other words, to the vitality of a State, if there is no intention to de prive it of a part of its territories—is false, for the existence of Turkey depends on the strength of ih® army, the amount of the revenue, and the fidelity of the inhabitants, and one great | defeat might possibly destroy it. " In some | ^Jauiitrips corporal has been substituted fur capi'al pnnishmanfe-=-thet is, the delinquent is flogged untili'he gives up the ghost. His death, however, is hot to be attributed to the severity of the law, butto the weakness of the human frame. Wars waged without a thirst for aggrandizement are to wars of conquest what corporal is to capital punishment.'1 Thus, should Turkey expire during thft prereut conflict, it can take with it the conso lation that its demise was not tho will of Russia, bijt simply a aorucquence pf that Power's having dealt if ipqfc and heavier blows than its enfeebled constitution could bear. i .instead ef feeling proud that they have a writer | ampfig them who is courageous enough to place j things ift thftir true light, many highly-placed AJWtrigpf lament that such mi article should jiftva ■RBPfiFftd 90 the very day of tho arrival of Count Oclpfl". There was a graud hall last night at Baron lV^eyendqrfFa, but the Russian Envoy Extraofdi nW, vvli° dpes not bear railway travelling Wf>lJ, and is somewhat indisposed, was not prCftfnt, , In official circles jt is still asserted thftf Qqpnt OrlolFs mission is a peaceful one, | but tb® public roundly assert tlmt a final atigmgt is ftbpftt to bo made to induce Austria Rfftfiift tp break with the Western Powers. It hfft jqpre tliftu opce been stated that Priuce Uletter "ifltl lftP§t stFepgiy condemns t|ie present policy of Ru&^ja, and there is reason to believe that the Em peror has recently frequently discussed tjie merits o^ the Qfi^ntal question with the veteran states mfOi The Prince fives in ft very retjred suburb, bftt tl}ere ft re persons who pretend to know that his Mwesty passed three hours with him on ihe day before CfHtpl (Dripfps ftriiral. -H.S. U.ji affiimed in Russian circles that one part of'Cquqt QrjofTs mission is to obtain the consent ofl-diuftrift to (he sending a Russian corps from Weusiy .by way cf Presbui'g to the seat of war, under-oertftin circemstances. In the an e-rooin of j a -wesy high personage, it was'this morning argued j that-if this request was granted, France won d, in case -af need, make a similar claim. Count OrjoiT j had; his first audience yesterdsy, at 10 o'clock in the -morning. Prince Gortscbakoff has been, dis missed,«and ordered to retire to liis estates. Lieut. Geaesab ^ebilder, who is bis successor, passed through Pestb, 011 his way to the seat of war, the day before yesterday. Count Orloff leaves Vienna on' .the lst or find of next month. Our last advices from' the seat of war are of the 26th, but there is nothing new.*' ■*EM«JnjLTiGN.—A circular has been addressed to Lioiitenant Hbdder; R.N., Government free emi gration agent at Cork, in reference to a new plan I of-AtaBtrftlian emigration which has been framed j by the Commissioners. Its main object is to make j the systain self- supporting, and thus to give the. eari&rant; a sense of independence and respecta- [ bilii^ which he oannot have when he is sent away at" the expense of the State. Here are the pro positions:— Emigrants are to be divided into two Glasses, and it is proposed that those within the first class shall in future pay, either before embarkation, or after -arrival, sums amouming in all to £13; and ' tfcftSo in the second class sums amounting to £15.1 The proportion to be pai.d before embarkation and after, arrival varies according to the age and class of the emigrant. Tp enfurce theae pftyipents, an act has been passed by the Ipcal icgi-Rture, pro ?Mi0$ thftt emigrant? sppt opt at the expense of the | land fund shall, before their embarkation, yjgn an nftdprtftkipg, marked A, cither tp r^Pay. iipmedi ajftly ,qp thcir arriyal, such ft sum es, together with what they have paid m this country, will make up thftir allpticd contribution, or to find for themselves, withm fourteen days, an employer who wi;l engage tb.makft.ihe paymantfi for them, in two insftlmepts, within l&nmmhs;, Pr> if they Cftpnot find sqch an employer for themselve?, to take service for two JMrs with Wt amploy§F fpand for thftfo hy thft im - ipigrfttiop agent, on ccndiMon that he w»U maHe the 8ft#np paymeR?8 in /sight quarterly instalments, de- i dftCtiBg them ont Of their current Wftgts ; but, ift the. Jitter case, the emigrant js to havp the right, at ^)»an4 19 mPhths, to tarmmai® his §ervic? by gifting.three months' notice, and paying up tfie uut li«d? ii|6tilmepts, Tho shortest serviGe therefore would be 15 months. - The form of contract to he eQtpFed into in the colony is that mftrk^d B." 