Local and Provincial News THE VICTORIA THEATRE.-PROGRESS OP THE "BENEFITS."-As we predicted, Mr Hogers made his bow on Monday evening to ono of tho most crowded and fashionable houses within onr recollection ; and on Thursday thc invitation cards of Mrs and Miss Hart "were graciously accepted hy their friends. The next candidate on the Thespian scroll for public honors is thc able leader of thc Orchestra, Mr JOHN GIBBS, whose long and faithful services and acknowledged talent, have, on previous like occasions, received thcefullest recognition at the hands of the Sydney public, and which again entitle him to a similar tribute. Thc entertain- ments selected by Mr GIBBS (vide programme) embrace amongst many novelties the first ap- pearance of a Miss Carter, late of the Opera Comique, Paris, of whom report speaks highly favorably: as also that of Mr Palmer, known as one of the principal vocalists of St. Mary's Choral Society. A SECOND THEATRE IN SYDNEY. In our last we announced that Mr Turning would assume the proprietorship of the Victoria Theatre on thc 1st July next, and we have now authority for stating that thc retiring proprietor, Mr Joseph Wyatt, has Arcady commenced ope rations for the erection of a Thespian Temple on a magnificent scale, on his property situated in Costlereagh-strect, immediately opposite tho Commercial Hotel. The ground has, we under- stand, been laid out, and the plan approved. Thc dimensions uf the building will considerably ex- ceed those of the Victoria, extending back from the main street some HO feet, by 60 feet in breadth, .and .'JO feet in altitude. The members of the theatrical profession will, we should con ' ceive, rejoice at the prospect thus aflbrded of their services being fairly estimated and remu- nerated. Hitherto monopoly has with an iron hand far under rated tire talent which has pcr f .ree had to look to it as its only rcsonrce. Com petition will speedily remedy this, and no party . be the loser. The public, likewise, will be benc ' fitted by the rival establishments vieing_ with each other in the encouragement and intro- duction not only of foreign but native arti* tes. HORRIBLE MURDER.-Information has ranched us that one " Ben Bolt" was barbarously murdered on Wednesday evening last in Cum- berland street. What fenders tho affair more trnly lamentable is that thc wretched perpetrator « is a*Aii»'»ii'iif. mid we believe a father. Other parties were implicated in tho atrocity, whose names, however, it would be impolitic to mention ?t present. MOORE'S CATHOLIC ALMANAC FOR 1854.-This work, the first munker of a peri- odical, is dedicated by tile compiler to Iiis Grace The Mo«tRèveréhd .lohn Bede Polding. Arch- bishop oí' Sydney, -anil Iiis Lordship The Right Ite'vei end Charles Henry'Davis 'Coadjutor and Bishop of Maitland. 'Portraits of the distin- guished Prelates grace tho work, which is ad- mirably got np in every respect, ami, though ap- parently by its title exclusive, contains informa- tion of general use to every creed and class. A HKQULAR BUSINESS MATTER.-In thc Goulburn lifalii of the Î4th instant occurs the following advertised want: - "Wanted iu Queanbeyan, a pcr.-ou at a salary of £.50 a year to mind Iiis own business, and a further «um - f £50 a year to leave other people's alone." The initial V. it seems has rambled about, like Diogenes with his lantern, in thc hope or finding this luaut ii ri tv rec in vain. We have benn equally 1 unfortunate in n similar search, ami we question, whether in the whole colony, with the exception of Sir Richard Bomke'* st.itue, such a desirable personage can be caughr and ca^ed. EARLY USE OF TIN.-Mr Layara, in his work upon Nineveh and Babylon, states clint the Plneuicians supplied the Assyrians with tin to form their br nzes. We heg to recommend this to the notice of our subscribers in the hope that they will hand over their tin. so that we may amalgamate it with our cash-box. and pro- duce that delightful tinkling ni tal which sounds so melodiously to the ear. IMPORTANT TO GHOSTS.-Mrs Mar- garet Berriman, wife (by the name, we should feel inclined to say widow) of Thomas Berri- man, has given Thomas, or his Ghost, warning, that not having seen him, or it, for seven years if be, or it, do not turn up within two months at Mudgee, she will decidedly procure a warmer bed-fellow. Who can blame Margaret for this procceding? Not we; our opinion is that it is highly commendable and praiseworthy. But Thomas, Thomas, we warn you to be quick, otherwise you will not have the " ghost of a chance.'' RUSSIA v. TURKEY'.-Excessive per- spiration during thc last few days has thrown olf an idea, nmongst many extraordinary one-, which, for thc sake of thc peace of Kuropc. wc presume to oller to tl ic consideration of thc Powers that he .-Could not a Sherry Cobbler be employed to patch up the quarrel with the Sublime Porte ?" Should such a course, if ap- proved and carried out, prove unsuccessful, we can only, as a dernier tetón, suggest that George Thornton, Ksquirc, J.P., should give in- formation on oath of the belligerent intentions of the antagonistic sovereigns, and have them forth with bound over«, in heavy sureties to keep the peace. We give thc preference to this dis- tinguished diplomatist, from having overheard him express a decided opinion, that if Russia should make nu aggressive visit to America, it would unquestionably make .lonHthan Wild. BUTCHER'S MEAT.-So unusually op- pressive is thc present weather that it is next to impossible to keep meat of any kind for an hour. A> an in-tance, however, of an extraordinary ex- ception to this rule, we may state that the helms- man of the good ship /Cern on coming up thc harbour the other day, infirmed us that his 'teer had lasted two h mrs, but, he candidly admitted, not without tu-niuo thc What part of a eow resembles the tiller of a ship ? Her udder. (Any one who refuses to be vaccinated with.this matter deserves to be pitted against Mr Surgeon Rutter.) MAT TURNING EXTRAORDINARY.-On leaving the mansion ot* one of our most hospi- table intimates, a couple of hours before cock- crow one morning this week, we discovered to our dismay that our best French Patent Venti- lator had been turned into à Jim Crow. A TYPE OF WISDOM.-A friend of ours who has been suffering under nervous irratibility, has purchased ? ne of " Voting's Patent Com- I posing Machines,'' recently imported, which he confidently asserts " will let him up again sooner than any thing else." THEATRICAL INTELLIGENCE.- " Our Boy " has requested us, as a very particular fa- vour, to state, that 'the " Merry-go-round " of Mr T. Cain,ofKiley-street, Wooloomooloo, afterhav- ing made a successful professional rotatory tour in the provinces of thc Sand Hills, has returned to Kiley-street, for tho purpose of being put into training for the li ace Course, on the Anniversary Day. Mr Cain has lieen kind enough to furnish Our Boy with the statistics of his late campaign. Thc steeds, Jorr..cks, Co»saek, Little John, Sir Charles, Samson, and Sportsman, were taken as favorites against thc field, and thc young gen- tlemen r.oUirrs bet largely upon the occasion. The old horse. We regret to remark, broke down once at the turn, ami"threw his rider severely on his nose, which made him exclaim, "Oh !-Blow it ; I did'nt pay a penny to bc chucked like this." Fortunately, no bones were broken ; and j surgical assistance having been pr<-cured, it was ¡ ascertained that a put mortem examination was j unnecessary. Tho car-chairs, Viet ria. Currency ¡ Lass, and Fitzroy, were backed (and hottomed") ' at very heavy odds by the ladies, and large par- cels ol' kui* {glove. Our Boy mean-,)exchanged I hands on the occasion. A Mrs O'Kiley seated i herself in the Victoria (no doubt in honor of Her Mujcsty's visit to Ireland, and one of her illus- trious offspring being named Pat,) and won every thing before her. She manifested her,joy and loyalty at the unexpected event by chucking a real empty Day and Martin at the head of Mr Lavers, who happened to lie riding by ut the j time. 'Mic crockery missile missed its mail:. ¡ Our Boy has been informed that there is not a | single empty buttle to be found within a mile circuit of the Surry Hills. He accounts for it up n Mr Cain's terms-" One champagne, claret or long neck, 12 rounds ; port and nie ditto, stout mid short, 0 rounds ; blackings, 6 rounds ; he gc pickles, 4 ; small ditto, 2 ; phials, 1 ; thc owner to have thu opi>ortumty of putting his shoulder to the wheel for S minutes ; then to bc entitled toa spins'. In addition to these entertain- ments it is Mr Cuiu'siutention to establish a legi- timate Shukspearian '.Punch and Judy," which, with the powerful aids of fruits, lollies, toffee, batley sugar, bull's eyes, liquorice drops, and fii.id sausages, cann-t fail to ensure him a pros perou- season. POLICE ! POLICE !-The following paragraph occurs in mir worthy contemporary of George-street, of Thursdny:-"The late murder nt Waverley.-Tho inque t relative to the mur- der of the late Mr Davis of Maitland, was further postponed until Wednesday next, none of the parties i'lsp-et'ti having as yet been apprehend- ed." Surely the police with" Lord Rosse's teles- cope, arc wanted after this. NEWS OF THE WEEK.-Another noble example in discharging debts has been exhibited by Mr Thomas Woolley, who has pnid the creditors of the finn of T. and M. Woolley, twenty shillings in tho ponnd. Tho " Sydney Morning Herald " in noticing this act of justice, makes the following remark:-" Wc can only wish that Providence may shower upon all such persons its choicest and best blessings." No doubt Providence will attend to the appeal. Mr Thoma* Lea, of Western Lea, Pyrmont, in his very proper patriotic exertions to form a Volunteer Corps, states that his father was a niemlier of thc Honorar}' Artillery Company of England, and thu he bore on his helmet this motto, " Arma pacis fulcra." Mr Lea, jun., translates this, for the bonofit of thc unlearned " Arms are the maintenance <>f pence." He has not said anything about " legs."-Mr Wall, Curator of the Museum, and Mr Wilcox, thc Gould and Audoboti of Sydney, have had a difference about the ownership of the " Python " from Madras. The names of the Rev. G. K. Turner, and Mr Burt have been brought into question about the affair. The settlement of the quatia vexa tn has been left to thc Governors of the Serpent-ine River, Hyde Park.-Dr. F. Campbell, thc celebrated " Vox e Deserto," und the head of the Lunatic Asylum, Turban Creek, is annoyed at tho supposition that he took a black .carpet bug from the " Tamar " steamer on Satur- day last. He gives several reasons why he did not do so; one, however, is sufficient" for an exonerttur-ho was not on board the vessel, nor had he been fur the last fourteen years. SOMEWHAT STRANGE.-It is rather a remarkable circumstance that Frederick Waller, alias Fleetwood, a Superintendent of Convicts at Adelaide, sh nld have appeared in hit own ">Hue and Cry." This brings to our memory an in- stance in our own little community, wherein thc Chief Commissioner of Insolvent Estates left the Bench, mid tiled his own schedule ; his mes- senger imnicdjately following his example. 