THE CZAR'S BIRTHDAY. A ttOYAL " FE3FlV,\li" IN ST. l'iiTüJUS uuno. (From tho Daily .'"oin, July IO.) Tho birthday of thu Ciar ls just over; nud sundy lt must have boon tho most anxious and dis- ímil nf Ids birthdays-gr.ivo as tho vioissitudos of iii».lifo havo been. Ho was born ou tho Otb of July (now style), 17UU, mid already, while only 58,"hu is worn, broken,-older in constitution mid nppemntico ihuii most mon »ho liuvo lived tun or lil'tron yours tungor. Ills moat cngur enemies can- not look ott such nspuctuolu ns thu declino of this ui.aii und his fortunes without n sort uf grief in thu midst uf their siitlar.iutluu und thanksgiving : grief that [lowers so considerable, and u uiurtiiV that once hail much Hint was lino in lt, should havo ourrlud thu mun into a mission on higher tluui ono uf warn imf, uftor ho mid m.my others ii id bu liuved it wuuid bo tine ol' retrieval mid inuulior.i tloli. '1'horo is no nco.I to any that ho was unhappy in his descent. Tho gl'utiilsuli uf Ciuberinu mid tho nun uf 1'iiul ol,¡¡ins our pity nt thu outset. Tho mischief waa, huwevur, simply constitutional, for Itu was too young ut (nu death of hotli to Buller hy their example. Hu wns four munths old when thu Empress died ; timi under llvo yunt a when his wretched father civile to bis untimely olid. Hu wns tticruforu exempt froid thu horrllilo impu- tation willoh rusted ur. Ids ehlor brothers-that they kliuw what was doing on tho night uf Paul's tuuider, and uimsi med to lt ns tho (lily moans nf Huvlnjf their uwii liberty mid even life. Alexander wns tliuu fuiir-mid-muiil)' : but the child .Nicholas, Iben ii «¡di lied mid eluver buy of fuur-miil-ii-hnll, wns uno uf thu lust who received a loving won mill hiss fruin his iloiuiied Tither. Un Hurt fatal uveuitig, l'.iul wns In emu of his aillhildo moil is ¡ nuil ho went to thu Kuipross,-that Ingenuous (Uratan .. U-l wini luiiitd the groiilticaa which hud ut Hi st nstoi Ulled her ti iiiUornUlo uhmgu from tho froor and moro modest lifo in lier father's castle lier husband wont to bor drawing-room tim evening ; «poko affectionately to bor, and took th baby into his nrms. and played with tho liltf Nicholas, Ills motlier did the best she could fo tho boy, in tho wny of odHontion, General Lnus dorf superintended it, Adolung taught hin languages, and Councillor Stork instructed him ii Eohticnl economy-to no great purpose, judglnj y the rosults. flo nos moro inclined to militar; studios than any other ; and was almost ns fond o foniflcnticn as Vt de Toby himself. Ho was foni of music too ; and unitod tho two tastes by com poRing military marches. Though, his constiu tiona! industry manifostod itself in tho pursuit o such studios as he liked, ho issued from th êuucationnl process, ignorant-roally ignoran of what it became-not only n i'rince but a gentleman to know ; and not i few of the wisest men in Kuropo nttributo hi fatil errors and misfortunes to this causo, ubon nil others. During his youth, ho was extremely unpopular His irascibility was so great, that no ono cared ti approach bim unnecessarily. His m.mnors won excessively rude : and tho contrast was dall; pointed out, by thoso who dared speak to enol other, betwoen him and tho nffablu Alexander When ho wns 20 ho carno to .England, nftor tin peace. Ho was then a tnll youth, said nt tho timi .to bo a stern likeness of his brother tho Czar On his return ho explored his own country, nm livod for somo timo in each of tho chief provincia oitios. ' It was then that ho became Interostoil il tho oondition of tho lower orders of tho poonlo rrnd it was probably nt that time that ho conco'.vot tho idon of emancipating tho serfs, lifter nu inter val of nmelioratod condition. This was hil brothor's aim ; nnd thcro are somo onlightonot Hussinns who boliovo that Alexander died broken hearted on account of tho "Ingratitude" witl which Iiis offerts for his people's welfare won repaid. Tho words " ingratitude" and "repay meut" aro commonly used on such occasions ; bul in this caso, wo imagine, tho hostility was on tin part of ono class, on account of tho Imlulgonei shown to another. It did not, nnil .it novor will suit tho nobles (in their own judgment) to hnvi their serfs ninnncipalod ; and a somewhat rocen instance of tho calnmitios which may enstio ot giving anything like hope of freedom and progres: tonr.yof tho Czar's largest olas» of subjects seems to explain ono of tho mnrliod chanson in tin character and conduct of Nicholas. Seoing, ns lu did, that ovory hopo held out by Alexander lcd t( violence among tho serf population-that wliui once- fissured that thoy woro regarded and pitied they began to cut their masters to pieces, or llaj thom nlivo-ho gnvo up tho iden of regcncnitinj tho policy of tho empire ¡ and his coursons Km poro; shows that it suits dim hotter to multo himself! typo of Russian empire, mid tho fal tiller cf tin law of his predecessors, than the imitator ol' Alex under, in trying tn mn ko something very fin« ou of a mixture of tho milk and honey of tho Gospo with tho galî and brimstono of Muscovite domina tion. Alexander hail, howovor. something mon to trouhlo bia»' than tho failure of his beiiovolcui schemes. In-tho year 1817. when Nicholas wai marrying the Prussian princess who is now nurs ing him in his-preinnturei old age, ii secret soeiotj was formed in Uussin which loft not an hotir'i ponce to Alexander for tho rest of his life. Foi niuo years ho livod in the knowledge that a greni conspiracy existed, tho object of wbieh was ti form a fedora I union of Sclavonic rcpuolies extending from- tho North Son, tc tho Adriatic,-that object of oourso including tho disposition ott tho llomnncff family. Ni mentis, either of fraud or force, wero of any um in putting down this conspiracy ; and fur niue years did Alexander walk about with his fearful ghost at his heels, never knowing whon tho mo. ment would como for him to feel its grasp. Thia society intended to rofXirm tho political condition of Itttssia nltogethcr.-nepl to reinstate Poland. The conspiracy wns n direct consequence uf tho war; and it is astonishing that Nicholas, who must know this very well, has nob deferred to tho Inst possi- ble moment tho sending Ilk armies forth in Euro- pean wurfnro. Hu knows very well that tho first secret society, tho Al I in neo of tho ¡Sons of tho Fatherland, was conceived, of find formed by young officers who had picked up ideas ofa better Uovci n mont than tho liussin:i itt loreign countries, and yet ho offered to sundihU So ces into Hungary on behalf of Austria, mil ¡lmlsth.it tho same thing happensngain ; that the officers lind oven tho com- mon soldiers have returned with somo notions in thair bends whioh mnko his Intervention in Hun- gary moro n loss to him-thnn a. gain. Tho military mon who-rcturncd homo after tho ponoo inoculated tho young nobility, and tho dis otfoetion sprond tliroug.'nthu »bolo class. It is an old story. Tho dospotio meurtroh and unenfran- chised people uro ono runty, mid tho nriatocrnoy another, mid thc two nro in constant antagonism in nit despotism. It is- tho »mural operation of this necessity whioh explains every llusshtn prob- lem, pnst nnd present, and will explain ovory fu- turo ono, ns long as despotism exists there. Tho singularity mid fatality-oPtlie Hussiun case Hus in thc extremo depression,, brutalisation, and hap- lessness of tho popular class. This peculiarity sooms to point to n most disastrous issue : and no- thing, in nil thu wayward conduct of the present Czar so justillos tho suspicion of his insanity ns his precipitating so uiineoosnrily tho catastrophe which sooner or later must come. It must bo re- membered, howevor, tti.t hu is ignorant. Ho lins no philosophical insight into- thu principios of in- terpretation of history,.muí ho little suspects how thu students mid philosophers of his day oin rend bia horoscope, and tell his future, or that of his. family mid cmplro, ns ooiilidently ns if thoy were prophets. Hy his best- qualities - his courngo, his enere}', and devotion to n present purpose- lie crusliul tho ho-tll.i enterprise nt tho time ; and now, nearly thirty years after, ho is doing his ut- most in his ignorance to revivo it. Uno secret Bocicty nftcr auotbor was discovered, in Alexan- der's limo, hut, under, tho appearance of suppres- sion, each iHcrgod in tho great ono which could nut bo traced. It spread south mid north, compre- hending nearly the rn'iole class of nobles-some of whom woro democratiu republicans, while others limited their demanda to reform, nnd tho deposi- tion of tho reigning: family. It is ti woll known fact that not otto distinguished family of nobles in tho whole otnplro woe unconnected with tho con- spiracy. Tho Czar-'» cotumitlco of enquiry ascer- tained this, mid witilt h tim other nll-iinportarit fact that thu immense majority woro tho oligitr clnsts, nnd tho uieii who desired chanco without any doslro to help.lu Inducing it; mon wlioeBchuw od tho doctrinal part of tho nlhilr, while rend/to avail thcinsulvc3<pi'actlcnl)y of tho issue. In cuicr wonts, tho majority wore found to bo mmiagcnblu by means ol sulfUnterest ; mid nothing could hu moro skilful for the moment than tho young C'jar's management ofi them. Tho first step of tho conspirators was to.órente confusion ns to the succession. Alcxnndcr's.vrilli tic creed that Niohtd.-iH should succeed him, mid Con- stantino's repudiation of thu crown was souled up with tho willi So tho conspirators declared for Constantino. Hut tho liul.lt of Uiissinn, perfidy ls ton strong for such dangerous oco .siens ; anil willie thu anospirntors were milking piiogrcss in St. Petersburg, mid gaining over ino sold ¡ors in battalions-, their chief mid dictator was. taking tho oaths to .Nicholas. It wns not safe to. inflict muoh punishment. Only tlvo men wero executed, and no more than 131 sent to .Siberia. ïlie wisest of tho ilvu deehii'od to ibo hist that nothing tut ii total reuo-vntlon uf tho cmplro. ami tho adoption of n freo constitution, could savo t'.iissia from vio- lent dlsinonihcriiiunt. When Poland nroso, live yours nfier this execution, tho Polos celebrated the death of thu Jtussiun martyrs, carrying llvo cullins through thu streets of Warsaw, inscribed with their untiles. Perhaps this may ho dono again, in tho anno streets, wien.that pruphuded u.siucmburmcnt of Itussia is accompli lied. Though that revolution tiki not tnko plnoo, ano-* thor did, far less expected. Niahohis became ny im rent ly a totally altered tuan. Tho strength uf his will has never shown Uself moro marvellously than In thu restraint which bu instantly put uyon his temper mid liimiuevs, mid maintained Cor ii long courso of yuni s, Thoso who littppen to have watched tho insano know that tho must fun vi ul of their peculim ill B, lu ninny o.tscs, is tho itisi-inta iicous transition fruin thu brutal to tho human stale. You catch their eye, mid uro liarrinud nt its expression of ferocity mid cruelty ; ami, before you can withdraw yuur gaze, lt ls gone, and till is ülnitil nuil gracious. Thus wns it with Xloholns, fruin thu moment whon his foot touched thu step of tho thi'oiio. Stem, but no longer irascible distant, but never ill-mmiiiured. tho brute part of him, known tu bo so largely Inherited from his ancestors, seemed lo lino buen east out. There wero always many wini know that it was not su; mid of lite, it is uiidci'stuoil. lils self-control hus g i von way, nnd his temper and mutinera uro Uko thoso uf Iiis yon Lil. What his government of lils dominions lins boon them ls no need to dusorluo. Tho moru hopeless bu broiiitiu uf doing etleuluiil good nt htiuiu, thu muru hu hus Inclined tu thu pulley nf Peter lind C-ithi.'i iiiu. Hu is nwnru that Hie nubles regard thc existing system ns doomed, nutt only expect ur desire lt tu lust limit' timo. Hu li a wa ru thai thu host uf altivos who worship hint mo no power in his blind, luit n mero burdell, A mau might us well hu king lu n wilderness peopled by sheep and wolves us lu Kunnin i mid nu ono knows thu better titan Nicholas. itu ls awn le that ho o.iii. not rookuu ou ibo honesty of ntry ono funetl juury of his, whulu tun'lvv, II« Un* invited nnd imti-i ! lionod tav ina and men of loiters, nnd institutod ecliools, nnd toiled harder tlinn lils own alnvos, nnd Ito perçoives tli.it society grows no botter, but rattier worse. Bo [io has rccourso to ochemos of torritorinl extension ; nnd thora tho saino ovils follow ;-Iiis ships nra rotten ; his onnnon bnlls are turned into woolton bowls ; his qulnino is found to bo on li bark ; and whilo ho is paying enormous broad bills, his soldiers aro perishing under a bran amt straw diet. Of his fannticism ono does not know what to say. His Empress turned Greek in a day to . murry him ; and this no doubt seemed to him all right and natural. Hut when he wantoil his daughter Olga to marry tho Arohduko Stephen, ho odored that BIIO should turn Romish in a day should embrace the faith of those nuns of Minsk who wore so very displeasing to his orthodoxy. It is probably in his caso tlio mixture of fanaticism and laxity which is so disgusting in the history of all churches at any timo dominant, and involved with tho »lato. In his family, bois no less unhappy than in othor relations. His faithful wife, who tins homo with much from him, partly hconuso thoro was no helping his passions, and partly bcoauso ho car- . ried on his attention to harthrough nil his vagaries, lins boon wearing out for many a dronry your under thc futiguos of tho lifo of empty amusement whioh ho iinposos on nil his family. One favourito duughtor is dead. Another is tho widow of tho Duo do Ijouohtonborg : nnd tho youngest is l'rin eess.Itoyal of Wurtemberg. Tho two eltlost sous aro nlways quarralling-ns is likoly to hnppon if, ns is universally understood, tho younger-(who is a Muscovite snvngo of tho .Moscow party)-strives nil in his power' to supplant his older hrothor who is a much milder nnd more cstirnnblo man in tho succession to tho throne. The Czar has till now roprossod their feud ; but it has. hilo his othor misfortunes, bocomo too much for him ; and tho scandal is fully avowed. If tho roign of Nicholas ehoub.1 ooma to a violant and with his lifo -Iiis mny not bo tho on'y royal blood shod on tho oocasion. Thus lins tho proud man, tho Emperor of All tho Kussins, passed his fifty- eighth birthday, sitting among tho wreck of nil his idols. They aro of clay; audit is lils own iron will that has shivered them nil. Instead of achieving territo- rial extension, ho has apparently brought cm tho hour of forcible dismemberment of his empire Instead of court gaiety, bis childish vanity has created only tho mirth which breaks tho heart nnd undermines thu lifo. Instead of socurlng family ponce by tho compressive power of his will, ho has mido 1MS sons-tho slaves, instand of himself tlio lord, of their passions. Ilntod hy his noblos ; liked only by thoso who can gl'o him no aid, and receive no good from him ; drawn in hyhis own passions \ to sacrifico them in hecatombs, whilo tboy lix their oyes on Iwnv ns their only hopo; trialled by his servants nih ovor tho ernpiro ; disappointed in his : army and its ofliuers ; afraid to luuvo Iiis capital, ? because it would bo laid wusta ns soon ns his back ] was turned ; cursed In nil directions for tlio dobts of his noble*, tho bankruptcy of trade, mid tho ; hunger of his-people-: conscious of tho reprobation ¡ of England and Franco, whoso reprobation could ; :bo no indifferent! matter to Lucifer himself; find- j 'lng himself out in his count about Austria, nnd . Rubout everybody but his despised brothers of j j 1'russia »nd (as nu nftcr-thought) Xnplos ; nnd < ¡notuall; humbled bcfi.ru the Turk ; what a posi- - ¡lion'for n man whoso birthday once scorned to bo > |an event in tho onlandar of tho universo I - Ho it jremombored, tho while, that ho is brokon in ¡health nnd hem. lio stoops nsifburdonod witli . years; ho trembles with weakness bconusa ho oannot tuko sufijo cut tooti. Tho oaglo glance has beoomi- whitish. Tko prom] calm of Iiis fino fuco has given way to nm expression of anxiety and troublo. . Lot him bo pitied, thon, and with kind ncos.. Ile is perhaps tho greatest sufferer in Ku rope, nod lot him' be regarded accordingly. Hut, as wo need not say, he is totally unfit for tho management ot humum destinies. \Vc havo no- thing to do with tho relations betweon himsolf and his subjects ; hut we must sec that ho novcr again lays tho weight od even his littlo finger on the-destlnlcs of any people beyond his own pro- pon* bounds. Wo have dono him so.mo harm, in tl« oour8o of years, by our supineness and credu- lity ; lind wo* must raga ml ourselves, therefore, as not unoouccrticd iii his present abasement. Wo must »in no moro in th-.» uuino way. Having thus resolved-hnviug in.-.de up our minds that this common foo shall do no moro hurt to anybody but his-own suhjeots-wo nco nt liborty to com- passionate, freely and kindly, tho wretched man who lins declined into ovory other ubyss before he roadlos that of tko gravo. 