OXFORD AND TUB D1SSI3NTI5KS. (Ii'iom the Weekly Newa, June 24.) Mon thu «go, wlion tito Oxford University J Dill was introduced into tho Hotiso of Commons, wo examined its provisions, and, though expressing no groat admira- tion of them por to, wo described thu measure as one upon the passing of which tlio country . would have to he congratu- lated, bceauso it niiordod a platform or basis for further and larger roforms. That Hill, however, has not only not yot passed, but lins been so rudoly dealt with »ines wo wroto, that it is little more than a ghost -or shadow of its -.former self," Thc Opposition at once,' as we predicted.,, minie good fight against u mensure which threatened to curry war into tho timo-honotired stronghold of Toryism. " Tho great mother of Churchmen and Tories" has not found her children undutiful according to their i lights. Tiley mustered strong, and an [nounccd to tho Government Hint unless j the Bill was shorn of its most objecti-m , able features, it would ho added to tho 1 ¡ numerous defeats which tho Adininistra ' lion had sustained, and the warning was j not given in vain. Government could n<it , fail to note that the great mais ol' thc j House cared almost as little ahout Oxford as they did about India, and that tho Hill 1 was being discussed nmid empty benches, ¡ except in the case of the phalanx of Ox i ford-tnnght Tories lcd by Mr. Walpole.' I So, after Ministers hud allowed a series I of dcl'eats on details to occur, and had I thereby obtained a sufficient justification , for saying that important alterations were i necessary if tho Bill were to bo passed nt 'all, thoy dealt with tho Oxford Abuses ' Bill just as they, through Mr. C.ird , well, had dealt with tho Railway j Abuses Dill ; that is to say, tlivy j mutilated tho measure, cut away most of j thc stringent clauses which gave il a, j value, and reduced it to nu " onabling " j.Bill, which permitted thc Oxford anthori ! ties, if they should please, to reform their j system. Mr. Cardwell had previously 'been kind enough to ''enable" tho rail- way authorities to reform their aystom, and, if it should please tho ÍIouso of Loni.-!, we doubt not that tho saino kind of eminently beneficial results will follow, in regard to Oxford, as tim public must have rematkod, with so much stirpiiso »nd gratitude, in tho case of tho railroads. No- body now is over run over, no trains ever como into collision, there aro no extor- tionate charges, no impertinence on the part of servants, no irregular starting of carriages, no factious conflicts of com- panies. And wo have no doubt that a year hence, Dissenters will be admitted to tho Universities, the system of education trill bo suited to thc requirements of the day, college extrava- gance will ho cheeked, and thu process of "cramming" will bo got rid of in favour of a more hoalthy and substantial course of training, and in short, Oxford, instead of turning out n mnss of superficially taught mon, who know, thoroughly, chiefly that which can be of little use to them in after life, will bo found educating the sons of our upper classes ns . tuon should be educated who bavo to talco thc load in our Senate, and in our pulpits, and in our liberal professions. En attendant, however, tho nuble work proceeds somewhat discouragingly. On Thursday night, for instance, it was pro- ' posed by one of tho best friends of the University, ono who is not afraid to suck \ ber improvement, that tho oaths should bo dono away by which Dissenters arc excluded from the benefits of u national institution. But the Government were fnr too much afraid of their Conservative critics to assent to anything so practical anti straightforward. Tho proposition was resisted upon ti variety of grounds, but strango to say, not one of then»-so f'nv as Oovornmcnt was concerned-was tito ground of justice. It was pleaded thnt tho proposal would ' inferiore with thc authority it was designed to give to the University, and it was suggested that tho Oxford Dons would be sure to let in thc .Dissenters in tito tno3t graceful manlier if Oxford could only bc made certain that tho nation wished it-tile somewhat loud expression of national feeling on tile sub- ject during tile lust half century not having, wo suppose, reached the sequestered banks of tho Isis, Then, again, it was urged thnt the I Iou se of Lords would lie vcr consent to such n proposition, and so tho Hoiiso of Commons was asked to take upon itself tho odium of refusing n just demand ra- ther than throw such a work up«n its bet- ters. Perhaps flunkeyisin has not gouo much farther, ol late years, than in this considerate effort to save tho IVors from i disgrace, and the sn pieion of some peuple that a largo portion of tho House of Commons really consists of nothing moro dignified than tho tools of thoaristoeracy. But wo should noto that young Lord Stnuloy, who is rapidly gaining un honour- able notoriety for tho liberality of his views, and tho boldness with which he ad vancos thom, declined to allow the House of Lords, (for which he has a right to en- tertain a gracoful regard) to be mado a Government stalking hoi\sc, nnd ho apprised tho ministers thnt he saw no certainty that tho Peers would not havo passed, thc amended Dill, ami that Government waa. acting with its usual policy-that of evading questions of prin- ciple. Let tho Dissenters know that tho heir of the Earl of Derby supported their claims. Tho union of tho Government and of tho Conservatives did not provo strong otiottgh to reject, ono of tho proposed clauses, though probably for tho présent thu Dissenters must remain where they are. We confess that tho result not only does not surprise, but by no menus grieves us. Wc entertain thu strongest conviction of thc right of tho Dissenters to ho ad- mitted to these great national schools, and, for tho sake of consistency and com- mon honesty we should rejoice to soe the Inst vestige of exclusion swept away. Hut wo frankly avow, at any rhd« of giv- ing umbrage, that wo do not believe that tho Dissenters would, if tho University woro thrown open nest tenn, make any largo usu of tho institution, or that, if they did so, it would do them much good, either individually or as a body. We cannot forgot tho argument whioh Sydney Smith brought forwurd in favour of admitting thc Roman Catholics to Pailinmont. Ho assured the Protestants that they had really nothing to fear from tho montent they ceased lo persecute. Lot a young Catholic gentleman bo elcolud, and como to London, and find thnt ho was not annoyed hecnuso he somatimcH wont to chapel instead of to church, and eat snl i mon on Friday instead of mutton, mid ho would soon become just SH careless and us debauched us any of Iiis young Protea .tantyfrfoiiilsTlvlib-""lomígod* clown St. iJnmcs's-stroel, Now,- we think lill1 t<m well of Dissenters-indeed, wo know tho Koeiul lifo of .Dissent too well-lo think tlmt ivMiltH unfavourable to thc morals of the Bttnlcnls sent from Nonconformist families, would to any extent follow from their admission to Oxford circles. Wc believe that their lot would bo cast in with tho numerous Church of England uivler I graduates who remember that, though fr jed from ull shackles but those self , imposed, they are gentlemen and Chris- tians. But wc believe that an undermining 1 process would speedily be sut up, that tho sturdiness and independence of mind which : gives at once the character and tho value \ to tho Protestant position ol' tho Dis 1 souter would gradually fado away, as ¡ ho found himself in tho "-dim religious ? light" of the Oxford cloister, and as the various influences of a time honoured sys ? tem carno into play upon the young mind. ' Wo doubt not that this estimólo will : offend many who deem their convictions too deeply rooted to bo shaken by ex ; ternal influences, but wo havo seen too much of tho absorbing process in action I elsewhere 'o doubt its efficacy al Oxford, and we frankly own that while we should grudge tho University no other converts, wc should not willingly seo tito higher ranks of Dissent thinned through - her instrumentality. This, however, wc repent, does trot lu'ar upon thc question of the inherent right of tho Dissenters to go to Oxford if they please, without having the Thirty- nine Articles of tho Oliuroh of England thrust under their hands for subscription, and without having nn oath exacted from them that they believe to tho letter what bishops (as was said on Thursday) cannot understand, and what conscientious men are allowed to believe in any way they please. Tho case of tho Dissenters has boen for tho timo abandoned by the so called Liberal Government ; but this may be deemod of small importance, for never was tho friendship of a Government less valuable to its jiToteQCs, hut wo do not think that thc subject will long be loft at rest. If tho Dissenting interest knew its own strength, and how to make legitimate uso of it, this, and one or taro othor grievances, would havo boon settled long ago. 