LETTER OF THE REV. DR. CAHILL TO THE REV. J. BURNS, PROTESTANT MINISTER, WHITEHAVEN, ( Concluded from our last.) Your Church has never ceased to publish through the world her great respect for the Scriptures, and to express her horror at any robbery, as she calls it, of the Word of God. Will you, then, tell me why you have, with such palpable shamelessness, mistranslated, substracted, and added to the most important passages of both the Old and the New Testament ? I shall, there fore select one text in reference to the present .sukject—namely, the 26th verse, of the 26th chapter of Saint Matthew. As it happens that I have not a Greek Testament with me, I must quote from memory ; and as your journals here have no Greek type, I must write in the English character. You will, of course, supply the long vowels where, they occur. Your Greek original of the text alluded to is : ' Estihionton de auton, Labon o Iesous, ton arton. Kai ? eidogesas, elclase, Kai edidou iois onathetais, Kai eipe Labete, phagete touto esti To somd mou.' ? Your translation of this text, taken from an edition in 1846, printed by Mr. Spottiswoode, SleetrStreet, London, is, 'And as they were eating, Jesus took bread, and blessed it, and broke it, and gave it to His Disciples,' &c.; Here you introduce the pronoun ' it' three times in order to carry the antecedent 'bread,' as it .were through the whole text, and therefore show .that it was this said bread the Apostles eat. Now, the pronoun 'it' is not found in the original, and thus the Protestant Church, with a palbable and shameful interpolation, corrupted the V^ieeiv iexi, ill uruei iu iuius.e uuo ttuc i-«j iuccl their absurd doctrine on this vital point. I have taken the trouble of comparing with the original text, the Gospel of Saint John, the Epistles of Saint Paul :to the Corinthians and to the Hebrews, and I have found one hundred and eighty-four texts mistranslated, being either interpolations or new meanings opposed to the philology, the genius, and the received construction of the Greek language. There are upwards of sixteen hundred errors in translation and additions, or substractions, or in terpolations in your Bible. The Protestant Church can lie in print as well as in speech : the iicri Myi lia dc Trrnll « +V10 tnnmio T fW-pW admit the honour and truth of their clergy in social intercourse : there is, however, no lie, how ever dishonourable, .no. misstatement, however discreditable, to which they .will not stoop in matters of Catholicity. ' I should be sorry to say one word hur.tful to you personally, as I can have no cause to do 'so ; and as I can have no feeling towards you but those of respect, yet, con-, sidering the shameful forgery of the Protestant Bible, I would prefer .that a Catholic should read the worst books of immorality than this forgery in God's ' Word, th\s slander of .Christ. .Old age can check immorality ; but .the forgeries of God's book, the lies .told o'f Christ, .the jvicked perver sion of the Inspired Volume, the base substitu tion of words, .the flagrant robbery of the text of life, are so many hideous crimes of Protestantism, that, in vengeance for such blasphemous interpo lation, the curse of all crimes, and of all errors, and of naked infidelity, seems to be inflicted on your. entire nation. You seem to smile in what you are pleased to call 'indignant sarcasm' against .the follies, the nonsense of Transubstantiation. If, Sir, you have any sympathy to spare, may I beg you will reserve it all for yourself, in order to console your self in the midst of the indignant sarcasm to .which yotir clear unacquaintance with this ques tion will expose you even before your friends ? Transubstantiation, though a stupendous myste rious fact, and beyond the power of men, is yet, Sir, a very common occurrence with God, and, i'ndeed, may be called .one of tlie most general iav)s qf nature, and may be seen amongst'lhe very first eyi'dences of His omnipotent will towards the racp of men on earth. ?Firstly, .then,' He created man by changing .' the slime of the earth' into .tlie .flesh and bones of Adam in His first official act of transubstan tiation, that is, by the word of God on matter. His second official act of changing the bony rib ot Adam into the flesh and blood of Eve was jilso transubstantiation by the word of God the Father on bone. The first official act of .Christ, on entering on the three years ; of His mission, was performed when he changed water into wine -it the wedding of Cana, by the word of Christ on water. The food, Sir, '(that is the bread and wine) which you and all men may have eaten on this day, has* been changed into flesh and blood on your own person, and on the persons of all men, by the word of God on the vital, action of the stomach. The universal crop 'of wood, and grasses, and flowers, and vegetables, and human and. animal food, which the earth annually pro duces, is an annual evidence of transubstantiation by the word of God the Father on the productive energy of the entire earth. The hat on your head, the silk in your cravat, the linen 'on your bac&fcthe; cloth of your wearing apparel, the wool or co^pn in your stockings, the leather in your hoots, the Whitehaven coals in your grates, the gas in your lamps, the bread, the butter, the cream, the sugar, the tea leaf, on your breakfast '?ble, the mutton, the beef, the bacon, the fowl, 'Ae wine, the brandy, the ale on your dinner table, in short almost every object the eye beholds on earth, is one vast aggregate of evidence of transubstantiation by the word of God on matter. Even the paper of your spurious Bible, the leather on the back, the Indian ink are such evidences of transubstantiation that one can scarcely conceive how you could read that very Bible without being burned with scalding shame at the stark naked nonsense and incongruous maniasm you have written to me on the subject. God has sup plied us, durng four thousand years, with this mighty, universal, constant evidence, in order to prepare us for the more mighty, infinitely more stupendous evidence of the same principle in the new law by the power and the word of Christ The Father has given life and preserved life in all living, things on earth by this principle of nature, in order to make us, behold the uniformity of action in the Trinity when Christ at his coming will give life to the soul and preserve it in grace on the self-same principle ' the bread that I will give is My flesh for the life of tlie world' You will reply on me and say, that while God has done all I have said, yet that man could not do it. You mistake : a man can do it, when commanded to do so, by the word of God. Moses changed a rod into a serpent, and changed a serpent into a rod : he changed the waters of the river Nile into blood, and the same river of blood into water, by the word of God on his lips. And do you not think, Sir, even in your common sense, that a man in the new law could do the same thing as a man in the old law if he were commanded to do so ? The word of God will certainly have the same power in every place, in every age, and in every man on whom that Word will descend. Now, Sir, you have seen in St. Paul to the Corinthians the text where St. Paul in an ecstacy of astonishment, told them that he heard from the lips of Christ how He changed bread and wine into His Body and Blood : and concluded by also informing them, that, in the same breath, Christ had ordered the Apostles, by two distinct commands, to mark its importance, to do the same in re membrance of Him. And lest it should occur to your common sense that the Apostles had not the power to execute the command, will, you hear, Sir, the words of Christ to them ? ' All power is given to Me in Heaven and on earth : receive ye, therefore, the Holy Ghost.' This text, therefore, gives not only the gifts of the Holy Ghost, but the Third Person of the Trinity himself, as an official resident, with the Apostles and their successors, in order to communicate the permanent power under debate. Thus, Sir, between the clear texts ef St. John, St. Matthew, and St. Paul, and the nature of the case, and the general fact of transubstantiation, and the double command, and the permanent official presence of the Holy Ghost, equal to the Father and the Son, I think, Sir, your common sense must yield at length, and acknowledge with candour, that our case is complete, our warrant of office in this great act most decided, and, of course, the effi cient exercise of our power beyond the reach of cavil or contradiction. But you will say, that such a fact has never occurred in the new law. This is a mistake : it happened in the Incarnation. When the Arch angel (a creature) announced to Mary the will of God, who sent him to wait on her, and to tell her that she would bring forth a son, she replied, ' How can it be, as I know not man?' he re sumed, ' It will be done by the power and opera tion of the Holy Ghost.' Here, Sir, is a posi tion, which might be argued as a clear case of transubstantiation, in the very first act of the new law : namely, the blood of Mary, the relative of Adam, the criminal, changed into a human body for the Second Person of the Trinity by the power of .the Holy Ghost. Thus, Sir, if the re demption and the perfection of fallen man com menced by an act of transubstantiation in the In carnation, why not continue the same principle amongst all future men by the power and opera tion of the same Holy Ghost? But you will certainly reassert, as you have done in your illogical, intemperate, untheological letter to me, that a thing must be always essenti ally what it appears to be. You are generally right, Sir, in the laws of Nature; but in the laws of grace, the senses must be silent, even under your most favourable position, whenever the word of God makes the statement. Thus the dove, which alighted on the shoulder of Christ at .the Jordan, had all the. appearance of a dove to the sense of seeing ; and this sense was not de ceived,, because its 'domain is entirely cenfined to appearances. But, Sir, it was not a dove: it was the Holy Ghost under the appearance of a dove, $0 point out the spotlessness of Christ. Again, the twelve tongues of fire, which descended on the Apostles, were not tongues, nor fire, but 'the form of tongues of fire,' but they were really the Holy Ghost, in order to express the new burning zeal and the gift of languages given to the Apostles. Will you- say why cannot Christ appear under the appearance of bread, the form of wine, as well as the Holy Ghost under the ap pearance of a dove and tongues of fire, in order to point out how he feeds the soul, and thus carry but the promise He has made when He said, 'the bread that I will give is My flesh for the life of the world. ?' Why do you not tell your congregation at Whitehaven 'not to believe that ' the dove or the fiery tongues' were the Holy Ghost ? You are bound so to do in your system of the infallibility of your Protestant eyesight; ? You ought to tell them that you. consider the testimony of the sen ses as the testimony of. God,' and therefore the eye is right ! ! You ought also to inform them when you are alone in your drawing-room, and can neither see, smell, taste, hear, or feel the air, that therefore there is no air in Whitehaven.' Tell them also that the eyes of the Jews did not see the Godhead in Christ, that therefore He was not God. Tell them also that, as He ap peared a criminal it must therefore be. a- fact (founded on the senses and God) that he was a malefactor. Tell them also that the ascension., of Our Lord is a mere fable, because, from the laws of gravitation- (to which »thesenscs bear unerrinsj; testimony,) no body can ascend upwards, com posed of flesh and bone, as His was, 'The senses are God's own law; and, he cannot contra dict himself;' Tell them also that as fire can not burn a man's thoughts, that, therefore, it cannot reach the soul ; that the senses tell you that fire can only reach matter, and consequently (you have the testimony of1 the 'senses and God), that there is at present no Hell, as the body has not yet risen. Do, Sir, tell -the world all this Whitehaven theology, and let nothing be believed, unless it is as palpabk as a railroad, and can be seen iborlring like a steam engine. You also ask how can His body be present on our altars unseen, and when I reply ' by the Sacramental mode,' you cannot comprehend me, and you have recourse to your ' indignant sarcasm.' Now, Sir, you are perfectly acquain ted with the coals of Whitebaven : will you be pleased to see it hard-coal going into the furnace of the gasometer; see it very soon bituminous, tarry, liquid coal under the action of the furnace ; see it again burning in the gasometer gaseous coal; and see it again burning in your jets, flaming coal — that is to say, it is palpable ia the furnace— impalpable in the gasometer ; that is to say again, invisible in the tubes, and visible at the jets ; that is to say again, darkness in the tubes and light in the lamps. Will you kindly tell us how can the same thing be palpable, and impalpable, visible and invisible, darkness and light ? Now, Sir, if all these modes apparently contradictory, and even contrary, belong even to the ordinary form of matter, will you tell us why cavinnt. Christ, fissnwiri smv Vmllr nv mrw fnvvn in any mode of existence He pleases, and still be the same self-same Christ, but in a new mode of existence ? This, Sir, is the case on our altar : it was the case, when; after the Resurrection, He entered the closed doors, and stood in the midat of the Apostles. I am now done with this mere cursory view of this question, with one additional remark on the words you have used, namely, ' that we create our Creator.' This phrase does not become you ; and your bigotry will gain notoriety by this phrase, at the expense of your education as a theologian. You are clearly, palpably ignorant of our doctrine, and it is distressing to reflect how a gentleman could not have honour to spare the Catholics, and discretion to spare himself, by publicly writing on a subject which decidedly you have never studied as a scholar. No, Sir, we do not create our Creator ! Hear me. We just do what we are commanded to do ; hence, when He took bread and changed it into His body He com manded us to de the same, and we believe we do change it into His body. In like manner He changed the wine into His blood and told us to da the same, and we believe we change the wine into His blood. But he has not said ' This is My divinity, do this,' and therefore do not do that ; and hence you malign and calumniate when you say ' we create our Creator.' Our office is changing the bread and wine into the Humanity, not the Divinity, of Christ ; but as the Humanity is essentially united with the Divinity, therefore, wherever the Humanity is present there also must be the Divinity, not by our creation, as you are pleased to write to your dupes at Whitehaven, but by the essential concomitance of the two natures of Christ, which can never be separated, standing before God for ever, since His resurrec tion, as the living triumph of His mission, and the eternal pledge and security of man's un changing justification. I have the honour to be, Reverend Sir, Your obedient servant, D. W. CAHILL, D.D. P.S. — You cannot retort on me, and against my belief of the Eucharist, the same cognate words which I have applied to your new interpre tation. This retort would only prove that my belief may subject the Host to be 'profaned. I admit it; it may be profaned by- sinners, but adored by all the good. But even so, that profa nation, since the Resurrection, cannot be accom panied with shame, or sorrow, or agony. And when the infidel asks you can you beleive in a God who was mocked, blindfolded, spit on in the Hall of Pilate, flogged naked at a pillar, crucified between two thieves, and His blood spilled and profaned, will you say, Sir, what is your reply? You admit the whole charge, and answer that these facts, so far from destroying your belief only confirm it, and prove beyond all* other facts that He was the Saviour. If your reply, there fore, to the infidel be valuable and invincible, the same reply from me to you must be equally valuable and invincible. If his retort on you would be foolish in Christian faith, yours would be equally foolish against me. You cannot make an argument serve two opposite points — an argu ment cannot be urged pro and con. If your re tort against me possess force, the infidel triumphs over you. Therefore I admit that the Sacred Host may be profaned by sinners. And if every thing in faith must be 'rejected w-hich is or. may be profaned, you must on this principle reject the ? Father, the Son, the Holy Ghost, and grace, and faith, and the entire Christian law. AH the ob jection you can raise to our doctrine is, that it exposes Christ to be sacramentallij profaned, a fact which He once bore in His natural form. What happened once can never, . therefore, be deemed absurd, or incongruous;-- whereas our objection to your interpretation is, that it stands before the mind, if I may so speak, ? an evident absurdity, a plain impossibility. Our doctrine may, therefore, end in. the profanation of Christ from sinners, a , position which X presume you frequently put forth before your congregation ; but our creed can never be charged with a meta physical absurdity. 