HOW MR. VANSITTART IMPALED HIMSELF ON THE HORNS OF A MATRIMONIAL DILEMMA, AND HOW I RELIEVED HIM FROM HIS FIX. It was about eight o'clock in the evening, and I reclined in an easy chair before a blazing fire in my sitting-room in Macquarie street. It was the close of the month of May; and the even- ings were chilly. I was alone, for I have neither wife nor children. I am a bachelor,-though, thank heaven ! not yet an old one. Why-ah ! why does not some nice young woman with a thousand a year take me under her protection ? I promise her that I will .spend.it with the greatest possible ease. I had arrived at my fifth or sixth glass of Harvie's best claret I held the wine between my eye and the candlelight, and, admiring its rosy hue, sipped again and again, with an occasional smack of the lips not to be sup- pressed. " What a capital fellow this Harvie is," thought I, to have such excellent wine ! " I drank a couple of glasses more, and I declared emphatically and aloud, although I was still by myself, that Mr. Harvie was a great benefactor of that portion of the human species that resides in New South Wales. I was in- voking blessings on the head of this philanthropic oinopole, when the door opened and Charley Vansittart walked in. "Ah! how do you do, Van-my dear Van-my excellent friend ? I am delighted to see you." "Thank you/Howard-you are very kind-I am pretty well." " Sit down, man, and help me with some of this capital wine. You have a fine palate-you can appreciate it. That swine Jones was in here the other night, and said he'd rather have a glass of good strong brandy than all the claret in France. I told him to_ go over to the pitblic house, and the fellow went. That's a man who gets drurk every night-and on brandy, too." . " Frightful snob, ,ToneS(! " said Vansittart. " I quite agree with' 3»ou, Van : he is decidedly calculated to excite terror and alarm." Vansittart had meanwhile filled the.glass which I pushed over to him-it is a standing rule of mine always to keep a second glass, on the table, whose presence seems silently to invoke the advent of some friend-and swallowed its contents at a draught. He smacked his lips, swore the wiue was regular nectar, filled again, emptied his glass again, and informed ine that he felt considerably better. Rejoiced to hear of the improvement in the health of my friend, I looked at him with attention, and saw that some traces of melan- choly, which his countenance had exhibited when he entered the room, were gradually disappearing. -"Yes!" cried Yan, "I feel much better,-but still I am the-1 most miserable fellow in existence !" . i "lam sorry for it, my dear Van-my excellent friend ; but, at all events, you are not so miserable as when you felt worse." " No ! " said Van, with an abstracted sigh. " " That reflection toa well-regulated mind should be some conso- lation." " Yes, but there is the thing, Howard ! " exclaimed Vansittart, striking his clenched fist on the table with an emphasis that impe- rilled the equilibrium of the bottle-which I therefore, having a proper respect for its contents, lowered to a position of horizontal recumbency. " There it is ! I have not a well-regulated mind never had-and never shall have ! " and he again struck the table,, causing the bottle to roll, and the glasses to dance. " Now, my good friend, Van," said I, " be quiet, be calm. You are a man of some reading, and of some knowledge of the world. You are my particular friend-that is saying enough. You ought' to know, then, that it is highly absurd for a man like you or me to get into a passion, or to suffer himself to be unpleasantly excited" at anything. What, indeed, is there in this world of sufficient consequence to discompose a philosopher-a philosopher, Van, like you br me? To be angry isa much greater evil than the 'thing which you axe angry at. Therefore, my dear, good Van," suffer nothing seriously to annoy you. Follow my example-sei how I sit here, Alive and merry at twenty year, Dipping my nose in the Gascon wine. Come, fill your glass ! " " With all my heart ; the wine is de-li-ci-ous !" ; " What a ?.rood fellow that Harvie is ! To go to the trouble oi sending to the far distant France,-to have goods shipped there and transmitted to this country through all the dangers of a tem- pestuous sea, and in spite of Russian privateers,-in order, my dear Van, that you and I may have the pleasure of drinking th« best possible wine!" " Let us* drink his health,'" cried Van, thumping his class on the table, and then holding it np to me in transparent vacuity. " To be sure! certainly! by all means!" said I, uncorking another bottle, crowning my friend's glass with the generous liquor, and filling my own' to the brim. " To the excellent Harvie ! to the benefactor of that portion of his species that resides in New South-Wales ! " ' ? ' ' ' :'- ' . : . ! Vansittart broke in willi a " hip ! hip ! hurrah ! " that sounded very jolly, considering that it emanated from "the most miserable fellow in existence;"'-and both.glasses were set down at the same time, emptied'of their ruby contents. After this therè was a pause. Vari seemed to relax into his me- lancholy, and I, with some little curiosity, scanned the expression of the countenance of Van. "Come; Van; what is it ? make a clean breast of it; confess all to your'friend. Remember the words of the English saçré-'Â principal fruit of friendship is the ease and discharge of the fulness of the heart, -which passions of all kinds do cause and induce.'" ' "Ah, my dear Henry, I'd tell you with.ease and readiness in another matter-for I have always been' accustomed to have re- course to you for consolation and for counsel. But this affair is sc strange, so very peculiar, that I feel a great difficulty about enter- ing upon it, even to you. And yet, I came here to-night with the express intention of telling you all, and asking yöur advice." " To be sure you did. To whom else should you go ? and who else could advise and direct you as I can ? Come, Van. Makt me at once aparticeps curarum." " Ah, my dear fellow ! this is no common thing-this is a seriou! affair-you will despise me." " If it be so bad that you are afraid to tell it to me, I shall cer- tainly despise you. Come-what nonsense ! One would think tba you were a timid girl, that this mighty secret, was a bad tooth, ant that I was a dentist going to extract it. Are you in debt ?" " Not much-and, besides, that would be nothing." " As you very properly observe, that would be nothing. I wai a fool to ask the question. Has your uncle died and left you no- thing in his will ? " " Oh, no ! I am all right there-and, the last time I heard from London, the old gentleman was unfortunately ia the enjoyment oi excellent health." Perhaps you are suffering from dyspepsia contracted at the last birth-day ball ? I saw you on Monday night, crushing in a most awful manner towards the supper-room. I really was asto- nished-I felt perfectly ashamed of you, Van!"' a " Egad, I felt ashamed of myself ! But it was that little minx Briarly, whom I had on my arm, and who insisted on getting in amongst the first hatch, as she called it, to supper. I observed to her, in a very cool manner, that fighting and squeezing, in order to feed sooner, seemed to me, as a civilised being, to be a revolting idea. She opened her large, mud-coloured eyes, laughed aloud, and told me I was a very funny young man. She really thought I was jesting, and that I had give-utterance to some capital joke." . ,...,':. " Well, what the deuce is the matter ? I am getting tired of abortively guessing. You are not in love, I know-you are sub- ject to no tender illusien; if you were, the problem would be solved." "Oh; Howard !" exclaimed Vansittart, with a deep groan; "What! is it possible ? Have you, through a slip of the un- derstanding, fallen into love ? Do you worship a bit of flesh like yourself, because it has got a face without whiskers, and is called a woman ? " . Van gave another groan, accompanied with a deprecatory ges- ture. " Well, well ! I see how it is. It can't be helped. You were destined to this from all eternity. And, although it is a foolish and preposterous thing in a man turned of twenty to fall in love, yet there is nothing in it of an absolutely despicable natureland there- fore I do not despise you, as you apprehended." " Oh, my dear fellow, you don't know all. If I had only fallen in love, I should care very little." " Upon my word, Vansittart, you surprise me. What more can there be ? what woree can you have done ? Perhaps, having fallen into love, a trap-door, (cunningly contrived) has given way under you, and precipitated you into the abyss of matrimony ? Eh ? " " I am not married, Howard." , ".But going to be?" "I am sure, I don't know-I wish I did." "Well, positively, my good friend, lean make nothing out of this. You don't know whether you are going to be married ! Do you know whether you are going to be hanged? Come, tell me this much. Have you proposed to any girl ? " . " I have." " Has she accepted you ? " " She has, I am delighted to say-and yet, I'd give anything she hadn't." . . ." Oh, you. are altogether above me-up in one of the stars philandering in the planet Venus. You are ^delighted she has, and yet you would give anything she hadn't. What am I to make out of that ? If you are a Sphinx, I cannot solve your enigmas. Howard sum, non Odipus. If you want any advice from me, you must speak more plainly." ."I.really had no thought of puzzling you: I spoke naturally, . according to my feelings." " Your feelings must be of a singular nature." " Oh, indeed they are-and so is my position. I am in a devil ! of a fix. There is no mistake at all about it-except the very hor- rible mistake which I have made "-and Vansittart sighed deeply, and shook his head with most melan- choly emphasis. : " Go on," said I ; " let us have a few more little enigmas." ... . '.'.Well, I wish to tell you everything, Howard. Ask:me any questions you please, and I'll answer them." , " Whom, then, did you propose to ?" " Welk.then, I proposed to Sarah Brown, and to---" "And to ?" ' .' : , V And to Emily Lablonde." '" Oh, but my good friend, you forget. You are in-I will not say a civilised country, for a country cannot be called civilised until it has got railways- but you are, at least, in a Christian country. You are certainly not in Turkey, nor yet among ïhe American Mormooites. You cannot, accordingly, have two wives -unless you are willing to risk a prosecution for bigamy. To pro- pose to two women was, .therefore, a mistake on your part. That is, of course, if you were accepted by both-as yon were, no doubt* irresistible lady-killer that you are." " Well, Howard, when you have done jesting, perhaps you will then let me have the benefit of your advice." " You were then-but fill your glass, and I will fill mine ; wine is a great counsellor, and will suggest some expedient-you-were then, as I conjectured, accepted by both ladies ? " " I was,-I am sorry to say,-and yet I am also exceedingly glad!" "Oh ! you have gone back to 'riddle, riddle me right,* I see." " "Why, to he plain, and to out with the whole matter at once, I hate one girl, and I ani madly in love with the other. You see, then, that I am not at all inconsistent in saying that I am both glad azid sorry that I was accepted." " I see. A thing I ;do not see, however, is, why you should have proposed for a jjirl whom you hated. . Iris an unusual way of ma. nifestimr dislike. ; Indeed,: I do not see why. you,should have pro- posed for. two women at all. At. least, without having got-rid of the first. You should have remembered, . : , .It is well to be.off with the old love, Before you be on with the new. | I am taking, for. granted that you did'not propose for both at the same time,--thóiigh, ybifma'y.have,done that, for all J know." " Well,Howard,.am-1 .to.expfct'-'any ádvice.'fromjdií,'pr not? " " Well, Vansittart, am I tó expéct from ybü'.'a fuir explanation, or not? " " . ' ' ': J" - " ., ' . " Yon are." . .. ... r . " Then, you are."' ' '"" "'";,.'( *"''.'. " Well, here goes. " I'll tell you .the whole affair as briefly as possible- but, first j I'll'fill ' iriy glass. "Nb/thank^ybu, I shan't smoke." -, ; ,: .. ff .¡- ,, \- " They're capitàl cigars, though,? ;" " I'll try one by-'arid-bye. Business first, pleasure afterwards. Are you ready now ? " " Yes, Van, I am all attention." ...... .. "Well, then, you must know that it is about a year since I first saw Emily Lablonde. So soon as I saw her, I loved her." 'j Bravo ! By Jove, I knew Emily'Làblonde was the girl ! Im- possible to hate a girl of that name !" " I cannot confess properly if you interrupt me. Well, you must know that Miss Lablonde is an heiress ; the only child of old Lablonde, (he .rich merchant.-But yoti know him, perhaps ?" " No, I know no one in Sydney. I have not been here quite so long as you." " You are aware that I am very poor ? " " Oh, I am fully aware pf that. I believe you are even poorer than I am.-Well, and the rich Mr. Lablonde did not approve of a penniless young gentleman for a son-in-law ? " He has not been yet asked ; and you are altogether mistaken in his character. He is, in fact, one of a thousand. Of poor and humble parents, Mr. Lablonde worked his own way to affluence. Though still an uneducated man, he is fully alive to the inesti- mable value of education, and never attempts to depreciate it, as many others in his circumstances would do. On the contrary, he has a higher respect for learning, and a less regard for mere money, than any man I ever knew." " Well, in that case, my dear Van, no doubt he would have I thought you an eligible son-in-law-you have, at least, little ' enough money to please him. And so, the young lady having ac ! cepted you, I really do not see-" I " Ah, but, my dear fellow, do not take the bit in your mouth in j this manner, or we shall never get safe to the story's end. I told j you that I loved Emily'at first sight." j " You told me that." . ' j With a wave bf his hand, Vansittart proceeded. "Yes, I loved j her with my whole heart that first night. She looked so lovely in i her simple white dress, with the one white rose in her hair ! I did not seem, though, to have made any impression upon her. I danced with her, but I was so confused, so timid-and you know I am generally not either-that T hardly once opened my lips." . " Not exactly the best way to impress a woman," said I, emit- ting from my mouth a sententious puff of tobacco smoke. " Perhaps so. But my heart alone was engaged that night. my wit, my intellect- such as they are-were dormant." " And yet," said I, musingly, and with a sigh, "I have heard that love is eloquent." " So it is-so it is, when it has arrived at maturity. But not, when it is first born-not in its infancy. Then it is a poor helpless child-the most weak and shiftless in the world. Wait till it has grown a little-and it grows quickly-until it has learned its al- phabet and its spelling-and, oh ! it learns quickly-and ¿ken hear it speak! Then you will find no orator to equal it.-Well, I con- tinued to see Emily frequently, but she did not appear to notice me. I began to reflect, moreover, that I had as yet no opportunity of estimating lier real, character. She was surrounded always, wherever she went, by a li»ht cloud of fops-and you know what your true Sydney fop is,-the' most vulgar, brainless,unsipid animal in creation." " Really, you give me credit for knowledge which I. don't pos- sess. I have not hud your experience." " In the dull homage of these coxcombs she.-seemed to take pride and pleasure- especially, as I thought, when I was present. I have heard her laugh at tritenesses and vulgarities which ought to disgust any woman of sense and breeding. And yet, I felt still that I loved-that I could not help loving her! There, was a habitual grace in her carriage and movements that fascinated me ; genius seemed even sometimes to speak from her lips and flash from her eye; nay, I thought that more than once I detected an expression of tenderness in her ulance as it met, mine-but she at once recovered herself, and I could not be sure that what was so transient had ever really existed. Thus was I kept in a state of the most harrowing uncertainty and suspense," " Why, I observed nothing of all this in your manner. You must be an adept in dissimulation." " Oh ! I am able to conceal my feelings. I can laugh and sing with the merriest, while my heart suffers inwardly:-* Well, although I was given so little hope'.by the daughter, the father seemed rather inclined to encourage mè. On one occasion, when we were alone together, he said to me, in what I considered a very signifi- cant, tone of vo'ce, 'There goes Emily'-she had just left the room-' as pretty a slip. of a girl as any in Sydney, though her father says it. She's fit for a gentleman, and none but a gentle, man, born and bred, shall have her. About money I don't caro that,'and he snapped his fingers; 'Emily will have enough for both. I have worked hard for my money, and it's an odd thing if I'm "not able to get a gentleman for my son-in-law.' " " Well, that gave vou a very fair opening. What did you'say Ito it?" . "I said nothing. I was in a dark rage, for Emily, as I thought, had just slighted me in a very marked maimer. I hurried off at once,-arid called upon Miss Brown, the only daughter Qi'old Brown the bullion broker-Do you know old Brown ?" " A little." / . . . . ; A regular savage-a wild beast." " If Mr. Brown heard you, he would think you were flattering him:" " Oh.no! I am quite in earnest, I assure you. Adulation is not my way. Well as I told you, I called on Miss BrOwn-- and Miss Brown is-ia-" ¡ " Well, is what ?" " Well, she's very like Mr. Brown. However, I had paid her a good deal of attention for some time. Sydney is rather dull ; and her ridiculous airs and affectations amused me when I had nothing else to do. I blush to say, too, that I sometimes caught myself pondering on the wealth of her fathex, and Téflectirig that I might cure myself of the disorder called poverty, by swallowing a gilded pill." " Such a remedy would be considerably worse than the disease. Man of woman was never yet happy who married for money." ' " There I agree with you. But we do not always do what we know to be best for our own interests. If we did, how different this World would be! A fine house and equipage-ease and plea- sure-honour and power-these things seem fair in the distance to men and women, but when grasped, too often, like the Dead Sea fruit, crumble into ashes. The yearning heart is still unsatisfied." Here Vansittart sighed heavily, and fixed his eyes on the blaz- ing .fire with a look of abstraction. No doubt the "yearning heart " was thinking on little Emily. " Courage, my boy!" said I, clapping him on the shoulder, as I rose to get a fresh bottle-" you shall yet have her. She loves you,-does she not ?" " Yes ! she loves me-and that is it-lt.is that that makes my conduct so abominable." " Oh ! you would rather have her hate you V " I would." " A singular sort qf a lover. But go on with your story." " Yes, I must go on, and have done with it. I fear I am boring 'you." " Oh, not at all. On^the contrary you quite interest me." " Well,, you must know, then, that-wild with rage and piqne, and utterly reckless and desperate--I proposed to Miss Brown. The horrible girl threw herself at once into my arms, and pretended to 1 "faint." J " By Jove !" " That was too much, you know. Too much by two or three stone-for she is frightfully heavy." . " Well, what did you do ? Were you equal to an affair of such Weight?" " Oh, I instinctively stepped backwards; and she, tripping in the carpet, and being turned sideways, came down by the run. She gave a short surprised cry, but was protected by her bustle-she wears an immense one-from serious injury. I of course apolo- gised for my awkwardness. I was confused by her kindness- per- plexed-overpowered. She received my excuses with a gracious and tender smile, and I quitted the house regularly engaged to Miss Brown. I seemed as if I were in a dream. I could not be .lieve'it. I, Charles Vansittart, indissolubly joined for the rest of my life to a woman for whom I did not care-a woman whom I despised-a woman with whom I had not one idea in common. I was Unutterably wretched, and I hated her." "Hated her! Why? She was fond of you." " Ah! my friend, thoughmngry with Emily, I still loved her and was not Sarah the riváKpf Emily? I thought of what my condition was, and what it might have been ; and then I cursed Sarah, and Emily, and myself. I* is thus that I have been for the last six weeks. I have felt banished from the society of men; from all communion with my kind. I have felt as if I were doomed to be alone in the mighty universe for ever." The tears shone in Vansittart's!-eyes. I was rather surprised, for I had not thought him capable of any deep feeling. How often, by the way, do we wrong people in this manner. There may be profound thought under a gay look, and a solemn face may hide a .shallow heart. I pressed his hand, and exclaimed, " Courage> Van! you shall yet have her." ¡He shook his head. " I do not see. the way-I am dishonoured -But I must make an endof this. Yesterday I met old Lablonde in the street. He asked me to dine with him. I consented. I kuow I ought not to have done so. But I said to myself, ' Emily ' is nothing to me now-she can never be mine. I must, neverthe- less, see her in the world, and I must school myself into seeing her without emotion. The sooner I begin, then, the better. How we deceive oursel ves ! I really think I believed at the time that I was influenced by this reasoning. There were only five in the party. There was a maiden aunt of Emily's, and a Mr. Gandon, an old friend of Lablonde's. I was seated next ta Emily, but I hardly interchanged a word with her during the whole of dinner- time. She looked very pale, and seemed reserved ; and I thought there was a certain anxiety in her eyes. Mr. Gandon spoke much, and noisily. He and the maiden amit almost monopolised the conversation. Lablonde keeps up the old custom of taking . wine with his guests. I asked Emily, and, as I poured out the wine for her, my hand shook so that the decanter rattled against her glass. 'No wonder I am nervous,' I thought : ' I am pour- ing out a libation to the ghost af departed happiness.' Shortly after dessert wis placed on the table, Emily rose. The maiden aunt seemed reluctant to stir, but she was. obliged to follow. The wine was not good. Lablonde pays the highest price, but he is taken in. 4 How fortunate,' thought I, 'is the presence of the maiden aunt ! . Only for that, I should have to stay here, and drink bad wine ; for I could not venture to go up stairs if Emily were alone. But now I can go,' and I rose from the table. I en- tered the drawing-room. The maiden aunt was reelining in an ?? easy chair, and seemed fast asleep, I looked round mechanically ?for Emily. She was not in the room. I advanced to the window, . which was thrown open-treading softly, lest I might disturb the slumbers of the maiden aunt-and looked out. It was a lovely night. An Australian moon lit up the Domain, and the more distant waters of Port Jackson, as they seemed to slumber in secu- rity beneath the British flag that waved above. On such a night I had once ventured to speak of love tb her-, and she had seemed to listen. I sighed. Was it an echo ? fox the sigh was repeated. I stepped out into the balcony, and found myself next to Emily. She had been concealed from my view by a fold of the curtain. Oh, Howard, how I trembled then ! A sudden force seemed to strike. . me, which I felt it was vain to resist. The destiny of my life ! seemed coming upon me, and I almost thought I could hear the rushing of its wings. She, too, seemed strangely affected. She . plucked a rose from a tree that stood in the balcony, and at once ; began to pull it to pieces, I thaught it was an emblem of my heart. I looked into her face. It wore an expression of peculiar .tenderness, mixed with.a pathetic sorrow, which I had never be- fore remarked. « She loves me £' I thought, ' and I love her ! ?Ashall she not thea be' mine ? What shall prevent it ? Honour ? honour may conquer life, but must yield to love ! Shall: honour . ' bind me toa woman I hate ? shall honour -part-me! from a -.woman I adore ? Honour-a name ! a:shadow! Xoy.e.'.lovçiorW is the only reality i Oh, there is no joy for rue iu tlie universe, if í have t not Emily! The grave, the grave alone remains forme, if thia girl be not mine !'" Vansittart had risen from his seat, and paced about the room as, with flashing eyes and impetuous gestures, he poured forth these words. " Calm yourself, Van, Sit down and take another glass of wine. It is a mistake to suppose that good wine excites a man. It does no such thing-unless, indeed, it be taken in veiy great excess. On the contrary, it has a soothing effect on the mind, which it braces to bear the blows and shocks of ill-fortune. It causes a man to look at things like a philosopher, and to assign to each its due place and importance. Molehills, when regarded through a wine glass, are not magnified into mountains. Wine is staunch, and always ready to comfort you. Women are fickle, and hot to be depended on. Heighp!" l ara afraid that my profound dissertation on oinology was en- tirely thrown away on my friend, who, no doubt, was thinking all the while of Emily Lablonde (the jade ! ). He sat down abstract- edly, and drank off the glass of wine which I had poured out for him. " By an irresistible impulse I took her hand," said he. "Our eyes met : there was a long deep mutual glance, and our souls seemed at once to run into the same current. I clasped her in my arms, and she laid her head on my shoulder, and sobbed. It was a low jealous sob, which the ear of love alone could hear. Then she.told me in broken words that she had loved me long, but that she had thought that I did not care for her-that I despised her. . Oh, how those words went to my heart ! My beautiful, darling 'Emily ! But I must not tell you what I said to her: that must not be repeated to mortal ear. Oh, wretch that I was to doubt her ! 'Double-dyed wretch that I was-that I am-to betray her! For I have betrayed her. How can I marry her with honour ? Am not I, indeed, wholly and for ever dishonoured ? " cried poor Van, wringing hid hands. " But you laugh at me, no doubt-you think me mad-you have never loved." "You are mistaken," said I quietly. " I have loved, andI was deceived. Since that, I seem to have lost the faculty of loving. It is'altogether as well, perhaps. If one had two or three millions j of years to love a woman in, it would be différent ; but for ten or twenty years-by Jove ! it's not worth troubling one's head or heart about. However, that only refers to me. I tell you, Van, that you shall have'her." " But how ? I do not see." " Will you be guided by me ?" " Yes, I suppose it is the best thing I can do." " Of course it is. I tell you, then, that I have some knowledge of Mr. Brown's character-" " Indeed ?" " and that I have some influence with him." " Ha ! " - ' " You described him very justly ; he is a thorough-bred savage, i His fortunes in one respect resemble Mr. Lablonde's, but his dis !, position is in all respects the very opposite. Like Mr. Lablonde, j he is an uneducated man, and rose from a very humble position ; ! but unlike that gentleman, he detests and pretends to despise edu- cation, and what he calls 'gentility.' I chanced to meet him at dinner one day, when he made some monstrous assertion which rendered him the laughing- stock of the party. Partly from com- passion, and partly from an innate love of perverseness and para- dox, I sided with him, and managed to show, at all events, that much more could be said for his proposition than the laughers had at first supposed. He swore-employing a very emphatic adjura- tion-that I was the cleverest man he had ever met, and said that he would be my friend for ever. He has since frequently invited me to his house, but I have never gone. However, I have met him on several occasions, and he always pays me the greatest de- ference, and renews his invitation. So, you see, I know Mr. Brown? " Oh, yes." Very good that will do, then." " But what do you intend to do ?" " Leave it all to me; I have my plan.-Come!, fill your glass. Here's to Emily Lablonde ! For, Van, my boy, you shall have her !" That night, after Vansittart went, I wrote a letter to Mr. Brown, and had it posted in time for the morning delivery. In it I told him, to be brief, that a young gentleman of my acquaintance was paying his addresses to Miss Brown ; that the young gentleman was a man of education and breeding, but of no money ; that Mr. .Brown might possibly prefer ' gentility' to riches, but that, whether he did or not, I considered it my duty, as his friend, to inform him of the circumstance that had come to my knowledge. At an early hour on the following day, while Vansittart (for whom I had sent) was with me, in rushed Mr. Brown in violent agitation. " Oh, my dear young friend, I am obleeged to you for ever ! Tell me at once, who he is ! Who is the villain who's trying to seduce my girl's affections ? Who is the beggarly scoundrel ? Tell me at once ! Do ye hear ?" " But, my dear sir, you seem to forget that the person in ques- tion is a gentleman," said I, hardly able to repress a smile, while I looked at Vansittart, who, for his part, moved restlessly on his chair, and seemed on the whole hot to feel quite at his ease. " A gentleman ? That for his gentility !" snapping his fingers, and 'protruding his lips-" That for his gentility ! A beggarly fellow without a farthing ! Cock him up with my daughter, in- deed ! It wasn't for such as him that I earned her fifty thousand pounds. No ! No man shall have my girl, who hasn't the tin the brads-the rhino-and1, if he has med himself from the lowest, so much the better. The smallest nugget is worth all the gentility in the world. So, come now ; tell me who he is. Who is this confounded plundering blackguard, who wants to rob me of my money ? Eh ? » Who is he?" J Administering, under cover of the table, an admonitory kick to Van, who seemed to be getting indignant, I replied-" Really, Mr. I Brown, I am not at liberty to disclose the young gentleman's ' name. That would be a hreach of good-fellowship."' j " D-n good fellowship, and its breach too ! You don't mean to put me off in this way !" and he struck the table with violence. I " Sir, I was not obliged to give you any info-rmation at all, and I am unable to give you any more. You must make the best of what you have got." Well, well, Mr. Howard, no offence ! But it's so provoking just when I have got so far. However, what would you recommend me to do ?" " I advise you to admit BO gentlemen into your house." " And capital advice, too ! I'm never easy in their company ; Ialwa)sthink they're laughing at me. Do ye hear tiat, Mr. Vansittart ? You're a gentleman, I believe. Well, I forbid you my house from this time forth. You may come, Mr. Howard, if you please, for-" " You are very . kind,-but I shall impartially observe in my own case the rule which I recommended." "'How.-kind pf you, my dear young, friend ! ' Wha^ ^ good yqung man ! Now, tf.you.were; only, rici), aud'feáatyt ' theTmisfarturie to ' he a gentleman) I declare I'd. give you'Salf "ButI'd ¿dVise ihat *, jackanapes to take care. If I find'any gentleman, young or old, coming about my house, it will be worse for him," and, shaking me by the hand, he left the room as hurriedly as he had entered'it. " Well, Van, my boy, shan't you have her ? Old Brown will now go home, and blow up Miss Sarah, and threaten to cut her oft* with a shilling. You will now go horne, and write a letter to* Miss. Sarah, telling her that you are extremely sorry, that your heart is' broken, and sc», on-but thaU, from certain' sentiments which you heard Mr. Brown lately express-, you; are convinced that nothing: would ever reconcile him to the'match, and that therefore you must surrender that hope-so long the subject of your thoughts by day,, of your dreams by night-the sweet, sweet hope of making her thine. :For that you could never enter a family against .the wish of its head, and that you could never enjoy happiness purchased by disunion between a father and his child» You-may say as many other things as..you please. But do-not be ambiguous : get rid of Sal, and no iriiàtàke;" I must hurry matters up-I. must make a rush at the end' of my story. Vansittart gave ear to my advice, and gave her conge to Miss Sarah«. I believe the poor girl always: thought he was quite sincere, and pitied him- very much1; but (as11 knew very well) she did not love him to distraction, and therefore did not break her heart. She is alive and well, and very fat. She is still a maiden. Van and Emily have been married nearly a year; and live with; her father; The four are very happy (for there is a young Van, who has the nose of old Van, and the eyes of old Lablonde). I feel that the contemplation of their domestic bliss has an effect upon me: it is fast dissolving my coldness and my prejudices. In. fact, the first time that I meet with a very pretty, amiable, and highly accomplished girl, with1 a thousand a year or so, I have made up my mind to marry her. There will, to be sure, be sacrifices : but I am resolved to make them like a man-. . . ÖUTONGI. 