WHAT IS A PROTESTANT? (To the Editors of the Freeman's Journal.) Gentlemen — The innovations of that great humbug of Christendom, Protestantism, induce me to renew the question — what is a Protestant ? He is not a Catholic, you will say, but that is not the question. What is a Protestant? He must be a rebel against Christ teaching through His Catholic Church. Just so, for he is, as a religion ist, a nondescript. What he is not, any one can tell; but what he is or what he is believing, is a mystery to all, and perhaps to himself. His opinion is 'his church,' and his 'narrow' way to Heaven 'affords ample liberty and space not only for him, but for a member 'of every one of the ' sects ' to go all abreast at their leisure. Seri ously, the position of .a Protestant is most unfpiv tunate, and 'now;* since the laws have relaxed their, hold onus, xand allowed us the. privilege of talking, it: would be uncharitable as well as un grateful any longer to be, silent upon what might serve him,; and- awaken him to a sense of his danger.. Let,, -our- missioners ; try to forget the penal laws, and, .their- barbarous operation during the last three hundred years ; let them labour to convert the Protestants ;ind bring them to Catho-» licity, and they, will , afterwards meet their re ward, England has rich ? treasurs in store for them, and will remunerate them yet for uli their toil and all their sufferings. - In looking into Tail's Magazine, some new Protestant publication caught my eye; a sample of which I will give you, in order that your Pro testant readers, if you have- any, may receive a demonstration of the never-ending changeableness, and everlasting patching that attends Protestant ism. /TheJiev. T. G. .Morton has written a new work on ' the true theory of a Church,' upon which that Review remarks : ' For ourselves we are about tired of ecclesiastical controversies. It is time they.were settled, and if they cannot be settled, then it is time they were silenced. That there is some truth at the bottom of all religious developments, Mr. Horton denies.; and he seems to think that an ecclesiastical system must be either all right or all wrong. . The Church he re gards as an economy divinely instituted, not as a growth, affected as well as .suggested by ordi nary, human, and social necessities.' Mr. Hor ton was a Wesleyan, but dissatisfied with the principles of his party, retired and undertook the task of setting up a perfectly new church, and building it as we have seen, on his own private judgment. Next comes professor. Newman ; his booic is ' Essays towards a Church of the future.' This gentleman gives the plan of another new Church, quite different to the former, and capa cious enough to contain within it every Protest ant denomination in existence. His judgment to himself appears sound and solid, and yet to every one else it is ridiculously absurd. What says the Westminster Review? ' Professor New man's proposals for Catholic union, rich as they are in large-hearted suggestions and wise rebuke ?of many grievous ills, leave upon the whole a sad impression, at once revealing the intense need of a church other than can yet be found, and con vincing us by the very attempt at its construc tion, that its erection is impossible. He wojuld impose no condition of entrance to his society be yond a profession of practical reverence for good ness, and so would not exclude the speculative Atheist.' These are only two out of numberless similar instances confirmatory of the fact that Protest antism — in the opinion of Protestants, learned, and therefore more qualified to pronounce that opinion — is not Christian truth. They place their conviction on record that there is no such thing as Protestant truth. Yet, strange to think, they believe that such truth, though not hitherto in the world, may yet be discovered. They have not said how it is possible to. bring it about, or whence it could come, but merely that it is want ing. Surely they can have no hope to arrive at it by the help of individual judgment, lor of that they have had ample trial ; that is the ignis fatuus, which has set them all astray. Perh-ips they look forward to a revelation, if not from above, at least from the spirit of the great re former. I doubt very much whether the reformer enjoys that liberty of action he so much loved on earth ; and I am greatly mistaken if the ma jority of Protestants are not much of my opinion. To hope for assistance from that quarter is folly, and yet it is not more so than to expect it from above. Tne'y have ' Moses and the Prophets'' in the Old Law, and the Church in the New; and if they will not hear them, I am afraid they j will have 'to wait until that last and terrible day when the truth shall be pronounced to their con fusion, and when they shall not be able to derive benefit from its knowledge. The Bishop of Barcelona describes a Protestant as an 'unfortunate, and without father or mother.' This is, perhaps, the best definition that can be given of him ; for, according to Saint Augustine, be cannot have God for his Father, who has not the Church for his Mother. How deplorable, therefore, the condition. of a Protest ant ! And yet how indifferent is he himself to an affair of such importance ; for he is aware that it is said that ' the Lord addeth daily to, the Church such as shall be saved,' and consequently, that those who like himself are not added to the Church, will not be saved. He shuts- his eyes,, hating the light, because daylight is too strong for them : he opens them only; by. night ; for, like the owl, he can see best.in the dark. He.knows that a Church was founded by Christ, that its marks are Unity, Holiness, Catholicity, . and Apos tolioity, that is, that it should be always the same — should come down in an unbroken succession from the Apostles — should be spread throughout all nations, and should be. distinguished by. the holiness of its doctrine and of many of its mem bers ; — he knows all this, and that the Church in communion with the Holy See, is the only Church which can claim all these honourable titles — the only Church whose energies and vitality bespeak immortality, and in which God, by the august mysteries, is duly worshipped and honoured — he knows that the Catholic Church is the only living realization of all that [ was predicted of it, both by the anciehfoprophet^. . ,. and by Christ ; nevertheless hie 'cries out like'Vhe V peasant -that fell into the Thames,. 'I ' wiiW-e. . ' drowned, and. nobody shall save'm'e.'-' 'rv{ .' ' , ' *'??' The Protestant is in -a state of! -revolt against : v the Church, and as long, as h&ns-so;, - Be ''can 7 never hope for repose. Not only. soj- but -he wastes all his energies and vocabulary in one. im- measurable' round of abuse and misrepresentative ',. slander of the. Church, now shackling it, now torturing it; and using every expedient which the malice.of men and. devils cm sug;j*st fin- its ^ex tinction, but in. vain;;: What labour-m-Vain work he employs himself in ! Is that the way for him to work out his salvation ? Oh, 'infatuated Protestant! -know you not what Christ said — . . ' unless you become as -a. little child, you cannot enter into the kingdom of God.' Iio\y marv'el-. ; ' lous and striking. the contrast between a 'Protest- ant and a- little child ; between the churlish* rebellious spiritof the former, and. fche'sirhplicity ' , and docility of the latter. It furnishes an; excel- ?? . lent lesson for .the Protestant, which cannot fail ? to awaken in him feelings penitent and salutar.y; .,, if he will only give it that attention it deserves.: He will see' that if he had acted as' the little ' child, he would, like it, have submitted. 'to the commands of a parent; he would, -instead' of trusting himself to the errors of his volatile judg ment, have submitted both his judgment and him self to the more trustworthy judgment' and safe guidance of the Church, and in doing so, would have given his sanction to the truism— - a truism intelligible to all men but Protestants— that in the multitude oj councillors there is safety. Let- Protestants, therefore, be advised and abandon that Will- o'-the- Wisp— that treacherous, fallacious judgment of theirs whicli has been hitherto leading them astray, and upon the correctness of whose decision in the ordinary transactions of life they would by no means depend — a principle which has torn their party into pieces — which has divided and sub- . divided them — which has raked up such bitter ness and dissensions — such mutual wrangling and everlasting war— such cursing, hating, and ' blaspheming of on« another, that the Devil must certainly be among them and at the head of the movement. Such are the effects of private judgment, sufficient, no one will deny, to break both the spirit and the will of the most inm-liearte-l Protestant. It is only in the Catholic Church. ,;..; that peace can be found, and where, by follow- r; ; ing her wise and salutary, directions — -authorized,.,., , by Christ, and inspired by the Holy Ghosts- ' , ' both the heart and the mind can be satisfieU and , at ease, and where her children, though numbe'r- ? ing hundreds of milliors, with the stamp of r; ? Divine favour impressed .? upon them, are asso ciated together in the closest bonds of brother-: ? hood, and in the words of Holy Writ, possess; and behave as though they had but one heart and one soul. I am, Gentlemen, Your faithful servant, FIDES. Sydney, November 8, 1854. 