\- THE NEWCOMES.-No. 3. One of Colonel Newcome's fellow-passengers from India was Mr. James Binnie of the civil service, a jolly young bachelor of two or three and forty, who, having spent half of his life in Bengal, was bent upon enjoying the remainder in Britain or in Europe, if .a residence at home should prove agreeable to him. The nabob of books and tradition is a personage no longer to be found among us. He is neither as wealthy nor as wicked as the jaundiced monster of romances and comedies, who purchases the estates of broken down English gentlemen, with rupees tortured out of bleeding rajahs, who smokes a hookah in public, and in private .carries about a guilty conscience, diamonds of untold value, and a diseased liver ; who has a vulgar -wife, with a retinue of black servants whom she maltreats, and a gentle son and daughter with good impulses and an imperfect education, desirous to amend their .own and their parents' lives, and thoroughly ashamed of the follies .of the old people. If you go to the house of an Indian gentleman now, he does not say " Bring more curricles," like the famous Nabob of Stanstead Park. He goes to Leadenhall-street ' in an omnibus, and walks back from the city for exercise. I have known . some who have had maid-servants to wait on them at dinner. I have met scores who look as florid and rosy as any British squire who has never left his paternal beef and acres. They do not wear nankeen jackets in summer. Their livers are not out of order any more; and as for hookahs, I daresay there are not two now kept alight within the bills of mortality ; and that retired Indians would as soon think of smoking them, as their wives would of burning themselves on their husbands' bodies at the cemetery, Kensal Oreen, near to the Tyburnian quarter of the city which the Indian world at present inhabits. It used to be Baker-street, and Har ley-street ; it used to be Portland Place, and in more early days Bedford-square, where the Indian magnates flourished: districts ?which have fallen from their pristine state of splendour now, even as Agra, and Benares, and Lucknow, and Tippoo Sultan's city are-' fallen. After two-and-twenty years' absence from London, Mr. Binnie returned to it on the top of the Gosport coach with a hat-box and ,a little portmanteau, a pink fresh-shaven face, a perfect appetite, . a suit of doilies like everybody else's, and not the shadow of a hlack servant. He called a cab at the White Horse Cellar, and drove to Nerot's Hotel, Clifford-street ; and he gave the cabman .eightpence, making the fellow, who grumbled, understand, that Clifford-street was not two hundred yards from Bond-street and . that he was paid at the rate of five shillings and fourpence per .mile-calculating the mile at only sixteen hundred yards. He .asked the waiter at what time Colonel Newcome had ordered ^dinner, and finding there was an hour on his hands before the meal, -walked out to examine the neighbourhood for a lodging where he .could live more quietly than in a hotel. He called it a hotal. Mr. Binnie was a North Briton, his father having been a writer to the ;Signet, in Edinburgh, who had procured his son a writership in .return for electioneering services done to an East Indian Director. Binnie had his retiring-pension, and, besides, had saved half his allowances ever since he had been in India. He was a man of .great reading, no small ability, considerable accomplishment, ex- cellent good sense and good humour. The ostentatious said he was a screw ; but he gave away more money than far more extra- vagant people :, he was a disciple of David Hume (whom he ad- mired more than any other mortal), and the serious denounced, him as a man of dangerous principles, though there were among the serious, men much more dangerous than James Binnie. On returning to his hotel, Colonel Newcome found this worthy gentleman installed in his room in the best arm-chair sleeping cosily ; the evening paper laid decently over his plump waistcoat, and his little legs placed on an opposite chair. Mr. Binnie woke up briskly when the Colonel entered. " It is you, you gad-about, is it ?" cried the civilian. " How has the beau monde of London treated the Indian Adonis ? Have you made a sensation, New come ? Gad, Tom, I remember you a buck of bucks when that coat first came out to Calcutta-just a Barrackpore Brumnel in Lord Minto's reign was it, or when Lord Hastings was Satrap over us ? " A man must have one good coat," says the Colonel ; " I don't profess to be a dandy ; but get a coat from a good tailor, and then have done with it." He still thought his garment was as hand- some as need be. " Done with it-ye're never done with it ! " cries the civilian. " An old coat is an old friend, old Binnie. I dont want to be rid of one or the other. How long did you and my boy sit up to- gether-isn't he a fine lad, Binnie ? I expect you are going to put him down for something handsome in your will." " See what it is to have a real friend now, Colonel ! I sate up for ye, or let us say more correctly, I waited for you-because I knew you would want to talk about that scapegrace of yours. And if I had gone to bed, I should have had you walking up to No. 26, and waking me out of my first rosy slumber. Well, now con- fess ; avoid not. Haven't ye fallen in love with some young beauty on the very first night of your arrival in your sister's salong, and selected a mother-in-law for young Scapegrace ?" " Isn't he a fine fellow, James? " says the Colonel, lighting a cheroot as he sits on the table. Was it joy, or the bed-room candle ?? with which he lighted his cigar, which illuminated his honest fea- tures so, and made them so to shine ? " I have been occupied, sir, in taking the lad's moral measure : ment : and have pumped him as successfully as ever I cross-exa- mined a rogue in my court. . I place his qualities thus :-Love of approbation sixteen. Benevolence fourteen. Combativeness foi teen. Adhesiveness two. Amati veness is not yet of course fui developed, "but I expect will be prodeeyiously strong. The im ginative and reflective organs are very large--those of calculati weak. He may make a poet or a painter, or you may make ' sojor of him, though worse men than him's good enough for that hut a bad merchant, a lazy"law7er,and a miserable mathematick He has wit and conscientiousness, so ye musn't think of making clergyman of him." ' Binnie! " says the Colonel, gravely, "you are always snec ing at the cloth." . " When I think that but for my appointment in India, I shou have been a luminary of the faith and a pillar of the churc .grappling with the ghostly enemy in the pulpit, and giving e the psawm. Eh, sir, what a loss Scottish Divinity . has had James Binnie !" cries the little civilian with his most comicnl fa( But that is not the question. My opinion, Colonel, is, that youl scapegrace will give you a deal' of trouble ; or would, only yi .are so absurdly proud of him that you think every thing he do is perfaction. He'll spend your money for you : he'll do as litl work as need be. He'll get into scrapes .-with' the sax. He's a most as.simple as his father, and that is to say that any rogue w cheat him : and he seems to me to have got your obstinate habit telling the truth, Colonel, which may prevent his getting on in t' world, but on the other hand will keep him from going very wron So that though there is every fear for him, there's some hope ai some consolation." " What do you think of his Latin and Greek ? " asks the Col nel. Before going out to his party, Newcome had laid a dei scheme with Binnie, and it had been agreed that the latter shou examine the young fellow in his humanities. "Wall," cries the Scot, " I find that the lad knows as mui about Greek and Latin as I knew myself when I was eightei years of age." " My dear Binnie, is it possible ? You, the best scholar in t India!" " And which amounted to exactly nothing. He has acquired five years, and by the admirable seestem purshood at your publ schools, just about as much knowledge of" the ancient language as he could get by three months' application at home. Mind ye, don't say he would apply ; it is most probable he would do i such thing. But at the cost of-how much ? two hundred pouni annually-for five years- he has acquired about five and twen guineas worth ofclassical literature-enough I dare say to enab him to quote Horace respectably through life, and what more c ye want from a young man of his expectations? I think I shou! send him into the army, that's thft best place for him-there the least to do, and the handsomest clothes to wear. Acce se< mm ! " says the little wag, daintily taking up the tail of his friend coat. " There's never, any knowing whether you are in jest or in earr est, Binnie," the puzzled Colonel said. " How should you know, when I don't know myself? " ans wered the Scotchman. " In earnest now, Tom Newcome, I thin -your boy is as fine a lad as I ever set eyes on. He seems to hav intelligence and good temper. He carries his letter of re»om meudation in his countenance: and with the honesty-and th rupees, mind ye-which he inherits from his father, the deuce i in it if he can't make his way. What.time's the breakfast? Eh but it was a comfort this morning not to hear the holy-stoning 01 the deck. We ought to go into lodgings, and not fling our mone; out of the window of this hotel. We must make the young ohaj take us about and show us the town in the morning, Tom. I hat but three days of it five-and-twenty years ago, and I propose ti reshoome my observations to-morrow after breakfast. We'll jus go on deck and see how's her head before we turn in, eh Colonel ?' and with this the jolly gen tl email nodded over his candle to hi friend, and trotted oif to bed. The Colonel and his friend were light sleepers and early risers like most men that come from the country where they had botl been.so long sojourning, and were awake and dressed long befon j the London waiters had thought of quitting their beds. Th« housemaid was ihe only being stirring in the morning when little Mr. Binnie blundered over her pail as she was'washing the deck Early as he was, his fellow-traveller had preceded him. Binnie found the Colonel in his sitting- room arrayed in what are called in Scotland his stocking-feet, already puffing the cigar, which ir truth was seldom out of his mouth at any hour of the day. He had a couple of bed-rooms adjacent to this sitting-room, and when Binnie, as brisk and rosy about the gills as Chanticleer, broke out in a morning salutation, " Hush," says the Colonel, putting a long.finger up to his mouth, and advancing towards him as noiselessly as a ghost. " What's in the wind now ? " asks the little Scot; "and what for have ye not got your shoes on ? " " Clive's asleep," says the Colonel, with a countenance full of extreme anxiety. " The darling boy slumbers, does he ? " said the wag ; "mayn't I just step in and look at his beautiful countenance whilst he's asleep, Colonel? " " You may if you take off those confounded creaking shoes," the other answered, quite gravely ; and Binnie turned away to hide his jolly round face, which was screwed up with laughter. " Have ye been breathing a prayer over your rosy infant's slum- bers, Tom," asks Mr. Binnie. " And if I have, James Binnie," the Colonel said, gravely, and his sallow face blushing somewhat, " if I have, I hope I've done no harm. The last time I saw him asleep ivas nine years ago, a sickly pale-faced little boy in his little cot, and now, sir, that I see him again, strong and handsome, and all that a fond father can wish to see a boy, I should be an ungrateful villain, James, if I didn't-if I didn't do what you said just now, and thank God Al- mighty for restoring him to me." Binnie did not laugh any more. " By George, Tom Newcome," said he, "you're just one of the saints of the earth. If all men were like you, there'd be an end to both our trades ; there would be no fighting and no soldiering, no rogues, and no magistrates to catch them." The Colonel wondered at his friend's enthusiasm, who was not used to be complimentary; indeed what so usual with him as that simple act of gratitude and devotion about which his comrade spoke to him ? To ask a blessing for his boy was as na- tural to him as to wake with the sunrise, or to go to rest when the day was over. His first and his last thought was always the child. The two gentlemen were home in time enough to find Clive dressed, and his uncle arrived for breakfast. The Colonel said a grace over thac meal: the life was begun which he had longed and prayed for, and the son smiling before his eyes who had been in his , thoughts for so many fond years. LORD CAMPBELL remarked lately, that in Garrick's time an action was tried, the only question in which was, what was meant by a " clear benefit;" but that great actor made a very bad wit- j ness, for all that could be got out of him was, that a " clear benefit" was a "clear benefit." 