CHIPS. WER )MAJESTY'S SERVICE. '-I at a Queen's messenger, or rather, I was; for, of. course, I am a chost, or I should -not. dare to write this article. V ell, then. I was a Queen's messenger, and it was while hurrying home from Dahomey with'the accotint of an ambassadorial sqnabble that I met with a little adventure in the neighbouring state of Tombuc too, which retarded myjourney. It also caused me' for some time to be in bad odour with the clerks of the Foreign Office; and. as all my happiness, while in this- world of course de pended on the opinion of those gentlemen, I am anxious, though a shade, to clear miny; defunet: reputation. About the time to which I refer, manv~people were meeting with similar mishaps;, foe it was subsequent to the appointment of Lord Fiddle. dedee as British representative at that court, and the Government of l'ombhutoo were happyv itn the conviction that they might take any liherty they liked with such an agreeable elderly gentlemen. This however was not my fault,' it was merely my misfortune. M1 mishap occurred in a railway, and in con-. aequence of the suspicious appearance of a com mercial traveller, who sat on the opposite seat. He had a book of patterns with him-a neat book-an English book, with a morocco cover, -and a little patent lock. It might have been a despatch box, or it might have been used, indeed, for carrying forbidden pamphlets and revoltt tionarv manifestoes; though, I corifess, this idea did nit occur to me at the time. \-- Iei.g anxious to do as mach business as pos sible, no matter what was the subject started by ,his travellio ,omntpanions. hoe contrived to. turn it, sooli or late,' to printed cottons, andlto open his book of patterns; lie was a pushing, .butttliiig,'money-makling Briton, with spare whis 'ker.,'ind 'Osmtg, clean face. B?etween Dahomey and Tombuotoo he bhd opened his book of patterns twenty times, to different persons whom he supposed might be htkely to trade with him ; and a close acquaint ance had sprang up between us. Indeed, I was never tired of admiring the smart little man and his patterns. His determined earnestness in .irving to take fortune by the forelook, and to bear her away from all competitors, had a kind of fascination. We were drawing near to the famous capital of 'l'ombnotoo, and travelling quite alone in a large carriage Every now and then, the guard came to look at nt to see if we were safe; once or twice he called us by our names, atd referred to ant omitnous looking paper which he carried in his thantd. Variottn guards camne 'n to look at us indeed, and on the appearance of every new one, something almost like the ceremony of an introduction seemed to pass between us. My acquaintance, whose name was Gossop, grew alarmedl; and even to me there seemed something suspiciots in the close attention paid to us. At length, on ottr arrival at ''ombttctoo, the book of patterns disappeared for ever. Perhaps the authorities -at Tum buotoo sire ashamed to give it up, alter. having arrested two peaceable individuals on the strength of its contents. Perhaps they thought it miaht furnish a cine to some' new species ot cypl.er. At all events we passed just sixte-u houts inl a most dreary gaol, till the matter was cleared up in some incomprehesSithle' manner; and then we were jet oet without the spattleot p?lW tiolt . ' Veo had the hoinor of an intcrviow with Lor.' Fildleldoden's pn-ter, upon tho subjoct, on the following day. Mvy Lord was taking a mnote lb';cu, and conhl not be seen. After some d.lay nwe were show' itl!n a r, n ton in \slith waer a ensiderritio staflt.if well dre'-.d v.tn'. gIentle trlan, wrrming tlhat-lvei :,i vey: v;aritty of ia-itiomt: and to then~ y',t' e..o:ntlentn wIv. were introdnceld by a grove fin;ion:try, who could not speak English The young gentle men sceemed to think wte had m"t with a pleasmt. adventurr. anil rallied nI, i greathlv about it. " But," said Mfr. Gossop, dolefilly addresiing one whose attention appeared to he chiefly ab sorbed in etressing a strange wilt ernp of hair, "I have lst my patterns, I am nobo ly-nothing -the obj.±ct of my jiurney is lost." " Oh, you can e. sily !get others,' saidi the young gent iltn. " It- is not. worth while ma:kinr a row aboutf that. Bat do tell I u sometliit about . the iliae wo'here jtheyJ shut you up." The lively young tliplomiatist sslniled on air ofn awakened intereit and,delight.at the prospect which had thus unexiectedly turned' up, of suptlying him with arnaming informa tion, upon a subject with which, he was unac quainted. Mr Gossop was abashed at thIftreaimeni het grew atlo irate, and his story became coiifdsed. Wratmhful, tonzled, hnagry, red-eyed, fresh froinm prison, that titue-bred Briton 'was 'quite a dtfoe rent plrsn from the hriak, cleair-=hetded, well= t irnm?el little m,,n, who vaminted his wires with sueh a kaeut eye to the main cliihne' only forty eight hours 'befie: '' You kmnw you can have nothintg to say in t he bsiness;" ohsorvd'lthe livelyoytuiig g:entle man with the wild haiir.' " I is ?r Toroffy lio makes the complaint. . t . ' Gosnip," said my compianiion " Well, Giullop then,"- atidAhe, livply.yung' gqntleman, ,!' Upoin my word, Mr. Gotiop,,1~ think' vann had t better, forger all abouto it ,and leave |Torhbcton as soon as you can, for fear they shdhlil lay iold, of ,yoinagainp . 'ou aee you,were nlearlv in thewrong-? " Bid you 'forgetr," I said; "'tia,, I, was ntopped also ;l and, as "a Government servant. 9arry)ing despatches, the consequence of such an arrest n ight have'been serious'.' " Oh I f," said the young.,rereenttive of Britain 'aily; "'If' my anut id whisikeri she would be my uncle." - . •".Stuffi broke in another, young gentle man, who hadl been trying to fix a remarkahbly obstinate eye-glass into ihi"ldft eye. " Sttlff Captain Bolt! ilir.Tif8ti,"'thei'sub-.sice:insul at Dahomey,. was slopped the other day: I am,afraid.Huffey at the Foreign'Ofl0ce will be very angry with yoa about this." •I had, never heard of Hiffleyi--and ,asked meekly who he was. SDoi'i youtknow HutIfey, the chief clerk of the Dahomey ,and ;Tombectoo, deparitmnti~n You had better go to him diredtly you get to Londoli and explain the affair'.privately." "Explain what ?" said I, rather ' discon certed. itWhy, about your getting iiito' this mess with the.police, iand giving all this trouble." •" Oh, indeed !" sinid'I.' .... ", ". This 'was all that came of our complaint, What befell my companion subsequentlv I don't. know;. flr it ?ras plain that I had better not keep company with sucli a dangerous character, at Toimbretoo, during the, glorious rmission o6 Fiddlddedeoe. 