UNIONS OF LITERARY AND MECHANICS' INSTITUTIONS. The union system is only a larger exemplification of the Mo- changes' Institute it is a series of wheels brought to action on the other, and thus producing by the sum of their combined operations a far greater amount of power than could be hoped from one of these systems left separate and to Itself. | The St. Hon. Thes, V'yse. Tun history of Unions of Mechanics' Institutions may be traced to an article which appeared in the Leeds Mercury in the month of September, 1837, in which r the Editor pointed out certain defects in the miners ment of Mechanics' Institutions, as well as their general want of adaptation in their whole scheme and structure to secure the ends Bought by their formation, viz., the thorough instruction of mechanics and after sans in such branches of knowledge as bear on their particular occupations. The writer of' the article, Mr. Edward Baines, to whom the honour of founding these County Unions of Institutions raggedly due, proposed that the Mechanics' Institutions within a certain district should form themselves into a union for the purpose of engaging one or more permanent lecturers to itinerate among them, and to give a regular course of instruction in those sciences which have the most direct bearing on the manufacturing operations common to the district. The subjects of instruction contemplate i by him were mechanics, chemistry, political economy, and' statistics ; the latter two so far as they embrace the history and principles of trade and commerce, and conduce to the well-being of the industrious classes, One lecturer to give instruction on two or more subjects ; but a sufficient number of lecturers was to be engaged to supply the associated Institutes with an unbroken series of tuition on each t subject, conducting the student from its simple elements to its higher branches; in this manner constituting each institute a complete school for every branch of art or science necessary to the joiner, the mason, the builder, the engineer, the machine maker, the dyer, and the manufacturer. This scheme excited considerable attention in the West Riding of Yorkshire, and several communications were addressed to the secretary of the Leeds Institution, urging a meeting of delegates to confer on the propriety of adopting it. These suggestions were adopted at a meeting of delegates from the Institutes of the West Riding, assembled in Leeds on the 11th of December, In the circular convening this meeting, the Leeds committee, after detailing Mr. E. Baines's plan, expressed their opinion of the im- practicability of carrying it out to its whole extent ; but suggested, as a modification of it, that instead of engaging permanent teachers of mechanical and chemical science, to., the Union should employ the most eminent lecturers from time to time, in giving concur- rent courses of lectures to the whole or a part of the associated Institutes, and that an annual meeting of the Union should beheld to confer on new plans or suggestions relating to the general management of Mechanics' institutes. As a basis for discussion at the meeting, the circular remained a i ketch of rules for the government of the Union, and concluded in these words:-" This plan appears to embrace two important objects: first, the interchange of opinion and advice on the local management of Mechanics' Institutes, and the consequent rapid diffusion of improved methods; secondly, the procuring of first rate lectures on scientific subjects, systematically arranged and subordinate to each other, so as to present a connected and comprehensive view of each, at a much lower pecuniary cost than can be done by isolated engagements." [On recurring to the objects which the founder of the Yorkshire Union had in view in the formation of this the first association of the kind, it will be seen that he contemplated supplying by means of lectures, an unbroken series of tuition on an oh subjects desideratum which has yet to be achieved!.] The meeting so convened was attended by doU gates from the Institutions at Bradford, Barnsley, Dews bury, Halifax, Huddersfield, Keighley, Leeds, Otley, Ripon, Sheflifcld, Todmorden, Yeadon, and York. The result was a resolution to establish a " Union of the Mechanics' and other Literary and Scientific Inati tutions of the West Riding of Yorkshire, for the purpose of employing a portion of their respective resources in the engagement of lecturers of high talent and attainment," and the adoption of various govern- ing rules. These rules differed from those at present in operation chiefly in the mode of levying the annual contribution to the Union, as they first resolved that the associated Institutes should pay in the ratio of their income derived from subscriptions of every kind. The committee appointed. under the rules immediately entered into correspondence with the Institutes of Manchester, Liverpool, and Edinburgh, and the M - tropolitan Society of Lecturers, in order to secure rfu cient and suitable men ; but it was soon found, from the numerous engagements of eminent lecturers, that any lengthened absence from London for that season was impracticable. Only one engagement, consisting of twenty-four lectures on Chemistry as applied to the Arts, and extending over a period of six weeks, was effected. In the year 1839, Boone activity was shown by the Union in the engagement of lecturers ¡ twenty-eight were delivered on Mechanical Science, as applied to the useful arts ; nine on British History and four on America. Exhibition of works of art and manufactures Were also held at the recommendation of the Union Committee, in Sowerby Bridge and in Ripon, and realized large profits. In the succeeding four years the Union Committee made no attempt to develope or to extend the usefulness of the association ; they recommended the publication of a monthly periodical and the permanent engagement of a lecturer on the physical sciences to be provided with suitable apparatus ; but they made no effort to carry out their scheme. Every Association, whether it be a County Union or an individual Mechanics' Institute, to succeed, must be aggressive in its operations. The Yorkshire Union had been eight years in existence before the Central Committee pressed their advice and a sistance, between one annual gathering and mother, upon the individual societies ; indeed they declared to the assembled delegates, in 1846. that they had neither the right nor the disposition to boast of their own labours as efficient, until a recent date. The recent efficiency alluded to was the appointment of an experienced secretary. At that period the Association consisted nominally of twenty-five Institutions, of which two had ceased to exist, and three had been suspended. The remaining twenty- Instituti'irjs possessed five thousand five hundred and ninety-four members. In the course of the first six months of the year 18 16, applications for admission to the Union were received from twenty-three societies. Twenty-five manuscript lectures were collected, and several of them were delivered at the associated Village Institutes. A list of eminent lecturers, who are prepared to deliver lectures upon reduce! terms, for contemporaneous engagements, was submitted to the committees of the individual societies, and the negotiations, in two instances, successfully concluded. In the following year (1886-7 a further addition of seventeen Institutes was made to the Union, Engage- ments for fifteen nights were made upon terms highly favourable to the Institutes of Bradford, Halifax, Leeds, Scarbro', Sheffield, Wakefield, and York. The service of Professor Nichol, L.L.D., and Mrs. Clara Lucas Balfour were obtained by combined engagement for the Institutes of Bradford, Ripon, Scarboro', and Sheffield and Mr. Elihu Burritt was secured for the York and Darlington Institutions, while the application to him from one society was refused, because it was not an associated institute. A catalogue of books suitable for the smaller Mechanics' Institutions, noting such works as were to be had at cheaper rates from second-hand booksellers, had also been prepared and distributed. By this guille it was hoped the village Institutes would be enabled the better to husband their pecuniary resources. An arrangement had also been entered into, by which members of one Institution were admitted free to the reading room and lectures of all the others, upon presenting their subscription tickets. In large towns it had been found necessary to limit the number of admissions front Institutions within five miles. The rules of the Bradford, Beverley, Barnsley, Guisely, Hunslet, Stannington-, and Thirsk Institutions were examined, and all the alterations suggested, with one exception, were adopt ed. These revisions were soon found to work bene fically. Association had also rendered special service of the village Institutes, by the distribution of manuscript lectures ; indeed, such was the eagerness with which the smaller societies availed themselves of them, that they frequently exhausted the entire stock, even after duplicate copies had been procured. Many of the Institutes had five and six of these lecture papers read by their own members in the names of the authors, during the winter session. The central committee found that, by combining these intellectual stores, they could be made available for the benefit of large numbers, pervading, with a moral and intellectual influence, the whole confederation. By the advice of the secretary, the committee consented to an extension of their numbers, involving the breaking-up of the monopoly of management previously held by the directors of the Leeds Mechanics' Institution. The proceedings of the Yorkshire Union in the following year, 1847-8, gave evidence of the prosperity of nearly all the associated societies, notwithstanding the political and commercial gloom overhanging the great mass of society in that year. A further addition of eighteen Institutions was made to the Union, raising the number of associated institutions jo eighty-one, comprising fifteen thousand. members. Lecture engagements were entered into to the extent of seventy nights, with nineteen institutions, | eiTtCting a gross saving of one hundred pounds by con- temporaneous engagements. In this year the rules of several institutions were examined, and advice given I upon questions of experience in the. working of the | institutions. In every instance the recommendations were promptly ndt pted, , In the year 1848 9, the "Union was increased to eighty-six associated institutes and in 1819 50, the large addition of twenty-seven institutions was made, of which twelve were new ones, called into existence by the activity of sub-unions. In 1849 a subscription ' fund was opened for meeting the expenses of a paid agent and lecturer, in accordance with Mr Baines's scheme, at the formation of the Union, and two hundred pounds were raised by the liberality of the gentry in Yorkshire. Of the intelligence and efficiency of the gentlemen appointed as lecturer and agent the committee have expressed their satisfaction ; it remains to show what has been effected in twelve months with a duly qual find officer, and whether the defect, if any, is to be found in the system. In two months twenty lectures were delivered, at an expense of £35 pounds to the Union, and ten shillings and sixpence each lecture, with railway fare and other necessary expense, to such societies as possessed one hundred and fifty members. This represents a cost nearly, if not quite equal to the present reduced rate of fees paid to the general lee- v. turers of the country. In sixty-two of the York shire ' Institutions, six hundred and forty-seven lecture s were | delivered in the yin 1889, and only five hundred and fifty-eight in 18-19 50; but the latter included sixty-six paid lectures in combined courses, delivered through the influence of the Union in thirty- one Insti- tutions, effecting a considerable saving upon the rate which must have been paid for the same lectures in isolated engagements, Several Sub- Unions have been established with considerable success, especially in the formation of Village Institutions. By the agency of the North West Sub-Union, right societies were brought into existence. The East Riding Sub-Union promoted the formation of two Institutions and five branches in villages; a North East Union has also been recently established. The Yorkshire Union has grown to the most extensive educational confederation in the kingdom, as it represents in September, 1850, one hundred and nine associates Institutes, with eighteen thousand five hundred members, who possess eighty-three thousand volume', which, in the issue, to the extent of three hundred thousand annually, (affords satisfactory proof that these Institutions give voice to books and multiply readers by thousands. Tup. Price on Diamonds Rough diamonds, fit for cutting, are sold at £1 23s, id to £2 the carat. A carat is rather more than three grains, and 156 carats equal one ounce troy. But if the scenes are above one carat, the square of the weight is multiplied by the price of a single carat ; so that, for example, a rough stone of three carats costs 3 x 3 x £2 or £18. It is similar with cut diamonds, and at present ( 850) the purest brilliants of one carat fe ch more than £8, a brilliant of two carats 2 x 2 x £8 or £32. When stones are over eight or ten carats, however, this is altered, so that they are often valued still more highly. Diamonds of a quarter of an ounce weight are extraordinarily costly, but still larger amount with and one of the largest known is that of the Rajah of Mation, in Borneo, which weighs nearly two ounces and a half that of the Sultan of Turkey weighs two ounces ; one in the Russian sceptre more than an ounce and a quarter, The greatest diameter of the last is one inch, the thickness ten lines. The Empress Catherine II. purchased it in the year 1772, from Amsterdam, and for it was paid £7/5,000 and an annuity of £650. Diamonds weighing an ounce exist also in the French and Austrian regalia. One of the most perfect is the French, known as the Pitt or Regent diamond. It was bought for Louis XV. from an Englishman named Pitt, for the sum of £135,000 sterling, but has been valued at half a million. Sketches from the Mineral Kingdom. Death of an Abuon'aut.-A letter from N.ames (Sard,), of the 29th ultimo, announces the death of the aeronaut Deschamps, while making an ascent from that town. It appears that his second ascent having been fixed for the previous day from the amphitheatre all the necessary preparations were made. The weather was so exceedingly stormy that M. Deschamps thought it necessary to signify to the major that there would be danger for M. Letter to descend by means of a parachute, as had been publicly announced. In consequence the mayor authorized M. Letur not to perform his part of the engagement entered into with the public. A little after three in the afternoon, M. Deschamps entered the car, and the ropes being cut, the balloon rose rapidly above the walls of the amphitheatre, the wind then carrying it rapidly in the direction of the south-west. In proportion as it rose the huge machine appeared to become less agitated. About ten minutes after the balloon had quitted the earth it was observed to commence descending, at first slowly, and then much more rapidly, its form at the same time becoming perpetual cularly elongated, as if from a sudden escape of gas. Its fall then became so rapid that every one that was looking on felt convinced that an accident had occurred. The balloon fell nearly seven miles from the town, in a field about half-way between Geo. Gray and Beauvohin. M. Deschamps was found lying at a little distance from the car, without any sign of life. The body was at once taken to Beauvoisin, where medical aid was called in, but without any result, as life had fled. This news, when made known at Niemes, produced a most painful impression, and every precaution was taken in communicating the sad intelligence to Madame Deschamps. A public subscription was the same day opened in the town for the widow. Galignani. Tim " Garde Mobile "-What a singular force, was this Garde Mobile ! but what a clever idea it was that originated it and whether it arose with La- Martine or Lagrange is immaterial to us. All men who know anything about Paris must know that celebrated class of society called the camp. The Paris gaming answers to the L >ndon scamp, only that it is a juvenile smoking scamp. In numbers it is count- less, receiving daily recruits from all Bidea-children abandoned by their parents, youthful, unfledged, gaol- birds-all thrown upon their wits to find a living, and their wits, therefore, speedily becoming of the sharp- est. Full of spirit and knavery, hungry and naked, they have always been the foremost in civil commo- tions, forming themselves into holes where an able bodied man would st k fast-the very forests of a revolution. It was really a bright thought which at nee converted them into the defenders of order ; let us give its due to the author of it. So they were formed into a Garde Mobile. . . . Truly an ex optional force altogether, a veritable normal force outwardly not of force at all, but in reality animated by the impetuous boiling ardour of La Jeune France, and therefore doing miracles. Uniform they had gone; many lacked shoes; and few lacked rags and tatters. Guiltless were they of discipline or manoeuvre. Of all sizes were they, from four feet upwards, many of them only knowing a gun by sight ; yet did they perform feats on which men looked with astonishment. The three days of peace arrived-those bloody days which tried men's mettle and then those little breech less [are] blackguards showed what they were made of. . . . They regarded the whole affair as a lark, as good fun and not the death of their comrades, the streets burdened with corpses and streaming with blood, could destroy this idea. For four or five days did they bivouac in the open air, taking only the little nourish- ment they could get ; but what were the odds to them, who had done so all their miseriWo lives, always starving and without a home ? Bad as it might seem to others, they had, nevertheless, never lived so well before and doubtless the notion of lighting for the law-they, the pickpockets, rogues in grain must have tickled them amazingly. But their spirit was admirable. They were ordered to attack a bar reads in the Faubourg ft. Antoine from which a bat t all son of the National Guard had just been repulsed. '? Allens, mes enfants en avant !" and up the street they ran, laughing and singing, in the face of a rattling fire which killed numbers and when arrived at the huge mass of stone, instead of attempting to take in flank or rear, he said they scrambled up the face of it like to many rabbits. They seemed unable to see the danger of it and this was especially the case with the your ghost. At another time they were waiting the signal to attack, when, on a sudden, two lads started out of the ranks animal's straight for the insurgent flag which floated on an opposing barricade. In vain did the officers try to recall them, and in vain did the defenders of the barricade fire on them ; they reached the flag, and quarrelled for its possession, but were unable to remove it. While disputing, a shot broke the flagstaff; on which one picked up the flag, wrapped it round his shoulders, and so enveloped, regained his company, his companion being left behind Kim dead. It appeared that these younger had made a bet as to who should get the fish, and thus had started for it without orders. Many were too small to carry guns, and had cavalry pistol and he told me they would i teal close to their object, and knock a in in over with as much pleasure as if he had been a blackbird, coming back laughing and in great glee. A of affairs grew settled, the Government disbanded some, and sent others to Algiers, and numbers having been destroyed, the class gaming has been greatly reduced. But they were gallant little chips, and merited better treatment than they received." 