,XH1Î BEY". H. H; .MItiMA.Ng.'lJ.Ü , DEAN OF (Arów a« Eye W'iínessinthe Weekly News.) L'rosy llishop Iliad, : whoso nome seems dostiuod to bo handed ' dou n, In con- nection willi, (hut of Addison tu tho littest posterity,' though if' ibero wero manifesta lions.ot departed spirits by moans of nipping I am suyo the ghost of Ibu latter would have vouciiictitly intimated his decided objection to anything of ibo klud, tolls us that Addison nt ono' time thought of geing into holy orders, being' strongly recommended to do sp by his fa thor j but lt seems, such was Addison's serious- ness und modesty tl.at ho poiKis'.od in dculiiiiiig any Buch step.. Hind, with un easy optimism worthy of a bishop well-to-do In tho world, soys, " lt is happy that this very elrcutiistuuco bas aluce turned so much to the advantage, of vii tue and religion in tba causo of whiuli ho lins be- stowed Ids labours, th« moro mceesrfully ns they wore hts-vo'untury, nut bli necoiniry em- ployment Xl Ile , woild bcoamo Insensibly reconollod - tb- wisdom and goodnoss when they saw them recommended by him with nt best ns much spirit and elegance ni they iliad bean ridiculed, for half a .oentury," NcvcrllieloiO,.o minister ot'religion who can boast of learning aud genius bas advantages over other men. lie is a tower of strength to bis denomination-ho doos much to elevate thc pulpit in tho eyes of the world. Tlie clnss of religionists to which he be- longs owe him much and should do much for him. The Episcopalian Church has always ha l many such, and if they have not Leen remarkably sitc firmfal 1110:1-if they have not occupied tho upper pluro in tho assemblies of the church-if owing to the political ii.tl ience which gives tho church prizes to political partizntis rather than thp ablest men, they huvo net ranked with bishops alni arch- bishops, still they have not been without their toward. Their lot has bpen cast in pleasant places, they have generally t-uocccded in securing mme ciuy preferment, or ¡"11 achieving tint rccle IcsiaFtical consummation so devoutly 10 ko wishod, tho possession of some dignity tho stipend of which was heavy, and the burden of which was light. It may ho n question whether tho church' has possessed an equal amount of talent with that which has been absorbed in other professions. Ir may he a question whether, considering its im meïi'o advantages and its large pecuniary re- sources, the Established Church bas drawn to itself au equal degree of intellco'ual power us is visible in tho pulpits of tho church that is not established but that it has lind und ttill, has its men of learning-mid intellect mid genius is nu quostion at all, that 1 tube it an admitted fact. Tho name of Henry Hait Milman is u case in point. Suoh men ns ha oomponsato tor, in the intelleotuil sloth and religious indifference com- mon enough when Goorgo ll. said nil his bishops »ero infidels, but too common even in our day. As a preacher Dean Milman has not succeeded in producing tho effect ono might have expected. St. Margaret's, Westminster-thal plain looking ehurob, standing on one side cf the gorgeous Ab- bey, where, if 1 mistake not, many a leading ser- mon was prenohed to Parliamentary puritans in that uncouthly hoto'o time- was (hu scone of Mr. Milmnn's labours ns un orator. As a Dean, ho is seldom heard. Cowper tells us, " Humility ouco clothed nu English Doun/1 If non-preaohing be nu outward B¡gn of that in- ward grace, our Deans liuvu that virtue in pei feu lion-mid Dean Milman ia ns humble ns his fellows. But in St. Margaret's lie might have bren heard every Suoduy, preaching in a qulot gentlemanly way to a quiot, gentlemanly congre- gation, composed of the holders of sinecures und Government situations, who evidently hud mada up their minds in the next world to tho continu- ance of the same system of things which had worked so comfortably for them in this. As to " fleeing from tho wrath to come,"-ns to " being raved as by fire,"-as to " working out tho salva- tion of tbeir souls with fear and trembling,*' such au idea seemed noither lo li av o troubled for au instant tither tho preachrr or thoeo whom lie addressed. And so the soholar and the poet prosed on, and the congregation comfortably sat it out in well-padded pews. The Dean read his sermons, and read them w ell-but thero WBB no firo in them-they wcio cold and aorreat-mero theological essays, not appeals to the hearts and consiencos of "men ; no fount of feeling was touched-no eye was Uiiiiined with tears. In tho pu'pit tho poetry of tho prenoltcr left him, and he who sang tho Fall of Jerusalem, mid made tho denlhs of th« martyrs the subject of his rich and poiiuhed vorsei failed when, us the preacher, he lind to dual with themes more momentous ttill. 1 suppose formalism is inseparable from public wonyip I don't seo how it cnn bo otherwise Accuised habit ' changes everything it touches into lend, Tho soul of man wearies ol' his profession just ns tho child of its doll, and tho youth of the bright eyes ho has sworn to lovo for ever. As a man, tho Dean reminded' those who know them both, something oi' Sonthoy. ' Ho is a tall and fino figuro. In his pi ¡ut?,* abundant huir, somewhat hotwoen iron groy und silvor, oior shadowed ids high forehead, his oyes werojet black »nd brilliant, his nosu slightly aquiline, mid tho mouth small and well formed. Ol cnttrsu ho had tho usually literary stoop, induced, ns phrenologists who nra rory particular in that information on suoh matters, by tho peculiar po- sition of tho brain. Altogether, the impression hfl on you by Milman was a pleasant ono. Ho looked what be was. Ho stood confessod before you n man of learning mid tusto, undofsomo poetry withal. Henry Hurt Milman becrmo knowa to tho woild wiiilo yionrof St. Mary's, ltcnding-a town then, and perhaps still, rcmarknble fi r n consider, able amount of what is culled Evangelical 1'ioty. Trnvoliers by rail onoasiouitlly still sneer nt it ns it town of saints. However, in Mr. Milman'* case this salntship does not soem to have been incon- sistent with some considerable amount of genius and erudition. Ho is ii muire of London, sou of un eminent jihysiohm, Slr Francis Milman, ami was born in 1701. He distinguished himself us n ohissioal schedar, and in IS Iowas ma le a Follow of llruzetioso College, Oxford. He also hold in , 1821 the tifllco of 1'i tfes'ur of Poetry in tho same University. From Heading lie cam*« to St. Mur gn-ot's Wcstinitstcr, und within tho Inst few i yours ho has been made a Demi ol' St. l'mil's. ' Mr. Milman first appeared ns an aiillior in 1817, when Iiis tragedy of Fazio was published, lt was afterwards acted with HICCIS-I. at Drury lano Theatre. In 1820, Mr. Milman publish» ! a dramatic poem, The Fall of Jerusalem, mid tu this succeeded threo other dramas, Jlolslinjzar, Tho Martyr of Antioch, mid Amie Boleyn, but none ot these wcro designed for tho stage. Hu also hus written a narrative poem, "Su m jr, Lord of tho llriglit City," mid several smaller piceos. Tu our jiro'o literature Mr. Milman hus contri- bua il a "History ol th» Jews," in threo volumes, an edition of "(ribbon's (¡atutía History, with Notes and Corrections,'' mid ii beautiful edition of "Horace," a "History of Christianity, from tho Hirth of Christ lo tho Abolition of 1'agiiiiism In thu Hollian him pire," mid u "History ol' Latin Christianity,1" nat ytt completed. As a poet hu is moto remarkable for his insto and attainments than fur tho drama- tic »pu it mid fire, «itliout which the imagination cnn Imme conceptions that iiiiy hu clnssiciil and correct, but, at thu same timo, must to ibstitutu of lifo and power. That ho towers proudly aliovo tho Dilles nu I Mon'gútiurcys of his own church [ readily ii linit ; but a1 ready hu has died out, of tho tuctnoi ¡os ol'nieu win have almost forgotten Ten nyt-oti in their admiration of Alexander .Smith. A's a writer he lus. displayed stores ol' learning, and potters of i.iiln»try, mid ro-.eaieli raro m most men, mere especially larc uinoiig.il llie favoured race, whom souls aro possessed hy Ap- pollo. Lord of thu Silver lJjw. 