THE PHANTOM PORTRAIT. A stranger came recommended to a merchant's house at Lubcck, He was hosphably received ; hut the house being full, he was lodged at night in an apartment handsomely furnished, but noi often used. There was nothing that struck him particularly in the room when left alone, till he happened to cast liis eyes on a picture, which im mediately arrested his attention. It was a single head ; but there was something so uncommon, so frightful and unearthly in its expression, though by no means ugly, that he found himself irresisti bly attracted to look at it. In fact he could not tear himself from the fascination of this portrait, till His imagination was filled by it, and his rest broken. He retired to bed, dreamed, and awoke from time to time with the head glaring at him. In the rooming his host saw by his looks that he had slept ill, and inquired the cause, which was told. The master of the house waB much vexed, and said the picure ought to have been removed, chat it was an oversight, and it always was re moved when the chamber was occupied. The picture, he said, was indeed, terrible to every one ; but it was so flue, and had come into the family in so curious a way, tbat he could not make up his mind to part with it or destroy it. The story of it was this': — ' My father,' he said, was at Hamburgh on business, and whilst dining at a coffee-house, he observed a young man of a remarkable appearance enter, seat himself alone in a corner, and commence u solitary meal. His countenance bespoke the extreme of m. ntal dis tress, and ever ytrow and then he turned his head quickly round as if he heard something, then shudder, grow pale, and go on with his meal after an effort as before. My fathet saw this man at the same place for two or three successive days ; and at length became so much interested about him that he spoke to him. The address was not repulsed, and the stranger seemed to find some comfort in the tone of sympathy and kindness which my father used. He was an Italian, well informed, poor but not destitute, and living economically upon the profits of his art as a .painter. Their intimacy increased'; and at length the Italian sering my father's involuntary emotion at his convulsive turnings and shudderings which continued as formerly, iobrrupting their conver sation from time to lime, told him his story. He 'was a native of Rome, and had lived in some familiarity with, and been much patronised by a young "nobleman ; but "upon some slight occasion they had fallen out, and his patron, besides using many reproachful expressions, had struck him, he there lore watched his opportunity and asssas- sinated him. Of course he fled from nis country and finally had reachid Hamburgh. He had not, however, passed many weeks from the night of the murder, before one day in the crowded streets he heard his name called by a voice fumil ar to him; he turned short rouad, and saw the face of his victim looking at him with a fixed rye. From that moment he hud no peace, at all hours, in ail places, and amidst all companies, however en gaged he might be, he heard the voice, and could never help looking round; and whenever he so looked round, he always encountered the same face staTing at him. At last in a mood of despe- ration, he fixed himself face to face, and eye to eye, and deliberately drew the phantom visage as it gla'red upon him ; and this was the picture so drawn. The Italian sa;d he had struggled long, but life was a burden which he cculd no 'longer bear ; and he was resolved, when he had made money enough to return to Rome, to sur render himself to justice, and expiate his crime on the scaffold. He gave the finished picture to my 'father, in return for the kindness which he had shown to him.- — ' Coleridge's Table Talk. A Ghost Story. — The most telling ghost story I think I ever read was that about Lord' Middle- ton ;or Lord Littleton, I don't novk remember which, and I forget where it was I read it. Dr. Johnson, I think, however,' somewhere alludes to it, and seems to think it the best authcnticaVed he had heard. It was 'believed in the nobleman's own family, and the account I saw was compiled from a narrative reluctantly given by his sister- in-law. The circumstances were these : — His Lordship, though by no means deficient in intel lect, or opportunities of improving it, lived a dis solute life, and kept .profligate though fashionable society. After he had run a career of vice and wickedness, he one night returned home late from one Of his dTgies, and proceeded to his sleeping apaitment, which was placed on an upper story of his mansion. Though somewhat flushed with wine, he Was by no means intox-caied; he had bi isn in fhe room but a few minutes when a rustle of wings was -heard outside the window, and as it were brushing against the glass. He looked, and, though the night was pitch-dark, saw, and was surprised to see, a white bird, about the size of a pigeon, fluttering against the casement, as though it bought to be admitti-d. His Lordship was not dificient in courage, and, though tbere was something peculiar in the appearance of the white bird, and at that time in the midnight dark ness, "he opened the window and admitted it ; but nearly at the same moment of iis entrance its form changed to that of a young woman whom he ha i seduced, and who, but a few months before, ex pired of a broken heart. The apparition naturally appalled him, but the more so when she told him his wiiTted career was nearly at an end, that he had abused the forbearance and patience of Hea ven, and at that hour (it was then sirikii-g mid night) on that day month his soul would quit h's body. The apparition then disappeared. His Lordship arose next morning, his countenance wearing all 'the traces of the awful siglit he had beheld, and the still more awful summons that he hud rectived. His altered manner i-truck his companions, and at lengih, in answer to their banter, he related to them what he had seen, and which elicited from them farther jeers, while they arsured him that the apparition was but the con juring of a brain heated with wine. But, for a whi e, his own conviction of its reality was not to le shaken ; but gradually tbe impression was weakened, and he was not sorry to account for the circumstance on the ground assigned by -his com panions ; be therefore relapsed into bis dissipa tions until the morning of tbe day when the spectre foretold his death, when the awful distinctness of the appariliun and its prediction came back to him, and "he refused to join his companions in a scheme of wild pleasure that they had formed, but rema ned silent, though in the society of Botnu ; friends until towards night, when his companions again prevailed upon him with banter and entrea ties to join them; still he could not enter bois terously into th< ir mirth, but as the hours wore on kept his eyc3 steadily fixed on the clock awaiting, wiih tear and apprehension, the arrival of midnight. His companions, seeing that until twelve had passed they could not rouse him into erjoymcnt, got one of their number to put the hands in advance one hour, so that they might by this time anticipate his freedom from terror. As it approached the moment a pale and rigid ex pression, as of one whose doom was at hand, fixed upon his face, and when the hour began to strike a look of painful agony was in his countenance. At length the last stroke of twelve was told, and a few minutes more elapse without death, as pre dicted, making his app,arance. The nobleinao breathed freely, a weight was taken off his mind, and he agreed with his companions that he must have been either drunk or dreaming when tit- fancied he saw the apparition ; hut the true mid night hour, it need hardly be s id, bad not urrived. Sixty minutes more passed in wild carouse, ami then it struck one, and the last tone of tbe l.c'.l had not died out when his Lordship dropped from his chair a rigid corpse. It was then only mid night. Testimony to the Worth of the Pooii. I have cail books enough, and observed and con versed wiih eminent and splendidly cultivated minds, too, ill my lime ; but I assure you I have heard higher Getiliinenis from ihe lips of poor, uneducated men and women, when exerting tin- spirit of severe but gentle heroism, under difii culties and afil clion, o.- speaking their sirnpu thoughts as to ciicumstances in the lot of friends nn<l ntrifrhbnrs. tliun I «vir niot with nut nf th< pngea of the Bihlc.- — Sir W„ Scott. 