THE STORY OF A RUSSIAN PASSPORT. (From Orr's Home Companion.) The following sketch of an attempt to obtain a Kuisian passport, made a few years ago by a gentleman, who, though of foreign parentage, was born in the south of Poland, gives a correct view of the system, and at the same tiitiealfirds a deep insight into the general charac:er of Russian administration. This gen'leman was desirous of. visiting Germany in the ensuing summer, and being well aware of the difficulti«< with which he would have t« contend, began bis operations in the middle of the winter by applying to a lawyer, an intimate and trusted friend, for advice how to proceed. The lawyer assured him that, however, diligently ha might wtrk at the ma ter, he would fur a very long lira; remain in a state of uncertainty as to wlie her or not he had progressed at ail, but that the officials with whom he would have to deal would, in the meanwhile, t ake care to drain his pur;e. If, however, he was to proceed with uoy chance of success, it would not be sufficient to sta'e in his applica tion for the passport that he whs desirous of visiting his re latives in Germany ; but if he could not produce a written attestation that he was to talce posses ion of ail inheritance abroad, it would he nece-sary to secure the kind offices of some doctor — in preference, the head surgeon of some Russian regiment—and ob'ain from him a ceitiflcate that the waters of some German bath or other were necessary for his health. Acting in accordance with this advice, and thinking he would manage very cleverly, Mr N ■ called in a civi lian doctor whom he knew to he very ^intimate with one of the military surge ins, and assured hiin^that be was suffering very much from a bad liver. The doctor prescribed foi some time, until at length the patient ventured to suggest that nothing but the use of certain German waters would do him any good. The peculiar emphasis which he laid on the words conveyed his full meaning to the doctor, who on his next visit presented the poor patient with a certificate, recommending the use of the Carlsbad waters for eight months, and accompanied by a bill of twenty ducat* for attendance. The pat'ent, who was desirous of being quite sure that the cure would prove efficacious, now asked the doctor to procure him a similar certificate from a Russian regimental surgeon This was promised, but of course it became necessary that the surgeon ulso should be called in and consulted and Mr N thus obtained two certi ficates . a Polish and a Russian one, but not without paying liberally for both. The next step was to have these certificates verified by the military authorities ; for otherwiseThey would not be recognised in the various departments throngh which they would have to pass. This cost very little trouble, but one silver ruble in money. Without the assistance of this ruble it would scarcely have been possible to persuade the official concerned to sign the certificates. Mr N had next to apply to the municipal council far an attestation that he had always proved himself a good citizen, and of his in significance in a political point of view. The offices of the municipal council, which are situated in the top story of a house in the otily square of the little town, were empty when the applicant arrived, although office hours had | already long begun ; but the officials were at length dis. ! covered in the tavern on the ground floor, where they were I taking.as heast/ a meal as their own appetites and othsr ' people's money wou.d allow. The s-ecretary of the oflics was among the convives, and ' to hlin Mr N—■ addressed himself. The young man j snswered in a very gracious tone, that his application would be attended to that very day, and then continued— " But we have the wh<>lo day before »* ; let tn now take a little refreshment. Sit down, my dear sir, and partake of Something with me. Call for whatever you like best." The petitioner was aell acquainted with the officials of his couutrv, and therefore made up his mind to be treated like a real patient, and to let the leeches do their worst. [ The secretary, good natured fcllo'V, not content with feasting himself, but invited bis friends and colleagues to partake of the repast, and Mr N —— paid the reckoning. In the meanwhile time advanced, and the clock struck 12\. Tiie clerks ran up and down between the office and the coffee-room, but the secretary had not yet stirred from his seat. At length he rose to go to his dinner. Mr N returned home, eased ol a gulden, but no further advanced than lie was in the morning. At 6 o'clock in the afternoon he returned to the office, and found the secretary engaged in looking over some documents. On catching sight of Mr N ■, he seized his hat, saying, "1 am very sorry, my dear sir. that I am obliged to go out, but if you will be so good as to accompany me, we may go into souie cafe and talk over matters there.'* And taking the petitioner's arm, he led him gently to the cafe. The secretary was polite enough to order everything that was requisite ; but at 9 o'clock in the evening he said to Mr N , " You will be kind enough to pay.'' Next morning Mr N- 's hopes rose again, and at an earlv hour proceeded to the office. On seeing him, the | secretary said, " I will immediately commence your affair.'* And taking up his hat, his papers, and an ir.khorn, ha I went into another room. The petitioner waited three hours, and then sent an attendant in to remind the secre tary of bis promise. The attendant returned iu a few mo j ments with the information that the secretary had already left the office an hour a„'0. You will wonder that Mr N had not long be ore this lost all desire to obtain a | passport; but he persevered. In the afternoon the secretary again let him wait several hours ; and when at last he turned to him it was to say that he wa- perfectly exhaus'ed from working so hard, and to propose that they should adjourn together to the refresh ment room on the ground-floor. In this way matters continued for nine days, when Mr N - ', finding that he had not advanced one step, went | io the lawyer to luy his grievances before him..' " Good powers! ' said the latter laughing ; *' how is it that you have not thought of pressing a rouble iuto his hand, or promising him a gift ? Besides, your petition must be written on stamped paper, or it will not be ac cepted. But the secretary will inform you of (his when he finds time." The next day the petitioner pr essed the secretary's hand j very warmly, and left a silver ruble in it; and now a step forward was really made—that is to say, the secretary told Mr N that he must have stamped paper, and indicated the £lace where it was to lie obtained. With the clerk, who was to draw up the petition, he had to go through the same process. During tire days he stuffed him wifh meat and drink without any progress being made. At length lie complained to the secretary. •• My liver," lie said, " uioy he completely consumed be fore I get my pus&poit.;" '■ Do not be uneasy," answered tire secretary, with gentle earnestness ; '• we will soon settle the matter.*' The petition was at length got ready, but only by the aid of a pocket- liandkerclyef. The clerk had seen exposed in a shop a pocket-handkerchief oil which was a picture of the city of (Ciacow, and th s lie much desired to possess. A forma! agreement was accordingly entered into, Mr N promising to give him the handkerchief if the petition was ready by three o'clock. At the appointed hour the change ' was effected. Mr N was thus at length in possession of the petitnn. A remarkable circumstance in connection with this document was, that it was drawn up by one of the persons to whom it was addressed, the clerk being a member of the municipal council. Some further time and mere money was now consumed in new applications to the secretary. At length he set I seriously about the matter, and in four days tho certificate was granted. The petitioner had passed through the secoud I court. His next step was to solicit the government court to J recommend his petition for a pussport io the Imperial paf-s. | port authorities in Warsaw, in consideration of the medical ! and municipal certificates which he hud obtained. The governmcnt court is outside the town, in a beau ifnl building erected by one of the Saxon kings of P- land | Here, also, it was necessary (hat the application should be | made on stamped paper, which cost one and a-half guld.n The petition to the passport authorities vvas to be drawn up here, signed by the chief, and registered, while the certifi cates were t* be further verified. When this was done the papers were transmitted to the department that was to lay the petition before the passport authorities in Warsaw, the only persons in the kingdom empowered to issue passports. Each of these departments had to be attacked with goldeu bullets, fur the officials iu these did not condescend to be treated at enfis. Otherwise the system was very much the same. It took five days to draw up the petition, seventeen to register it; and when the petitioner, after the lapse of ten days more, ventured to inquire whether they had bad the extreme kindness to transmit the petition to Warsaw, , he vvas answered in a freezing tone that such things could not be done in a hurry. At length the petitioner, driven to despair, took courage, und veilmrcd to present to tlio high and mighty official, whose honesty lie had not until then dared to suspect, a ( golden ducat enclo.ed in an elegant little note. That was a bit; the official's lace cleared up, he even invited Mr N to his house, an.I, among other oilier curiosities, showed bim a collection . f pipes—all tokens of remembrance bestowed up in him by various friends. " The land of your fathers,'' ho observed to Mr N —, * is also the laud of tobacco pipes. As you are going to un. dertake a journey that will cost you a cood deal of money, 1 date say you will not mind a few dollars more or less; and j if you would bring me back a pipe in remembrance of you 1 should be greatly beholtlan." Mr N — promised this with the greatest readiness, and then inquired whether ha thought it likely that he would I obtain a passport. ' "Why not?" answered the official, in a most friendly tone of voice;" that is to say, if you will but set about the matter in the right way. You must spare no paint, and must present yourself in person at the various bu reaux." The next day, when Mr N again psesented himself at the office of the government eourt, he was informed that ■ the recommendation iu favour of his petition had beea for warded to Warsaw ; and, ill leed, the books were Shown him to p ove the fact. »' But," added the chief of the office, " seve al mouths will probably elapse before yon get the passport, for even sh ,uld it be speedily iss led from the pass p rt office, it will bernecessary to submit it to the Governor, Prince Pask'cwitch, us it is required fot a lon.-er period than six mouths ; and in Prince i'askiewitch's office they are uot bioted lor dispatch and tlicre arc no means or urging them on." With tho pa'ienee of a true Russian, Mr N waited «ix weeks, and then inquired if any answer had beeu received. The reply was in the negative, and so also to his secoud iu quiry. Summer having by this time commenced, Mr N , in despair, went again to the lawyer. 11 Well, I told you how it would be," exe'aimed the latter laughing. " and indeed you may have to wait ten years longer, for the passport has aot been sent to the go vernment court, and never will be. You bad better write direct to the pussport office, or, better still, go to WarsaW yourself." Mr N first made a written application to the paw poit office in Warsaw, but finding that he got no answer, proceeded thither, in porson. iu the month of July. Hero lie showered money npon various officials, until they M length promised to inquire into the matter. However, the duy that the promise was made they had no time to give it, nor either the following day ; but on the third day, when lie returned again to the attack/Mr N—was in formed that his passport ha 1 been forwarded to the go vernment court in U as long as four weeks ago. Mr N was of course greatly surprised, and not without reason ; but, as happy as a king (that is to saj, a* a king in the good old times), he took a place in the dili gence, ami .-et out at once for R—— Immediately on his arrival, he weDt to the government court and communi cated the joyful intelligence be had received at Warsaw. However, the officials assured him that it was quite a mis take. Full of consternation, and not knowing what to believe, lie succeeded, by dint of golden arguments, in getting one of the subordinates to look through the re cords, and all the places where the documents were stowed away, to make sure that the passport had really not been received. The fact of its non-arrival having thus been proved, lie set off again for Warsaw. He now addressed himself to the chief of the office with complaints and sup plications. This official, who ranks with colonels in the army, turned him over to tho very person who had before dismissed him with the false information. By the latter he wa9 kept waiting a long time, and then answered— " I do not understand what you want. Your passport as expedited to tho office of the Government court in on such and such a date.'' The fixing of the date, together with (he Imposing — ' • ' - .1-1 XI _ IJ. gravity of the official, again misled poor Mr N He again returned to R , and received again the same answer. His friend the lawyer having assured him that they would continue to lot him travel from R — to Warsaw, and from Warsaw back again to B ■,until hit hair grew hoary with age, only to spare themselves the necessity of declaring right out that they would not grant him a pass port, ha was induced to remove alt gether to Warsaw ; and this move the lawyer declared to be ' to the purpose," for he might then be enabled to form a friendly connection with some official belonging to the passport-office, and tl make his applications direct. During the operations detailed above, a year had elapsed ; but now Mr N —— rtally did remove to Wariaw, and began tbe buiinen over again there, it would be tedious to de'sil all the cbsckv which he experienced ; we will only meution that the Police Diitricf Comraiuariaf Secretary made h:m attend 13 day* at hit office for the purpose of getting hie certificate of qualification ; and during this whole period treated himself, at Mr N -.—'* exp'itie, to all hinds of good things in the cafe, at the corner of Holy Ghost-street, and the New World-street. Mr N declares that in the way of cousnming cups of chocolate he never kDew au equal ta that fellow, the Russian's appetite costing him heaps of money. At last Mr, N—— succeeded in getting an introduction to the pa-sport office. Here he was se zed upon bv four officials at oace; but after having bestowed very liberal " layowe" on all of them, he discovered that neither of them had anything to do wi:h the nutter about which he was concerned. One of them was, however, honest enough to indicate tha proper persou to whom he should address himself. This latter was a grey-haired Russian, who although be c<uld speak both Polish and German, was too proud to speak anything but Russian. The petitioner greeted him with a handful of gold, and he was iu conse quence induced to read through the petition a* once. Havi' g done this, he declared that the ceitifica'es were verv good, but n t sufficient. Mr X- was still liable, he said, to bo called upon for military service, and he must therefore give security, and obtain an attestation from tbe commitsonei* of taxes that the security had been duly given. N answered that he was exempted from military service, and that he could prove this; but tbe Kui.ian interrupted him, pointing with a smile to the certificate, in which stood, not 4' exempt from military service," but 41 exempt, for the time being, from military service." He was quite sure of this, for the certificates are never issued in any o:her terms. It was. only after tbe attainment of a certain age that the exemption was definitive. This age . Mr N had not attained, and be was therefore obliged to give security fur 3000 guldens. Having deposited his 30 >0 guldens iu the state bank, he went with the receipt to the commissioners of taxes, and after hiving here also made use of golden arguments he re ceived the attestatio i, and p-eseuted himself wi h this to the old Ru-sian, who, afier the delay of a week, and a present of a handsome lamp, declared himself willing to issue the passport. "Your affair is settled, said the old gentleman, laughing; "yon have now only to apply for y ur passport.'* In order to avoid application to Prince Paskiowitch, Mr N had abridged the period of bis absence to (ix months, and when, after ihe lapse of a week, ha applied at the office for his passport, he was told that it would be for warded the next day. The next day the messenger of the passport office made his appearance with a sealed docu ment. Having demanded a Polish gulden for his trouble, he left the room. Mr N- now broke the seal, and read as follows :— " The authorities of the passport office are of opinion that a visit to the Germau spas would not be benetic al to the petitioner's health at this time of the year, and in con aequeuoe they reject the petition." To come to this result it had cost two years of trouble indescribable, and 900 Polish guldens. Fore-reaciiing. —At a literary dinner in London, Thaekeruy and Angus B. lteach were vis-a-vis at table. Thackeray—who had never before met Mr lteach, addressed him as Mr lteach, pronouncing the name as its orthography would naturally indicate. " Ite-ack, Sir, ltc-ack, if you please," suid Mr Reach, who is punctilious upon having his name pronounced in two syllables, as if spoiled lte-ack. Thackeray of course apologised, and corrected his pronunciation; but iu the course of the dessert he took occasion to hand a plate of tine peaches across the table, saying, in a tone which only he possesses, Mr iie-ack, will you take a pe-cu-k ?' 