MEETING FOR DR. WARK. The supporters of Dr. Wark met again last even ing at the Duke of Wellington Inn, Paynehan and about 70 persons were present. Mr. Nurse was called to the chair. He stated that Dr. Wark was unable to attend in consequence of ill ness, but he could state on his behalf that he was a straightforward liberal, and those who had brought him forward as a candidate had full confidence in him that he would, if elected, do all in his power to promote their interests. Mr. Bass said there was some hesitation manifested in the first move made for the representation of the district. It was thought by some who remembered that Mr. Waterhouse was returned by a small majo rity, that it would not be desirable that there should be a contest, especially when it was considered that it was only for a very short time that the Legislative Council could be held together. It was thought that it would only be necessary to put in nomination some respectable candidate, without regard to politics. A coalition was accordingly formed, but the truly liberal electors of East Torrens determined to bring forward Dr. Wark, and allow " the gentleman" to shift for himself. He did not think it worth his while to attempt to dissipate the ghost which had been raised by the Adelaide Times respecting Dis trict Councils. It was " a mere bagatelle." But the question of nomineeism was no trifle. It was the avowed principle of Dr. Wark that every man should have a voice in the election of those from whom would emanate the laws by which they were to be governed. (Applause.) The speaker then proceeded in a strain of great earnestness to expatiate upon the advantages of liberal institu tions. He referred to the condition of France during the reign of terror, for proofs of the evils arising from State aid to religion, and stated that France had merged, at that period, in o a condition bordering on general atheism in consequence of the infamous de meanour of "lordly bishop, fat friars, and burly monks." Dr. Wark was opposed to the bonus pro vided for Government officers in the Civil List Bill. He was a friend to free trade and cheap law, particu larly as regarding the legal conveyance of property ; and last, though not least, he had declared that in the event of any great questions being raised on which a difference of opinion might arise between the con stituency and himself, he would resign upon his being called upon to do so by two-fifths of those who had voted for him. (Applause.) Mr. Bass concluded by moving that, in the opinion of that meeting, Dr. Wark was a fit and proper person to represent the District. Mr. Burford seconded; he was reminded by that contest of Lord John Russell and others, who, during the struggle connected with the Reform Bill, declared they would not go one step beyond that point. But they had lived to see the time when the statesman to whom he referred was no longer called ' finality John,' for he had been compelled to yield to the pressure from without, and to admit that the Reform Bill itself re quired to be reformed. Their friends of the opposition had referred to England as a country which had grown great under institutions which they would seek to establish in this country, particularly a State supported Church. But England had grown great in spite of those institutions. If nomineeism were established in this country, they might rely upon it that those very corruptions and abuses which the enlightened and liberal portion of the English popu lation were endeavouring to overthrow would be established and fostered. If they allowed Mr. Fenn to be returned as their representative, they would have themselves to blame, if evils, akin to those abuses to which he had alluded were perpetrated here, and which it would require half an age to overthrow. The eyes of the whole colony were watching the progress of events in that district, and they might rely upon it that if Dr. Wark lost his election, the evils they dreaded would be intro duced into the Council at its next sitting. Mr. H. Mildred, said it would perhaps be expected that he should explain the circumstances which in duced him to sign the requisition to Dr. Wark. All who knew him were aware that he had always been the friend of civil and religious liberty; and in favour of the ballot, universal suffrage, and other liberal measures. He could most positively say that the assertion that there had been a coalition, was false, and must have originated either in duplicity or ignorance. He was, himself, the first person applied to as a candidate for the district. He had known Mr. Fenn several years, and applied to him personally to ascertain his opinions upon several subjects. Re specting his opinion on State aid to religion, Mr. Fenn informed him that his opinions were considerably modified ; and as he considered the question settled, he would never seek to resuscitate it. With regard to nomineeism he said, the Bill having passed the Council, he thought it desirable to await the issue, as they would have nine years' practice of its work ing. He stated that he was an advocate of the bal lot ; and with regard to the bonus, he said he con sidered it to be the most unjust exaction ever made upon a people. He (Mr. Mildred) thought from all that he knew of the two candidates, that Mr. Fenn, from his position in life, his assiduity and talents, was by far the most able and fitting person to repre sent the district. Dr. Wark, from his peculiar posi tion, could not attend to his Legislative duties, with out neglecting those connected with his profession. Mr. Burford referred to the declarations made by Mr Fenn in public, as being directly opposed to the declarations made in private, as repeated by Mr. Mildred; and expressed his apprehension that tbe last-mentioned gentleman had said, in the warmth of his feelings, that which might mislead the elec tors. A rumour was afloat that the Parliament Bill had been returned, disallowed by the Home Govern ment, on account of its not containing compensation clauses for the bishops and clergy. They might rely upon it that the vexatious question would, or must be, again revived in the Legislative Council. Mr. Mildred referred to the reports of the state ments made by Mr. Fenn at a recent public meeting as a proof that his public statements were precisely the same as those he (Mr. Mildred) had represented them. Mr. Gardner asked how many doctors there were in the Council? — (A voice, 'None')— and how many lawyers had they ?— (cries of 'Five')— but too many cooks spoiled the broth. (Laughter.) He liked Dr. Wark : he believed him to be a good doctor, and was sure he would give the lawyers a good physicking. (Shouts of laughter.) He had much respect for Mr. Fenn, but he had none for his principles. (Ap piause.) He remembered the old tale of the two lawyers consulting together. The one said to the other—' You pluck your client and I will pluck mine.' The electors might depend upon it that if they allowed the lawyers to do as they liked in the Council, those who sent them there would not have a feather to fly with. (Laughter.) Mr. White— It had been said that there was no ne cessity for a contest; but it was a maxim in trade that ' competition prevented imposition ; ' and it was equally true that unless there had been a contest they would not have known the respective merits of the candidates. He respected Mr. Fenn, as a man, but he had such an evasive mode of addressing them, that he might be considered as anything or nothing. Mr. P. Maurice remarked that Mr. Fenn had been called a Tory, but Mr. Giles and others of acknowledged liberal principles had declared that Mr. Fenn was a fit and proper person to represent the District. Mr. Saint said it was no proof of the liberality of Mr. Fenn's party that they refused to allow a man to register his vote who was opposed to that gentleman. (Cries of ' Name,' and ' Particulars.') He would do so —Mr. Nathaniel Hailes was the man who refused to allow him (Mr. Saint) to register, because he was not in favour of Mr. Fenn. As to nomineeism, or whatever crack-jaw name they might choose to give it, he would tell them what it meant. It was only to put their hands in the people's pockets to pay high salaries to themselves. Mr. Mildred remarked, that Mr. Hardy was the per son to whom electors should send in their claims. Mr Hailes had no more to do with it than any other private elector. Mr. Jefferson Stow knew that the great body of the people in that district were in favour of Dr. Wark, though they were deserted by their leaders. It was high time, when those who formerly stood forward as candidates of the Electoral Districts on avowed liberal principles deserted the people — it was high time that those who were really liberal should stand firm together. (Applause.) He was sure that those to whom he al luded would, by canvassing in favour of Mr. Fenn, do Dr. Wark's cause more good than harm. After some further remarks respecting the alleged influence of the District Council on the election, The Chairman put the motion, which was carried by acclamation. On the negative being put, one hand only was held up. The proceedings throughout indicated that party spirit strongly influenced the electors. Some topics were introduced which were wholly irrelevant to the subject of the meeting. The speakers on behalf of Dr. Wark were frequently and loudly applauded. The proeeedings were closed with the usual compli ment to the Chairman ; three cheers for Dr. Wark, and three cheers for the ' Liberty of the Press.' 