ciTï JuiasiON. A publio mooting of tlio clergy and othiv. interested in tim formation of a Molbonnu City Mission was hold on Ki ¡day evening, a' teten o'clock, in I ho Mechanics' ln-titu'io», tlio Loid Bishop of Melbourno in the chair. Theltov. Mr. CHASE hating opened t*io meeting with prayer by tlio rtqucst of the Eilhop, lîis LORDSHIP nt considorablo lon^Lh Mated tho oKj-cts of tlio meeting, and explains J ti at Bovci.il preliminar)- meetings had bean litld, nt which a Kvport was cdopt.d which ** (mid bo Fiibiiitttotl lo tlio meeting by tlio Secrotaiy in eoitito of llio ovoniiig'ti prooood. ifgs. Boiiio punplei ontcituiiiod tlio opinion tbut tvuu.1 1 hu butter for o ich dononiiiiatton to \\*otk hy it-elf; but iii his catimnlion llio prê- tent sttta (if "[albourno demanded the) co opt ration of tlio diflVictit denominations, Tho exnmplo c!' thu London City Missions, and tlio tuecosü it Web. attended them, uiiglilboregai del with onoouragimioot,butlliomotrjpo'isotEng- land att'oidod facilities fur mich au undortaUiig which could not bo found in Melbourne. Miiiistern boro werotno.o in 'Ulled to look tj tlio intero-ts of thoir own particula1- blanch of tha Chinch than lo thoso of tho Chinch ingonoul. On tho present occasion that feuliug .should bo completely laid asido, and tlio succera of tha iiintorliiking would mainly dcpstid upon tho tiib-couiuiitteo tii,-it would be appointod. Tho Kov. ilr. Ohoko, as secrotaiy to tho rociety, then load tho following itpoft: UUPOliT. Tlio Cbilstlsn frlcr.ils who li.'ivo como together on tlio prisent occasion lor tlio inu'ioso eif organising n .Mol. bininu City Mission, uro Infbrintil that tlio raeotliif; tow held *).ts paicdod by Ino meetings of a los« pulil e) character, cousl.tliij; of ministen imel 'i any oarnoit. n.iiitlcel lit) mein, In tlio ofllco of tlio Immigrants Al I .rtlot),uii tho .ltd July and lilli July nil, lu walch, lifter lull eli'cusslon, nitastli'teniilncel, tlio J.urJ nilling, lo establish it Melbourne Clt> Mission. Huies tor tao «iiluu s.cru «Krcoil uion, and it piullmlntiy cotntiilttoo sirs nppjlmti) lo mitho nrruiigoiiicits fur it publio li.eotln"'. 'I ho ejiitiimlttoo .linn lui It tilt lr linly, 1st, bile Hy ni »t_to tin- eibjiots »Imel nt by ti City M.silan ¡ ïi til), tho uiooislty '.lint otlsls In Mulbourtio for «uc'i tt Minion t Ortlly, tho pecullir Uinrr.Uer of tho Mission Vmilelctllur bj tho rulej. 1\. Tho object of u City Mission, TI o object conto n. p'utctl by n City Mission is to nlil lu su;.pi) li,"' tho t.otipol to thoso portons st ho uro In it «lato m sp'iltutl elittltntle n. His notliitenileel tjrltnl nur to sup.no lo «nyt'ïlstliij; Institution ¡ nor torlsM, nor lo tuporseli) li e uilnltiiy c1 thu Cospel, 'lito inala argument fir llio cxlstcnoii of tho Mission Is tho splrltuil ilestltulloii of multitudes. Lot this ho fully supplied | let th j leoplunl Itrtro luto tho Cospel inado l.notrn to tito ii ii.lthfully from houso to house, or l'ignlaily at'oini n hero It Is preaohed, lot thom bo vlalteel In thil r aill c. tiona, au I lu Um r el)Inn; hours by tho ministers of tho ??(Stiel, und thorn will ho no longer nny necessity for a e_llj Mission. Untilbiiuli llinonultc,it «ill! bu Hieilutyuf n City Mission to ink out mid supjiort godly mon, «lu; mo wllllni: to ho employai lu tho work ot visitation, 'llio eluty luiiiosiil uiiou oeoty uilitlomiry still bj to aim i.i eoi.teri.liu; with every person or family, on tho great ii.uttcr of saltationt to point out llio etll nid como i;im.ce-j of tin, «hewing tho iieu.slly (f roponbuoo lottttrels Omi, ami fitlth towards Uur Lore) Jisui Christ, 2, 'llio ucmulty furn Melbourne CltJ Mission, Tilt) urgent uoocssliy lor it Melbourne City Mission, nppo.irs ft tin tho Ininentjblo litot Hint tho work which It prupuoi to accomplish hu« brou hitherto «holly noglcutetl, or ttry jartUlly ttltcui|itcd. This gnat city Is crowded «lilisoul«s'ils wldu suburbs contain tliouisnils upon lliouanuils of Inhabitants, utiel till lietel tho bonclK of oniiktaiit elouilullltiry * Isltntlon. Amidst our demo p i|iu ltilou lu Melbourne, and tqually iiiiuwrous, but moro f culterod population In lb outskirt«, thora aro, It Is to hu feared, tory uutiiy thousanel» who »roliving «lijlly Trltliout Uod lu tho world. Tho «abbatli-bicakors, tlio thoii^hlleis, tho prolllgato, tlio drunkard, tho proltno, tho Ignorant, tho baokslhicr, mid llio InCdel uoeel to bj roleiiuily wurueel, aud Ulllgontly Instructed. Hut how Is this groat anti noccisiiry work to bo accomplish« 11 Whero aro thoht.oror»who can undertnko 111 Til« mlulstors roslilliiK, amongst us aro already ovorb ir tlcDCel with work, omi year ador year adds "rosily io llio amount of tho population, without ».tiling In a proportlouato luanuor to tho «Irength of ttiotnlnl«. Iori»! sUT. Under thom clrouuiitanoe« every Ulirlitlin «Ill ball willi dollijht any wlio anti »oriptural pis» «hloh »Bold« a iirojneot of «Ualalug tho objoot lu *jllw. 3\. The chiraoter of tito City Mission provided forbr the rules. Thoso who aro acquainted with the London City Mission will only neal to ho Informed that the rules of that Mission hivo beon made the basis of tim i ules of the Melbourne City Mission-at once ti uti. dirstand that they a-o-fiamed In a truly Catholic, »rlrlt. The rules of the London City Mission have In «very case been adopted",wllh, .only thoso .alterations »lililí aro ncotssory to meet the ipicial olroum.' a'enecs of tho colony, and the committee feel it is of the highest moment t» follow Hie «ample of a Society ,-wlilcli baa been greatly blessed In ita orcratloni, and lias had the wisdom of Its consUtutlon tested by ex. ntrlcnco.'" CiiriiUans 6f nil denominations havo worked together In perfect .harmony under Its regulations. Ko «acrlllco of sound doetrlne respecting forms of Church Government Is required, but true Chrlstlsm dlirerlng In tholr- vlows, of ecclesiastical polity, oj. cperato togotlier for the spread of vital religion ct »tent to unite In spreading through1 their agents truths essential to tho salvation of tho soul, and leaving tho pooplo themsolrcs, when brought ander tho power of the Woul, to attend thominlstry ofthat branch ot Hie Churoh to which they severally bolong, or any other thoy may chooio as likely to promote their godly edification. iraus. The following rules were agreed opon at a prelimi- nary meeting held July li, 1854 ¡ ! 1. That a society be formed, to be called the Hoi - tourne City Mission. 2\. The object of this society Is to extond the ltnotr lcdgo of tho Gospel nmong tho Inhabitants of Melbourne ami Its vicinity, without any reference to denomina, tional distinctions or tho peculiarities of Church govern- ment. 3\. Te effect thli objcot, Missionaries of approved cha. racter and qualifications, who shall give themselves to the work, shall bo omployed and paid by the InsUtutlon. Their duty shall be to visit from liouso to houso, In Hie respective districts that shall be assigned to thom, read the Scriptures, engage in roiiglous conversation, and urge thoso who aro living In tho ncgleot of religion to observe the Sabbath, and to attend pabilo worship. Tiley theil also soo that all persons possess the Scriptures, ihall distribute approved religious tracts, and aid in obtaining scriptural education for ohlldren. By approval of the Commlttoe, thoy shall hold moetlngs for reading and expounding the Scriptures and prayor, and shall adopt such olhormcansasthoCommlllaumay think nccotsary for the accomplishment of the oijoet of the Mission. 4\. As the object'of the mission Is to extend tho know, ledge of tho Gospel, It li a fundamental law Hut the following dootrlncs bo prominently taught by tin agents and publications of Hie Mission. Thoy aro given, " not In the words which man's wisdjm tcaehcth, but which tho Holy Ghost tanchclh." « AU baie sinned, and come short of tho glory of Gol." " In tho boglnnlng wn3 tho Word, and tho Word was ?with God, and the Word was God. And tho Word wai modo flesh, anti dwolt among ns " " Except a man he born agsln, ho cannot see tho kingdom of God " "The blocd of Jesus Christ his Son cloansoth us from all lin." "Being Ju.tiacd by faith, TÍO hivo peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ."*" Neither is there salvation lit any othor, for lhere Is nono other ñamo under heaven given arning min, whereby wo must-kp stved." " Holiness, witina: which no man shsll seo tho Lord." " Yo aro sanotlOoi by tho Spirit or our Gcd." 1 Cor. II. 13 ; Horn. lil. 21 : John 1. li-14; John 111. 3; 1 John 1. 7 : Horn. v. 1; Acta lv. 13 ¡ Heb. x11.14 ¡ 1 Cor. vi. 11. 8\. Tho general busincisof tho Melbourne City Mission ihsll bo conducted by a Committee constituted Impar. Hally of members of the various uvaugellesl Protestant Churches; the examiners of Missionaries to consist of ministers of such C'hurc°..ci, chosen I a par li ally; all of ?horn, with tho tioasurcr, secretaries, and auditors, theil bo members of tho committee (ex ejido). G. Persons subscribing not less than one guinea an- nually shall lie members of the Instltntion. 7\. A general meeting shall be held annually (or offener If necííJitry) to appoint the oilloo.bearers, ro cclvo a ro|tort of the proceedings of the Mission and of the state of the funds. All matters proposed shall be determined by the majority of tho members proiont. Tho mooting shall bo opened and conclcded by prayer, and tho president for the day shall sign the minutes of ti o proceedings. In eonnoxlon with tho annual meet, lug, ono sermon or more shall be preaohed, of which due iiolloe shall bo given. B. Tho funds of the Mission, arising from donations, legacies, subscriptions, collections, io., shall be ex- pended under the direction of the committee, upon the salaries or the Missionaries, the purohaso of trnots, and in incctln,; all necessary charges in conducting the bus!, ness of tim Mission. 9\. 1 hal no alteration shall bo male In tho constitu- tion, except nt an annual meeting, or general meeting specially convened by the committee, upon a rc.lulil tlon stating Hie natara of the alteration, signed by II fly of Hie menibors, nud tobo held within twenty.one days of tho receipt of such requisition. AITS ii. The committee having tintv submitted tho rules agresl upon for a Melbourne City Mission, would make an earnest appeal for tho support of this society. Every true servattt of tho Lord Jesus must dcslro to see the wholo of Hie population constantly visited by men of Ootl, whose sole object is their eternal stellare, an J whoso «ole instrument for effecting that object I« the glorious gospel of the blessed God. Tito work to be ne coniplished is fire.it- the moans by which it is to bj attempted are simple ant ftgrceablo to God's word-His h'ipe of success Is founded on God's promises. Lctovory Chi istlatt help. If the work bowl,ely carried forward, we rannrit cstlnuite the amount of good wh'ch may be accomplished; IMt bo nojlcctil, we know not how noan lli't splrttutl evils with which we are lurrouudcd msy notovcrttholiu ui as willi a flood. The Itov. Mr. EGüLESTONE then mover! the following rebolntion : That tho report now real of tho preliminary proceed- ings, and tho rules its presontcd, bo adopted and printed uni« the direction of the commltteo to bo hereafter named. The rev. gentleman, in conreo of his add ros <, cxpro:s;d his perfect concurrence in tho ob' je< ts of tho institution. Largo mn'ses of thi poj illation weio not in tho habit of attending any placo of worship. Drunkenness and Sib b.ith-broiliing existed lo a wido and lamont able oMent in tina community, and s J did other vices. The influence of tho personal pioty of the various ministers would have some tendency to ovorcorno the difficulties advoital to by tito ltiglit Kivorend Chniiman, and ha ! believed that a combination of the varbui religious denominations was bist atHptod ti forwaid tho interests of tho inkt:tution. Edu- cation would bo bouciited, and so would the sii'k and tho dyinfr. HEXKY JENNINGS, Esq., seconded tin résolution, and was harpy to seo sueh a catho- licity of spirit as was displayed at Uli» merit- ing, lia cordially agroud with tho object] of tho mooting, and would deeply rejoice in t'io eucccti, of tlie Association. The KBV. Mr. MILLER supported tho reso- lution, and obsorved that the vico whUh abounded in. some of tho narrow strooti of Mulbouruo afforded ample proof of tho necss eity of suob an institution. The resolution was then put, and carriol unanimously. The ltov. A. HOUISON moved the neNt resolution. That Uio provalcnco of lnlemperanco and Irreligión the Influx of population, and tho manifest lnadcn,ui:y of the supply of religious ordinances in this olly, furnish evident proof of the necessity for the eslihUili. mentof such a mission as that proposed, while the »crlplur.il and catholic basis of this society strongly claims the cympathlci and exertion) of all who love ant sert o the Lord Jesus Christ, Tho lbvorcnd Gentleman epdko at con- siderable lougth in wipport of tho resolution that bo had wad, and during his address paid a vorv high compliment to tho Itishop. Tliu ltov. DU. CjilltNS (ccouded tho reso- lution, and eald thure was no parallel in lilbtury for the suddon growth and extension of the eily. Ile dwolt upon the cunduetof tho authorities, who permitted tho multipli- cation of publie houBcs, which bo regarded as Iho bano and ruin uf thousands of tho citi/.ens of Melbourne Ho remarked upon the tempta- tions to which luimigrntits were oxpoied on landing on thoco shores, and pointed to tho jiropoitieu toi ininlstoia and cburcbos to Iho population ol' the inhabitants of the city, and upon thceo grounds' argued tho necessity for the present Institution, though ho thought a mission was not equal to regular ministerial t(forts; but in the nrsoiico of tho ono wo must not refuse tho other. He drew a picture of tito qualities that should be found in the lav missiouaiy who would bo sent out. HENl'iY LANGLANDS, fc'sq , supported tho résolution, aud recounted samo of tho results, Tho Kov. Mr. AttLAN, from tho body of tho mooting, gave an ticeouutof his expuiluneo of the Loudon City Mission, and said that individuals in tho mother country «upportiid pailloulnr missions, and In tliii wealthy oity of Molbourno ho did not seo why iho samo thing should not hu Directed. JOHN MATTHEW BMITII, Esq.,niovod Tiint from tlio urgent necessity for onlarged and lignions exuilens In carrying out the objects of thli Boilely, the cxpciislvoneis both of preliminary arid Niiiiiaiitut arrangements, it Is lin- nnlum upon this ¡.hillturn community lo exercise humility not from licet dent hut from a regiiid U tho paramount Im 1 ormino of tho objects now commciiúed to their cou- ll JenttlDii mid in a very forciblo atldrcrs showed tho no cimUy of souio moto solid suiiportthan that of nrnpnthy. Notes of hand would bo sont lelind. Ho said that £3000 would bo ro (iiiiiud (o enable tho institution to tindo) Uko its wolle. Tho Rov. Mr. SYMONS nocondod tho HMilutinn. Tim ltov. Mr. «I A UK BIT supported tho icsoltttlnn, and showed tho Dumber of mis hlonaiios that would bo required, whioh lie set ut ten fur tlio olly anil hu «ninnis, and sa'd ihnt one guinea in Melbourne mis wolth no mino th'iii live shillings lu Lombn. 'J bo lesolution was put and parnell, and slips < f papor were sent lound for the piimiisio-y not va; plates also went round fur the ready ltiuiiDV collodion. Tito «bolo amounted ti £'.m'0'. 3d. A gentleman whoso nanio did not tinnsplro, came loi ward aud oll'eitd to Mibnotlbo £10 for cm h til' Ibu ton mlnlbtora It was proposed to « biiiMHi, if any other nlimgotitliuiH'ii then pr> .r'Viit'"f>ni)lililothoh!imo, but tho cull was not )i'»|iiihl(fiir to', ' Tl.« Wims gi'iitloinim nftor Miilds oll'uiod to givo £10 ¡is li itoiiittleu II auy other niño would do ao, and this proposition wo H responded to, thus adding another £100 to the subscriptions. i - ¡ The Eev. Mr. BAMSAY moved That tho thanks of this meeting aro duo lo tim Right Itéreront! tlio Lord Bishop of Holbourne, for Ititi kindness In presiding on this occasion. - '; ,.? « Tlio Bev. gentleman spoke briefly in favor of the institution. ' i The Bev. Mr. SCOTT secondod tlio reso. lution, which was put and wrrict}f/J j \ , The Bev. Mr. ODELL proposed . vote oE thank» to the Bight Bev. Chairman. The Bev. ,2fr. JARKETT seconded and pnt the resolution, whioh was put and carried with acclamation. i Tha Chairman returned thank*. Frayer was offered up, and the mooting .«.jsratod. _ 