COLUMN FOR YOUNG FOLKS. RESULTS OF THE BATTLES OF DRUM. CLOG AND BTHWELL BRIDGE. The prisoners in Edinburgh were now to be dealt with. The two ministers, King and Kidd, whom claverhouse had seized, and whom the Covenanters had rescued at Drumclog, were put to death, although they had not been at-Both well, and were merely passive spectators of the former battle. Five others who bad no partici pation in the death of Sharp wore fakui to Magnus Muir, executed and hung in chains. Twelve hundred were huddled together in Greyfriars church-yard, with no covering but the sky, and no couch but the cold earth. Of these, some died ; others made their escape ; others were sent free on signing an obligation never to lake arms against the king; and about two hundred and fifty-seven were expelled their country, and shipped for the island of Barbudoes, there to be sold as slaves. Of these two hundred were drowned in a storm off tho Orkneys, the captain having first secured his crew, and then shut the hatches upon tho unhappy prisoners, Tho remainder wore saved. But tho results of tho battle of Bothwell Bridge were of a much more extensive and disas trous kind. It led to more severe and systematic oppression on the part of tho Government ; it drove tho persecuted into deeper seclusions than they had over penetrated before ; and it produced extravagances of sentiment, action, and language, which only barbarous treatment can excuse. They now retired into remoter wildernesses, compared to which the moor of Loudon-hill was a ehampaign country. Sunless glens, dark moras ses, where peat-water was the only drink ; old forests ; and tho summits of hills, lonely and buried among the surrounding mountains ; dark wooded and rooky dens by roaring cata racts ; caves, the mouths of which were concealed by brush-wood or by rowan trees, and the roof and sides of wbieh were dripping with a damp and unwholesome dew ; such were tho retreats into which Scotland’s persecuted children were now compelled to carry their bibles and their swords. Tho wildernesses of Galloway, of Nithsdale, and of Ayrshire, were suddenly peopled with strange, wild-seeming, solitary men, with long grizzly beards, gaunt visages, eyes burning with tho glow of earnestness—tho gray gleam of the partition between enthusiasm and madness—all bearing little clasped bibles in their bosoms, and short, bat true-tempered, shabbies by their sides. Sometimes they met in broad day- ' light for worship, but in numbers much less, and with spirits not nearly so buoyant, as on that Sabbath morning at Drumolog, Now the pre cautions they took against surprise were much stricter, but at the same time their spirits were even prouder and more determined. They were like chafed lious or bears bereaved of their whelps. Tho language of their preachers had soared up into a wilder poetry, an austerer symphony, than before. One is reminded of the days cf Israel’s prophets ; of Moses, wandering at tho foot of the mount which ho is yetv'tp climb, in';,all the trembling pomp of a lonely mission, to-the .feet of the fire-girt God ; of Elijab’;in the cave,-listening to the mighty wind, the earthquake, and the fire, which are gone before tho Lord ; of Ezekiel, astonished upon tho banks of tho Chobar,or gazing on the valley of dry bones ; of John tho Baptist, 3, feeding on his locusts and wild honey, in the midst of that groat and terrible wilderness, and clad in his garments of camel’s hair; of Jesus himself,- treading in majestic solitude the moun tain of the Temptation, or wrestling with the ad versary who encountered him there. Inferior, infinitely indeed, the inspiration issuing from these modern Eremites ; not to be named the plaids of those latter wanderers with the sheep-skins and goat-skins of tho men of other days ; but in suf ferings in solitude, and in deep-hearted ernestness, Cargill, Cameron, and Renwick, may bo ranked even with that. list of confessors who inhabited ‘ Jens and caves of the earth, being destitute, afflicted, and tormented, of whom the world was not worthy.’ Their worship was not unfrequently performed at night, under the canopy of Scotland’s midnight heaven, with Orion on the south, shining in meek yet mighty rivolship with the Great Bear of the northern sky, with the Pleiades passing overhead like, a star dissolving into its particles of glory with the wind wailing in its passage over a thousand moors—with streams.' mingling their many voices with its doleful melody—did these -persecuted Christians meet, and their hoarse psalm, and the loud deep voice of their preacher, did finely harmonize, and make up the full com pliment of those * voices of the night.* Arid ns the preacher warmed with tho theme, and alluded to that brief gleom of victory which visited their cause at Drumolog, or bewailed tho fatal bridge of Bothwell, fierce eyes became fiercer in the dark ness ; their bibles were clasped with greater cr nestness to their bosoms; their ban 's uncon sciously grasped their swords, and the whole con gregation moved like tho waves of a stormy sea aud swore, as it were, one deep silent oath to avenge their quarrel and the quarrel of their desert-inhabiting God. Few now comparatively the voices to sing their war- melody——' 1 In Judah » land ; ’ but rougher and deeper were their accents, and the psalm seemed now the cry of blood going up to heaven from the silent wilderness below, and through that starry desert above, which conducts, by Us long and burning stages, to the throne of God. Such exorcise amid such scenes were sure to bewilder many, to exasperate others, and to mad den not a few. Everyone remembers bow Scott has described the education of Brian, the hermit, the demon-sprung—how ‘‘/Tho dosorls gave him visions wild Suoh as might aulUUo spootro's child."— how the mist was woven into mysterious faces — how ghostly beings seemed to spring fiom the spray of the water-falls, and how at night the voices of wind and stream became unearthly prophesyings, or weird lamentations—how the sound "Of charging steeds oarooring fast Along IJouhat'row's shingly side, Whoro mortal horseman infer might ride," disturbed his slumber and excited hia frenzied imagination. And so, too, was it with the Came ronians. Alone with nature in its most rugged forms, haunted by those dreary hills which were at once their defence and their terror—stung by memories of past cruelty on tho part of their enemies, and sometimes on their own side— emaciated by hunger, and reading perpetually of tho marvels and miracles of a byc-gono day, a gloomy giant-shape of superstition took possession of their souls. It was not in fairies “ dancing their ringlets to the whistling wind,’* nor in the ghosts of the departed “ revisiting tho glimpses of tho moon,” that they so much believed, as in forms of tho worship of awe, sterner and wilder and less indigenous to Scotland. They believed in magic, and in satanic agency. Their enemies were all sold to Satan. Clavcrhouso was proof against lead, and so was Dalziel. Sharp bad been a sorcerer, and fitly died on Magus Muir, It was magical power that arrested their career at Glasgow, and smote them with that ruinous panic at Bothwell Bridge. It was customary they said for drunken prelates to meet -at midnight, and to drink tho devil’s health. They did not, however, ascribe everything to the devil. They too often made God another devil, and attributed to him every sudden or surprising death that befell their persecutors. Sometimes, like Arms, their bowels gushed oat. Again, their tongues swelled in their mouths till they could speak no more. Again, they were found lying with mouths gaping wide, and . tongues hanging out, as if bit by the invisible ghost of a mad dog. A comrade runs one of them through tho body at tho very spot where he had bound Mr. Cargill, and with an oath too terrible to be repeated by us ho expires. Some times their bodies rotted away piecemeal, and some times the wine they were about to drink was turned into congealed blood. Such were tho dreadful myths which despair and solitude engendered between them in the Covenanting mind. To this class, too, probably, belong many of the prophecies they incessantly ascribe to some of their more eminent ministers. Cameron, Cargill, Reuwick, were all in the habit of predicting events which afterwards happened. Cargill, for instance, when threatened by Rothes with a violent death, said that whatever his death might be, lie should never live to see it; and on the very morning of the execution of Cargill, Rothes is said to have died in horror, Cameron, too, was endowed with the same power. To tho Laird of Logan he said, that he should be written childless, and to Horsecleugh, that he should suffer by burning, both of which afterwards came to pass ! But tho principle of these clear-seers was the famous Alexander Peden, a native of Ayrshire, and who, after many wanderings and imprisonment m the Boss Rock, and many hair-breadth escapes, at last died in his brother’s bed. When forced to loavo his pulpit, he laid an arrest upon it, ‘:that none should enter it, except one that, like himself, came in by the door ; ’ and accordingly it is said, that neither enrate nor ‘ in dulged’ entered it till after the Revolution, when one of the Presbyterian persuasion was appointed its minister. Ho prophecied, also, a great many casus of sudden and supernatural death. He joined the Pentlaud rising ; but foreseeing its destruc tion, very prudently left it at the Clyde. On Bothwell’s fatal day, he was forty miles off, and declined to preach, because the Lord’s people were at that hour fleeing before their enemies at Hamilton, and their blood running like water. *3uoh is a mere sample of .the extraordinary sto ries about this man,— Gil/dlan. 