THE HAUNTED MAN. There is a beautiful Italian proverb which is powerfully, but, less poetically rcnlered into English "thereis a skele ton in every house.": I believe it, ahd go further than that, and say..' every man is haunted". At least I know I aim. I have been haunted all- my'life, and with an idea so absurd in'itoelf as to render the thought of it ludicrous, while the reality is-in. itself an idea of a miserable nature. Yes, I am haunted, annd with this idea, that I am, or am to be, a shepherd;: In my dreams now as ,hey were nearly forty years ago, I am one. When I am awake I believe, at intervals I shall be one. Laugh if you will, I am haunted with the idea, and am, consequently a haunted man, I 'don't know how the -ioion" firt entered my head; orf.l h i"the' spictre first seized on me. I fancy it must have been from-an early pernsal:oo intlliblo gical history, whcre Diana, escaping from Apollo, gets tirned -iniio a laurel tree ; or from revelling in the wanderings of Bacchus, and:the follies of the gods and imortals. .But - early, before I was through the Latin grammar, wore stand up collars or smoked a cigar, the notion was in£'my]head that: a sliepherd's life was the life of lives, and tha't a shepherd I must b Ie."- Ihad not a clear notion of what his duties .were,-but I always pic tured :him. clean but homely dressed. I gave 'him,. I know, a clean shirt daily, always clean. hands and face, ha curly head of hair, plenty ,to eat and drink, and good 'leather lekgings and clean frock on. I fancied his spare time (and I gave him 'plenty of that) devoted to the composition of poetry to " Ode to Phillis," " Sonnet to Daphiie" ".To My Pet Lamb," " Lines to the Old Ewe Dl)rcas," "On being lost 'in a Snow Storm." The" idea of course is ab surd, very absurd, I know it. I think now, but am not certain, I even then knew its absurdity, but I could not then, and :cannot now, 'shake off the ghost that haunts me. For years this' love' of' shepherdirig was on .me. W'e had a set of fine Louis Quartoze China, on which a pinch-faced 'shepherd, in silk stockings, was watch ing sheep-ogled by, some interesting ,Narcissa. Meanwhile, although I knew shepherds lhad left 'off wearing silken hose, yet with shepherds the cups and saucers- ieie'always associated ; :.nd so I mused over a shepherd's life, arnd sighed" and longed for a lierdsman's pleasures:- One Christmas, -I 'went away to spend the day in an old'coun try house: it was before it had become the fashion to destroy. ancient places:-- venerable from' its antiquity, and dear to-s6' all froii iancestral associations. -Snow had been falling-for some days previously, and.. the roads-wiere knee deep. When I, then a youngster, got iout of th " stige 'cdach, and had been 'duly' iiarmed with glasses of choice,:cor dial;I heard-forit was thegeneial.talk that the shepherd had been lost from the preceding nigh(, that horsenmen had been sent after him, that some of his' sheep had been- found-dead ';;and the: whole kitchen had something to say, saeoulative -as to the fate of the poor herd. Iv went to bed that night,:but not to sleep. There was.a secret closet in the room,'made for some purpose in .Henry the Fourth's-time, and out of that secret closet kept, to my distorted imagination, that lost shepherd coming, sometimes as himself, sonimetimes as come one else, but always-when -sleep: was about to over -take me,.did-I wake 6r rouse' up, with this lost man before, me. Then I rose: It was a clear, calm night, and from my bed roorh :window, miles 'and. niiles of snow, deep, deep snow was visible. I gazed from thatwindow for liours, when suddenly bells began tolling, not ring ing, but tolling. They canmein the 'di rection of the church, but I knew they were not church bells, for the church had none, nor, if it had' would they ever have rung them, for the Rector had afashionable wife, and two livings, aniid it was only abqyxt once in six. weeks thiat he left a good whist party,' and a .pretty: watering place, to give us (or those .i?'o went to him) the 'benefit of' a. prosy sermon;' unless, indeed; i' 'tIm hunting' season, when he would come': down on Saturday, preach .n, Sunday,, and' follow. the hodu'ids with the best of the club on the Monday. But' there, although I knew they were not church bells, tolled this peal till' I. weary and frightened, fell a-leep in a chair, before the ivindow to dream, of the' shepherd's body being brought home, on a bier decorated with flbioers; followed by his pet lamb, and some fair girl carrying, in memoriain, his: crook. . .. . 'When. I rose. hot and' tired, I heard the shepherd had been found, and.down stairs I bounded to see him. Therelie was-aged and lean. Dirty in appearance-coarse in manners-ask ing for a ' drap o' room" and a "pipe o' baccy." Eating . onions' by the kitchen fire till he stunk the whole 'kitchen, and his boots bathed in a'n excre ment, sending forth the most'villainous of 'smnlls.: I dropped' my love of shej herds for a while. I thiught', perhaps, the fit had left me. I hopedmy ghost had been laid--not it. Years afterwards,I was sick and ill, and simmering after dinner on a couch be fore 'tlhe fire, imbibinga little port-wine (i.e'comimerided to me for medicinal pur po'ses), when my attention was at tracted to a conversation. Some one from New South Wales had dined with us,:oitensibly :'to "eat his' dinner, but. ieally to discuss the basis of a loan he wished to raisb upon Colonial property, or Colosial produce. I don't know which. I know, as he argued upon the fertility of his property, and the beauties of the climate, he: was met'by a talk of the tightness 'of money, and the re mnoteness of the seciurty. Ilowever, as it *as being arranged, he st, uck in with a word about shepherds, and I sprang up,-my: evil geniusseized me, and my dark hour was on. Hi said how happy the slhiephetrd. was--plesity to; eat, and little to do.: Miles and miles of 'country, lovely and' beautiful to traverse, pay, and everything in abundance..I asked question after question, and he reidily answered ' me. I remember, even now, asking him, if, with. all heir 'leisure time,: they reid and studied mich, and his replying that ".they no doubt would, but' that the ma jority could neither read nor write." I fancy, now, he was laughing at me, I did not then; and when he rose and took his leave hie told me he hoped some day to see me at his station. told him perhaps I would visit him there sooner than hlie expected. They all laughed at this; God knows, boy as I then was, I meant it. Two months ift'ercards-.and in that two months ihow manyg.'l6orious tales I: had lictured o6fiiiy shcipli-ord's life-the- roughness of'faie, of ditss, of lodging, were among my principi d? elighlts; and I know I lirE?ic ff ?ii feather bled for many a night;? to adcustom myself by degrees to a herdsman's couch. Well, in two months I was well, and sallied one day towards the 'London Docks to seek a ship bourid for Australia :for what pur pose I.do.not know.now; of course then I liad an object in view. I got away down to Tower Hill, bit I met there such a vast number of tarry rough sailors, of dirty Jews, of flaunting' girls, that my soul rebelled, and I thought there must be a cleaner way of reaching Australia than by the dirty road East Smithfield led me. While thus thinking, a friend and school-siiate, with his father, espied me from a job 'chariot (in which they had been viewing the Tower). I joined them, and a plate of mock- turtle at Birch's, with a half-price visit to Drury Lane drove, for that time, my ghost away from me. But it only slept, it would not die. When I was making the tour of Scotland (or a-portidoi of it) years after, standing on an eminence, .I beheld a shepherd, robed in plaid and-bonnet, watching, like Young Norval, his father's flocks. My heart bounded again. The power of my tormenter assumed its full sway over me; and, I believe, but that I was with a -dear girl, one of the fairest and one of the best nature has constructed, i should :have rushed to that . stray sheplieril, "bartered my Dawson coat for his plaid, taken his 'blue boninet for my Parisian hat, and entrusted myself at once with the whole charge of 'his flock. Luck ily, that fit was prevented. After that I was in Wales-I remember it well-two weeks. The post brought some letters (I was no boy in years then, and had woes and cares mantling themselves around me) of a most unpleasant na ture. My whole. mind for a day was engrossed in business, but at night my horror-my shepherd ghost forced itself upon me, and-I felt determined to fly into the interior,'cast business on one side, and live the life my heart (under this delusion) told ine was the happiest. I had written i letter home, almost to that effeit (how people would have stared) when. close by the post office I met a shepherd, the exact idea of my whole life. His coarse shirt was scru puldusly neat and clean, a clean cotton kerchief was knotted around his neck, his leggings were new and bright, his smock homely, ' bit wholesome. : My heart bounded, and I eagerly rushed forward, to seek' some enquiry as to my future life. Alack.--He had been com mitted to 'takehis trial for sheep steal ing, and was 'then cleaned up for the occasion, on his way, handcuffed, from the prison to the Assize Court. I fled to London, and kept to my business, How many times thls demon appear ed since to me I cannot say. My hair is now growing grey, my eyesight is failing me, but still, ever and anon, the fit is on me. On landingin this Collny my who!e soul was .bent on the shelpherd's: mode of life. All my settling ' friend's statements were now, in my imagination, revived. Tr.ade I abominated. The works I planned 'to perform ' the poems to write, the treatises to compose. But friends stepped in and pointed out the misery, the brutality of the masters, the want of Water, the coarsecnss of living, the recklessness of one's associates. I yielded, as I often do, but not convinced. Years 'have rolled by since then. M'Iy ghost has riot left. I-e bursts out daily and ,ventually will, I know, possess me: I am doomed. Doomed to follow-herds, or why should I, 'possessed of this dembn, have quitted England. Yes the fiend that haunts me drew me from Great Britain here, here to conquer mi. I know it, I feel it. At Mount Some wheie I -,yet must be; miserable I be lieve--all accounts agree there. Mhiser able I must be, but yet dragged on, lured forward. Home, friends. associa tions, all must sink. before that phantasy which has seized me. Too plainly and too certainly I am' doomed to be-and perhaps end my drys , apart from all kindred as a--shepherd. " Oh, how the proverb is.now pressing on my memory, as each night brings the cursed demon, and esch morning only causes me to reflect over the vision of the-prcceding niglht. ' lhe idea is ve~ ryludicrous, but very dreadful, bnt'I am a haunted man. Ass. 