SYDNEY INFIRMARY AND DISPENSARY. The annual meeting of this Society took place last evening, according to notice given in the public papers, in the Church of England School-room, Castlereagh street. The attendance was very limited, and was marked by the total absence of ladies. The President of the Institution, the hon, E. Deas Thomson, having taken the chair, in opening the proceedings said-It was his duty, as President of the Society, to declare the object of the present meeting. By one of the standing rules and orders of the Institu- tion, it was required that there should be an Annual Meeting to receive the report of the Committee on the affairs and conduct of the Institution during the past year, and also to examine the accounts of its receipts and expenditure, which would be produced, It was peculiarly gratifying to him, on this occasion, the last on which he should have the opportunity of officiating in his present capacity, for a considerable time at least, to be able to say that the Institution was at present in 8 most flourishing condition, and that its finances were in a better state than they had been at any former period. Hafalt bound on this occasion to express the deep regret which he, in common with all other members of the Committee and of the Institution felt at the sudden and unexpected death of their late secretary, the Rev. Dr. McGarvie. To that rev. gentleman the Institution was deeply indebted for the philanthropy which had dictated his exertions in its behalf, and the patience, industry, and ability by which those exer- tions had been characterised. In expressing this opinion of the merits of their late secretary, he felt himself he was performing a mere act of duty, but in expressing it, he also believed he was only doing justice to the general and public admiration which the benevolence and philanthropy of their lamented friend deserved. (Cheers.) For himself he would say that his attendance at this meeting had been given at some personal inconvenience. In the position in which he stood they must be aware he had many calls on his time which would almost wholly engross his attention. But even at some sacrifice to himself he wished to show the high estimation in which he hold the Society; the deep to terra t he felt in its welfare and his great anxiety to promote its successful progress. He would now call on the Secretary, the Rev. Dr. Ross, to read the report. The Rev. Dr. Ross then read the following REPORT Of the Sydney Infirmary and Dispensary for the year ending 31st December, 1853. The Directors regret that soon after the commencement of the year, this institution sustained a severe loss by the unexpected death of its respected secretary, the Rev. Dr. McGarvie, a gentleman who from its first formation had diligently and suc cotsfully discharged the duties of that of Hee. They considered it their duty to put upon record the sentiments of esteem which they cherished towards him, and passed unanimously the follow the resolution as expressive of those sentiments. " That the Board has heard with the deepest regret of the unexpected death of their late secretary, the Rev. Dr. McGarvie, and would place upon record the unfeigned respect which they have ever entertained for his character, and their sense of the great loss which this institution haasusUlnol by his removal. In the year 1830 he became the Honorary Secretary of the Dispensary, and since its union with the Infirmary in 1844, he has held the same office. The duties which devolved upon him in this capacity were numerous and important, occasionally subjecting him to considerable annoyance, but to these duties he devoted himself with untiring perseverance, subdued opposition, by moderation and forbearance, and spared no sacrifice of time or labour when ncces s cry, for promoting the great interests of the institution. Of the kindest and most benevolent disposition, he was ever the friend of the poor who sought a refuge among us. " By all the officers, medical and civil as well as by the servants of the establishment, he was highly esteemed, and his name will live long as one of the original founders of the Sydney Ixi'iaiiAiiT AND DISPENSARY." At the unanimous and urgent request of the Directors, the Rev. Dr. Ross consented to perform the duties of Secretary until the annual meeting which is now held.- He has done so ; and should I the subscribers deem it right to elect him to that office during the ensuing year, he feels impelled by the deep interest which he takes in the prosperity and efficiency of so important an Institution as this, to declare his willingness to accept the appointment. No event of peculiar importance has occurred in the management of the affairs of the institution during the past year. A much larger number of patients has been admitted than during any former year, this will appear from the statement we are about to submit to you. Large additions of the size of the building are exceedingly desirable, but the high price both of materials and labour render this at present impossible. An iron house has been purchased for the use of such patients as are occasionally introduced, or who while in the house become noisy and unmanageable, and do mischief to the other patients by their boisterous and outrageous conduct., But this is not enough : accommodation is needed for uncivilized and barbarous foreigners from the neighbouring islands, and for the Chinese, all of whom are generally unfit to be placed in the same ward with our own countrymen. Separate apartments are also required for syphilitic patients, and not less necessary is a lying-in ward for the use of the poor, who are unable to procure the necessary attendance at their own houses, or who have no house of their own in which to be confined. But however necessary and desirable all this may be, we must wait for better times, and we do hope that, ere long, these times will arrive in which, if the price of labour do not fall, we shall have the happiness of finding that money will become more plentiful, and that the funds of the institution will rise so as to be on a level with its requirements. The number of patients admitted during the year amount? to a 1493, of which 1087 were males, 377 were females, and 34 were children. At the commencement of the year there were 169 in the house, and at the close of it there were 119, so that the whole number treated was 1488; of these 807 were medical, and 640 surgical cases. The number of admissions in each month was as follows: January, 13) february, 114 ; March, 109 ; April, MR May, 134 ; Burrill; July, 133; August, 154; September, 128: October, 108; November, 30, and December, 10 the greatest number being in the month of August, and the fewest In the month of October. Accidents and urgent cases amount to 117; operations performed, 21\. Of the cases treated, 055 were discharged cured ; 210 were relieved; 22 were sent to the Benevolent Asylum as Incurable. ; 1 to Tarban Creek ; 18 were discharged for breaking the rules ; 30 were discharged at their own request, and 231 died, 07 were moribund at the time of their admission, and 18 died on the day of their admission, and 17 on the second day. The list of the various diseases under which the patients suffered will be given In an appendix to this report ; these most prevalent were rheumatism, under which 212 persons suffered ; diarrhoea, 112 ; ulcers of the legs, 73 ; abscess, 55 ; fever, 60 ; syphilis, 07. The number diseases treated at the Dispensary by the District Medical Officers amounts to 1205, for whom 6039 prescriptions were ordered ; 230 patients were visited at their own houses. . It is the pleasing duty of the Dlreo or to state that the medical officers both of the Infirmary and Dispensary have been unremitting in the discharge of their duties, and by their able and skilful services, and diligent attention to those committed to their care, have conferred a large amount of benefit upon the colony. They are entitled to-and-fro Board are assured will, receive the cordial thanks of the public. One of the members, District Surgeon, has resigned his office; on account of his leaving the colony. Mr. Caleb Egan was appointed by the weekly committee to' All his place until this meeting. It will be therefore your duty to confirm the appointment of the Committee, or to elect another. Of the manner in which Mr. H. Houston, the House Surgeon, discharges his duty, the Board cannot speak too highly. He is always in his place, attentive to the patients, and indefatigable in his endeavours to carry out the intentions of the Directors : with Mrs. Ghost, the matron, and Mr. Hampton, the house steward, they are also much pleased. indeed, to the diligence and activity, and harmonious operation of these officers of the establishment, along with Mr. Houston, may be attributed a large measure of the success which attends the operations of this Institution. The Board would express their regret that the president of the society, the hon. E. Deas Thomson, Bill., is so soon to leave our shores to him it is largely indebted for the effective aid which he has always been willing to render it. They hope, however, that his absence will only be temporary, and cherishing this hope, they are not prepared to recommend that his a nice for the present, should be filled up by any other, but that his name should still continue to be found in the list of its omeo bearers. No argument is roiuirodaftor the statement of facts embodied in this report to induce the public to continue to give to it their patronage and support. What would this city what would this colony do without the Sydney Infirmary and Dispensary ? Where would the unhappy victims of dlBttaso meet with relief or cure? What doors would be open for the houseless stranger-the sons and daughters of poverty, suffering under acute and dangerous disease ? Day and night the gates are open for the reception of all who are thrown into jeopardy by accidents, and the best advice of the most skilful medical men, and the best of treatment, are secured for them. If there be one benevolent Institution more deserving of support than another, it is this; and the support which it requires the Directors are assured will be as cheerfully afforded in the future as it has been during the past years of its existence, and in a manner corresponding with the increasing wants of the population. Mr. Thomas Woolley then read a detailed statement of the accounts of the Institution, display- ing a cash balance in favour of the Institution of £2269 11s. 8d. Sir Alfred STBntr.x : If they might judge of the feeling of the people of Sydney, and the extent they considered it to be their duty to support this society, by the attendance at this meeting, he should certainly feel deeply ashamed of his fellow-citizens. But fortunately this was not the case. The thinness of the attendance might well be attributed to the state of the weather, and also to the fact that there had been during the day another demand on public charity, to which a liberal response had been given, and which had claimed the attendance of a large class of people. If, however, there were not these reasons for the present scanty audience, it would not be fair to judge from it that the people of Sydney were insensible or indifferent to the claims of this Society, For a long series of years past, the Committee had seen and the public had been made aware of the lamentable, he felt almost bound to say the culpable, apathy which had been manifested on occasions similar to the present. But that this apathy and indifference really was identified with the merits of the Institution was clearly not the case. They found from the interesting report which had been read to them that the funds of the Society were in the most flourishing condition, and that this rew.lt arose mainly from the increase in the amount of the voluntary subscriptions to it and if the citizens were ready to contribute more liberally now to the funds of the Society than before, it was a proof more tangible of their opinion in favor of the Institution than their absence on the present occasion could be against it. From the report he gathered that, while the number of the patients in the Institution had increased on the last year from 1200 to 1500, the private subscriptions in the same period had increased from 1500 to over £1000. The greater proportional increase of the subscriptions to that of the patients showed that this was no falling off in the feeling and sympathy of the people of Sydney in behalf of this Society,, and he repeated that he should be ashamed of his follow citizens if such could be the case. An institution founded on such principles as the Sydney Infirmary mus ; deserve support. There was not one which could come into a parallel with it in its claims on the public at large, unless indeed it might be the Asylum for Destitute Children. In the Infirmary all classes were admitted. There disease was treated with skill, attention, and tenderness. None could judge of the danger, pain, and suffdrirTg relieved in that institution, without they judged by themselves what amount of pain and suffering, under similar circumstances, without such an institution, they would have to undergo. Those who did not judge thus let them pass through the wards of the institution, and see these poor creatures unable of themselves to procure the slightest relief, but by the intervention of this society receiving every care which could be administered to them, even were they lying in tapes- tried chambers on beds of down. He wished that such experience was more frequent, for he was sure that if people would see for themselves how much of pain, how much of fearful human suffering could be alleviated by the dispensations of this Institution, how much good might be done at the expenditure of very small means ¡ none would grudge to give their shilling to its support, even if it were the very last they had in their pockets. The resolution he had to prop so was the usual formal one for the adoption of the report, and he should not trespass on the time of the meeting by dilating upon it but if there were any point in the report which called for remark it was those passages which alluded to the exertions of the medical officers of this Institution. He could not too strongly express his sense of the deserts of these excellent men. When he compared the services of the members of his own profession to the par one volun- tary and unpaid services he felt how far they were beneath, una he was lost in admiration to mark the extent of the philanthropy of these gentlemen. Their time, their learning, and talents were all given freply, I at great sacrifices to themselves, and all this was given j cheerfully, eagerly, ann cames 4y. He might also be pardoned if he ventured to allude to that part of the report which referred to his hon. friend on his left - I their respected President. He was the last by inclination, it would be most improper for him, in the position he held, to appear even to flatter any one but on the present occasion it was only just to say that no humane and philanthropic Institution in the colony had escaped the active and energetic patronage of Mr. Thomson. And of those Institutions, none perhaps had received so large a share of his encouragement as the Sydney Infirmary. If the Institution had been successful in a public point of view, it was deeply indebted to him. He had supported it most liberally with his own private means, with his own private exertions ; but he had I done more-it was to him, that must in a great degree be attributed the generous support which the Institu- tion had rec saved from the local Government; and though he wished not to depreciate the excellent intentions of the head of the Government, it must be evident to all that those intentions could be of little value if not directed by the hand of practical experience. That the attention of the Government could be directed to the latter object there could be no doubt. What would they do without it Would they allow the 1500 inmates who had been received to be swept away without any effort to rescue them. He would not, however, say that all had been done which might be done. The field for an institution like this were wide, and by private and public endowment it ought to be extended to its utmost limits. He believed its real claims were little known and appreciated among the humbler classes, who, if they knew how easily they could contribute to the alleviation of those physical diseases and casualties to which they themselves were easily accessible, would gladly contribute to the extent of their incomes, and they were now almost the richest class, to the support of this noble institution. He now begged to move the first resolution That the report now read be approved, and, along with the treasurer's accounts, be printed and circulated under the direction or the board of directors. The Rev. Grorob Kirra felt great pleasure in rising to second the resolution, and this pleasure was considerably enhanced by the very practical speech they had just listened to-not only on account of that speech itself, but also, from the circumstance that it rendered it unnecessary for him to enter at any length into the merits of the report, to which his attention must be confined by the motion before them and as there were other speakers to follow who had more interesting matter to engage their attention he would be very brief in the observations he had to make. indeed he felt it an honour to contribute his assistance with those advocates of the cause who were engaged more laboriously and more actively in carrying forward the object which they had in hand than he could possibly be, The report might be characterised as one continued allusion to all the physical ills incidental to our common humanity and in order to enlist our sympathies, and all the best feelings of our hearts in the cause of this Institution, it was only needed to tell forth the simple facts which that report records, the very reading of which would touch a chord in the breast of every man, who is not completely sensualized by evil passions, which will draw him more effectually into an alliance and a cordial co- operation with this charitable association, than any arguments or any persuasion with which he might attempt to enforce its claims. There was one observation, however, to which he would advert before he sat down ; the report Stated that additional buildings for important purposes were required, but that the high price of labour at present caused them to suspend all operations. Now, he considered it of suchptramount importance that additional accommodation should be provided for Foreign erB from various parts of the globe, and especially that a lying-in ward should be erected, that he hoped more strenuous efforts would be made, and more liberal contributions sent in to carry these desirable objects into effect, since he felt convinced that in this rich community neither the means nor the will would be found wanting. As a philanthropic scheme, he could justly say of this one before them that it was purely benevolent ; it approached more nearly as far as regarded the body, with which alone in the present case they had to do, to the character of an emblem of the Divine Messenger, the Great Physician, than any other of a similar nature with which he was acquainted ; this institution lives only in the relief it imparts to the suffering poor ; its very existence is one continuous stream of the wine and oil of Christian charity on the sons and daughters of affliction, and the exercise of this good work is participated not only by those men who here devote their time, their talents, their purse, their energies to it, but also by those friends of humanity who, in a more remote sphere, contribute to its pecuniary support. And who can tell with what amount of blessing the gifts which you here bestow upon the suffering poor will revert into your own bosom j for we know " the gift of charity is not strained, it droppeth like the gentle dew from heaven upon the place beneath ; it is twice blessed, it blesseth him that gives and him that takes it is an attribute of God himself, for God is charity." (Hear, hear.) The resolution was carried unanimously. The Venerable Archdeacon M'Encboe moved the next resolution, which runs as follows: That the thanks of this Meeting he presented to his Excellency the Governor- General, and the Legislative Council, for the liberal aid afforded from the Colonial Revenue for the year 1853, to the funds of the Institution. It was with great pleasure that he rose to move this resolution. It was with very great gratification that he acknowledged the liberal support which the institution had received at the hands, of the Government, In fact its existence now was mainly owing to the very extensive aid which it had received from the public funds under the auspices of their benevolent and excellent president. (Hear, hear). It was also a matter worthy of remark, that this aid was given in the wisest and most effective manner. There were two ways in which it had a very important bearing. Not only did the Government guarantee a certain amount annually in aid of the institution, but the fact of their doing so induced a subscription to the same extent from the public, for it was only on this condition that the Government would consent to assist the institution at all. Thus the advantage of the Government assistance in the matter was twofold. It would, no doubt, be a very desirable thing if we had benevolent men amongst us who, as in times of old, would found hospitals and other charitable institutions out of their own private purse. He hoped that the day would yet arrive when men of such feeling and nobility of nature would be found to set us those glorious examples of Christian charity and philanthropy which had distinguished those great men to whom he had alluded, and whose names were chronicled in the annals of our country. However desirable the support of the Government might be to an institution of this kind, it was by no means expedient or necessary that these institutions should be I supported exclusively by the Government, Such an } arrangement would operate unfavourably to the best feelings of our nature. If the Government were invested with the exclusive privilege of relieving the poor, the sick, and the infirm, the result would be that every right-minded man in the community would be deprived of a great duty and a great grati- fication the duty and gratification of exercising real benevolence towards his fellow-men. The springs of Christian charity would eventually become dried up, from sheer disuse, and the real religious benefit derived from the exercise of this noble sentiment would hardly be known or appreciated. (Hear, hear.) The report alluded In handsome terms to our late much respected and indefatigable secretary Dr. McGarvie. No one in this colony had done so much to advance the interests of this institution as the rev. gentleman whose decease they must all in common lament. He was glad to have the honour of informing them that Dr. McGarvie and himself were in reality the originators of the Sydney Infirmary and Dispensary. (Hear, hear.) When the thing was first commenced, which was in the year 1814, their means were very limited indeed, whilst the difficulties to be overcome were exceedingly great. Not with standing this, he and Dr. McGarvie determined to persist in their laudable object, firmly believing as they did that such an institution was both practicable and necessary. For the first two or three years they worked side by side in a small room, which they had rented in Pitt street, and as very little encouragement was offered at the time, their duties were anything but pleasing in the ordinary sense of the term. He (Archdeacon McEncroe) was the first to suggest to the late excellent Governor Sir Richard Bourke the expediency of founding an institution of this kind, and granting it support from the public funds. He pointed out to his Excellency how such charities were originated and supported in Ireland, and the consequence was that from that time to the present, the Sydney Infirmary and Dispensary has been liberally supported by the Government, and instead of being held in a small room in Pitt-street, it was now being carried on in one of the largest and most commodious buildings in Sydney (Cheers). Such was the humble origin of this most important institution, and such was the great change which had taken place within the last few years-a change which they o used, mainly to the wise and generous policy of the Government, in which their noble-minded president took so prominent and efficient a part. He (Mr. M'Encroe) fully concurred with his Honor, Sir Alfred Stephen, that there were many persons in this community who would contribute towards the support of this institution if they could only be made thoroughly acquainted with its nature and the tenure by which it existed. Many parties were under the impression that it was entirely a Government matter, that the institution was dependent exclusively on the Government and consequently the only thing which they cared to know was not how they could support it, but by what means they could obtain assistance from it in cases of accident or disease. From this ignorance the institution did not receive one quarter of the support which it ought to receive, and which its usefulness had already proved it so well deserved. He, for one, was decidedly of opinion that those who would not subscribe voluntarily should be compelled to subscribe. It was not fair that the support of an institution designed for the benefit of all classes should devolve on a mere fraction of the community and in order to remedy this evil to some extent, he thought that every invalid admitted into the Infirmary or Dispensary who had relatives or an employer in a position to afford it, should be made to support the institution through the medium of a contiibjiion from such parties. Every invalid who might not be so circumstanced could be admitted by virtue of an order from the Government, and thus no inconvenience could for at by carrying out the arrangement proposed. With these observations he had great pleasure in moving the resolution which had been entrusted to him. Mr. George A Lloyd said that he felt quite safe in consenting to second a resolution which he knew was to be moved by Archdeacon M'Encroe, as he was aware from experience, that the Archdeacon generally exhausted any motion entrusted to his care, and had, in the present instance, fa usual, left him but little to say ; he would, however, make one or two remarks before sitting down. Were any stranger to enter the room and learn that this was a meeting of the supporters of the Sydney Infirmary and Dispensary, and form an estimate of the pulse of public feeling from the number there present, he would doubtless arrive at the conclusion that the Society was in its last agonies, and that it must certainly die. He felt, however, that the public were not to be judged by their absence on that occasion, ina3nviah as they had proved by the liberality of their subscriptions during the past year the interest they took in the welfare of the institution and it was well known that in days gone by, when the policy of the Directors was questioned, the public assembled in large numbers to support the Board, and save the institution from destruction, He (Mr. L.) took their absence as a proof that they were so well satisfied with the president and directors as to leave the matter entirely in their hands. He concurred in all that had fallen from Archdeacon M'Encroe on the subject of the resolution- The Board did not consider that they had to thank the Government be much for what it had done, as for the manner in which it had been done, it was no doubt the duty of Government to support 'this institution ¡ but there were two ways of performing a duty, and to the honour of the Government be it said, it had performed its part with a grace and dignity which reflected the highest credit on all concerned. He (Mr, L ) had been on the direction for many years, and he could not remember an instance in which they had asked the Government for anything in reason which had been refused. In years to come, when their children were walking the streets of this great city, that noble building in Macquarie-street would stand as an enduring monument of the wisdom and benevolence of the Government under which their parents had lived, and be the instrument of transmitting the benefits now enjoyed to future generations. The resolution was then put and carried unanimously. Mr. Justice Therry, in proposing the next resolution, said It is a resolution of thanks to the President, and I agree with Sir Alfred Stephen that it is an. unpleasant task to flatter any man in his presence, but I think he will agree with me, that merited praise is not an offering of fat tery, but a tribute of justice. (Hear, hear.) I know not why this resolution should have been placed in my hands unless it is that having come to the colony much about the same time as Mr. Thomson I have longer been an eye-witness of his career than at least the majority of those who compose the present meetings therefore are not so much as an orator to pronounce a speech, as a witness to offer evidence. (Hear.) My tea imony then extends over a period of twenty years and, up wards- no small segment in the circle of the life of any man. It may not be as well known to some here-as it is to me-that Mr. Thomson owed his first appointment in this colony to the great statesman, Mr. Huskisson, whose star is now ascendant in the policy of the British empire. Like that great statesman, his mind is more remarkable for solidity than brilliancy. Like him, his main merit is an enlightened and well instructed good sense, and, believe me, the possessor of that intellectual treasure have bestowed larger benefits upon mankind than the greatly gifted in genius and eloquence have ever yet conferred like him, too, he has won his way by pursuing the honest and straightforward path of duty It was said of the Roman patriot Fabricius, that it was as difficult to turn him from the path of duty, as " it was to turn the sun from its course." This was a splendid compliment. It attributed to him not only the perfection of honesty, but the perfection of wisdom for experience teaches us that in all the pursuits and business of life, the honest course is the wisest and the best. (Cheers,) These qualities could not escape the attention of the able Governor, Sir R. Bourke, under whom Mr Thom- son served, and I never can forget the tone of confidence with which that eminent man declared to me, that if there were any who then supposed that Mr. Thomson owed his elevation to his present high office to the accident of his relationship to him as Governor, time would dissipate the delusion-and public opinion vindicate the propriety of the appointment (Cheers). And has it not done so ? (Loud cheers). Is it not now admitted and declared by the voice of the whole community that if that good and sagacious Governor had reviewed and scanned the roll of all persons then holding office under his government, with the view of selecting a person in whom were to be found qualities of the greatest aptitude for the office, he could not have found one more eminently qualified to aid him in the difficult exigencies of Colonial Government than the gentleman he then chose to be the chief share in his confidence and counsels, (Hear, hear.) And amongst the many pleasing incidents with which the advanced years of that good man are no washed and made happy, it will be a source of great joy to him to find, on welcoming Mr. Thomson home, -that the choice he thus made less, on his departure, been stamped with the merited and unequivocal approbation of the Government and people whom he served. (Cheers.) I now come to the resolution more immediately entrusted to me. It expresses the warmest thanks of the subscribers of this institution to Mr. Thomson, its president, for the interest he has always taken in its prosperity, and the services he has conferred by his connection with it It further expresses. a request that he will allow his name still to remain on the list of its officers, and thus permit us to hope that at no distant date he will return to our shores. (Hear, 'hear,) In bidding farewell to persons returning to England, the expression is sometimes an expression of courtesy, and is consistent with the sentiment that though you wish the departing person may fare well, you wish he may do so long enough and far enough away. (Laughter.) But on this occasion, the bidding of adieu at parting is accompanied with an earnest hope and desire that we may again, ere long, welcome him to the land in which he " has acted well his part, and the expression is not the language of ceremony but the language of the heart. (Cheers.) This resolution, and what I may truly call-the national testimonial, now about to be presented to Mr. Thomson, show that the people are never ungrateful, but cheerfully give to merit its due reward. The statue of his memorable relative, Sir Richard Bourke, attests the esteem and love he won, for thestatesmanlikeobilites he displayed, and the energy with which he stamped a wise and liberal policy on all the measures of his administration.-Another distinguished colonist is also now gaining merited reward for the perseverance and success with which he devoted his eminent talents to the attainment of free institutions for his country; and it is but right and consistent with such conduct on the part of the people, that a large measure , of gratitude should be awarded to Mr. Thomson, who through twenty years of arduous service, has approved himself an eminently useful citizen, and whose successful toils justly entitled him to enjoy the honours he is reaping as the recompense for his labours (loud cheers). He concluded by moving the following resolution : - That this meeting deeply regrets the loss which this Institution will sustain by the departure of its President, the hon E. Deas Thomson, Esq., from the colony. It would convey to him the expression of its warmest thanks for the interest he has taken in its prosperity, and the services he has over been willing to undertake a order to promote its efficiency. In the hope that his absence will be only temporary, It respectfully requests that he will allow his name still to remain in the list of its officers, and thus permit us to cherish the expectation of being allowed at no distant period to welcome him back to our shores. Dr. Douglass : Whilst he regretted he could not address the meeting in the usual formula of " Ladies and gentlemen," as unfortunately there were none of the former sex present, was proud to stand up to second the resolution which had just been proposed to them. He would, however, state that he did so as the locum tenor of the Attorney-General, who would have far more delicately, far more eloquently, far more gracefully, have followed upon the speech they had just heard from Mr. Justice Therry. He felt that it was impossible for him to follow upon that Speech. The eloquent tribute which it conveyed to Mr. Thomson left no place for anything which he could wish to advance. The benefits which the Institution had derived from the patronage and support of Mr. Thomson was very great. He had beenundeviatingly its warm supporter, and he was therefore deserving of the sincere and warm thanks of its members. No doubt the business for which they were called together that night was to consider the affairs of the Institution, but incidentally under the present resolution the career of the honorable Colonial Secretary had come under review, and he felt it not inappropriate to do an act of justice, and to say that not only in all that concerned that Institution, but in another assembly where for some years past it had been his high honour to meet the Colonial Secre- tary an assembly in which he (Mr. Douglas) had sometimes gone with the hon. gentleman, and some time against him he believed the hon. gentleman had on every occasion acted with the single object of the promotion of the public good. There was no doubt that on public questions public men must differ, but until the contrary Were proved it ought to be believed that even in the conflict of opposing sentiments all were working together, according to their consciences, for the public good. Since he had enjoyed the honour of a seat in the Legislature, he had seen only the highest honour, the purest intention, and the most earnest desire to advance the public welfare in the conduct of Mr. Thomson. With regard to the character of the Institution they were met to support, it would not be very appropriate in him, an officer of the Institution, himself to make any laudatory remarks upon it. They all knew what its character was, that it opened its doors to disease and suffering under poverty in all their various shapes. But he felt it his duty on this and every other occasion when he should appear before a public assembly, to warn them that if they would keep this Institution for the relief of unforeseen and inevitable physical distress, then must they unite in making one common cause against the vice which was filling the walls of their hospital and infirmary with inmates. They must unite and shoulder to shoulder put down the drunkenness which was the great and growing crime of the colony. He had no hesitation in saying that at least seven out of every ten cases admitted into the Infirmary had their origin in drunkeness. In the terms of the resolution he fully concurred. The thanks of the members of the Institu- tion were justly due to Mr. Thomson, and they ought to be proud that they had a man amongst them who even amidst the toils of office could find time to be foremost in every useful and beneficent work. The Chief Justice, in terms highly complimentary to Mr. Thompson, suggested that the resolution ought not to be put in the usual formal manner, and would therefore ask the meeting to pass it by acclamation. The gentlemen present immediately rose and with One voice and hearty cheering renewed again and again. affirmed the resolution. The Colonial Secretary then rose and was greeted with another prolonged burst of cheers. The applause having subsided, he said he should indeed be wanticj; in feeling if he did not acknowledge the manner in which the resolution had been received, and he should indeed be wanting in gratitude if he did not accept the honour which had thus been so gracefully conferred upon him. When the proposition was first made to him to continue in office as the president of the institution, he had felt some objection to acceding to it but after the manner in which the high honour had been pressed upon his acceptance, he felt unable to refute it, and be hardly need to tell them that he was overwhelmed with the kindness s which his eloquent friend Mr. Justice Therry had displayed in moving the resolution. For the warm encomium he had passed upon him, he was, he feared, more indebted to the friendship and partiality of the hon. gentleman than to any humble merits of his own. He never pretended to any greater desert than the zealous, and he hoped fearless and conscientious, discharge of the duties entrusted to him, and he never pretended to suppose that any services he had rendered the colony would have met with such a recognition as was now made to him, and which was also evinced outside those walls, He had, however, passed the best years of his life in this colony. For twenty-five years he had been engaged here in official life, and of these seventeen years had been passed by him in the office he now held. In that period he had felt that he had responsible, and even painful duties to fulfil and since representative legislation had been conceded to the colony, those duties, had become more responsible than before, but he could also say that those high responsibilities had been relieved by the unfailing kindness and respect with which he had been always met by all classes. After the fatigues which so long had attended his official life, at his advanced age, with a voyage of 16,000 miles to make to his native home, it would be presumptuous for him to speak of returning again amongst them. But he might say it was his warm hope that he might and if he should be of pared to do so, and his reception should resemble his dear- . . ture, he should indeed consider himself a fortunate man. He had only again to thank them and the public at large for the kindness they displayed towards him and he f felt quite inadequate to express his sense \- -of that kindness, and his appreciation of it. The Rev. C. 1). IT. Priddle moved, and Mr. Thomwas Hooo seconded, the fourth resolution-" That the thanks of this meeting be given to the office-bearers and Directors for their services during the" past year that W Dumaresq, Esq., be t re-elected "-Vice President, and Thomas Woolley, Esq. Treasurer that the Rev. Robert Robb, M.D., be elected Secretary in the room of the late Rev. Dr. McGarvie; and that the following gentlemen be elected as Directors in place of those who tire namely, the Rev. Dr. M. O'Connell, Francis Mitchell, Michael Metcalfe, John Fairfax, James Dawson, R. A. A. Morehead, and John Dally, Esquires. Carried. Mr. Lutwyche, in moving the next resolution "That the thanks of this meeting be given to the Medical Officers of the Infirmary and Dispensary for their valuable services during the past year and that Caleb Egan, Esq., be elected as District Surgeon, in the room of John Aitken, Esq., resigned took the opportunity, as a new arrival in the colony, of expressing the high satisfaction he felt at finding not only that such an institution was in existence, but that it met with such general and liberal support and he trusted that that portion of the Directors' Report contemplating the extention of the sphere of their operation would not be lost sight of, but be fully carried out in the course of the coming y ear. Mr. Woolley seconded the resolution, and said, in reference to the observations of the Rev. Dean McEncroe, that he entertained no apprehensions that the vote in aid granted by the Legislative Council would be discontinued or even curtailed. A sense of justice would prevent a motion to that effect from re cetoiag the support of the country members of the Council for while it was almost exclusively the subscriptions of the citizens of Sydney that made up the sum which entitled the Directors to draw for a like amount upon the Colonial Treasury for "aid to a corresponding extent, by far the majority of the inmates were from the country districts. He had no fear therefore that the country members, who had so much the preponderance in the legislature, would ever hesitate for one moment to second the liberality of the citizens of Sydney, by their votes in support of a grant of public money to a like amount for a Sydney Dispensary and Infirmary. Motion put and passed. Dr. Aaron begged, before the President left the chair, again to call the attention of the Directors to a deficiency in the Institution to which he had on previous occasions taken opportunity to allude, but to which the Report made no reference, namely, the deficiency of a word or words for the reception of children of an age below that, at which patients are now admissible. It was a deficiency which every medical officer of the institution had almost daily occasion to deplore, a great number of case.? constantly arising in which their exertions were entirely frustrated by either the ignorance or the negligence of parents. He was last year told that the funds of the Institution would not allow of such an addition-in objection which he thought no longer held good. He saw that this was a subject which had attracted the attention of similar institutions at home, and he saw no reason why the public institutions of this colony should not progress at least part paste with those of the mother country. A separate ward or wards for the reception of juvenile patients was, in his opinion, and he expressed also the opinion of other medical officers of the Institution, as well as his own to the full as much required as the proposed addition of a lying-in ward. The motion was then put and unanimously adopted. The Chair was then taken by Sir Alfred Stephen, Chief Justice, when The Rev. Dr. Ross moved, " that the thanks of this meeting be given to the Hon. E Deas Thomson, Esq.. for his valuable services in the chair this evening. Seconded by Mr. William Macpherson, and carried by acclamation. Mr. Thomson briefly acknowledged the compliment, and the meeting terminated. -? 