MR. J. B. GOUGH. To criticise Mr. Gottgh would he as out of place as to criticise the speech of ono risen from the dead. Mr. Gough is in truth such an one. More really than Uante, ne is ' the man who has been in hell.' His mission to his brethren is to tell litem how he got there, what he saw and suffered, how he escaped ; and so to warn them, ' lest they also come into this place of torment.' This he does with an almost supernatural power — u mixt'uro of iutellectu.il and moral qualities that tempts one to think his destiny was fixed before he was born. He has that ora torical instinct— that intuitive knowledge of what will 'tell' — without which a man may be a fine rhetorician, and even truly eloquent, but not a great orator, a popu lar persuader. He has, too, evidently, n good share of humour — that quick per- ceptipn of the ludicrous, which may stand a speaker instead of wit—enable him to wake tho echoes of laughter, if lio cannot create a genuine guffaw. Above all, he has that strong, subtle sympathy, which identifies the speaker with his subject, and the audi mce witli both. Add to these native giffs such an experience as. Mr. Gough has had, and you no longer wonder that he can crowd Exeter hall at sixpence a-piace on-foggy nights, -,- and carry that , vast, mass of mind through every stage of emotion, audnearly to the required point of resolve. lie is the Paganitii of orators, lie plays only on one string, but that one. capable of infinite responses. The life of a dyunkarijl O, heavens and eaijth — O, angels, ine'it, dud devils'— what a (heme; I running frotn the cherub infant, through wasted youth, blasted manhood, (lays of alternate revelry and cursing, a home of unrelieved misery, a death of shame and anguish 1 It is this Mr. Gough reeites night after night. He paces up and down 'same twelve or twenty feet of platform, judiciously left clear for him— paces up and down like an inspired madman, with hands clenched as in agony, or pawing the air to keep off the ghosts of memory — pouringout words with such spontaneity that They sometimes seem to tumble ono over another, and smother meaning in their fsll — scarcely stopping at a cheer — never inviting one. lie tells you with gestures even more significant than his passionate and sometimes beautiful words — how he went out from the home of a poor hut pious, loving mother — wandered from the straight road — was whipped by demons over an arid desert — fed upon the hot sand in his burning thirst — felt a word of mercy like cooling water on his tungue — saw a rainbow of hope over the abyss of seven years of sin — and was restored to strength and purity, if not to happiness. Wlten he has told this, lie can turn to other men1 — can paint'sdeiety with a vivid pencil, ami conduct an argument with a vigour the more effective because tole rant. Sometimes lie will introduce au illustration — like that of the bout ou the rapids — which will hold an audience in a suspense almost of agony, and force them to seek relief in inappropriate tumult, in all, there will tie something to shock the decorous, dilettanti dealer with men and manners. But refinement must drop its dainty attire, and criticism its co-it ol proof, hufote a man like this. If one have but a heart in his bosom, Mr. Gough will find it in ten minutes, and make it be it high nnd fast, let judgment and taste frown as they will. Mis humour is cott tagious as the laughter of childhood — hi> pithos resistless as the tears of woman. Mis modesty is as real as his earnestness ; his m uiner as free from pretension, as hi., spiril frotn eilh-r a morbid self conscious ness or a pharasiical pride. Wo ndvise, therefore, every one to hear him ; as sured, that if disappoint! d i f a highly in tellectual entertainment, they will behold a remarkable mm, and receive a moral benefit. - -Nonconformist. Some lime ago, a servant in a family in Greenock was despatched to a confec tioucrs to procure some of the uiual comestibles for au evening party'; and was presented by ihe mistress of the shop with three of the bon bott crackers, re specting which she showed some curiosity. Observing, after reaching home, the chil dren pulling 'them and making thetn ex plode, shesuddeutly exclaimed to the lady of the house, "O mem, is that what the're fur ? I ate mi tie." On hearing IhU'confessiot), one of the little fellows gravely told her she would certainly ex plode, and ever since her terror has been so great hat she will not carry a light o any " description except at. arm's length, slid with averted head, to prevent the chance of contact by way of her mouth 1 