EAST TORRENS ELECTION. MEETING OP MR. FENN?S SUPPORTERS. A meeting of the frienis of Mr. Fenn took place on Thursday evening, at the Duke of Wellington Inn, Pa'yneham.- _ The fheeting was called for 7 o'clock, bat the business did not commence till half-past ?, when Mr.' Fehn entered the room. About 60 persons; were present. The -'Chair was taken by Mr. P-ride Maurice, who opened the proceedings by , briefly explaining; the Object of the meeting. Mr. Fenn had come to explain his principles, and he hoped anyone wishing to pnt question* to him would do so. He solicited a patient hearing for all persons. He then introduced Mr. Fenn, who stated that he had not ro'nntarily come forward, hnt had been solicited. A requisition had been presented to him requesting him to: stand in order to avoid a contest. He' would-willingly withdraw new, but for the solicitations of his frienis. His opinions had been .often expressed, and been published. He was no advocate for a dominant Church. He had only approved of the Clmrch G-rtnt as a matter of expediency. He was a voluntary at heart, and would oppose the agitation of the question again, unless the country at large demanded it. (Cheers.) The question at present was defunct, and his opponents were only raising a ghost. As to nomineeism, that question was also defunct for the present. It wa3 useless to go into the merits of the question, hut if the subject came before Council, he would resign. Mr. Brunskill—Is that an unconditional promise ? _ Mr. Fenn thought it would- be unfair to put the district to the expense of an election unless requested to do so. He would be happy to give way to a better man. Dr. Wark was the man who had handed him the requisition. A voice—" He was Chairman, and was obliged to." Mr. Fenn—He should not have accepted that posi tion nnless he could have fulfilled its duties. He did not know under what subterfuge Dr. Wark sheltered himself, but he had been grossly inconsistent, though he had put forth placards alluding to political incon sistency. As to the ballot, he had thou yht it unim portant, but he saw how the influence of the District Council was put forth to affect the election, and he saw now now the need of protection for the voter. He did not -think the relation between master and servant likely to lead here to tyranny, but he saw sinister influences in the working of the District Council. (Cries "f " Yes," and " No.") It was dif ficult to get rid of personal interest, and a man was liable to he influenced in his vote by that considera tion. He was willing to answer any question. (A voice—" He is milk and water," " Stand up," " He is chicken broth, neither good nor harm," " Who are you ?" " Ts that you?" &c.; &c.;) The Chairman entreated any one who had a defi nite question to put to Mr. Fenn to do so. No one coining forward, Mr. Brunskii! said that no one had anything to say against Mr. Fenn, either personally or politically. (" Yes," " No.") He had the authority of Dr. Wark for saying that Mr. Fenn could not make an enemy. Mr. Fenn had promised not to remew the question of the Church grant. Dr. Wark could do no more, and if nomitieeisin came up agaiu for discussion, they would have a fresh election. Mr Fenn had been asked to come forward in order lo avoid a contest. Many of them had no confidence in Dr. Wark. (" Yes." " No.") When Mr. Prescott was a candidate, and the battle of liberty was being fought, Dr. Wark did not come forward till the battle was virtually over. Dr. Wark approved of the nominee compromise; and attempted to get up a hole and comer meeting to entrap the electors into an approval of Mr. Waterhouse's assent to the compiomise ("Yes;" "No;" confusion.) He could prove it. Dr. Wark. had called on a few private friends to get up an address to Mr. Waterhouse, and it was only by accident that he (Mr. Brunskill) heard of the meeting. When he went to the meeting, the first person he saw was Dr. Wark, who said, " Ah, are you here?" "Yes," said he, "I suppose you did not expect me." "No;" said the doctor, "you are too radical for us" ("You are shaving it now;" laughter.) He believed the Doctor was only a Tory in disguise. He proposed that Mr. Fenn was a fit and proper person to represent the district. Mr. Cate seconded the proposition, believing that Mr. Fenn was a gentleman in whom the electors could all have confidence. E'ther of the candidates were worthy men, but he preferred the political prin ciples of Mr. Fenn. No great principle was at stake at present, and therefore a contest was unnecessary, and he could not encourage it. He thought Dr. Wark's profession, as a medical rmn, would interfere with his duties in Conncil. If he were wa ted to attend a patient and he in the Legislature at the same time, one of his duties must be neglected. Mr. Nurse thought Mr. Brunskill should have made his charges against Dr. Wark when he was j present. (Hear.) He had nothing to say against , Mr. Fenn, but they were mei to consider questions of principle. At the last election Dr. Wark helped them, and Mr. Fenn opposed them. (Hear.) Me. Fenn askei what he oppised? He had in n > sense opposed the district or its interests. Mr. Nurse said he ha 1 opposed Mr. Waterhouse's return. (Confusion.) Mr. Nurse would not have spoken, if Mr. Brunskill had not backbitten Dr. Wark. He woull not hear a man run down in his absence. Electors who were with them in the last contest, were now against them. But he would stick to his principles, and he liked to see other men slick to theirs. Mr. Fenn was holding different priu- j ciples now to what he had done at the last election. ' (Confusion.) He did not like that lialf-a id- half s rt of thing. He was a thorough Liberal himself, and wanted his representative to be one too. Mr. Hailes said that at the last election he had supported Mr. Waterhouse, and wa-, perhaps, alluded t » as one of those who had changed their principles. ] He had been guilty of no political inconsistency. He supported Mr. Fenn for the same reason that he had supported Mr. Waterhouse, viz., that he was the best t-» represent the district. Dr. Wark did not help them to get Mr. Waterhouse elected, though he seconded his nomination ; and he did what he could to spoil the dinner to that gentleman. In the Reg'ster it was reported that Dr. Wark had said that he did not know of the coalition to support Mr. Fenn. He (Mr. Hailes) said that Dr. Wark did know of the requisition to Mr. Fenn, and' that was all the coalition he (Mr. Hailes) knew of. He had agreed to support Mr. Fenn in order to prevent a contest, which was quite unnecessary. Mr. Fenn said he had not changed his principles. At the last election he had supported the Church grant, because it was tnen in existence. Rut the voice of the people bad pronounced against it, and he was not in favour of reviving it. The Chairman then put the resolution, and called for a show of hands, and declared the resolution carried, but by a small majority. (Confusion.) A show of hands was taken a second time and counted, and a majority of seven was declared in favour of Mr. Fenn. The announcement was received with mingled cheers and hisses. Three cheers were then given for Mr. Feuu, and the meeting separated. 