^ Local '-and-;Provincial, News MISS CATHERINE HAYES.–The ap- pearance in .opera of this distinguished song stress has signally justified the encomiums lavished by the press upon her surpassing genius. Without emulating our contemporary the Herald, and devoting upwards of a column in attempting to describe that which is indescribable, we shall content ourselves with congratulating those of our readers,-who haye availed themselves of the treats of the week, and invite their attention to the irresistably, attractive programme for this evening. Monsieur Coulon, as we ventured to assert, is great in Opera. His voice is an excel- lent Barrytone, extending in compass from G on the first linc of the bass staff to F above the staff, and which he commands with pathos, 'energy, and expression. The theatre has boen brilliantly attended on each occasion of Miss Hayes' appearance, and hundreds have been disappointed in their efforts to obtain seats. So profuse was tho shower of bouquets on the en- trance of the " pretty star of the night," that we could have almost imagined tho Botanical Gar- dens had been translated to thestage, or that the entire audience was composed of religionists of the" Baptist" persuasion. ST. MARY'S CHORAL SOCIETY.-The third concert of this society was given in St Mary's Hall on Monday evening, and gave unqualified satisfaction to a numerous and fashionable assemblage. The programme was a brilliant one, and amongst its principal items were Rossini's celebrated prayer, "'Dal tuo stellato soglio," and the elegant quartetto, "Mi manca la voce," from Mose in Egitto," which were sung with exquisite taste and feeling, and gave general delight. The leading tenor parts of Osiride were executed by a French gentleman, who possesses a splendid tenor voice, with the Barrytone quality, and whose singing called forth just demonstrations of approval. The part of Elcia was well executed by Mrs Bridstone, whose voice is a soprano of considerable compass and flexibility. She was rapturously encored in Nathan's finale of his Opera in "Merry freaks in troublous times," 'Though storms and perils" -Faer's Duet Vcderlo solbrnmo-was executed in first-rate style, and deservedy eucorcd. . Martini's laugh- ing trio "Va dasi via di qua," was in this in- stance (as it has always. becti under Nathan's conducting) loudly called far a second time, and cheerfully repeated. ? " THE FREEMAN'S JOURNAL."- As predicted in our last, Her Majesty's Attorney General has made our erring contemporary sing remarkably small indeed ; in fact reduced him to the key of A FLAY. At a tea party convened of the half a dozen Tabbies comprising thc con- stituency of bur contemporary, it was proposed and resolved, that their pet proprietor should swallow ' inn only tho, particular article, com- plained bf, but tho entire, file of his journal for tho current year, nnd if . necessary db penance in tack cloth and ashes, or stand in a sheet with a lighted rushlight in ench hand, mid the manu- script copy of tho,: offensive article in the other, and avow Iiis grievous misdemeanours. Tho pub- lication bf a full confession, accompanied by an ab- ject expression of remorse, appeared in Wednes- day's! Herald, which, will, we charitably hope, satisfy the requirements of the gentleman in the wig, and restore par conti ¡tc contemporary to his paste pot and scissors. DISASTROUS, RESULTS OF MISS CATHE- RINE HATES' VISIT.-Could we have anticipated tho. di-.tressing consequences, involving the de- struction of domestic confidence iir tho homes bf many, arising from Miss Hayes' visit to Sydney, thepraise we, in common with our contempo- raries, have lavished upon ber surpassing talents, would have been tinctured by regret. 'Com- munications from no. fewer .than seventy-three distracted: fathers of previously united families, lie_upon our desk, tho contents of which disclose a lamentable catalogue of surreptitious move- ments on tho part of their progony to contributo; at even the hazard of a ruinous expenditure in kid gloves, jewellery, and bouquets, to the bril- liant reception which has been accorded to the charming songstress. ' Most of these affecting epistles enclose' unliquidated mercers' and jewellers' accounts, itho respective amounts of which are appalling. In vain have the horror stricken fathers thrown themselves upon tho mercy.'and-consideration of their "wives'arid daughters.. Marcy.* in such a case is completely out of the question. Tho self-will of thc sex is a battering ram which knocks to atoms each husband-urged remonstrance:' Consideration! What .considérâtion can tho sex bo expected to entertain' except; those of- what dress they shall appear, in, and at what-hour tho carriage shall bo ordered? The struggle'is severe but'decisive; the lords .of- creation surrender at discretion to crino leño and flowers. ; Nor is this' obstinate persist ancy- in tho^glut of enjoyment -restricted to the fair daughters bf Adam; The melancholy effects of Catliurine Hayesism is observed amongst the stenier and moro calculating sex. ' "It is a notorious fact that a braco of Volunteers fainted on. parado the mornings after-revelling'in tho sweet strains of tho syren ; and from tho dreami- ness and absonce of mind which pervaded tho entire corps, tliey wero dismissed ".' for the day with a severo roprimand. In addition to these deplorable facts it is notorious that five, if not six,-ordained clergymen of tho Established Church; .and G. A. Lloyd, -Esq., have been nightly attendants at tho victoria. Tho nume- rous personal rencontres which have taken place in tho parqwtte of tho Theatre between rival claimants of tho same seats were likewise pro- ductively much bitterness of feeling, and con- siderable alarm amongst the lady c -mpnnions of tho belligerents. Amongst tho must conspicuous of tho gladiators wo noticed' Dr Mitchell, who encountered an individual whose elongation of proboscis might well entitle him to'tho lolt'iquet of. " the first snipe of tho season"; and between whom a sharp fire of recrimination was kept np at intervals during tho performance of the first part of tho programme on Tuesday. Wo seriously consider that such a state of things culls for Legislativo interference) and would suggest that Mi- Cowper be requested to intro- duce a bill for tho purpose of controlling the inordinate craving of tho citizens after such exalted entertainments. Music HATH CHARMS,, ftc.-A ludi- crous circumstance occurred on Monday evening, nt tito concert of the Choral Society, held in St Mary's Hall. Mr Nathan, the conductor, being disappointed in tho attendance of bis tenor siugcr upon thc platform, requested that if (he gentlemen were present amongst the assembly, he would oblige with his services when instantly n favorite dog of Mr Nathan's who till that mo- ment had been quietly reposing under the pinno, vushed forward, hearing his master's voico, and whined forth n response. Tho accident occa- sioned no little merriment; and Mr Nathan having informed tho canina amateur that ho wa» not tiio tenor required, .the faithful animal obe- diently retired to his reserved, scat .under.thc/ instrument. ? . ?M THI TRICK . AND OXE HONOK.-S0IM eensation was created in the Darlinghurst Court on Monday, vn :His HoW tlie .Chief' Jmtica being apporeniiirengaged in performing feat, 0f legerdemain With a; pack of . cai da UIKW tho judguient- ieat,. A "new chum, ev:j¿ntly mme qua ntcd with tho etiquette of colonial courts of justice,, innocently inquired of his neighbor whether His Honor was determining tho guilt or imioccuco of tho prisoners on trial, by omina high or lovr. Tho person whom he addressed happened to bo no les3 a celebrity than Inspector Singleton, who condescended to enlighten tho greenhorn by the Information that tho cards in question were, in gambler's parlance, termed the " Mngsman's Bible", being systematically clipped and prepared for cheating purposes. This QV. planaiiou was after a short interval confirmed hr .His Honor, who intimated that he bad discovered the trick, observing as ho turned up the dence ace,'and tray in succession,-"ahI 'wo lean! something as »ve grow older." UNPAID JUSTICES.-Tlie speeches on tho motion regarding tho nnpnid magistracy of Now South Wales will excite great curiosity amongst those unacquainted with, the inhabi- tants of this vast coutincu'. The Attornev General declared that. several Justices of tiio Peace had been. appointed, whom, i-ooner than have recommended, ho .would have allowed his right hnnd to be cut olF. An Attorney-General is not a journeyman blacksmith, on whose hands depends his living; ami.-would probably be as good a lawyer, if. pos.-essed of brains, "though bi th his legs and arms were amputated. SUII tho operation of having the right hand cut off would bu a serious " trial " for a lawyer, and would grievously distort the muscles of the most pasteboard countenance. Ono's curiosity ¡a therefore vehemently enflnmed as to the appear- ance of these unpaid magistrales, lt is a pity tho Attorney-Geiiennl did not favour the com- munity with a; rninute description of at lea-ta single individual of tlie species. As this country is known to nbound in nuimnls-of avery si»"iilar character, peculiar to New Holland, it is imagined that the GREAT UNPAID roust possess some ex- traordinary properties". It is evidently greg*, rious, ns lt frequents public houses. Ii is found sleeping in tho hush, and occasionally in ditches. Its walk is not always upright and straightfor- ward, but more like tho progress of a baloott, with a waving,; staggering movement ; and it has frequently been seen to take a very near- sighted observance of its mother earth, * Those who have devoted themselves to studying the natural hi tory of tho country suspect it is some cross ? between a kangaroo and a woniback. Much mulley lins been realized by exhibiting Indian jugglers, Bojesmun, Hottentot Venuses, aud Indian Chiefs, but it is unquestionable that the exhibition of ono of thc UNPAID would bu still more lucrative. Carried about in a caravan, with the usual canvas likeness, and short de- scription, it would far exceed in attraction the two headed cat, live legged sheep, fut boy, learn- ed pig, and other monstrosities of thu fairs, Would it bo possible for tho Attorney-General, or somo one of the officials, to entrap one or twu living specimens ; or if that would be too hazard- ous or impracticable, could not n couple of de- funct ones be procured and sent off, preserved in spirits, along with the other nnturnl curiosities of Now Holland, to tho Crystal Palnco and Paris Exhibitions ? PAST DAYS.-It lins been tritely ob- served that past dnys,:or days that are gone, nro always talked of nnd described as being much superior to thc present ; and it is generally the old and grey-headed who make this observation. ? Prejudices perpetuate from ago to age, and all sorts of chimeras, visions, witches, ghosts, and hobgoblins, are handed down from generation to generation. Among them may bo classed tho present Legislative Council, "lt is alleged to be greatly inferior to the one lately defunct, in talent, eloquence, and 'in many other essentials. This is, w> donlit a vulgar error ;' f r, if weighed, the brains of tho present members would bc found os heavy, and their tongues as long as thoso of their pvedecess rs. lt' is said they are not so learned. What this exactly means is not worth conjectur- ing. lt is probable that they do not exactly un doistan dhow many beans or snails some indivi- duals 2000 yearsngo put into their broth; or how they read their hymns or sung their street ballads in those days. But such lore tho. community does not require; andaré quite willing that it should bo monopolised by tho cryers of .' Pish !" Indeed, it is this very learning and eloquence of which they complain. Thora aro too many words; and n reward should he offered for tho discovery of s imo machine like lim wool press, that would squeeze tho sense (if there be any) nf a tulkativo member's speech into a small bulk. Or if that, from its windy natiirb, bo imprac- ticable, that some wooden mallet should fall at every burst of bombastic eloquence on tho Speaker's block. Business would then be ra- pidly concluded, nnd verses and spouting re- stricted to their legitimate professors -Theatrical Representatives. PLAIN TRUTH.-It is alleged that mirth or wit is often tho produco of inci.ngruous simi- litudes or allusions. And it is owing, it is be- lieved, to this disposition of tho htunnn mind that the lending article of Tuesday's lltruld has such a pleasing effect ou. tho muscles. On perusing it you are lcd to imagino it is a free translation of a Roman npotheo-isor at any rnte a quotation i from a lately discovered Greek manuscript. This sj arises from tho simplicity of the oponing para- S graph which looks as if it were borrowed from a g forgotten problem of Euclid. All must sub- H scribe to its truth; it is demonstration. It is in m fact as "plain as mud", lt asserts there can be H no good ruler " without, good tense." Here's a g discovery! Tho porson who wroto that is not g far from tho philosopher's stone. He should ba K mesmerised, and what 'ho 'says in the mesmeric | state should - he taken' down' by a short-hand i writer. Tho . leader then . proceeds with a de- scription of the great qualities of the present Emperor of the' French. In this description he is equally sensible ' and happy. A man that governs nearly 40 millions of men can bo no simpleton. Indeed it is avery old and known truth that rich and fortunate men have the same qunntity of'brains in their : hoads as they havo money, in their pockets./ In England they had '.' A ICing" bf this description. He was termed "King of-the Railways!" .It is however under- stood that latterly Iiis riches and judgment have diminished in nearly equal proportion. There is no fear in this respect; it is to be hoped, of Louis Napoleon. He is our close and firm ally, and as long as he acts in accordance with oar views, tho same magnanimity, sound judgment, clear perception, pootical imagination, und por fect sense of taste and smell will continue iu his possession. TUE REPRESENTATION OF ROXDURGH A-RD WELLINGTON.-Mr Samuel met tho Electors of Bóxburgh;nnd Wellington at Poel, cn Mon- day evening last. Tho nttendanco notwith- standing tho shortness of the notice wes nume- rous, most of tho electors resident in the neigh- bourhood being present. Mr G. Francis wa* called.to tho chair, and briefly stated tho objuct of the meeting. Mr Suttor then came forward and said that the electors wcro doubtlessly aware that being unnblo to attend to his duties as their representative, ho felt himself called upon to re- sign thc honor which they had conferred upon him. Ho had refrained hitherto from exercising any influence which ho might possess in favour of any candidate known to bo in tho field, hut would tell them that it was now his intention to give Mr Samuel his vote; and he felt much plea- sure in proposing him ns n fit and proper person to bo their representative in tho Lcgi.-hunu Council. Having passed a high eulogiiim upon that gentleman, and rcmnrking that ho possessed the capabilities for making a most useful member, he now proposed Mr Samuel as a candidate lor Roxburgh and Wellington. 'J his motion was seconded by Mr Snrgcnnt in a speech highly complimentary to tho candidate. Mr Samuel , then carno forward and addressed thc meeting nt considerable length; and tho general tenor ot his political views nppcarod to give tho electors every satisfaction. Tho resolutii n having occa put to tho meeting was enrried hy acclamation. After a roto of thanks to tho chairman, three cheers wore given in honor of Mr Suttor tito late member, and throo for Mr Samuel. i"a meeting then broke up.-Corretpondtnl. ? MR AND MRS WALLER.-WC haw ?much gratification in announcing tho speedy ad- vent of Mr nnd Mrs Wnller, who have nearly .completed their tour of tho Bister colonies, arm !aro "starring", it nt .present nt tho Victoria ¡Theatre. ?'Hobart .'Town. But ono opinion ol their supoj ior.nbilitics is -expressed by tho uro malic critic« of our coUmtal contemporary. t vWV 1^T*V P*ÍV*T*; ÓPISIO!Í . ~Ö1 »ritKj'.JHov»»:* -Agrocerrejoicing in tlie'M tmetiv« c«igno»iien of Love,- on being, called-1 .peak w »li« character of »n ex-publican, nnmei William Howard, tried on Monday for utterini . e forged £M note, favored the Court with th following exposition of his sentiments on- thi (abject of Temperance':-" If nil tho public bouses in the city wero done iiwoy with, it wonh be a good thing fur tho grocers, and a bette thin" for the lawyoM;" whereupon the Solicito: Generalshook his wig in dignified dubitutiun omi observed that ho "was nut quito sn sure o '^V VOLUNTEER PRISONER.--At tli< Criminal Court on Tuesday on tho crier of thi Cont vociferating tho name of Ge rge Coleman a hv.<tandcr at once came forward, mid was dnlj ujlicrcd with the usual eere'möuies into the dock jml straightway presented himself at tho biir . The individual evidently manifested some trifling degree of oin harassment", which in a few moment: extended itself to thu Court; on it being .ex- plained that the " prisoner ut the bar", was onlj guilty of being possessed of a like nama, with thc real offender. He wasdischa'rged amidst around gf broad grin». , '.":', .', . . DARVALL ON TUB INCONSISTENCIES OS Ecit-if NATtiitE.-'t Gentlemen'' pf tho Jnry, nu Hilt" *<».*!*!.; lint*** he were ti ¡auntie, would haVo acted in tho extraordinary way the prisoner is said to have done."- Our Bo¡l'* Report- -'. < SHOCKING MURDER.-T-A few days ago information reached -Goulburn that n shocking murder hail been .perpetrated' between Reid's milli lind thc Yacniidanda.; . Tho unfortunate Victim was a, Mr Cox, wlio kept a store at Beech ' worth. He had,, been ot- Albury, where by reason öf some gambling transactions with a gentleman, bc became possessed of ?£ 1200, und was proceed- ing towards Beechworth, when he was overtaken ' ty his murderer 'or murderers. ???? It is supposscd that some persons' who watched liim deceive tho large amount mentioned, dodgcil him on the roaJ tillan" opportunity ottered.for murdering anil plundering him. What makes tho circum- stance moro remarkable, is the fact that Mr Cox ivaJ found near the identical spot whore Mr Mnr cus'wus murdered in December, 1852, and for whose murder a man named. Hughes . has been condemned to death, in Melb mme, on thu 15th instant. Tho , body of Mr Cox was discovered by Dr Mackay; that gentleman, on- examining it, found a deep wound on thediack of tho head, ai i/.inflieted by some sharp instrument. The .whole of the forehead was knocked in, and the neck presented -marks of strangulation, as if a ropo had been tied tightly r und it. Dr Mackay wok the body in his gig to Beechworth, where an iu tuest was to lui ve; been held upon it on tho following day.- 'Wo understand the deceased iras a single mun, and. boro a respectable tharacter. Ho was a son of Mrs Cox, uf Laun- ceston, in Van piemen's Land, .a lady well known there for lier spirited management of tha mail coaches running between Launceston and Hobart Town. It . is to bo. hoped . that, on the inquest, particulars will bb elicited as will lead to the detection of the. perpetrators of - this foul murder, lt is a. melancholy thing to reflect on 'theides of such insecurity for lifts, and that too in a country teeming '. with gold; where every man of the least perseverance could carn -. at least a good living- men can bo found so far lost tn every feeling of humanity, so deeply tinged with tho wickedness of fiends as to commit an atrocious murder for tire sake of plunder-for a fe>v hundred pounds, and for what? .Why, to enable them to indulge in the most fearful"and maddening excesses for a limo,, with the sure and ?certain conviction eternally haunting them, that of a murderers futé-death on thc'scaffold, with, the yells and hootings of on infuriated mob ring- ing in their cars, must at an early, day be the closing scone of their earthly career. That such I an end awaits tho- murderers of Mr Cox there 1 »can bo little doubt, and wo trust tho vigilance of ! the police will elléct' such a consummation at au tarly period-Goulburn /Jerald, Sept; 30th: . j 