THE DEAD ALIVE.-A celebrated olmrnctor ono tiny mot ii man in tiro streets crying nliont lils death, when ho gavo tho fellow a tremendous box on tho oar, lidding " Tuko that, mid it' 1 nm doini yon will, nt lonst, boliovo in ghosts." TASTK rou Music.-Tho infamous Duko of Lnudurdalo used to say that ho lind rathor hoar a cat mow than tho best music in tho world ; ami tho bettor tho music tho moro sick it mndo him. THE IIOLIDAT QUESTION.-I nm a very hnrd working man, nnd I know what ovorwork is, and I know also tho good of moderato work. I was buy till sixteen i thou I bad flvo yenrs' moilorato work ; wbon I carno of ago I was all tho botter far not having boen overworked boforo I carno to my strength. For noarly thirty yoars I havo worked about ns hurd an any man in London, scarcely over taking n holiday : but I lind that lt will not do to go on so. I nm obliged to mako holiday now-to cut down my 311 dnys to loss tlmu ;iOO. And if .HI days' work would bo too much fur mo, who was not overworked when young, it must ba far too muoh for those who lind ns too many of our working men have lind, Bomo of their pith talion out of them while they woro growing. Hut mnny will say, " Wo cannot alford to j;Ivo up thirteen working days : wbnt shall wc do fur wages ?" That ls all nousenio ; If avery man, woman, ant' child, kent thirteen holidays n your, wo flboulil all ta ns woll olías now. You say, " A fair day's wigos for a fair day's work ¡" try another cry, and say. " A fair year's wngo, for a fair year's work." If wo ail kept tho tblrtoon liolldiyn wo BIIOUIII got tho snino wa ¿os In tho year as wa do now. Wo could do moro in SOU days, with thirteen holidays tn Siva us a spring ovary now and then, than wa omi o in tho .'113 days without tba spring. Nothing is so bail for a horso nB nil oolbir work : I hnvo tooled n four-howo stngcuonuh in n hilly country in my younger days, and I wall recollect how wo went upa hill, when wo had just had a bit nf down hill, with a hand gnllop along tho llttlo bottom butweou tho two. Tbnt is just what wo want on our journey through this world-a stonily trot through 300 days, with n springing hand gallop ou thirteen days overy hero and thora, and ii quiet rest nt tho end of evory ono of thu llfiy-two I sfcagos.-Corrcrpondcnt of the Builder. 