'-.A: PROPOSED GREEK EMPIRE. The English Missionaries of a. crusade to re establish a-- Greek -Empire, .with. Constantinople for its capital,,, are ;probably mere enthusiastic bookworms, ignorant iof the' world. The Greek, adventurers, however, who have associated them selves with those philo-llellenes are more likely to be agents.ot -Russia, seeing how many of their race that unscrupulous power keepa ever in its pay. It is not, indeed, possible that even Rus shms can be so ignorant of the public opinion of England as to imagine that any considerable por tion of the community can be gulled with visions (if resuscitating the Byzantine Empire. It is well known that John Bull is thoroughly and perma nently sick of Greek. bonds. But the Russian Government may flatter itself that by throwing hi an' additional element of. discord, public opinion in' -England may be so divided as to. paralyse a national resistance, to its unprovoked aggressions en the Danube. : It. is,- therefore, worth while to vraste a few words on the nonsense of a modern Greek Empire — not. to instruct Englishmen, but to show Russia and its agents that' Englishmen see through the delusion. Our modern Byzantines begin. with the propo siv.or. that the Turkish empire is effete, and there fore unable to serve as a bulwark against the ex tension of Russia towards the west; Assuming tuis to be proved, they next propose to substitute a Greek empire in lieu of it. But the Greek empire is not merely effete, it is dead — has been dead' and buried for five hundred years. These wise men would argue that because a man was (by their shewing) too old and feeble to act as constable, matters would be mended bv conjuring up the ghost of his grandfather to serve in his stead. Let us see of what materials this Greek umpire is to be composed. The kingdom of Greece has a trifle more than a million of subjects of all races. In Turkey there are in nil about two millions of Greeks, one. half of -whom are in Europe and the other half in Asia. Looking merely to number, it is obvious, that three millions of Greeks would be unable to irive the law per- 'i mansntly to twelve millions of Osraanlis. seven uiil2ions of Sclavonics, five millions of Arabs — j to ssv nothing of a miscellaneous iive millions of I Kurds. Armenians, Jews, and others. It is however, less the paucity of their numbers, than their moral character, 'that unfits the Greeks irora becoming the dominant race in the Eastern empire. They have been weighed in the balance and found wanting. Thirty 'years have elapsed since the Greek revolution, and what have they m?.de of it? Even the paltry kingdom of Greece was net their work. All honour to the brave marines and patriotic merchants of Hydra and Spezia : all honour to1 the gallant inhabitants of Suli and Pr.rga : all honour to- the few bands of Klepths, with a dash of Robin Hood or Rob Roy sentiment in them, scattered through mountain Greece ! But when we have enume rated these, we have enumerated all who in earr.eit struggled rsgains: Turkish rub. The r.i::ss of the Greeks, ii same for a moznent into enthusiasm and valor by the example and exhor tations of the-je few. speedily relapsed into their n.i-ural apathy and timidity.' Had not the Tur kish-fleet been destroyed at Nnvarir.o. and had not the Christian Powers interfered, the whole of Greece would have been ? reconquered by the Turks. And what progress has that factitious creature of westa-n diplomacy, the kir.-raom of Greece, with its German Sovereign, made in the development of its resources, elevation of its peo ple, or consolidation of its institutions r Tha proposal to reinstate the Greek Empire is ! indeed a dream. The modern Greek is a 'Greek ' in little more than language and religion. Bv ; lineage he is more than half Sclavonic. More pure Greek blood is to be found in the Osmanii ' villages of Asia Minor than in the Morea. In the ; narrative of successive travellers for the last two ' centuries, it is easy to trace the process of con- \ forming to the. religion of the dominant race bv \ vilhgeVter village of the Greeks of Asia Minor. ? They— the Greeks of -purest descent — are now ; r.'v to be distinguished from other QsmaniU, 1 either by language or religion, while the Greek- | sp?aking Christians of Morea, Attica, and Beotia ' are two-third Sclavons by descent. lbs con- 1 forming descendants of the Asiatic Greeks have I acquired the proud manly character of a domi- j nant race ; the Greek in language and faith re win the vices of an enslaved people, contracted even before the fall of the Byzantine empire, and ' aggravated by their subjection first to Italian and ! latterly to Turkish masters. The pretext that the diitusion of Christianity would be promoted by ! the substitution of a Greek for-a Turkish empire. does not call for refutation. The Greek church is scarcely less alien to the spirit of Christianity than- Mahomedanisrn. Both are based upon Christianity — both recognise the inspiration of the Jewish and Christian scriptures ; and what Mahomedanism has added is not more at variance with the truths contained in these ..writings than the. senseless legends of the Greek Church. In fact Mahomet was first prompted to take upon him the office of the founder of a new faith by the wretched perversion of the Greek and Syrian churches in his day. Though his personal vanity or ambition misled him into the assumption of the character of inspired prophet, .he 'had previously discarded many of the most foolish, and blasphe mous additions which' Greek : and -Syrian priests had, made to the pure and. simple doctrines of Christianity. And to this day if the Greek and Mussulman are observed in the most favourable circumstances for each— away from the: contami nation's of debauched .capitals. — the latter will be found more manly and rational in his theological opinions. than the former, and superior to him in practical morality.— Daily News. 