-*- THE FAST DAY. A DAY of self-denial and mortification is an event of such rare occurrence amongst our Protestant b re them, that yesterday's Fast seems to have caused a considerable stir in the religious world of Sydney, As for the benighted Catholics, they have so many days of 'Fast and Abstinence during the year,' in faot they lead so much of the soupe-maigre life, that it excites no ex traordinary attention on their part. For every week in the year has its day of mortification, besides no inconsiderable number of Lenten, Ember and Vigils' fast which are of precept. These several days of prayer and penance have been appointed by the Church for different purposes; some to implore pardon of the Almighty for the sins of the world, others to call down the blessings of Heaven on the labours of men and on the fruits of the Earth, whilst other fasts are enjoined to avert the calamities of war — the just punishment of the sins of Nations, and to beg of God to give or to restore Peace to mankind. And it so happened that last Monday, the ' Vigil' of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin, was one of these fast days of obligation in the Roman Catholic Church, that Archdeacon M'Encroe thought fit to appoint that Day to be kept by Roman Catholics as a Day of penitential observance, with the inten tion of imploring the Almighty to avert the teniblo punishment just now falling on a great part of Europe which is involved in all the horrors of war. Tuesday being also a Holiday of Obliga tion in the Catholic Church, the Archdeacon directed that day to be spent as a day of prayer with the same intention of beseech ing our Blessed Redeemer, the Prince of Peace, to grant peace — the greatest, of all earthly blessings, to a distracted world. Our contemporary the Herald gets into a fit of pious indignation with the Arch deacon, because he did not prescribe ' Fri day' as the Fast Day, in compliance with the Governor-General's Proclamation to that effect. This would be of course in addi tion to the Fast of the previous Monday, already of obligation on the Catholic c m munity in virtue, not of the Archdeacon's direction, but of the general precept of the Church This would certainly be rather too much of a good thing, and wo think a little more than the staunch Protestant ttonoach. of the Herald itself could endure —what ! two fast days in o«e week and a 'holiday' besides to please the penitential zeal of the Herald, ! Oh! but the Herald is quite lachrymose on account of some ' respectable Catholics' being deprived of the privilege of joining with their Protestant fellow subjects in fasting and praying ou last Friday. Fudge ! If there were any Catholics of that way.-of thinking, they had the several Catholic Churches opeu for them ou that day, as on every other day of the week, where they could attend piously at Muss at any hour from, six to nine o'clock in the morning. Besides, we venture to assert that prayers are more frequently and more fervently said for our Gracious Sovereign the Queen, in the Cathqliu Churches and Chapels of the Colony than in those of aDy of the Protes tant Denominations. Catholics _. are joya.1 , from a principle. of Religion and not from political or interested considerations. They prayed for the Kings aud Queens of Eng land when they were enduring the most unheard-of penal inflictions from these very Kings and Queens. We surmise the Archdeacon has fallen under the wrath of the Herald because he declined to acquiesce tacitly in the Protes tant doctrine that the Queen is 'Head of the Church.' This would be inferred by the Catholics of the colony if the Arch deacon were to give his sanction to the Queen's Representative calling on the Ca tholics, amongst the rest of the people, to join in an act of ' religious worship and public service,' such as praying and fasting undoubtedly is. If the Archdeacon had done so he would, we imagine, soon lose the confidence of his flock, who admit no spiri tual power or ecclesiastical jurisdiction to be vested in any temporal Prince or Sove reign whatsoever, either Catholic or Protes tant. For Catholics know that ' the kingdom of Christ is not of this world ;' they hold that Christ appointed neither kings nor gover nors to rule His Church, in which Bishops alone are placed by the Holy Ghost to guide and rule the fold of Christ. We may now observe that any one who reads attentively the Archdeacon's ' Circu lar' to the Catholic Clergy will see how earnest and anxious he was that the Al mighty may vouchsafe to hear the prayers of his flock, avert the scourge of war, and restore peace to Europe. One thing, how ever, our contemporary the Herald may rest satisfied with, which is, that Aroh deacon M'Encroe is not likely to take les sons in Theology at the Herald Office, We perceive that there was no special service in any of the Catholic Churches of Melbourne or Adelaide on the day appointed by the Governors for that purpose. For referring to the Roman Catholic Churches, the Melbourne Morning Hirald says — ' In the Churches of this body (the Roman Ca tholics), there was no service yesterday ; the tenets of their religious faith not allowing them to recognise the authority of any civil mandate in matters of Church service. However, since the declaration of war has been known, in the colony, the usual pray ers for war time have been constantly offered up in their places of worship 3 aud we have reason to believe that . the Bishop will fix an early day for the collec tions among their people.' And the Mel bourne Herald, who is, we suppose, as sound a Protestant as his namesake of Sydney, thinks that the value of Divine Worship is something higher than what may-be derived from Government Gazettes, and that the precedents lately given may tend to. degrade religious observances into mere .instruments of the Temporal Power. Now that the great Fast Day- -this Evan gelical Rhamadau — is over, we would beg to enquire how is our fasting friend at the Herald Office % We hope he is as we'll after the fast, as a certain gentleman after a simi lar fast once proclaimed by the lute Sir George Gipps, who on being asked by one of the officials the day after, ' how he was/' he replied, ' I am pretty well on the whole — I managed it tolerably well, I went to bed after church, until dinner time, I then dined on a cold round of beef, — for I would have nothing cooked on the Fast Day, — arid hot potatoes, I washed them down with a bottle, of port, so that on the whole I feel pretty well this morning, thank you !' So we trust our friend of the Herald feels tqually well this morning after yesterday's .fast. ? f ? 