COLUMN FOR YOUNG FOLKS. THE MERMAID. (Continued from our last.) —“Scenes and Legends of tHe North of Scotland.” ( Concluded.) He told his story ; how lie had first seen {lie mysterious creature sitting in the sen mid breath ing exquisite music, as she coml ed down her long yellow tresses ; how he had stolen warly among the wags, ■with' a heart palpitating betwixt dread and eagerness ; and how, after so fearful a straggle, *lie had lain passive against the cliff. Helen lis tened with feelings of wonder and. admiration, dashed with terror; and in retiming home, thongh the morning was tar advanced, and the Dropping-Cave a great way below, she leaned for support and protection on the arm of the sailor a freedom which no one could have remarked as orer great at May-day next year, for the sailor had ere then become her husband. For nearly a century after, the family was « rising one ; but it w now extinct. Helen, for the last seventy years, has been sleeping under a slab of blue marble within the broken walls of the Chapel of' St. Pegu las; her r ? ly daughter, the wife of Sir George il'Kcnxie of Cromarty, lies in one of the burying grounds of Inverness, with a shield ofl know not how many quarterns out of her grave ; and it is not yet twenty years since her grandson, the last of the family, died in London, bequeathing to one of his Cromarty relatives several small pieces of property, and a legacy of many thousand pounds. There is, on the northern side of the Frith of Cromarty, a shallow arm of, the sea several miles in length, which dries (luring stream tides through out almost its entire extent, and bears the name of the sand of Nigg. Like the sands of the Sol way, it has been a frequent scene of accidents. Skirting a populous (rack of country on both sides, it lies much in the way of travellers ; and the fords, which shift during land floods and high winds, are often attempted, at night, nijd occasion ally at improper times of the tid.e. A narrow river-like channel in the middle, fed by' the streams which discharge themselves into the estuary from the interior, and which never wholly dries, bears the name of “ The Pot,” ami was in famous during even the present century for its death- lights and its wraiths, and for the strange mysterious noises which used to come sounding from its depths to cither shore previous to “ a drowning.” Little more than half a century ago, a farmer of the district who had turned aside to see an acquaintance, an old man who lived on the northern shore of the sands of, Higg, found him leaning over the fence of Ins little garden apparent ly so lost in thought that he seemed unconscious of his presence. “ Wfiat ailsyou, Donald f” inquired the visitor. “ There will be a drowning to- day in the Pot, 'replied Donald. “A drowning in the Pot! whatmakes you say so?” “Doyouheor nothing?” “Ho’o— and yet I rather think I do; —there are faint sounds ns of a continual knocking—are there not ?—so very faint, that they seem rather within the ear than without; and yet they surely come from the Potknock, knock, knock—what wn it mean ?” “That knocking” said the old man, has been sounding in ray ears all this morning, 1 have never known a life lost on the sands but that knocking has gone before,” As he spoke, a horseman was seen riding furiously along the road which skirts the opposite shore of the estuary. On reaching the usual ford, though the rise of the tide bad rendered it impracticable fir more than an hour before, he spurred his horse across the beach and entered the water. “ Surely,” said the old man to his friend, “that madman is not taking the ford, and the sea nearly at full ?” “ Ay, .but he is though, ” said the other-; “if the distance docs not deceive me, it is •Macculloch the corn agent, in hot haste for the Tain’s market. See • how he spurs through the shallows ; and see, he has now reached the Pot, and the water deepens he goes deeper, and deeper, and deeper. Horciful heavens I lie is gone t” Horse and rider bad sunk into one of the hollows. The horse rose to the surface a moment after, and swam to the shore ; but the rider had disappeared for ever, A story of nearly the same part of the ooantry connects the mysterious knocking with the mermaid. In the immediate neighbourhood of the Old Abbey of Pearn,. famous for its abbot, Patrick Hamilton, our first Protestant martyr, there stood, rather more than ninety years ago, a little turi 1 cottage, inhabited by a widow, whose husband, a farmer of the parish, had died suddenly in the uedds about ton years before. The poor woman had been within doors with her only child, a little girl of seven years of age, at the time ; and when, without previous preparation, she had opened the door on a hurried summons, and seen the corpse of her husband on -the threshold, her mind was’ totally unhinged by the 'shock. For the ten following years she went wandering about like a ghost, scarce conscious apparently of anything ; no wie ever heard her speak, or saw her listen ; and *ave that she retained a few of- the mechanical neatnesses of her eariier years, standing out alone on a groundwork of vacuity, seemed akin to the instincts of the inferior animals,- —her life appeared to bo nearly as much a blank as that of the large elm-trcc which stretched its branches ■t>m. her.cottage.. Her husband’s farm, shortly. after his death, had been put. into-the hands, of a relation of the family, a narrow sordid man who made no generous use, it'was thought; of the power which the imbecility of the poor woman and the,youth of her daughter gave him over (heir affairs ; it was at ■ least certain that he became comparatively wealthy, and they very poor; and in the autumn of 17d2,. the- daughter, now a pretty girl of seventeen, had to leave her mother on the care of a neighbour, and to engage as a reaper with a farmer in the neighbouring parish of r J arbat. t She had gone with a heavy heart to work for the first time among strangers, but her youth and ‘ beauty added to a quiet timidity oi manner, that, showed how conscious she was'of having no one to protect her, had made her friends ; and now that harvest was over, she was returning home, proud of her slender earnings, and full of hope and happiness. It was early on a Sabbath morning, and her path winded along the southern bank of Loch-Slin, whore the parish of Tarbat borders on that of Fcarn. Loch-Slin, is a dark sluggish sheet of water, bordered on every side by thick tangled hedges of reeds and rushes ; nor has the surrounding scenery much to recommend it. It is comparatively tame —tamer perhaps for the last thirty years than at any former period ; for the plough has been busy among its green undulating slopes, and many of its more picturesque thickets of alders and willows have disappeared. It possesses, however, its few points of interest; and its appearance at this time in the quiet of the Sabbath morning, was one of extreme seclusion. The tall old castle of Loch filin, broken and weather-worn, and pregnant with associations of the remote-past, stood up over it like some necromancer beside his mirror ; and the maiden, as she tripped homewards along the little blind pathway,that went winding along the quiet shore—now in a hollow, anon on a height—could see the red image of the ruins heightened by the flush of the newly-risen sun, reflected on the calm surface that still lay dark mid grey under the shadow of the eastern bank. AH was still as death, when her ear suddenly caught a low indistinct sound as ef a continuous knocking, which heightened as she went, until it was at length echoed back from the old walls ; and which, bad she heard it on a week morning, sho would at once have set down as that of the knocking of clothes at a wash ing. But who, she thought, can be “ knocking claes” on tho Sabbath ? She turned a projecting angle of the bank, and saw, not ten yards away, what seemed to be a tall female standing hi the water, immediately beyond the line of flags and rushes which fringed the shore, and engaged ap parently in knocking clothes on a stone, with the sort of bludgeon still used in the north country for the purpose. The maiden hurried past, convinced the creature before her could be none other than the mermaid of Loch-Slin ; hut in the midst of her terror she was possessed enough to remark, that the beautiful goblin seemed to ply its work with a malignant pleasure, aud that on a grass plot directly opposite where it stood, there were spread out as if to ■ dry, more than thirty smocks and shirts all horribly dabbled with blood. As the poor girl entered her mother’s cottage, the excite ment that had borne her up in her flight suddenly failed, and she sunk insensible on the floor. For a moment the mother seemed roused by the cir cumstance, but as her daughter recovered, she again relapsed into her accustomed apathy. The spirits ol the maiden were much flurried, and there was one to whom she would 'have fain communicated her strange story, and sought relief in his society from the tenor that made her heart still palpitate against her side. But her young cousin (the son of her unkind relation, the farmer) with whom she had so often herded on the same kuoll, and wrought on the same harvest-furrow, had set out for a neighbouring farm, on his way to churcb, and so there was no prliability of seeing him before evening, ’ She sickened at tbe gloom of her mother’s cottage, where the scowling fea tures of the mermaid seemed imprinted on every darker recess ; and, taking her mother by the hand, she walked out with her to Hie fields. It was now' about au hour after noon, and the sun in his strength was looking down in the calm on the bare stubbly campaign, and the old abbey in the midst, with its steep roof of licbened stone, and its rows of massy buttresses. The maiden could hear the higher notes of the congregational psalm as they came floating along the slope from the building, when—fearful catastrophe I ■ —sudden as the ex plosion of a powder magazine, or the shock of an earthquake, there was a tremendous crash heard, accompanied by a terrific cry ; a dense cloud of dust enveloped the ancient abbey, and when it cleared away, it was seen that the ponderous stone roof of tho building had mink in, “ 0 wretched day !” exclaimed the widow, mysteriously restored by (be violence of one shock to that full command of her faculties winch she had lost by another, and starting at once from the deathlike apathy of years, “ 0 wretched day ! the church has fallen, and the whole congregation are buried in the ruins. Fear ful calamity !—a parish destroyed at a blow, Dear, dear child,-lot us haste artd see whether something cannot be done—whether some may not yet he left, ’’ The maiden followed her mother to the wienc oftho accident in distraction-and terror. As they approached the churchyard gate they met two young women covered with Wood, win were running shrieking along the rend, an ! shortly after an elderly man, bo much injured, 11mlhe was creeping for support along the wall. ■-** Go on,” he said to the widow, who had stopjied to assist him ; “ I hare gotten my life as a ransom, but (hero are hundreds perishing yonder.” Theyentced the churchyard ; two-thirds of the roof had (alien, 'and 1 nearly half the people were buried in the ruins ; and they cculd see through the shattered windows men all covered with blood and dust, yelling like maniacs, and tearing, up the stones and slates that ■ were heaped over their wives and children. As the sufferers were carried out one by one, and laid on the flat tombstones of the churchyard, the widow, bo strangely restored to the energies of her belter years, busied herself in stanching their I wounds, or restoring them to animation ; and her daughter, gathering heart, strove to assist her. A young man came staggering from among the ruins, his face suffused with blood, and bearing a dead body on his shoulders, when, laying down his charge beside them, he sank over it in a swoon. It was the young cousin of the maiden, and the mutilated corpse which he carried was that of his father. She sobbed over hi min an agony of grief and terror ; but the exertions of the widow, who wonderfully retained her self-possession, soon re- j covered him to consciousness, though in so weak a state from exhaustion nnd loss of blood, that some time elapsed ere he was able to quit the burying ground, leaning on the arm of his cousin. Thirty six persons were killed on the spot, and many more were so dreadfully injured that they never recovered. The tombstones were spread over with dead bodies, some of them so fearfully gashed and mangled that they could scarce be recognised, and the paths that wended throughout the churchyard literally ran with blood. It was not until the maiden had reached her mother’s cottage, and the heart-rending clamour had begun to fall more faintly on the ear, that she thought'of the myste rious washing of Loch-Slin, with its bloody shirts, and felt that she could understand it. There were lights that evening in many a cot tage, and mourners beside many a bed. The widow and her daughter watched beside the bed of their young relative, and, though the struggle for life was protracted apd doubtful, the strength of his constitution at length prevailed, and ho rose, pale and thin, and taller than before, with a scar across his left temple. But ere the first spring had passed, with its balmy mornings and clear sunshine days, ho had recovered his former bloom, nnd more than his former strength. The widow retained the powers so wonderfully restored to her; for the dislocation of faculty effected by one shock had been completely reset by another, and the whole intellect refitted. She bad, however, her season of grief to pass through, as if her husband had died only a few days before; and when the relations of the lately perished came to weep over the newly-formed graves that rose so thickly in the burying- place, and around which the grass and ■hemlock stalks still boro the stain of blood, the widow might be seen seated by a grave covered with moss and daises, and sunk so low that it was with difficulty its place could he traced on the sward. Of the ten previous years she retained only a few doubtful recollections, resembling those of a single 'night spent in broken and feverish dreams. At length, however, her grief subsided; and though there were louder and gayer guests at the bridal of her daughter and her young cousin, which took place about two years after the washing of the raennaid, there were none more sincerely happy on that occasion than the widow.' 