BY HER MAJESTY'S SPECIAL COMMAND. THE ORDER FOR MORNING PRAYER. § The Service shall be the same with the usual Office for Holydays, except where it is in this Office otherwise ap- pointed. § Let him that ministereth read with a loud voice these sentences of Scripture ; and after them the Exhortation, Dearly beloved Brethren, &c.; I WILL ARISE and go to my Father ; and will say unto him, Father, I have sinned against Heaven, and before Thee, and am no more worthy to be called Thy son. St. Luke xv. 18, 19. If we say that we have no sin we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us : But if we confess our sins, He is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. 1 St. John i. 8, 9. § Instead of the Vcnite exultemus: Hear our Prayer, O God ; and hide not Thyself from our Petition. Psalm lv. 1. Take heed unto us and hear us : how we mourn in our Prayer and are vexed. Psalm lv. 2. Nevertheless though I am sometimes afraid : yet put I my trust in God. Psalm lvi. 3. He verily is our strength and our salvation : He is our defence, so that we shall not greatly fall. Psalm lxii 2. The Lord is King, be the earth never so unquiet. The Lord is great in Sion, and high above all people. Psalm xcix. 1. The waves of the sea are mighty and rage horribly: but the Lord who dwelleth on high is mightier. Psalm xciii. 5. O put your trust in him alway, ye people : pour out your hearts before him, for God is our hope. Psalm lxii. 8. As for the children of men they are but vanity : the children of men are deceitful upon the weights, they are altogether lighter than vanity itself. Psalm lxii. 9. O trust not in wrong and robbery : give not your- selves unto vanity : if riches increase, set not your heart upon them, Psalm lxii. 19. Be Thou O God our help in trouble : for vain is the help of man. Psalm lx. 11. Help us, O God of our salvation, for the glory of Thy name : O deliver us, and be merciful to our sins, for Thy name's sake. Psalm lxxix. 9. The Lord shall give strength unto his people : the Lord shall give his people the blessing of peace. Psalm xxix. 10. Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost. As it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be, world without end. Amen. § Proper Psalms, L. and LI. First Lesson, Daniel IX. to the end of verse 19. § After the First Lesson shall follow, Te Derim Lau damus. Second Lesson, St. Matt., chap III. verses 1-12. § Then Benedictus, the Creed, &c.;, to the end of the Lord's Prayer. § Then the Priest standing up shall say, Priest. O Lord, shew Thy mercy upon us ; Answ. And grant us Thy salvation. Priest. O Lord, save the Queen ; Answ. Who putteth her trust in Thee. Priest. Send her help from Thy holy place ; Answ. And evermore mightily defend her. Priest. Let her enemies have no advantage against her ; Answ. Let not the wicked approach to hurt her. Priest. Give peace in our time, O Lord ; Answ. Because there is none other that fighteth for us, but only Thou O God. Priest. Lord, hear our prayer ; Answ. And let our cry come unto Thee, § This Collect to be used instead of the First Collect for Morning Prayer. O Loud God Almighty, who orderest all things both in heaven and earth ; look down, we beseech Thee, upon us Thine unworthy Servants, who turn unto Thee in our time of trouble, and humbly seek Thy favour and protection. We confess, O Lord, that in many things we have deserved Thine anger, and have failed to make that return which thou mightest justly require at our hands for the national blessings which we have long enjoyed. We have offended Thee by disobedience to Thy commandments, and by neg- lect of Thy Word and means of grace ; and if Thou wert to deal with us according to our deserts, we might justly fear Thy chastenings. But, O Thou who hast revealed Thyself as a God forgiving iniquity, transgression, and sin, we pray Thee, enter not into judgment with Thy servants who now humble ourselves before Thee. O remember that we are but dust and ashes ! Yet, Gracious Lord, let us fall into Thy hands, for Thy mercies are great, and not into the hands of men ! So teach and try us, that we may learn from Thy godly chastisements to ex- amine our ways, and to turn to Thee by a lively re- pentance. Grant us to acknowledge Thine almighty power, and Thy will in the event of that warfare in which we are now engaged. Bless us, we pray Thee, with victory, and give us grace to use it with humility justice, and charity. Enable us by Thy Holy Spirit to walk as becometh the disciples of Thy dear Son, and to discharge, each in his station, our duties to our Queen and our country. And above all, in every dispensation of Thy hand, whether it be of prosperity or adversity, make us ever to lift up our hearts above this lower world to Thine heavenly kingdom, where pain and sorrow and war and hatred shall be no more, and where alone true joys are to be found. These and all other mercies, we humbly beg, not for our own worthiness, but from Thy love, and through the merits and mediation of Thy blessed Son our Lord, to whom with Thee and the Holy Ghost be all honour and glory, now and for ever. Amen. § Then shall follow the Second and Third Collects at Morning Prayer and the Litany. § After the Prayer (We humbly beseech Thee) shall the following be added : the people repeating the same after the Minister. TURN Thou us O good Lord, and so shall we be turned. Be favourable, O Lord, be favourable to Thy people, who turn to Thee in weeping, fasting, and praying. For Thou art a merciful God, full of com- passion, long suffering, and of great pity. Thou sparest when we deserve punishment ; and in Thy wrath Thou thinkest upon mercy. Sparc Thy people, good Lord, spare them, and let not Thine heritage be brought to confusion. Hear us, O Lord, for Thy mercy is great, and after the multitude of Thy mercies look upon us, through the merits and mediation of Thy blessed Son Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. § Instead of the Prayer in time of War and Tumults, the following shall be used. O Almighty God, Maker of the Universe, and Sovereign Disposer of the Affairs of Men, at whose command Nations and Empires rise and fall, flourish and decay ; we Thine unworthy servants most humbly implore Thy gracious aid and protection. We flee into Thee for succour, in this time of peril and perplexity, when, in defence of the rights and independence of nations, now endangered through unprovoked aggres- sion, we are exposed to the calamities of war. Vouch- safe, we beseech Thee, Thine especial protection to our most gracious Sovereign. Direct her counsels, prosper all her measures for the welfare of this king- dom, and the preservation of our Church and civil constitution. And let no internal divisions, nor any other sins and provocations of this nation, obstruct her designs for the public good, nor bring down Thy judgments upon us. Bless her councillors with wisdom. Inspire her commanders, both by sea and land, with valour and patience ; and teach them, amidst all their perils and hardships, to show forth in their lives and actions the united duties and graces of Christian soldiers. O prosper them in all their doings with Thy gracious favour and protection. And whilst we pray Thee, O mercifnl Father, to defend us from them that rise up against us, inspire our hearts, and the hearts of our enemies, with the love of peace. Let us do nothing through strife, or pride, or vain glory ; but teach us to be meek and merciful, tender-hearted and full of compassion. And in Thy good time vouchsafe us, we pray Thee, such a secure and prosperous peace as may tend to the glory of Thy Name, to the honour and safety of our Sove- reign and her Dominions, and to the common welfare of mankind. Hear us, O merciful Father, and help us in this our time of need, for the sake of Jesus Christ Thy Son our Lord. Amen. § A Prayer for the Safety of our Fleets. O eternal Lord God, whose voice, mighty in operation, the raging seas and the stormy winds obey ; who, in Thy mercy guidest the Mariner in safety through the trackless deep ; receive, we beseech Thee, into Thy gracious and Almighty Protection, the Fleets of Thy Servant our Sovereign, the Vessels of our Merchants, and the Persons of all those who serve in them. Preserve them from the perils of the Seas, from the Efforts of the Enemy, and from the danger of disease in distant Climates ; that they may return in Safety, and crowned, if it be Thy good pleasure, with success in their enterprises, to enjoy the blessings of their native land ; and, with thankful remembrance of Thy Mercies, to unite with us in rendering praise and glory to Thy holy Name, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. We humbly beseech Thee, most merciful God, that by Thy Grace Thou woutdst keep alive in us, who have this day presumed to implore such great Blessings at Thy hands, a constant sense of Thy presence, and of our dependence upon Thee. Suffer us not to call down Thine anger by sinfulness and disobedience, nor to yield to those evil passions and desires which might justly incur Thy wrath and indignation : But save us, O God ; save us not only from our worldly, but also from spiritual enemies ; for the sake of Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. Then the Prayer for the High Court of Parliament. General Thanksgiving.- To the End of Morning Prayer, as usual. 