THEATRICALS. We are about to lose the services of Mr. and Mrs. Stark, who have figured as phenomena on the Australian boards. We there fore give-tbe following, valedictory announcement of Mr. Stark's most brilliant impersonation, as a mutual memento of the admira- tion displayed by the Sydney public, of the Stark's celebrity in the histrionic att, and also, we trust of the regretful feelings with which the hero and heroine of the Australian boards, bid adieu to a land in which they have met with so favorable a reception. Not really knowing by whom the play of the Cobsican Brothers is written, we nevertheless opine that the Drama-folk of Sydney are much obliged ; to the manager of the Victoria Theatre, for bringing out such a well- sustained character as Fabrien in the acting of Stark. But, first, the Scenic introductions are well adapted, and so well managed that >ne would think some new machinist had "dropped from the clouds." The delusion in the shifting cloud well conceals the purpose of imperceptibly changing both place and person—a better scene seldom has been. It -is not a tragedy in the true legitimate sense' of the word ; but ifcas as much superior to. tdur now- a-day melodramas, as genteel comedy is to vulgar farce'; therefore, a play it is, in cause, action, and result. There ard quite incidents enough of relief (although not of very extraordinary conception) so as not to destroy the main interest of the piece. JThe first part prepares the mind for some forthcoming dreadful affair " about to be." The next act successively foreshadows the gloom of mystery and blood in plot and purpose The last act properly closes with that sort of retributive justice which an audience always expect and morality requires, in the punishment of villainy by death at the hands of the injured party. We must excuse being led to believe in a preternatural state of existence and all manner of mystical agency, fatality and so forth, plausibly reconciled by the brothers being twins and that mutual sympathy always exists between them, in both pleasure and pain. Nursery gossip supposes all this ; and Siamese exhibitions approve it 1 One brother having been killed afar off— (one hundred miles) — the other feels the deadly wound at the very same precise hour. Of course, upon oath before his brother, be swears deadly revenge, and being of-Corsican parentage, we may easily expect something in earnest from the descandant of a race originally nurtured from the dew of the " hemlock and yew-tree," rather than 1 jok for the roman virtue of Caesar, that Fabrien imitates so well the stamp of It had been more cousin-german to probability that Fabrien had been less of the hero and more of the man. The acting of Stark, however, is of the highest order — no ranting or raving— but calm in speech and settled look of purpose— steady and persevering for some great accomplishment — generous in friendship — noble in quarrels - brave and courageous as a lion in fightiug : as a finale, the reappearance of Laden again, is much out of place A ghost has but three things to do— eithejr to tell you of something past, or what is at present going on - or give a bint of the future ; neither one of which communications was at all required. Lucien had been revenged by the death of his assassin at the hands of his . brother, and it was all over, the tale completed. The curtain should drop the moment Fabrien ceaBes to have anything more to do. No account is given of the other characters in the play as to whether they were " all very happy after so we must suppose the "playing- up to" and "being played-up to," was no part a thought of the play-writer \- _ - - — The Sydney Revels of Bacchus, Cupid, and Momus, by Charles Adam Corbyn.—The above little volume has just been laid before us. It appears to consist principally of extracts (in the selection which no inconsiderable amount of judgment has been displayed) from our police reports. By an old colonist, to whom most of the actors figuring in these pages are known, the raciness, the broad humor displayed in the delineation of peculiar characters must be appreciated. And to new arrivals the work will be of service as a lively and entertaining exposition of 'Men and manners in Australia.' Saint Jakes' Choral SooiETri— On Thursday evening Inst, what is termed a public practice of the Society, took place at the- School Room in Castlereagh- stredt;. when a selection of sacred music was performed which at the Commencement promised to be one of the most successful of the teason, but in consequence of a- sudden and unexpected act of insnbordination on the part of the organ, which persisted in giving tongue when it should have been Bilent, the performance, .shortly after the opening of the second part was brought to an abrupt close, the leader consoling the- audience with the assuranoe that so soon as the intractable instru ment conld be brought to a sense of its doty, the Concert should) be repeated and completed. Before this accident ocenrred Miss Flora Harris, who lea the chorusses with mach tact and accuracy,, sang the exquisite solo, " Hear ye Israel," from E. Mendelshons' Elijah, with a refined taste and fervor wbioh left nothing to be- deserved, and has never been surpassed in this colony i and from the applanse that followed tha performance, it appeared to afford the- highest gratification to the select and numerous audience who- listened to it. On the whole this Concert, or at least, the portion that was given, reflects much credit on its conductors, and it is only to be regretted that the performances are not more regular ana frequent, instead of being " few and far between " Malcoms Amphitheatre.— The performances at this pretty little place of amusement, are progressingfavourably,' if we may bo suffered to pen Buch an Americanism. The grand equestrian entree — the superb and well-trained steeds— the splendidly- apparalled riders, and the orchestral improvement, render the York-street Amphitheatre one of the most attractive i.laces of amusement in this metropolis, And it is very probable that with' the retirement of Mr. Wyatt from the management of the- Victoria, and the concomitant retirement of the most clever and celebrated professors of the histrionic a»-t, the star of the Victoria will wane and give precedence to' that of Malcom's Australian Amphitheatre. Royal Hotel. — The grand saloon of the Royal Hotel, has lately been crowded by the rank and beauty of Australia, to witness the surprisng feats of ledgerdemain performed by a youth calling himself 'Professor Horace Sidney.' His performances stand completely without a compeer in Sydney. Signor Blitz was a nullity in comparison with him. To write an accurate account of Mr. Sidney's performances, would ocoanv a larger snaee than our co umns would admit, but we single out a few of his achieve ments which occur to our memory as most worthy of notice. In one affair, the Professor, standing in the midst of the audience, pulls from out a small funnel, a number of toys, cigars, &o.;, to fill a space twenty, times the size of the funnel. He brings before the audience a tin of raw and ungronnd coffee, a tin of maize, and another of split peas, and lie suddenly converts the first into boiled coffee, the second into loaf sugar, and the last into milk. He then smashes a cup and saucer which are instantly converted into tea spoons. The coffee is banded round to the audience in the prettiest little cup in the world. Afterwards the Professor stands in the midst of the audience with a common porter bottle in his hand. He renses it out with water, and then causes every sort of wine and spirits to flow at the command of his guests, brandy, old torn, Champagne, port, sherry, one after the other flow in accordance with the demand of the guests. But we have premised, it is too onorous a task to elucidate the entire performances of Mr. H. Sidney. Suffice it to say, that it is an innocent and pleasant source of gratification, and the general feeling displayed by Mr. Sidney's guests, is one of unalloyed satisfaction. Landlord and Tenant. — A curious case under the Ejectment Act was tried on Thursday last,, in the Nisi Prius sittings of the Supreme Court, before His Honor the Chief Justice audajuryof four The action was brought by a person named Flood, and othfers, against a,,,widpw;named Learn my. for the purpose of re covering possession of a cottage in Mrs Leamray s occupation. From the evidence it. appeared the defendant is the widow of a person to whom Mr. Flood bad leased the wharf and premises at Millers' Point. On the death of her husband she entered into an agreement to transfer her interest in the lease to one Duguid for tne sum of 5s per week, in addition to the rent already paid. According to her statement she stipulated at the time this agree ment was drawn up, that she should be allowed to occupy, a cottage on the wharf during the remainder of the term of the lease, and the plaintiff Duguid promised not to turn her ont so long as e did not want it The assignment was accordingly made, and Bome time after Duguid requiring possession of tne cottage gave her notice to leave, which she resisted, and hence the present action. Or. the part of the plaintiff, it was denied that any understanding whatever was given that the defendant might occupy the premises ' during the remainder of the term, and the substantial question at issue was as to the existence of any such arrangement. His Honor having commented on the contradictory nature of the testimony, left this question to the jury, who after % short consultation re turned a verdict for the plaintiff. The Building act and the Building Surveyor. — We -have cursorily reviewed the old Act, 17 Victoria, 1853. for regulating the construction of buildings and party- walls, and for proven ting mischiefs by fire in the city of bydney. it is extended over 78 columns of a Government Gazette, and comprises 110 olauses,. It has been compiled by Mr. Golden, the City Building Surveyor, and is replete with evidences of very great, care, trouble, and ability.', Yet it appears that Mr. Golden Las been allowed no credit for his performance .which merits, a better fate, and to deny biin adequate remuneration as a token of the appreciation of bis deserts and abilities, is an act by no means redounding to the credit of the Government. We believe that only 200 copies have been struck off, and one only |Iithographed, that one being retained by the Government. With regard to the reference made in the work (jfigures and plates) ihe> Government have the only copy, bnt we believe that they display great-skill and assiduity, but the Govern ment considered the expense ".would' have been too great to have the 200 copies lithographed. Destructive FiBE.-7-Last night,! between the hours of nine and ten o clook, an alarming fire broke out in the rear of the buildings recently erected on the site of the old Bauk of New South Wales, in George -street. The fire, we believe, was first discovered by one of the police, who immediately gave the alarm. The Fire Brigade, and the Military Engines were shortly on, the spot, and being brought to play upon the fire, speedily got the flames under, and before 12 o clock, it was finally extinguished. The Paris Exhibition.— As soon as the works at present in progress at the Australian Museum are completed which will be shortly, the articles intended for transmission to the Paris Universal Exhibition will be at once arranged therein, and the Institution which hus been for some months past closed to the public will then be thrown open. Thev Trustees of the Museum nave placed the large room of the building at the command' of , the Commissioners for the Exhibition for the purpose of classifying the several specimens and m inufuctures previous to distributing the prizes which it is intended to award to the several contributors before the shipment of the packages to Fran qe. The public will thus be entitled to view the several products and .manufactures which it is intended shall indicate in the French Metropolis thft resources and capabilities of New South Wales. . SriALlNG A Bundle, &c.;— On Tuesday last, a man named Timothy Kelly was charged with stealing. Constable M'Mabon 'deposed that about mid-day .on Saturday he took prisoner into custody on the Racecourse, in consequence of information that he tiad stolen a bundle containing wearing apparel wbioh was then in hit possession. Miss Moore deposed that she saw the prisoner and a fomale on the Racecourse, and as she passed, she beard them caviling about a bundle the prisoner had, which the woman, who was drunk, oharged him with stealing from her ; she met a con- stable, and told him what she had seen and beard. Eliza Wilson, a married woman, her husband being at the diggings, deposed that the bundle produoed contained wearing apparel belonging to herself ; she did not kBow the prisoner, nor how be got possession «f the bundle; valued it at only 3s. ; she was intoxicated on Saturday, and on coming to herself found that she was in custody. The prisoner was summarily eonvioted of the larceny, and sentenoed to be imprisoned and kept to hard labour for one mouth ; and the prosecutrix bad to pay the usual 20s. penalty for drunkenness. Cot uno and Maiming. — On Tuesday last Alfred Wright was charged with stabbing one William Diekman, of King's Clear, on Ifriday last. Mr. Nntt, of Newtown, snrgeon, deposed that he was called in to attend Diekman. who was suffering from several xrounds oh the soalp, the nose, tbe shoulder, and the side. On the fhonlder, the whole skin was cnt, and he' was not quite sure that the joint itself was not penetrated ; such a knife as this produced one found on the prisoner) would inflict such wounds ; they are not dangerous wounds. Committed for trial at the Criminal Court, to be held next month. (Tbe evidenoe, wbioh was very much against the accused, is too volnminonB for insertion.) James Carroll was placed in the dock on Tuesday oharged with stealing a saddle and bridle, the property of Mr. Thomas Jenkins. It appeared from the evidence of the proseontor, that on Friday night last be left a borse with saddle and bridle, tied to a post in Campbell-street, while he went into a house olose by, where he stopped a few minutes. During his absence the horse was stolen : the saddle and bridle whiob were on the horse at the time were subsequently found in the possession of the prisoner, and as he eould not give any satisfactory account of how tbey came into his possession, he «as apprehended. Committed to Criminal Conrt. Charge op Embezzlement.— Thomas C. Perrott was on Tuesday charged with embezzling 2s. tbe properly of James Chinnery, eating-house keeper, King-street. The prosecutor deposed that he had for some time past suspected tbe defendant, who was in his employ, of reoeiving money from his (prosecutor's) customers, whioh he was in the habit of illegally detaining. On Monday cveuing prosecutor gave the prisoner in charge for refusing to hand over two shillings whioh he had received in the absence of the prosecutor. When subsequently searched in the watoh-bouse, two shillings were found in the possession of the defendant. Com mitted to the Quarter Sessions. ' Felony. — Christopher Lawlor was on Tuesday charged with street robbery. Mr. Hazlett, of Sussex- street, deposed that in $£ing-street on Saturday night he saw tbe prisoner give a jerk at something, and immediately afterwards heard that a gentleman had been robbed of his watoh ; prisoner ran away, followed by witness, who overtook and after a straggle secured him until tbe arrival of Constable Burke, who then took him in oharge ; near were be came np with the prisoner a watoh was found. Mr. Oswald Mitchell identified the watoh as his property; he valued it at £5 ; it was snatohed from his pocket in King street on Saturday night, but he oonld not tell by whom. Prisoner had nothing to say. Committed for trial Wilful Destruction op Property.— On Tuesday, a person named Jeremiah Rosson was charged with having, about two o'clock on Monday morning, thrown a brick through the window of William Curran's house, in Paramatta-street, with an intent to do some bodily harm to the said Currdn. The defendant was Ordered to find proper seeurity for his ' good behaviour for three months, or in de'ault to be imprisoned till the next (Quarter Sessions. A Pretty Kettle op Fish J— James Jackass or Jassaker, Ann Green, Elizabeth Young, John Gilmoie, Robert Horsay, Margaret Dogberty, and John Parsons, were brought np on Tuesday before the Police Magistrate, charged with creating a commotion in King-street, on the previous night. It seems that a quarrel bad arisen with the defendants, relative to the late election —Margaret Dogberty was an advocate for Henry Parkes, and was very loud in her expressions of Henry's nobby head of hair. Mrs. Ann Green, on the contrary, espoused the cause of Charles Kemp, and at length the ladies waxed so warm that they pitohed into one another Miss Lizzy Young seeing her orony Ann Green was getting tbe worst of it, double-banked Parkesennery's friend, and the male defendant's being averse to the " two to one" prinoiple, tried to have a fair fight, when the ring was broken by Sergeant Herrioks and a police posse, who marohed them all off to the watohhouse. Mr Dowling fined the gentlemen £2, and the ladies £1 each. ' Picking Pockets. — William King was oharged on Thursday, with 'pioking the pockets of a man named Johnson. The appre hending constable deposed, that while on duty on the Race Course on Monday last, he apprehended the prisoner in the aot of picking Johnson's paokets, who was drunk at the time. Committed to narter Sessions. Stbaling a Gold Ring.— Mary Hoolahan was bronght before the Behoh on Thursday, oharged with stealing a gold ring, value £1 St., on Wednesday evening last, the property of Mr. Mark's, jeweller, George-street. The proseontor deposed that the prisoner on tbe evening in question went into bis shop and asked to see some gold rings ; having shown several rings wbioh did not seem to please his oustomer, he turned away to select some others, keeping nt the same time a suspicious eye on the movements of the defendant, and deteoted ber secreting one of the rings about her person. He immediately oalled a constable, and gave her in charge. When bronght to the watoh-houae. the defentdant dropped the ring, which was picked up by one of the constables, and indentified by the proseontor. Committed to Quarter Sessions. Stbaling Show Goods— Mary Smith was on Thursday, last oharged with stealing two pairs of trousers, the property of 'Mr. Marrington, draper, Pitt-street. The proseontor deposed that on Wednesday evening lsist, tbe prisoner was pointed out to bim as a person who had stolen two pairs of trousers from bis shop door where they had been exposed for sale. He imme diately pursued the woman, and apprehended her in a gateway in Pitt-street $ the property was found near where she was standing. Sho subsequently admitted the crime. Committed for trial. BKbaCh op Police Act,— George Rowledge pleaded guilty to a oharge of diding on his dray through the public streets, and was fined in the usual mitigated penalty of 10s., with 2s. 6J. costs: Rowledge was oharged a second time, and found guiliy of assaulting »' constable in the execution of his duty, he was fined 10s. and costs ; both floes were paid, and the prisoner discharged. Robberies.— Late on Friday night or early on Saturday morning the sum of £90, mostly in gold, was stolen from the bar of Patrick Casey's public house, tbe Tollbar Inn, on the Botany Road. No idea is entertained by wbat means or by wbom the money was cither discovered or abstracted. On Saturday forenoon a silver detached lever watch was stolen from the dwelling of Mr A : Cesar, of Argyle-street, Woolloomooloo, was entered by means it is supposed of skeleton keys, no marks of violence being discoverable on either doors or windows, the boxes and drawers ransacked, and the con teats strewn about the floor. The thieves took with them ten £1 notes, one sovereign, a small sum in silver, and snndry articles of jewellery. None of the inmates were at home. About Ave o'clock on Sunday evening, Mrs. Coleman, residing at No. 5, Thurlow's-terrace, went out ; returning about seven, she discovered tjht her house bad been feloniously entered at a back window, and 'her' sideboard stripped of silver plate — chiefly spoons and forks — of tbe value of £30. Nothing has yet transpired to throw suspicion on any person as the perpetrator of either of these robberies. There is little doubt that the last two were committed by the same parties. Robbery.— John Londey, belonging to the schooner Jessie, was robbed on Wednesday night last, of a gold watoh and chain, valae £15, also a parse containing a sovereign and a small nngget of .gold, while stopping in a house of ill fame in Edwards lane off York-street. Attempt to Break out of thb Gaol. — Between 12 and 1 o'clock this morning (Sunday), an attempt was made to break out of tbe gaol in this town. It appears that while the turnkey on nigbt duty was going bis nsnal rounds, he heard a noise which seemed to proceed from one of tbe cells. Suspecting that some of the prisoners were trying to effect their escape, he gave the alarm to Mr. Foster, the Governor, who immediately proceeded into the building, and searched tbe cells. On entering one where there were four prisoners, one for. robbery and three for assault, were confined, it was found that the flooring- boards had been taken np and a large hole made in the wall, but wbioh was not quite through it. There were about three buckets full of rubbish in the cell It was evident that the men must have commenced work imme diately after being looked np for the night, otherwise tbey oonld not have accomplished so muoh as they had done. One of the prisoners had recently been employed by Mr. Fitzpatrick, the contractor, during the repairs made in the interior of the gaol, and had been convicted of an assault, and sentenoed to.six months' imprisonment. — Qoulbum Herald. Supposed Murder. — About tbe 8th or 9th instant, 'the eoroner held an inquest at Wingello, on the body of a woman named Catherine Rodehouse, alias Scotch Kit. The woman, with a man with whom she was cohabiting, were in the employ of Mr. Henderson, of Wingello, at one of bis sheep stations ; there had also been another man living in tbe same but, bat who bad absoonded on the day of the woman's death, after robbing the hnt. The deceased was fonnd dead by her paramour on his return at sun-down with his sheep. A post mortem examination was made of tbe body, but no marks of violence were found on it. Death appeared to have been produced by congestion of the lungs. A few days since tbe man who had absoonded was apprehended at Bargo, on a oharge of stealing from the hut, and on his being taken into custody he stated to the constable that be had struck the deceased on tbe baek of the head with a billet of wood, Tbe owner of the articles stolen states that when he left the hut on the morning the laroeny was committed, tbe deceased woman had three sovereigns in a leather bag in tbe bosom of her dress, and that when he returned and found the body in the hnt the money was gone. Tbe prisoner was brought before the Court and remanded until Tuesday next, for the purpose of giving time for tbe police to produce further evidenoe. The prisoner's name is John Maodonald. — Goulburn Herald. Tbe sad intelligence of the death of Mrs. L. Trobe, who had latterly been residing io Europe,. had arrived in Melbourne. Tbe Argus of Friday last thus refers to the fact ' We regret to state that tbe Morning Post of February- 8th contains tbe painful announcement of the death of the lady of his Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor. We believe that this event was entirely unexpected, and that the circumstances under whioh the announce ment reached hiB Excellency were more than usually distressing It will be recollected that Mrs. La Trobe left this colony about a year and a-half ago, in the last trip but one of the Blackwall, and but for tbe delay in ' tbe appointment of his successor, the Lieutenant-Governor would long sinoe have rejoined her. We understand that her decease took place in Switzerland, and on the 30th January. 