COLONIAL CHUKCHI BILL. ['From tho M'traina Chro-iicU of Miroh' 7 I The Ec-li.siastic.il Bills at present boforo 'l'ur:ia nifnt will bear a gi- ieral as well as a specific ex amination. Tho only ftovernmant measure Is the ' Co!on;al Cleiov Disabilities Hill.' It would. Dex IHJJ-, IM} IOO 1UUOII L-- CU1I Ull* ail ClltlUllllJJ 1JUI— Ull bat it amounts t - is. that it removes, or rather nega ives, a supposed disability, linumuch as certain oub s exist, t is measure proposes to dissipate hem. All thit it aims at is to lay the ghost of an ; insubstantial and shadowy suspicion ; and it is, in - his respect, a legislative cuiionty, especially as con i rasted with its predecessors of tho ae.-sioiiH of 1852 : md 1853 respectively. Its picumble is brief: — ' Whereas doubts exist m to tho rights of the bishops, cl-rgy, and lay persons inhibiting the colo lial po*^osstous of Her Majesty, and being in com uunion with the Church -f Enghnd, in regard to he in:uiat-c- nent of their int. rnal ecclesiastical 1 fairs ; aid whereas it is expedient that, under cer tain restrictions th'-y shonl I be . permitted to make 'emulations f -i tho taid ma-iagenient by agreement n noug th(iins« lves, bo it declared,' Sic. This recital wj conceive to be an improvement 'ii th-u which u-heivd in Mr. Gl idstono's Bill f 1852, which routed tlie doui.ts r.'Rpe ting the rights of the Colonial Jhnrch on the Tudor enactment-*. The present ncaiuro simply recognises the existence, without avin-r a ly thin? about the rcasonub cne«, of th» iojbts in que-tio:i ; and it cc.ta nl^. does not i nply —which tie Bil of 1852 did — that, by any operone :oustruoti»n, the subiuiHsioa of tho Clergy Act under U'.-nry VI II. could possibly fetter the Autralian Church of tho present day. At'.er this cautious preamble follows tho solitary cltuse: — 'No statute, law, rule, usage, or other minority of the United Kingdom shall extend or bo construed to prevo.it ho Metropolitan «f any pro. viuco, or tho Bishop of any diocoB -, iu the colonies of Her Majesty, together with his clergy and the lay persons of such pr.ivinc : or diocese, beini; memboni if tho United Church of Eu^lan I aid Ireland, from meeting together fioin ti no to time for tho purpose, it such meeting-*, of in iking or entering into any such regulations, agree nents, or arra g;ments as 1 Kill ciruumsta ices shall, in their iudtrmeut. render lecossary lor the m-iu-i^otnoiit or coiiiluct ol eccle tiastlcal affairs within such province or diocese. IVovided always, that such meetings, or the regula tions, agreements, or arrangements that may be nutda thereat, hIihII not obtain any force or authority from the enactments hereby made.' More the Bill dues not propose; and this brevity ive conceive to Le the very essence of wisdom. The Jlmrch in the co'o iks is simply tol I to do what she jan, and whit she pleases. Like all other persons r curpiration8, civil or rcligiou*, she iHUHt, or sour.se, keep within the law ; and if anything is mooted in ecclesa-it cal assemblies contrary to tlie mprem^cy of tho Queen or the law, she munt inswer for tl'is ill.-gal act, just as ovory other body nust. The C lurch is, iu short, thrown back upon lor own spiritual and inalienable functions. She. is left 10 Kiiitie her own disputes, provide for her own necessities, expand or contract, advance or fall iiack, Ujioii bur own reap msibility. -The Imperial Parliament does not pr--tt:ss t'- legalise whatever by l.t wit or internal provisions the Australian or Ciiia ilian C lurches may, in their wisdom— or. as some 'nay think, in their lack of wisdom — agree upon. The Cnurcli is remitted to its own self-control, itke uther voluntary associations. If it uses such liberty wisely nnd well, it will advunce by .tho use of delibra'ive assemblies— if uuwisely, it will suffer. But the S;a c refuses to be responsible for its success or i'a'luie; and as to ail internal regulations, the btate d ciies to enforce the'ii. All this muBt be left to the lirfcret on nud ex[ierieiicu of tho Chu.ch's own moiu b rs; hiiI its own mrnborsaio those who choose to a-cept its o.xler.and its laws. It is not likely that the Climch in Cauada, any tnnro than in the United states, will agree upo.i any co istitution or by laws detriment il 10 it- own efliciou'sy ; but, if it aoefl,1 it ? must tike the con»ti|uonco— u» own members, who are alone re»i-onaib e, will lose confidence in it and desert it. Haw the Church is t» enforce it* own legU lit'oii r in its own mumbors, it irill be for the Charch, as it haii been for all other religious Loiiee, to settle — Pariamont declines to meddle in. the matter. It s .eras sea ce:y potsib.o fcr ths most obdurate wilful niss trsjo, iu such a measu e as this, anytlung liku an attempt to er ct a dominant Church among the free institution* i-f.out co i-n'e». ' ! ' It c nit not- well with tho Archbishop of Canter bury's Hill of last session. That measure came out with the disadvantage of b;iug manifestly a. reluc tant concession. 1 1 did not treat the colouics with confidence. lr sot up all sorts of onerous and onr - row--niiulcd restrictions. It stereotyped the' idea' of aC lonial Church Leginkture as soinoth |ig fixed «nJ unelastic, nnd iinpiovi^ed a do triiuiire uonstitu ti-m, ono and indivisible, for icebound Canada and trot/ical India. It very u wisely provided for the muruil lelatio 9 between the Colonial Church and the Church L- g'siature, which the respective parties enn settle for themselves, in Toitmto aud Sydney, infinitely bitter than wo can in Westminster. It implied, 100, a jcalom and unreasonable claim for & hyper- Papal junsd:ctioh on tbo pirt of the single See of Cnutoroury. We ceruiuly hope that lay representatives will, in some way, find their place in a Colonial Church Legislature; bat we baa rather that this and all fuch arrangements were selfdeve loped in the colonies. It is possible that the regula tions of last year's Bill were, in the main, jadieiqiw, and we spoke of them as such at the time; bo*/ 011 all accounts, it is better for the colonies to nuke, rather than take, their Church constitution. 4 