-OCASIONAL SKETCHES, j No. II LADIES' MEN. 1 am a bachelor-sorely against my will but, alas! throughout life, whenever I have longed for lips, the wicked little witches would only give me noes. Women may be angels, but I think they must be fallen ones, or surely they would never play the devil as they do with a poor fellows peace. However, this is neither here nor there, merely mention tho fact of my constrained ce bacv to show that, when I stand up for til much-calumniated class, tho Ladies' Men, r advocacy must be most sincere: and my candid opinion "is that, in order to become a tip-top carpet- knight, you most really be a first-rate fellow A genuine Ladies' Man is not tho effeminate fop that unsuccessful rivals paint him, for, how ever handsome and agreeable you may be, you have no chance with the women unless you are also, a man amongst the men. Helen was true woman ; and we all know how she treated Paris, when Menelaus had just licked him. 'J \a sure, she was very kind to him immediate after, but this was tho result of tho charitable conviction that "such a nice young man" would certainly do better next time-" with a little encouragement !" Mr Augustine Caxton has remarked that, i tho mythologies of all tiroes and climes, thu ii 'explicable has ever been cmbjdicd in the fema form-a poetical expression, as ho opiiics, of tl fact that the ways of women aro past findin out. Whoa a married man and a sidwlar tin gives np the fair sex as an inscrutable enigma it may aprcar presumptuous in mc, a bacheli Snd a scribbler, to pretend to know anythiii about them ; but I do not set up f r an CKdipi -I profess not to bc tho Hierophant of Fem nine Mysteries-I am not writing a treatise o thc Philosophy of Woman. I thought mysclf well " up " in that subject at sixteen, but, "hav ing studied it fruitlessly for ten years since wisdom hath came with my whiskers, and ihouM now as soon hope to master conic sec lions or Chinese. All that I purpose in m present paper, is to jot down a few observation on thc varying roads by which more fortunat compeers- leaving nie still shivering in the shad nf hopeless Coventry-have found their way int the sweet Sicilian sunshine of " fayre ladyes' smiles. First of all, there is tho misogynist dodge I'll pretend not to care a straw for you, that you may fall over head and ears in love with me; but this, leaving out of tho question its impertinence and conceit, is rather a dangerous game to play. Women's eyes are as sharp as they are bright, and if they once find out that your indifference is only affected, they'll soon make you look a precious fool. Theil there is thc melancholy. Byronic dodge ingenious and poetical, but overdone, and al ways trembling on tho verge of the ridiculous If Fanny knows that her romantic swain has lived all his life in Bermondsey, his touching allusions to "——— the breeze That breathed around his boyhood's home, are merely suggestive of glue, and provocative of giggle; or if, having sported "stick-ups just six months, he begins to sigh over "by-gone sorrows, rapped knuckles, and dumplings with out gravy, are sure to be the first items on tb list of woes his unsympathizing listener think of. As a general rale, direct flatterers don't stani well with tho laities. They have too much gooi «enso to bo caught like flies, in treacle. Imlirec flattery-clarified honey-that's tho thing ti su.irc the pretty creatures with Î But-so far as niy observation extends-tin wrest passport to à woman's favour is tho abiliy of adapting one s self to her ever-vnrying hum cari-street, perchance, but also as changeful, u tho sound of distant chimes.. A Ladies' Alar shmld never forget that Woman's motto ii Aijiwm Eaiirm. Podr Joo Willett makes t sid mistake when hts fancied he could take ut Dolly Varden in the forge at exactly tho same point where ho had left her after the rido horrie from the maypole. To keep in harmony with t woman requires à musician able to modulate from major to minor, and back again, without a moment's notice. If you possess this rarest of qialificntions, the darlings' hearts will all turn Wyon as shamrock lenves follow the sunlight. One charge Often brought against my clients I nut confers to bo correct-to wit, tliat Ladies' V'tn aro very seldom marrying men, and thal fer arc, moreover, great danglers after married Mia. I shall not attempt to set up a justifi trion, but would merely plead, in mitigation, rat herein they manifest a wise, although a uaewhat cowardly, discretion: Being, for the Dost part, general admirers, they do «ot wish tc bro their liberty abridged, and, therefore, arc ihy of lighting on any blossoms thnt look like Veins* fly- catchers; If you don't mean matri Door, unengaged young Indies are most danger- ou subjects to do tho amiable to: Bright eyes areliko champagne, and make you talk all sorts cf nonsense that you wouldn't like to bo remind- ed of next morning: In this world of manoeuv- ring mammas, it behoves every " eligible young man" who doesn't wish, nolens volens, to be made a husband of, to take heed unto his steps, and most religiously to consider his latter end. Jl is the grim " Breach of Promise " ghost which haunts it that scares gallivanting bache- lors away from untenanted Feminity: hugely to ike annoyance of the" proprietors of the aforesaid Kaemcnts, who begin to cry out for a return I «poa tlie capital they have expended; ! Bot the poor Ladies' Man has not only mnm j but husbands also, on his back; crusty iwtlcrncn who have no notion of keeping wives for «her folks to flirt with, whilst they aro .jiging away in oflice, store, or auction mart. Accordingly, h"mo they rush from business, at all kinds of unbusiness-like hours, looking as black as " Bruder Bones "-but by no means so agreeable. Regular Miss Murdstones, too, do they become in their search after the mythical man in the cellar." Wheri Lother made himself too fascinating to Se ladies of tho court of "franco, their offended lords ("For loutish lords still placo beneath their ban Him whom tho ladies call a a nice young man !'") went and told his Pa of him, and poor Lother was instantly sent away into a seven years' exile. I have no doubt that many a jealous Benedick now-a-days would be very glad if he «OM thus easily flick awuy the butterflies that TOtet? over his "bright, particular" flower; T> »he will only listen to mo for a bit, I'll put T" op to a trick worth two of that. A wifo is ««» spaniel whoso affections no amount of ill a^v°T nc8lcct CIUI aliónate. Ladies Uko no , TUi literal or metaphorical, save those which T»e from tho milliner's. Lovo is as necessary »woman as tea, and if the man who has sworn " «Wir it neglects to do so, it is about os jouable for him to wonder at her seeking it «»nerc, as it would bo for her grocer to conl- an ot her transferring her custom to another r»P,i when day after day he had kept her walt iviwr, 0range Pekoe. Gentlemen of tho ^oenrcls stamp succeed, because Sedley Bcau <xn» are so rare. Gay Lotharies can only be OM k x t,leir owu weapons. Tho husband u2 bc?°m'! 11 I^cr ngain, and then, if his wife tba " rkc°!lin£' ho *."" speedily distance every o-hT rcfcrcnco to matrimonial, above all ? tr kinds of bliss, tho poet's words aro as true "'hey aro beautiful. - ¡T~-j-? Ho who joy would win, fiore it. Happiness was born á twin." ' i The Greeks have embodied this truth in a most ¡ graceful legend, which I tims ungracefully ren- der: - Aphrodite, gossiping with Themis over a cosy cup of nectar, complained that Eros, her little one, didn't thrive, and was told that it was be cause he was an " only " child. She took tho hint, and in due time Anteros saw the light: Anteros simply meaning "Reciprocal Love." Whilst his .brother was with him. Eros was as ' bouncing a boy as any mother would wish to see, but if Anteres went away, he once more drooped and pined. One word, before I conclude, anent that des- picable sham, the pseudo Ladies' Man. You may know him afar off by the sickly atmosphere of millefleur and conceit that wraps him round. He talks with impudent familiarity of women to whom he never said two words in his life, imagining that, Sultan like, he has but to fling tho handkerchief in whatsoever quarter it may please His Highness, and that his Odal- isque will be only too glad to come. He defers matrimony, through fear of " throwing himself away." He goes up into his bedroom to put on his hat. 'The gossamer is cocked, before the glass, at the most becoming angle. The whisk- ers are scented, combed, and curled. Thc snuwy wristband is pulled down precisely seven eigths of an inch over the unwringled glove. The folds of the lemon-coloured silk mouchnir are caused to droop, fuchsia- fashion, from the coat-tail pocket. He looks over his left shoulder to notice thc effect, and, in so doing, disarranges tho elaborate bow of his resplendent tie. Ten minutes are consumed in restoring it to its pris- tine state of graceful negligence: ten more he hangs above the mirror. Narcissus-like, enamour- ed of his own sweet face. At length he rends himself away, and takes his walks abroad, feel ing that Providence has imposed a fearful re spotisibility upon him in making him so hand some, and entertaining a kind of magnanimous compassion for his unhappy victims- the hearts, he fondly dreams, prostrate themselves before him only to be crushed, as he proceeds on his triumphant road, tho very Juggernaut of love! I am afraid there are some of this breed even in Sydney. I think I have seen a few speci- mens cantering in tho Domain, or lounging in the Gardens. Slightly altering tho old apoph them touching monkey's allowance, I most I heartily wish such ineffable apes, what sooner or later they are sure to get-more kicks than kisses. R. R. 