THE DEAD ALIVE O! OR, THE DEFUNCT CORPORATION AND THE LIVING COMMISSIONERS. A musical Drama of Diablerie—in plain English—"The Devil to pay." DRAMATIS PERSONÆ. LIVING CHARACTERS. ELIOTT, the enterprising. DARVALL, the ductile. RAE, the ruler. DEAD AS DOOR NAILS. THOMAS, the grave man } RYAN, the rumbustious man } All Ghosts to a man. DRIVER, the honest man } VARIOUS OTHER CHARACTERS. The spectres of departed Mayors, Aldermen, and City Councillors, all being resuscitated in due time. SCENE I. Down-amongst-the-Dead-men Cavern in York-street; the curtain rises slowly to the plaintive air, "Oh! where and oh! where is our City Council gone," and discovers a deserted and dismantled place with a solitary chair in the centre. Enter Thomas, Ryan, end Driver, disguised as witches. GRAND TRIO. THOMAS.—Why do we, ghosts, meet thus here? Tell me FRIENDS the reason clear. RYAN.—To put down three raging Huns Close by Driver's house—Three Tuns. DRIVER.—And the three are Number Ones— That is, these three cunning elves Only look af-ter themselves. DUET, Thomas and Ryan. Brother Driver, jolly Driver, You have spoken truly, well; You would spurn it, we discern it, Us, POOR SPIRITS, for to SELL. RECITATIVE. DRIVER—That's right my kindred; I will state the fact; Which once disclosed will teach you how to act. A vast cabal, with Fitzroy at its head, Consigned the City Council to the dead. Sent that conspicuous conclave down below; And all for WHAT? THOMAS-- } RYAN-- } (eagerly) WAT Tyler? DRIVER--(mysteriously) Might be so, Because it strove to aid the general weal, And scorned to act the part of slippery eel; Because it tried the bad ways to repair, And laid on taxes rational and fair, It was deposed—(so willed vice regal fates) For reckless Coms. with most outrageous rates. What's all their kerbing? It is but a dodge: Their MASON'S work? Unfit for any LODGE. Their actions are not squared by line and rule; They draw their wages and the people fool. 'Tis time a stop was put to this vile game, THOMAS—But who will be our champion? Name, Dick, name! DRIVER— By potent incantation Thurlow call— THOMAS—UNSHROUDED surely he'd our sight AP-PAL. DRIVER—Is't fear an undertakers's soul assails? RYAN—Och! wake him up, for dead men tell no tales. Enter the ghost of Thurlow in a garment of good solid flesh covered by ex-mayoral robes. Driver perceives the apparition first and is dreadfully agitated. DRIVER—By Styx and Charon here he stalks in state, In fashioned STYLE, but most unsteady GAIT RYAN—So ardent spirits generally walk; I'll spake to him— THOMAS—Hush! brother, let him talk. THE GHOST—(to himself) Again on earth it glads my soul to see That old arm chair which erst was graced by me. Methinks I hear my friends' approving voice— "Down Egan, down, for Thurlow is our choice; He'll give no rich feeds, baits of false pretence, But dish us up good wholesome common sense." How sweetly sound those words down memory's track! He sighs; bethinks himself of times gone by; and then bursts forth enthusiastically. (Aloud) Confusion seize them who gave me the sack. Were I a Mayor with harness on my back —— The three rush forward and cut his sentence short by a cordial embrace. What Thurlow meant to say must be felt to the imagination. THOMAS.— } You shall be more. The people 'you' decree RYAN.— } A Legislative Councillor to be. Driver.-- } Away unto the chamber—take a seat! But first of all, wilt have a bit to eat? THURLOW.—I dined off devilled kidneys; from the pot, I'd soup A LA Old Harry, smoking hot. DRIVER.—Such spicy food requires a little dash Of spirits; taste them. THURLOW.— Breaking out is rash; I'm pledged. DRIVER--We'll pledge you in a flowing can. THURLOW.—If you "will" be so pressing—I'm your man. I left George Allen just now taking tea With-- THOMAS.—Whom? RYAN.—Whom? DRIVER—Whom? THURLOW.—His long-tailed Majesty! DRIVER.—That TEA methinks must be quite common, SLOE; THURLOW.—'Tis strong GUNPOWDER. Fiz whiz touch and go. THOMAS.-- If we this pleasing subject must prolong, I call on honest Richard for a SONG. DRIVER.—My spirit-engine has disordered "pipes;" The "air" is in them. RYAN.—Blow it out; no swipes. BACCHANALIAN DITTY, Composed by "Bacchus Marsh." "So-low" by Richard that it is heard on the rocks at South Head. A full glass of alcohol fill, fill for T., Let those who prefer them drink slops; If rum, gin, or brandy, a bumper 't must be, "Half measures" are suited for sops. Now into the Council he's going to walk And give it a d—able dressing; We will furnish oil to make glibber his talk And crown it with our hearty blessing— Chorus: Our blessing—our blessing, And crown it with our hearty blessing. The quartette proceed to perform a reel round the vacant chair, and con- clude the magic ceremony by dancing off in the usual style of choice spirits at midnight. SCENE II. An apartment in City Commissioner's Lodge. Rae discovered ruminating, half buried in a mass of papers, labelled, "Plans for sinks and sewers, tanks and tunnels, water and waterholes, swamps, swindles, and salaries, gutters kerbing, installings, dustholes, and ASPIRING trigonometrical surveys, &c.;, &c.;, &c.;, &c.;" RAE.—(solus) A thousand heavy weights upon me press— Was ever ex-clerk placed in such a mess? With sandy Bright, sallow Darvall, two Such dozy dummies, what am I to do? To one thing they are pretty wide awake— (A main point—) 'tis, their salaries to take. But will the people stand this heavy tax? I feel some day our trunk will meet the axe; Lopt growing branches, tearing up of roots, And RIFLE stopping—that fear through me SHOOTS. Oh! Woolcott, eagle Woolcott, with curved beak Why was I deaf when you were wont to speak? Why did ambition lead me thus astray When your kind finger pointed t'other way? Ah! had I served my country, not myself, It never would have placed me on the shelf. I am the veriest slave to fortune's frown— My REIGN will soon be o'er, I'll bet a CROWN. The door is thrown open by the Barron of the City to admit the entrance of Eliott the enterprising and Darvall the ducule. Rae rises, bows most obsequiously, after the manner of Sir Pertinax Macsycophant, and offers a chair to each of them. ELIOTT.—Are Salary Abstracts finished? RAE--To a line; ELIOTT—That's satisfactory; give me a pen, There's nought like promptness amongst business men. What say you, Tanner? DARVALL.—Money suits a fellar— The rest is nought but LEATHER and prunella! ELIOTT—(jocosely.)—Your words have placed me in good humoured skin; Rich treat it is to see snobs taken in. (To Rae,) Last month the Gov'ment paid me SIXPENCE short-- Leave it a margin in our next report. (To Darvall) You dont despise a TANNER? DARVALL.—No—indeed! Six pennies are of six gold pounds the seed. ELIOTT.—Our day's work finished, we will now depart. They are about to retire when the door flies open, and Thurlow appears. They shrink back, and exhibit all the signs of abject fear and shivering per- turbation. THURLOW.—Depart! Ha! Ha! you may, but not in peace; I mean to summon you 'fore the police, For gross neglect of duty, and I'll prove That labour's works are not your works of love. I'll make you shake within your very shoes; For daring such a high trust to abuse. No doubt you think the people arrant fools; But dangerous 'tis to play with such edged tools, They're getting tired of your water note And they will sink you ere the sowers float. Yon towering scaffold with pretensions air. Provokes at best the scorn of curious stare; Your waxen wings have melted in the sun; And doing others you yourself have done. Great RIDER'S survey seems but useless chaff And all his vauntings meet with a HORSE laugh. Where hundreds once were spent for some good end, You call for tens of thousands to mispend, You'd drain the public purse to its last dregs And kill the goose to clutch its golden eggs. No doubt you'll thank me for this friendly call. Farewell! I'll hasten to the Council Hall And spite of opposition, scoffs and sneers, Pull this great edifice about your ears. Thurlow rushes out leaving the trio in great despondency. ELIOTT.—He's gone to put the coals on! What a go! DARVALL.—The desperate fire-eater—oh! RAE—Oh!! ELIOTT.—Oh!!! The curtain falls to a crash of brass horns, cymbals, gongs, triangles and kettle drums. 