LA UNCEST''ON EXAMINNEI, lrDiesduy, October 3, 1854. ECONOMY. t Ws do not profess to understand thie rationale of so large an expenditure for r the government of this small colony as t the legislative council havo agreed to. Of course we refer to the elective por tion, for the nominees are bound by their tenure of oflice to vote away as t much money for useless purposes or sinister objects as the excoutive do.. sire. There is a hesitancy to trust towns with municipal government which I entails needless and ever recurring r trouble on the council, and keeps up ae staff of persons adverse to the general welfare. The police, for in stance, might by a simple measure be left entirely to the management-con trol and pay-of districts and towns. The contribution from imperial funds, even if not diminished in amount, would have been reduced two-thirds by the difference in the vsluo of money; and the aid is now too paltry to merit a moment's consideration. Religion might be left to its own resources, and educa tion referred to those interested, since overy laborer and mechanic is in cir cumstances to pay for the instruction of himself and his children. Other establisluhments might be materially reduced, and the administration of general affairs be brought into a small compass. Unless the lavish expenditure proposed be lessened the colony will become bankrupt, and then retrenchment will inflict injury which timely economy could not produce. Tihe revenue is inordi nately large, and ought to be principally applied toimprovements-streets, water, sewerage, and wharves in towns, and highways in the country. A railway across the country would enhance the value of every proximate acre, and prove of infinitely more benefit to tie community than ten thousand times its cost spent in salaries. We regret to learn that Mr. Gleadow retires from the Council solely because he cannot afford to spend so much time in Hlobart Town as his present duties exact. Hoe is perhaps the most efficient member, whether his sound common sense, indus try, firmness, or moderation, be taken into account. One by one the best of the existing council will retire, worn out by the system. Under different and legitimate arrangements, no country representative need spend more than a week in a twelvemonth in the capital. But thie public seem to require a lesson and the consequences of their apathy are likely to instruct them at a severe cost. When those who have watched over their interests withdraw, the insti tution will for a time become a nuisance, which will stink in their nostrils. But they will have themselves to blame. They are as sound as over, but they have become inert when dealt with in detail, and tile existence of palpable ineptitude and political corruption seems to be necessary to arouse them to action. In the meantime public affairs will be woefully mis-managed, and at their cost too. We have mentioned a railway as a palpable, and practical object in which to invest the surplus funds, asso ciated with private capital that would be available were such an undertaking commenced. In Now South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia, the value of this means of communication is ap preciated, but here, where the greatest facility exists for the execution of such a work, the government have not yet begun to dream about its realisation. Suppose a line to be established from the Avoca district, where coal abounds, running on tile natural inclined plain which can he traced by the eye through the great strath that sweeps round tihe foot of Benlomond, and debouches in the vicinity of Launceston ; fuel could be furnished at a few shillings per ton, for domestic consumption, manufactures, and steam boats, while the produce of the mines would rival that of Newcastle, and form an extensive and profitable export. But this would only be a subordinate item of the advantage : the country and its crops on both sides of tile line for thirty or forty miles would be virtually brought within an hour's journey of the port of shipment. The enhanced value of the estates would repay thle whole outlay in less than five years. It has been calculated that the mere cartage paid for wheat last season from Deloraine to Launceston, would have yielded a handsome revenue to a railway, without taking into account the passen- ger traffic. But if the council continue to waste the resources of the state, and disregard its material progress and steady development, how can they hope it will keep pace with its neighbors and competitors where the spirit of enter- prise prevails ? What Sam Slick said of Nova Scotia is true to the letter in Tasmania:—"I never believe much what is said by a man's violent friend, or violent enemy, I want to hear what a disinterested man has to say. Now as disinterested man I say, if the members instead of raisin up ghosts and hobgoblins to frighten folks with, and to show what swordsmen they be, a cuttin and a thrustin at phantoms that only exist in their own brains, would turn to heart and hand, and develop the re- sources of this fine country, facilitate the means of transport—promote its in- ternal improvement, and encourage its foreign trade, they would make it the richest and greatest of all—I hope I may be skinned if they would'nt—they would, I swan." "If we had it," said the clockmaker, " we would make ano- ther place of it. In one year we would have a railroad which, unlike the stone that killed two birds, would be the making of all places. I often tell the folks this, but all they can say is, oh, we are too poor and too young. Says I, you put me in mind of a great long- legged, long-tailed colt father had. He never changed his name of colt as long as he lived, and he was as old as the hills; and though he had the best of feed, was as thin as a whippin post. He was colt all his days—always young —always poor; and young and poor you'll be, I guess, to the end of the chapter." 