VICTORIA. THE London, on Saturday, brought Melbourne papers to Wednesday, tho 19th instant. The Bosphorus had not arrived up to the morning of the 20th. She had been out, supposing ¿lie sailed punctually on the 4th of February, 74 days. Mr. MICHIE had been elected standing counsel for the corporation, in thc place of Mr. Justice WILLIAMS. He was apposed by the SOLICITOR. GENERAL. For the latter gentleman there were â, and for the former 9 votes. As there had been no important arrivals, and the session of thc Legislative Council had closed, thc papors are unusually bare of news. We select thc following items from the papers : Tin: VICTOIUA SANDSTONE MAXUÏ-ACTOJIV. - On Saturday last wc paid a visit to the extensive estab- lishment recently erected ot Sandridge hy Messrs, Hayes and Co., for thc purpose of carrying out the volunblc invention of Mr. Hayes, for thc manufacture of stone from Bco-sand. Tho buildings consists of a substantial factory, 120 fcot lang, fitted up with ovens, cauldrons, retorts, and oilier requisites for thc manu- facture of tho stone ; and contiguous thereto n hand- some dwelling-house, 80 feet in length, haa been erected for the accommodation of thc firm. The only thing that now delays thc commencement of thc manu- facture is thc obtaining of thc patent, which Mr. Hayes has received Aa assurance from tho authorities shall bo available within two months, under thc new Patent Law. Meanwhile Mr. Hayes has been prosecuting various experiments, and has produced several large slabs of stone, admirably calculated for street pave- ments, or for the flooring of kitchens, workshops, ftc. Thc plant ia on a scale which will enable the finn to manufacture about 4500 square feet per dav of theso ; pavement slabs, and they can ba supplied at a far I cheaper rate than tho present cost of imported pave-1 ment atone. For all purposes of drainage or walls under water, thc sand-stone is peculiarly adapted, owing to its bobig thoroughly impervious to water, and so easily moulded to any required form. It may he sunk in tho shape of cassoons, and thus used for any sub-morino works. TJy applying a thin conting of the stone, while in a soft atatc, to the surface of any building, it may he made to form a coveting bidding defiance to all moisture, and ad- hering as firmly as any cement known to the walls or boarding to which it may be applied. Another useful purpose is answered by this manufacture, namely, thc production of a very brilliant gas, which is given out in the process of amalgamating some of the ingredients that enter into thc composition of thc stone, and is produced without any waste of the materials os re- gards their uso in thc formation of tho stono. Thc quantity of gas that will bc produced when thc works are ia full operation will bo amply sufficient to light the whole ot Sandridge, both for puhlic and private purposes. Tho buildings aro erected on tho beach, near thc Sandridge lagoon, and thc ground enclosed around thc premises will otford sufficient sand to ma- nufacturo many thousand tons of thc atone, while thc beach adjoining furnishes na inexhaustible supply. We may mention, further, that mainly through tho exertions of Mr. Haves, the Government have agreed to open a communication between the sea and thc lagoon, which will thus afford great additional facilities for shipping. Tho Hobson's Bay Kaüwiy Company have offered to construct a short linc to connect thc manu- factory with their terminus ; and a provision is made within thc factory to have railway trains pass through it, and receive the stone at the smallest po3siblc amount oflnbour. Such efforts as these for thc advancement of tho colony arc beyond all praise : and wc have the satisfaction to know, on authentic data, that thc works will be ultimately ns profitable to the proprietors as they will bc valuable to thc community. THE SALE AT GRASKSIRÎII;.-This sale came ofT at the late residence of Thomas Manifold, Jï-stj., on the 31st March and 1st April. On the first day tuc cattle and hones were disposed of. Thc attendance wits both numerous and respectable, and the bidding very spirited, Young bulls fetched from £30 to £00 a hcad, cows with calves from £42. to £49, Cows with- out calves, from £22 to £51. Yearling heifers, from £11 to £21. Thc imported bull, Soxc Coburg, was bought by J. M. Allan, Esq., for £171. The horac Rtock sold well, ot tho following price* : Duncan £80, Tommy £9D, llosa £36, unbroken block colt £41, Lilly £40, colt out of ditto, unbroken, £30 10s., Miss Nipper £47, Fuschia £37 10s., Miss Amora £47, Tas- man £40, brown draught howe £01. Other horse stoek belonging to various parties averaged similar prices, according to their relative value. "Working . bullocks brought from £37 to £07 per pair. Tho in- 1 door sale, on the second day, was not so numerously ! attended, but thc biddings were equally spirited, and the prices realised were far beyond the expectation of many.-Warrnambool Examiner. , Tut DiüCiNo». - Several new rushes were made this week, in and about thc différent ranges between thus and Fryer's Creek, but did not turu out according to expectation. A rush has also taken place from Tarrengower, between there and Bendigo, which, if it proves beneficial, will connect thc Bendigo diggings willi Forest Creek by Tarrengower, making thom one vast gold field. Hundreds arc passing through here daily, some going to Avoca, of which there arc very good accounts, others to Tarrengower, und more of them settling hore and nt Fryer's and Campbell's Creeks. It is impossible to form an adequate opinion of thc proceeds realised, for those who ure fortunate keep their secret, whilst others making good wages state they arc doinR nothing. Thc escort returns arc thc only criterion by which to judge, not from thc amount transmitted, but thc amount actually lodged, and even these data arc far from being correct, as some thousands of ounces arc sent by hand to Melbourne, besides whnt is purchased by the several store- keepers. Thc following is thc return of gold transmitted by escort on Wednesday last, viz. : Sfouot Ai«wn<I*r . 73« 10 ... 0IÖ 0 M'ttoiFrankljii"! Cli 10 0 TAr«nSo»..t . 147-2 1 ... 7*3 IO Mount AlMauder for Aifclildc -IQ 0 ... 0 0 This return appears small, but it is to bo recollected that some of thc out stations transmit their gold only once a fortnight, and hence thc apparent- deficiency in the present amount. Gold at Castlemaine, £3 l"s. Od. per ounce. Mas. UaocouAM's H\MI.ET.-(From a Corresjx»i JentJ.-Unusual as it is to see a female attempt to personate thc philosophic Dane, we were on Thursday night induced to attend thc , Queen's . Theatre, in order to witness Mrs. Brougham in the character of Hamlet.- Of oil the plays ever written by Shakespeare,, not one amongst them hos received thc same amount of criticism BS that bestowed on " Hamlet, Prince of Denmark." It requires o mind in itself deeply skilled in thc know- ledge of thc human heart, to understand whut ell agree to be one of the most sublime tragedies on any stage. Even Garrick is accused of false emphasis in certain parts of this play ; and Kcmblc himself-who, of all who have donned thc sable suit of Denmark, looked most princely, has not escaped thc shnft of criticism. It was with regret that we saw Mrs. Brougham venture before an audience in this difficult part, and we confess that it was not without some de- gree of prejudice that wc passed thc threshold of the theatre. Gradually, however, thc prejudice wore oiT, and wc at length became sensible to the merits of our female Hamlet. Mrs. Brougham is an actress who possesses manv requisites for success upDn thc stage. She hos o lntly-likc boorin", n good elocution, and a pleasing lady-like voice. But thc very Tact of pos- sessing some of those qualities greatly militates from ¡ her chance of success in a character like that of thc 1 young though manly Hamlet. It is not however too much to say that wc were much pleased, and could not resist warmly applauding many of her speeches. Wc sincerely hope that the next time we have tho pleasure of seeing this lady upon the stage, it may bo in some part where her peculiar talents may bc more favourably developed, which can only bc in a more judicious selection of character. Wo understand that this is her last appearance upon the stage for some time. Mr. Burford made o very creditable Ghost: we were much pleased with his octing in this impor- tant part. Mr. C. Young, tit Polonius, made some hits which pleased part of thc audience ; but he seemed quite regardless of incurring thc censuro which Hamlet bestows upon certain " players, which he had seen play"-as the part was only half-lcamcd and vilely interlined, Polonius had also evidently purloined tho grave-digger's wig, thc loss of which important article of embellishment tho grove functionary did not feel, as the net wherein he discourscth was this evening dis Ecnscd with. Upon thc whole, thc company was otter than wc expected to find, thc audience good humoured, and thc box scats very dirty. ATTEMIT TO EVAOE A HIRIN-O IX MKLDOUUXE. Mr. J. Munro, merchant, of Sydney Place, Launces- ton, was summoned to the police office in that town a few dava ago, to show cause why ho should not pay the «um of £105 10s. 3d., wages claimed by Lawrence Munro, a native of Canada, who, it was alleged, had been engaged by thc direction of thc defendant in Melbourne, to proceed to a place called Ilfracombe, situated on thc west bank of thc Tamar, there to serve in thc capacity of a millwright. The ovidence dis- closed that defendant authorised thc hiring of com- plainant " any how," and instructed the person de- puted to engage him to give him thc some wages he was receiving in Melbourne. Upon thc strength of this arrangement complainant was engaged, left Mel- bourne, and proceeded with his duties ot Ilfracombe. After remaining there some time, comploinant de- manded a settlement of wages, when Mr, Munro re- fused to allow him more than £4 per week, he having been engaged under tho impression that ho would re- ceive £0 per week as in Melbourne, and out of this arose the information. In evidence it was proved complainant was an excellent mechanic. Tho magis- trates deferred their judgment until Saturday, when they gave it as their opinion that tho complainant was on titled to thc full amount claimed, and ordered Mr. Munro to pay £105 10s,, and 13s. 3d. in thc shapo of ESCAÏ-E OP TWO ALLEOED ML'RDERERS.-It may bc in the recollection of some of our readers that about sis months ago a man-nnmed Andrew Thompson was murdered near Decameron's station, on thc Wimmera, by two aboriginal blacks. The murdered man had been in the service of Mr. Kinnccr, a squatter in thc Avoca district ; and at thc time he met His death was travelling from Mr. Kinnccr's to soma station on tho Wimmera. His murderers are supposed to havo ex- pected that they would obtain tho whole of thc wageB which thc unfortunate man had received j but in tais they were disappointed, for thc greater part of his hardly gainod earnings were in thc form of a cheque, which was subsequently found upon his body. Thc fact of tho murder having been committed was first made knows by soma blacks to two of the settlers in the neighbourhood. The dead body was found in the place indicated by thc blacks who had first given information, and in consequence of some further intel- ligence received by thc police, two aborigines, named Tommy and Jacky, wero apprehended after great labour and difficult)-. They had taken refuge i malice scrub, where their race only can conveniently travel. Previous to tho death of Thomson, thc alleged murderers had been employed as bullock drivers bj' Mr. Atkinson, a squatter in the Wimmera district. The prisoners were remanded from time to time, by thc bench of magistrates at Horsham, the ev' being as yet incomplete. Meanwhile, they wc tained in tho Horsham lock-up. But it seems thnt the experienced officer at first in charge of the place of their detention was replaced by one of those young gentlemen who, being of Buporior birth, cannot bc expected to go through the dull drudgery of lenming a police officer's duty, by doing a police constable's work, but arc officeT elect before their arma arc scarcely strong enough to lift a sword, or before they know the great A of police skill from thc hull's foot j of sham-officer silliness and silver lace. We arc in- formed that the distinguished specimen of this class who was in charge of tlio suspected murderers em- ployed thc latter to pluck and cook a goose for him ono evening ; and that the two men took advantage of being allowed to go out in thc dark and I without handcuffs, and havo not since been heard of. Wo avoid mentioning thc name of tho ofllccr through whose alleged negligence these mon have bet planation. But it is said that thc higher authoritie arc very much to be blamed for not instituting a ful inquiry into the whole matter. Surely something i duo to public feeling, when it is alleged that through I official inexperience, if not through official careless- ness, murderers are again restored to their powers of [ committing great wrongs. We cannot believe silver lace is always to bc a shield from all inq into thc conduct of its wearers. Wc Bhall rctui this subject. Tun UNITARIANS.-This religious denomination hos succeeded in erecting a church on a very neat site, adjoining the Church of St. Patrick's, on the Eastern Hill. The edifice, though unpretending in an archi- tectural point of view, is a good substantial building, and was opened for Divine Service yesterday. TUB YARRA STRAM GONDOLA.-Since this vessel j has commenced running we understand that she ha carried aa many as four to six hundred passengers pc day, thc rough weather offering no impediment to hu progress,"and tho low rate of fare rendering such conveyance even more acceptable to the residents o Richmond in foul weather than in fair. Wo belicv it is intended to commence tho building of another | boat for the company atan carly period. TUE Co RI-O RATION.-Tho citizens of La Trobe ward will, perhaps, need reminding- that an election take« place to-day, to supply the place of Mr. Campbell, thc polling-placo being thc Adam and Eve public- . house, in Little Collins- street. As thc City Council has now confided to it thc duty of expending half a million of money, and has, moreover, an unlimited power of taxation, thc citizens will, perhaps, bcgii when a gentleman like Mr. Cooke is placed in thc position of a candidate, they deserve the mismanage- ment of their city, and thc squandering of their funds, if they do not make an effort to return him. YOUNO MEN'S CIIJURTIAN ASSOCIATION. - At the ¡ usual weekly meeting of thc members of this Associa- tion, last evening, in thc Victoria Grammar School, Collins-street, a very instructive essay was road by I Mr. P. H. Good, on Christian Missions. Ilemarl were afterwards made tending to throw further Hg! on thc subject, bv Messrs. Searle, Gibbs, and Lo' At thc next meeting Mr. Blair is to give a lecture < thc Poetrv of Tennyson. LA Tnonr WAnn ELKCTION.~TÍIC election of a City | Councillor,- in thc room of llobcrt Campbell, Esq., takes place to-day. Polling will commence at nine, and terminate* it four o!clock. Thc candidates are Mr. Henry Cooke, merchant, of Flinders-lnne, and I Mr. Michael Sullivan, thc landlord of thc Harp of Erin, Queen-street. A sharp contest is anticipated, ConoNKR's Omer;.-For some time past thc City j Coroner has been encamped in a miserable damp shanty by the Prince's Bridge, somewhere about high water level, more or less. A little longer location in such a spot must have rendered necessary an inquest | on the coroner himself, as no constitution could stai a winter there. A now office, of stone, is now bei: erected for him on the approach to the bridge, lookii up Swanston-street. It will contain a clerk's office ai an apartment for the coroner himself. ST. Pimm's Ciiviicir.-By thc report oí thc churc wardens it appears that thc pew-rents of thc past ye have produced £273, of which a balance of £12G r mains in hand, subject to a charge for repairs of t parsonage. It is proposed to hand over thc net balan to thc building fund of thc church. Tim roof of thc j nave is to bc boarded, os thc plaster has already several times broken away. Messrs. Ti. W. Pohlman, It. Gricc, and J. P. Bear,- have been appointed church- wardens for tho next year, on behalf of thc trustees, tho pewholders, and the minister respectively. the temporalities of thc Church, wilt bc held on thc | 1-lth Juno next. The position of thc ministers is one of the points to bc discussed. At present they arc all amenable ta thc will of the Bishop, and of him only. Messrs. Pohlman and South arc thc delegates from St. Peter's parish. Meetings arc being held in the other parishes for thc appointment of representatives. AN USFOHTCNATB SCHOOLMASTER.-Henry Jerrold, who stated that he had been a schoolmaster ut Sydney, was brought up before thc Police Magistrate yesterday (Tuesday), charged with being found in an uninhabited house in Elizabeth- street. Thc poor fellow was very barely clad, nnd prc? en ted a most pitiable appearance. UpDii promising to cet work as soon as lie could, thc Magistrate ordered him to bc discharged. GEELOS-Q, APRIL IT.-His Excellency the Lieu ten ant-Governor has been pleased to grnnt ten acres of land for a site for building an Orphan Asylum : and the Mayor has boen endeavouring to push forward tho erection of this much-needed institution, and has suc- ceeded in getting promises from several gentlemen of subscriptions amounting to £100 each. These hand- some sums, added to thu liberal gift of James Austin, Esq., of £500, will go a long way towards completing a very convenient structure for thc noble purpose in- tended. Thc weather yesterday and Saturday was extremely fine-a perfect midsummer-and betokened something beautiful for tho race meeting; but alas! thc changeable nature and inconsistent career of thc clerk of the weather in these latitudes has cast a gloom over tho dawn of thc race week. Last night heavy clouds rolled up from the westward, and towards daylight this morning n pelting rain set in, which hos enveloped everything again In mud nnd] Blush, and there seems every probability of thc continuing, A man named John Hammond met death last week by falling down stairs backwards, | while in a state of intoxication, and fracturing his skull. He was lodging at a house in Kardinia-street. Ciiuncn OF ENGLAND. - At last the Bishop of Melbourne has thought of the Ovens. His Lordship and lady arrived herc on Thursday last, and yesterday (Gond Friday) thc former preached twice in thc Court House, ot thc Government Camp, to attentive though Bishop's visit and intention to preach been given on thc diggings, there is no doubt that very large con- gregations would have assembled to hear him. There was, moreover, a general impression abroad amongst those who did chance to hear of His Lordship's visit, that thc service at thc Camp, held in a sniaU building, and without duo notice being given, was intended ex- clusively for thc Government olficiab. The use of a large building in tho township was offered for divine service, and if his Lordship had availed himself of thc same, more satisfaction would havo been afforded. Tho assumption oF supposed superiority and exclusive- ness, which rules in thc Camp at Beechworth to a greator oxtent, probably, than on any other gold field in tho colony, causes matters such os tho above to bc more thought of than they otherwise would be. FIRE.-At about twenty minutes to -1 p.m. on Satur- day, a fire broke out in a chemist and druggist's shop situate on the north side of Little Collins- street, be- tween Queen and Elizabeth streets, and near to Messrs. Bear's offices. The persona immediately as- sembling went to work in good earnest to do all they could to extinguish or prevent the spread of the fire. Ina few minutes thc new city engine, drngged by thc New Volunteer Company and others, arrived ot the spot. From thirty to forty members of thc Cavalry Volunteer Company, No. 2. answered to thc sound of tho new Town ilall bell, and wore in attendance at thc fire. The bell in question, however, is not sufficiently large or loud to bc hoard at any great distance from it, nor is it at present rung in a proper manner. Wc bc lievo that it should bc struck with a wooden mallet on it outer side, instcod of being rung by a rope as it now is. As there was a good supply of water at hand, the Volunteers soon got tho engine to work, nnd the fire was speedily extinguished. Thc damage done to tho building is comparatively inconsiderable. It is atwo and-a-half-story building, built of brick, with a wooden roof. Thc chief damage has bean done to tho stock, which is injured and destroyed, to thc extent, it is supposed, of several hundred pounds. Thc injury is covered by a policy in tho Victoria Fire Insurance Company. His Worship tho Mayor was on the spot almost immediately after tho fire broke out A large crowd of citizens was there, and BIBO a goodly number of police. 