T H E C O L O N I A L C U D H C U . (From tlm Morulug Chronicle.) In pursuance of a promise given in tfie coursl oflast session, the,government have introduced a measure fur relieving the colonial clf.Vgy from certain unjiist and oppressive dieatiliti&i.; It wiH be rememliered that the Arcfiljishop of Canterbury managed to scud down to tbe Commons; on tlfe 4 tli of August last, a hill for the regulation of the Colonial Church, which had been settled by consultation by tlie Bishops, early iu thc spring. This bill was, however, lost, partly ru account of its late and . unseasonable, appearance, and partly because of its inherent defctts. Although the fruit had basked for six months ill episcopal patronage, it WaS tiffripe; after all. 'J be measure w.is perplexed ( and cumbrous. Careful and minute in its provisions .agSmfit fffeuce, it offended by its care and minuteness; and its anxiety to provide against abuse became itself an ah tiie. It affected to legislate with jealously,as though il were dealing with turbulent elements of inchoate schism. It bore the stump of its parentage—being, on the face of it, a reluctant eonsessiou. We regretted its failure only because it was opposed, on wrong giouuds. Some affected to believe that it would create a Colonial Establishment; and otliors suiight tc persuade thc world; though they. never could have persuaded ihemsclt'es; that it would crcate a spiritual lyrauny. In other quarters again, tlie scheme was criticised, and nbt . unjustlv, on thc ground of its attempting too much. It was though to he loo formal, explicit, and'definite. It admitted lay rooperawou in Synods; hut it prescribed'witb over aecurracy relations which experience alone can iidjuft, and it sou'gli td flrovide against emergencies, aud td meet 'contingencies; whieh arc variable; exceptional, aild int'apable of being ruled antecedently. On its rejeclitni, it was intimated that the Solrcitor-Geiieral would, in the ensuing session, bring in a measure on the subject, under Government auspices. This measure has been introduced lit Sir Richard Bethel, in a specch as brief and coudcuscd as tbe scheme which it proposed. <hi the rejection of the Bill of 1853, we expressed a hope that its successor would be simplyon ail enabling- character; andourexpectatioiisbai'chcen realised. All that is proposed is to help thc churches to keep themselves. The bill simply aim's at removing obstructions. Tlie Solicitor- General, with a legal caution in which we share, is loth to commit himself to thc view that the Colonial Churclics are eveti at present debarred from synodical consultation and action. Doubts exist, hOwerer, on tbe subject, or have lieen ifonjjured up by the sensitive imaginations of those who dread errors or amines; of tlie nature of which we are not very accurately informed j aud these doubts the Ministerial measure proposes to lay. Th't thin" ghost of peamtimre, whatever it may lie, which walks Canadian forests or haunts Australian glades is now to he laid for ever. The elinrcli of Metropulilau Sydney iS l'ciUy at last to be ierinitted to settle questions about curates, 5icenses, and the propriety of ordering special prayers for special occasions, without its bishop incurring a dungeon in the" Tower, or the forfeiture of half his goods. It is at last deemed that the time has come for allowiugan Indian prelate and his clergy to consult about missionary Catechisms, withoueadvice from Addington-park. So far as we can gather from the Solicitor-General's speech, the new bill does not propose to do much more than this. Its scope may be very briefly stated:—Whereas doubts hare existed whether a Colonial Church meeting in Synod subjects itself to the penalties of 25th Henry VIII., c. 1!>, such doulits are' tu be removed; and whereas it ba6 been.apprehended that a Colonial Synod infringes o<i the Royiif Supremacy, such apprehensions are to be' quieted. Colonial Churches may do as they plcaSe. If they think it » tor their, spiritual and temporal interests that their, clergy, or. that tlieir'tlergy and laity together,-sranld meet to discuss their difficulties or their duties, and if they wish 10' agree 011 rules lo he Irindingontbeiutelvesasavolusitary sdciety, the ImperiaM'arliaiJfent-Jiencefortli permits them, for good or for tvil> to do us they think.proper. The responsibility is on the Colonial Churches. Asiheirs will be the good or the evil resulting from sy'nudical action, England' wisely leaves thcu) to their own choice. It re.' not intended to fcbinpcl th6 Colonial Churches • td hold cccleslafctical assemblies;' it iS ii«'t eouglit to itiake the future . tliurch constitutions of the Colonies binding oii any pcrs'otvs except tlie cliurchinen wlfo choose 10 adopt tlicrti. All thai is conceded is that the Church of England shall Ji'ave the' same'simple, com-] inon-seusc,H inalienable right that every other religious communion und body possesses, the right, that is; to settle its own offaifs after its own fashion. It is prtfpbsed; then, to do away with the disability created by the submission of the Glergv Act in Henry VIII's time. Whether that disability really exists is, as we'have said, questionable; hut it it only fair that the technical objection should bl6 removed,. were it only because the act of submission has had a prospective' result very foreign j >repostei;ous ^liiillgli. ' But, , MctJ thfe 05th illtnry VllU vvas not directed againt syrfodical acliotUti genera 1 Arid -certainly : notj |agamst.,iuch jsynodicai kStitihas istiow^e'manded'forjlie'Churcli. With'all his fatflts the Tudor'fting did ijpt intend to abridge the Ghurch's power to do her own work, nay, hetSfSk especial pains to provide for her self- regulating function. The 25tti Henry Vlll. is cii'.itled " the Submission of the Clergy, and tlie Restraint of Appeals." This statute forbids the clergy making canonS lo be sabmitted td Rome; -and llie niiiiiii/s of the whole Act is not against- synodicdl action, which ^ it expressly recognises and provides for, hut against such synodical action as involves Sh apjie&l; to Papal authority. ' The result of the statute has lieefl adverse to all ecclesiastical action j liiit its object was only to interdict -a particular and temporary sort of ^5ynodic31' deliberation, to prevent the clergy from settling c'itfonsto be submitted lo Rome, mid from promulgating them under Papal sanctions. But can any rational being suppose tliat this danger exists aiiy longer ? lu 1533, it was very possible and likely that thc clergy ini Synod, would retain the Papal supremacy; and; to forestall this danger, thc Act of Submission was passed. But is this danger very pressing in 1854 ? Is it likely that the Australian Church will prosccute appeals to Rome? If, as per:' haps Sir Jauies Stephen will issurc us, this danger is imminent, then lie has certainly made out a ease for continuing the restraint imposed by the Act of Submission. In quarters, however, where this fear is not ntertained, we apprehend no objections to the Ministerial Bill; Nor ivill the fear that this measure is likely to perpetuate and enhance episcopal and sacerdotal tyranny be very influential witli these who' either know what the colonies are; or What the effects of the Bill will be. Apprehensions are entertained, 111 some very respectable quarters, that it will tend towards ecclesiastical democracy rather than to tyranny. As things are, the bishop of a colonial diocese is either an autocrat or he is nobody, he can either dismiss and silence all his clergy by the merest exercise of caprice and despotism, or he cStnlvot restrain and coerce the most flagitious clerical- excesses. Either extreme will, however, lie made impossible wheu a Colonial Church sets about framing its own laws. The tendency of the measure is to introduce into the ecclesiastical system the same constitutional and representative principle whieh every one ofthe colonies has 011c in sccular mutters. 