ENGLISH CRANK labour is in itself not a pleasant occu- I i pation. There are, however, circumstances 11 under which it may operate as a relief to the mind. Confinement without task work of any kind is infinitely worse, and when that confinement must be undergone with the fullest consciousness that it is undeserved the sense t of innocence acts as an additional aggrava- I tion. A pickpocket under sentence at the 1 Middlesex Sessions may protest that he is but a little lower than the angels, or than Serjeant Adams himself, and that it is the very blaze lessness of his life which adds a keener pang to his sufferings. This just man, in his heart of hearts, knows, however, that he has got his deserts, and in the end applies himself the execution of his task in a hopeful and contented spirit would a correspondent phe- nomenon occur in the case of a Quaker gentleman at the head of a bill broking firm, who, in consequence of the thick-he.idedness and hard swearing of Z 71, was wrongfully fined 5s. for being drunk and wrenching off knockers in the old Tom and Jerry style or of a maiden lady, residing at Clifton and advanced in years, convicted by mistake of brawling in church ? It would be easy to heap up cases, but surely, disgrace apart, to be supposed the victim of a contagious or infectious disease to be shut up in consequence as if one were a mad "dog to be looked upon by one's fellow creatures in the same light that measly pork is regarded by a gentleman of the Hebrew persuasion- and-.all when a man's tongue is clean-his digestive, circulatory, emunctory, glandular systems, and what not, in the most admirable working order, is a little hard. Not the most patient among us would like to be considered as sufferers from police colonies, or as being in King Herod's way, or out of sorts, as Sylla the Fortunate was towards, the close of his happy career, when in reality they are well and hearty. The picture must be coloured a little higher yet ere we arrive at the full abomination of the Lazaretto, for it is thither we are bound to-day and must beg of our readers to pass with us for a while into quarantine. It is, then, outrageous enough to be. considered as a disgusting leper, or a beastly Fakir in the last stage of elephantiasis when one is perfectly well ; but to be locked up as such is an additional aggravation. At this period of the world's history, and in the advanced state of , medical knowledge, it is preposterous to talk of the Lazaretto as of a necessary precaution It has been decided over and over again, after the most careful consideration the medical men of Europe could give to the subject, that the cholera cannot be kept out like contraband goods. All the Custom-houses, and cordons sanitary, and Boards of Health in the world cannot exclude it from a particular country when, in obedience to the laws of its existence and operation, the choleraic influence is passing over the globe, and developing itself where it meets with the conditions necessary for its activity. The cholera takes no notice of yellow flags, and gunboats manned by greasy garlicky abortions in Sandy uni forms. It will have pratique, and come in of under the most favoured nation clause, if all the King's horses and all the King's men I i were drawn up to keep it out, even though the horses were the horses of King Bombs, I and the men the gallant army who maintain the principle of loyalty to the throne alive throughout King Bomba's volcanic dominions. -For it should be known that this great King this enlightened potentate, who so benignly rules over the foot of the Italian boot, moved by many considerations, but mainly by i anxious love and tender solicitude for the health of his Latzaroin subjects, has been graciously pleased to ordain that there shall he a quarantine often days imposed upon all travellers who come into his dominions from France. The season of tribulation is allowed to run from the time the vessel which bears them to the 1 dominions of this august Sovereign shall have J quilted a French port, so that, in reality, the actual time of quarantine is reduced to live or today. But why should it last five hours, or or five minutes, or why exist at all As a pro- phylactic measure it is of about as much avail as it would be to grease oneself with a trial ' cost of ivy-leaf salve made upon St Michael's Eve by the light of a rushlight, held in the hand-of a man who had been hung for parts cattle. ' King- BomVa accepts what the enlighten ment of the age has long since rejected-at lest he would fain have the world believe so. ' Has any one of our readers ever been subjected to quarantine in any of the Mediterranean ports, 1 so that he can appreciate the full extent of the annoyance and vexation, inflicted upon harm- less travellers by this preposterous ukase from the Royal Neapolitan physician ? Even in mere ordinary cases of compulsory parade before health officers the ceremony is tiresome enough. That steamer let go her anchor. The grating of the chain rouses the sleepers in their cots. They turn out, and make such toilette arrangements as a gang of landsmen are wont to do in the, confined space of a steamer's dressing room. ' Old stagers manage well enough, and contrive to freshen themselves up in a wonderful manner, while the less experienced do something unsatisfactory with toothbrushes, try vicarious rubs with the corners of towels, and a 'dream of baths and clean linen when they get I ashore. All hurry upon deck; but, although there is the shore a cable's length off, and 'I, offer the Albergo Grande di hoards with its ' inviting board, the wretched season voyagers are told they must not dream of testing its capacities until the health officers shall have visited the ship. After three hours' delay | Mediterranean steamers always arrive in port i i st 3 a.m., and the health ragamuffins com = <jmence operations at 6-you see a boat filled apparently with yellow apes in uniform coats 1 with enormous epaulettes, pulling towards the steamer; The poor rogues look so wretched that, one is tempted to suppose that they are a party from the bilious ward of the nearest i Hospital, told off for fatigue duty. Such are the individuals who have the effrontery to '' brow a doubt upon the health of the sturdy Britons who are leaning over the bulwarks matching the operations of these miserable ' stories, half in irritation and half in contempt. I k?re«ehUy the shallowest and most weekly of these guardians of the temple of Hygfia stands flap in the stern-sheets of his boat, and receives, r (once papers from the matter of the steamer with pair of tongs, forsooth,,«« if he apprehended iuafHt from) contact with the ruddy travellers ä before ship. TM,n*jU step is that all on guard. most be paraded for his inspection. Ladies and young children must be forced upon deck, that he may tell them off upon his nasty fingers, early as the hour may be. Such is the mere ordinary routine of a Mediterranean port, when Kings are not religious; but when the Rates of the Lazaretto are opened a very different system of annoyance commences. It would be somewhat difficult to make the character of that annoyance Hear to one who has not tried. We may arrive at it by approximations. It is not agreeable to be lying two miles off Dover in a ground swell at 2 p.m. of an August duty, the wind having gone down, and the cars being forgotten. It is not pleasant to arrive at a country railway station, and to find that one has mistaken the time, so that the alternative is to divide the next four hours between the refreshment-room, which contains nothing but a plethoric girl and a plate of stale Bath buns, covered with green gauze, through which an untold array of wasps are making offers at the treasured sweets, and the little platform, with its advt statements about the wonderful bedsteads and the life pills. Why heap up illustrations, however? annoyances such as these, and twenty others like them which might be cited, are as are fleabite to the annoyances of a Mediterranean Lazaretto, although they may partake feebly of the same character. To be shut up one while one is in a state of perfect health to be refused permission to go ashore while the shore spreads itself invitingly before you close at hand-to dream of cool breezes shady rooms, ices, conversation with friends, refreshments body and refreshment of soul - to be denied them by the folly of others, and to be shut up in burning- whitewashed rooms meanwhile, is an aggravation which few persons can endure without irritation. Friendship cannot resist so direful en ordeal ; it would scarce be surprising if a young married couple bound from St. George's to Vesuvius, and just in the heyday of their honeymoon, were to agree upon a divorce at least a mensa et thoro, in consequence of the sufferings of a Neapolitan Lazaretto. It is a place which brings out the lurking Cain in a man's nature, and the latent Zautippe in that of a woman. Now why should the Neapolitan King inflict such a nuisance upon Europe? There are those who say that he is not such a fool as he seems, and that the measure is purely political cal, having nothing whatsoever to do with the few cases of cholera which have been reported at Avignon. The King of Naples sees and dreams of nothing but revolutions and Muras first propagandists, and so his method of meeting the difficulty is to exclude the swarm of summer tourists who flock to Naples with Murray's handbooks in their pockets, from the beautiful region which he misrule. If mischief is abroad the move is certainly a profound one. inconvenient, however, as the arrangement may be to British subjects, we must not take the different as pointed at ourselves ; it more immediately concerns our French neighbours and allies. King Rumba is trembling before the ghost of Mural. There was another sovereign who in historic times fired on the highest point of Capri, over against Naples, who also lived in sickening terror of the assassin's knife. There are not wanting those who assign a yet more ignoble motive, in addition to this principal one, is not also gether inoperative on the recent decision of Neapolitan royalty. The privilege of supplying vessels and persons in quarantine, either ashore or afloat, with provisions is a very painful one, and not disposed of to individuals without weighty " consideration." By the side of such abominations as have in turn contributed to the gains of the continental Royalties, the quaran- i tine dodge " may be considered perfectly harmless. It may, however, become a question how far one of the feeblest monarch s of Europe, who holds his throne upon mere sufferance, shall be permitted to act the great powers and the public opinion of Europe at defiance. When we have settled matters in the East, it might be as well if the combined fleets called in at Naples on their way home. Now that Commodore Perry has removed the difficulties of the Mikado and Logo on of Japan, we cannot have a Japan within a few hours of Malta and Marseilles. 