. IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT. î HOUSE OF COMMONS, JDNB 13. THE BALLOT. \- (Concluded from Monday'» Empire.) SIrW.'MOLESWORTH : Tho honorable mem- ber for Mannhestor hng naked me in HO courteous a manner to explain my opinions on this ques- tion that I cannot rotase, even if 1 lind tho wish to do so, to enter on tho subject on this occasion. (Cheers.) The honorahle and learned gentleman who spoke Inst has supposed that I have hoon converted by the speech of my nonie friend near mo. (Hear, and laughter.) I likened, as in linty bound, to that spceoh, and, like others, 1 listened to it with that admiration which every- thing that falls from my noble friend is sure to produce; but though I admired ir, [ do not think the arguments of my Hobie friend against the ballot are convincing ; nt all events I am jot converted. (Hear.) In fact tho only argu- ments used by my noble friend ngainsl the ballot I have heard over and over attain in this House tuque ad nauseam. They have not changed since the first time 1 had thc honour of seconding Mr. I Grote'« motion. It is now eighteen yenrs ngo lince the period when my friend Mr. Grote minie his celebrated motion in favour of the ballot, one of whicli I bud the honour of seconding. That question has boen repeatedly and ably il is CUBBOII in this house, and I think that I must have leard every nrgumont urged cither for or against secret suffrage. Tho result lins been to strengthen my conviction that no measure evor can or ever will, he really effectual in checking either tiribory or intimidation, which does not contain a provision that the votes of electors shrill ba givon in secret. As I have never heard any argument of any force in refutation of tho position that the ballot is tho only legislativo measuro which could put nn ond to intimidai ion, I will contine my observations chiefly to the question of tho efficacy of tho ballot in avorting tho progress of bribery. This is an important question at present. For every ono sdmits that bribery lias prevailed of late to such sn extent ns to compromise tho character of this house, and to cast same discredit upon tho repre- sentativo institutions of this country. (Hear, hear.) Both Houses of Parliament have, there- fore, in reply to tho speech from tho throne, doolared tiiat it is necessary to tnko non- und more cfl'eolunl precautions ngaiust corrupt practices at elections. Now, what ought those new and moro effectual precautions to be? Ought they to he analogous to tho old ones, which, after so many amendments, have proved unsuccessful, or ought they to bu of'a now and different description ? That is the question at issue between tho frionds and the opponents of seorct suffrage. My conviction that no measuro will over prove effectual in oheoking bribery, which dooï not contain the ballit, is founded upon nn examination of tho" reasons why tho laws which havo been passed against bribery have failed. That the laws have failed both aides of this house admit, for both sides have brought in a bill to amend tbeso lows. (Hear.) Why have they failed? I attribute their failure to the fact that thoy are merely penal enactments, the object of which is to doter persons from giving or accepting bribes through fear of tho punishment to bo inlliolcd in tho event of detection and conviction. Now, it appears to me that a ponai enactment can only fail from two causes, either from tile inadequacy of the punishment threatened, or from tho diffi- culty of detoctinj; aud osnvictmg tho offender. To which of these two causes is tho fall uro of tho laws against bribery to bs attributed? Not cer- tainly to tho inadequacy of the threatened punishments, for thoy "aro" sovero, consisting of pocuuinry_penalties, vnrying from £500 toülOOO, accompanied by disfranchisement ar disqualifica- tion. If tho severity of these punishments were to bo increased tho publio would probably con- sider them to be excessive and out of proportion to the moral turpittido of tho offence, then judges and juries would hnvo become moro un irillittg to convict than they aro nt present, nnd the evil would be inorcased. And, imlrod, thoro is reason to beliovo that tho publio consider that the punishments at present attached to giving or inking bribes nro excossivo; became though honorablo gentlemon are pometimes unseated by Committees of this House for bribery by their agon ts, yet they nro rarely convicted, and gene- rally uoquitted of any knowledge of tho bribery ; and I do not romember any instance of nu honor- able member having been convicted ot bribery by a conrt of jastioc; yet I think there can he no reason- able doubt that after every general elcotion there must be many honorablo members ia this house who aro morally guilty of bribery. I think tho impunity which generally attends ht ¡bery should be attributed to the difficulty of dotecting tho offence and oonviot tig tho offender. That diffi- culty arises from tho peculiar tinturo of tho offence of bribery, which is very different from that of tho great majority of offences. Generally spooking, when an offence is committed, thoro is some overt and patent not, which manifestly in- flicts sensible wrong upon some person ; os, for Inatanco, «ben a man is robbed or assaulted. Thon tho injured person knows that ho is injured, feels that ho is wronged, and is prompted by his knowledgo and feolings to soak out tho offender, nu'd bring him to justice Not FO when the offence of bribery is committed. For that offence thoro is no overt act whioh manifestly inflicts sonsible wrong upon any person ; for tho offence of bribery consists eimply in the transfer of money, or money's worth, from the briber to the bribed. That not'need only ho known to the two persons concerned in it, wita aro not injured by it, but who bavo strong motives to oonconl it, strong in proportion to tho punishment threat- ened tor it ; and if they keep their counsel, tho person injured by tho bribery can never know that ho lins boen injured, nor feel that ho lins been wronged. This essential difference between bribery nnd the generality of offences WUB olonrby pointed out by my noble friend tho Lord Ptest ilentof tho Couuo'il, when ho introduced his Bill to amend tho laws relating to bribery, treating, sud undue infiuonco nt olcottous. My noble friend justly remarked that it wai a very dllUcult task for tho legislature effectively to arrest tho pro- gress of bribery. I believo tlint the legislature will never accomplish that task by means of penni enactments nlono. For wo cannot by such enact- ments so alter tho nnturo of the offence of bribery as to tender it less difficult of detection ; and if we were to endeavour to counter- balance the hopo of impunity nt ¡sing from diffi- culty of detection by throats of Bovcrist punish- ment, our Draconio laws could not be enforced, and our throats would prove vain. Therefore, il wo want to arrost tho. progress of bribory, we must not roly only on ponai enactments to dotci men from committing that offence, but must try to combine with such enactments measures onion lfitod lo takeaway tho motives to commit bribory, by diminishing its ellicncy, and hy rendering it loss dilfieult of detection. I think tho ballot is n measuro or this description. My position is thal it would diminish the ellicaay of bribery, nnd put »n end to every kind of positivo bribery except that which is the least effectual and tho least difficult of deleotion. To sustain that position, 1 must observe thnt positive bribery moy bo divided into three kinds, aocordiug to tho period when the payment nf the bri bo is made. The first kimi is when tho bribe is paid before tho elector votes on his promising to voto for tho bribing candidate, whom I will call A. Tho Becoud kind is when the bribe is pnid after tho elector his voted, ami m consequence of his having voted for cntididatt A. Tho third kind is, wliou tho bribe is pnid nftei tho return of onndlduto A, and in consoquonoo o lus return. The first kind of bribery, namely whou tho payment of tho bribe is eon lingent only only on tho promise of tho oorrupt elvctor, is rarely, nnd never willingly, prnelisetl by skilful and exporlonoed agent«, oven will open voting j for, when tho bribe lins booti pail beforehand, tho briber has lltllo security that tin bribed will fulfil his dishonourable engagement, and not sell his voto for a second hrlbo to tho op poiito party ; in mot, tho briber has no sccuritj oxcept such ns wny nrlse from ti feeling of fulst honour on the part of tho bribed, or fear or bo!tt£ reproaohed for not keeping his promise. It ii evident thal tho strength of theso feelings woulii be very much dimlnUhed, and In many onsoi entirely destroyed, hy secret siiiTingo. With tin ballot corrupt eleotors would, when they oould, tako bribes from both sidos, nnd thou vote , honestly according to tkolr oonvlotlous, for oor- rupt electors frequently have strong política opinions, for tillich they uro willing to make cou sideroble pecuniary sacrifices ; and it i» a well known faot that corrupt oleotors will oftentimes voto for a popuhr candidato for a ICM bribe tlnm for an nnti-popnlnr one. I think, therefore that with secret voting tho first kimi of bribery namely, paying before tho vote is given-will" be rarely, if aver, practised-that tho ro-ult will fre- quently bo honest voting. Tho second kind of bribery which I linve mentioned is, when tho .payment of the bribe is con- tingent on the faot being ascertained that tho corrupt elector has voted for the hribing can- didate. This is tho ordinary mode of bribery, tho most business-like and economical one; in which tho least money Roes lurthest, for money is only paid when it is known that votes have been actually givon. The definition of this kind of bribery shows that it must necessarily cease with open yoting. The third nnd last ktnd of bribery to wliiah 1 would <-all attention is, whoa tho pay- ment of tho bribery is contingent upon ti o roiurn | of tho bribing candidate, lt is evident that this kind of bribery might bo practised with scoret ns well as with open voting, but with this most im- portant difference, that with open voting in tho event of the bribing candidato being returned, only thoao doctors would be paid who had ful- filled their promise of voting for candidato A ¡ but with tho ballot tho electors would havo to he pnid whether they lind performed their p-omUes or not. It wini ld seem, ou first thought, that this kind ol' bribory would bo tho most advanta- geous for a bribing candidate, tor ho would only have lo pay when tho objeot of his wishes was accomplished, and hid return obtained. But with open voling it is rarely ever practised, nnd the reason is obvious on reflection. It holds out fur less temptation, ciettris paribua, to tho corrupt oleator thnn tho ordinary modo of bribery (hear, hear.) For, in the ordinary modo, the oor rupt elector is pui-l for having voted fir candi, dato A, nnd as tho payment is contingent upon an net within the power of tho elector, tho pay- ment is certain if the elector wills it. On tho othor hand, in the third mode of bribery, the pay. ment is contingent un tho return ofcaudiduto A. ; tho paymont is, therefore, uncertain, mid depends upon an event over which the individual elector can havo no control, except in the 'aro case of his vote being the casting volo. Consequently corrupt electors much preter tho first to tho third modo of bribery; and it is evident likewise that a much smaller sum of money, to he expended iu tho piymeot of votos as soon ns they aro givon, would be far moro efficacious in determining tho votes of electors than tho promise of a tillich larger sum nf money to be paid only in tho event of A. being returned (hoar, hear), lt is supposed, however, that bribery of tho third kind would bo much practise! with Beeret voting. I do not be lioTo that it would be. But if it wore, my posi- tion is, that with secret voting it would ho much loss cllioieioiis and muoh less difficult of detection than tho ordinary mode . of bribery with open voting ; and therefore that the ballot, by putting an cud to every othor kind of bribery, would do much towards arrest- ing the progress of corruption (heir, hear). To provo tliia position I must institute u comparison between the. two kinds of bribery to which i have just roferred-namely, between tho ordinary mode of bribery with open voting, in which tho bribery is paid to tho elector, who bus promised to vote for candidate A, as soon as he has fulfilled lils promise, and tho supposed modo of bribery under the ballot, in whiob tho briba would only ho paid to the elector who had promised to vote for can- didato A when A was returned. In tho ordi- nary mode of bribing, with open voting, the cor- rupt bargain is olear, simple, mid direct. " Vote for A (says tho briber to tho corrupt elector), mid you thall havo a five-pound note-voto for li, and you shall not have ii farthing from us." Bat in tho Htipposod mode of bribory under tho ballot, the corrupt bargain would be, '. if A ba returned you shall havo a five-pound note, ' whether you vote for against' him ; and if B be returned 'yoitsbnll not have a farthing,' whichever wa) you voto'' (hear, hear). Thereforo, with open voting tho temptation to the elector to vote foi A is tho certainty of obtaining n five-pound note with teeret voting the temptation to tho elcatot to volo for A would depend upon tho olootoi'i opinion of tho effect of his vote on tho probability of A's being to ttirnod. If tho clcotor thought that tho leturu of A would depend upon tho elector's own individual vote, then the temptation to vote fut A would bo nearly tho same ns open voting, and equal to tho certainty of readying a £5 note, Hut if tho elcotor thought that tho success m failure cf A WOB independent of tho eloctor'i own individual volo, then he woul l hnvo little 01 no motive to voto against, his convictions fur A because by tho hypothesis, in the oleotor's oph ilion, the return of candidato A, and couso< quAitly tho pecuniary result to tba elector, woulii bo tho fume wbiohover way ho voted. Now aa il rarely Impious, even with open voting;, thal nr elector thinks that the result of a contest wi! depond upon his ousting vote, I think, that will secret BtiHYoge nn cleolor'B noting singly nut alone would he little influenced^ in_ his voto bj tho promiso of a bribe, to ho paid iu thu tl ticer, tain event of tho bribing cuidhlato being rc> turned. It is said, however, that with socrel suffrage corrupt electors would not net singly nm alone, but in combination, and that colloctivi brihory would l o substituted for individual bri bery. For instance, lt is snid that a body o elcotors sufficient in number to dooido a contes would combine together to bo bribed-that i bargain would be rando with thom lo tho effuul that oaob of them should receiro t certain bribo (say £5) ia tho evon of candidate A being returned, that encl of thom would porcoivc that if thc noted together nnd voted togcthor A would b returned, nnd they would bo paid. Thotico it wa iofcrred that they would aot together nnd vot togother, and that their temptation to do t would bo nearly equal to the certainty of ob (nilling a £5 note a picoe, or Dourly oqunl to wini it is in tho ordinary modo of bribery with «pei voting. I will, for tho sakoof argument, nssum tho validity of those positions ; hut I maiiitni that suoli oolloo!ivo bribery would bo very liahl to detcotiou, and muoh less likely to escnpo di-tec i tion than tho ordinary mode of individual briber with open voting. For how is biihery monorail practised with open voting Î Tho briber snys t . tho elector, "Vote for A, and you shall receiv £S;" then, when tho day of clcotion conics, th csrrtipt elector goes to thc poll, votes for candi dato A, receives a ticket, takes it to a stranger i a dark rcoin, in out-of-the-way street, mi receivos £5. Tlivro tho traut action omis; i needs only to be known to I h roo persons cot ceruod-namely, tho briber, tho bribed, and th stranger, aud if they keep their own COUIIBI dctcolion is almost impossible. But with collet tivo bribery nnd secret voting the promiso of th bribo must bo mada, not to individual olectoi separately (fir I havo shewn that tm ulcotc neting singly and alone, would be little iufltionoe by tho premiso of a bribe to lo paid in tho uncei tain event of a bribing candidate, being refit'ned but Ibo promiso must bo mndo to tho body of elei tors who aro assumed to bo leagued together ft bribery nnd combined notion. Knoll of thoi would, therefore, bo aware, that many cloctoi betides himself wera to bo paid in tho event ( candidato A being returned. Now, it is ovidet that lo produce any affect by this modo of col lectiva bribery with tho ballot, tho promise of j bribo must bo mado to a considerable hotly i eleotorB-consideradlo, I menu, iu troportion t the numbers of a constituency. For with tl ballot, it would be no uso to prsmlse n drr.eu t 1 ao\>t electors that they thotild bo paid in tl : event of candidato A hoing returned. At preset with open voting, even in a considerable const tuatioy, nu cleation may be gained, in ii duse coi test, by tho judialous purchnBO of n small liomin of votes, lint with tba'ballot nothing of th kind could be dona. With thu.bal lot, tho on clluotito bribory must bo wholesale mid uotleotiv A moment's rcfleotlon must cunvlnco any bono nhlo gentleman that if with tho ballot ho M ¡tin rliVotuitlly to bribe n constituency, ho mui promise to tay, in the event of lits roturi as mnny el.'otota ns, in addition I tiloso upon Vf boro ttnbnught promises ho ooul aonfldoutly roly, would constitute n major it of tho constituency. For Instnuoe, snpposo tl ooustitucnoy to bo bribed contniutd a tliousnu electora j supposo nn honorable gentleman coul confidently inly upou the uitboiiglit promise of 300- 30 per cent., a largo pro.ortio iu a corrupt constituency with tho bullot ¡ the to secura lils return, the hoiioriiblo geiitlemnn would hnvo to promise to pay, in thc event cf his return, n body of ut least ¡20) eluolors ; in thc same mnnner, in a. constituency containing 10,000 electors, tho honorable inomber would bato to par, in tho event nf hi« return, a body of at least 2001 electors. Now, a promise made to BO many doctors, and known by eaoh of thom to be made to sa m »ny, could not bo kept a secret from the rest of the bribable class of tho constitu- ency, and then not only those who hnvo voted for A, but those who hnd voted for his nntaeonist, would demand payment in tho event nf A being returned. Then in what a horrible »ülomma an honorable momber would bo pineal who had obtained.his return in this manlier. I ask any honorable uentlcnnn who is conversant with the subject-(laughter), to put hinn-olf in the posi- tion of such an honorable member to fancy that he had soourod Iiis return by a promise to pay a large body of electors, that having fulfilled his promise, ho roceived ap lications for payment from a largo number of other electors what would you do ! (Hear ) What would you say ? (Hoar, hear.) You could not refuse payment to any elector on the ground that ho had not voted for you, because, with scoret suffrnga, you could not tell how ho had .voted. If you wero to refuso on tito ground that he was not one of thc body of electors whom you hud promised to pay in 'the event of your being rcturued, ho would probnbly tell you that it wns a shame you had not promised lum, that he una ns ready to ho bribed as anyone, that he had voted for you, and ns you were returned, that ho had as pond n right to ho pnid as Iiis neighbours. (Hoar, hear.) If you Btill persevered in your refusal, you would make an enemy who know your secret, who had perhaps voted for you, who would bo revenged upon you, and who would do his best to have j ou detected nnd convicted. (Hear, hoar.) On tho other hand, if you paid him out of fear, you would have tn |ny every one of the bribable class of electors in the constitu- ency -, therefore in somo constituencies you would have to pay all tho o who bad voted for you. and all who had voted against you. (Laughter.) You would ba ruined in consequence of the num- bers you would have to pay-and in proportion to tho number whom you * did pay wsui ld bo the chanco of your detection. (Hear.) Therefore, in all cases the chances of dotection would bo ulade greater than at prcsout - in many coses it would amouut to n certainty ; then you would bo convicted, severely punisliod, disqualified from sitting in parliament; your constituency ought to be disfranchised, n new and pure one substituted, and its putity would bo preserved by tho ballot (hear, hear). For ono ot the most beneficial con- sequences which I should expect from tho ballot would be the preservation of tho purity of consti- tuencies that with open voting aro in perpetual danger of hoing corrupted. 1 firmly believe that if tho ballot hud formed part ol' the Reform BU', ninny of the constituencies which have been a dis- grace to our representative system would hnvo romaiucd pure ; for I have tdiown that the ballot would have put an end to every kind of bribery, except wholesale and collective bribery. Kow, wholesale iiud collective bribery cannot bo intro- duced ut once into a pure constituency (hear, hoar). Tho ndago, Nemo repente fuit turpis ¡imus, is as true of constituencies ns of indivi- duals. Tho history of corrupt constituencies shows that bribery has boon gradually introduced into thom. Such gradual introduction of bribory would bo impossible with Focrut suffrage (honr, hear). I will state my reasons for this opinion. In mest of tho constituencies which have been corrupted since the passing of tho Reform Hill, tho origiu of tho cor ruption may ho truced to a closely contested cloction or to the bribery of unsuccessful candidates. In tho case of tbo closely contested oleotion tho contest was generally decided towurds tho closo of tho poll by the votes of u few electors, who were bribed. In such a oaso parties were neatly equal and ani- mated by strong purty feelings ; when the dny of election came tho ruca ' between candidato A nnd oandidato ll was nock and neck. Alter- nately thu one, alternately the other lending tswards the en»l of tho day nearly ono-half ol'tho electors bsd voted, from party fcoiings, for A, and tho other half from similar feelings for 13. Tho coiistituotioy was almost, po'lod out, only a dozen or so electors remalnol uupolled, a n ii ni ber sufliutoHt, however, to decide tho election. (Hear, hoar.) They were tho scum of tho constituency ; open voting made thom' tho arbiters of tho eon test, nud embowered them to dotormino who should be the representativo of tho constituency. They were in difieren t to tho merits of A or ll ; they might, perhnps, hnvo been influenced by threats, nut they were most easily acted upon hy hopes of ¡inmediato gain ; in tho excitement of tho contest, such hopes were held ont to thuin by rome friend or agent, or partisan of A. A was returned, mid Ürihory wns introduced 'into tho constituency. Hrihery once in- troduced, A's party could never nguiu be confldont of success without bribing tiloso whom they bad bribed before, and B's party could never hopo to defeat A without also having rccourso to corruption. A corrupt ettugglo then commenced, eaoh party strove to corrupt tito eleotors of the opposite party, and with cadi suc- cessive contest the number of bribed electors in- creased ; both parties, being equally guilty of corruption, oqnnlly abstained from attempting to punish each other. Now, it is «vident that, in tito first instance, tho motivo which induced A'B party to bribo, was founded upon au exact know I lodge of tho state of tho poll, and that the few I votes of tho unpolled electors would docldo the ' contest. N itb tho ballot such knowledgo would not have been possessed, tho motive to bribe would not havo oxistod, bribery would not then havo been introduce!; mid protocted by tliebillo', tho constituency might huvo remained pure, With regard to the oorrupiion of constituencies by tho bribery of unsuccessful candidates, in tilts manner many constituencies have been gradually oorrupted since tho passing of tho Reform Hill. At first these constituencies wero very pare. Tliev prided themselves upon roturning their niemboi! freo of oxpenoe (hear). This conduct, however, was distasteful to some .portons who hau1 knowledgo or experience of tho profits of t contested oleotion, they determined to get up i contost, thou one of their number, generally ti low attorney, went to London to search for ii candidato ; lie haunted tho purlieus of tho clo bi till ho found tonio porson with mero money thar, principle; frequeutly porno rich pnrvenu whe aspired to tito social position of a member o! Parliament. This parson, whom I will call tin bribing oandidato, was informed that thoro wot nu opening in such a borough for a candidato o oppoïito opinions to tho sitting member ; ho wat iuvited to bold those opinions, ai d to stand, am ho wns told that ho might be returned for a lev bumbo ls. Tho invitation was nccoptcd ; neon, test ensued on tito first opportunity. During (ht contest largo tums of money found tholr wnj from tho pockets of tho bribing candidate, througl uiystorious chnunels, into the pockets of sonto o tho electors who had maui tested their approba- tion of his political opinions. In tho first contort ho wan defented, for tho great majority of electors wero pure ; and, b»lng defeated, hu I corrupt pr<iotioen¡ tliouuh known, were not pub lishcd. Thus (bo seeds of corruption wera to* n in tito puro constituency : they gcrtnln iteil raj idly, nnd produocd fruit. Those who had onco tauted tho fruit of corruption lougod to taste it again-they comtntiuioatoJ their longing to j their neighbours. In n sacond contest tho mun lier of electors willing lo ba bribed increased, and the bribing candidato nos dc feat cd by narrower and narrower majorities. Finally, hu obtained a majority, or Ibu opposite pirty commenced bribing in Ralf- dufenco.[ lu either casu tho cotistlttwuoy became thoroughly corrupt. (Hear, hear.) lt is evident that this Iirocvsa of seduction and competition could not invo gono on with secret Mitring?, for I hnvo shown that tho billet would put nn cud to overy. kind of bribery, except Hint In which thc- pay- ment of tho bribo would bo contingent un the Rupees* of tho bribing onndhlntp, nnd conse- quently lt would put nn end to bribing by nil unsuccessful candidates. I bato shown that tho ballot would put nu oud to overy klod of bribery cxoepl thnt III which tho payment of tho bilbo would ba contingent upon the retti'ti of thu bribing unndidato ; that such bribery, to bo elluetlve, must bu wholesale mid colhotiva ¡ that wholesale nnd colleolivo bribery Mould lo very liable to detection, mid far lens dllllottlt of detec- tion tb un tho ordinary modo of bi ¡bery with open voting. Thence I infer Hint br the aid nf the ballot the ponai on'ictmotits against bribery, which In consequence ur tho diflioiilt/v nf detect Inp; bribery hare hither lo proml iiiefficaoioiis, would become effective in arresting th" prngrciB of bribery-a piocees willoh all friends of con stiluiioniil liberty mutt dep'ore, as it casts discredit upon the house, and saps the founda- tions of our representative institutions. 1 admit that tho ballot would not bo very effective in preventing bribery either in very small con- stituencies, or in very corrupt constituencies; bus the tondenoy of p'iblio "pinion is in favour of petting rid of very small constituencies, and very corrupt constituencies ought to bo disfranchised, and new nnd pure constituencies substituted (hear, hear). Thon tho ballot, by (Hitting nn end tn every kind of bribery, excopt wholesale mid corrupt bribery, would prevent tho grndnnl cor- ruption of such constituencies, nnd preserve their purity. As 1 intend to confino mv observations chiefly to tho question nf tho efficiency of tho ! ballot in arresting tbs progrese of bribery, I will only notice one objection to tho ballot. It ie sometimes said tba* in secret electors would voto coutrory to their known opinions from corrupt motives, who would bo detcr-od from openly doing so hythe publia opinion agni mt bi i bery, nr.d thus that'ho influença of puhlioopiniou nuninst bribery would bo weakened. It would bo onay tor show that there is no validity in this objeo ion to the ballot. Hut, omitting nil other answers to lt, I will content myself with expressing n. strong doubt whether tho public opinion that ihfluouacs tho notions of tho bribable class of elec- tors is hostile to bribory, or evor will bo hostile to bribery, as long ns intimidation is practised by the upper class of electora (hear, hour). The publia opinion that dotorminos tho notion of par- ticular men is not the opinion of the whole com- munity, nor of the majority of tho community, nor of the respectable, nor o*f tho intelligent por- tion of tho community, but of tho class or sod iou to whom the mon betone;. Now tho class to whom the takers of money bribes belong, especially in corrupt const ituoiieies, do not look upon the taking of a bribe ns a blamable or discreditable not. If you converse on thid subject with nn intelligent man of this class, he will justify his conduct by specious nrgumentB, difficult to refute. Ile will cito tho exnmplo of his betters-of his superior in station or in rank?. Ho will say to you, " Why should I, who am a poor man, refusa to make iv few pounds by my vote, for the benefit of myself, my wife, and 'my children ! In taking a urlbe is my conduct more corrupt than that of the shopkeeper who votes against his conscience to secure tho oustom of his customers ; or that of tne tenant who sees in his vote tho means of carrying favour willi his landlord, mid procuring an abato mont of his rent? It is true that I desire to bo rownrded for my political conduct, but so do mnuy others, my supeiiora iu station, in wealth, and education ; so does the sqtttrcon, who influences half a duzen oleclors; co dues the largo landowner, whose fifty-pounders are counted by the score; so does Ibo millownor, who oan put tho sc i ow on a hundred ton-p .linders ; so dueB the gtcat tetritorinl magnate «ho intimidates a whole country. If I desire money in roluru for my volo, they expect money's worth in return for their influence. Tho squireen aBks for bis depen- dents petty places in tho Customs or Excise ; the .large landowner wants for his younger sous a clerkship in the Treasury, or an nttuehfi-hip to an embassy. Tho rich millo»ncr nspirea to gain in Bi.ciul position-to bo called Sir John this or Sir John that (cheers nud Inughior, and n cry of 1 Sir John Bright')'; tho groat territorial magnate desires a pocrago, or a step in tito po rapo (brar, hoar)-the lotti lieutenancy of his county, a rib- bon, or a garter (hear, hear). And if the oxpeo tntions of any of these worthies ls disappoint I, marvellous is the chango that sometimes comes over his polii¡cal convictions nt tho next general election'* (beor, hoar). It is very difiicuU to persuado thc bribable class of the oleotors of the fallacy of thoso nrgumoats. In their eyes, intimidation is a fur graver offence than bribory ; for, say thoy, tho magnitudo nf. nn offence is in propottion to the evil that it does tn society, mid tho pain that it inflicts upon indi- vidúale. Tho evils to Focioty from au elector voting agnin9t hts convictions is tho same, whether he does HU for tho sake of gaining n £5 note, or from tho fear of losing ona-whether he ie seduced by a bribe, or intimidated by a throat ; but, to tho individual olcaior, tho difference between seduction nnd intimidation is very great -nil tho difference between plunsuro mid pain. All elector seduced by a bribe feels that ho is r free mau, for he docs what he likes. An electoi who is intimidated by a lb rent feels that bc is i slave, for he nets under compulsion. (Hoar hear.)- -Therefore I ropeat, in the oyes of certnit olnssef, Intimidation ia a fur graver offence thai bribery. (Hear, hoar.) They nsk, why shoiib ono .vines be permitted to ronp tho fruits o intimidation, mid other classes bo forbidden ti oojoy tho sweets of bribery ? Whoo you at temp to pùt a stop to tho ono, you ought simultane ottsly to endeavour to put an end to tho other I mn convinced, tlicrclbro, that you cnn neve produce a goner.il feoliug hostile to bribery, nilli you take away tho menus of intimidation* hy lin tipper «lasses. (Hear.) Now I need bardi; in tom pt to show that it wotl'd ba absurd nm ridiculous to try to put doun intimidation b; menus of penni enaoimenls. You cannot e* di*fino intimidation ns to constituto it i punishable offence. Intimidation of tho mes potent Mud may be conveyed by a nod, n wink, i gesture, a .secmitigly oasiuil expression of opiuioi \- nay, oven by un invitation to a breakfast or i dinner. (Laughter.) I havo heard ol" tho sue cos-ful intimidation of a numerous tonmitry h, nu invitation to a breukfast. Tho breakfast wu on tho polling-day ; thoso who partook ol' it, as matter nf course, accompanied their linidloid t tho poll, mid what tenant darell to refusa th invitation? (Hear.) It is said that inllmid itlo lins decreased of Into years. I find, howcrot much diffbtenco of opinion upon this stthject-on opinion hoing held by tho in imldating, the oppc site by tho illuminated classes. If you talk t one of tho intimidating dusses, to n land'onl pr millovner, lin will to'l you that ho never Intimi da'e» his tenants, his workmen, or his nrtisani and that tho ballot is not wnntcd ; but if yo talk to ono of tho intimidated chispos, you wi hoar p. different story. Trio Hhopkoojer, th tenant firmer, tho workman, mid tho nrtisu will tell you, «' Wo know too well tho opinions < our customers, of our landlords, of our eui ployer, to dnro to voto against thom, thou«li th&yhns; not positively thron!ononed to punish us if w do to; yet wo nro afraid to voto accoiding t our consciences, in opposition to their wishri without tho protection of the hallet." (Won benr.) From thoso coiifliiitiiig opinions I uni« at tho conclusion that tho grosser ami more out r.igeotis forms of Intimidation have become la; common, and, in fact, they mo oendemucd h public opinion ; but that tho milder, moro decani and not loss ell'ectlvo forma nra pruulUwd to grout extent (bear, hear), and I doubt very niue whother tho roal influence of intimidation on th rotes of eleators has muubdiniiiiished (hear, lu ar lt is li Horions that if In an agricultural distric vau know tba oublions of tho chief landowners I if in a nmiitifnouiting district you know tho opinions of tho uhief miltown) rs, jnu can tell to y [ Hourly whnt candidate will hnvo the mnjority ot votes in the district. I was much struck at tho Inst general etvotioti hy an iuBtnuce of this do-oriptiou with regard to tito county which 1 iiilutlut-I mean Knut Cornwnll. 1 uns told just belbro tho election, that thu i'rco trade cundid.ito had » lind chunco, that all the farmors wero piotcoilunists, and that my own tomtits would vote against me to n man. X replied thnt I Iud no donut they Wero protuotlrliists, hut ho» did their landlords intend to voto 1 (Ilenr, hear.) Ami I a>kod th« intentions of so mid sn. mentioning li'ilf-u- doisi'ti of llie chief Innded proprietors of the division. 1 wns told they wero with us. "Thou (auld J), never mind thu opinions of tho fumiers-we aimil hnvo a largo uuijnrity'' (liut<htor) ¡ and so wo hud (re- newed laughter), but whul ninusid ina most wan to lind that my tenantry, with ouu or two excep- tions, plumped far tho fico-trada candidate (roars of laughter, mid cltocrs). Now, I did not usu any intimidation (loud elmers)- My tenon's wore only nwnro of tho f»ot, vt lilah every ono knew, that 1 had always boen n deteruiiiiod Kr. o tindur, mid was a moat zealous suppurter of thu fno-tr.ulo candidate. Tho result ot' that ch oikn shored, thnt wlthiut tho ballot, tho ho-orublo gonth man opposite (Mr. Kendall) would nut hnvo the »lightest eltuiiou of hoing returned n¿uln fur Hast Cornwall, if he he oppo»ed (iou ) laughter)* There nro only three ooncelvnblo modos of pro venting inlimidnlion. Tu lu-, for Instance, the case of n dtxtnmer mid a shopkeeper. To preyent ii customer from Intimidating a shopkeeper, you must either conceal from tho shopkeeper tho opinion cf his oustomcr, or yon must forbid the oustomer from ceasing to deal with the shop- keeper in consequence of his voting against tho opTnions of his customer, or you must conceal from tho customor tho voto of his shop- keeper. You cannot conceal from a shop- keeper tho opinions of his customer, unless yon prohibit tho oustomer from over openly expressing his opinions - an in- conceivable piohiliition. You could not pre- vent a customer from censing tod«al «¡th a shop- keeper in consequence of his voting against his customer's opinions, unless you were to pass nu enactment forbidding any customer from ever aeasing to deal with any shopkeeper who had over voted against his customer's opinion- nu ¡mposs-.bin onaotinent. Therefore, Ibero remains only the alternative of concealing from tho ous- tomer tho vote of the shopkeeper, and that alter- nai iva is the ballot. Similarly in the cases of a millowner and his workmen, and of a landlord and his tenant. If you wish to prevent n land- lord from intimidating his tenant, you must either conceal from tho tenant the opinions of bis landlord, whioh wouU be impossible ; or you must prevent a landlord from ejecting any tenant who hud ever voted against his landlord ; in which caso tho tenant who had voted ngninst his landlord would hnvo a perpetual holding in his estate ; or you niu«t conceal the vote of the tenant from the landlord by means of tho ballot Therefore, it appears to mo that any serious nt tempt to put down intimidation by moans of penni enaotmcnts would give birth to Inws of snob intolerable vexation anti severity that all tho intimidating classes would cry aloud for tho protection of tho ballot. (Hear, hoar.) liut even if by means of penal enactments, an omi could be put lo intimi- dation by the npper classes, such enactment would net put down intimidation by tho lower olnsses. (Hoar, h«ar.)_ To protect the elector from the violence and intimidation of tho mob, you must empower him to give his voto in secret It is said, thero is one kind of intimidation, whioh the ballot oould not put au end to-that, for instnnco, a lasdlord who suspected that, with teeret voting, his tenants would vote against Iiis wishes, would prevent them from going to the poll; mid this kind of intimidation would be much practised in Ireland, whore in oonsequonco of tho wide difference betweon parties, it is onsier tc foresco how electors would voto, than in this country; that, for instance, Protestant landlords would sometimes compel nil their liomin Catholic tenants to abstain-from voting. I do not (loin that acts of grass and outrageous intimidation of this description mii-ht ho practised under thc ballot; but iu consequence of their very gross noes they wonld bo rare. They would only bc practised by the most unscrupulous intimidator? and ns I have already observed, publio opinioi condemns the grosser forms of intimidation I should likewise observo that a land- lord who witli secret suffrage wotilt prevout his tenant's fi om voting, wotib with opon votÏDg compel them to volt ngninst their convictions. Now, it is i greater evil to tho community, mid n grontei pain to nn elector to bo compelled to voto nanine his conviction?, than to be compelled to obstuit from voting altogether. Therefore, oton if th, ballot were not, to put a stop to this kind o intimidttion, it would substituto a lesser ovil fa a greater ono, and that would bo a gain to tin community. Moreover, for a landlord to forb-t his tenantry to vote, would, ns I hnvo nlrotub Bai l, bo nn act of gross intimidation of so out ragoous a ohnraater, that if any not of intimida tiou could or ou^ht to bo ptinisliod, that cot coull and ought. But I should doubt tho expedietic; of making it a pttnishablo offence. I shnuli leave it tn bo put down by tho foreo of pilbil opinion which, nuder tho ballot, would hecuin very strong against nets nf grosB and flngriin intimidation, i'ur tho ballot, hy putting an em to nil the ordinary nnd mild modes of intimida ! tion, would much dimmish the tiumbor of person who could or would intimidate ; then only a fri I persons would possess tho means of intimidating mid bo unscrupulous enough to uso thom and only those few wotild approve o the employment of snob menus in lb outrageous manner in question, nnd th comlnnt of those who did omplny such moan would meet with tbo condemnation of al) tho rei of the community-botli of tho Intimidated eins nnd of tliaso 'vito, in consequence of tho halb had conned to bolong to tho intimidating classe nnd who would, therofore, bo loudest iu tho coi demtiiition of tho oxeroise of a puwer of whic they had been deprived. Il ujiponrs to ino,, then fore, that tho ballot, by diminishing the numbc of persons who could hribs or intimidate, wool tend to erea'o a strong pub.io opinion bot ngninst bribery mid intimidation, i'or tho pos tiou of Jludibras, that men Compound for «Ins they am Inclined to, Hy Untuning tlioso tbey have no mimi to, (laughter)-is equally true of sins which mon hn\ no power to commit (cries of "divide, divide" Ketilly, I think honorablo gentlemen should nt object to my making ii long spr-ooh, seeing that represent on this occasion neatly n do7.cn membe of tho gnvorr.mout (ohoors, tho Treasury bone being empty]. I nave stated my reasons fi thinking that tho ballot will put nu end to ovot Kind of bribery, except grues, outrageous, an wholosalo bribery, «hielt might easily ho detecte and punished, nod also, that would put ti »nd to ovory kind of iutlmldntin except gross, outrngeon«, and VilioUaile Intimi datlnu, which publio opinion would rovoroly cot denni. In conclusion, I must tay ttl 11 my fir I conviction, founded upon the fact that your pen 1 enaotmcnts ngninst bribery, though repented amended, havo always failed, i.-, that you un patch and mond those enactments to all oicrnit you will never arrest tho progress of norriiptio ur put tm end to intimidation,till you try thc c périment of tho ballot; and if, contrary to ii expectations and co iv.'etionp, thnt experimv were to fail, you would not bo «orío oil' than y aro ut present; hut you would have tho satiefn tlon ol' having dono your best lo cure cry it evils, which endanger tho Institutions of tl country. (Tho honorablo lmrorot sat down tintiJ loud uhceis from nil purls of tho House.) Mr. I. BUTT.-Sir, placed ns I um in tho dit oult position of having to decide on a great co stitmional question between two members nf t oibinet (hour, hoar), I mn anxious, very btiet to stnto tho reasons which incline nie to ugioo tho arguments whiah have hon udvaiicod by I in,bio lord tho member for Tiverton, (lim bear.) Tho honorable member for Ma chester (Mr. Blight) insistai th tho member of thu cabinet who was sit po.icd tn represent hts viowa ou tho subje of tho ballot tlionhl givo Ins ransons. t this 1 can only say of a united cabinet, th when they do agree, their unanimity iawondoifi mid tvheii tiley differ their tiiilercncu ia mn'rvi ious. (Laughter.) But if tho right honorai binoiiet the mouibor for Southwmlc is u iii specimen ui mu (ir cl to motnuers or (ho cabinet ho représenla, I think thc waight oi° ila* argument is with tim nollie lord tho member Tor Tivoilou (hour, hear,)-bcouttso tho right honorable liuronet, beginning by toll tig us timi m. till og coull prêtent thu success ol' puuiil meilleur.» iiguiiiBt bilbeiy, oicept their not being penni cnoiiuli, or n dilliaulty in detection, nnd laving «ntlulled himself that they were Bevern enough, ho advocates a iDua-llle which would tunke ilo cc tlou impossible. (lloar,hriir.) lt is not my in- tention to fdtow tho right honorable geutU-mnu In tho Ieettiro he lins ju«t delivered upon overy f.irm mid pimpo of bribery-(hear, bear,}-yot 1 must eay, without intending any personal uisre Bpoct to him, Hutt hud his nrguin»iits procoedud fi om ono loss distinguished, 1 should huvo beon dlriios.'d to npply tu him tho rutiMirk Itu best csu paint them "bo luis fell Ilium must. (Hear, boar, and laughter.) I catt only attribute them, indeed, lo thu mysterious ii.lliienro ul timi candidato A-(ii l.Unb)-who tooms tu stand Al in ibo estimation of tho right hutiurubl . gnni luman. (Huuoxid laughter.) Hut, i-ir, tnis i{UU'tioti is not to bo dioidod ny this minto min il di>M)ol!uii of bribery. (Hoar, hem'.)' 1 give my volo ugulntt tho bulbi, l.eaiuso 1 believe that by a system of open völlig you tend tu elevate tho eou-tUu.'nt bud es, mid con Imo to the m PI In tc ii an co of high and independent feelings lu tili« coiiuiry. (Hear, hoar.l I nm un »lon» to put nu omi to intimidation ; but no ono lins shown that tho ballot will put ic down. I »in noxious to put down bribery. Tho right honor iblo gen- tleman, in his elaborate et'Bny, has not shown that hythe hnllotyoucangetrid of it. (Heur.) T'.oright honorable gontlemnu says that if you bribo you must bribo wholesale-that if you brine 200 y« tl must make them rrivy to the act ; but when' he assiinioslhat wo on this side aro acquainted with this subject I deny his accuracy. Those, however, who road the newspapers know that it is tint necessary to communicate to tho 2U0 thc way they should vot», ns at the last moment tli4t signal is given by a leader. (Hoar, beor.) Tho right honorable gentleman says you cannot brihn by secret meuns. Surely, unless all tho consti ttiensics aro mnde dish mest by the ballot, a man who poes. into a town knows thkt a certain number will vote with him mid a certain number ngninst him. (Hear, hear.) But, slr, my objection to tho ballot i» founded not upon nny consideration I whether it will promote tho interest of tho ono party or the other. I object lo it because it | jon intend that tho ballot shall vilest secrecy ? Uy enabling a man to conceal his vote, ho may falsify it ; Bomo influence may be brought to bear on him, and, having o (lei ed him a proteotion which ho will not uso if ho is not a coward, and would make his lifo a lie, do you mean to say you havo dono nothing to degrade him ? (Hear, hear.) I say that by adopting tho ballot you nuuld tend to lower the national character for independence-that by this secrecy you iutroduco treachery and falsehood into your representativo system (hear, hour). Au illustrious statesman, whoso followers aro not likely to support tho motion of to-nlghl, once spoke of tho ballot in lite language of thu Kornau historian dcsoiibing its ellbe.ts on tho electors of Homo :-" l'roposcit tabellas, styliun accepit, dimistt capul, neminem veretur, se contemnie." I concur in that descrip- tion, nnd nm prepared to record my vote against tho introduction of (ho present novel and uncon- stitutional innovation (bear, hear). Let mo not bo told of Amorioi (hear, hear). Have you rend 'tho accounts of tho elections in New York ? HUH tho ballot banished bribery mid intimidation there? Let mo not ho tobi of Franco, where wo have heard tho ballot hua given tho people a Louis Napoleon. (Hear, hear.) This dimond for the ballot is tho cry of democratic, ambition to bo free from ull restrain' (beor, hear). If there wera no other ruabon fur votiug against tho ballot I should resist it becauso it teaches a mon who comes to exercise the frntioliiso that he is in noway amenable to public opinion. I should ic sist it because, while on tho ono hand Ido not think it will prevent intimidation or suppress bribery, on the other,' I know it would loud to tho deterioration of tho national character. (Loud sheora.) Mr. riltNN said tho attempt to put down tho advocates of tho ballot in ihut houso lind proved a oomploto failure Ho bagged to express his satisfaction at tho able speech ol' the right honor- able baronet, which in Iiis opinion was worthy of tho best days of tho houso. (Uh.) ' He trusted ere long he would bring his colleagues to tho con- viction that this mo-isiiru must bj ultimately ad ptud. Thc honorable- mid lem tied gentleman who Inst nddrossod tho houso hud asserted that tho introduction of tho ballot would desi ray .tho character of Englishmen, and render thom falso, treacherous, mid couards. Suicly thu honorable mid lem ned gentleman did not moan to npply ? lint torin to any boiioniblo gentleman of that houso who was a member of a club, nud who voted by ballot. Ho did not mian to apply ihat tenn to tho I'.'ast india Company mid thu Honorable Society of Bouchers, _ mid so: nil of thoio bodies voted by moans of the ballot. Tho noble lard tba member forTivoitou had nd droseod his tpicoh almost exclusively to tho muui bers on tho otilar sido of t bo houso, natl iliJ not moot nny of tito iirgununts in favour of thu adop- tion ot the ballot. Ho could assure tho lu uso that whatever ohstnolcs might bo thrown in its way it would ult ¡nial oly bo tiiuiuplinnt. Ho did not regard tho bal Sot IIB IV democrat! J quest ¡01 ; Ito was not un ad voca to of socrosy in such casus but would prefer mon voting openly aud Independ- ently. The ballot, however, »us u remedy fur a vory serious evil that existed in thu body politic, mid h.o knew of nu o her meant) of putting au end tu tho amount of bribeiy mid intimidation Unit prevailed nt elrulious in this country, lt was the small class of mushroom aristocracy, tho half-pay captain«, mid tho men of £300 or £600 n year that intimidated tho uien below them in tho Binda.) Beale. Ho bad uo doubt that tho statesmen by whom such a mensuro should ba euri ¡ed would receive ibo gratitude of thu coun- try ot largo (crieB of ".divido"). Air. KUNDA LL said, if (hero was a pnrt of tho kingdom in which tho ballot would not answer nt all, it was that part with which he had tho honour of being oonueoted. Ho would give tho houso an iustuiico in his own onso. A mun of very small weight mid inlluuueo in tho county of Cornwall, ho lind arrayed against him thu Influence, of the yeomanry of tho county, and by no man was thai iuflueneo moro strongly oxvrtod against him than hy tho tight honorable burotio'. (Loud cheers.) There was arrayed nguinst him the stronuost. cry that could iutliteuoa a man-tho cry of " Tho big loaf," and there »ns no cry to strong ns the cry of a mini's Hfomneh. (Great laughter and cheers.) Tho landlord iuflueneo wad doubtless very strong, mid it was exerted by tho right honorable Intranet nguiu!-1 him. If hu hud conseil vd to yield his I'rii'oatioiiist principles, ho would haw hail 110 dillioulty whatever, bu: ho rolused to yield one jut. (Lotti cheers.) Tho result of his oxperioi.ee, therefore, was that tho ba.lot was of no value, becauso, whoo mun hud au honest ami right feel- ing, they would exercise that fueling against all intiriihbitlon ni.d nil landlord 11 tl J pecuniary iuflu- eneo. (Ci irs of V di «ide.") Mr. H. B15UKHLI5Y (amidst marks ot' intra Heneo on till Bides uf thu house) rose to reply. ¡lo observed that tho arguments that had bean urged against tho ballot ill tho course of tho de- buto lind b.eu answered nu loruicr occn hious, mi l insto iii of any fresh objeu tiona ono mot ibu ghost of mi nrgiuuent that they nil thought hud been laid bel'.rc Ax regarded the casu of Ameiicn, ho would observo tho Abolitionists in timt country wuic tho nd vomites of ibo ballot, whilo tho slaveholders wore tho friends jf «lint wis called open vining. Nut having heard a single nrgiimeiil to which it was nceo'Hity 10 maku 11 reply, ho would not trespass fort lier upon tho time nf tho hvil-e, but would leuvo the oise in their hands. Mr. MAOllllUO sahl tho Irish peoilo look a deep ii.tertst in this qurt-tion, and In- w.is puti-flud that until th y gave tho people uf that cuiiulr.v the right of using their li-.uolii.-o by menus ol' tho bullo', they would tiovor tio nb'.o to t>xoreii>nit independently and honestly. Tho ro.ultof the iiiliiii'ihitluii ol'. I lui liiniliouls was, that a new <lenient nus introduced-thu influents of tba priests. Tho adoption of tho bulut would pm nu end to that influen t?. (Hear.) J he clergyman wiiB reluctantly oompelhd lo interioro t'» p'i toot tho rights if tho poor people, mid BO lung ns undue influença was u.sod by cither Intidlutd tr irliHt, tho people could i.ut excru'su thu'r right . fairly independently. Hu denied Hutt (hero »us ntiyi liing n ti Unglbh lu tliu ballot, lt «us never cotisitlutcil to bj «null wliuu lt «'its exeici-oil by n gentleman, but ibu moment n tradesman, ur n i'oor lei,nut, cr it servant, attempted tu exero'su ll, thlMI ll wm d-t'Olllicd ns Ult Kiiglish nt:il cmv uni ly. Kv in persons in II lirgti «ny if litisinofs oniitjil iiiii il uf thu iutnlvrn'.dd iiiiiuuut of ii littoi on they bini to con tm,(I ng.ilitst vrlieii olootioiis eiiinti ntl. J lc «us himself in fiirntir ul'n]i<'ti voting j but ns bo saw n tr.-poislblllty cast ti| on thu nook timi tho liel(le.s by tho ln.iv, w'llch tlioy ou ti lil nut exeio'm IV i ibi.u t involving thom selves in Ml ll, be hi l l it tv >s only fuir tint such perçons should lo allow, tl thu uppor nully ol' discharging themselves ol' their rerponsihility without incurring the tlsk cf thu illrteL -unnltiu-'. llu would tull tb') government, that if they would bit c,ivu I Ito protection of Ibu haltet tu thu Bunill luttaiitiy mid sliop- ke, pats nf iro'.tiuil, und niU'cr thuin tu vete according lo their con- sciences, llif-ru would no langer loiiny i.oiossity lor t'ilhtr lay ur piiustly intel bronce nt I rich uluatiniis g wiitin if thu ma-s ul th, m trete still, us heretofore, destine I to bu driven to the (lill nt tho meru beek (d' their landlord, then would Ile u c'gy ol' irulnnd ul so, »till, us lioiutoioie, Into. ¡"ure to protect tho consciences of their fljck fron» bein ¡r violated. Tile house then divided Fur thu introduction of tho bill ,, 157 Against it .j94 Mnjoiity.** "_37 The result was hniiod with'loud cheers br the honorable members below tho irau-wor on tho ministeiial side of the house 