Wednesday, March 8th. WILFUL MURDER. Jemmy D'Arcy an aboriginal was indicted for the wilful murder of another aboriginal named Charley ; or by some known as Jackey on the 5th of March last. He pleaded not guilty, and was defended by Mr. Holroyd— at- torney Mr. Macintosh. John Kelly deposed that on the day in question he was barman at Mr. Hanrahan's public house, Orange. The prisoner and two other blackfel- lows were there, and called for liquor and the former treated deceased to a glass of rum, but becoming very noisy he turned them out. Some short time afterwards he heard a great noise and the sound of blows, which were suc- ceeded by silence. He went to the camp a short time afterwards and saw deceased who was nearly dead. A number of broken spears and womras were strewed about near the body. The prisoner told witness and those by whom he was accompanied in a threatening manner that they had better go home, remarking that black-fellows' law had nothing whatever to do with English law, and that they had better leave the blackfellows to themselves. The prisoner who spoke English very well then went into the bush. The prisoner's gin was a South Sea Is- lander ; she was not at the camp, but the night was so dark that he could not see the prisoner — he could only hear him. Dr Favelle deposed that he saw deceased at the request of Mr. Moulder a little before death ; he died a short time after his arrival. The wounds causing death were apparently inflicted by a blunt instrument. Captain Battye apprehended the prisoner at at the Long Swamp, who told him that de- ceased had hit him first and had formerly nearly killed him at Ophir. Mr. Holroyd addressed the jury for the de- fence. He submitted that there was no evidence of wilful murder. The dead body of Charley was surrounded by broken spears and womras, thus affording evidence of mutual conflict. It appeared also that prisoner and deceased were on a friendly footing a very short time before, the former having treated the latter to a glass of rum in Mr. Hanrahan's pulic house. He did not attempt to deny that the prisoner had killed the deceased, but it by no means followed that he had murdered him There was some- thing very indefinite about the evidence respect- ing what had transpired at the camp. The pri- soner might have received the first blow as he had from the first asserted, and if so, and if un- der the impression that his own life was in danger he was justified in killing his opponent. Should the jury believe this to be the state of the case the prisoner was entitled to acquittal at their hands. The case was surrounded by strongly mitigating circumstances The priso- ner had not even left the neighbourhood, but had been apprehended within a few miles of Orange where he was shepherding. He felt confident therefore that the jury would deal as leniently as the nature of the case permitted. His Honor summed up briefly and the jury retired for about half an hour. A verdict of not guilty was returned and Jemmy D'Arcy left the box with a reminder from the learned Attorney General not to "come there again," or, he "might be hanged." WILFUL MURDER. John Mantel was indicted for the wilful mur- der of Thomas Thompson at Emu Plains. He pleaded not guilty and was defended by Mr. Holroyd. Samuel Berry deposed that he knew deceased and was with him at Emu Plains on the 9th February, where they camped and " spelled " their bullocks next day. Prisoner came up to him whilst he was driving three bullocks to water. At this time deceased was watering other bullocks. Prisonor asked him if the per- son watering the bullocks was Thompson, as he wanted to speak to him. Shortly afterwards he heard prisoner call deceased a b —— y dog, and saw him strike him with his fist and knock him down, he then kicked him upon the body five or six times. Witness asked why he kicked the poor old man that way, to which he replied "only, for you I'd have settled the the bl——y old b—— r or nearly as he lagged me five or six years ago." Deceased made no resistance, but when prisoner desisted he got up and walked away. Himself and de- ceased proceeded with their teams to the Valley, but deceased complained of pain. They parted that day. When he arrived at Bowenfels on Sunday the 18th. he heard of Thomson's death. Cross-examined by Mr. Holroyd. De- ceased walked all the next and part of the fol- lowing day, until they parted. Thompson and the prisoner were talking for some time before any blows were struck. By His Honor. After Thompson walked away, the prisoner called him a b —— y old hangman and referred to the lagging. Prisoner was about half drunk at the time. Timothy M'Pherson deposed that he knew deceased who arrived at his place on the 18th. ult with his team. [Mr .Holroyd objected to every thing in the shape of evidence, but the case proceeded.] Thompson being unable to unyoke his bullocks, he did it for him. He went into the house, when he complained of a pain in his side. He died in great pain about 10 o'clock in the night. Cross-examined by Mr. Holroyd. It was a good journey to travel from Emu Plains to his place in nine days. By his Honor— did not think deceased was near his death at the time ; no doctor attended him. John Douglass deposed that he was at M'Pherson's house when deceased died. He had travelled with him a few miles when he complained of pain in his inside. He had pre- viously seen him at Homebush when he was ap- parently well. Mr. John M'Lennon knew deceased and saw him on the 5th. of February. His face and eyes were black and he complained of pain in his loins. Dr. Ryegate deposed that he saw deceased at M'Pherson's house ; he was then dead — made a post mortem examination. There were marks of external violence — one aboat half the size of his hand near the navel which was superficial and another under the eye. The intestines were much inflamed, and such inflammation might be connected with the external injury. Inflammation might also have been produced by cold and exposure. Cross-examined by Mr. Holroyd : Deceased might travel but with in- convenience, under the progress of inflammation such as deceased had suffered from in the first instance. By the Attorney-General: He was of opinion that a blow was the exciting cause of inflammation. Mr. Holroyd in addressing the jury for the defence submitted that there would be no diffi- culty in getting rid of the charge of murder as there was no proof of the existence of malice on the part of the prisoner. It was true that the parties appeared to have quarrelled, but there was no evidence to shew how or by whom the quarrel had been commenced. The prisoner stated that deceased had struck the first blow and as there was no other person present at the time, the matter was difficult of proof. Furthermore there was no evidence to shew that the deceased had ever complained of the bruise which the Doctor said had caused the in- flammation terminating in death. If he had been suffering so much would he not have com- plained to the authorities at Hartley as he was passing through ? He laid great stress upon the circumstance that after receiving injuries which were alleged to be mortal he had per- formed an unusually quick journey with his team, extending over a space of nine days, whereas had inflammation been the result of the injuries it would have been physically impossible that he could have travelled as described. It did not appear from any of the witnesses that deceased had laid his death at the prisoner's door and as stated by Dr. Ryegate the inflammation might have been produced by cold and exposure — a circumstance by no means improbable consider- ing the nature of his avocation. But allowing that death was produced by the treatment which deceased received at the hands of the pri- soner, manslaughter was the worst crime which could be fixed upon him, and such he felt as- sured would be the decision arrived at by the jury. The learned Judge summed up at some length, commenting upon the leading fea- tures of the case, after which the jury retired for about half an hour and found the verdict, guilty of manslaughter against the prisoner. His Honor in proceeding to pass sentence informed the prisoner that he was indebted to the most merciful consideration of the jury for his life; for had he been found guilty upon the indictment , it would most certainly have been his duty to execute the behests of the law, and sentence him to death. It was impossible, he said, to divest the crime of the character of long- cherished and savage hostility, or why did he say to Berry that deceased had lagged him some five or six years, previously, and that but for his arrival he would have settled him or nearly so. The prisoner had robbed the deceased some years back who had very properly pro- secuted him, and hence the provocation to the outrage which had terminated in his death. He had wreaked a revenge which he might as well have visited upon the judge, jury or public prosecutor who tried him. His Honor con- cluded by sentencing the prisoner to 6 years' hard labour on the roads, the first two to be worked in irons. John Norman, formerly indicted as an accom- plice in burning Mr. Lee's wheat stacks but acquitted, was brought before the court. The Attorney General explained that the prisoner voluntarily came forward some time ago and avowed himself the guilty party in that tran- saction, at the same time exculpating his asso- ciate. In fact it had the appearance of a Da- mon and Pythias kind of an affair, but the me- rits of the case appeared to be simply these. The man who was convicted was now working hard at Cockatoo Island, wheras the volunteer convict who prayed the sentence of the court, being a cripple, hoped no doubt to bask out his sentence in idleness at the country's expence. Upon looking through the depositions he saw no reason to believe the prisoner's statement, and was firmly of opinion that the guilty party was now suffering the punishment of his crime. His Honor informed the prisoner who appeared to have grown fat upon gaol allowance that he did not think him so bad as he would have people believe, and discharged him upon en- tering into his own recognizances. Dennis Murphy— larceny— was ordered to en- ter into recognizances— himself in £50 and two sureties in £25 each for his appearance next Assizes. SENTENCES. James Cody and Catherine Kennedy— horse- stealing — were sentenced, the former to 3 years' hard labour on the roads, and the latter to 12 months' imprisonment in Parramatta gaol. John Cody, the father of the last two priso- ners— horse stealing— was sentenced to 3 years' hard labour on the roads and to a like period for cattle stealing. The latter sentence to commence with the termination of the first. William Foster— attempting to bribe a consta- ble, was sentenced to pay a fine of £5 and to be imprisoned for one month. The Rotal Victoria Theatre. — Had the educated man whose lot happened to be cast in the Bathurst district been told some twelve month past that twelvemonths thenceforward he would see the legitimate drama performed in a very respectable style in its principal town the chances are that the prophecy would have been pooh-poohed as simply preposterous. Yet such is the fact. We have Hamlet, Othello, Venice Preserved, The Lady of Lyons. The Stranger, and other pieces which require conception and execution of no ordinary character, to place them before an audience in the shape intended by the author, pertormed in a highly creditable manner. In each of these emanations of talent and genius the lending parts have been impersonated by Mr. Cox with a correctness and force which have to us and others, been truly astonishing. Indeed we freely confess our unbelief that a per- son of Mr. Cox's pretensions had yet found his way to the colony. To say that many of his points in Hamlet were really brilliant and that the whole conduct of this most difficult part was chaste and natural is not saying too much. His elocution also is good, and is evidently fashion- ed to the style of the first professors. Mr. Cox has evidently profited by a close study of such models as Macready, Kean and Vandenhoff, and we venture to predict will yet bo regarded as a valuable acquisition to the Australian stage, This being the benefit season, Mr Belfield, the manager opened the programme by one of his own productions styled Zisca, but as the performers were generally imperfect, in their parts, the piece was seen under great dis- advantages. The language in many portions of it is highly poetical and betrays an extent of reading and refinement of thought highly credit- able to its author. Being an old favorite it is unnecessary to dilate upon the particulars of his performances of late. Since Mrs. St. Clair's dis- appearance the leading female business has devolved upon Miss Millan, who rattles through her parts as adroily and with as much clever - ness as usual. Her Pauline Deschapelles was a good and correct piece of acting and her Ophelia something above mediocre. To say that Mr. Johnson makes about as portly and substantial a ghost as ever burst upon our visual organs, is speaking plain truth, and his deep voice is by no means ill-suited to the ut- terance of purgatorial sentences in sepulchral tones. As a grave-digger his acting is very natural, his massive shoulders and brawny arms showing an adaptability for throwing up dirt which many an amateur gold digger might envy. He looked the heartless, plotting scoundrel very passably in Monsieur Beauseant. The fopling Monsieur Glavis was well pour- trayed in the person of Mr. Cull, one of whose principal recommendations consists in an inti- mate acquaintance with his author. Whilst appearing to most advantage in farce and comedy, he is what may be best understood as a very useful general actor. Miss Jackson ac- cording to custom is always at home, no matter what the part assigned her. She looked dignified as a Queen, and natural as a mother. The maternal yearnings towards her noble- minded, ambitious boy Claude, gushed from her lips and eyes with a naturalness and a pathos which told very favorably in her behalf. Miss Armstrong improves, but will require extensive reading and much application before she can expect to shine as Belvidera or Lady Macbeth. Mr. Wilson talks English with as good Gaelic accent as ever, apparently assuming on all occasions that bagpipes blow the sweetest music under the sun, and that he his spouting Shakspeare or Lytton Bulwer to an audience of Scotch High- landers. He is seen to most advantage off —the stage, where his parts rightly directed, would earn him a respectable livelihood. But where shall we find words to describe in becoming diction the soft zephyr-like accents and lack-a- daisical demeanour of Mr. Semiquaver who occasionally stalks the stage with a step ill calcu- lated to smash cockroaches ? This gentleman is evidently of opinion that consonants are bar- barisms and ought to be filed down into vowels and liquids. Should a benefit be in reserve for him, we should recommend him to read up for Falstaff. We cannot close our remarks without alluding in favorable terms to the excellent music by which the intervals are filled up. Mr. George Chittendon's Cuckoo Solo displays con- siderable execution and a nice ear. Two or three amateurs have of late made their appear- ance but beyond a friendly hint that Lindley Murray and Walker's Dictionary are very useful preliminary studies for unfledged actors, it would be premature to say much of their doings. Important to the Mining Interests — We have been informed by a gentleman connect- ed with the Summerhill mine that the grand ex- periment which was in a great measure to decide the prosperity if not the very existence of the mining interests of the Bathurst district has been brought to a successful issue by Captain Hitchens who is now smelting 6 tons of copper per day ; and two most encouraging facts established by the experiment are— that copper can be smelted at a cheaper rate than in England viz : 30s. per ton, and that from the quality of the soap stone which exists in unlimited abundance near the spot superior fire-bricks for the erection of fi? to those imported from England can be man- ufactured on the ground. The tempora? therefore which has taken place in the ? of the Bathurst Copper Mining Company to the labour difficulties of the times is ? away by the brilliant prospects by which ? Hitchens' success skirts the future. A p? has been most satisfactorily solved upon ? solution rested the fact whether the vast ? wealth of our copper lands could be worked ? ? profit and therefore whether one of our ? resources would be available. OTHER COPPER.— Ten loads of copper ? containing 20 tons— the production of the ? Mine— a few days ago left Bathurst for S? A much larger quantity could have been ? ? the, necessary carriage could have been ? cured, and the hands could have been ? pick the ore TESTIMONIAL TO THE REV. K. D. SMITH We had an opportunity a day or two ago ? in- specting the silver tea service which forms ? of the testimonial about to be presented ? Thursday week to the reverend gentleman ? name stands at the head of this paragraph ? whether viewed as a work of art or as a ? the liberality of the givers and the worthiness the receiver, it is equally creditable to ? con- cerned. An inscription appropriate to the oc- casion is beautifully engraved on each p? ? an artist whose workmanship would be ? ? high estimution in the mother country. T? ser- vice was purchased by Dr. Machattie at a trifling advance upon the cost price from the es- tablishment of Mr. Lamb, jeweller and ?- smith, of Sydney, at an expence, engraving in- cluded of nearly £100. Taken as a w? would of itself form a very handsome testimonial and is certainly superior in point of quality and appearance to anything we have seen in this dis- trict. BATHURST Stock Market.— Mr. R. ? sold on Wednesday the 15th day of February at the Black Bull Stock Market 13 head of hor- ses at the following prices:— 1 @ 26/, ? 5s. ; 1 @ 14/ 15s. ; 1 @ 14/; 1 @ 1o/? @ 10/ 5s. ; 1 @ 9/ 17s. 6d. ; 1@9/? 2s.6d. ; 1 @ 7/7s. ; 1 @ 5/11s ; 1 @ ? 1 @3/5s. 5 working bullocks 2 @ 6/ 5s ? 1 @5/5s. ; 2@ 5/ 2s 6d. each ; 6 cows ? calves, 1 @ 2/ 13s. ; 1 @ 2/ 12s. ; 1 @ 2/7 ? @ 2/each ; 1 @ 1/ 17s. ; 6 head mixed ? 7/7. PUBLIC BALL.— Notwithstanding the s? remark, uttered in a quarter from which ? things ought to have been expected about ? ap- proaching " two-penny hop," the public ? ? the Commercial Hotel, the other evening ? ? understand one of the most successful which ? took place in the district, whether in point of num- bers and respectability or in the excellent variety of the provision made by the spirited ? ess, Mrs. Whitton. An attempt was made ? ? first instance to effect what is termed a fu? ? the classes, but from causes into which ? ? very careless about enquiring it ? ? ed. At length the proprietress of the Commercial Hotel undertook upon her? ? responsibility the getting up of ? ? and succeeded beyond her most sanguine an- ticipations. Good music, excellant viands, cheerful company, not forgetting the ? character of the wines which gladdened the ? of the merry makers, assisted to sum up ? agreeable whole which it is contended will ? petition— by some once a quarter— others ? ? It is almost needless to say that " the light feet ? to " never tripped it more gaily in Bathurst ? the joyous throng entered more thoroughly ? the spirit of the dance. A number of ? were proposed and drunk most vociferously ? ladies and the hostess forming the pr? themes. The former found a gallant in Mr. Com- missioner Johnson who looked as if he ? have swam in the light of their eyes and ? poetry- to them to the end of time ? ? Mr. Somebody, did the responsive for ? lady of the house. The pale moon had ? lost her modest glories in the bright effugences ? the sun ere the last strains of music had ? away on the morning air, and the devotees ? pleasures of the occasion had wended ? way homewards to indulge in daylight slum- bers. A Mysterious Affair — A few days ago ? inhabitants of Peel and its neighbourhood ? considerably excited by the intelligence that ? person must have committed suicide near ? peaceable locality from the following susp? circumstances. A good black coat was ? buttoned to the trunk of a tree on a rising ? near the public road, and about a mile an ? ? from the village on the Turon side, a pair ? trowsers with a part of one of the legs, from ? knee down torn off, was picked up. Half ? cheese was found near the tree and around scattered a quantity of flour and the ? illegible scraps of a torn letter. A few yards ? from the tree two dogs remained stationary ? ? a coolie, but the , other imperfectly descr? Upon information, Serjeant Gates of the mounted patrol repaired to the place, who ? ? the strictest search in the adjacent creeks ? gullies, has as yet come upon no trail that lead to the discovery of the unfortunate pe? such there be who is supposed to have met ? a disastrous fate under the influence of temporary insanity or of delirium tremens. I was at firsr in- clined to consider the affair to be a hoax g? ? by some joker, but on mature reflction cannot un- derstand why the dogs should remain in the ? where they were found. A few days I hope ? solve the mystery. —Correspondent. 