EDUCATION Us official), NEW SOUTH W ALES. AND AMERICA. (From the Umpire ) The primary objection to the educational system of Scotland is, that it is a monopoly, which, Uko oil monopolies, fails to produce the best article, while it engrosses all the State nay. it is against this monopoly that the Rev. J. Cairns, of Boivvick, pleaded as follows: " Why sir and I or any other person, willing to devote his life to the service of the commonwealth in the capacity of teacher, to I'cjocUd at the gate, not upon Literary, but upon a Sjctttiihti ground? (Hear, hear) What is the language if the State at this day at the cdi'ca.elyoùlUof our country. You may become any of you the light and orna- ment of the pwitBsbn of teaching otlt.idti->¿¡ío again. -v.ho.ila-you may be the matter of text Used in half the «¡.».-i.'ii schools of Soot wings. "become rector of the fifth for Edinburgh Academy you may be or of Greek or humanity in the best ally of this land -, you may be a Royal sinner on education president of a coniiiii.s.'iiiii ; but into the humbler, shoot you dare not set your unhallowed 1 you have Miietiliul it at the threshold shibboleth of the confusion and the of ttibini-aiiin title parish church! UM) Wit st are we to think of a system would have forbidden Walker to english remained in a parish school, and v Murray English Grammar; which would have barred out that great 'Dominion' Samuel Johnson, who kept a school and called it an academy,' indicate the state the Silvio s of a S ot'.ish Dr. Arnold, had such a man miles outside the established church to quicken with the same electric spark the parish schools of the north, as the docatyhifj public schools of England V (Cheers.) Is it not time that See! land should lift up its voice against a; inequality, the injustice', the white of pow inseparable from such a system? Ball v have monopoly chut filled under the wing the christian church, which ought most of' ; to love the things the!, only just and equal Shall it be devoid ft on the hustings, drive from the of iiriioiihlritsiuto-b ok. drained Item the old union of the universities, to the a last long ring refuge in times i educational i' (.ti'iitloii.t for the multitude which ought i ha at first unexampled and the accepting, freedom ? (lien) The meeting'.; of this tea is response to the questions of the till" and ifitgav.'iw other purpose, it is most advantage gained by two one emphatically United ciiiitlemiiation of such a system. "We may differ on other p 'Ititi, but we are as mi man in denouncing the ("elusiveness of the: present system ; But if the present left, of the pit WIB 'books is only to be iiiiuwcd.i.nd mile movement is to be extended on the present narrow and restricted comes, we will not all met namely to go placing all outrage on a Social Justice," in regard to New South Wales, it can be said that this evil husaNsumi.il freshly lb i army those. To me in "a proper monopoly c education, and of the future pay it demands in the li India of all no body of roHgloiiUu To n eoiiíidtwbl'j extend our system bales w opposite insistence. The little islands are fairly given to a "national"" system, which showing. r, is any thing but nationals in the area of its application and dM-lopinent, for it obtains the mueller amount of the funds and is allowed to be otitihaUod by a system entirely mifi-atliiiiitl. The other division of the "time . grant is given to ( a finality system of religious bodies in number four, miles lands different or opposed In order to protect the total flow the neatly charge of lullgtoiiH favoritism. So far. certainly, monopoly cannot be (devoted, Yet Die whole t line on their souls not removed by their Ingcni'iiiii dot does build dnnoinJuit Illma and Related to the evaluation fall others; round them), with no pro. visions to the virtue of aged men in an (ii HIS tionllnioit, are lumped t inflict and plant in moist success in rivalry in the one system, which the tliivwiiiuotit ' licenses. to call" .Nittliin.il," title! but' which it is tiii»ll.lyiivii\vsupii'l'ii|'iHi'i!. And this form til' the iii>iiinp,'il,vls call it rallying fired by the applies. to the! li o sim i pi i m lot of' him; Lifted,:' I'll' shut it; all I'tuotli in t t'igi'.iiiltil' butter shipping (?) Chtiii'licH, and in the iii'iipi'iui.l dh India is' ill i Zaki trial PRICES to fulfill H d full 'g' s To li Hill's (lltJtTt'O, tlli'H finn 111 i di',!' I'llilll ff PM.'. Letters will hold good skins!. dim firelight HVtilitin of New South Wales as; well as against the display attentively of HCOUAIKI» And in the I meanwhile time to any other in] returns additions' to of, ifpotai'.lo, a still more formidable choice for. The denominational is s cm i outs its At li lived inn to State, support upon the protector oh friend i instincts in It in all acted to Hi a single monopoly of erection d, Cut' it into intends to 60 ever near me instill tor-, and he told religion, allot all the, loss of religion put faith in its support. but it has not that Leo inherent and sha i des Hslt- conMathet on It does not purpose to touch religion by propagating; the in 'it Enngonia! to doctrines It is simply a- lay st as a BJ item of attention, and it only falls to fulfil its promise that the New South Wales, system avows inherent antagonism as its merit It 11 acts as a virtue, things at once inculcates religion, and maintains religious doo lists which destroy each other. It gives its grants, not to what is common in the four tests, but to aid them in disseminating what is peculiar to each. layer if it give its support merely to what is common, it should bind them all over at once to it own " National" System as the condition on which alone they should obtain its aid. To p of lid religion, however, as the season of maintaining the present denominational system with State funds, it one of the most singular fallacies which event was assisted by attenuation. The very noting refutes itself. Meanwhile, it no more secures religious teachers, or teaching, than the SjotlUh single monopoly does. But the vtho!en»atter would be oasllyaetlled if the denominational advocates would consent to see with a single eye the fallacy we have just pointed out. As the case stands, it is religion which is made the apple of discord, for which, to change the metaphor, is made to. (low as an unfordable river without a bridge and without a ferry. "Education without religion is only fit to be execrated as most deceptive and dangerous the okigy are the religious instructors, and therefore education ought to be under their surveillance; and thus the education of a people must either be monopolised by the established church of the country, or it must be equally committed to the religious instructors of the various sects; and as it is the duty of the State to educate the people, it must be the duty of the State, in one or the other of the above modes, to provide for the teaching of religion and in doing this it will necessarily adopt special doctrines to inculcate, whether contradictory or not." Such is the substance of the argument by which the State becomes pledged to promote sectarian education. Let us now hear again Mr. Cairns, with whom, as we have already seen in the main agrees Dr. Guthrie: "The resolution which I have the honor to second, touches upon the delicate and debated question of religion in connection with the parish school. We admit that there is a difference among National Educationists, as to the mode of introducing it into the future system, but it asserts that all are agreed as to the necessity of religious instruction from some quarter, and that this agreement prevails throughout the community. As a Dissenter and a Volttnt try, then, I believe that the Government should refrain from all legislation on the religious department, and leave it in the hands of the parents, and those to which they may consider it. I believe that the events over all Scotland should be left to do cide Nvhothor they will continue the present religious bo As the Di bio and the shorter Oatjohism-whethor they will have religion taught at separate hours, and also by a Bona rate for - whether they will employ the schoolmaster exclusively or call in the aid of ministers of religion. On all these points I hold that Parliament has no right to legislate that fits limiting same right to recommend to Parliment to legislate, and that the day are ultimately lets with the people of Scot- land in their own primary assemblies. (An I Ia iFO ) All that Parliament has a right to do is to p other dissantionista from having any religious education forced upon them against that will, or any payment exacted for it without their content." We shall take the liberty of introducing here another extract or two from the speech of Mr. Chnm'-cra, of Glenormiston, referring to his recent visit to America: " 1 made enquiries," said Mr. Chambers, " had visited schools in Nova Scotia and Western Canada, and the States of Malta chaplets, Rhode Island, Now Yolk, and Penn sylvan in each of these, as well as in other quarters, the system slightly differs; but it may be said to have even where one or two leading principles, in which all are agreed. Til: s age-First, the estildiihincnt of schools open to the children of all sects, and in which the denominational terms are suffered to be taught. S coud-schoolmasters selected for their qualifications as teachers, without regard to sect or party. Third, the tchoolVuTo under the charge of loeiltiustjcg. within lovy assets men's for their supnotV according to certain statutory regular if'..,. Fourth there are gone all BUpctir.tr"i','iLt3and head said of management. 'through whose exertions the system is kept at a certain standard of efficiency. Fifth, the cduedhn is for the greater part from), or at most very small fescue changed. Last i fall, the clergy in their car p irate capacity have no title to interfere, and it is only as elected trustees or managers that they can examine any To-day influence. In Western Canada, I found the system of common schools on this plan working with good tilted, and all seemed to be satisfied with it. It is the that the Rev. Dr. Ryerson, the superintendent who is at the hold of a gun'. Normal institution in Toronto, has been at Delayed by misty clergymen on the score Out no doctrinal religion is taught in the schools; but h J line ably defended the system, by pointing to that passage in the House; of Coin and of Prayer, which, makes it the duty of ci r mind to watch children The Cited,¡MU of the Church, of time for teachers in schools to do this would be to usurp the functions delegated to the ministers of religion." After such a r presentation from ro into In give a quarter, rally it can no longer appear betrothal the religious question is at Instil mountable obstacle to the union of the whole force of a State in a common (educational enterprise. But we will quote again, and Mille;- our readers to make chairman collections for the present, as our limits will not pot and us to enlarge. The extract is long ' it not too lDinr far the price Mr we have in view Isis IIIAIII. worthy of attention on every ground. We shall request our readers to bear Ilusa ex trucks in mind. "It is however, in enriches us that w B'otln an atom tain d to the fullest in a Thomas canvas 1 d12, ho I'llgiltu raisin I a id me At ent 'icing the tslalillähmtnt i i i t lit than has latterly, till) tell me of public nihtiuettin has been greatly extended 114 minion ii attemped the (t 760 000, ther WHO 1 this school with his 000 pupils on th milk for; one in the of the pipe is in 1 Kime of the children not withdrawn III white! and round in summer, as is the case 111 B old Till I, but they are 1,11 11 School during A CI t in portion of tin MAI Op mons, will side as to the top bar of giving illicitly free but it strikes me as a ten fine feature, that I Ma fachusfttB, nswdlnHinothui New England States education is the birthright of our, church The sale 1 iii! down is, that But Com in in li Highway is not more free to all than Miall h the coming 1 school And this extraordinary liberality is not 1 online d to me 10 elemental; teaching Children who can bear an ox am I nation, got in educate n, mt and up, through natural angle so that they did not the poorest man may really K t lbs best cows go education for nothing -This was made very conspicuous' to me in the city of New York, in which with a population of 1500 000, as much as "I£.1,000 in front on public education. Tin Kitto A and of that it is an Institution resembling our High School, but with you I branches of li Amby?, and it is more Uro in college than a school In that Institution Torowoto about 700 hot-wind of them had stood the proper examination at entry. Well, making these I ida, nil equally well clean!, throwers no fewer than 21 who were the road opened it, and whose and, of course, was the highest p nfnasloita I saw the Mines thing in Though aphis, and, speaking of that city,, I am bound to say, as H gas (IN the schools gone divines 1 build such decorum anjVilkio. I had, went 011' of the H hool, out) in one M A' list is 11 di HW into-! room habits of ticket Hld j' 0 I old 1 is ing at last 1 it is in us a 10 it has] (ultimo mining and lining Alti){(tli r, that credit Inn it indication in tim but s was most The ii g TI 0 (hugoItionght again > is he that it is pure h nt 1 him that is not quite omit 1 1 most of (his hoofs the landing I thought Is begin 01 trains with injuring the Land's PAVY), 01 in trading uchip'utot the Bible, and its inns are very generally' sung, S) far right in is in overs 1 line b tone this point generally concern d It nil Causes there is no telling-, resting tion Do not however in no tin thousands n rial wedtoyovt up a real line of doctor n had you as it light It di ancient den 111111 t rt X list of civil j among s es to li ivo the 1 ghost and I s taught w- ill ith i clio 1 of course the ci i pt of religion has been a cry nude figure at the M is ac' tells system of educa t n, f i unions is no pi sent? oMiybod) but it has been shown by a careful analysis that of all the children on the soil of those intention to move 10 per cent are at Sunday) evening schools, receiving, the elements of doe not' Instruction . There is only one other point I shall advert to The great difficulty in this country is to get parents to send their children to school J. hoy allow them to go about as beggars and vagrants, so as to become a pest to society In Mkisachusolts this is remedied by laws against truant N Pianta who has , t daily neglect sending their children to school at o liable to punishment They are not come ' pelled to send them to the common schools, but to some school they must go, unless a proper excuse can be shown to the contrary. Nothing can exceed the solicitude of the State to have all the children educated They feel that education is one cessity of the condition for Ignorance would lead to anarchy, revolution, and despotism 