rati LONDON PULPIT. fBv an eve witness.) THE IHVINGITES, A*f days of Pentecost gone never to istwu T Have miracles ceased from amongst ifcD t*~ ,cw?ot eigne end wonders still be wrought by men filled with the Holy Ghost ? •The larger part of the Christian Church an swers this question in the negative. It teaches tfea! the miracles are dumb, that the need of j$«mi has part away, that in the fulness °f time the ijiyine will was made known, and that the Church needs not now the signs and wonders by which that revelation yraa at tested and declared. A large body, however, baa lately sprung up ejuongst us holding op posite yiews; enter their churches, and, ac cording tp them, the gift pf tongues still ftujstfi signs and wonders are still manifest, miracles are still wrought. Still, as niuch as in Apostolic times <Jpps the divine afflatus dwell in man, and the mem so endued becomes a prophet, and declares the will of God in an nwmqwp town* y»r SRmg t'me past, a magnificent Gothic Gathedral has been in process of being built ip Gftt dqn-square- Jt stands whce once ateujlpQWftrd College, and where still stands University ijall, a Unitarian College; and pot far from the University College, which a cgptfip ex-Uord-Chancellor togk under his fspfQtal Ogre. Pn Christmas-day, it was fhjfftirp oppq for the performance of the wor «Wp of ii the Poly Catholic Apostolic a body better, perhaps, known to the community at Isrge as JrvingUef, or fol lowfrs pf Udwprd Irving. Originally, I bf lifffe, thp sect sprang up in Scotland, and Jugrftfd frying merely joined it, and the form of warship whjch now prevails was not iuljy ?»tebj»hc4 till after hi? dpath. . After Irving ,. If ft th« Scotch Church the bqdy took refuge in Kewmw-street, grberg they hare remained tjll the present megnifipent place was opened. '£hfl?e are to be seven cathedrals in London, mti cf'h^rai if t° h»ye four places of wor ship gttached to jt; and to each service in a sgthwrnl' aRneirtam en evangelist, an •PO#M0» f prophet and fit *np!- The angel it thf presiding spirit, an ayostle seems to be irbst f S^PPP 'f iplbe English church- There il an PBfifUe for England, eptjther fof France, §po|heRf?r AmcriTa, &nd; fnathgr for Ger many. I'o every cathedral there are twepty IpUr ft^iepLts. £he angel i? magnificently clad igpnrplfi, tha sign of authority. The next gfder, $he prophets, weer blpe stoles, indi e|fcivf pf the shies whence they draw their inspiration. The Evangelists wear red pa a fign of their readiness to shecf their bipod in the pause. The Ggthe Aral Is well Mended, npwar4? 9( 1Q0O cpmT municants are connected with it. Service tax£§ place in it several rimes a day, and on ^he Sunday evening a sprmpn is preached, which is intended* to enlighten and to win over such fbe jqhurcji. Many '"waffffit"Mpvie Wse the Maeddnald; flThile fva^pa^dhi ami Lady An tlfopq.;; [are anippgst Its mettjbets. :' j&eriry; foe ec^ptrfo 5f.j. for" |ja$t Surrey,, Rajs the credit of befog, connected ivith thfe plsee, but while:% is trv(e thaf be is »6 Irviasite* it jxnpt, trqe tlfoibwisanoffififr heart* of the church. Those whpjoin foe church offer a tenth aJ tbeie aaatn&l; iaeome towards its suaport, and this promise. it is ber Iieved, year after year is faith!ally kept. The Gkfoedfctl itself is/att evidence of the liberality of tire people. Attached to the ehareh is a small, bnt very elegant chapel, which is to be used on rare occasions, and which was raised by the ladies who contributed the munificent sum pf £4000 in aid qf the work, The chief beauty, qf the church, bewgver, is the altgr. which is carved oat of all sorts of cq|qured marble, and is superhly decorated. The ser vice-boob. put iu your hands is called "The Liturgy and divine offices of the Church/' but I do not learn from the members of the body that they think themselves exclusively the church, and that there is no salvation out of their pafe. They merely profess to be one portion of the church, to take within their compiehensive fold members of all other charches, and this to a very considerable ex tent has been the case. Tbe Irvingites have taken their converts not from the world, but the church. They have made proselytes, not i hristians ; the members of other churches have come over to them. Iu their ranks are many dissenters and churchmen, and amongst their priests are many who have been clergy men in connection with the Dissenters or the Ghurch of England. They profess to be above the common distinction by which $ept is fenced off from sect-—Catholic and Protestant come alike to them* The Liturgy appears to be compiled from the ritua|s of the Greek, Anglican, and Roman Churches, with a slight preponderance to the latter- The apostle cf the church is Mr John Cardall, formerly a lawyer's clerk, but called to his present office, as he himself states, about twenty years agp, by the voice of prophecy. This call is acknowledged by the community. He rules the whole body with irresponsible authority. He is the final appeal. On his decision everything rests. He claims spiritual pre-eminence over not only the churches in his own communion, but over all thq Churches of all baptised Christians throughout the world, nay, over dll bishops, priests, and deacons, Anglican, Greek, Qr Roman, not excepting even the Tope himself. The Liturgy and Service Book is understood to be bis compilation. He has also published a work entitled " Readings upon the Liturgy," which is privately circulated, and is said by those who have seen it to be an interesting and peculiar book, abounding in the inter pretations of the symbols and types of the Old Testament, aud an ingenious endeavour to adapt them to the purposes of the Christian Church at the present day. In the Ipturgy, besides what is found in that of the English Church, there are prayers for the dead, iuvo-1 cation of saints, transubstantiation, the autho rity of the Church. The power of the priest hood, and the existence of actual living apostles tp rule the Church universal are acknowledged and enjoined- The chief minister of the Church, or, as he is called, the angel or bishop, is Mr Christopher Heath, who for many years carried on business in the neigh bourhood of the Seven Dials, and who for some time was extensively engaged in the j bone trade. He was also called miraculously to his present post, which realises, it is said, to him, somewhere about fifteen hundred a-year. The other ministers, of whom there are a vast number, are all well paid for their services, on an average much better than many London incumbents. Several of them have been military men; they are not formally educated for their work, but called to it. They are apt man-made ministers—they claim a divine sanc tion and power. Nor are they taken from the well-educated classes. They assert that the spirit may qualify any man, no matter how humble his occupation or birth. Some ofj them, I am told, have been tailors, tinkers, shoemakers, barbers, but are now filled with divine light, and may do the signs and wonders done by the apostles in an earlier dav. With apostolic pretensions, these men are careless of apostolic simplicity. They must meet, not in an upper room, but in a gordeous cathedral; they must array themselves in grotesque gar ments ; they must have tapers and iilcense— Roman Catholic forms and cermonies. One would have thought that the name of Edward Irving would have been kept free from such things; that his followers would have been above them,; that they would as much as most realise the spirituality of Him who dwells not in houses made with hands, and whose temple is the lowly and contrite heart. Genius like Irving's would have lent grandeur to a barn, and now the master is gone, and having no more an orator to enchant them, the church worships in fretted aisles—treads mosaic pavements—rejoices in fine music and elaborate ceremonial. Thus always is it; wbeu nature fails, men have recourse to art. We have no actors now, but, instead, we have a stage splendidly ; decorated, regardless of | expense. We put Shakspere on the stage ip a way that would astonish Shakspere himself— but we have no Shakspere. Is not this a sign of weakness ? When a beauty betakes her self to jewellery and invests herself with bor rowed graces, is it not a sign that Time i« dealing in his old-fashioned cruel way with the rose upon her lip and the lustre in her eye, and is it not so with the Irvingite Church ? Is not its pomp and splendour a sign that it is not go rich in apostolic gifts as it claims to be ? Paul 1 think would hardly feel himself at home in Gordon-square.— Weekly New an4 Chronicle. 