REVIEW. (From the Examiner, March 1.) Letters and Papers of the Verney Family, down to the End of the Year 1639. From the Origi- nal MSS. in the possession of Sir Harry Verney, Bart. Edited by John Bruce, Esq. Printed for the Camden Society. In the monument room of Claydon House, in the County of Bucks, there is a most valuable assemblage of documents connected with tho lives of departed mem- bers of the Verney family. These docu- ments have been examined with great care by Mr. Bruce ; a selection has been made of papers, or points in papers, which proved to be especially indicative of past events and manners ; the stories of the old Verneys have been reproduced out of the material thus left under their own hands and seals ; and the period of English his- tory, political and social, illustrated by that portion of them in the volume before us, extends over almost two centuries, beginning in the middle of the fifteenth. It is one of the best edited books, and in all respects most creditable to the society which produces it, that we have ever seen. It is not thrust in any crude or undigested mass before the public. Throughout it, due care has been taken to throw light from without, on matters that were in themselves not clear. A piece of Verney history has thus been built up, in which, although the old times are left to speak very much for themselves, they are made to speak in an instructed way. They address themselves to our wants, tell us only what we wish to hear, and at the same time tell it to us, thanks to Mr. Bruce, as if directly from the pen of the historian. The volume is not a mere mass of raw material. It is not a heap of bones, but a well-articulated skeleton ; if with any propriety we may apply the latter phrase to what is more clearly a re-production of the true old flesh and blood forms. We could scarcely name an antiquary of the present day who combines so thoroughly, as Mr. Bruce does, the possession of accurate knowledge with a power of presenting it divested of all that is merely dry and re- pulsive, for the amusement and instruction of his readers. He is an antiquary with- out his dust, studying the past with a true feeling, not for the sake of stones and other substances that remain out of it, but for the sake of the spirit that was in it. Ghosts of departed Verneys, Verney the Lord Mayor, Verney the dashing pirate, Verney the father of a family, and the rest of them, start out before us in obedience to his skilful touch ; and we not only find out what they were themselves like, but we are told by them also many secrets of the days in which they had their pleasure. In short, the material facts and illustrations for the first time contributed through this volume to English history are in number considerable ; and we owe to the Camden Society a book not only curious and agree- able in itself, but at the same time histori- cally important. The first thing noticeable about the Verneys is their sinful propensity towards a vice into which most families fall, the eternal re-production of the same Chris- tian names. The sentiment of such a habit is not very deep ; sense in it there is none. It is a mere habit, and we strongly suspect that it had its origin rather in what Mr. Willett, senior, would have called want of imagination, than in feeling. The confusion caused by the prac- tice whenever families addicted to it have to be written about, is really irri- tating. Here we have at the beginning of the thirteenth century Ralph de Verney, who had sons John and Ralph ; John had another son Ralph, who had the sense to christen his son Robert. Robert had a son John, who had another son John, who had sons John and Edward, Edward had a son Ralph, who had another son Ralph, who is the Ralph with which the detailed narrative of the book properly begins. This Ralph had a son John and a son Ralph. John had sons Ralph and John, and Ralph had a son John. Ralph, the son of John, had a son Ralph. This son Ralph christened his oldest son Edmund, the second was a John, who died. The idea of Edmund having been struck out, the usual conse- quences followed. Edmund called his son Edmund, who had sons Ralph, Ed- mund, and John ; and Ralph again called his son Edmund. We beg respectfully to present this specimen of nomenclature to all worthy families, who hope that they may some day produce a scion able to make his pedi- gree in any degree interesting to the world. How is the memory to be charged with the retention of a distinct sense of the individuality of any one person in a conglomerate like this of Edmunds, Ralphs, and Johns ? The file before us here is led by the august person whom Mr. Bruce very pro- perly and sufficiently distinguishes as Sir Ralph Verney the Lord Mayor ; there has been but one Lord Mayor in the family, although there may have been millions of Ralphs. Sir Ralph was Mayor in the year 1465, a few years after the accession of Edward IV., by whom he had been made the first knight of his family, as one of the twelve citizens es- pecially distinguished for their zeal on behalf of the White Rose. Sir Ralph lived in the ward of Cheap, in the parish of St. Martin, in Ironmonger lane. His parish church was called St. Martin's Pomary, for even down to the reign of Elizabeth there were large void places on the north side of Cheapside, the sites of ancient apple orchards. Sir Ralph the Mayor, though not residing on his family estate of Fleetmarston, looked after the family interests. He made money, and in due time became a member of Parlia- ment. The eldest son of this friend of the White Rose, John Verney, married the daughter of a stout supporter of the Red Rose interests, Margaret, daughter of Sir Robert Whittingham. She was an heiress ; and would inherit Penley and other places, but Sir Robert's Lancastrian cause failing, he was attainted, and his estates being con- fiscated, were divided between Richard Duke of Gloucester and Sir Thomas Montgomery. John Verney and his wife Margaret, however, did their best to recover these inheritances, and the old citizen Sir Ralph worked with them also in his own astute way. They obtained reversal of the order of confiscation both from a Yorkist and from a Lancastrian parliament, but no bill or law could oust the strong men in possession. Father Ralph and son John worked, nevertheless, very carefully and perseveringly for the recovery of Margaret's estates ; and as Sir Thomas Montgomery happened to die childless, the reversion of the greater part of them was finally obtained, and Penley added to the family possessions. It is wonderful what a vivid and intimate know- ledge of the time, such as no formal his- tory contains for us, we get from the transactions. Ralph the Mayor, we must add, also bought the manor and advowson of Middle Claydon. And when Ralph the Mayor died, in his will, like a good citizen he liberally provided donations to the poor and needy prisoners in London. He also bequeathed to the mending and repairing of foul and ruinous ways, which could be thought by the discretion of his executors to be most noyous about the City of London, twenty pounds ; and he left ten pounds for road mending in his country neighbourhood of Aylesbury and Fleet- marston. Ralph the Mayor had decid- edly something sanitary and sensible about him. After him, his elder son, the John already mentioned, became knighted, and lived as a country gentleman on his es- tates. His second son, another Ralph, we must call Ralph the Courtier. He be- came attached to the Court, and marrying Eleanor Pole, aunt to Cardinal Pole, and kinswoman to Henry VII., was afterwards connected intimately with the domestic affairs of Royal persons. The family story and its documents, so far, have illustrated the condition of society during the war of the Roses. We have drawn from them the characters and modes of life of the citizen partisan, the gentleman partisan, and the gentleman who litigates and plots his way through all the confusion of the time to come by his own in thr teeth of adverse circumstances. But Sir Ralph the Courtier and his wife leave us memorials of another phase of past society. Lady Verney was attached to the household of Queen Elizabeth of York. She was thr Queen's friend, with a salary to twenty pounds a year. We find her lending twenty shillings to her Majesty advancing three-and-four-pence for a royal alms, and rewarding, with a like sum on Her Majesty's account, Robert Fyll, the King's painter. And John Reynold, another artist, is entered by this lady as having received ten shillings "for making (that is, painting) of divers beasts and other pleasures for the Queen at Windsor." Sir Ralph afterwards became Chamberlain to the Princess Margaret, eldest daughter of Henry VII., and went with her to Scotland on the occasion of her marriage with James IV. He was Chamberlain next to the Princess Mary. Here we drop Ralph the Courtier, and also his elder brother John, who died re- spectably, and was succeeded by his older son, Sir Ralph, who is called Sir Ralph the younger. He was three times married and became rich in gowns. He be- queathed to his third wife his moveable goods in London, except the gowns of dame Anne, his second wife. Those magnificent machines he ordered to be made into priests vestments, and to be bestowed on churches at the discretion of his executors. Gowns must then have been really machines. Mr Bruce gives us one or two items respect- ing them from the privy purse expense of Elizabeth of York ; as, for example, " Item for conveying all the queues lyned gownys from Westminster to London by water, and for men's labour that bare the same gownys to the water and from the water, vd." Of Sir Ralph the Courtier we may ob- serve, before we quit him, that his place of burial is here put beyond doubt. His is the tomb in the church of King's Langley which has been hitherto considered as be- longing to Piers Gaveston. The son of Ralph the Younger was another Ralph whom we may call Ralph the Poorly. He had not good health, and died at the age of thirty-seven. He it was who, through marrying the daughter of Edmund Lord Bray, was led to christen his first son Edmund, and so bring a new name as a new inheritance into the family. Dying young, this Ralph the Poorly left a large family of young children in charge of a mother who was not restrained by them from taking three more husbands in succession. Edmund the eldest son mar- ried nevertheless very prudently, while still young ; his wife being Dorothy Peck- ham, who soon died. Edmund remained closely connected with the Peckham family ; and we soon find Peckhams and Verneys implicated in Dudley's conspiracy, a fragment of English history of which a full and careful study for the first time ap- pears as not the least important feature in the valuable publication before us. The Edmund Verney last mentioned, losing his wife in her first childbirth, died without issue, and was succeeded by the next surviving brother, also an Edmund —Sir Edmund—who married three times. We may as well look at his picture. There is an original three-quarters panel por- trait of Sir Edmund at Claydon. It represents him at the age of 59, florid and healthy, of light complexion and with blue eyes ; a man of shrewd- ness and determination. His costume is in the well-known fashion of the close of the reign of Elizabeth. A doublet of rich thick silk brocade profusely ornamented with gold braid fits tightly to his body; a magnificent ruff, rendered inflexi- ble by what Stubbs contemptuously de- signates " the liquid matter which they call starch," envelopes his neck ; a heavy triple- chain of gold hangs in a swoop from shoulder to shoulder ; both hands are ornamented by rings ; on his head is the black silk conical cup worn only by men of mature age. Belonging to this period we have at this point of the narrative an agreement touch- ing the purveyance of provisions, and a very interesting paper of "Directions for the management of the poor," contributed by Mr. Grenville Pigott ; an important illustration of the poor-law act of the reign of Elizabeth. We have also an agreement concerning sailcloths, which is prefaced by a note containing information that is not only new, but is particularly interesting at a time when we are dwelling with unusual emphasis upon the glory of our English fleet. The eldest son of the first Sir Edmund Verney was Sir Francis, the family scamp. He became involved in a dispute with his stepmother, and also fell in debt ; sold off all the estates that came into his keeping ; and finally went to Barbary with some bold English blades, who, for the sake of fighting, joined in the war of succession following the death of Muley Hamet, Emperor of Morocco. He also became associated with Captain John Ward as a pirate. Here is the conclusion to his story :— Of Sir Francis Verney's individual exploits we know nothing ; but there is no reason to doubt that being in Barbary, in connection with the pirates, for several years, he took his share in whatever warlike actions, either by sea or land, were then in progress amongst them. A turban, two superb silk pelisses, and two pair of Turkish slippers, which are still preserved at Claydon house, are evidences that he adopted the costume of the country ; whilst his pilgrim's staff, conspicuously inlaid with crosses seems to show that he did not commit the unnecessary and improbable offence of becom- ing a renegade. An abandonment of Christianity was not required of those who betook themselves voluntarily to Tunis or Algiers, although, un- questionably, a necessary preliminary to entering into the service of the state itself. 'A life so reckless, and accompanied by the heavy load of repentant heartache which Sir Francis must, at all times, have borne about with him, could not last long. On the 25th August, 1615, he applied at the great hospital of St. Mary of Pity, in Messina, for admittance. How he came thither, whether he was dropped by a cruiser passing through the straits in the course of a piratical voyage, or was conveyed across from Tunis for the sake of Christian advice and com- fort, is not entered in the brief register of the hospital. All that is there stated is that he was sick, and that they took him in. The same book further intimates, with formal brevity, that his sickness was mortal :—" On the sixth September, in the same year, after the birth or Christ, 1615, he died in the said hospital." Where he was buried is not stated ; doubtless in some common and undistinguished grave. Four months after- wards, a very formal certificate of his decease was obtained from the authorities at Messina, by John Watchin, an English merchant, and, with it the relics we have before mentioned, together with three well-used walking sticks of cane, and probably also a ring, which we shall have again to notice, were remitted to his friends in Eng- land. A very fine full-length portrait, at Claydon, represents him of a florid complexion, with auburn hair, a clear quick eye, and a countenance full of spirit and intelligence. He is dressed in the cos- tume of a gallant of the time. His well trimmed moustache and peaked beard, his nicely quilled ruff, striped Spanish jerkin, trunk hose with puffs of riband at the knees, long silk hose, loose boots of light brown leather with high heels and richly ornamented spurs, embroidered gauntlet gloves, and plume of feathers in his beaver, are indications of the man of fashion, no less clear than the smart gilt cane which he carries in his right hand, the two ends painted black. The identical cane is preserved at Claydon, and is now suspended under the portrait. All this, it may be observed, is very amusing as well as very instructive ; and both the amusement and the instruction, increase ; from this point onward. By the death of this Sir Francis, his half-brother, another Edmund, becomes head of the family, and we find him in 1613 Gentle- man of the Privy Chamber to Prince Charles. We have a pleasant account of the journey in Prince Charles's wake to Spain, about the business of the Spanish marriage ; and we must regret that want of space obliges us to be content with recording the delight of the Englishmen when they got back to Weymouth, and within two hours were rejoicing "in sweet England," over a dinner which "had more meat in it than we had seen in two hundred miles riding." This Sir Edmund's London residence was in Drury lane ; and of the reign of Charles I. his papers contain a great num- ber of the most interesting and important illustrations contained in the volume. They refer among other things to the assessment upon Hampden, to the subjects of coat and conduct money, the billeting of soldiers and the oppressions of the Court of Wards, to Star- chamber cruelties, to the persecu- tions of Archbishop Laud, to forest-law grievances, and to the subject of mono- polies, in which the Verneys took a strong and personal interest. They find the idea of a hackney-coach patent long on foot. A Ralph Verney who next appears upon the scene may be called Ralph the Methodical. From an early period Ralph Verney exhibited in relation to his correspondence all the most marked characteristics of a methodical and careful nature. Every letter he received, even the most trifling, was duly endorsed and put away, whilst the blotted original draughts of the letters he wrote, all preserved with equally scrupulous care, exhi- bit, in their alterations and transpositions, the curious pains with which he laboured to attain the pedantic style which was the epistolary fashion, or rather the epistolary vice, of the period. His heavy compliments and conceits, hammered out with persevering study, were great favourites with himself, and, such was his forethought as a correspondent, that he amused himself in framing letters which might be ready upon certain possible contingencies. One of these, written with the greatest care, and overflowing with compliments the most refined, remains among the vast mass of his correspondence, a monument of the writer's superabundant prudence, with the significant me- morandum underwritten, "This was never writ to anybody." Great is the use of such a man, and in- finite the diversity of information which we owe to his tape-loving habits. And there are other Verneys. There is a Thomas Verney who goes to Barbadoes, and there is the Sir Edmund Verney who attended the King in his expedition against the Scottish Covenanters, whose letters are invaluable to all students of that por- tion of our history. But for the present we must reserve further remark on a volume whose con- tents have an interest, variety, and impor- tance that would justify the devotion of many articles to it. All readers of it will, we are sure, look most earnestly for a con- tinuation of the series. A valuable mass of papers yet remains unedited, by which the Verney history may be brought down to a still later time, and we trust that Mr. Bruce will he not disinclined to complete the task which has been thus far so well and thoroughly performed. 