¡ MISCELLANEA. ; TUE BEAUTY OF TUG DYING LEAF.-As the tissues or cells ! are gradually clogged hy particles which cannot pass away, the ,' circulation ol' the sap is-hindered before it becomes finally stopped, i Hence the leaves perform, their allotted functions at first most im- j ? perfectly, before they finally cease. This derangement introduces : a chemical change, and, probably, according to the nature of the acid generated, or of the fluid it meets with, so is the colour of the leaf. It is considered that light also has much to do with the che- I : mica! alteration in the green colouring matter. The beautiful j green of the chlorophyll is transformed in the leaf of the Virginian ' creeper, of the sumach, of the ribes, and of the vine, into red. In ! the beech tree and the maple, we admire the orange ; in the wood- ; !. hine, the blue ; in the cornell tree, the purple ; and in the lilac, \ the black. In the lofty elm tree, the yellow makes its beauteous j ¡ appearance-; while in the British oak, we behold an emblem of j ! greater durability in the bright shade of the brown. One remark- ! ' able phenomenon must not be overlooked. The colour of the j ! leaves in autumn frequently answers to that of the fruit borne. | 1 Thus, while vines which bear blue grapes, have red leaves, such as ¡ j bear white grapes have generally yellow leaves. There is no re I lation between the colour of the flower and that of the autumnal ; leaf. j BOOTH, the tragedian, had the misfortune to have, his nose . broken by Tom Flynn. A lady said to him, " I like your acting and beautiful reading, Mr. Booth, but I cannot get over your nose!"' "No wonder, madam," replied he; "the bridge has i gone!" i NAW METHOD O.F P'ROI'AGATING"PLANTS.-At a late meet- ing of the Royal Society, a paper was read " On a new method of propagating plants," by Mr. E. J". Lowe, -F. ll. A. S, The author states that the experiment of a new method of propagating plants has been-so successful that he luis thought it desirable to commu- nicate its results to-the Royal Society, for the guidance, of thosa who are interested, in the advance, of horticulture; It had occurred to him. that if a cutting of a plant were sealed, at the base, so as to exclude the moisture of the soil from ascending, the stem in in- jurious quantities, the method of striking cuttings, of .most species of plants would not be so precarious a process as at present, and accordingly some collodion was obtained in order to make the ex- periment; With respect to this new process, he states that imme- diately upon the cutting bein-.r severed from the parent stem-the collodion was applied to the wound!, and then left a few seconds to dry, after which the cuttings were pitted in the ordinary manner To test the value, of this new process more effectually, duplicates of all the species.experimented upon were at the same time similarly planted, without the collodion being applied'to them. Thus out of 131 cuttings to which collodion was applied, 86-took root, and. out of the same number to which collodion was not applied only 42 took root. This experiment the author considers speaks for itself. Notwithstanding the season, being too far advanced for the full benefit of the process to be thoroughly observed, still twice as* many cuttings took root treated by the íiewmethod as had rooted' by the old. The mortality in the open ground was increased by slugs having, eaten some of the cuttings above the ground; those thus damaged were examined after they had been in the ground for a month, and'it was found that the collodion-was quite as sound as when first applied. It would therefore appear that the collodion seals the wound of the cutting, and protects it from'the fatal effects of damp, until the roots ar-j prepared to force their way throuüh the covering of gun cotton:-Agricultural Magazine. ARTIFICIAL FLOWER-MAKING.-Artificial-flower-making is not' an insignificant trade. An inquiry was made into the industrial statistics of Paris in 184-7, which lets us into a little secret in this matter. The total manufacture of cambric flowers in that year was prodigious, amounting in value to more than £400,000 ster.. ling; We, in England, only took £12,000 of this value ; for we pnde'ou-rselves on being able to make our own artificial flowers. The cambric, muslin, gauze, velvet, silk, and other materials pro- cured from St. Etienne, St. Quentin, and Lyons ; the dyes and colours were prepared expressly for the purpose by manufacturing chemists ; the buds, leaves, petals,- stamens, pistils; and other com- ponent parts, were made in small workshops- by persons who each-' attended to- only one part of a flower ; while the whole were fitted' together in other workshops. Even these workshops were fre- quently limited to one kind of flower each; so completely is the division of labour carried out. There were about 50 small manu- facturers of petals and stamens-) and other component parts, em ploying "about 504 persons; while there were nearly GOO dealers-or" vendors, who employed nearly ó'OOO persons in-building up the va- ' rious integers into whole g'roups of flowers. Of this immense number of persons, about 5000 were women, whose average earn- ings was estimated at ls. 9d. a- day. Several of the manufacturers effect sales to the amount of £10,000 a year each. We must, therefore, regard French flower manufacturers as commercial men of notable import.- Ibid. DISCOVERY IN BREAD MAKING.-Considerable sensation has been created by the announcement of a discovery which, if real, is almost miraculous. A person in Paris is said to have discovered a process of making bread in-such a way as to cost only 19 centimes ? the 41b. loaf, or rather less than-one sou peril).- Ile has made several loaves for the Government, anti for scientific individuals. It is white, glutinous, and appears principally to be made from wheaten flour. The inventor, who has- taken out a pateut, but." keeps the process to himself, asserts that the economy is in the process, and is not obtained hythe admixture of inferior sub- stances. Indeed there is-no farinaceous substance sufficiently low priced now foi bread to be made from it at one- sou per lb. It is - possible that there may be less gluten in the bread made by this process than inthat sol tl-by the bakers; the nutritious properties " are not 10- per cent at the outside less than the regular baker's '. bread-; whereas} the economy in' price is four-fifths. The state- ment of the inventor appears incredible; but he has offered to . prove the reality of his announcement; and is in treaty with the Government for the sale of his secret. THE WILD HORSE.-In the steppes of Russia it is not rare to see a two-year old colt rush singly to attack a band of five or six wolves kill one or two of them, lame the rest, and spread the terror of his name throughout the country. The wild horse strikes with ? his fore feet, like the stag, and not with his hind legs as is popu- larly believed. He draws- himself up to his full height against his . enemy, pounds him between his murderous pestles,, then seizes him between the shoulders with his formidable incisors, and tosses him to his mares to make sport'for themselves and their offspring. POULTRY AND EGGS.-Fowls like the warm-southern aspect where they can huddle together in the sun during the middle of the clay. Provide them such a place and plenty of food, such as corn, barley, wheat, cobmeal, mixed with scalding" water or hot potatoes, with occasional feeds of the flesh of young calves, plucks of sheep, and constant access to pure water, gravel, old mortar, oyster or clam shells, and bones, all brokeu finely, and.they will' yield eggs in abundance through the cold weatheiv A NORWEGIAN CHRISTMAS CUSTOM:-One of the prettiest of Christmas customs is the Norwegian practice of giving, on Christ- mas day, a dinner- to the- birds. On Christmas morning, every gable, gateway, or barn-door is decorated with a sheaf of corn fixed on the top of a tall pole, wherefrom it is .intended that the birds shall make their Christmas dinner. Even the peasants will contrive to have a handful set by for this puipose, and what tl"e birds db not eaton Christmas day remains for them to finish at. their leisure during the winter. DIVISION OF LADOUR.--A certain-preacher was holding forth to a somewhat wearied congregation, when he lifted up his eyes to ; the gallery, and beheld a youngster peking the peoplevbelow with i cliesnuts. Dominie was about to administer ex cathedra a sharp. \ and stringent reprimand for this flagrant act of impiety and dis- respect, but tlie youth anticipating him, bawled out at the top of j his voice.-" Ton mind your preaching, daddy, and I'll keep 'em i awake." ! BON MOT OF DR. BROWN.-The celebrated Dr. Brown courted j a young lady for many years but unsuccessfully, during which time i i: had bf en his custom lo drink the lady's health before that of any other. But being observed one evening to omit, a gentlem'an r - minded him of it, and said " Come, Doctor, drink the lady your toast." The Dr. replied, " I have toasted her many.years, and I cannot make her Brown-so I'll toast her no longer." A GREAT CALF.-Sir Wm. Bond being at a parish meeting, made some, proposals which were objected to by a farmer. Highly enraged, " Sir," said he to the farmer, " do you. know that I have been at two universities, and at two colleges at each university ? " " Well, Sir," said the farmer, " what of that ? I had a calf that sucked two cows, and the observation I made was, the more he sucked, the greater calf he grew.'.'-Home Circle^ .vNiL DESPERANDUM.-No, never! Every cloud has a silver lining; and He who wove it knows when to turn it out. So, -after every night, however loi.g or dark, there shall yet come a golden morning. Your noblest powers are never developed in prosperity. Any. bark may Mide in smooth water, with a favouring gale; but that is a brave skilful oarsman who rows up stream, against the current, with adverse winds, and no cheering voice to wish him " God speed !" Keep your head above the wave ; lc t neither sul- len despair, or weak vacillation, drag you under. Heed not the 1 poisoned arrow of sneaking treachety, that whizzes past you from . the shore. Judas sold himself when .he sold his master; and for him there dawned no resurrection morning! 'Tis glorious to battle on with a brave heart, while cowering pusillanimity turns tremb- ling back. Dream not of the word " surrender ! " When one frail human reed after another breaks or benda beneath you, lean on the " Rock of Ages." The Great Architect passes you through the furnace but to purify. Tile fire may scorch, but it shall never consume you. ' He will yet label you " fine gold." The narrow path may be thorny to your tender feet ; but the " promised land " lies beyond ! The clustres of Hope may be seen with the eye of faith : your hand shall yet grasp them ; your eyes revel, from the mountain top, over the green pastures and still waters of peace. You shall yet unbuckle your dusty armour, while soft breezes shall fan your victor temples. Nil Desperandum.-Fanny Fern. CURIOSITIES OF GUN SHOT WOUNDS.-Captain Hall, of the 43rd Regiment, was wounded by a ball which passed between the . upper part of the back of the larynx, and the termination of the pharynx, without causing much further inconvenience than the loss of voice. In this instance it must have been the superior laryngeal nerve that was injured, and not the recurrent, yet the voice could only be heard in a whisper, and was not completely recovered for years. If a ball should lodge in the trenches, it must be removed by the operation of laryngotomy, if the original wound cannot be enlarged ; although Birch, says Sir Christopher Wren, hung up a man wounded in this way, by the heels, when the ball dropped out through the glottis and mouth. General Sir E. Pakenham, who was killed at New Orleans by a ball which went through the com- mon iliac artery, had been twice shot through the neck in earlier life. The first shot, which went through high up, from right to left, turned Iiis head a little to the right. The second shot, front left to right, brought it straight. My kind and excellent friend had ever afterwards a great respect and regard for the doctors, and ix strong feeling for the wounded. The recollection of that regard, and the advantage derived from it, has made me sometimes think it might be advantageous for the unfortunate as well as for the doctors, if every general could be at least shot once through the neck or the body, before he was raised to the command of an army in the field : for there is nothing like actual experience of suffer- ing to make men feel for their fellow-creatures in distress.-Guth- rie on Surgery. WHAT IS HAPPINESS.-"Every thinking man," says Cecil, will look arouud him when he reflects on his situation in this world, and will ask, ' What will meet my case ? What is it that I want? What will satisfy me I I look at the rich, and see Ahab, in £he midst of all his riches, sick at heart for a garden of herbs. I see Dives, after all his wealth, liftiwg up his eyes in hell, and begging for a drop of water to cool the rage of his sufferings. I see the rich fool summoned away in the very moment when he was exulting jn his hoards. If I look at the wise, I see Solomon, with j all his wisdom, acting like a fool ; and I know that if I possessed j all his wisdom, were I left to myself, I should act as he did. I see Ahithopel, with all his policy, hanging himself for vexation. If I turn to men of pleasure, I see that the very sum of all pleasure j is that it is Satan's bed into which he casts his slaves. I see Esau ' selling his birthright for a mess of pottage. I see Solomon, after | all his enjopnients, leaving his name a scandal to the Church to ' the latest age. If I think of honour, take a walkin Westminster i Abbey, there is an end of all inquiry. There I walk among the \ mighty dead. There is the winding up of human j.-lory. And > what remains of the greatest men of my country? A boasting j epitaph. None of these things can satisfy me. I must meet ¡ death, I must meet judgment, I must meet God, I must meet ; eternity!'" " INSULTS " IN MELBOURNE.-The wife of a high Government functionary was in a shop looking for a dress. One was shown to her, but, on being told the price, she said it was too dear. A com- mon labourer, who was standing by, told the shopman to " let her have it, he would pay for it." A captain of a vessel, looking among the sailors' haunts for men, addressed one, evidently a common seaman, and asked him if he would ship. " What is the size of your vessel?" said the man, consideringly. "There she lies," said the captain, "she's a barque of 400 tons." " Just the vessel I want," said the other, pulling out an immense roll of notes, " if you'll sell her, I'll buy her, and ship you."-Fraser's Magazine. A SMART RETORT.-Frederick of Prussia, at a review of his tall grenadiers, asked Sir Robert Sutton, the British ambassador, if he Cuuld say an equal number of Englishmen could beat them ? " No, Sir, answered.Sir Robert, " I won't pretend to say that, but I believe half the number would try ?" TOWN AND COUNTRY GRAVES.-In some moods of the mind the juxtaposition is very painful of a churchyard and a public way. It looks as if death itself were no escape from the turmoils of life. .We fee] as if the noise of carts and cries were never to be out of one's hearing ; as if the tears, however hidden, of those who stood mournfully looking at our graves, were to be mocked by the pass- ing crowd of indifferent spectators ; as if the dead might be sensible of the very market going un with all its night-lights and bustle (as it does here on Saturdays; ) of the noise of drunken husbands and wives persisting in bringing a curse of misery into the last home. On the other hand, the sociable man may sometimes be disposed to regard with complacency this kind of posthumous intercourse with the living. We may feel as if the dead were hardfy the departed ; as if they were still among their friends and fellow-creatures ; not displeased even to hear the noise and the bustle; or at least, as if in ceasing to hear our voices, they were still, so to speak, reposing in out anns. Morning, somehow, in this view of the case, would seem to be still theirs though they choose to lie in bed ; cheerful noon is with them, without their having any of the trouble of it ; the names may be read on their tombstones as familiarly as .they used to be at their doors ; children play about their graves, unthink- ingly indeed, but joyously, and with as little thought of irreverence as butterflies; ami the good fellow going home at night from his party Wreathes a jovial instead of a sad blessing on their memories. Perhaps he knew them. Perhaps he has been joining in one of their old favourite glees hy Callcott or Spofforth, the former of whom, by the way, was a Kensington man, and the latter of whom lies buried here, and is recorded at the church door. And assuredly the dead Spofforth would find no fault with his living remem- brancer. In quiet country places there is, in fact, a sort of com- promise in this instance between the two feelings of privacy and publicity, which we have often thought very pleasing. The dead in a small sequestered village seem hardly removed from their own houses. The hist home seems almost a portion of the first. The clergyman's liouse often has the churchyard as close to it as the garden ; and when he goes into his grave, he seems hut removed into another room j gone to bed, and to his sleep. He has not left. He lies there with his family still, ready to waken with them all, on the heavenly morning. This however is a feeling upon the matter, which we find it difficult to realise in a bustling, town. We. are then convinced upon the Whole, that whether-near to'houses or away from them, the sense of quiet is requisite to the proper idea of the churchyard.-Dickens's Household Words. _ INDICATIONS OF LONG LIFE.-Let me he permitted to de- lineate the portrait of a man destined to long life. He has a pro- per" and well-proportioned stature, without, however, being too tall. He is rather of the middle size, and somewhat thick set. His complexion is not too florid ; at any rate, too much ruddiness in youth is seldom a sign of longevity. His hair approaches rather to the fair; his skin is strong, but not rough. His head is not too big; be has large veins at the extremities, and his shoul- ders are rather round than flat. His neck is not too long ; his ab- domen does not project ; and his hands are large, hut not too deeply cleft. His foot is rather thick than long ; and his legs are firm and round. He has also a broad-arched chest, a strong voice, and the faculty of retaining his breath for a long time without difiTcultv. In general, there is a complete harmony in all his parts. His senses are good, but not too delicate ; his pulse is slow and regular. His stomach is excellent, his appetite good, and his digestion easy. The joys of the table are to him of importance ; they tune his mind to serenity, and his soul partakes of the pleasure which they com- municate. He does not eat merely for the sake of eating, but each meal is an hour of daily festivity ; a kind of delight attended with this advantage in regard to others, that it does not make him poorer, but richer. He. eats slowly, and has not too much thirst. Too great thirst is always a sign of rapid self-consumption. In general, he is serene, loquacious, active, susceptible of joy, love, and hope; but insensible to the impressions of hatred, anger, and avarice. His passions never become too violent or destructive. If he ever gives way to anger, he experiences rather a useful glow of warmth, an artificial and gentle fever without an overflowing of the bile. He is fond, also, of employment, particularly calm meditation.and agreeable speculations, is an optimist, a friend to nature and do- mestic felicity, has no thirst after honours, or riches, and banishes all thoughts of to-morrow.-JJu/eland's yiri of Prolonging Life. NATURE'S METHOD OF CURE.-The use of purgatives, of leeches, and the lancet is, perhaps, not so general and manifest in medical practice, as it was some years since ; but they are still em- ployed much more frequently and liberally in chronic complaints than is necessary, or safe. Too many forget that nature commonly resorts to the mildest and most soothing means, anc that by such means the most signal advantages are most surely gained. Her mode of operation is uniformly not to pull down, but to build up ; and the means which she employs are those which secure to the patient simultaneously an increase of strength, comfort, and health. This should ever be our aim ; and it is of immense importance that the public should be impressed with the fact, that generally whatever plan of management weakens the patient, and increases his discomfort and pain, is certainly not only inappropriate and in- effectual, but positively injurious, and often permanently so. I Dr. Graham''s Modern Domestic Medicine. AN INCIDENT OF THE AFFGIIAN WAR.--Some Afireedees had gathered on a sugar-loaf rock, terminating a spur from the pre- cipitous hills on our flank. Being closed to the road, it barred progress, and the column halted. On the summit a warrior stood like Fuseli's picture of Sa^an, with legs wide apart and arms high in the air ; waving a sword, and shaking a shield, he shouted and defied us. A young artillery officer, Maister or Belaine, loaded his gun with a shell, and the . flying death, whizzing through the air, burst at the moment it struck the brave Afi'reedee ! His head,v his legs, his arms, fieïv like radii from a centre into the. air. and a shout of exultation burst from the troops! The amusements of a field of battle are grim. Condemn not that shout. Life was played for in the rough game, and they who won naturally rejoiced. -Indian Misgovernment, hy Sir C. J. Napier. How TO GET UP A How wiTii YOUR WIFE.-First plan. Take her to the theatre. Select the prettiest girl in the house : keep your lorgnette pretty constantly fixed on her. Remark to your wife that that is the sty'e of beauty you admire. Wife will get fidgetty and cross. Observe what an odd thing it is that no woman can bear to be told of anybody being prettier than herself. The row will thus be put in good train, and you make it more or less strong as you please. Second plan.-Wait until your wife is at her toilet, preparatory to going out. She will be sure lo ask if her bonnet is straight. Remark, the lives of nine- tenths of the women are passed in thinking whether their bonnets are straight, season- ing the observation by a general series of reflections on the whole sex, as being a set cf drowsy humbugs, and winding up with a re- mark, that you never knew but one girl who had any common sense about her. Wife will ask who that was? You, with a sigh, reply, " Ah ! never you mind." Wife will ask why you did not marry her, then? You say, abstractedly, ""Ah! why indeed?" The row is now safely under weigh. Third plan.-Tell your wife you are going to Paris for a month. She- will ask to accompany you. Rejjlv, that that is out of the question : you are going upon business. Wife will ask what business. Answer that that is a secret which you are not Justified in revealing. Wife will say " Ah ! a pretty sort of business that you are afraid to tell your wife of" Do you now keep silent, and the lady will finish the opera- tion of getting np a row herself. A FRENCH CATECHISM.-Recently two Paris booksellers ap- peared before the Tribunal of Correctional Police of that city, to dispute the ownership of a singular morsel of literature, entitled, "his/ructions to Groton Girls -who wish to be Married.'" In the course of the proceedings, some passages of the catechism were read, which caused great amusement. The following, is a speci- men :-What is the most needful of all things for grown » iris ? Matrimony. At what age ought girls to marry ? According as they are pretty. At what age ought the prettiest girls to marry At sixteen or eighteen years. But if they are not pretty, at what age ? Whenever they can get a lover ; they must not lose an op- portunity. When a girl has not a lover what must she do to get one? There are many means. Whit are those means? First, she must have prudence and modesty ; secondly, she must show herself industrious anda good manager; third, she must always be- very neat in her dress ; and fourth, she must not dress above her station, for that will drive'away lovers ratherthan al tract them. When a girl has a lover to her taste, what must she do not to lose him ? She must love him truly, speak to him kindly, be always in good humour before him, and not to coquette too much with his rivals. When a girl is demanded in marriage, what ought she to" say ? She ought to appear very much surprised ; and then to say she was not aware that a person for whom she had so much respect had ever thought of her. EXERCISE IN THE COUNTRY.-Walking is good ; not stepping from shop to shop, or from neighbour to neighbour, brit stretching out far into the country, into the freshest fields and highest ridges, and quietest lanes. However sullen the imagination may have been among its griefs at home, here it cheers up the smiles. How- ever listless the limbs may haye been when sustaining a too heavy heart, here they are braced, and the lagging- gait becomes buoyant again. However perverse the memory mayliave been in present- ing all that was agonising, and insisting only ;ou "what cannot be retrieved, here it is first disregarded, and then it sleeps ; and the sleep of the memory is the day«'in paradise to the unhappy. The mere breathing of the cold -wind ou the face, in the 'commonest highway, is rest and comfort, which must be felt 'at.-such times to be believed. "It is disbelieved in the shortest intervals between its seasons of enjoyment; and every time the sufferer has-resolution enough to go forth to meet it, it penetrates to the very heart in glad surprise. The fields are better still, for there;is the lark to fill up the time with mirthful music, or, at worst, thc robin and the flocks of field-fares, to show tnat the hardest day has its life and hilarity. But the calmest re-'ion is the upland, where human life is spread ont beneath the bodily oye - where the eye ¡inoves from the peasant's nest to the spiry town, from the, school-house to the churchyard, from the diminished team iii the patch of fallow, or the fisherman's boat in the cove, to the viaduct that spans the val- ley, or the fleet that glides ghost-like, on the horizon. This is the perch where the spirit plumes its ruffled and drooping wings, and makes ready to let itself down on any wind that heaven may send. A RIVAL TO RUSSIAN HEMI>.-The Hon. East India Com- pany have recently forwarded to the Manchester Commercial As- sociation, samples of certain fibrous grasses, said to grow in Assam and other districts of India. One of these samples is identical with the fibre known as China grass, and has been valued by the Messrs. Marshall, of Leeds, at £48 to -£¡50 per ton. Another of the samples seems calculated to rival Russian hemp, as in a recent . experiment the former bore a strain of 3431b., while the latter could only sustain KîOlb. IMPRISONING FOR DEBT.-Some Indians visiting Philadelphia, remarked an extensive building in the town, and asked a native who accompanied them what was its use? "That," said the American, " is a prison for the confinement of debtors-persons who owe money, hut have none to pay." " How strange," replied one of the Indians, with surprise. " In our country, when a man has the misfortune to want money, we give him some." A movement is now on foot td put a legislative stop to all drink- ing of every kind of beer or spirit, . 'except for medicinal purposes." Whether it will be an improvement to saturate society with water instead of moistening it with malt, is a question we leave to those who delight in dry discussion ; but we must warn the friends of total abstinence that the exception " for medicinal purposes" is sufficient to throw thc whole question overboard. We never yet knew an old woman who could not find a " medicinal purpose" for every glass of grog she happened to have a fancy for.-Pundi. An old lady, looking at the curiosities in Barnum's Museum, came to a couple of large sea dogs, and after gazing at them with wonder, inquired of a wag who stood near " if they ever barked ?" -"No, madam," he replied, "not now-their bark is on the sea" FRAU».-"Yes, gentlemen," said an United States-lawyer the other day, " this whole transaction appears to be a fraudulent one. Upon every event in its whole course I see written the word fraud. Ay, gentlemen, and upon the plaintiff's brazen brow"-pointing fiercely at a meek-looking gentleman-"olearas the light of noon- day, I see written in characters of the blackest dye-F-IÍ-0-A-D I " A Fool's Decision.-A poor beggar in Paris, being very hungry, stayed so long in a cook's shop that his stomach was satisfied with only the smell thereof. The choleric, covetous cook demanded of him to pav for his breakfast. The poor man denied it, and it was referred to the decision of the next man that should pass by, who chanced to be a most notorious idiot. He determined that the poor man's money should be put between empty dishes, and the cook be recompensed by its jingling, as he was satisfied with only the smell of the cook's meat. Two impediments lo a Marriage.-A good-looking young Yankee jiedlar made love to a buxom widow of Pensylvania. He accom- panied his declaration with a mysterious allusion to two impedi- ments to their union. "Name them," said the infatuated widow. " The want of means to set up a retail store." They parted, and the widow sent Mr. Pedlar a cheque for ample means. When they met again the man had hired and opened his store, and the smiling' fair one begged to know the other impediment.-" I am married already!" Education and Loyally.-As for the conceit that learning should undermine the reverence of laws and government, it is assuredly a. mere colouring without, a shadow of truth. It is without contro- versy that learning doth make the minds of men more gentle, gen- erous, amiable, and p.iant to government ; whereas ignorance makes them churlish, thwarting, and mutinous; and the evidence of time doth clear the assertion, that the most barbarous, rude, and unlearned times, have been the most subject to tumult, sedition, and changes.-Lord Bacon. Simplicity and Maternal Solicitude.-Capt. Sir John Franklin, in his interesting " Journey to the Polar Sea," gives an instance of the simplicity of the Copper Indians. An old chief had a daughter who was considered the greatest beauty of the whole tribe, and so much the object of contest among her countrymen, that, although under sixteen years of age, she. had successively belonged to two husbands. Mr. Hood drew her portrait, much to the annoyance of , her aged motlier, who was exceedingly afraid, she said, that her daughter's beauty would induce the great chief who resided in England to send for the original after, seeing the likeness ! New Zealand Superstilion.- When a New Zealauder travels by night, if the ideas of his forefathers have not lost their power over his mind, he will carry in his hand a cooked ¡¡potato, to prevent his being assailed by evil spirits, who are believed to be more mis- chievous then than by day, but have a great repugnance to come in contact with food of any sort, or any place where it is kept. Shortland's New Zealand. Modern Humanity.-" Jane, put the baby to sleep with laudanum,, and then bring me my parasol and revolver. I am going- to attend a meeting for the amelioration of the condition of the human race." An Irishman, on being told that a newly-invented stove would save just half his usual fuel, replied, " Arrah, then I'll have two, and save it all-my jewel." Dr. Beesway, in iiis Essay on Women, says, " I have made women my study for a long series of years, but I never found one who stuttered." " ' It was one of the wisest of Dr. Johnston's many wise- sayings, that " he who waits to do a great deal of good at once, will never do anything." Barrow, the Chinese traveller, computes that there^is more raw material in the great wall of China than in all the houses of Eng- land and Scotland. A postmaster, while puzzling out a very uncertain superscription to an Irish letter, jocosely remarked to an intelligent son of Erin, that stood by, that the Irish brought a hard set of names to Eng- land. " Ah ! yes," replied the Irishman, " but they git divdUh;. sight harder ones after they arrive here.-' 