OCCASIONAL SKETCHES. I No. ur. I THE HAUNTED HOUSE. I «O'er nil there hunt* tho shadow of a fear, \ sen«! of mystery thc spirit daunted. And said, as plain ns whisper to tho ear, The house is haunted! ' \- Hood. I nm fond of Imming up old taleä that hav lone Ia«« llia>liko ol<1 wi,,e in A'lsty< l",,rííot,c biui My present paper will contain the resttl of a successful search in tho oob-webby cellar c the Pa«. . . , " Ono of my earliest memories ii the llanntci Jîoosc. -lust opposite an ancient, ivy-covere church, separated from the solitary little stree ii faced by a dwarf-wall ami vasty pnlis.nle crinilv fantastic ; ami darkened by the tree- am shrubbs that filled the court in front; ¡Chad ¡ weirdish look even in the bright summer sun diinc; and when the dusk of evening wrapt'it'ii iii gray gloomy veil, or the clear cold mooniah ïlept upon its mossy roof, costing down -th ihaílow of thc twisted chimney-sternly blacl -upon the f-ot path; it became a perfect temi to all nervous people! The old Gramnmr Schoo was at the bottom of the lane, and during tin Trintcr months we had "evening school"; bu rather than go by the Haunted House aftei eight, I havo frequently made a ? t->ur thnt'in volved just four times the length of my necessary »nd normal journey home. Thc house had been uninhabited for main years when I first knew it. The chinks in tin bagged pathway that led up to the d->or wen choked with weeds and grass. The stone steps Trith a slanting crack in them from top to bot tom, were green with eiivcsdroppings, am glistened with the slime of slugs ami snails. Tilt paint had peeled off in hugo patches from tin Mistered door- panels. The dust lay thick upai tie window-panes, every pane of which had loni been smashed. The shutters were up in «ll tin rooms but one-a bedroom just above the porch, ind from its window, in the carly afternoon »Night, at that season of thc year when pc.iph begin to remark to each other thnt "thc day: we closing in," a ghost-according to populat tradition and puerile belief-was ever peeping - tbrinking hack into thc dim shadow of thc chamber, if any living eye detected its pale linea- ments. , The carden behind reached down to our play- ground wall, and one sunny half- holiday, em- boldened by the brightness of the .-ky, I clam- bered over, in company with two mystèry-lovin^ schoolmates, and proceeded on an exploring expedition through the ghostly premires. The garden was a maze of dowers run wild, rotting beehives, shuttered and mildewed .-tatúes, espaliers emancipated from control, dilapidated arbours, stagnant fishponds, obliterated paths, »nd shaggy lawn?. The dolphin ol* thu f.nintain lay tail-less in the div, broken basin (-crved up for dinner, as it were) and the loosened dial mode the sunlight tell sad lies in reference to the hour. From the garden wc ventured into the yard, where a Snuday quiet seemed to reign, 'flu offices were all shut up. Ue.-ide the empty kennel lay a rusty dog-chain and a uirmldy collar. Thc weathercock over the coach-house had prudently struck work, since mme were left to caro about the wind, and chronicled in per- petuity a long defunct nor'-wester. The fox-pads on tho stable-door, and the spur dangling from frc antlers fixed above, looked venerable as i'ompeian antiquities. A touch of Nemesis, too, th we seemed in their proximity.,- A feller Nitn Ä1 than tho wearer of th'u spur "had 'long -since mn him down, and there his trophy hung be fido his victim's relics. But the great well, doirn which for thirty years A bucket lind never (Tone-that was a thing to be gloated over! Tearfully holding on hy the shaky wo it-work of the winch, we looked down the deep, dark shaft. Toadstools clustered thickly on its moist and mouldering sides, and at the bottom a ghastly gleam of silent water gazed up at us, like a watching demon's lurid face. Wc dropta stone, and held our breath to listen toils fall. Striking herc and there with a dull, hollow sound, at last it plumped into thc water with a «nilen plunge-, and yon could fancy it going on, still down- wards, to the centre of tlie earth or hell! At length we mustered up courage to apprdach the dread house itself, and, entering by an open door ii thu servant's hall, wc roamed throutth the " bushed) darkened rooms. The metes in the sun- beams, streaming through tho diamond-shaped f Autter^holes, seemed tremulous with fear, and J to bo huddling together for security. Very dreary looked the huge gaping fire-places, as the ! thought arose of melancholy groups of ghosts i teated round them in silence all the live-long [! night, in the vain hope of warmiiigtheirshudowy i knees. The grotesque figures carved on thc heavy, projecting mantels loomed through thc un [ certain light like goblins exulting over each I deserted hearth. Thc rats squeaked, and the I nice cheeped behind tho wainscot, or shook thc plaster from tho ceiling as they galloped in their impish gambols overhead. The balustrades of tho wido staircases wcro tapestried with cob- web?, and here and there, in some dark corner, you might detect a gigantic spider by his eyes glimmering through the gloom like golden pin points. Tho bedroom doors all banged with a jar that echoed through the house, and made you fancy that you heard some departed tenant, whose diurnal slumber you had disturbed, com- ing down, in a most unholy temper, from . thc garret. Tho closet doors, * too, hail a nasty knack of flying open in your face, ns though a Jpectre were behind, grinningly playing ut bo peep! Ono room, emphatically </!«? haunted to ira, was locked, and had been so for ninny n l>ng, long year, even when the house was in- habited; for thero a dreadful murder had been done, and the stain of blood was still fresh upon th-, floor. No scrubbing, -couring, planing-so the legend ran-lind availed to obliterate that »dent evidence of crime. Wc had worked our . telyes' into a perfect ague of alarm before wo finished our rambles, and were not sony to lind ourselves on tho safe side of the play-ground wall onço more. I remember ns distinctly as though it had happened yesterday, the queer, shivery feeling that I had that night when luok ".S np, from' a very respectful distance, at the bed-room windows of tho Haunted House. My t-.iioloii seemed' to bo still wandering along its gloomy corridors, and through its silent cham- bers, wherein, no doubt, by that time, thc ghostly Isvce had begun. Tho thought quito gave me what Mrs Gummidgo would «all' " the creeps," Md it was really .some-timo before I could con- duce myself that I was really outside the old rusty gate; ? Some-years afterwards I learnt from an.old Wy who had been-housekeeper in tho family that onco owned it, tho whole history of thc Haunted House. long, l,ng ago lived Gervase P-, a proud Md cruel man, with an unpitying, unrelenting Ie! and a mouth at once stern and sensual. J lo »u very rich, but how he had obtained his Jchcs no one exactly knew. ' He came from a jmantpart nf the crnntry to tho little t >wnof T.-v bought the old mansion I have described Mien spoken of as "the bravo house just built,") «id, through-liis'wealth'and force of character, .pealily took - high- rank-amongst tho magnates «.'he placet Near him lived a widow, of good ?"Utily but; very poor, with-her only child, os "feet a girl as yon-might BOO even in a dream. Soo was ' betrothed- to her cousin; a young "tutonanb in the Navy;, bat Gervase ? snw her, ?Jd marked her for his own.- He proposed, mid 'oe mother, daxzled by tho prospect of affluence "or her daughter-and herself, (compelled sweet Ahce to accept hunt" Nott without-ia tlmjheart "niRglc, thoaghr for'she ..loved"her cousin; ns snell a irtillant, generous fellow deserved to l> loved; but she was of ,n». pliant nature-he mother's will iiad ever been her law, and sb became '* the rich man's bride." For a time h gloated over his prize ns a gourmand migh glower above an ortolan ; but he had only woi the fair nnd graceful (rame. She strove to for get' the past, and faithfully to dischargo he wifely duty; nnd yet lier heart went ever wan I dering otu t.> her lover on tho se«. At first he I husband's jealousy took tire, and be tried ti ; m xiv her love him; then, finding all his effort ' vain, he treated her with cruel harshness, mu ¡ afterwards with more merciful neglect. Tin ¡ sailor returned-learned, nil too soon, his loss j and went to Gervase's house to take a la*t fare j well of one to whom he thought he bad conn i home to be united for ever. Alice was sitting ii ; lier boudoir when her cousin found her, *. theil lips drew near and clung into a kiss," and afte: i a few melanch. ly words, broken with sobs, tliej j were nbout to part, when her lover begged for i . lock of her golden silky bair, as a last kcep-oke She went into her bedroom to cut it. When slu came buck, her c usiti lay a corpse upon tin j floor, with n frightful gash in his throat fron ! ear t:> ear. She fell into a swoon, and woke i \ maniac. An inquest was held upon thc body and from an obi newspaper of the period (in nr\ informant's possession), 1 give the following, abstract of the evidence. From the length a which it is reported (< r chronicled, I suppose would be the more appropriate tenn) wc maj infer thai thc ense excited much contemporary interest:-The worshipful Master Gervase I* haring been sworn, deposed that, learning fruir, his butler that ilie deceased wa* closeted with hi wife, he went up, with that domestic, "nutt Mistress Alice's antechamber." intending tc order thc intruder out of his house, but that, on opening the door of thc apartment, bo found him lying in a pool of blood, with his thront cut. Ile j believed it to have been a suicidai net, occasion 1 cd by disappointment. The servant corrobor- ated his master's testimony. Thc medical evi- dence was to the effect that thc deceased bad died from nil incised wound in the throat, ' stretching from left to right, dividing thc jugular ; veins and both carotids, und even penetrating to ¡ the vertebral column. That it was a eUnn eu! I wound, but that the blade of the razor (nue oj j Uerrnse't) found tome in bis r v7i£ hand, was j " noifhcd like unto an /i<7>i<f>.i:t'.'' It came out i in the course of the inquiry that n cravat with a j deep red stain upon i: had been found in Ger i vase's dre-simt-i-oimi (which opened into the j antechamber; but this thc owner accounted for I by saying he ¡tad been eating mulberries, lt was also shown that the deceased was Itfi I hnud-d, and that the bloody nw k of a viijht j h.ind was imprinted on hin right band. All these circumstances to tu seem strongly pre- sumptive of homicide, ami the ca-e as against Gervase appears a very ugly one ; but medical > jurisprudence was not then the science which ' it has since bec.une. There were n . acute and educated witnes-es to string together tho facts ! which I have italicised, to enlighten the jury on : thc subject of " cadaverous spasm," or discourse learnedly on thc tests for "hicmatosine." Talk 1 as wc may, to -, nf thc tnaiiimon-winship of these latter days, gold had more power then than m.w t i screen a wealthy wrong-doer from too close a scrutiny. Thc Crowner, putting on that look of ' sell'-satisiicd omniscience which has come down ' as nn ottieial heritage to the coroners of modem times, informed the jurors that if they believed in their consciences that a murder bad been ! committed, they must return n verdict nccord ! ¡ugly; but if they thought (with him) tb.it no -murder had been done, thuir verdict must bo in I accordance with this opinion, nnd not with that. I To air bis Latin, he finished off with the stock ¡ quotation from Lord Hale:-Talina semper est '? erift'c in nequi.-tando «[liam in puniendo ; ex j parte misericordia: quam ex parte justifia». A verdict if " felo-de-se " was returned, and thc body of the deceased was buried that night at a j place, just outside the town, where four roads meet : the spot is called to this day the Bloody i Oro'*. Alice regained her senses, and bore her ! sullen lord a sou; but she died in her second I confinement, having first, in an access of pu r I peral m inia, destroyed her child. Gerva-e lived I long in prosperity lind h mor, but he never slept ! «gain in his wife's chamber, mid when, ns I have j said before, all efforts to obliterate thc blood ; stain had proved useless, the boudoir was locked j up, and that part of the house deserted People marvelled that a man of Gen ase's iron nerve should be guilty of such weakness: could they have looked into his heart, their wonder hal been less! He died, at length, an old gray headed man, and Walter, his son, reigned in his stead. In thc escritoire in which he found his father's will, he found also a scaled letter address- ed to himself; and in this thc man who had g ne down into the gravo bedecked with human hon- our, confessed that it was he who, in a fit of jealous rage, had murdered his wife's former lover, and then, to simulate suicide, had placed thu fatal razor in his hand, l'atcrmil sins, how- ever, sat lightly rn Walter's shoulders. He toot; j unto himself a wife, and soon six children smiled ? ari mild his board-bright, blooming angels, but I with u strange, fitful, riddte-like expression in I their radiant eyes. Time showed what it meant : ¡ of all those six fair creatures not one but pcr I ¡shed miserably by his own hand, or lingered out her wretched life in a Bedlam's hopeless cell! Muny mysteries are blended in insanity, but its J tavism is the durkest mystery of nil. A ince seems individualised into nn immortal lunatic, enjoying only in each alternate generation a lucid interval. So it proved with the family of the V-s. A singular psychological phenomenon in this case is well worthy of remark: All of the doomed progeny were, until their seizure, lovely, loving, i Pee-like beings, whilst the sane father ever bore tho gi omy Gervase stamp. It would be a har- rowing task to trnco the awful predisposition, down through five generations, in its intermittent manifestations: thc maniac's wail had ech cd, the self-destroyer's weapon gleamed, in almost every chamber of that fated house, when in 18 young Herbert 1*-attained his majority. Ho was thu Inst of his race, and thc noblest; of lovely form, and still more lovely soul-but Ai« father had died sunt! Ila was engaged to the daughter of a neighbouring squire, and was to bc married on his birthday. Thc morning came, his valet went up toonil him; sharp crack of a pistol rattled through tho the h lise-he had blown his brains out! All his property was bequeathed to his betrothed. She afterwards married, and went abroad, leaving orders with her agents to let the. mansion ; j but none would hire house round which such memories clustered,-the air of which seemed J foul and heavy with the recking scent of suicidal j blood! Thc servants had been pensioned off, and many a tear, even niter the lapse of forty j years, did thc old lady drop, as she spoke of her ¡ young master, so handsome, so gifted, so brave, so courteously kind,-and then to dio so fear- fully at last! I'erhaps, my readers, you nre disappointed be- cause in this eventful history I have told 3'ou of | no ghosts; but you cannot wonder that ghost- | tnlcs spring thick from such n soil. / recognise in theso family l-'anti n spectra more appalling than any vulgar apparition : lîc tribution for thc founder's guilt stalking down stonily through tho dusky years, and fixing its inevitable grasp upon hi's guiltless offspring. Tb* father hath ea'en tour urnpet, ami iha children'* tetth nm on edtie. ' That thc curso should hnvc fallen heaviest on thoso most meet for Messing, or indeed, flint it ihoukl have fallen on aiiy whoso connection with tho murderer was morely that of kindra 1, may Fcom anomalous unjust. And, according to man's notions, it it _unjimc AU that we know ¡a that $neh tiling» <ir<?. Wc must take thc quid 'st oí life, arni not dare to. judge of the »/>n> t*t. There is ii conceited vanity tn trying to make God's dealings square with ? ur microscopical ideas of right; a pre- sumptuous blasphemy in this constant reference of alt things to matt's paltry standard.,-curling and paring them, as we do t i make them fit. We arc too fussy with our theodicy. The Omni- potent can surely rake cate of his "own character. What is man that he should be so marvellously mindful of him? Milt -n, peradventure, has got no thanks f r hts attempt to "justify the wnys of God to mon !" R..R. 