CURIOSITIES OF SLEEP. There are some curious incidents on record of sleeping aud waking. In Turkey, if a per son happens to tall asleep in the neighbour lioodof a poppy-fie.'d, and the wind blows over towards him, he becomes gradually narcotised, and would die if the country people, who are well acquainted with the circumstances did not bring bim to the next well or stream, and empty pitcher alter pitcher on his face and body. Dr O'ppenheim, during his residence in Turkey, owed his life to this simple and effi cacious treatment. Dr Graves, from whom this anecdote is quoted, also reports the case ol a gentleman, thirty years of age, who, from long-continued sleepiness was reduced to a complete Jiving skeleton, unable to stand on h's legs. It was partly owing to disease, but chiefly to the abuse of mercury and opium, until, at last, unable to pursue his business, he sank into abject poverty and woe. Dr Iieid mentions a friend of his, who, when ever anything occurred to distress him, soon became drowsy, and fell asleep. 4. fellow student, also, at Edinburgh, upon hearing suddenly the unexpected death of a near relative, threw himself on his bed, and almost instantaneously, amid the glare of noon-day, sunk into a profound slumber. Another person, reading aloud to one of bis dearest friends stretched on his death bed, fell fast rsleep, and, with the book still in his hand, went on reading, totally unconscious of what he was uttering. A woman at Renault slept seventeen or eighteen hours a day for fifteen years. Another is recorded to have slept once for forty days. A man, twenty-five years of age, at 'limsbury, near Bath, once slept for a month, and in two years he slept again tor seventeen days* Dr Macmsh men tions a woman who spent three-fourths of her life in sleep; and Dr Elliotson, who has co' lectcd several instances of this sort, quotes the case of a young lady who slept lor six weeks, and recovered. Herodotus, in Melpomene, alludes incredulously to a race of the Scyth ians, or Tartars, in the extreme north, who were reported 10 sleep away six months of the year. " Two young gentlemen," says Dr Graves, "college students, went to bed, in perfect health, the night previous to their examination ; the}' slept soundly, the elder one rose early in the morning, and left his younger brother in bed, still asleep; he remained so for two hours more, having slept altogether for more than ten hours, when he awoke in a state of complete insanity." 1 he same author likewise relates the case of a gentleman who fell asleep with his head, rest ing on his hands, folded together on the table, after dinner. On awakening, one arm was paralysed, and remained paralysed to the day of his death, which followed not long after wards. The celebrated General Elliott, Fre deric the Great, and John Hunter, seldom slept more than lour or five hours in the twenty-four. Dr, Maknish mentions a lady, in perfect health, who never slept more than three or four hours in the twenty-lour, and then only half an hour at a time. General Pichegru, according to Sir Gilbert Blane, bad only one hour's sleep in the same space of time for a whole year. The venerable St. Au gustine of Hippo prudently divided his hours into three parts ; eight to be devoted to sleep, eight to recreation, and eight to converse with the world. De Moivre slept twenty hours out ef the twenty-four. Quin, the celebrated player, could at^his pleasure si run her twenty four hours in succession ; and Doctor Held eould, when he liked, take as much food, and as much sleep, as would serve him f°r a couple of days. Theodosius, failing asleep in the morning watch of bis last great battle., saw in his dreams an (apparition that assured htm of "his tictory overhis desperate foe, 'Epgjfemus :J and the issue of the forthcoming day verified, or coincided with, this strange presentiment.' The Dauphin, son of the unfortunate Louis XYl., the descendant of the Sovereigns of France and Navarre, shut 4ip in a loathsome nook, with a hole in,the wall, through which bis scanty rations were thrust, was skilled by the want of sleep. His feverish temples were scarcely laid upon the pallet when a stern voice pealed round the walls — 'Capet. ou estiuf doTStu? By a refinement of fc-uelty of this description, his ductile and confiding spirit, drawn out to the last gasp, silently gave no the ghost, on the 8th of June, in his tenth year, 1795. The famous St Dominick never reposed ex cept on the floor, or the bare boards, which served him for a bed. St jBonaventura, one of fhe first Franciscans, made use of a common stone of some size instead of a pillow : .and St Peter of Alcanta ra slept but one hour and a half in the twenty-four hours, for forty years together, either kneeling or standing, with bis1 head leaning aside, cn a little piece of wood fastened for that purpose in the wall. He usually ate but once in three days; yet he lived to be old, though his body was so attenuated and weak, that it seemed to be composed of the ; roots of trees, and his skin «o parched that it J resembled the dry hark of a tree, rather than ! flesh. People may slee" in all sorts of postures. According to Mr Wilkinson, the ancient Egyptians, who, as everybody knows, shaved their scalps, slept with their heads-resting on an iron prong, like that of a pitchfork, welted wit h something soft. This they did for the sake of keeping their heads cool, which, they supposed strengthened their wits. The positilion will sleep on horseback, ar.d the sentinel at h:s post. | An entire battalion of infantry have been known to sleep on the march. It is about ( three or four o'clock in the morning that this propensity of sleep is the most overpowering —the moment se^sd upon by the troops for driving in the enemy's outposts, and taking the bivouac by surprise. Maniacs are re ported, particularly in the eastern hemisphere, to become furiously viailent during the full of the moon, more especially when the deterio rating ray of its polarised light is permitted to fall into their apartment; hence ihe name of lunatics. There certainly is a greater prone ness to disease during sleep than in the waking state; for those that pass the night * in the Compagna di Itoina inevitably become infected with lis noxious sir, while travellers who go, through without stopping escape the miasma., Intense cold induces sleep; and they who perish in the snow sleep on till tbey sleep the sleep ot death. 