ROBERT BURNS. A LECTURE BY ALEXANEER SMITH. Port First. The following we extract from a Scotch provin cial newspaper, the Falkirk Herald. Unfortunately wo have not procured the second part, but in its incompletence, we doubt not, our readers will we come it. National pootry is generally produced early in the literary history of a country. “ Chevy Chase ” and tho 11 Canterbury Talcs ’’ precede by contones ths “ Art of Cr ticisin” and tho DuncUd. ” Wo have ‘Christ's Kirk on tho Green' and tho ‘ G.-ntlo Slv'p'iord ’ long anterior to tho ‘ Minstrel ’ and tho ‘Pleasures of Hope/ It may ho said Hint our great national poet, Robert Burns, is not u distant name, hue his was something of an exceptional cane. Ut> was long duo; his appearance was singularly late. Indeed, if ho had not come at tho period ho did, ho could not have come at all. A century ago. Burns was unborn, and for the last thirty yeart tho pro duction of such a man has become an impossibility. Burns came from tbo past, tho future did notset.nl b in, as tho night sends her evening star before sho comes herself with her darkness and hor woilds. Burns was not ft prophet. He seemed rather a supplement to tho series of Scottish poets ; but bow valuable a supplement —worth nil that had preceded it. Ho closed and crowned tho list of national Scottish poets, ns n sunset closes a day. Ho fell, like Harold, last of a rnoo of kings; and at Ina 'dentil, « new poetical dynasty began. Ho was among tho last of those poets whose verses seem not ho much to bo poetry as nature uttcriug hcroelf— of those “Who to tho elements did stand, In nearer kindred than our race poets who chose for their subjects common and univer'al sorrow, not dainty, fantastic, and remote woes—poets to whom tho uniyersb was fresh and virgin, ‘ not sickbed o'er with tho pa'o cast of thought.’ Blind science, groping among tbo stars, bad not brought thorn * messages of despa r' from ruhied worlds and moons, Tln-y looked up to tho midnight heaven, as Adam looked, with wonder and admiration—not like Carlyle, saying * it is a sad sight,’ Tho race of halo, hearty, and onjoyh g poets seems to have passed away, and they havo boon-succeeded by ft bilious and dispoplio lino. Our present poets arc ohargeabm with umi y sins and heresies. They have lull tills round, motherly earth o' ours, with all its affections and interests—i his • nr.h, wa-tried hy firesides, and glorified hy victory, and hallowed by death.—and have betaken them » Ives i» the Stars. Tin y have become progressio nists, nud arc doing all they cun to aid educational, »an tory, Knd other reforms, by bad and plenteous verse. Some of them arc porsoasod by a ‘mission, which unfortunately is—not to hold thuir tongues. Many of Hum arc raving about the ‘ago,’ till oao would thiuk the ago uaa but as clay iu their bauds, to p[ ist'c any shane they may bn pleased t<- give it. It would bo well, I think, if those persons would'recollect that, hi a very distracted lime, the ' wise Goethe sat, ‘ Fixed in hia Bo'll, the centre of the mere,* and, while many believed the world wna going to ' hideous rum and combustion,' ho calmly whis pered, ‘All is well.’ There are only four tborougly Jiug'ish l oots—Ch iuoer, Shakspero, Burns, Byron —(or,.perhaps, I should rnfcher say three, because Chaucer, owing to his antiquated spoiling, is now, lam afraid, nearly neglected); and the reason of their popularity is ohvions: they, above all their fellows, have made humanity—its passion, its love, iis bate—the * subject and main region of their song.' Byron was rot by any moans the greatest poet of the,lnst generation ; hut ho is tho one most generally road and appreciated. Coloridga was a dreamer. Tnero is little of tho popular element in Shelley: witness his‘Alastor’—a dream chasing a dream. Kent’s nerves wore ns weak ns a fashionable Indy’s. Ho could not endure tho excitement of his nmo. full ns it was of tho strife of parties, with over , and anon the boom of a great battle travelling on t m wind ; so ho fled tho work-day world, went hack to the old mythology, and souebt refuge there. Each of bis .her'cs is far gone in palpitation of tho heart. And Wordsworth, greatest of them all, stands in mmy instances apart from humanity in its com moner and more universal ifspccts. The world will never‘clasp his god-liko packmen and philosophic waggopers to Its throbbing breast, in a passion of joy and tears. Hear these linos of Byron’s * 'Tis sweet to hear Lite honest watch- dog’s bark B-iv deep mouthed welcome as we draw near •home; ’Tis to know there is an eyo will mark Our coming, and look brighter when we come.' I bcli'-ve these four linns have touched more human h<’nri«‘ihan all 'he poetry of Wordsworth ; and yet they don't Boom very remarkable eith- r. Time is a terrible nven"or, us authors know. It is comforting to reflect that a stupid bonk curries with it its own cure—it disa;. pears from the earth ns silently as morning mist, and ii forgotten, flow quietly, and without a spasm, tho ' Della Crunoans’ duul—gently as a sigh tho * Minerva Novels nrd, nvsclcssly ns ghosts, will ono half of our modern authors walk into oblivion, each happily with his banks under his arm. With all her groat poetical naraos, England has, strictly speaking, no national poet. Shalcspearo might have been a rational if ho had not been a world poet. Time, not England, wears him like a star upon her crest. Perhaps, of nil her poetic sons, Chaucer is tho most thoroughly Englixli; but wo are not aware that at any period the people accepted him as their poet. Most poodle, in specking of national poets, recur to Burns and Thomas Moore. We do not think they should ho coupb 4 totroihiir in tho same sentence or tho .'nine thong lit. Burns is tho mo.-t intensely national poet of any ago or country. Of all men who over-aspired to tho honour, Mooro has, perhaps, tho slenderest cl iiius. Ho was an instrumentalist, not a singer. Ho was fat-lly defio ent in earnestness and genius. He could * do’ tho carving and gilding in the temple of song, but ho could not create tho divine glooms, nor rear tho flying columns and, tho soarng domes. Ho was a poet for a world of sylphs and fa rl* s, whoso fool is dew served up on rose leaves, jvbose existence is a routine of dance and song—noca poet lor a world of • human monals,’ over whom rises tho ho.ivens, under whom yawns tho. nbysve*. Moore had glorious poetical opportunities—finer no man ever had. He had the magnificent mus oofh’s pountry, her wrongs, her sufferings, her glories, the ‘ stirring memory of a thousand yearsbut to make these effective ho wanted heart and soul, passion and imagination. His country hung before him a groat many- etringed sorrowful harp, but his wero not tho fingers to loosen its mighty music. Tho * Irish Melo dies’ arc just what one would expect trom such a •writerthey aro w.tty, graceful, verbally melodious, hut they arc nut the melodies of Ireland ; they nre not even tbo melodies of "nature. Yet they had their succfs-. They gained him tho notice of lords and Judies, who flattered and despised him: they entranced sentimental yeung persons of tho weaker sort; drawing-rooms hung on them in s lonco, and prjhaps' shed occasional tears ; they were voted * exqui-ite’ over wine ; sung out of doors ; nature pa : d they Wero ni.no of hers, and put them out quietly, as tho sun puts out a kitchen fir*. h would scorn sacrilegious almost to sing those effu sions by tho sea-shore ; bow the music would die on tho lip, bow trivial and insincere compared with tho moan of tho great deep! Beautiful in many respnots they arc, but they do not como like blood-drops from the heart of an oppressed and down- trodden nation. * Moore,’ says Kaziit, ‘ ha* changed the wild harp of Er.n into a musical snuff-box 1’ Burn.-t's poems, immediately on publication, took Scotland by storm. The country murmured of him, J'rom sea to sea. ‘With them.’ says Uobert Heron, ‘old and young, grave and gay, learned and ignorant) were delighted, agitated, transported. I was at that time residing in Galloway, contiguous to Ayr* shir-.;, and I can well remember how even plou»b bpys aiid maid-si rvanU would have gladly bestowed tho wages they earned the most hardly, and which they wanted to purchase necessary clothing, if they might but procure the works of Burns,’’ I.et «s inquire tho rea o i of this immense popularity. Certain I am that if ho had produced a ‘Lear’ or a ‘Paradise Lost,’ it would not have er-ated such a furor or mot with such an enthu hstic r.-ception. One groat secret of Burns’s success was his intense nationality. 4le was a condensed Scotland, He gathered round him all the heroic memories,- the prejudices, the the traditions ofhis country, and they beenmo to him n mantle and a crown. What a love that man had for Caledonia ! Ho writes thus to the Earl of Buchan • I wish lor nothing more than to make a leisurely pilgrimage through iny native country—to xit and muso on thoso hard contested fields where ' . Caledon-a, rejoicing, saw her bloody lion borne through broken ranks to victory and fame ; and, catching the inspiration, to pour tho deathless names : in song !’ Abus he singe, in words enough to make I .the heart swell and tho oyes become dim : ‘1 had a wish, 1 mind its power— A.wish that to ray latest hour •Shall strongly heave my breastr- Th«t J, for poornuld Scotland's sake, i Seme useful plan or book could make* Or sing u snug at least. , The rough bur-bistlo spreading wide Among the barded here, 1 lurned tbo wei der clips aside A And spared the jmboldear,' Perhaps even a finer illustration of tho same loro of country is to bo found in a circumstance Burns re* latcs of himself. ‘ln theuo boyt»h day*/ bo snys, 'I r omomber in putioular being struck withtlut part 0 f Wallace's story whoro those linos occur— -1 Syne to tho Legleu wood, when it was late, To make a silent and a safe retreat.' I choso a fino summer Sunday—tho only day my lino of life allowed —and walked half a rloi-n miles to pay my respects to tho Legion Wood, with as much devout enthusiasm as over pilgrim did to Loretto ; and as I explored every don and doll where I could suppose my heroic countryman to have lodged, 1 recollect (for even then I was a rhymer) tha my heart glowed with a wish to bo able to make a song on him in some measure equal to his merits/ Very beautiful and touching ore tho anecdotes of genius. Gibbon, after writing tho lost sentence of his great history, walking out into tho moonlight, ami loeling sad and solitary as at tho loss of a dear friend ; Goldsmith, when a student, supporting himself by writing ballads for the streets, and stealing out at nights and standing in tho crowd to hoar hia own productions sung, wondering perhaps if tho voice of fame would bo ns hoarse as the ballad singers; Crabbo, leaving a packet of his poems at tho door of Edmund Burke, and thereafter walking up and down Westminster Bridge in extreme agitation ; but all those must yield t>iho pure enthusiasm of the youthful Burns visiting the Logleu wood on the Snhliath-day— to him a sanctuary, a shrine, a holy of holies. It is the heart that hallows, that makes a stone an altar, a waste a temple, a creed something to dio fur—and Burn’s heart was as yet unstained and pure. This dc*p and burning love of country ho naturally reproduced in song, and thus Burns be .came as it were a gio it mirror : and when Scotland came and looked upon it. she was surprised and de lighted with the s-ght of her own fao>, Upw mmt a rustic, for instance, have be<m electrified with ‘Hallowe'en,* ‘The Cottar's Saturday Night/ ‘Holy Fair/ Hero were scenes in which he bad himself mingled. Ho could recognise them at a glance. Alike, but different, tho picture was brighter than the reality, and moreover set in frames of poetic glory. Tims around tho daily life, the outgoings and incomings, the tears and laughter of the peasant of Scotland, tho genius of Burns thrfew a splendour as of a sun. 