THE MODE IN WHICH PORT ADE LAIDE IS COVERTED INTO A MUD-HOLE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE SOOTH AUSTRALIAN REGISTER Sir—The controversy between the Government opponents of Port Adelaide and the well-wishers of that much-abused spot has, in my opinion, had con siderable light thrown upon it by what I witnessed last evening. Between 5 and 6 p.m. yesterday, while standing on the balcony at the Jerusalem Coffee House, I observed a barge, of some 20 tons, contain ing cinders from (I beiieve) the Antelope steamer, moored close to the shore. The men in the barge coolly proceeded to discharge the stuff, not on the wharf, as you in your simplicity would doubtless imagine, no such thing—they kuew better—it was much easier to discharge it into the stream than to bring it ashore, and accordingly it was pitched over board some 20 or 30 feet from the water's edge, sinking, partly, Just above low-water-mark, the re mainder being carried into the stream. All this took place within 100 yards of the Custom-House and Port- Office, tin looking round in astonishment I saw Mr. Quinn, late, I believe, one of the pilots, and now in some way connected with the Harbour de partment, calmly looki >g on. I could not help ap pealing to him t) stop so shamefu', so wicJcedly mis chievous an act; when he told me it was not in his department. He is, I understand, generally considered an active, zealous officer. Am I not, therefore, justi fied in laying his apathy, in this instance, to his knowledge that his superiors would not be sorry to see Mr. Dashwood's prophecy fulfilled, by hastening the consummation of converting the fine natural harbour of Port Adelaide into a mud-hole ? While on this subject, allow me to ask when (if ever) do the Government mean to commence dredging the stream and embanking the North-parade at the Port? Nearly three months have elapsed since the Council voted an address recommending these mea sures. It cannot be said that to do it now would be to interfere with the Government project of deepening the outer bar, as the steam-dredge is not employed for that purpose. She is quietly lying at her moorings above the Prince's Wharf, from whence she has not stirred, as I am informed, for above fourteen mouths. What is the salary of the engineer, and how has he been employed daring that peri id ? 1 am, Sir, &c.;, G. S. KINGSTON. Adelaide, Feb. 15th, 1854. " The mode in which Port Adelaide is converted into a mud hole." TO THE EDITOR OF THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN REGISTER" Sir—In reply to Mr. Kingston's letter, addressed to you under the above head, I have to inform you that there was no want of vigilance on £he part of the Trinity Board officials ; Captain Brown, Deputy Harbor Master, having instructed the Solicitor to the Board to prepare an information againRt the offenders almost immediately after the offence was committed. That case will be lieard on Saturday next. Allow me to add that Mr. Dashwood has nothing to do with the matter, and I am surprised that a maker of the law should be so ignorant as not to know the duties of the heads of departments at the Port. i am, bir, <fcc., JUSTICE. fort Adelaide, 16tU February, 1854. The Rappers.-—The following amusing ccount of a Dutchman's consultation with this cabal istical body is' taken from a late 'American paper :— " Ish dat you Mrs Hauntz?" inquired the Dutchman "Yes, dearest, it is your own wire, who—" " Ton lii you tevil of a ghost," interrupted Hauntz, starting "from his seat; "mine frow speak noting but Dutch and she never said 'tearest' in her life—it vas always * Hauntz you tie* !' or, ' Hauntz, you tirty ehkamp ! and the Dutchman hohbled from the- room -well satis Ified that the " rapping spirits " were all humbug, am that he was safe from any further communication-wit] his shrewish " frow" on this earth. 