FELONY VASION. IT was our intention to have invited some consideration this morning to the libel action reported in our issue of yesterday, and to have shown the injustice to which our unfortunate brother of the broad sheet had been subjected, in the cruel and cowardly mauling he has re calved amongst the lawyers. But so large a portion of our attention is occupied by 12 of one great topic of the day, that till it is finally settled, we almost feel unable to bestow adequate consideration upon any Giber, or any minor topic. We beg, then, of good Mr. Nicholson to stick steadily by his bill, and let us know the R cost. If it is doomed to be the ghost or skeleton that it seems to be the good pleasure of our leading men to make it, let it be proceeded with, and got out of hand ! Do not let us be tantalised by suspense, even if we are fated to be deluded with an imposture. We shewed yesterday pretty plainly one point, and a very vital one, in which this new bill was infinitely less efficacious than the old one; and we warned the public how the deliberate ignoring of the old law, with all the conflict and discussion which has grown out of it, must not only necea t wily result in frightful evils of a practical nature, but that, if the course hitherto adopted be adhered to, the confidence of iii of community in either the Executive or the Legislature cannot but be permanently iLdangered. After the manifestations of public opinion upon this question, and evident as in the feeling universally held upon it, we confess that the conduct of the Legislative Council (if it has not originated in a this like) appears to us like a dream. It K turns as if it cannot be real that with the new constitution close upon us, professed to presentatives of the people near, can act in such diametrical opposition to the manner in which they will have to act ITEM. Were the House constituted as it ought to be, and as it soon must be, it would be practically impossible gaps between the people out of doors, and the people in doon, there should be so slight a sympathy. Members would not - could not then speak and vote in defiant opposition to the almost unanimous opinions of those they repre stated ; [they could then set set public feel its, public demonstrations, and the signs of the times, entirely at naught, as they do now. We should not then have the li mighty Stawell issuing his fiat to a feeble House, that such one of their most < Burns is to be a solemn and sacred law, as will be diligently administered and that such another is, by his high behest, to be nothing but a demonstration. " To-day, gentlemen, you are an assembly (1 law-makers, whose acts are to be treated with all possible deference and con federation to-morrow I, Stawell, reduce you into a parcel of demonstratlon' managers and I snap my fingers at the of at j on and your pretended laws." Under the new constitution all this sort of thing would be unknown. The After l try General would either have to bow his 1 loud spirit so far as to accommodate M Ti- ter of to the deliberate decisions of the repre t in tative assemblies, or he would have to seek other (fields for the exertion of his iiitrgles-bailing up, Uko his career In turon, other unfortunate Harrisons in the Supreme Court, may be or perhaps even deserting this democratic colony in disgust, and retiring to the hundred thousand acres of bog which he must somewhere have inherited, with his import ous and overbearing disposition, from some i shod If the king ; probably a here in the darker ages. With the new constitution, official in science must necessarily be curbed, and we think it quite as well that it should k am to curb itself at once. Representative falthlcFimcss, too, would meet its due no hard, and men holding such positions unworthily would be either effectively i linked or altogether replaced by inter men. We should not then Luve impetuous Goodman deliberately voting for a clause as he did the other day, f(s. the express purpose of vitiating such a bill ! This may be right and expedient I at present, while he is assured by his fleecy ' instalments that the bill is of no consequence to them, inasmuch as those (leader of (gully at large is no greater ester of n fitted than a free immigrant. But when Mr. Goodman is elevated to the dignity of representing men, he will soon learn better than to talk of not like this. Such gentle n i it as his neighbor, the dangerous Myles, to or will have to study a little closer c t theory than that oxhlbiUd.by him, in t straining any amount of prickly months of t vitality about the cruelty of this bill to- it in the convict class, within a week of securing this very class as human so) ven," "blood hounds," Royal Bengal tigers tilted upon end, tomatoes behemoths, and other fabulous but ferocious HUIIUOIS, compounded of a vivid imagination and voy shadowy conceptions of zoology, With the new constitution, we say, all this would be impossible and why should we be so dull, so wedded to our present barbarous system, as not rather to forestall the coming day, and trim his sails in pro. families for the wind which we know must thinly blows It seems monstrous that such blindness should exist and It also seems unnatural that during this discussion, so little worth conception of the dangers to be dealt with has exhibited itself. Henty of maudlin sympathy for the poor convict;" little or none for the unoffending colonist t Plenty of the most superlative 1 lilluiitliropy towards the hardened kicker of the law j no feeling for the honest citizen who has broken no law, to sow only MLU protection It will be asked why we feel it deeply and speak SO strongly upon this subject, as compared to the lukewarm magnates of the Legislature? We will give one reason, find a very good one. The evils of this detestable System have been brought with very remarkable prominence before our own eyes, and they have thus made an im procession which is indelible. We have seen too much of the realities of this sort of thing; and If Government officers and Legislative councillors had seen as much, we will not believe that they could then be no hollow hearted as to trifle with this serious subject. An Editor of a paper who is believed to have the heart to feel, and the wish to rod ress, is apt to be brought personally in contact with a great many cases of a very touching nature. Had the Attorney-General, Mr. Myles, or Mr. Goodman, seen poor Howes, as we saw him after he had been shot down by Connor at his plough, and when he came to us with his right arm taken from the socket, a maimed and ruined man ; had they seen poor Mcdciansky with his arm cut off at on hour's notice, because he was rash enough to walk out of Melbourne after dark ; had they heard, fresh from the inquest, the detail of the lingering miseries of Drew, as, half beaten to death, his wandering mind still harped feverishly upon his stolen dray and team, and his lost son -lost, as far as we know, to this day ; had they had paraded before them such melancholy procession, ord listened, as we have listened, to the plaintive tales of these fragments and it ccB of men, the victims of their legis- la! ion, we will do them the justice to believe that they would have discarded 1 their cant and trifling, that they would have said, SB we say, This must not shall not, be. We need not point to those who never come. To Marcus, mercilessly slaughtered at the Ovens; to Stone, who J a actual death no man can know -part, drowned, part stabbed, part-beaten; to Warren, shot through the head, yet still staggering wildly through the bush, his last thought a vague terror of being taken home, " where there were still the two men in the red shirts." The tales of victims Uko these, Indeed, were never heard, for they never lived to tell them. We have heard enough, however, to confirm us unalterably in our opinions ; hard to induce us to reflect those opinions v.] on other. 3, so far as to cry shame upon these who have the power to preserve the community from a multiplication of such stock, and yet abstain from using it. The matter comes on for discussion of gain to-day and we beg of the comma city narrowly to watch the manner in which it is handled. There is yet time and opportunity to make the 1 tw measure a good bill, if there be the vii). If it fail, the consequences be upon the heads of those guilty of so great a dereliction of their solemn duty. We have done our part, and we shall continue to speak of this matter as we believe that it deserves. Others may adopt such course as they think proper, and reconcile their conduct to their consciences as they may. His Excellency may bend in adorn. tion, if he thinks proper, to Downing-street, that Mecca of Colonial Governors ; Eue cutive Councillors and Crown law officers may trifle and quibble as they please ; our representatives may either negligently or faithlessly desert us, and hand over the best interests of those whom they are bound to protect, to the willans turns £1 Iroso by the abrogation of the late law. But one voice at all events shall be held up to the very last in deprecation of such conduct ; one element in the state shall clear itself of the slightest suspicion of faithlessness or insincerity; towards one quarter the future DOWD, and Stones, and Howes, and Warrons shall not look reproachfully. We, at all events, will be able to turn aside the reproof. Thou can'st not say I did it I Never shake Thy gory locks at me I We o KO no particular allegiance to any obscure clerk in Downing-street. We recognise no consideration whatever in this affair, but that of our bounden duty to this people. It is our business to protect them, as far as in us lies, from outrage and contamination to scour the peace, good order, and good character of the community in which it is our lot to labor. It is in accordance with that impelling motive that we plainly tell both the Executive and the Legislature that they are shrinking from their duty, and to the people generally we appeal for not Urination of the charge 