CHAPTER IV. THEY entered, and Rover, profiting by the darkness, slipped in, and sped across the silent yard, in search of those he knew were as prisoners there. Sit down," said the man, as they entered his room. Mary shrank into a chair. "You see," said he, seating himself also, "there was no one much to look arter the old folks—they lived quite alone. The dame was a hard-working soul enough, when she could git ought to do ; but young eyes see better than old, and young fingers work better, too, and folks likes to have the worth of their penny—so th' old woman didn't gain a fortin. What she did earn, he got out of her for the drink!" Poor Mary clasped her hands in suffering. "Some one—may be 'twas you—sent the dame some money to buy warm things for th' winter. Old Dalton found it but some- AUSTRALIAN SCENERY—VIEW OF BRIDGE AT WINDSOR OVER THE RIVER HAWKSBURY. how, and quarrelled with "her till she gave it to him. They do say he struck her ; well, that's nigh all as one now !" "Oh, do 'ee go on, sir !" she exclaimed, the tears standing in. her eyes. He nodded. "The end on it was Dalton got drunk, and the money for the warm clothin' went in liquor. Well, your mother got un to bed, and thought all right. She'd been runnin' arter him all the day and was tired-sleep falls heavy on us when we've done a hard days' work ; she woke up in a blaze. He'd brought more o' the spirit home wi' un, and, getting up to drink it, set the place a-fire. He escaped, as shouldn't, but the poor old dame had one ann ter- ribly burnt, and that she'll never use agen—so we're forced to have 'em here!" "Mother—my poor dear mother !" sobbed; Mary, convulsively pressing her hands over her eyes. "Ay, it's a bad job I. But come, don't take on so ! may hap you can do summut for them !" THE NATIVE CAT. "I—I" she sobbed ; what can I do ? Work ? Yes, but that won't keep them ! "Where be they?" she wildly asked, rising ; "where be they ? I must see them ! And Hodge!" she cried, stopping in her hurried walk towards the door; where was he all that time to have them brought here ?" "Hodge," answered her companion—"Hodge Stone, th' keep- er's son ? Oh ! he's been here to see 'em !" "Here!" she indignantly exclaimed. "He should never have let them come ! I'd ha' worked day and night for his parents in such trouble !" "Well he don't seem over able to work, poor lad ! The last time he came, he looked more like a ghost nor a man!" Mary stood a moment. "Can't I see them ?" she asked. Just a minute-one minute!" and she looked imploringly in his facè. "Not to-night!" answered that rough man, softened by her real sorrow. "It's past hours ! but to-morrow early !" ' "To-morrow!" she replied, impatiently. "That's too long to wait! To be under the same roof, and have come so far, not to - see them ! Mother-'specially poor mother !" "I'll tell you all I can do," her companion said, after a moment's thought. " I'll get 'ee a bed here with the matron^ and you can see your mother earlier than if you had to wait outside !" "Oh, thank 'ee, sir-thank 'ee kindly!" she exclaimed. "I can sleep anywhere, for the matter of sleep !" she continued, sad- ly. "There won't be much o' that!" The overseer left her, and returned with a homely, elderly woman, who, remembering Mary from a child about the neigh- bourhood; took a great interest in her sad story, when she related how she had come in her ignorance of all, hoping to surpi'ise them. When she told about "Rover:" "Ay, he's in my room now!" ejaculated the matron. "When- ever he can slip in he comes to me, and waits almost with the sense of a Christian "-as she expressed it, as if they alone, were human-"till I let him go along with me to the wards; but he don't seem as if he could rest-for as soon as ever he's seen your mother, he gets out, and maybe we don't see him for days !" It was a sad night for poor Mary. She spoke of all to that kind woman. But who could comfort affliction like hers ? Her meeting with her mother was most painful. Long and bit- terly she wept on her neck. When she beheld the withered arm —sad evidence of that night of terror-and learned that she had but quitted the infirmary to become a pauper—and saddest, most unaccountable of all-that no one-not even Hodge- should have written to inform her of it. Her father was almost unconscious of his position, drink had so besotted his intellect. He began complaining of all and every- thing-accusing every one but himself—the cause. Something must be done. Mary felt that. But what ? and how ? Leave them there ? She cou d not. Keep them ? She could not. Oh, the misery of poverty in such a case ? She must see Hodge, and know why he had been silent. ¡ t With him alone, too, could she consult. The matron kindly offered her half her room and bed while she remained ; and, bidding her poor mother cheer, she, with a heavy and bursting heart, set off /or the squire's, whejfj*she knew Hodge was, at the lodge. As she turned up the' lane leading to the gate where it stood, a man was slowly walking before her. Was it Hodge? Yes, it j must be ! But how feebly he was moving forward ! She advanced quickly, j "Hodge!" she cried. ' He started at that voice and turned. She looked, hut could not utter a word. He was so changed in a few short months-the figure more bowed than ever-the eye bright, but sunken. Her trials, like a heavy snow-storm, had but commenced, with imper- ceptible signs, to end in a blinding, flaky sheet. Sad was that meeting ! She had not the heart to scold much, when he said he *. had not found courage to tell her about her parents, and cast such misery on her ; that now he could work but little. He hoped soo« to be better, and get employment airain. He but waited for that to ask her-beg of her-to marry him, and make a home, however poor, for her parents. And as he spoke thus, the low cough broke through every word. They sat down on a ïallen tree, and talked long and sadly. Then youth is «o buoyant, and those two, who had loved so long, forgot nearly all. After'awhile, in the joy of a re-union, his face grew less sickly : and Mary, looking at him, wondered how she had., thought him so ill when they met. The eye becomes quickly ac- . customed to a change whick shocked at first. Isaac Stone-Hodge's father-the aunt, too, rejoiced at sight of Mary. She was, indeed, a welcome guest ; and, talking all over, it was decided that nothing could be done yet for her parents. "You see, lass," said Isaac; ''I'd right gladly ha' given * a whoam to th' onld woman, but .thee feyther, there warn't ruine here for he !" His eyes dropped at this innocent falsehood : he would not hurt Mary's feelings by speaking the truth. "And thee mother," he continued, " wude not leave un, to be better off than he, thof she sees little on him where they be !" The matron's kindness reconciled Mary to leave her mother in - lier care, and it was finally settled that she should place some. money with Isaac for any little comfort they might require, and hoard up every farthing for a few months, to do something better : :' her purse was not very flourishing, she having sent nearly all her earnings to her mother, to clothe them warmly for the winter. That had been the unfortunate cause of all. In a fortnight her quarter's wages would be due, and she would save all, to promote her object. And the doctor said, though Hodge was not over strong or well, he would soon be right again- he was so young ; and they talked, and arranged so smoothly all,' to their ideas and hopes, that when Mary and Hodge started off towards the gloomy home of her parents, it was surprising how different everything ap- peared. They laughed, even when-forming their future projects ; and as they approached that large, red building, on the gloomy, barren moor, Mary wondered how she could have thought it"so wretched, llover, too, skipped before-her escort-barking and joyous : and when Hodge pressed her hand at the gate, and said : , . " I'll come and fetch thee, early to-morrow, Mary !" She laughed happily in his face, and answered : " Ay, Hodge ! and do 'ee look as 'ee look now !" " I do loike to hear thee speak in th' ould way, Mary ! It sounds like t'other days, when we went a-milkin' together, and ye : hadn't learnt Lunnun speech !" And so they parted. (To le continued.) 