A PROPOSED GREEK EMPIRE. The Eglisli Missionaries of a crusade to 're-establish a Greek Empire, with Constantinople for his capital, arc probably mere enthusiastic bookworms, ignorant of the world. The Greek adventurers, however, who have associated themselves witli those philo-IIellencs are more likely to be agents of Russia, seeing how many of their racc that un- Bcrupulcus power keeps ever in its pay. It is not, indeed, possible that even Russians can be so ignorant of the public opinion of England to imagine that any considerable portion of tlie community can be gulled with visions of resuscitating the Byzuntirc Empire. It is well known that John Bull is thoroughly and permanently sick of Greek builds. But the Russian Government may flatter itself that by throwing in an addi- m tional clement of discord, public opinion in England may he so divided as to paralyse a national resistance to its unprovoked aggressions on the Danube. It is, therefore, worth while to waste a , few words on the nonsense of a modern , Greek Empire—not to instruct Englishmen, but to show Russia and its agents that Englishmen see through the delusion. , ~ Our modern Bysantines begin with the proposition tliat the Turkish Empire is "effete," and therefi're unable to serve as a bulwark against the extension of Russia towards tlie west. Assuming this to be proved, they next propose to substitute a Greek empire in lieu of it. But the Greek empire is not merely effete, it is dead — lias been dead and buried for five hundred years. These wise men would argue that, because a man was (by their shewing) too old and feeble to act as constable, matters wonld be mended by conjuring up the ghost of h : s grandfather to serve in his stead. Let us see of what materials this Greek empire is to be composed. The kingdom of Greece has a trifle more than a million of subjects of all races. In Turkey there arc in all about two millions of Greeks, one half of whom arc in Europe and the other half in Asia- Looking merely at number, it is obvious that three millions of Greeks, would be unable to give the law permanently to twelve millions of Osmanlis, seven millions of Slavonians five millions of Arabs—to say nothing of a miscellaneous five millions of Kurds, Armenians, Jews, and others. It is, however, less the paucity of their numbers, than their moral characters, than unfits the Greeks from becoming the dominant race in the Eastern Empire. They have been weighed in the balance and found wanting. Thirty years have elapsed since ths Greek revolution, and what have they made of it? Even the paltry kingdom of Greece was not their work. All honour co the brave marines and patriotic merchants of Hydra and Spozia ; all honour to the gallant inhabitants of Suli and Parga ; all honour to the few hands of Elepths, with a y sunn' m nt.in them..nattered through inouii- -iiiti Groeoo ! Bu', when we have onu- TUfT. teil theee, we hare cn .tn rat d all .vlio in ttiri:e>t sti uirglod iigainnt Turkish rule. The mass «f the Greeks, if stung for a moment into enthusiasm and valour by the example and exhortations <)if these few, speedily relapsed into their natural apathy and timidity. Had not the Turkish fleet beeqgtfestroyed'ttt Navariuo, and had not the Christian Powers interfered, the whole of Greece would lmvebeen reconquered.by the Turks And what pregrcss Las that facitioua creature of western diplomacy—the kiugdom of Greece—with its German Sovereign, made in ]the dcvelopemcnt of its resources, elevation of its people, or consolidation of its institu- tions? The proposal to) reinstate the Greek Empire is indeed a dream. The modern Greek is a Greek in little more than language and religion By lineage he is more than half Sclavonic. More pure Greek blood is to be found in the Osmanli villiages of Asia Minor than in the Morea. In the narrative of successive travellers for the last two centuries, it is easy to trace the progress of conforming to the religion of the dominant race by villingc after villiape of the Greeks of Asia 31 in or. They—the Greeks of purest descent—are now not to be distinguished from other Osmanlis, either by language of religion, while the ir Gie;k-speaking Christians of Morea, tive Attica, and Beotia, arc two-third Sclavons by dcsccnt. 'JJie conforming descendants of the Asiatic Greeks have acquired the proud, man|y character of a dominant race ; the Greek in language and faith retain the vices of enslaved people, contracted even before the fall of the Byzantine empire, and aggravated by their subjection, first to Italian and latterly to Turkish masters. Tlie pretext that the diffusion of Christianity would be promoted by the substitution af a Greek for a Turkish empire, docs not call for refutation. The Greek church is scarce'y less alien to the spirit of Christianity than Mohammedanism Both are .based upon Christianity—both recognise the inspiration of the Jewish and Christian Scriptures; and what Mahommcdanism has added is not more at variance with the truths contained in these writings than the senseless legends of the Greek Church. In fact Mahomet was first prompted to take upon him the office of the founder of a new faith by the wretched prevcrsion of the Greek and Syrian churches in his day. Though his personal vanity or ambition misled him into the assumption of the character of inspired prophet, he had previously discarded many of the most foolish and blasphemous additions which Greek and Syr'an priests had made to the pure and simple doctrines of Christianity. And to this day if the Greek and Mussulman are observed in the most favourable circumstances for each—away from the contaminations of debauched capitals—the latter will be found more manly and rational in his theological opinions than the former, and superior to him in practical morality.—Daily News. ? ? 