THE IRISH EXILES. A national banquet, "in celebration of the honor able escape of John Mitchel and his brother martyrs," took place on Monday evening, at the Northumberland Buildings, Eden-quay. Nearly two hundred persons sat down to dinner, which was served in excellent style by Mr. Hamilton, pro- prietor of the hotel. The extensive apartment in which the company were entertained was tastefully decorated, and portraits of the exiled patriots were suspended around the walls. The chair was taken by Dr. McElheran. Amongst those present were :—John O'Donoghoe, J. Ennis, John Dwyer, Patrick O'Connor, Patrick Carey, Martin Brady, Patrick Hart, William Taaffe, Hugh O'Neill, James Quinton, Cornelius O'Donnell, Patrick Murphy, Charles Clarke, Thomas Kirwan, Thomas White, Patrick Brady, John Whittle, R. Gallagher. John Brennan, Martin O'Brennan, James Kingstown, Francis Brady, Philip Gray, Cornelius Mordaunt, Luke Mordaunt, Joseph Brady, J. C. Campion, John Power, Michael Bird, James Gilroy, Mr. J. Plunkett, T. C., J. O'Reilly, John O'Sullivan, James Butler, W. Reany, Joseph Owen, &c.; Letters of apology were read from the Right Rev. Dr. Blake, Mr. P. J. Smith, Mr. Joseph Cartan ("Dundalk Democrat"), Dr. Cane, of Kilkenny, Mr. Martin Burke, Mr. James Haughton, and Mr. M. Ryan, &c.; The Chairman said he thanked the assembly with all his heart for calling upon him to preside on this occasion. He rejoiced to take an honour- able position from which others would shrink from fear or jealousy. In '48 he took no part in the national movement until he believed the country was in real earnest ; and then, in the hour of danger, when Belfast was filled with soldiers, and secretly armed Orangemen, he stepped forward, and spoke the words of freedom. He took the chair, which others feared to touch, because the hangman's ghost was behind it. He need not tell them that, like many of themselves, he had suffered for the sake of principle. He had as fair a prospect of success in his profession as any other young surgeon in Belfast. He was not a politican by pro- fession ; he only knew that the Irish peasant was unjustly treated ; he only saw the dead bodies of famished subjects of "law and order," and swore eternal hatred to such a system. They were met there because they had strong faith in the ultimate triumph of justice, and an ardent hope that Ireland will become as free and happy as in the days of old, when she was the refuge of the persecuted, and the home of heroes, saints, and philosophers. They were there because famine still threatened the producers of food, and hunger, and nakedness, and misery are spattered by the carriage wheels of idle luxury and heartless pride (cheers). The pro- lific bosom of Ireland could sustain eight times the population, but, the land is occupied by men who drive off the tillers of the soil, and live by breeding cattle—men who destroy the face of agriculture, and assume the right, if so it pleased them, to drive the whole Irish nation off the land into the sea (hear, hear, and cheers). They were there to ex- press sympathy and heartfelt gratitude to the generous Irishmen who calmly bore their sorrows for them in the weary solitude of the South Pacific (hear). They would, indeed, be unworthy of free- dom if they neglected to express gratitude to the generous, the brave, the free-souled defenders of the poor man's hearth. They were not there to organise armed men, but to pay a debt of gratitude. He could not see anything in the present state of Irish politics which need prevent honorable gentle- men performing a duty to their country, by paying a mark of respect to the men who had outlived the false imputations upon their motives. Every man there could get on comfortably by minding his own special business ; but they had hearts to feel for their oppressed fellow-men. They were not there for themselves alone. They were the representa- tives of the multitude who do not go to banquets. They had had an excellent dinner, but they would have better represented their constituents if they had feasted on skilligolee or poorhouse gruel (laughter and cheers). Such diet would have kept their brains cool, and enabled them to see more clearly the beauty of the British Constitution, and the condescending goodness of the aristocracy (hear, hear, and cheers). There was no man there who would prefer the horrors of a civil and, per- haps, religious war, to a peaceful revolution. They had a great deal within their power to improve the state of pauperism. They would all agree with him that the very first object of all good men should be the amelioration of the poor man's fate (hear). For his own part he had for the last year taken very little interest in Tenant Right, because he thought if the farmers had acted like men they need not be swept like nuisances from the land of their forefathers. He saw organization for every object and every party but the pauper interest. For the future he intended to mind nothing in his leisure hours but the condition of the naked, hungry, houseless poor. If he were a living man this day twelve months they would see a great change. The chairman concluded by proposing the toast of the "Independence of Ireland," which was received with loud applause. Mr. Ferris, having been called on to respond, said that in rising to speak to the toast, which had been so enthusiastically drunk, he felt greatly em- barrassed by the importance of the subject. In other countries, more happily circumstanced than this, the sentiment of "national independence" was always appreciated, and the first to be honoured at public entertainments ; and it was right that it should be so (cheers). Irish independence did not exist now—but did a better state of things prevail? The majority of the people were in a state of degradation and misery, while the few whose cir- cumstances were comparatively improved talked of the increased prosperity of the country (hear, hear). There was hope from the distant west ; but neither the distant west nor the awakening liberties of Europe should excite their aspirations unless here at home they understood the position which they were entitled to and ought to hold (cheers). The Chairman said that the next toast was, " The Independent Irish Democracy." On that subject it was unnecessary to say more than that the Irish independent democracy were the descend- ants of the old Irish democracy. In ancient times, when this was a great civilized country—when it was able to send a legion of men to resist Roman invasion, and to compel the invaders to build two walls across the British island—at that time the Irish democracy was something, consisting as it did of the true nobility of Ireland (hear, hear, and loud cheers). As to the ancient noble aristocracy of the land, there was only a small remnant of them re- maining ; the people could pride in such an aristo- cracy, who acted as their fathers, and took each man by the band and called him brother (cheers). That was the true system of aristocracy—the system they wished to revive again, to strengthen and to perpetuate (applause). In conclusion, he begged to propose—"The Independent Irish De- mocracy." The toast was drunk with great enthusiasm. Mr. Edward Carey spoke to the toast, and said that the presence of the independent minded men whom he saw around him was a tolerable indication that there still existed in Ireland an independent Irish democracy (cheers). The speaker proceeded at considerable length to point out the real prin- ciples of democracy, and concluded an able an eloquent speech by expressing his firm determi- nation to uphold those principles to the fullest extent in his power. The Chairman then proposed the health of "John Mitchel," on whose patriotism and indepen- dence he passed a high eulogium. The toast was drunk with the greatest enthusiasm. Mr. Roche, of the 'Galway Packet,' responded. He expressed his regret that some person more competent than he was, had not been called on to speak to this toast. However, in cases of feeling and sympathy for the true-hearted patriot whom they had met to honour, he would yield to no man. He had seen him a prisoner in Green-street. He was happy to say that he was now a free man in America, and about to use that freedom in behalf of the country for which he has suffered so much (cheers). He looked upon Mitchel as the greatest intellect of the day—a second Emmett—the poli- tical Moses who was destined to advance the cause of freedom which they all so highly valued—(cheers) —and it afforded him (Mr. Roche) the utmost possible gratification that the honor of responding to his health should have been entrusted to him. After some further observations the speaker con- cluded and eloquent an able speech amid loud and continued cheering. 'Smith O'Brien, and his brothers in captivity.' The toast was received with loud applause. Mr. O'Brien responded to the toast. 'The Memory of R. Fenton Lalor ;' 'the health of P. J. Smith, the friend of John Mitchel,' and several other toasts having been given, the com- pany separated.—Freeman 