THE CZAR'S BHirm)AY. A " ROYAL FESTIVAL JN 6T. PETERSBURG. The birthday of tlie Czar is just over; and surely it must liave been the most anxious and dismal of his birthdays— grave as the vicissitudes of k<s life have been. He was born on the 6th of July (new style), 1710, and already, while only 58, be is worn, broken,—older in constitution and appearance than most men who have lived ten or fifteen years longer. His most eager enemies can no longer look on such a spectacle as the decline of this man and his fortunes without a source of grief in the midst of their satisfaction aad thanksgiving:—grief that powers so considerable, and a morale that once liad much that was fine in it, should have carried the mau into a mission no higher tlian one of warning, after he and many others had believed it would be one of retrieval aud amelioration. There is no need to say that he was unhappy iu iiis descent. The grandson of Catherine and the son of Paul claims our pity at the outset. Tho mischief was. however, simply constitutional, for he was too young at the death of both to suffer by their example. He was four months old when the Kinpress died; aiid under fire years when his wretched father came to his untimely end. He was therefore exempt from the horrible imputation which rested on liis elder brothers—that they knew what was doing on the night of Paul's murder, and consented to it as 11 >c only means of saving their own liberty and even life. Alexander was then four-and-twenty: but the child Nicholas, then a spirited and clever boy of four-aud-a- half, was one of the last who re cived a loving word and a kiss from liis doomed father. On that f ttal evening, Paul was in one of his amiable moods; and he went to the Empress,— that ingenuous German girl who found tlic greatness which had at iirst astonished her a miserable change from the freer and more modest life in her father's castlu. Her husband went to her drawing-room that evening ; spoke affectionately to her, and took the biby into his arms, and played with the little Nicholas, liis mother did the best she could for tlje boy, in the way of education. General Lansdorf superintended it: Adelung taught him languages, and Councillor Stork taught him political cconomy—to no great purpose, judging by the results. He was more inclined to military studies than any other; and was almost as fond of fortifications as " Uncle Toby" himself lie was fond of music too : and united the two tastes by composing military marches. Though his coiiMitutioiijl industry manifested itsslf in the pursuit of such studies as he liked, lie issued from the educational process, ignorant—really ignorant of what it became —not only a Prince, but a gentleman to know; and not a few of the wisest men in Europe attribute his fatal errors and misfortunes to this cause, nbove all others. During liis youth, he was extremely un- popular. His irascibjlily was so great, that uo one cared to '.lyptrndi liirn unnecessarily. His manners were excessively rinle; anil the contrast was daily pointed out, by those who dared to speak to each other, between liiiu and the affable Alexander. When he was 20 he came to Eng- .and,after the peace. Ho was then a tall youth, said at the time to be a stern likeness of his brother the Cz.ir. Oil his return he explored his own country, aud lived for some time in each of the chief provincial cities. Jt,was then that he became interested iu the condition of the lower orders of the people: and it was probably at that time that iie conceived the idea of ciuani'ipntingthe serfs, after an interval of ameliorated condition. This was his brothers aim ; ami there arc some enlightened Jlus-iaDS who believe that Alexander died broken hearted on account of the '• ingratitude" with which his efforts for the people's welfare were repaid. The words "ingratitude" and "repaj'mcnt" are I'oiumonly used on such occasions; but in this case, we imagine, the hostility was on tile part of one class, on account of tile indulgence shown to another. It did not, an 1 it iii ver will, suit the nobles (in their own judgement) to have their serfs emancipated: and a somewhat recent instance of the calamities which may ensue on giving anything like hope of freedom and progress to any of the Czar's largest class ot subjects, seems to explain oue of the marked changes in the character and conduct of Nicholas. Seeing, as be did, that every hope held out, by Alexander, led to violence among the serf population—that when one ' assured that they were regarded and pitied, they began to cut their masters to pieces, or flay tliem alive—he gave up the idea of regenerating the policy of the empire ; iijjd his course as Emperor shows that it suits ijim better to make himself a type of Russian empire, and the fulfiller of tiie law of liis predecessors, than the imitator of Alexander, in trying to make something very fine out of a Oiixture of the milk and honey of the Gospel with the gall and brimstone of Muscovite domination, Alexander bad, however, something more to annoy him than the failure of his benevolent projects. In the year 1817, when Nidicjac wa* marrying the Prussian prinocss who is now nursing him in bis premature old age, a secret society was formed in Russia which lefi not an hour's pcace to Alexander for the rest of his life. Pur nine years he lived in the knowledge that a great conspiracy existed, tlic object of which was to form a federal union of Sclavonic republics, extending from the North Sea to the Adriatic,—tlrnt object of courseincludingihe deposition of the Roinanoli family. No means, either of fraud or farce, were of any use in putting down this conspiracy; and for nine years did Alexander walk about with this fearful ghost at his heels, never knowing when the moment would come for him to feci its grasp. This society intended to reform the political condition of Russia altogether, and fo reinstate Poland. The consi iracy was a direct consequence of the war; and it is astonishing tl at Nicholas, who must know this very well, has not deferred to tho last possible moment the sending his armies forth in European warfare. Ife knows very well that the fir.-t secret soei-;ty, the Alliance of the Sons of the Fatherland, was conceived of and formed by y >ung officers who had picked up ideas of a better government than the Russian in foreign countries, and yet he oflercd to send his force into Ilungaiy on behalf of Austria, and finds that the same thing happens again; that the officers and even the common soldiers have returned with some notions in their heads which make his intervention in Hungary a loss to him than a gain. The military men who relumed home after the peace inoculated tlte young nobility, and the disaffection spread through o the whola class. It is an old story. The h despotic monarch and unenfranchised people «re one party, and the aristocracy another, and the two are in constant antagonism in all despotisms. It is the natural operation of this necessity which explains every liussian problem, past and present, and will explain every future one, as long as despotism exists there. The singularity and fatality of the Russian case lies in the extreme depression, brutalisation, and helplessness of the popular class. This peculiarity seems to point; to a most disastrous jssue; and nothing, in all the wayward conduct of the present Czar so just fios the suspicion of liis insanity as bis precipitating so unnecessarily the catastrophe which sooner or later must come. It must be remembered, however, that he is ignorant. He has no philosophical insight into tlic principles of interpretation of history, and he little suspects how the students aud philosophers of bis day can read his horoscope, and tell his future, or that of his family and empire, as confidently as if they were prophets. By bis best qualities,—his courage, his energy, and devotion to a present purpose,—lie crushed the hostile enterprise at the time, and now, nearly thirty years after, he is doing his utmost in his ignorance to revive it. One secret societ}' after another was discovered, in Alexander's time, but, under the appearance of suppression, each merged in the great one which could not be traced. It spread south and north, comprehending "early the whole class of nobles—some of whom were democratic republicans, while others limited their demands to reform, and the deposition of the reigning family. It is a well known fact that uot one distinguished family of nobles in tlic whole empire was unconnected with the conspiracy, flie Czar's committee of inquiry ascertained this, and with it the other all-important feet that the immense majority were the oligarchists, and the men who desired change without any desire to help in inducing it; men who cschewed the doctri nal part of the aflair, while ready to avail themselves practically of the issue. In other words, the majority were found to be manageable by means of self-interest; and nothing could be more skilful for the moment than the young Czar's management of them. The first step of the conspirators was to create confusion as to the succession.— Alexander's will decreed that Nicholas should succeed liiin, and Constantine's repudiation of the crown was sealed up with the will. So the conspirators declared for Constantino. But the liabit of Russian periidy is too strong for such dangerous occasions; and while the conspirators were making progress in St Petersburg, and gaining over the soldiers in battalions, their chief and dictator was taking the oaths to Nicholas. It was not safe to inflict much punishment. Only five men were executed, and no more than 121 scut to Siberia. The wig.st of the five declared to the last that nothing but a total revolution of the empire, and lhe adoption of a free constitution, could save Russia from violent dismemberment. When Poland arose, five years affer this execution, the Poles celebrated the death of the Rus.'ia t martyrs, currying five coffins through the streets of Warsaw, inscribed with their names. Perhaps tliis may be done again, ill the same streets, when that prophesied dismemberment of Russia is accomplished. Though that revolution did not take place, smother did, far less expected. Nicholas became apparently a totally altered man. Tile .strength of his nilj has never slu.wn itself more marvellously than in the restraint which he instantly put upon his temper and manner.", and maintained for a long course of years. Those who happen to have watched the insane ku i)w that the most fearful of their pecti. liarities, in many cases, is the instantaneous transition from the brutal to the human state. Vou catch t'.eir eye, and arc horrified at its express! >n of ferocity and cruelty; and, before you can withdraw 3'our gaze, it is gone, and all is bland and gracious. Thus was it with Nicholas, froin the moment when his foot touched the step of the throne. Stern, but no longer irascible.—distant, but never iU-inannevc 1, the brute part of hint, known to be so largely inherited from his ancestors, seemed to have been cast out. There were always many who knew that it was not so; aud of late, it is understood, bis self-control has given way, and his temper aud manners are like those of his youth. What his government of his doiniuions has been there is no need to describe. The more hopeless he became of doing effectual good at home, th i more he lias inclined to the policy of Peter and Catherine, lie is aware that the nobles regard the existing system as doomed, ana only expect or desire it to lasttneir time. He is a ware that the host of slaves who worship him are no power in his baud, but a mere burden. A man iijigl.t as well be king in wilderness, peopled by sheep and wolves, as in Russia; and no one knows better than Nicholas. He is aware that he cannot reckon on the honesty of any one func tionary ol his whole empire, lie has in' vited and pensioned, savans and men uf letters, and instituted schools, and toiled harder tlian his own slaves, and her perceives that society gr iws no better, but rather worse. So he has recourse to schemes of territorial extension; and there the same evils follow:—liis ships are rotten; his cannon balls are tamed into wooden bowls ; bis quinine is found to be qrk bark; and while lie is payiug enormous bread bills, his soldiers arc perishing under a bran and straw diet. Of Kis fanaticism one docs not know what to say. His Empress turned Qrepk in a day to marry him; and this no dout.t seemed to him all right and natural. But vhctf be wanted his daughter Olga to marry the Archduke Stephen, he offered that she should turn Romish in a day— should embrace the faith of those nuns of Minsk who were so very displeasing to his orthodoxy. It is probably in his case the mixture of fanaticism and laxity which is SO disgusting in the history of all churches at any time dominant, and involved with the state. In his family, lie is no less unhappy than in other relations, liis faithful wife, who has born'i with mveh from him, partly because there was no helping liis passions, and partly because he carricd on his attention to her through all bis vagaries, has been wearing out for many a dreary year under the fatigues of the life of empty amusement which lie imposes on all his family. One favourite daughter is dead. Another is the widow of the Hue de I/cnclitenberg; and the youngest is Princess- Royal of Wurtcmbcrg. The two eldest sons are always quarrelling,—as is likely to happen if, as is universally understood, the younger—(who is a Muscovite savtige of the Mos ovv party)—strives all in his power to supplant his elder brother—who is a much milder and more estimable man —in the succession to the throne. The Czar has till now repressed their feud; but it has, like his other misfortunes, become too much for him ; and the scandal is fully avowed. If the reign of Nicholas shuuld come to a violent end with liis life —his may not be thfe only royal blood shed on the occasion. This lias tho proud man, the Emperor f AU the RUssias, passed his fifty-eighth biithday, sitting among ti a wreck of all is idols. They are of day; and it is his own iron will that has shivered them all. Instead of achieving territorial extension, he has apparently brought on the hoar of forcible dismemberment of his empire. Instead of court gaiety, his childish vanity has created only the mirth wliicb breaks the heart and undermines the life. Instead of securing family peace by the compressive power of his will, lie lias made his sons the slaves, instead of himself the lord, of their passions. Hated by his nobles; liked only by those who can give him no aid, and receive no good from him; drawn in by liis own passions to sacrifice them in hecatombs, while they fix their eyes on him as their only hope; tricked by his servants all over the empire; disappointed in his army and its officers; afraid to lervc bis capital, because it would be laid waste as soon as his back was turned; cursed in all directions for the debts of his nobles, the bankraytcy of trade, and the hunger of his deople: conscious of the reprobation of England and France, whose reprobation could be no indifferent matter to Lucifer himself; finding himself out in his count about Austria, and about every body but his despised brothers of Prm'sia, ana as an after-thought of Naples; and actually humbled before the Turk; what a position for a mau whose birthday once seemed to be an event in the calendar of the universe ! Be it remembered, the while, that he is broken in health and heart. He stoops as if burdened with years; he trembles with weakness because he cannot take sufficient food. The eagle glance has become wolfish. The proud calm of his fine face lias given way to au expression of anxiety and trouble. Let hiin be pitied, then, and with kindness. He is perhaps the greatest sufferer in Europe, and let him be regarded accordingly. But, as wc need not say, he is totally unfit for }bo management of human destinies. Wc have nothing to do with the relations between himself and his subjects: but we must see that lie never again lays he weight of his little finger on the destinies of any people beyond his own proper bounds We have done hiin some harm, in the coursc of years, by our supineness and ere dulity; and wo must regard ourselves, therefore, as not unconcerned in his present abasement, Wc must sin no more in the same way. Having thus resolved—having made up our minds that this common foe shall no inoro do hurt to anybody but his own subjects—wc arc at libe"ty to compassionate, freely and kindly, the wretched man who has declined into evciy other abyss before lie readies that of the grave.- Daily News, July 30. 