AN AMERICAN VIEW OF EUROPE. A singular letter appears in the Richmond Examiner (United States) from John M. I Daniel, the charge d'affaires of the United States at Turin, who, at the time of his ap pointment, was editor of the Examiner■ It is a condemnation of the society of Europe at large, and particularly that of Turin. The following is a sample :— " The real comforts of Europe don't com pare with those of the United States. Ev-ry thing costs just double what it does at home. The people are nowhere as good as ours. The women are uglier—the men hase fewer ideas. I intended to write a book about it all ; and I thought, when I left the United States, that I would have to scratch the blanket a good deal to make out our superiority. But there is no need. The meanness, the filthy life, the stupidities of all the countries 1 hate seen, surpassed all I expected and all I hoped. " Mere, in Turin, which is the most beauti ful city I have ever seen, I am busy learning to speak French, and studying what is popu- ' larly, but most falsely, termed the ' great j world' and * polite society.' I have dined with dukes, jabbered bed grammar to cwuutesses, and am sponged on for seats in my opera-box by counts, who stink of garlic, as does the whole country. I receive visits from other diplomats, with titles as long as a flag-staff, and heads as empty as their hearts, and find the whole concern more trashy than I had ever imagined. I must, however, keep up their miserable acquaintance, for that is the way to see the ' elephant' of European life. Bo I dance the dance of fools, like the best of them and return their visits sedulously, carrying about great cards, like that I inclose for your inspection.'' "Thepictnies, the operas, and the ballets of Europe are good things; the people, the governments, and the society, more coutempti ble than can be conceived." The Eco d'Italia, an Italian weekly news paper, published at New York, threatens to give the letter of Mr Daniel in full, by which means it will be read at Turin. The Eca seems to think that in that case the situation of the charge will not be very pleasant. French Loan --A very remarkable sign of the I mes is displayed by the fact just made known, that i less than 98,000 persons have subscribed in ranee to the new French loan! No less than :i,000 of these subscribers are stated to belong to le humbler classes—subscribing each their fifty ancs. Municipal Manners—Some of the members of le Cuventiy Corporation, which is also the Hoard of ealth, are evidently odd sort of people to be en ■listed with the care of Municipal matters. They eld a meeting, and according to the Coventry (eraltl, one Mr Wilinot poateiy told a Mr Jenkins lat " his observations showed a miHd as narrow as is expressions'' whieb, to say the least of it, was ither a droll comparison. There could be no arn iguity. however, about the addenda that Mr Jen ins'* '■ conduct was mean and contemptible." Of >urse there were cries of ''order,' from the sensible embers, and Mr Jenkins treated Mr Wilmot'* ob irvations with " the contempt they merited." Mr filmot " hoped he conducted himself as a gent'e lau and not a single "hear, hear" followed ; but lderraan firowett ironically declared Mr Wilmotto e " the only wise man amongst them.'' Mr Wilmot eing exceedingly offended by the imputation of a mo opoly of w.isdom, turned upon the Alderm.in. He lid," Here I wiil not reply ; hut if you tell me » outside of this room, I will soon toil you what I link of you," following up this invitation by a eclaraaon that " he (Mr Wilmot) had acted with rer.t forbearance hitherto.1' So this episode, hieh exciteil a 'J sensation.'' passed by ; bus in a ion time after, Mr Wilinot turned round to Mr enkins with the observation that " whoever told ou so, told a lie." Alderman Browett called the nruly member to order ; but was met with this erote observation : " Sir, if you want me, or have nythitig to say, you know where te find me." ulius Caesar's Ghost declared to Brutus "they muld meet again at Plhilipi." Wilmot tells Irowett •' he knows where to find him." This new istonc parallel has something of the sublime bout it; and a good deal of the ridiculous. We re astonished that the local pre-s allows these, :enes to pacs by without protest and rebuke. Bespect for Law. — A Smoke Case.— An1 imerican writes on this subject:—In some of our. iwns we don't allow smokin' in the streets, and rhere it is agin law; >t is two doilars fined in a eneral way. Wtl1, Sassy went down to Boston o do a little business there, where this law was nly ho didn't know it. So soon as he gets off the oach he outs with his case, takes a cigar, lights it, nd walks on, smokin* like a furnace flue. No eonor said than done Up steps constable and ays,' I'll trouble you for two dollars for smokin' gin law in the streets.' Hzssy was as quirk on im. 'Smokin' !' says he, ' I warn't a smoking'' 0, my !' says com table, 'I won't say yu lie ecauseit aint polite, but it's very like the way I ilk when I fib. Didn't I see you with my own yes?'—'No, says Sassy, 'you didn't. I own I ad a cigur in my month, but it was because I liked he flavour of tobacco, bu; r.ot to smoke. No, I rarn't smokin' and if you don't believe me try ids cigar \ outsell", and see if it aint so. I han t ot any fire in it.' Well, constable takes the cigar, uts it to his mug, and draws away at it, and out omes the smoke like anything. 'I'll trouble you jr two dollars, M> SheritPs representative,' says ■assy,' for smokin' in the streets ; do you under onstand, my old coon?* Well, constable was' iken all aback, and finally bit. 'Stranger,' says e ' where was you raised ?'—' Th t Canady litie', ays Sassy. 'Well, says he,'you're a credit to our broughtens up. Well, let the fine dpgji, for ro are about even, I guess. L t's liquor;' It was titnerally tonsiderfid a great bite twtf. ■ — N. B. Advertiser. 