THE NATIONAL VICE AND REMEDY. BY SIR W. A'BECKETT, CHIEF JUSTICE OF VICTORIA. (From the Alliance, London Paper, of Sept. 16 ) ."SINCE the fall, man has met with no more dia 'bolical agent in the promotion of vice, and the seduction of virtue, than intemperance. Over 'every civilised nation it has cast the shade of crime and misery, and in none more so than 'these which profess the doctrines of Christianity. .Even this most practical, as well as most sub- lime, of all religions, has failed to stem the fear- ful and desolating plague, which, under the form of——— is daily and hourly carrying on its work of destruction amongst us. The bare idea of the approach of cholera fills us with terror, and awalcens all our care in the hope of preventing its approach. But strange to say, amid this vivid and laudable perception of the ills that cast their shadows before, we have altogether overlooked those which lie at our feet. The yawning gulph into which the victims of intemperance, one after another, .before our eyes, silently but surely fall, is gazed on with comparative apathy, even by those who 'dearly behold its depths. They see upon its brink the maniac, the murderer, and the sui 'cide-they hear, in their daily walks by its mar- gin, a " wailing and a gnashing of teeth"-but 'the scene is grown so familiar that it ex -cites no attention, save a passing sigh, and from ?too many draws nothing but a jeering smile. Criminal after criminal appears at the bar of justice, and tells his country that drunken- ness has brought him there ; but, alas, the j « country itself is infected, and in a recommenda- tion to mercy, or acquittal altogether, realises -the drunkard's hope that he shall not be punished for the drunkards' crime. Of course, we speak in general terms ; yet, J it is too evident that among a large class of the | . community, drunkenness is looked upon neither \- as a disgrace nor a crime. With not a few it is ' thought a good joke, and at all events matter 1 rather for laughter than regret. All who have _ heen in the habit of attending our courts during ?*< the criminal sessions may perceive this, in the bitter that generally follows the relation of a drunken scene by a witness who has participated . in it. The records of the police tell us the same' story ; and the press growing facetious ,over the subject, gives notes of the drunkard's doings under the euphonious appellation of a -"lushington." In ordinary conversation, too, people wax metaphorical and funny on the topic, and " two ¡sheets in the wind," or a "drop too much," is accepted as the legiti mate description of a fellow-creature, who, if .we may believe St. Paul, is on the high road to hell. Under the designation of " friendly glass," neighbours invite one another to taste the most insiduous poison that ever was invented by the ingenuity of fiends. Even the affections have been pressed into the cause of" the bottle," and "he who refuses to partake of it, or to supply it, is taunted with having a cold heart, or a close hand. Water drinkers are ridiculed as " white livered spoonies,"-public-house opposers as opposers of free trade,-and those who would .interdict spirit-selling altogether are branded as tfools or fanatics. There is something wrong in all this, but we are not surprised at it, and the -solution of the problem is simply this-" Where ?the truth is against the man, the man is against ?the truth." In the midst of these discouraging reflections ~we turn with pleasme to the contemplation ?of those counteracting influences which, under the banner of total abstinence, the different temperance societies have opposed, and are still vigorously opposing to the progress of our " National Vice." They cannot be too warmly too generously-too energetically encouraged. 'On them-we say so advisedly, and after much reflection and experience-the peace and well "being of this community depends more than all other societies put together. We shall not stop -to prove here what has been over and over again shown beyond the possibility of contradiction what, indeed, no one now a-days doubts,-that in this land diunkenness is the chief cause of poverty, disease and crime ; that the public house is the most frequent and nearest road to .the goal ; this, to all who have " ears to hear, and eyes to see," is a self-evident truth ; nor need we labour to show what is the obvious conclusion lo be drawn from this truth -that in proportion as intemperance disappears, poverty, crime, and disease will disappear also. The only question is how it shall be made to dis- appear, and to this we unhesitatingly answer through the medium of total abstinence societies, and the enactment of wise repressive laws. There is no room for theorising upon the subject, "for in every quarter of the world where the ex i périment has been tried it has succeeded, -Religion has failed to keep men sober-con \- science has failed - poverty, disgrace, and punishment have failed-the affections have *? failed-sickness, sorrow, remorse-everything .-in fact has failed but the pledge and practice of tatal abstinence. Men may indeed point to a \- few exceptions of broken faith, but these no more weaken the general truth than the death , of one or two individuals by small-pox after vaccination would disprove the efficiency of that remedy. We may wish that preaching and conscience, and a sense of his Creator's presence, would avert the \- drunkard's hand when he raises the fatal cup, instead of a promise to his fellow-creature, or an avowed recognition of the duty of abstinence ; . but that the former are inadequate to effect what the latter has accomplished, has been demonstrated too clearly to admit of dispute. We may regret the fact, but there the fact is >the controversy is at an end as to the efficacy of -total abstinence societies ; for wherever they vhave been established and encouraged, drun- kenness has diminished, and peace, order, and plenty have taken the place of debauchery, poverty, misery, and crime. Let us not be misunderstood in what we have said. We have asserted nothing inconsistent with our own conviction, or that of others, that religion is the highest, holiest, and most binding guarantee for the exercise of vir- tuous self-denial ; but, unfortunately, the pas- sions are often too strong for the conscience ;a_.d. the judgment of the most reli .gious ; they do not deny or repudiate the \- obligations of the latter, but they are over- eóme in attempting to obey them by the force of the former. In the words of our Scripture, " the spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak," with the best of us ; and any aid, therefore, wh'içh*ïhay innocently be laid hold on to uphold the one in obedience to the other, it is wise in all who are sensible of their own frailty to en- deavour to secure.1 We are at a loss, then, to perceive how religion is discredited by the adop- tion of any innocent means to assist us in ful- filling what it enjoys, or in avoiding what it condemns. In the eyes, however, of many well-meaning people, the taking of a pledge appears a species of-impiety. They do not object to total absti- nence, but only to the, means of enforcing it. s* Temperance, they say, is a spiritual duty, and to bind themselves to its performance by a covenant with the creature, is a virtual repu- diation of the obligation which we owe to the Creator. The remark is plausible, but the fallacy is obvious ; it assumes the pledge to be the foundation of the duty, whereas it is only an additional security for the performance of it. To call to our aid human agency in the prosecu- tion of what we find our own resolutions too weak to achieve is surely no repudiation of the divine. A collateral covenant does not supersede an original one ; an express promise to our neigh- bour does not detract from our implied respon- sibility for the performance of our duty to God. The history of human nature teaches us that a man's actions are frequently at variance with his convictions ; and that what he generally is deficient is not the moral sense, but the impulse to act in obedience to its dictates. The drunkard acquires no new convictions by pledgng himself, but simply takes a step which will best enable him to act in accordance with the convictions he has already formed. Over and over again, in all probability, he has exclaimed, " Video meuora proboque, Deteriora sequor." That sobriety is his interest and his duty, he has determined for himself before ; and the act of taking the pledge, therefore, so far from being in deroga- tion or subversion of the authority of religion is a testimony to his belief of it, and of his desire to act in obedience to its laws. So much for the objections to the pledge ; but there are no inconsiderable numbers who object altogether to the principle of total abstinence. They consider that the possible abuse of any of the gifts of Providence is no reason why they should be renounced altogether, and that it is more in accordance with God's word that those who drink wine or spirits to excess should be encouraged to drink moderately rather than not to drink at all. Now as to this, Scripture lays down no rule upon the subject, but while it leaves all men free to indulge or abstain, the ex- pediency of the latter is, we think, to be im- plied from more than one passage in the New Testament, as well as in the Old. But' inde- pendently of the passages which bear directly on the subject, we think the principle is sufficiently enunciated in our Saviour's expression, " If thine eye offend thee, pluck it out." He does not say, " Correct its vision ! gaze less intently -shift its point of view,"-but " pluck it out." The expression ia of course figurative, and ap- plies therefore to all kinds of offence, of which the conscience is susceptible through the me- dium of the senses, whether it enter through the eye, the ear, or the mouth. He taught, in ef- fect, that virtue might derive aid from wisdom, and He both showed us the way, and gave us the prayer for the avoidance of temptation and the deliverance from evil. A prudent general will rather retire from an enemy than risk defeat in an unequal contest, and the Christian soldier, with his soul at stake, may be well justified in retreat, if he doubts in his strength for victory. The drunkard, therefore, knowing his weakness, avoids his foe rather than grapple with him in a conflict he cannot sustain. Flight is his only safeguard-flight through the narrow, undevi ating path of total abstinence. It is evident from many parts of Scripture that strong drink is there held forth as a thing of peril, and the excessive indulgence of it de- nounced in connexion with the vilest sins both against God and man. We do not certainly find sfrong drink expressly and universally prohi- bited, but if we can find any one passage in which the abstinence from either is particularised as a characteristic sign or accompaniment of superior holiness, it is a negative argument that the use of them is, in some degree, inconsistent with, or inimical to, the attainment of that purity which a Christian should strive to attain. Now there is such a passage in the first chapter of Luke, in the angel's announcement to Zacharias of the birth of John the Baptist. The words of the angel are as follow : " Many shall rejoice at his birth ; for he shall be great in the sight of the Lord, and shall drink neither wine nor strong drink ; and he shall be filled with the Holy Ghost, even from his mother's womb." By the other evangelists he is described as living on locusts and wild honey, and Bishop Home goes so far as to ascribe to his ab- stinence that greatness of character foretold by the angel. Without reference, however, to Scripture, the experience of all ages has shown the de- moralising tendency of inebriating liquors on a people in the habit of partaking of them. The founder of Christianity knew this ; but as he did not seek to establish a religion of forms and restraints, he laid down no law upon the sub- ject, but left It to our own free will, under the guidance of our conscience, to determine for ourselves how far, and under what circum- stances, the lawful should be made to give place to the expedient. There is the liberty if we will take it ; but if there be a danger in avail- ing ourselves of its full extent is not self-de- nial wisdom : may it not even become a duty ? Mohammed introduced into the Koran a posi- tive interdiction against the use of wine. The Koran itself (chap. xi. v. 216) states the reason -" Because it is the source of more evil than profit." In another place it is thus condemned in company with gambling, idolatry, and witch- craft-" O ye who have become believers ! verily wine and lots and images and divining arrows are an abomination of the work of the devil ; therefore, avoid them, that ye may prosper" (ch. 5, v. 92). In reference to the same subject, Lane, in his edition of the " Arabian Nights" (Vol. I., p. 218), observes " This prohibition of wine hindered many of the prophet's contemporaries from embracing his religion. Yet many of the most respectable of the pagan Arabs, like certain of the Jews and early Christians, abstained totally from wine, from a feeling of its injurious effects upon morals, and in their climate, upon health ; or, more especially from the fear of being led by it into the commission of foolish and degrading actions." From what we have stated we are inclined to think then that Scripture rather tolerates than sanctions the use of inebriating liquors, whilst the fact is that by a religion numbering some millions of believers, it is absolutely forbidden, and was and still is among many Christians and Jews voluntarily repudiated, in consequence of its demoralising effects. If the truth of these propositions be conceded the expediency of total abstinence among all Christians becomes a ques- tion of too much importance to be hastily dis- missed or lightly treated. Its solution, so far as individuals are concerned, must be left to them- selves, and none are justified in setting up their own rule of action as a standard of right for others. We condemn, for that reason, the dogma- tism and assumption of the teetotalers in respect to those who differ from them, but we equally enter our protest against the spirit of scepticism and contempt in which they are frequently met by their opponents. We would advise both the friends of use and abstinence to bear with each other in their respective opinions, and to unite ratuer in a crusade against the actual existence of drunkenness upon ground where they can both meet than engage in contentious discussions which may, at the present moment, diminish the practical good their joint efforts are so well calculated to produce. We are agreed as to the cure : when the disease is got under, we may discuss, at our leisure, the best mode of prevention. But the disease is at its height, and we call therefore on all who wish to stay its baneful and pesti lentiil career to support total abstinence so- cieties. To the clergy of all denominations we emphatically appeal, as peculiarly bound to the duty, both by their opportunities and their vocation. Would to heaven that they would establish a mission to con- vert the Christian to sobriety, as well as for the conversion of the heathen to Christianity! Is it the fittest time to go out and tame the beasts of the forest, whilst the wolf is prowling in our own field! Would that, for the sake of those who compose the army of their common head, his ministers would fling aside the prejudices of church and creed, and form themselves iuto a holy league for driving away the enemy that "is daily thin- ning the ranks of each. The Alliance furnishes broad ground for efficient action. Christians-and we call upon all who profess that name-we look to you for help in the cause of the most wretched and depraved of your fellow-creatures. A fire, a shipwreck, an escaped slave, a distant pestilence or a fancy fair, drive you to aetion and excitement, and open your purses and hearts under the various influences of pity, fear, pleasure, benevolence, gratitude, joy, as the respective occasions may inspire. Be not then motionless at the horrible scenes which are acting daily around you, within almost a step of your own house. Look at that array of pandemonian dwellings under the name of public- houses, which arrest the eye wherever it turns, and ask yourselves, " Why, and for what is this ?" Enter one of them, and believe if you can that the actors in the drama that is going on there are your fellow-creatures, Christian men ! Do not leave them until you meet them in the gaol or the lunatic asylum, whither many of them are assuredly hastening, but make an effort to stop them by the way ; lead them, by every argument and persuasion you can use, from the den of degradation to the chambers of temperance ; and use your influence with magis- trates to limit, and with senators to suppress, the public temptations to our national vice. Allusion has been made to the society distin- guished by the name of the paper in which this article appears. The writer has made no more than an allusion to it, only because most of the above remarks were written prior to its establish- ment. But if the arguments heie adduced have any weight as regards the pledge of total absti- nence, they will tell with still greater force in support of a compulsory law. For the end sought by both is to deprive the drunkard of the power of continuing his career ; and the pledge is only proposed as a means to effect that end. But in every point of view the surest and safest guarantee-both for the individual and the country-is the enactment of an inter- dictory law, where the conscience as well as the hand, the body as well as the mind, will be free from temptation. Yes ; it is after all, under the banners of the " Alliance for the total suppres- sion of the Liquor Traffic" that the true and final contest with drunkenness and drink-sup- pliers must be fought. 