LITERARY EXTRACTS. SABBATH IN NORWAY. English Presbyterian Messenger . The day which followed was the Sabbath. We repaired to the Kors Kirke, or Cross Church, that in which Priest Reimers officiates. He is an exceedingly popular man—the Dr. Guthrie of Bergen. The church, wliioli holds four thousand, was so crowded that some of us hud to stand all the time. The prayers used were partly liturgical and partly extempore, and seemed ho devoutly joined in by the congregation. Singing enters very largely into the service, accompanied by the organ, but here aa in most of the other churches we visited in Norway, was distressingly unmusical. The sermon, followed, the pastor ascending the pulpit in black gown, and, instead of bands, wear ing a kind of frilled collar, or ruffle, all around the nedf, of two or three inches in depth, such as one sees in ancient pictures of Luther. The minister was animated and energetic in his delivery and so far ns wo could learn, for we at that time knew scarcely anything of the Norse language, his sermon was evangelical. The, communion was then dispensed, only about thirty of the vast audi ence, however, remaining to receive it. This arose in part r no doubt, from the practice (not. however, followed in all parts of the country) of celebrating the Lord’s Supper every Sabbath, a custom which, though pious in its design, does not seem to answer the purpose for which it is intended. We were pained to observe that there was a cruci fix over the altar, and candles at each side ; these candles were lighted during the communion service, and cx'ingulshed immediately at its close. It certainly strikes one as strange to find such ob servances associated with the venerable natne*of Luther, in the ‘Lutheran Church.’ There seemed to be less of palpable superstition’connected in the minds of the people with the candles, the crucifix, &c.;, than one might have supposed ; bat such things can hardly fail to excite a subtle supersti tious influence on the minds of the community. The communicants kneeling round the altar re ceived the communion in both kinds from the hands of the minister, who repeated to each a brief form of words indicating the spiritual- significance of the bread and wine. The minister chanted part of the communion-service alone ; and before leaving the altar, the clerk took off the stole, bear ing the cross embroidered upon it, which is only worn during this service, and laid it on the a’tar. Altogether the impression was left on our minds that the church and the priest were too prominent in this sacred service, and that there was conse quent danger of throwing into some measure of obscuration-Him whose body was broken and blood shed (or sinners. After this there was The chief peculiarity we- observed in it was that the vows were imposed upon the mother, not the father. The questions were addressed- to, and the responses made by her as she stood before the minister with a train of female friends, while the father stood aside with his friends. On repeating the words,. * I baptise thee in the name of the Eather, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, ’ the pastor thrice laved the head of the child with water at tin mention of each of the sacred names. He then laid his hand upon its bead and blessed it. The mother and her friends then passed round the altar, laying on it a gift wrapt in paper. The floor around the altar and along the passages was strewn with juniper twigs, which gave out an agreeable perfume. This custom is not confined to churches ; we frequently found juniper sprinkled in the lobbies and kitchens pPprivate houses. 