OLD DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. The: poet Gray has pleasantly told us that the best enjoyment during the dog days is " to lie on a sofa and read novels." Sultry hours may be as agreeably whiled away by turning over a volume of old newspapers. The Domestic Intelligence from March, sixteen hundred and seventy-nine to March, sixteen hundred and eighty, is now in our hands. The volume is not remarkable for thickness, and still less for size for newspapers in this early day were published but twice a week, and were but half-chests small folio, and thus scarcely larger than the broadside which displayed the last dying speech, or detailed the startling particulars of the last horrid Popish, or detestable Presbyterian plot. The publisher of this paper, however, filled his two pages well. There is close type, and narrow margin and although, of course, immeasurably behind the modern newspaper, the intelligence of those days, in extent of information as well as in the advantage of its wider circulation, was a great advance upon the earlier newsletter. It is curious to mark how with the great strife for liberty the era of newspapers commences and how his sacred Majesty himself was compelled by the force of public opinion to publish a journal at Oxford. During the Protectorate, newspapers were abundant ; but not the happy ' Restoration they dwindled down to the royally ' appointed Gazette. It is curious to look over these Gazette. All the time the plague was extending its fearful ravages, we find not a word during the week that London was burning, there is not a line noting the ruin of the first city of the realm, but, merely a week or two after a remark that orders had been given to clear away the rubbish ! Little foreign news ; but we are duly informed where the cour", is. No domestic news, except when his sacred Majesty's whereabouts is carefully indicated. Here is an edifying notice in sixteen hundred and sixty-nine : April twelfth, his Majesty is pleased to declare that I by reason of the approaching heat of summer, he shall continue to touch for the evil only till the end of this present month j after then, not till October. But, miserable as this dearth of news must have been to men who had been under the Protectorate, accustomed to their many newspapers, none suffered ; or, at most, but one or two occasionally and furtively appeared until the reaction consequent on eighteen years of misrule commenced, when the spirit of hostility to a prince whose after conduct showed how well merited that hostility had been burst forth so fiercely, that Charles, who, with "Vicar of Bray feelings, had declared that he would not be sent on his travels again, was compelled to pause and allow the act for restraining the liberty of the press to be repealed " Hereupon " says Roger Norton, " the press, became very licentious against the court and clergy." 10 doubt it would be, if truth were license and forthwith appeared some score intelligences, all professing to give full, true, and particular accounts of passing events, And on the wings of mighty to winds Came flying all abroad. Here is the account of the first attempt to establish a penny post : March 27, 1879 On Saturday the projectors for conveying letters to any part of the city or suburbs for a penny a letter, opened their offices in Lime street, at Charing Cross and Temple Bar, beside several inferior offices, at which they have hung out tables to advertise people of the thing j but the porters, not without good reason, supposing there will be a pen diminution, if not absolute ruin of their employment, have shown their resentment by taking down and tearing the said tables wherever they met with them. This violent maintenance of their vested interests on the part of the London porters is recommended to the notice of all who think the working classes were more obedient and tractable in the times of the fine old English gentle- man- the palmy days of Toryism. In subsequent numbers we find that some of the ring- leaders were punished ; but, on the whole, public opinion seems to have palliated their offence ; so when, some time after, " Dr. Titus Oates, 'tis said, saith this [the letter carrying]' is a project of the Papists," an effectual extinguisher was put upon the whole plan, and the penny-post postponed for at least twenty years. We may, smile at the continual allusions to Popish plots, which we meet in almost every number of our Domestic Intelligence ; but we must bear in mind that much was the natural result of preceding misrule and when, as Sir. Macaulay remarks, society was one mass of combustible matter, no wonder materials for igniting it were readily found. Thus, news from Bristol relates that many sheep have been found killed in the adjacent fields, and nothing but the fat taken ; also twenty cows milked of a night by some unknown persons part, as the editor remarks, of some bad mysterious plot of the Papists. A gentleman finds a parcel, of sky rockets in Smithfield ; a maid servant in the Borough discovers fire-balls in the cellar another part of the plot. A flaming sword had been seen in Oxfordshire ; a shower of blood had frightened-as well it might-a woman in Wales, while milking her cow ; Mrs. Shearer and her family, living near the Red Lion, Drury-lane, were eye-witnesses of a blazing star-all warnings against the popish plot. The papers during the summer abound indeed with these marvels. The following is worth trans- cribing : A carrier near Cirencester saw near Abingdon, just after surprising, the perfect similitude of a tall man in a sad-coloured habit, brandishing a broadsword : he disappeared, and then there appeared a village and woods. As might be expected, there were plenty of robberies, both on the highway and in private dwellings. The highwaymen were most audacious, stopping travellers though in large companies. Robberies in private houses were conducted much in the usual way, but some of the accounts are very suggestive. A house in Moorfields was robbed by two men getting over the garden paling, and breaking the casement. They carried off three flowered petticoats arid ' a Farendon gown, altogether worth ten pounds. A maid-servant coming over Red Lion fields in the dusk is robbed of a basket of linen been worth seven or eight pounds. Red Lion fields ? Moorfields ? Where are they Some young gentlemen seem to have anticipated the doings of the Waltham Blacks, for we find that a gentleman laying-out a place called Dulwich, having had many deer stolen from his park, kept watch, and found the deer stealers were no common men, but some of his neighbours. We have accounts of many serious duels, in which mostly one is killed. As these are always represented as resulting from sudden quarrels, mostly at taverns, over wine, or dice the danger of wearing a sword on ordinary occa- stone is forcibly proved. We have a passing hint of the early Mohawks in the notice that a person of honour-this is evidently a misnomer was charged with breaking windows in Lincoln's Inn Fields. As the winter approaches, we find many accounts of linkmen guiding passengers along the outskirts of the metropolis, and then robbing them. In the account of that great city festival, Lord' Mayor's Day, we are told that Sir Robert Clayton was met by the Artillery company in buff coats and red feathers, and that preceded by four pageants, all referring to the art and mystery of the drapers, to which worshipful company he belonged, he rode in solemn state to Guildhall. The next notice worth record is very curious : Last Friday morning, Nov. fourteenth, his Majesty and several of the nobility went on foot to Hampton Court ; they stayed sometime by the way, dined there, and returned to Whitehall the same evening, about six of the clock. The king had during the summer been seriously. ill, and we think there is little doubt that this excursion was planned to prove his complete recovery. He seems to have been at this time very anxious to conciliate the popular party, for we find it specially noted His Majesty hath given, strict orders for the removal of all papers and suspected persons from the palace and soon after it is triumphantly recorded that the Duchess of Portsmouth's servants are dismissed. The apparent bigotry of these feelings will dis-, appear when we remember that not only Stuart misrule, but French domination, were included in our forefathers' estimate of popery. The violent feelings of the times are yet further displayed in the exulting account occupying the whole of the first page of the domestic intelligence of the procession, on the seventeenth of November, the Pope burning, as it was called. On this day-the anniversary of Elizabeth's accession, and therefore considered more proper for a Protestant manifesto than Gunpowder plot day, which could bring only recollections of a family whom the nation might well wish to be rid of-crowds, we are told, assembled in upper Moorfield:, then a wide open space, where Finsbury-square now stands, and from thence at five o'clock the long procession of horsemen, attended by above a thousand links and torches, escorted the whole college of cardinals, and the Pope, all on horseback, and appropriately dressed, from Moorfields into Bishopsgate Street, and from thence to Aldgate, from whence they returned along Leadenhall Street, Cornhill, and Cheapside to Temple Bar, where a huge bonfire blazed right opposite the King's Head tavern, and where the Green Ribbon Club held their meetings. Here, while the Clubbists, with, hats, and no perruques, with pipes in their mouths, and merry faces, as Roger North indignantly records, filled the double balcony, the richly dressed effigy of the Pope, as large as life, was suspended above the bonfire, and amid the ringing of the bells, and shouts of the multitude, flung, at a given signal, into the bonfire. The procession really seems to have been mo% 2, splendid, and is estimated to have cost many hundred pounds. Roger North expressly attributes it to the contrivance of the Green Ribbon Club; the Brookes's of that day and when we remember that so long a procession was allowed to pass unmolested through the principal streets, that the city bells rang throughout the clay, and that business was suspended, we may well believe that, although a popular manifestation, it was at the suggestion of very influential men. From Roger North's most amusing Examen, we find that the same procession was made the two following years ; but then came the Tory reaction, and the Pope and Guy Fawkes remained alike free from all such discourteous celebrations until the Revolution, and then a third victim was sometimes added, in the effigy of the exiled monarch. There is little news to enliven the Christmas season ;, except one marvellous story of a terrible ghost which appeared at Lewes, in the shape of a man surrounded by fire and the gratifying intelligence that Lord Shaftesbury hath recovered from illness, to the joy of a good Protestants, together with the yet more gratifying news that his Grace of Monmouth, who had lately returned from the Continent, with several peers, to the no small joy of the city, was pleased to dine at the Crown Tavern, in Fleet-street where hundreds of spectators crowded to see him take coach. Soon after, we in-the Domestic Intelligence, now with the superadded title of the Protestant, more than half filled with- marvellous account of a gill in Somersetshire, who, during Monmouth's visit in the last summer, was completely cured of scrofula by the duke's touch. With much minuteness this document states how one Elizabeth Parrot, a girl of twenty, whose arm had been disabled by the king's evil, had had it borne in upon her mind that if she could but touch the duke she should be cured and how, regardless of her, neighbour's scepticism, and the anger of her mother, who threatened her with a good beating if she went, she proceeded to White Lodge, in Henton Park, and mingled with the crowd. Here " the duke's glove, as Providence would have it. the upper part hung down, so that his wrist was bare." Then she pressed forward, and caught hold on him by the bare wrist with her sore hand, saying, " God bless your greatness ;" and the duke answered "God bless you." The girl now rushed back overjoyed, though her mother declared she would treat her for her boldness, but she persisted she should be cured, and so, says the report, she was. To this marvellous story plenty of signatures are appended. First and foremost is that of the person of Crookhorn, then that of his clerk, of two captains, and five country gentlemen and the editor states that the original document may be seen at the Amsterdam coffee-house, This document has to us a solemn significance for this silly story, which was brought so prominently forward on Monmouth second visit to the west, led many a devoted but ignorant follower to his standard, and not improbably was the cause of his fatal error-that of allowing himself to be proclaimed king, instead of appearing among them simply as the champion of liberty. It is, however, a strange thing to find such a document in sixteen hundred and eighty-two find, not country clowns only, but London citizens, men who had lived under the protectorate, and lived prosperously, evidently believing the efficacy of the royal touch in scrofula, and, more, believing that the possession of the occult virtue was a sure indication of the true prince. , - Suggestive, however, as these passing notices of what occurred more than a hundred and twenty years ago may be, perhaps the character of the times in reference to domestic life, is more vividly exhibited in the advertisments, which, not in interminable columns, but by twos and threes, are squeezed in in a small type at the end. These are often curious, although they do not take a very wide range. Here, Castile, marble, and white soap, as good as can be made, is advertised, and also cordial drops, like all other cordial drops, suitable for every ailment. Then we have four pieces of tapestry hangings to be sold, full of silk and lively colours, to be afforded a great pennyworth. The days of dreadful sacrifices, the reader will perceive, had not yet arrived. The summer of sixteen hundred and seventy-nine was disturbed by the stupid and malignant Meal the Plot so soon after we have the following announcement : There is lately published a new set of very useful buttons for shirt sleeves or ruffles, there being described upon them some of the most remarkable passages of the late horrid plot ! We have mostly been accustomed to con ikler canary birds as not having been very long introduced into England, but we will find here that there will be some hundreds of rare canary birds to be sold at the house of Mr. James Dalton, the Three Tuns in Gracechurch-street. This advertisement is from time to time repeated. . I Notices of houses to let are frequent. There is Morton Abbey, containing several large rooms, with gardens, fish ponds, dove house, Newhouse, wood house, and a very fine chapel. Then the house in which Sir Thomas Davis, late alderman, lived on Snow kill, is to be sold, with four rooms on a floor, roll wainscoted ; o coachhouse, stables, and two gardens. Gardens on Snow Hill ! Yet people were beginning to seek after the country. Many a citizen cast a longing look toward Isling- ton : not the northern or western extremities of tot wide parish-for Highbury and Barnsbury were complete woodland then, while Holloway was only known as being on the Barnet road, and supplying the larger portion of London with milk and cream, - but up by the pleasant fields before you come to the Green and here were amy schools, almost rivalling the celebrated thools at Hackney. Among them Mrs. Salmon's lok perhaps I he highest place. Here is her high let's advertisement : would it had been used in eMail, that we might have learnt what 'k terms of a genteel boarding-school were in the reign of Charles the Second, and whether 4c silver spoons and the towels were required well as now ; the silver forks we know were but is coming into fashion, and then only for invalids. Mrs. Woodcock, Mrs. Salmon's daughter, who has kept the school in Freeman's Court, Royal change, is now removing to a great house at Islington, for the air, to keep a boarding-school ; hit Mr. Hughes, the dancing-master, will con- nue the school in Freeman's Court." We we some subsequent advertisements of Mr. Hughes and his dancing academy ; indeed, these Ne so popular at this time in London that the orator of the travels of Cosmo, Duke of Flo nee, ten years before this date, expressly tells h that his highness was taken to see one either. I There are a tolerable number of losses adver 141; The most numerous relate to dogs and Jones. For an extraordinary small spaniel a I'uinea reward is offered and for grey mares E? bay nags, the reward is always forty Palings. This is the sum- offered for a fat black boy, eighteen years old, in red' livery lined with green serge, green stockings,, and a grey hat; a reward which we hope, was never paid. Here is a curious bit of costume : On Sunday last, April sixth, I sixteen hundred and eighty, strayed, a child, three years old, in a red cap, striped gown,! orange petticoat, green stockings, and new shoes. When the description of the person is added, the advertisement often becomes very amusing. Thus, Nicholas Pricklowe, who has run away from his master at the Royal Coffee Mill, in, Cloth Fair, is described as a squat, thick fellow, I with dark brown hair. Mary Golding, who has taken French leave of her mistress, the laun- dress, and with more than belonged to her, is described as of middle stature, brown hair, and low, broad forehead. One Charles James is of middle stature, fl ixen hair, little curled pale, thin faced, and full grey eyes. Notices of trainers, supposed to have stolen goods in their possession, are frequent, and sometimes a list of property supposed to be stolen is published. Thus, in one John Robinson's possession, the following articles were found a flowered silk morning gown and mantle, some women's point sleeves, a pair of gold and red coloured fringed gloves, a tabby print watered waistcoat, a sad minimum coloured- coat-what colour could this have been with frost buttons, and button-holes edged with gold part. But for minute description, both of man and horse, perhaps the following advertisement for the apprehension of John Catchmead surpasses all. Twenty-four years of age, of middle ' stature, "something haughty in speech and carriage, very light-coloured hair, more like a short perusing, little beard, face somewhat reddish, by reason of the smallpox, but of cheerful countenance. He used to wear a grey hat, a sand-coloured coat, and used to travel about the country to sell rugs and cover- lids. He went off with a bay mare of long body, and thick fore legs, hooked nose, and your countenance. Only the accustomed forty shillings are offered for the apprehension of this remarkable pair. Towards the season of Christmas and the New Year we might expect to find some advertisements of Christmas fare raisins of the sun, or Jordan almonds, or ditto, then always used to give mincemeat a quality flavour, but there are no such announcements and then we call to remembrance that in those days the important science of puffing was quite in its infancy that our great great grandmothers dealt with the grocers and linen drapers, whose fathers had served their fathers and mothers before them, and that so far, simple souls, from welcoming thrilling advertisements of goods below cost price, and articles at a ruinous sacrifice, they would have shaken their heads, and at once in their imagination, have consigned the unfortunate puffed to the Counter, or more probably to New Bedlam. The following is the nearest approach to the modern style of advertisment : A small parcel of most excellent tea is, by accident, fallen into the hands of a private person to be sold, but that none may be disappointed, the lowest price is thirty shillings a pound, and not any to be sold under a pound weight, for which they are desired to bring a convenient box. Inquire of Mr. Thomas Eag e, King's Head Street, St. James's Market. Thirty shillings a pound, at a time when money was more than double its present value ! Truly, a dish of tea, in these days was a veritable draught of aurum possible. With the following very different advertisement, which appears in the Domestic Intelligence of December twenty-sixth, we must conclude : Whereas, on Thursday, the eighteenth, Mr. John Dryden was assaulted and wounded in Rose Street, Covent Garden, by divers men unknown : If any person, make discovery of the offenders to the said Mr. John ( Dryden, or any justice of the peace, he shall not only receive' fifty pounds, which is deposited in the hands of Mr. Blanchard, gold- smith, next door to Temple Bar, but if the discoverer be one of the actors, he shall have the fifty pounds without letting his name be known, or receiving the least trouble of any prosecution. 