LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. TUESDAY. I Iiir SPFUWR took the chair at twenty-five minutes , past three o'clock I WINDSOR ROAD TRUST BILL Mr GEORGE BOWMAN moved, that the Windsor Road Trust Bill, be in a second time. On the Bill being read a sect all time, Mr BOWMAN moved that its third reading stand an order of the day for Tuesday next INTEMPERANCE Mr LESLIE moved, in the absence of Mr Marsh, that the motion standing in the cure of that hon. gentleman "That the petition praying Legislative interference, to check the alarming and rapid increase of intemperance, be printed, be postponed until Tuesday next Motion postponed accordingly JOIINGUNMXG Mr COWPER, in the absence of Mr Campbell, begged leave to postpone until Tuesday next the motion standing in the name of that hon. gentlemen, " That the petition of John Gunning, ordered to be printed on the 16th instant, with all the papers relating thereto, be referred to the consideration of a select committee, and that sUch Committee consist of the following members, M7 -the Attorney-General the Audeioi Canons, Ali Allen, Mr Wm Bowman, Mr Cowper, and Mr Bligh BRIDGE ACROSS COOK'S RIVER Mr HOLROYD moved "that the 50th and 51st Standing Orders of this House be suspended in order to present a petition praying leave to bring in a Bill to form and make a D mi or Budge, 01 both combined, across the River called Cook's River, in the county of Cumberland in the colony of New South Wales, and for other purposes therein mentioned The Bill was one of a very simple nature, its object was merely to allow two gentlemen possessing land on either side of Cook's River, to throw a bridge 01 dam, of both combined over it, to make roads to the judge and to be serve a certain amount of toll for all traffic passing over it for the first 10 years, after which it should become public property Mr GEORGE BOWMAN seconded the motion On the motion being carried Mr NICHOLS begged leave to present the petition, with a copy of the Bill, which were received ROYAL MINT Mr MARTIN moved for leave to bring in a Bill to a grate the Branch of the Royal Mint in New South Wales It would be in the recollection of the House that he had brought this motion forward on a previous occasion, but had declined to press it at the request of his hon friend the Colony d Seen tar), who stated that he was in expectation of receiving information from the authorities in the mother country on the subject of the regulation of the Mint but on a further con sales men of the matter, he had come to the conclusion that no instructions which his hon friend might receive from the mother country could supercede the necessity of initiating some Act in reference to the emulation of the Mint, and the Act which he now desired to bring before the Council embraced matters which could notable settled by any other authority than the authority of that House, or by an English Act of Parliament All this was not the proper time to enter into discussion upon the merits of the Bill, he would briefly state that it provided that the Branch Mint about to be established in this colony should be placed on precisely the same footing as the Ro)ttlMmtin and that any person may take gold bullion to the mint and rective coin for the same free of charge, or he may take silver, lib Uoj of which may be gained into 66 shillings, for every pound troy of silver 4s per pound troy being the amount of seignorage No preference to be ten on to it divi- ducks but may person taking bullion to the Mint, should have ore coined according to priority of application and it was provided that every) individual taking gold or silver to the Mint to be coined, should receive a certificate for the same There was also a clause which referred to clipped and def iced coin, now in use He would not discuss the merits of the Bill, but base h is to %tr is not Air A OSBORNE s condemn the notion The SOLICITOR GENERAL would suggest to the House, that the Bill now sought to be produced by the hon member for Cook mci Westmoreland was not a Bill which could with propriety, be introduced by a representative member It was a matter which the hon. gentleman should have suggested to the Government, in order that they might have brought in the Bill I the COI ONJ VT SECRETARY The hon. member for Cook and Westmoreland, had spoken to him on the subject and he had informed that hon. LCL learn that the superintendent of the Mint had not arrived, but that he expect d his naval very shortly the Government could not at present support my measure with regard to the man agement of the Mint, until some communication had been received from the proper authorities He was not aware that the Bill which the hon gentleman sought t > introduce contained in thing objection! ble, but he thought it was a Bill which ought to IOL,U1 its the Mint, and its provisions. were of a proper eli n acted But the Government would not be in a pa per pound in to bring any Bill before the House until thcamvalof the gentleman who is to superintend the operations of the branch of the Royal Mint Mr DARVALL, Whether the Bill now sought to be introduced was a proper one to be brought in by a private member, or a member of the Government was a question of very great importance It was imp ruling that the proper functions of the Crown members should not be Bruised, but no privilege should be abandoned which belong d to themselves for the present he hoped his line and learned friend the Solicitor General, would reserve and not press his objection The SOLICITOR GENERAL It struck him that the present was the proper time to press an j objection which existed in reference to the introduction of the Bill The question was, whether it was right that his hon friend, being a representative member, should be allowed to bring in the Bill at all. It the Bill were introduced by the hon member, and if, when it came to a second reading, its principles were such is the Government would be inclined to support, he did not see what objection could be made to it. He would therefore song best that its introduction be postponed Mr COWPER was inclined to agree with his hon and learned friend the Solicitor General if the objection was a real done, then the present was the proper time to urge that objection He felt the force of a hit had fallen from his hon and learned friend and should vote accordingly Mr MARTIN quite agreed with his Inn and learned friend the Solicitor General that the Bill was one which ought to he brought before the House by the Government members, but he saw no prospect of the Government bringing in such a Bill, and as he was one of those who took an interest in procuring the establishment of a branch Mint in this colony, he did not wish to see the design frustrated by wrong policy or neglect on the part of the Government. The Government had pledged themselves to a certain line of policy, in a speech made on the subject by his honourable friend the Colonial Treasurer, a charge was to be made of about 2 or 2 J per cent, on the coinage of gold, when the Mint should be established His honorable friend had not made that speech without consulting the other members of the Government on the subject, and therefore he had a right to assume that the substance of the speech was the settled policy of the Government, and that it was directly opposed to the general tenor of the Bill he sought to introduce the object of the Bill was simply to esta wish the same policy as was established in the Royal Mint in England He hoped the House would not depart from their usual course, but would allow the Bill to be brought in and punted He believed the Government would not bring in any such Bill, and he therefore wished to introduce it in order that it might be fairly discussed by the House, after the Bill was printed, if the Government approved of the principles which it expressed, he would at once move that it be withdrawn, in order that it might be brought in by the Government The COLONIAL- TREASURER had not stated in his speech that the Government had determined upon any rate of seignorage, but had merely observed that a proposition had been made which had been recommended in the resolution of the Council What the rate of seignorage should be, the Government had not yet determined, what he really stated was, that the amount of seignorage ought not to be more than 25 per cent. Mr MARTIN was not aware of any recommenda- tion to that effect, The SOLICITOR-GENERAL divided the House ; the following was the result : Ayes, 8. i ' ? Noon, 13. Mr.. Cox " The Colonial Secretary I Mr.'TlTui>li>y Mr G Bowman Mr Darvall Mr. Oalica ' Dr. Douglass Mr Short Mr. A. Osborne Mr. Park Mr. Egiu Sir. Nichols Mr. Martin I T M The Coloni-il-Trcnsurcr Mr. Morris j Tellgri Mr. Cowper The Collector of Customs Mr. Il.Oiborno Mr. Barker Mr. Leslie Mr. HHMII The Auditor-General Mr. Put her Chief Commissioner of Crown Lands Mr. Finch Mr. Parkes ) Inspector-General of > Tellers. Police J CHARLES WINDEYER, ESQ. Mr. NICHOLS postponed his motion till Tuesday next, " That an Address be presented to the Governor-General, praying that his Excellency will be pleased to cause to be placed on the Supplementary Estimate of Expenditure for the present year, the sum of £500, as a gratuity to Charles Windeyer, Esq., late Senior Police Magistrate of Sydney, in addition' to his pension, the same having been found insufficient for his support." HEBREW ENDOWMENT. Mr. NICHOLS moved, "That an address he presented to the Governor-General, praying that his Excellency will Tip pleased to send down to this House a Bill toauthuiJr.i! the payment of a stipend to a minister of religion for the congregation of persons professing the Hebrew "Faith established in the city of Sydney, containing an Appropriation Clause from the General Revenue, of the annual sum of two hundred pounds: ? It would probably be in the recollection of honorable members that a motion similar to the present one had been brought before the House in the previous session' of Council, on which occasion the votes were fourteen for, and fourteen against the motion, which was lost by the casting vote of the Speaker. The Jews now sought to be placed upon the same footing with persons professing the Christian religion, upon the ground that they contributed equally towards the revenue, and in making this request, they were actuated more by a desire to obtain justice, than by any merely pecuniary consideration. The Government had partially recognised the justice of their claim, in granting them a sum of £1000 for payment of a debt which they had incurred for the erection of their place of worship, and b) also allowing them a grant of land, for the erection of a building for the education of their children. The Synagogue had been established in Sydney during twenty-three years, and the number of congregants who attend divine worship in the Synagogue, including women and children, was 500\. The number of Jews in Sydney, according to the census taken in 1851, was 633 and in the County of Cumberland 31, making a total of 667. Allowing for the probable increase since 1851, the number of Jews was probably about 1267, that was estimating the increase at 000. The annual expenditure of the Synagogue in Sydney was, for the salary of the Chief Rabbi, £600 for the reader, £100; for the assistant reader, £130; for the Slaughterer and Inspector of-Cattle, £125; for the Synagogue keeper, £35 for the Keeper of the Burial-ground, £30 and for the Secretary, £120 ; making a total of £11 GO. To this might be added for casual relief to the poor, £70 and for incidental expenses, £210 ; making the total expense of the Syna- gogue annually amounts to £1770. On the other hand, the annual income of the Sydney Synagogue showed the following account : Raised by rent of seats, £750 ; thus leaving a deficiency to be raised by voluntary contributions, amounting to £1020. The Jews were, moreover, a very benevolent race, and besides contributing bountifully towards the maintenance of christian benevolent institutions, they supported several of their own. One philanthropic institution supported by the Jews was, for assisting and supporting indigent Jews. This was established in 1833, and the amount of subscription from the commencement to the present time was £-1337 6s. 6d. The annual subscriptions were about £376,. and the amount of relief paid weekly was £6 2s. 6d. The Jews also supported the Ladies' Dorcas Society, established in 1844, for the purpose of granting relief to distressed Jewish females. The amount of subscription from its commencement to the present time was £796, and the present annual subscription was £10. The Jewish Orphan Society was established in 1850, for the maintenance, education, and apprenticing of Jewish orphans. The amount of subscription from its commencement up to the present date was £363 10s. 8d. The amount of annual subscription was £140, and the monthly expenditure for the support and schooling of orphan children was £5 10d. The Jews had also founded educational and scientific institution. In 1818 they established a Jewish library, for which they had subscribed £250, and the library consists of 600 Hebrew and English standard works. A Hebrew Grammar School was also in progress, and 1588 subscribed towards its erection ; £1000 of that sum had already been expended in quarrying and preparing the stone for the erection of a suitable building, upon a piece of ground granted for that purpose by her Majesty's Government. The Jews, therefore, on the strength of the partial recognition which they had obtained, asked for the small allowance of £200, for a stipend of a minister of their religion. They had obtained the services of Dr. Adler, as chief Rabbi, of person of great educational acquirements, and a profound linguist, whose qualifications might prove useful not only to persons of the Jewish persuasion, but to all classes of the community who were desirous of receiving instruction in the languages. As he had said before, the motion brought before the House during last session for a similar purpose, had been opposed by the Government, and vetoed by the Speaker's casting vote, but he hoped that upon this occasion it would meet a better fate. The benevolence of the Jews had been amply illustrated on the day of humiliation and fasting, when they had contributed the sum of £360 towards the collection for the widows and orphans of soldiers who may be slain. (Hear, hear.) The COLONIAL SECRETARY opposed the motion upon the ground that a particular amount was placed upon the schedule for religious purposes, which was defined with regard to the manner in which it was to be appropriated, and no sum of money additionally could be paid for such purposes without supplementing the schedule No permanent allowance could be made out of the schedule to any body of dissenters except those who were included in the Church Act of Sir Richard B Burke But the hon. member for the Northumberland Boroughs said that the Jews were desirous to be placed upon the same footing with other religious dition minutions, yet, if the motion was passed, primion would have to be made for them out of the general revenue The stipend would have to be voted annually by the Council, and therefore they would not be placed upon the same footing with those who received aid for the maintenance of their ministers from the schedule Therefore, it must be apparent that the Jews would not obtain their object by the allowance of a stipend for their minister out of the gi ner is revenue, and there was another reason why the motion should not be acceded to. He considered that aid should only be given to those who actually stood in need of it, with regard to matters of religion, and nobody could believe that Jews were in any need on the contrary, they were all aware that they possessed great wealth When their mean, were deficient to meet the requirements of those who had claims upon their support, he doubted if the House could with propriety accede to the motion And with regard to the argument of the hon. member for the Northumberland Boroughs that the Jews were entitled to State support for religious purposes in common with other denominations, because they contributed towards the revenue a similar argument might be adduced in behalf of a society of Mahommedans if they produced some article taxed by the State, and contributed largely to the 10 revenue If this argument of the hon, member went for anything, then the Government would be bound to make provision for every sect or creed ere tanto. But he hoped the House would well weigh the" matter before they assented to the motion of the hon, member. Mr HOLROYD was surprised to hear such arguments as had been brought forward by the hon Colonial Secretary, in order to shelve the Bill In his opinion the question was not one of the schedules, but one of a light, and he appealed to the House, if, in accordance with justice, the Jews ought to be shut out from their fair share of the emolument granted for the support of other sects and creeds, merely because their forefathers were born in Palestine. With regard to the hon. gentleman's remarks about Mahommedans he believed the honourable Colonial Secretary would rejoice as much as any person in the community, at the arrival of two or three shiploads of them in Sydney. For his part he confessed that he would much rather have the services of Mahommedans than of Christians on the score of temperance, industry, and fidelity. With regard to the dread entertained by the hon. gentleman that they would require state support for their Mollahs, he would rejoice to see their minarets adorning the city Amongst Blithe classes with whom he had mingled in the world, he had never witnessed ««,17-"^ as among the Mahommedans , shows, his religion he would turn Mahomet 1 JETTY He felt a high respect for the Jews first? straw lence as citizens was everywhere cornered excel city, which was evinced in the srS 3 n in which they had in a meat LI,!:* hustings erected He felt that i&^^ZT** to be wishes of the Jews, even if they did treasures meet the principle for which some lion in ""' 3y,Up°nth[l' treat stiedcrs-the principle of the while Such them look at the conduct of the Jews o, l" less Le' in contrast with that of Christian II last Friday, the large church of St James', wViTs^C?3 Is wealth congregation, about £250 only was S"5?11'1 for the orphans and widows of some, 6ft Jews, who so far from taking active "Tis is "a matter ought, if selfishly inclined ?" b 5" s. Peace Society, composing as they did a mrT ? some of society, subscribed as much as any three "sent in Sydney When they considered "Li rights played by the Jews in contributing, as several? 1" to the Christian and Sectarian purposes not d' they ought not to grudge them the allowance, of 2 per annum which they sought for He USA lore second the motion ould thW Dr DOUGLASS should support the motor the same principle which had induced him 0" a f" I occasion to vote for a sugar motion ski brought forward by the honorable and learned 1 T V for Sydney, Mr Wentworth On Tons upon the present one, he had heard no niLuml, "I should induce the House to reject the " UCh All that the horn Colonial Secretary Stud LUZON was that it was not written in the book of the the schedules the same argument had been nA iigamstincieasmg the salaries of the poor eW in the colony, who were left to exist upon BE stipend than was alloted to a third class clerk in the clergy applied for relief they were members answer ' we cannot increase the schedule 's when the Jews seek what they are met with' " are not found upon the schedules " The Je'un 'is? not make the request so much for the sake of the amount of money, us for the des ~e which they turally felt to be placed upon the name footing New, their fellow-citizens He denied the applicability of the schedules to the case be brother House forth light percent by the motion that it contemplated 1 address to the Governor General for Bill to alter them a stipend The Jeyvswre a good, loyal and chanticleer of citizens and neither on a fonZ nor on the present occasion, had a voice been rain] ngttinsttlicm as a body, and to deny their request would be a 11 grant act of injustice IS. should- support the. motion most cordially Mr COWPER could not support the motion yet he was not prepared to say that under ihcsi-stcm of state support the Jews were not as much entitled equally with others If the Government supported one established Chvvrch, he would support that policy but such not being the case, he thougr-Ulfl;bist course' they could adopt who did so to leave all religions to self support He had always voted against simple Hunting the schedules, and on that score he has voted began at the motion of a -smaller measure of 'hostelry and learned member for Sydney, Mr Wentworth A j set of late WE it proposed by Act of Parliament for the support of public worship and it was optional with her Majesty to have demoted a sum of thn'inonevto ihcJcvsns well as to other denominations Sarasate 1 al not done so it did not become the Hwstc-mter fere with the appropriation He believed that the Council could not legally vote this turn of money But he had never yet given his vote fornnysutnof money supplementing an appropriation by Act of Pat liament, nor would he ever do so until they had a constitutes n of their own Mr DARVALL never felt so great an inclination to shirk for an expressing his opinion upon any question as up in the one before the House Because religious feels g in god him one way, while a sense of tstiM inclined him the other, He should pursue the same course which he had upon all occasions pursued mil remind to the schedule time of endeavouring to get over the legal difficulty and to do the thing which just He repeated his previous assertion, that the b he did not recognize any religion in theiolony,not professing to judge v 1 ich creed was right onshich was wrong And he asserted that they had no right to sit in judgment upon the peculiar means of any creed, but they were bound to exercise that seen tolerance to others which they contended for on their own account, unless by so doing they were liable to foster some monstrous or abominable practices re payment to morality and to common sense He could not see upon what pretence they could refuse to accede to the present motion, for whether the Jews were right or wrong in their belief, did not do away with their undoubted right to claim equally with other denominations a portion, of that revenue to which they equally con tributed It the) themselves were like the Jews in minority, how bitterly aggrieved they would be, if compelled to contribute, tow aids the religious funds of others, and a fair prop action disallowed them He felt convinced that the Church Act of Sir Richard Bourke had been quite subversive of the principle of state support, and the Church (God help her when the time arrived) would soon be left to voluntary support, and to a condition of gmt difficulty type of idly in the remote districts of the colony, where the wants of the clergy could see reel) be supplied but as there was no State Church in the colony, and the in my on the schedule was distributed to different denominations, he saw no reason why any exception should be more unfavourable to the Jews Mr P VRhCS did not like to give a silent vote on a question of such importance as this He was one of those who now has opposed the principle of stirrup port to religion , but as a certain portion of the public in me) was set apart for this purpose, he thought the Jews were equally entitled to a share in the disbursement with all other der regulations The only doubt which he had in acceding to the vote now asked for, was that it might precipitate the Government and the Legislature into an inconsistency in reference to the schedules But still, as he could not but admit that the Jews, under the circumstances, were entitled to a share of that support which was extended to other denominations, he would vote for the motion before the House The SON RICH OR GENERAL also supported the motion He did not" consider this at all a Government question, or one in which the Government were in an) wa) pledged the hon. member for Durham had referred to certain legal opinions of the Crown Law officers of England, relating to the question of augmenting the schedules The hon. gentleman how ever, had filled to produce these opinions, and he (has Solicitor General), from all he knew on the subject, was inclined to believe that no such opinion existed Wh never might be the policy of increasing or supple minting the schedules, he certainly could not turn it was illegal to do so in the manner proposed IMS was a vote for a specific purpose, having no direct reference w whatever to the schedules aid he could, not see any reason why it should not be passed and brought into operation in the same way as many other similar votes of the House He could not quite as ce with those hon. members who thought this question either a purely political or purely rcli6wi>s one Although he would not go with the non and learned in met for the Western Boroughs so far as to laYOur Mahnmcruiiiism, still he thought that all denomina- tions whose religious tenets were not absolutelyrcpub sent to our moral feelings were entitled teams the rate set apart for religious purposes The ""j" religion was very diffident horn hint of the Mining dies inasmuch is the 1 charcoal not be -taxed, while the former was in some respects similar tom on a 1 he Jews did not differ from them in away the fundamental doctrines of Christianity, the) merely stopped short at a certain point on which various entertained opinions peculiar to themselves a miner, these opinions he could not consistent'" this question simply as a political ta«,''«'^ consent to extend state support to any <>"«>»«*? whose religious views 'were directly opposed to each respect to their own Mr LESLIE agreed that this was not account ment question, and that hon. say it, ought to do strictly in accordance with their senses, and without reference to any rules «the augmenting or cutting down the schedules 12 could be no doubt that a considerable summons was appropriated by Act of Pailiuuicn»£J general revenue, and considering that the Jess tributed) largely to this icy came, he t hough t W were as much entitled to State support any denomination For these reasons, therefore, we vote for the motion ""miners did not Mr MARTIN, like other tion may use I like to give a silent vote upon this mass. is a &h9; tU more anxious to say a few words just now, I was not in the House when the aT*T*^'^ last session The hon and learned Sowry m appeared to be of the same opinion uV rae y, Judaism and Christianity a' , The very But he imagined that such an opimon"*,«*, d b, little currency in that House There <****»& us that the constitution of England was ouse thepuncples of Christianity, and wishes exist yet woogniMd any other "legion was Jbff a colony Andifsuchvvnsthecase.vvhyshouWtheymt take upon themselves to the steersman and a V Rice the great constitutional principles a v of country As he had sold before, the whole of the law s Of And were based upon Christianity and the question for them to determine now was whether they O allow people who professed themselves to be ft distinct and separate nation, to step in and share with them those privileges which were intended for British subjects alone, and which are, peculiar to the Christian auspices Zter which they lived The Jews had always avowed themselves a distinct and separate race, and he had always looked upon them as such It was not incompatible with their isolated character that they should emigrate to a country like this, and remain in it so long as it was convenient and suited their worldly interests The hon member for the Western Boroughs, who prided himself upon being over) extensive traveller in the East, had spoken of Christians being inferior to Mahomedans and Jews in those parts, where he had an opportunity of seeing them come Detmg with each other But the hon member omitted to describe the miserable political condition in which the Christians of Syria were placed, being obliged to submit to the slavish domination of the links If the Christians were naturally inferior why should they not be inferior in all parts of the world, instead of being, as they were in many cases, the most enterprising and intelligent of the human family Then again they were told that the Jews did not want this vote merely for the sake of its pecuniary value, as they were too rich to require such a paltry sum If this was really their opinion, what motive could they help e in asking for this vote, unless they sought by a side wind to get the House pledged to the principle of granting state support to religious principle which it must be borne in mind the House had repeatedly and indignantly) repudiated This, it appeared to him, was the only object of the parties moving in the matter, and he warned the House, that if they acceded to this motion they would establish an entirely new principle In civil and political matters he would extend to the Jews all the rights and privileges which were enjoyed by Christians under the British Government I his was what the Jews enjoyed in the mother country, but the Imperial Pallid went had never yet recognised in any shape whatever the religious position of the Jews As a case in point, he would observe that the very last bill which was introduced into Parliament for the purpose of removing the religious disabilities of the Jews was thrown out by a majority of four He had no doubt that the question as introduced by the honorable member (Mr Nichols) was a very popular one, and one which was likely to enlist the sympathies of a large number of intelligent persons The Jews in this colony had by their numerous acts of charity, and their general usefulness as members of the community, secured to themselves many friends But then this had nothing whatever to do with the subject. The question was not whether they should perform an act of liberality to the Jews, but whether they should so far stultify themselves as to assert a principle which they had all along opposed the honorable and learned Solicitor General had drawn an invidious distinction between the religion of Mahommedans and that of Jews, arguing that they might consistently grant state support to the latter, but not to the former It was difficult to perceive upon what premises the the hon and learned gentleman could deduce such an argument, seeing that they both the Mahommedans and the Jews, worshipped one God, that they were, in fact, both Unitarian in their belief Then, again, the motion asked for the support of a Jewish minister in Sydney without reference to other localities But, really, if they once assented to the motion he did not see why they should limit their liberality to Sydney Why should they not provide for the support of a minister at Goulburn, the little New Jerusalem, as it had been called (Hear, hear ) Under all the circumstances he thought the present was a most inopportune time for deter- mining a question of this nature, and he should, therefore, vote against the motion Mr NICHOLS replied, remarking that he did not At all surprised at the opposition of the hon. member for Durham, who had always believed that every sect was founded in error except his own, the Episcopalian (Hear, hear ) Under this impression, the hon member regarded the Church of England as the only religion we worthy of support, but he (Mr Nichols) sincerely) hoped that the day would never arrive when they would see in this colony a State Church (Hear, hear) As he had said before, the Jews contributed largely to the general revenue, and as the other denominations were supported out of this fund, he contended that the Jews we are entitled to a like consideration at their hands He contended that the schedules had nothing w h ley or to do with the question, as there was really no proposition to supplement or curtail them. He was surprised at the opposition of the hon. member for Cook and Westmoreland At all events he expected to have heard something like arguments from that hon. gentleman, instead of vague assertions to the effect that the Jews were an isolated and distinct lace So far from this being the case, he (Mr N ) would ask any hon, member whether the Jews of this country were not the bona-fide settlers of the land, whether they had not a very large amount of capital at stake in the general prosperity of the country, and whether an Y class of people could be more active in providing for the education of their children, so far as the capabilities of the colony would admit (Cheers ) It was a matter of great satisfaction to him that the Hebrew community paid so much attention to the education of their children, and he had great hope that he would yet live to see a young Australian Jew of high intellectual att ail- ments occupying a seat in that House, notwithstanding an) disabilities which may at present stand in the way In the course of his remarks the hon. member read the following from D Israeli " Nor is it affords historically true that the small section of the Jewish into while a new li in 1 distinct rejected Christine the reverse is the truth I 11 It not when li r the laws of 1 testing the good tidings of our 1 and would have been unknown for ever to the northern n I western fires The first preacher s of the G spel were Jews, and tone cure their torians of the Gospel were Jews, and none else It one as ever been permitted to write under the n r men of the Holy spirit exec] t ii Jew for nearly a century no one believe in the good tidings except Jews they nursed the s fulltime of which they were the con cor dod unit hereditary) idea stones Vniiwutn the time was ripe to discuss the truth is out, the i thinks it was not a Senator of Ko no or ii llilloioiiher of Athens who was person ill) appointed by e an I or I for that office but a Jew of I urana, who fell led the SLY l churches of Asia And that can enter chin eli, to it even a mi I us icmuleeoiniptiotis that his avenged the victory of liars b) sub lUfcJtmg the capital of the die is, and Ins elia aged ever) one of the Oljn pian temples into altars of the God of Mimi and of Cil- Mary, waste untied by another Jew, to Jew of a like The House divided on the motion, which was composed as follows - Ayes, 20 Noes 20 Mr J R in The Cold in ii secretary Mr Holroyd Mr C How man S'. rights Mr Cmp r the Collector of Customs Mr W irtm Mr Brundle) the ColuiiulTreasmcl Mr Leslie Jil Cor i. VV1"1""''11 The Au mor Goner U The Solicitor General Captain June "Darvall Mr 1 in her v Mr Parkes Thelnsi i tor General Tollere or I"'!,'! of Police Mr W I abortion Mr Darker Mr Smart Mr Hood The Postmaster General Chief Commissioner of Crown ands Dr Douglass Mr Nichols I e, " Mr Morris Tellers MESSAGE The following message from his Excellency the Governor General was lead and received - ClIUlLUI A In the, Governor General The Governor General has received with a grateful sense of the liberality of the Legislative Council, the Ad ire of the loss agreed to on the 1st instant, and he fe is that the great men shuffled rule mere rise in the expenses of his household will j notify us acceptance of the propose I augmentation of his salary, 11 it be ultimately granted But before sending down a Hill for the proposed appropriation. M requested by the Council his 1 Noelle ne) consider red it need s n v consult the ( rown Lin Officers, who have claimed him to norn lone' hand this step until he shall have received the express appended 5 V 0°P> "" the Psalm of those "116" ' 'a limit ,1'"(S''';,10J1 entirely e incurs in this opinion, and as the ma., i. "if he ?»'.iM-lf Person lily and expensive el), he conceives it to be most fitting that he should adhere to the s net as JL V S "VII ,in!'f'>etion , and I to take no p art which might 6 pm even the semblance of the station of the note by himself arise viz Clear P^J,"11 the ref re Proposes to transmit t a copy She is },d,dlcB,s,tu his", Grace the Score tory of State for the Coin ieV HM«.!t.."iíU.1V!n9LíítohBr ,IlJeilty« Pleuro on the subject »Ms'Äthorigh bourse ^ therewith "are in ""Worths Oov rnment House, Sydney August 22, 1851 Ordered to be printed with the accompanying dent cm" ASSENT TO BILL The bl BAKER reported that his Excellency the Governor General had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the Law of Ev ide net. Bill } MR "W BROOKS air NICHOLS, as Chairman, brought up a progress report from the Committee appointed to inquire into the claim of Mr Wm Brooks, Captain Wm Du »,STaml,Wm Pitt Faithful, Esq. referred on me 7th. June last, in reference exclusively to the claim preferred by the former Ordered to be printed M xrTT2?A"DE Or MORPETH in Ju SiCH eLs. moved that an address be presented w.llvLGovern°r-G°neralpra)ing that his Excellency shall be pleased to cause to be laid upon the table of this House, a return of the number and tonnage of vessels arriving at Morpeth, from the 1st April, 1853, to the 30th June, 1854 ; of the number and tonnage of vessels which, within the same period, have left Morpeth for Melbourne and other ports beyond the colony; and of the value (as near us may be) of the produce exported from that port within the same period. He explained that the return asked for was merely in continuation of a similar return laid on the table for last The motion having been seconded, was put and carried. " " CALL OF THE HOUSE. Mr. MARTIN moved that a Call of the House be ordered for Tuesday, the 26th of September next. His object he said in making this motion, was to secure a full House when the second reading of the Bill relat- ing to Barristers and Attorneys came on for discussion. It would be remembered, that when he brought it before the House the other evening the motion for the second reading was strongly objected to, on the ground that the hon. and learned Attorney-General and other hon. members would not be present to watch its progress through the House. The second reading was therefore postponed for six weeks, and he now wished to carry out the wish of of the hon. and learned Attorney-General by securing as large an attendance of members as possible, when the matter next came on for discussion. But he had also another object in view. He found that really very little of the important business of the session had as yet been got through. The Government had many measures of importance to bring down to the House, and consi pering that they had as yet had hardly entered upon the consideration of the estimates, he did think it was extremely desirable that they should have a full House about the time specified in the motion, when in all probability the most important business would come under discussion. The course which he now asked the Council to adopt was strictly Parliamentary, and so far from thinking that it would be attendant with any great inconvenience, he thought it would be highly advantageous to the country if these calls were made periodically. Mr. COWPER seconded the motion, which was put and passed. COAL BILL. On the motion of Mr. PARKES, the second reading of the Coal Bill was postponed to Friday next. SYDNEY AND MELBOURNE STEAM PACKET COMPANY'S BILL. On the motion of Mr. HOLROYD, the House went into Committee for the further consideration of the Sydney and Melbourne Steam Packet Company's Bill. Several clauses for the carrying out of the objects of the Company, of a technical character, were introduced, and passed. The Bill was then reported, with amendments, to the House, and the report was adopted. The third reading was ordered to stand an order of the day for Tuesday fortnight. UNPAID JUSTICES' BILL. Mr. DARVALL begged to postpone the second reading of the Unpaid Justices Bill to that day four weeks. * OLD BOTANY AND COOGEE ROADS BILL. Mr. NICHOLS postponed his motion for the second reading of the Old Botany, Randwick, and Coogee Roads' Bill, until Tuesday next. GOLD AND SILVER CURRENCY BILL. The order of the day having been called for the resumption of the adjourned debate on the Gold and Silver Currency Bill, Mr. PARKES said When he was induced to move the adjournment of the debate on the second reading of this measure, he felt simply very considerable hesitation about admitting the unpopular principle which the bill involved. It was because he was then in considerable doubt as to what the effect of the bill would be, and not from any distinct objections to the provisions it contained and it would not, therefore, be necessary for him to detain the House at any great length in the observations he should have to address to it. The hon. member who had introduced this Bill chose to indulge in language respecting the intelligence of those who were opposed to it, which, to say the least of it, was very uncalled for, and had characterised all argument against this measure as the result of great ignorance. Now, if the measure before the House were one only to define that the gold coin of England should be the only legal tender for value above forty shillings, he should certainly not raise his voice against it. But the Bill did not stop here ; it called upon them to legalise the coinage of a Mind in the colony, which was not yet in existence, and with respect to the establishment of which great differences of opinion prevailed. Although a large expense had been incurred in the preparations in the colony for the establishment of the mint, and although the House had by its resolution asked for such an institution, there were many men who thought it would be wise in them to pause before any measure should be passed, such as was now presented to them, which should pledge them positively to the establishment of a Mint, he believed the House ought not to act on any impulse on this important question that they ought in all sobriety of opinion to pause before they consented to affirm any act of the previous session, simply because it had been passed in the previous session. He had had some opportunity of considering the merits of this Bill since the last discussion upon it, and he must state at once that he was decidedly opposed to the measure in its present form in the first instance he thought it involved a great practical absurdity that the coin of this colony, differing, as it would, from the coin of the empire, would never possess in other colonies OT in foreign countries the same value as the imperial coin. To make this coin, therefore, except for home purposes, would be to convert the pure gold of the colony into a depreciated currency, in fact to make the gold in coin of less value than the gold in bullion. In regard to this measure of the establishment of a Mint, he would say that a very great change in public opinion had taken place of late, both in the House and out of doors. As it was proposed and understood that the Colonial sovereign should be distinguished from the Imperial sovereign, it was not believed, and it could not be believed, by any practical man, that currently amongst other communities it would maintain the same value. This was his great objection to the measure, But there were other objections to the measure. It would affirm the necessity for the establishment of a Mint in this colony, which, after all, might be found a bauble too expensive for a plaything. He had still another objection to this Bill, which was, however, of a minor character. He thought that any bill of this description-a bill affecting the common interests of the co entry ought to be introduced by the Government. If a Mint were to be established, its management and regulation would devolve on the Government, and they were the only proper power to come forward and propose such a measure as this to the House. As, however, he believed that the attempt to place colonial coin on a level in value with imperial coin, in the exchanges of other communities, would be only to stereotype absurdity, he should take the course which seemed to him most prudent in this matter, and made the previous question. Mr. COWPER seconded the motion. The SOLICITOR-GENERAL agreed generally with the arguments of the hon. member for Sydney who had spoken last. He was not, however, prepared to say that he would give up the Mint altogether, because he believed that such an establishment might become highly beneficial to the colony. But the Bill before them had two objects. It proposed to make British coin a legal tender for all amounts above the value of 40s., and to this there could be no objection, but it also proposed to make the colonial coin, coined in the colonial Mint, a legal tender in the some way. It was this mixing up of the two coinages together which was objectionable in the Bill. With regard to the objection which had been made to this Bill, that it ought to have been introduced by the Government, he would make a few observations. It was in the con- templation of the Government on receipt of the despatch of the Secretary of State, in reference to the currency of gold and silver coins in the colony, to introduce a measure to make gold coin the only legal tender for values above forty shillings, and to restrict the currency of silver as a legal tender above that amount. A proposition to this effect was submitted to the Crown Law Officers, but, after mature consideration, they decided that such a measure was not necessary, as they were of opinion that the law of England to the same effect was in force in the colony. (The hon, and learned member here quoted the opinions of the Law Officers of the Colony to the effect that the 50 Geo. III. c. 64, regulating the currency of gold and silver coin in Great Britain, having been passed before the 9th Geo. IV., by which all English acts, not repugnant to the circumstances of the colony, were declared to be in force in the colony. That such Act-5G Geo. III. was in force in New South Wales.) It was clear to him that this law was applicable to this colony, and in fact, with one exception, the opinion of a member of the bar, it had never been even suggested that such law was not in force. No doubt in the early years of the colony, the ordinary commercial transactions of the colony was conducted through the medium of dollars and dumps, but this was not the law it was custom, and even while the custom prevailed there was never the slightest question raised as to the application of the law of England in respect to gold coin to the colony. Finding this to be the case, the Crown t Law Officers thought it quite sufficient that the law of England should, as they believed it, remain in force until it was set aside by some decision in the courts, and therefore they had advised the Government that in respect to this part of the subject the introduction of any new measure was unnecessary) Then with respect to making the new coin of Australia a legal tender, he agreed that if the Mint should be established and brought into operation here, that some measure of kindred intention to this would be required But he believed the structure of such a measure should be very different from that proposed in the clauses of the Bill now before the House, and he also believed that any such Bill should emanate from the Government But they must remember that the Mint was not yet established-it was not yet a colonial fact And they had further to consider that if a Mint were established, and the coin was distinguished from the Imperial coin, it would inevitably be depreciated as a remittance to all foreign countries, to the amount at least of the freight and insurance attendant on its cony eyance thither He thought therefore that as the coin of the colony must for the purpose of foreign exchanges, be depreciated, that in any Bill introduced making it a legal tender, provisions should be introduced to secure the integrity of existing contracts People who had made engagements under the existing law should not be forced to take money which, if they wished to send it to a foreign country, so much rebate would be charged On this ground he thought that an) measure to assist the British law, by which gold coin was now declared the only legal tender above the value of 40s to make colonial coin a legal tender to the same extent, should be introduced by the Government, and that care should be taken to prevent its affecting existing contracts Mr PARKER held the same objections which had been urged by previous speakers against this measure, and agreed with them that it was a measure which, it necessary at all ought to have been introduced by the Governor He might also be permitted to say that he did not consider the honorable member who was the author of this bill was justified in charging those who happened to be opposed to it with intense ignorance , nor could he concede to him the right to mon realise the whole amount of intelligence which existed in the community on this particular subject But he had objections to the measure of a very different nature to this of the manner in which it had been introduced The report of the Select Committee, in which the honorable member for Cook and Westmoreland had stated this Bill was founded recommended no such measure as this The report of the Committee only recommended the adoption of a short declaratory Act, declaring the law of England and now in force in the colony to be the law of the colony (The hon. member here quoted from the report of the Select Committee to the effect above stated ) Now, a declaratory Act of this nature would no doubt have been a very harmless one, as its only result would have been to set at rest any doubt which could exist as to the present state of the law, if in reality any such debt exist Although the 1 rea sury minute had stated that there had been some doubt as to the operation of the law in this colony, he was not aware that silver had at any time been made an unlimited tender here With regard to the making the colonial sovereign a legal tender equivalent to the Imperial coin, he considered that to do so would be to inflict a great hardship on persons here Although in weight and fineness the colonial sovereign might be made equal to the imperial one yet it was no torious that any such colonial coin would become depreciated in foreign markets, and therefore must necessarily become so in their own He believed that if it had not been the conviction of the House and the community out of doors that the colonial sovereign was to be identical with the imperial coin, that the establishment of a branch of the Royal Mint in this colony would never have been sanctioned TVin his hon and learned friend below him (Mr Dan v ill) who had been one of the strongest supporters of the establishment of a Mint here, gave the proposal his support and), he (Mr Parker) believed on the ground that the coin to be issued from the colonial Mint would be identical with that is used from the imperial establishment But he contended, that the depreciation must take place on the colonial coin, as long is this distinction was made And he would put a case which would show how inequitably this measure would work He would suppose a tradesman who had a deposit in the Bank wishing to make a remittance to England, or to any foreign country, the bank would pay the deposit in colonial sovereigns , but when the person wishing to remit obtained them, he would find they were not so good for the purpose for which he wanted them, as the pure ingots before they were cut up into coin at all in fact that the council had for the pure sense of remittance, diminished their value He had never viewed the establishment of a branch mint here with any favour Unless it could strike imperial coin, he thought it would be worse than useless, as it must tend to the depreciation of the currency of the colony These were his views and these were the reasons why he objected to this Bill nor did he see why, having these opinions, founded as they were on practical experience, why he, and those who thought with him, should be charged with intense ignorance because they did not happen to see the merits of this Bill Mr A ObB01v.NL was quite astonished at the opposition to this Bill, and the objections which had been raised to it. He took it that if the colonial soy reign was of the same weight and fineness as the English one, when put into the scale and found to be so, it would be worth its value as a pound sterling, namely, twenty shillings It was, however the in terests of the bunks to strangle this measure, which they knew, by rendering the demand for payment in gold legal would require that they should issue notes of a superior eli n refer Mr DARVALL rose with considerable diffidence to address the House on this question and he knew that in so doing he should not be able to observe an exact consistency with his former conduct He, however, was one who would be sorry to compromise his own intelligence his own desire, and his own duty to do the public good, to any obstinate pertinacity in opinions which he had formerly held He admitted then that the views he formerly entertained on this question had altered to a considerable extent, but that would not prevent him from stating his sentiments now the hon. member who spoke last (Mr Osborne) had assumed that, this measure and the establishment of a Mint was opposed by banks and bankers, on the ground of self interest Now he did think, when hon. members ventured an assertion of this sort, they should find some areas is for them, but not the ghost of an argument was to be found in the speech of the h m member He would ask hon. members less prejudiced than the last speaker, on what ground of self interest could the banks be prejudiced against this measure On the contrary, he contended if this measure were carried out the Banks would be gainers to a large amount The Banks had contracted millions of debt in the shape of deposits, and hundreds of thousands by their notes in circulation, in English sovereigns which if this Bill were passed, they would be enabled to discharge in this spurious and depreciated coin if the mine had been established in this colony, then he would admit that this measure, or one similar to it, must have been a sequitur to it, but since the proposal for the establishment of a mint had first been brought under the notice of the House, many considerations had arisen to modify the opinions then formed When he joined with the Council in asking for the establishment of a mint, he asked for a mint which should be able to coin imperial coin He asked for a mint, too, which should be the mint for all the Australian colonies and which of consequence should make coin which must be made by law a legal tender in all these colonies to have a mint established on such principles would, he conceived, have been to have given a character, a message, to this colony worthy of its position and seniority But failing in achieving these purposes which the mint, us they were now led to believe it would be established in this colony, would do he could see no advantage in such an institution Unless exchange should fall to the discount which prevailed some years ago, he saw no advantages which could be derived from the mint The honorable Colonial Treasurer had stated the other night that he believed that for the use of the colony very few sovereigns would be coined at the mint All these things considered, and its being altogether uncertain whether the | estimate for carrying the mint into operation would be passed or not, he did not think it wise to press this measure at present If the coinage was to be a restricted one if it were to be made a colonial coinage, then he could not see that any great value would arise from the mint He did not, however, see whether the coinage here was made a part of the imperial co nage or not, that it would be subjected to the discount which had been anticipated by the hon Chairman of Committees , it would command its value according to its weight and fineness, and although it might lose something by attraction and be more expensive in shipping than bar gold, and thus be less convenient as a remittance, he could not think that the colonial sovereign, so long as its weight and fineness were preserved, could be much depreciated The question was whether they would be justified by the probable | results of the establishment of the Mint in incurring the expenditure it would involve. This question could only be determined when the estimate for the Mint came under the consideration of the House, and as this bill could have no effect if the Mint were not establised, he hoped the honorable mover would postpone it for a time, in order that the sense of the House as to the establishment of a Mint at all might be ascertained. Mr. MARSH would not detain the House more than one minute, but he could not understand inwhatvvaythe colonial sovereign could be depreciated. If it was of the standard weight of fineness, he took it that it would any where be worth twenty shillings. Its value would not be given to it by the stamp upon it, but by the number of carats which it contained and if this was equal to the English sovereign it would be of equal value. 1 The COLONIAL SECRETARY begged to state that the Government had no direct intelligence that the coin to be issued from the mind of this colony would differ from that of England. The Master of the Mint had brought out a copy of a proposed stamp, but it was not yet decided that this should be the one for the colonial coinage. For his own part, as long as the coin was known to be of equal weight and fineness with the English sovereign, he did not think there could be much depreciation in its exchangeable value. Mr. JAMES MACARTHUR quite agreed with the Hon, the Colonial-Secretary, that the com- of the colony, if manufactured of the same weight and fine- ness as the English coin would be of the same value. He was astonished that the opposition to this measure should take the form it did, when her membered in former debates, those who were averse to the establishment of a Mint, argued that the sovereigns coined in it would be useful for export as a remittance only as so much gold. He did think that a very narrow view had been taken of this question, and was surprised to find those who had formerly been warm advocates for the establishment of a Mint, were now disposed to throw cold water upon this measure. He thought the great object of a Mint was, not to make gold coin for acceptance in foreign countries, but to meet their own exigencies. He thought it advisable that by the operation of the Mint, they should have always the opportunity of testing the value of the bank notes in circulation. He believed that further inquiry into the whole subject was necessary, and he should gladly see the measure postponed and referred to a select committee. He believed the establishment of a Mint would lead to a sounder system of finance in the country, and that it would lead ultimately to the abolition of all issues of notes by private companies, and the restriction of issues of notes to a national bank. Dr. DOUGLASS was surprised at the extraordinary doctrines of political economy which he had heard promulgated. The first question which arose in this matter was whether a mint should be established ; second, whether it should issue coin of a certain weight and fineness and third, whether the banks of the country should be compelled to pay their notes in the coin thus minted. With regard to the establishment of the Mint, although the House had in some degree pledged itself in support of such an institution, they had a right to take into consideration the grave reasons there might be why it should be delayed or abandoned. If the House, however, said the Mint was necessary, then this Bill must also be necessary; and, if there were to becoMing then of necessity the Bill must fall a dead letter. He believed there was nothing more dangerous than interfering with the currency of a country, and quoted the opinion of a former Chancellor of the Exchequer, with whom he had consulted, some thirty years ago, on the currency of the colony, that the colonists might place what nominal value they chose on their coin, but that in all other colonies and in England it would only realise its intrinsic worth. Mr. BLIGH The objections which were urged against the Bill on the same subject, which had been previously sought to be introduced, might with as much propriety be urged against the present one. He hoped the House, for consistency's sake, would vote against the Bill. Much had been said in reference to the relative value of the sovereign which might be gained in this colony. It must be very evident to every individual who paid any attention to the matter, that however two pieces of coin might agree in fine- ness, or in their intrinsic value, in their commercial value they would differ when out of the colony. Take a colonial sovereign to Melbourne, " for instance, where it would not be a legal tender, and you would not obtain a British sovereign in exchange for it, and it would not purchase the same amount of any commodity, in that colony, as could be procured with a British sovereign there. It would be valued there merely as a lump of gold at the market value of gold, then in the Melbourne market. It would only possess the nominal value of a sovereign in the colony of New South Wales. Another strong objection made to the colonial sovereign being made a legal tender in New South Wales was, that many persons resident out of the colony, who had extensive dealings with persons who resided in the colony, and who were in the habit of receiving payment in British coin would be under the necessity of taking the colonial coin, which would be depreciated in value elsewhere and those now resident in the colony who had invested their money in Sydney, expecting to receive in return the current coin of the realm, would have to take the colonial sovereign at considerable loss to themselves, unless a considerable premium was paid into the bank on their bill. The currency of the colony was a very dangerous subject for the Council to meddle with, and he trusted that no interference would take place of a serious nature without at all events considerable delay and the most mature deliberation. He trusted that hon. members would not pass lightly over the measure, but would take the evidence of men of experience, fully competent to judge in the matter, both in commerce ii and monetary transactions. It was not known of what description the coin was to be, or whether or no it was to resemble in appearance the British sovereign. He trusted that, there being no necessity for pressing the question, and it being one of such great importance, that it would receive the most mature deliberation, and that the House would not hastily pledge itself to support any measure of the kind. The POSTMASTER-GENERAL would vote for the second reading of the Bill in accordance with its provisions : gold was to be a legal tender, and silver, was to be a legal tender, up to the value of 40s. The' Mint proposed was to be a branch of the Royal Mint in England, and must therefore be put upon precisely the same footing as it was at home. In reference to the House being pledged to the measure, he would say, that the Mint was ordered, and would soon it was expected, be in operation. With regard to the value of the coin, a distinction had been drawn between its commercial and its intrinsic value. If it was melted down, of course the quality of the gold would be taken as its value ; but, at the same time, there was a commercial value, and he thought it was a pity that the colonial should not be the same as the imperial coin. Any individual who was accustomed to travel would be aware that the value of the coin depended upon circumstances, both national and local A fine gold American dollar coin would pass better here, and fetch a higher price, on account of the American emigration to this colony, than it would where no such emigration had taken place. There was but a trifling distinction to be drawn between the currency of this colony and its value in that of Victoria for on account of the nearness of the colonies to each other, he believed a sovereign of this colony would pass current for precisely the same value in Melbourne. Mr. MARTIN : It appeared to him that there were two matters to consider, one was the principles of the Bill now before the Council, and the other was the character, consistency, and ability of the present Government. Perhaps the latter question would be a more important one to them than the question whether or not this Bill would receive the assent of the Council. He would call the attention of the House to what had taken place in the Council in reference to that particular matter. Some two years ago a Committee was appointed to enquire into the propriety of petitioning the Home Government for the purpose of the establishment of a Mint. A report was adopted by that Committee negativing the proposal ; but when that report was brought before the House it was not adopted ; but another petition was got up, praying Her Majesty to establish a Royal Mint in this Colony About this time a number of merchants and bankers in London petitioned, or addressed a memorial to the Secretary of State, expressing the desirability of establishing a Mint in this colony, and in consequence of that request, Earl Grey sent a despatch to the authorities of this colony stating the willingness of the Home Government to grant the prayer of the memorialists, if such a course was warranted. The Executive Council of this colony took the matter into consideration, and recommended, not that a small Mine should be established, but that a large Mint, involving an expenditure of some £10,000 per annum, should be established. Thus so far as he had gone the Council had transmitted a petition to the home country, pray- ing the establishment of a Mint in this colony, and the home authorities had expressed themselves favourably on the subject. This Council, the Local Government, and the Imperial Government, were all of opinion that it was essential that this Mint should be established here. A resolution was submitted to the House by the late Colonial Secretary', requesting the House I to sanction the establishment of the larger in preference to the smaller Mint that resolution was carried, and in consequence £10,000 was transmitted to England for the purposes of the Mint and he found from certain papers which had been laid upon the table of the House, that the sum of £19,033 had been voted in addition to £4000 a year for the payment of salaries, for the purposes of this Mint. £19,033 had been expended, and £12,000 had recently been voted for the purposes of this Mint, and now they were told that it was a matter of doubt whether the Mint was to be established here or not. The Solicitor-General actually did not hesitate to express the same opinion. He did most certainly' think that the character of the Government for consistency and ability in this matter was not very praiseworthy. If they allowed that the question was still an open question, they ought immediately to resign their seats in that House. Such child's play was surely never exhibited by any Government in the civilized world, and the line of policy adopted by the Government, did appear to him unaccountable. He saw, on referring to the votes and proceedings of the House, that on the evening in which the £12,000 was voted, that the Solicitor General was not in Council; but there were present at the time seven official members of the House. He had seen on many occasions members of the Government voting on different sides of the "House, but never in a matter of that kind. It did appear to him that, if his hon. and learned friend the Solicitor-General, was permitted to vote against the establishment of the Mint, after all that had taken place, he would cut a most ridiculous figure, not only in the eye of the House, but in the eye of the country at large I and he would warn the Government that it had not only to account for its character of ability and consistency to the colony, but they had the Home Government to deal with. They were either right or wrong in the course they had taken. If they were wrong, what was to be said of their pretension to in j telligence and ability and if they were right, could any person of common intelligence say, that hon. members who were now opposing the measure I were acting in a consistent manner, with a full knowledge of the agreement by which it was supported. He had been frequently charged with chal I lenging the knowledge and intelligence of members in that House, and he had at times felt regret at what he had advanced in the heat of discussion, but now he could scarcely feel himself justified in withdrawing observations which he had at such times advanced. He would give the Govern ¡ ment the credit of supposing that they were actuated by a sincere desire to promote the interests of the country ; but then, on the other hand, he could only fall back and' reiterate what he had formerly advanced, that they had shown the most unaccountable want of intelligence in the matter before the House. He trusted that before he sat down he should be able to show the Council that the arguments on which the Bill was based were unanswered. He would repeat that the Bill which he had sought to introduce on this subject of the Mint, was one which would more properly have emanated from the Government, and it was 1 one which ought to have been a Government measure. It had been said by the Solicitor-General that the Go- ! vernment did intend to bring in such a Bill (Solicitor General, "No.") or that the Government did intend to bring in some Bill on the subject. He (Mr. Martin) was chairman of a committee which sat upon the currency question during the last session, the report of which was adopted. The late Colonial Secretary was a member of the Committee, and he I (Mr. Martin) suggested to him the propriety of bring a ing in a Bill in order to carry out the report of that Committee, but he said he would not bring in any such Bill as a Government measure. The present Government appeared to be following the same line of policy as that expressed to him by the late Colonial Secretary, and believing, as he did, that the Govern ' ment did not intend to do anything in the matter, he thought it was his duty to submit the matter to the consideration of the Council. In the event of the Mint being established, the law provided that no other than English coin shall be the legal tender of the colony. Thus the only legal tender would be the gold coin of England. What is the use of a Mint ? Did hon. members know that it was for the purpose of establish- ing money which should become a legal tender. (Hear, hear.) Something else than the gold coin of England must be a legal tender, or the colony' would be going to a great expense to no purpose whatever. He supposed that he must take it that the Government understood what the object of a mint was but allow- ing that to be the case, could it be supposed that after all the steps which had been taken, and all the expense which had been incurred, they should refuse to establish a legal tender? What child's play was that ! (Hear, hear.) Where was the common sense and the intelligence of the Government. (Hear, hear. He would mention another piece of ignorance which had been displayed by the Government ! He would not say ignorance of political economy or of principle but of facts. It had been stated that the description of the coin which was to become the legal tender of the colony was unknown. Those hon. members who had come to the House prepared (evidently knowing nothing whatever of the matter) to make opposition to this Bill, ought to have read the papers which had been lying upon the table in reference to that subject, The mint was really established it was no longer a thing to be established it only wanted to be put into operation everything had been done and established by the law of England. Now, the Government, under the advice of their only law officer in the House, told them that it was unnecessary to make this come about to be introduced the legal tender of the colony. (No, no.) If it was necessary to make its legal tender of the colony, why place all kinds of obstruction upon it Was it to be said for some purposes the coin should be a sovereign, and for others that it should not Was that the view which the Government took of the matter? If the Government now opposed that Bill, which ought to have emanated fr> in them selves, they would be placing themselves in a most serious dilemma. Although they might oppose it through ignorance, the authorities at home would not give them credit for having done so, and the Government ought to be extremely cautious in recording their votes against this proposal. Any person possessed of gold could obtain gold coin for it at the Mint. If the gold was greater than the standard, it would "j be reduced, and he would receive coin for that gold, not in accordance with its original weight, but in accordance with its increased weight consequent on its reduction. A sovereign in the mother country consisted of 5 gr. 3 dwt. and 121-673 of gold of 22 carats fine and 2 carats of alloy. Any' person having gold which he wished to be converted into coin could get it coined at the Mint while he waited for it, or if he did not wish to wait he could obtain coin for it at the Bank of England. He would ask the head of the House to consider what the difference of the charge was between the Bank of England and the Royal Mint. The charge made by the Bank of England was 11d. per ounce, and the difference between the two was, in £1809, only £3, or, in other words, 3s. 2d. in every £100. But even this reduction need not be subjected to if the individual pleased to take his gold to the Royal Mint and wait for it while it was coined. Thus the colonial sovereign would be as valuable in England as coin, as they could be taken to the Royal Mint and be converted into English coin, or in case of necessity their value could be obtained, minus £3 in every £1809, at the Bank of England. He denied that the currency' of the colony would be depreciated if the Bill passed. He had been assured by a gentleman that out of the colony, a British sovereign would have a preference to a colonial one. But he doubted such would be the case ; yet perhaps he ought to have introduced a clause making it a misdemeanour to depreciate the currency, and then who would dare to offer forty nine sovereigns for fifty of theirs. He considered that the Crown Law Officers were mistaken in their opinions that the coin of the colony would not do to be remitted to England. He called the attention of the House to the fact, that the coin of England was not taken thither merely because it had a certain stamp, or was struck at the Mint, but because it was weight, and by that alone was its value tested. It was by weight alone that the coin of the realm was a legal tender, i and any person conversant with the affairs of the Bank of England must be well aware that money was taken and issued by scale and weight, and if the coins were light they were rejected and in this colony they had sovereigns in circulation which were 80 worn that they had lost weight sovereigns of the reigns of George III. and George IV. He had been informed by a mercantile gentleman that he had sent home several thousands of sovereigns, and had sustained a loss of 10s. per cent through deficiency in the weight : whereas, 'if colonial sovereigns were made legal tender and sent home, the depreciation would-be but 3s. 2d. in £106, or £3, in £1809, or about V of the loss sustained on English sovereigns. Mr. Thacker was the gentleman who had sustained the loss to which he had alluded, by the transmission of British sovereigns to England. It was necessary that they should urge upon the British Government the importance of making colonial sovereigns a legal tender, for if they did not do so, the people would be under the necessity of recording and re-stamping the sovereigns for no earthly purpose whatever, but at a considerable cost. He had been told by one son, gen demand that the gold of the colony was much more available in England thunsovereigns coined in the colony would be, but if they took gold in ingots to the Bank of England counter, the bank authorities would not take it as coin being unable to judge its fineness and it would, therefore, require to be taken to the melting agent and to the assayer, to be assayed and melted. But one of their sovereigns, issued by persons appointed by Sir John Herschell, the Master of the Mint in London, would be readily taken as a legal tender for the people could tell, in a moment, if from one to one, thousand sovereigns were accurate as to weight, and there would be no necessity for assaying or remelting. And if they gave, in £1869 sovereigns at the Mint, they would receive that sum back minus £3, which would be advantageous alike to the Colony and to England. For all the purposes of trade coin thus stamped would be better than gold in ingots, and it would also be easier for transmission, because the greater the number of pieces in which a man had his gold, with the greater facility could he make his payments. The objection against the measure rested chiefly on the assumption that the coinage would not be capable of unrestricted circula- tion, because it was the coinage of a colony. And similar objections had in bygone times been taken against the Spanish dollar, which was, however, the best circulated coin to be met with and even in China the Spanish dollar was the principal medium of circulation. Then he was met by an assertion that the banks were giving more than they actually obtained in London for the gold, and consequently the gold diggers must be prejudiced by the establishment of a Mind in the colony. But why should anybody be so pre- eminently absurd as to give for a sovereign in the colony more than he would obtain for it in England? The fact was, that the Banks did not possess sovereigns enough to pay, and they gave more than the gold was worth in notes, because they got a premium upon their bills. And were they in support of the cupidity of the Barden to shut out a measure which would prove highly beneficial to the colony ? And who were the opponents of the measure ? Why, five hon. gentlemen, had spoken against it. The hon. member for Syrlnpjr wood To Mr his opponents-be who a few days ago was taken to task by the Chamber of Commerce for neglecting to support those mercantile interests, for the defence of which it was asserted that he had been elected. Then the Solicitor-General, who, although a good lawyer, was store merchant than lawyer, had opposed the measure. It was also opposed by two honorable gentlemen who were Bank directors, and by another honorable member who was mixed up with Bank affairs. The House was too much under the thumb of the Chamber of Commerce and of Bank idlers ¡ and, as matters were going, the Government was likely soon to become a mere supplement to the Chamber of Commerce. For if ever any great question was mooted, the Government, instead of coming forward with their own view, referred the matter to a committee, in order to seek the opinion of those whose expression of opinion was not to be compared with their own, and who were not qualified to give a disinterested opinion. "Whatever might be said for the Chamber of Commerce, he hoped there was sufficient good sense and good feeling in the House to put down this commercial and selfish spirit. He felt conscious that he had brought forward a measure which ought to have been initiated by the Government, but the Government having neglected to do. so, he had taken the matter up. He felt confident that he had at any rate done his duty, and that the measure would be beneficial to the colonists, with the exception perhaps of fifty or sixty stock-jobbers, and that if the Bill was passed it would prove highly advantageous to the community at 1 Urge. The SPEAKER was about to put the motion, when the SOLICITOR-GENERAL called attention to the fact that there was not a quorum of members in the House. There being only sixteen members present, the SPEAKER adjourned the business until to-morrow (this) afternoon. The House then adjourned at a quarter to eight o'clock until three o'clock this afternoon. 