DINNER TO MR. FENN. The friends of the newly-elected member for East Torrens entertained him at a sump tuous banquet 011 Wednesjay evening. ELs Committee, with the same tact and discern ment that distinguished tiiem throughout the : recent struggle, selected the hotel where not only the most splendid apartment in the city was available, but where the various other requisites to a dinner in the most luxurious st; le were at command. Those who hive not seen the large room of the Napoleon Bonaparte Hotel, King Wil iain-s.reet, can have but a slight idea of the beauty of its decorations; while it is necessary to enjoy such a dinner as that given there to Mr. Fen i to have a conception of the host's means and appliauces to cheer the heart of m in. The chair was well filled by Mr. R. J. Stow. The guest of the evening was seated at his right; on his left was J. Biker, Esq , M L.C. J. H. Fisher, Esq., M.L C, and several well known gentlemen were also seatei near the Chairman and around the croupiers, J. B. Neales, Esq., M.L.C, and Mr. Humpage. " The free and independent " wiio cirried the election clustered in close and joyous good fellowship. On the removal of the cloth, the Chairman, in a briefly eloquent reference to the present " posture of affairs," and a confident prediction of the inalienabl t loyalty in weal or woe of British subjects at every end of the earth, gave " The Qujen, God bless her." Drunk with enthusiasm, the company standing while the baud played, in fine style, the National Anthem. The Chairman next gave, " Friuce Albert, and the rest of the lioyal Family." It was received with nearly equal fervour. The Chairman proposed " Toe Health of His Excellency Sir Henry Young," adding that no Governor had ever the welfare of the colony more at heart. The toast was drunk with all the honours. Dr. Taylor proposed, " Lady Young an 1 the Ladies of South Australia." Drunk, of course, with enthusiasm. .air. vi. 11. i>\»x returned thanks lir the fair sex. The Chairman said it was now his duty to propose the t last of the evening, and in intro ducing it be would not enter into any length ened statement of the occurrences connected with the late election, wiiich were fresh in the.r minds, and with which they were doubt less heartily tired; nor would he attempt to pronounce in his presence any eulogiuui on Mr. Fenn, whose claims to the esteem and the thanks of his constituents were as well known to them as to himself. In drinking his health they would dn honor to a man who, as an oid resident in the District of East Torrens, and from his pursuits and information, was peculiarly fitted for the duties of a legis lator, and who had already given proofs of hisfitnessby preparing several most important and beneficial Acts. He was a gentleman who, iu all the relations of life which he had hitherto sustained, had merited and obtaiued respect; and his supporters were satisfied from what they knew of his previous career, that iu the uew relations in which he now stoid he would so demean himself to confirm the confidence and ensure the gratitude of the constituency ; who ought to remember that, at a nersonal sacrifice, he came forward, not to serve any ambitious ends of bis own, but to prevent the district from being unrepresented or misrepre sented, and who, when a formidable opposition was unexpectedly raised against him, did not show the white feather, but finding that those who had proposed still wished him for their representative, stood by them and en countered the trouble and annoyance of a contested election, which he had not antici pated. He fought the battle maufuilv, and fought it successfully. It would have been pleasant, after the state of the poll had been declared, and it was Certain that Mr Fenn was to represent the district, to find that the hitter and angry feelings engendered hy the straggle had been allowed to evaporate; that all animosity and ill- feeling had been buried; and that men of ait parties had deter mined to strengthen the hands of their repre sentative, to give him their countenance, an I to enable him to perform efficiently the new duties which had devolved upon him. But be (Mr. Stow) was sorry to say that such was noi: the case. The supporters of Dr. Wark had sought every opportunity, and even cre ated occasions for attacking Mr. Fenn; and iu particular at Dr. Wark's dinner, and in an advertisement in the newspapers, Mr. Fenn had been accused of inconsistency in support ing Mr. Hartley. He (Mr. Stow) had had no intention of introducing the West Torrens election upon that occasion, and only men tioned it .because it was necessary to do so in repelling attacks which had been made against the representative of East Torrens. He would describe Mr. Feint's position in reference to that affair. He bad stated, with out any disguise, at all his meetings, and upon the hustings, that he was opposed to the State grant and in favour of a nominee Upper House; that he would oppose any proposal that reli gion should he supported or assisted by the State; but if the question of nomiueeism came before the Council he would resig.i. But wouid any one say that Mr Fenn was bound by these declarations t > support ever / one who was against State aid? Would anyoue say that Mr. Fenn was bound to make the State grant question the turning-point at every election ? Would anyone say that those ex pressions of Mr. Fenu's views and intentions, bind him to vote against his sentiments and support a person who will go into Council to oppose the nominee Upper House? Would anyone ask a candidate for pledges such as these, or if they were asked, would they be given? Mr. Fenn found two candidates con testing the representation of a district in which he had a vote. Mr. Birtley, iu favour of the State grant and nominccism, and Mr. Reynolds, opposed to both. So that if Mr. Fenn voted for either, he must vote for a person who, on one important question is opposed t> him. He did not think, as he and many whose views coincided with his, thought, that the State grant question was the all-important question, and he decided t > support that can didate whom iu other respects he thought best fitted for the office which he sought; and although he (Mr. Stow I m'glit say he woul I have acted differently," yet he felt convinced that all who were not blinded by faction, or led away by party feeling, would agree with him in thiuking that Mr. Fenn was perfectly justified in acting as he did, and that the charge of inconsistency which had been laid against him was unfair and absurd. Gentlemen, continued Mr Stow, Dr. Wark's friends have been very kind to me, and to those who agree with me in opposition to the State grant. They have made excuse far us: we are weak-minded, misguided people, easily entrapped into foolish acts, but we shall pro bably act better another time after the good example which has been set to us by them. «, wc uu nut wain, ine:r Kindness; we do not ask them to find excuses for us. We are not ashamed of our coudnct, and are always ready to defend it when necessary. If we had to act in the same circumstances to-morrow we should act as we have done. It is they, the too zealous voluntaries, who have committed ! the mistake. By opposing Dr. Wark to Mr. Fenn, and raising tin State grant cry, they have injured the cause of voluntaryism, by giving inconsiderate people reason to say that the de feat they have sustained has been the defeat ot the voluntaries, and a victory for the friends of the Stite grant, and I am satisfied that if the friends ot ritate aid to religion rouse them selves and use great efforts, as they seem in clined to do, to return members to Council on that principle, we shali have to thank the in judicious supporters of Dr. Wark for it Had Dr. Wark and his party celebrated their defeat in the moderate manner in which they were inclined to celebrate their victory, they would have said nothing of their can Ididate; but when we tind them assailing Mr.. Fenn in so unscrupulous a manner, we are entitled to say a few words as to. Dr. Wall's fitness for the honour. which - he sought. I wilt not attempt to examine Dr. Wark's poiitical sentiments. He has given me no opportunity of knowing what they are. This is all we can understaid. Mr. Fenn had some views in f ivour of nomineeism, and as Dr. Wark wished to keep Mr. Fenn out of Council in order that he might get in hi mself, he expressed himse f opposed to our views, although that expression of opinion was con tradicted, and by previous conduct in refer ence to the compromise. However, he opposed nomineeism, and I wiil confidently refer to any and all of his speeches and defy any one to say what Dr. Wark's views are on the sub ject of nomineeism, what is his objection to no miueeism, or why he opposes it. The ody explanation he gives is in his speech at Magill, which we may rake as an example. He says his cause is the cause of hum in progression; that his contest has been arrayed aga nst the existing remnants of feudalism and tyranny; tlwt the relies of tyranny still lingjr with those who wish to 1 >rd it over the people, an 1 that some Scotch poet has described the dreadful effects of nomineeism, in compelling a poor man to ask for employment. Gentle men, I ask, is a man who can indulge in this unmeaning rant, a person qaalifi d to occupy s seat in a deliberative assembly? The great objection to nomineeism is, that under such a system the peopl. have too much power, the Government is too weak; aud, yet, Dr. Wark e dls his opposition to nomineeism, the cause of human progression; nomineeism it ielf the relics of t -yanny, and those who support n >mineeism as people who wish to lord it over the land." When we see that Dr. Wark displays such great ignorance on the very question on which he professed "to contest the district, we turn from him to our representative, and congra tulate ourselves again and again on the suc cessful result of tiiat contest, into which he was needlessly dragged. In conclusion, he would ask all whom he had been addressing to join with him in drinking the health of Mr. Fenn, the member for East Torrens, the man of their choice—the successful candidate. He was sure that Hast 1 orreus would always have cause to be gratified that the receut election had resulted in tile return to Council of an able, energetic, and faithful representa tive. He would g.ve them—" Mr. Fenu, the member f t East Torrens." The toast was drunk by the company up standing, the band played' a suitable air, and when silence was restored, Mr. Fenn rose, lie was received with re peated rounds of applause, and when he ob t lined a lieari lg proceeded to say th it he did not expect on coming there that evening to hear such a warm eulogium pronounced upon him. It was indeed deeply gratifying to him to witness the manner in which his health was proposed aud responded to. (Hear, hear.) After the many rebuffs he had met with, the hard names used towards hi;n, and the accu sations mad a against him, it was not only fresh, hut absolutely refreshing, t) hear some thing in his favour. (Laughter and cheers.) When he consented to c une forward t> repre sent the district, he had no expectation that there would bi a contest. He did not think there would he a division, for he did not see how there could be two parties. (Hear, hear.) Some persons, however, who did not live iu the district, got up a party, and applied ex pressions to him (Mr. Fenn) which he was pleased to observe were not repeated by the resident- during the struggle that eusued. (" Tramping orators.") Tnose persons were sent into the district to bait hiin, and it was not till after his return that, their conduct was imitated by any resident of the district. (Hear, hear.) After that indeed, he was sorry to say, some of the residents joined in the cry raised agtinst him from withmt. He had i ot obtruded himself as a candidate, and he should not think it necessary to vindicate himself bfore the friends he saw around him. (No, no.) lie tsought it neces sary, liowever, to do so - with respect to those gentlemen who supported him, although differing from him in some matters of opinion. (Hear, hear.) He had been intro duced to them on the hustings as " a stick" by the rev. gentleman who represents Po t Adelaide—as •> person who begge 1 and prayed the electors to let him into the Council, and asserting, that if he was elected, he woull be harmless as a stick. (Hear a id laugh er, increased by some strikiug jokes amongst toe e unpany.) He thought he need not dwell upon such a vapid rhodomuutade fattier than to rem irk that it was intended to say that he had deprived himself of the power to express his opinions ou the questions of " State aid to religion" and " a nomiuated Upper House." He (Mr. Fenn) had always been a voluntary, and he considered State aid as aid t j the voluntary principle. (Hear and applause.) However erroneous that opinion might he, it was honestly hel I by him, but now as the people had almost unanimously declared against "the grant," he believed it would not be proper to reintroduce the ques tion until after a general election. (Applau-e.) He had said that if it were so introduced, he would oppose it; could the rev. member for Port Adelaide do more ? All that gentleman could do would be to oppose it, aud he (Mr. Fenn) had hound himself to oppose it also. (Applause.) With regard t > the question of " a nominee Upper House," hs had said that if the Parliament Bill were retui ued, and the question came on again fairly for discussion, he woull atonce resign—("Cut your stick")— and it would then become the duty of the elec tors to replace the dry stick by a living plan*. With regard to the rev. gen tleman's statement that lie came into the Council on his bended knees, every gentleman present knew that it was with great reluctance he came f irward, aud that he did not do so until after repeated solicitations, and only as he thought to avoid a contest. (" Yes, yes.") He was shortly afrer characterized as a new fledg id politician. (A laugh ) He could not boast of the precocity of Dr. Wark, who formed his opinions at the early age of fourteen. (L.ughter, and " He has no opinions.") He confessed it was not until after mature delibera tion that he f jrmed his opinions y hut if a man could not, by the time he was forty, he could not form any opinions at all. A man need not be a callow politician, although not a noisy one like Mr. Barford. (A laugh.) It was not the geese that gabbled loudest that saved the Roman capitol. (Continued laughter.) He (M1. Fenn) had been accused of being the advocate of kingcraft and priest cr -.ft, but he thought he need scirceiv say that in all this he was greatly misrepresented. (Hear.) He believed there was not iu the colony, from Bishop Short, downwards a thinking man who seriously entertained the idea, or who would sanct'on any attempt to establish a dominant church. (Applause.) He was accused also of having made a new promise. When the question of a new candi date was mooted, he was asked to stand but declined until assured that it was the general wish of the district that he should do so. Dr Wark presented the requisition to him and asked him to state his political views. He did so candidly, and he believed he had never varied an iota from what he then said. (Rear, and applause.) He said he was for a nominee Upper House, but that if the Parliament Bill was returned, and the question agaiu uuder discussion, as he rnvt advocate it, he would resign. (Cheers.) The gentlemen who were | most opposed to his views were content with that assurance, and after some discussion as to whether he was to resign on requisition from a majority of those who returned him, or a mnj >rity of those on the electoral roll, he as sented to the latter arrangement as decided by the electors themselves. He saw that he 1 would be subject to constant annoyance from : his liability to be requ ssted to resign by a few who might be dissatisfied w th bin; but his own feeling was, and still remainel, not- to continue tbeir member any longer than he continued fairly to represent the district. (Cheers.) Well, how his promise to resigu if the Parliament Bill were to be returned, could be called a new promise, he could not imagine. The next eharacterin which he was paraded before them was that of a trimmer. Perhaps the person who used the word well knew its meaning, but it was possible many of those to whom it was addresse I did not know it. His (Mr. Fenn's) opinion of a " trimmer" was that he was one opposed to the extremes of bigot<y and the int iterance of party; a p ilitician op posed alike to the fury of democracy and the assumptions of aristocracy—one who would prefer reform to revolution. In that sense of the word he was a "trimmer." (Cheers.) He would fuither read a definition of the term by an eminent man who was himself for some time the leader of the trimm ;rs: —" Every; thing good trims between extremes. Tne temperate zone trims bit ween the climate in which men are roasted, and tke climate in which they are frozen. The Engish constitu tion trims between Turkish d;spotism and Polish anarchy. Virtue is nothing but a just temper b stween propensities, any oae of which if indulged to excess becomes vice." If that definition was correct, he (Mr. Fenn) was a trimmer, a id hoped to continue so to the end of his career. (Loud cheers.) He had also been charged with political inconsistency with reference to supporting Mr. Bartley for WestTorrens. (Hear, hear.) There would have been little need to explain his conduct in that respect had the facts been fairly placed before the public by the newspapers. He thought he had as good a right as any man in the colony to au independent vote. (Hear.) Because he exercised that right in support of Mr. B irtlev it was said he was inconsistent, as Mr. Bartley was pledged to introduce the State aid to religion quest! m, while he (Mr. Fenn) was pledged to oppose it. That was n >t a correct statement of the facts. Mr. Bartley was not pledged to introduce the question; in truth he had said distinctly that lie saw no prospect of doing so with success at present ; and he (Mr. Fenn) knew from conversing with him, that he had no more in tention to introduce the matter than he (Mr. Fenn) had. Again, his first act after election, was not to support Mr. Bartley for West Torrens; it was to vote for Captain Hart for Victoria. fCheers. 1 To vote in fact for a gentleman who was opposed tj hiin on both the questions referred to. He had in the exercise of his ju lgment supported those who were best fitted to serve the colony in the capacity of legislators, and in doing so he placed both those vexed questions i.ora de combat. His only consideration was which was the best man, and most likely to serve his constituents and the colony. (Cheers.) He considered Captain Hart a better man o? busi ness than his opponent, more acquainted with the gene'al wants of the colonists, and more likely to urge them with effect; aud thinking so he voted lor him. (Cheers ) In like man ner he considered Mr. Baitiey the best man for West Torrens, and would accordingly vote for him. (Kenewed cheers.) He thought it came with a bad grace from the liberal party to attempt to influence any man's vote. He had not done so—nay more, he never asked any man o vote for him. and was proud to say the electors recorded 378 unsolicited votes for him. (Cneers.) He would not have, gone so far into the accusations brought agiinst him were it not for the vindication of those gentlemen who, although ia so ne degree opposed to him in opinion, yet supported him. To those he would say, that ho li iped his conduct in Council would not make them regret the con fidence placed in him. He hoped they were satisfied that be had not as yet broken his word. That was a grievous cha-gi to bring ag linst any person, for he knew nothing tha t au honourable man would keep m ore solemnly than bis word. He begged again to return thanks for the cordial manner in which the toast was proposed, and the kind manner in I which it was received. He had to tbank j them, also, for the mark of esteem exhibited i in his return by so many persons of such dif- ! ferent politics. The f set of being so returned as their representative was of far greater value in bis eyes than the privilege of tacking the letters M. L C. to h:s name. (Cheers.) In fact, that was an honour he never sought; but to receive such a mark of esteem from those who knew him for thirteen or fourteen t ears, was an honour he could never forget or disre ga d. He wished most sincerely that those who had opposed him were there that evening, that he might make thein a tender of his best services. (Cheers.) He would conclude bv proposing the health of the electors of East Torrens. Mr. Wicksteed—Our noble selves. (A. laugh.) Air. Gate returned thanks. Mr. Fenn was heartily welcome to and well deserved all that the electors of East Torrens had done for him. He (Mr. Cate) was no great politician, and that was one reason why he had voted for Mr. Fenn, because he tiioug'it no great political question was stirring, aud that poli tical strife should not be u inecessarily a; oused, and Mr. Fenn was singularly suitable for a legislitor. He himself approved of Mr. Fenn's principles, but did not see the necessity of agitating them at present. He thought tlieir opponents had disgraced themselves by the manner ia which they had stirred up needless strife. Mr. Wicksteed proposed, " Air. F«.na's Cem mittee." He himself had not been on the Committee; not from any lukewarmn-ess or doubt about Air. Fenn. He knew him to be a j g iod man and a good lawyer, and one who knew something about commercial affairs, which very few lawyers did. (Laughter.) He could not go with Mr. Fenn in his opinions on church grants and nomineeism, hut he set those things aside and voted for the best man. He was sure the Committee would have rea son to pride themse ves on the successful result of their exertions. Mr. J. H. Clark responded. As the youngest of the Committtee, and as having been active in the election, he returned I thanks. But they had had a great com pliment from their enemies. One of Dr. Wark's Committee had said that Mr. Fenn was returned owing to the superior arrangements of his Committee. However great the compliment might be, he could not accept it. The triumph was one of common sense over political prejudice. (Heir.) J heir j side had beat because they had the best cause. ' Many of Dr. VVark's supporters were doubt less conservatives, but were mistaken. The cry of nomineeism had been raised by many who did not know what it meant. As a proof | of thi< he would mention that one of Dr. Wark's supporters closed a long speech by saying, " Don't you know what nomineeism is ? Why, you put one thousand pounds int > my pocket, aud I will put two thousand pounds into yours. That is what nomineeism ia." (L iughter.) He concluded by proposing the health of Mr. Hailes, the Secretary, with out whose active exertions they would not have succeeded. (Loud applause.) Mr. Hailes returned thauks. Having con tribnted to Mr. Fenn's return and to the ex clusion of Dr. Wark from Council was suffi cient reward to him. When the election was rendered necessary, they were greatly put about for want of a suitable representative. Many name3 were mentioned,, bat none suit able till Mr. Fenn was proposed. At a meet ing beld at the Globe it was agreed unani mously that he was the man. At that time there was no idea of a contest. It was after wards that persous who had been present at .that meeting, and hal either voted or kept silent, got up an opposition. Mr. Fonu had been very badly treated. He would not imitate the bad taste of Dr. Wark's Committee, [f be had done so, only one portion of the press would be there that night. Dr. Wark, at East Torrens, had .nsed such terms as "dodge," "trickery," "faleehooI," " base uess.'* (" What did he say on the hustings ?") That he had been fairly beaten. Dr. VVark had not answered any charge, that had b en brought against him. He had been charged with approving of cool e immigration. He re plied that he had never subscribed anything for the purpose—a charge, they had never dreamt of bringing against him. (Great laughter.) Mr. Hailes here read in a humorous manner the correspondence produced by Dr. Wark at his dinner. In the election'they had had the influence of the District Council very improperly used against them. The moment Dr. VVark's name was mentioned, the influence of the District Council was .mani fested at once. He could mention several instances of it, if he had time. Most of the publicans in the district either voted for Dr.' vVark, or abstained from voting at all. The men, too, working on the roads, were influenced in a similar manner. The Chairman of the \ssociaied Chairmen of District Councils, and theChairman oftbeMitcham District, had both publicly expressed their desire that the Dis trict Councils should not be made political organizations; hut where was this modesty in East Torrens? All the members of the Council were active canvassers. He ap proved of g mi roads, but he preferred good laws _ and good law-makers; and if the District Councils were to be made stepping stones w the Legislative Council, he hoped they would be abo'ished. Mr. tlailes went on to exculpate himself from the charge of in consistency which had been brongiit against him. He had never said that he would sup port a better man than Mr. Fenn if one were brought forward; hut he did not know a more unfit man than Dr. Wark. He had bjen charged, as one of the original opponents of the grant, with supporting it. The League was origiuated to oppose the introduction of the grant, and to turn it out if it was intro duced. It had been turned out, an! the League was dead, and the question defunct. He then read from one of the early publications of the League a se_ntei-.ee expressive of the fears of the voluntaries in the early times; lest if the question were not settled, it might become a mere war-cry used for political and party pur poses. The inconsistent voluntaries were those who kept on firin g their blank cartridges after the battle was over, and who were too fond of hearing themselves talk to ltave off. The oldest opponents of the grant had supported Mr. Fenn, believing the question to be really settled. Mr. Neales proposed the Mayor and Cor poration of the city of Adelaide. * He need say nothing for the Mayor; his presence there spoke for itself. For genial conviviality, for political temperance, for public spirit, he was pre- eminent. No one could deny the g lod the Corporation was doing, and he regretted that they were not altogether sustainel as they should be. The Corporation had not become political as a certain District Council had. He hoped that no one c u'd get into Council for Adelaide merely on the ground of political opinions. He should vote for the best man. In East Torrens they had only Hobson's" choice. If Mr. Fenn hid been a much in ferior man they must still have voted for him, because his opponent was so very inferior. ' Mr. Fisher, who was received with immense applause, returned thanks. W hen he sought toe privilege of being present on this occasion he did not expect to liave to acknowledge any tribute to himself or the Corporation. He felt the compliment especially at the present juncture. The Corporation had a great task to peiform, with very small means, but he could assert that they had evi- ry anxiety to do the utmist possible service, and that they never allowed political considerations to in fluence them. (Hear, hear.) It wuu'd be always gratifying to the Corporation to f;el that tiiey were sustained by the public, and that their efforts were approved of. He could not help expressing his great gratification at the choice the electors of East Torrens had made. ( Applause.) He was proud to call Mr. Fenn his frieud; he had known and watched him for years, and was sure a more honourable man did not exist. He was commissioned to apolo gise for the absence of Osmond Giiles, Esq., who was prevented by id health from attending, but who bad banded over to the Secretary a handsome contribution towards the expeuses nf elputiou. (CliOOl'3.) In conclusion tiie speaker expressed the satisfaction with which he had watched the growth of the colony, and expressed his hope that in all elections no per manent angry feelings would be engendered by the expression of opposite political feelings. (Cheers.) Mr. Paxton begged leave to say that he be lieved the Corporation consisted of the best men that could be found for the purpose in the colony. When he left the Corporation it was because be thought of leaving the colony for a while, not because he did not like his com rades. Mr. Barnard proposed " the Press." They were all much indebted to the press for know ledge and the support of political principles, and the press of this colony was a credit to ir. Mr. Garran, of the Observer, responded. He stated that the f unctions of the press at times of elections were sometimes slightly misap prehended. It was no part of the business of an editor to find representatives for consti tuencies, and force them down the throats of electors. A newspaper should f..irly chronicle facts, and inculcate a sound morality. It ou ;ht not to usurp the functions of the people. Newspapers, too, in the colony did not repre sent politic '1 parties in so defined a manner as they di i in England, and should not be looked to as exponents of party politics and fierce supporters of rival eaudidatas. Mr. Wells also acknowledged tbe toast on behalf of the Times. Mr. Mildred proposed " England and her Allies." Drunk with all the honours. Mr. John Baker proposed •' Tne Chairman." He took the opportunity of alluding to the subject of the District Councils. He was sure no one wished to charge the Councillors unjustly, and he thought that they had been ruber unjustly treated, as they had not inter fered improperly with the election. They owed the charge to the imprudence of their Chairman. Dr. Wark, on a Saturday evening, j went to inspect a public-house iu the district [ to see if it were a fit house for a licence. He allowed himself to be treated in that house to s ime " liquor," and the men working about the house were called in to joiu iu the tipple. In the course of the , chat, Dr. VVark expressed his desire to stand i for the district of East Torrens. There was the butcher, who got bis licence from the District Council, and the publican, and the carp -liter, and the painter; these people agreed to form a Committee to secure Dr. VVark's return, and, in consequence, though they had signed the requisition to Mr. Fenn, turned round aud opposed him. Dr. Wark was an inconsistent man. He went to the meeting at the Globe, expecting and intending to qet proposed, and yet he said that he came for ward reluctantly, and had been put into the chair at the meeting by a dodge. The Doctor I had said he had fallen gloriously, with his ' back on the field, an 1 his feet to the fie. He had hoped the Doctor was gnng to remain inthat position—(cheers) — but the subscription for his interment being insufficient, his ghost had been wandering about ever since. He ha I heard of it turning up iu Hiudinarsh— (laughter)—-and even in Victoria. (Laughter.) He hoped if Dr. Wark contested au election again, ha would fall again in the same man ner, on his back, with his toes in the air. (Laughter.) The speaker concluded with a compliment to the Chairman, whose health he proposed. The Chairman returned thanks. He would not have taken a prominent part in the elec tion, especially since a near relation of his own was on the other side, if he had not thought that Mr. Fenu had been badly used. Mr. Fenn wished to propose "Mr. George Aldridge," who had rendered him esseutial service in securing his election, and who was well known as an upright tradesman in Ken sington; and who, at the time of the outbreak of the gold, mania, had extended the hand of benev deuce to many persons. Mr. Aldridge returned thanks. What he had done he had d-me sincerely, and was glad he bad been useful. There was nothing he was more proud of than the service he had rendered to secure Mr. Fenn's return. : The Chairman proposed " The Vice-Chair man.Mr. J. B. Neales." Mr. Neales returned thanks. He felt it. tc great honour to have been the seconder of the nomination of Mr. Fenn. -He hoped they ' would get over the cant of the saying^ " mea sures not men." If they adopted that plan they would soon have nothing: but sticks in the Council. One-idea'd men, who could not see beyond the length of their nose, would not do for representatives. As be had stfid before, in Bast T< irrens they had no choice ; they had not two men, but one man and a blockhead. In England at the present time they had a sample of compromise, and 'a Ministry of men, uot of measures. " They had done wisely in choosing Mr- Fenn, and be hoped that in ail future elections the best men wou d also be chosen. If they chose a man merely for a cry, they would cry afterwards for having chosen him. The meetmg t en broke up, tfaongh some few choice spirits remained a Iiltte longer. 