;¡4¿r?'. xAw .INTELLIGENCE. ?"* ' _ 1 p.RMTnXÍi ORIMIN AL COUBT. ..":/. Tiiewlay, etil August. i:' (B«fuie HU Honor tho OIIIBF JUSTICE.) . ' - FELONIOUS ASSAULT. Charles Price Hood indicted for having at Kiama, on the 29th May last, unlawfully as saulted one James Smith, with intent to rob the said James Smith. The prisoner pleaded Not Guilty. The ATTORNEY-GENKRAL conducted the case for the Crown, and the prisoner was defended by Jfe-ers. DARVALL and HOLROYD. It appeared , in evidence that the prosecu- tor is a farmer residing near Jumbereo; 0n the evening of the day named in the indictment, Smith and the prisoner (who is a storekeeper and butcher near Kiama) were drinking together at Toole's public-house, when the prisoner proposed they should go down to another public-house kept by one Martin, where they proposed to play cards together. "The landlord, however, refused to permit any gambling in his house, and they were sent away. After leaving Martin's plare, ac- cording to Smith's testimony, the alleged assault and attempt at robbery took place. The evidence was extremely contradictory, however, and con- siderable doubt was thrown upon the testimony of the prosecutor. Smith, who, like the prisoner, appearèd to be greatly addicted to drinking. The evidence adduced both pro and con bore out the only reasonable assumption to be in- ferred, namely that the parties had quarrelled and grossly ill-used each other while under the in- fluence of intoxicating liquors. A great number of witnesses were examined, and after occupying the Court for a considerable time, the case was put to the jury, who returned a verdict of Not Guilty, and the prisoner was discharged after re- ceiving a caution from His Honor, to lead a more temporate life in future. The prosecutor, Smith, was then ordered back to gaol, whither he had been committed on the previous day, for drunken- ness and contempt of Court. PUTTING IN BODILY FEAR. John Kennedy and James Collett, aged re- spectively 18 and 22, were indicted for having, on the 2nd of July last, at West Dapto, feloniously discharged a gun at one Susan Paterson, with intent to alarm the said Susan Paterson. Thee prisoners pleaded Not Guilty, and were defended by Mr. Darvall. The ATTORNEY GENERAL stated the case, and culled Susan Paterson, who deposed that the was 11 years of age, and the daughter of a small farmer residing at Dapto, near Wollongong. The prisoners lived on a farm in the neighbour hood, and were in the habit of firing off guns every Sunday. On Sunday afternoon, the 2nd July, while the prosecutrix was engaged in looking for her father's cows, the prisoners came up and said, "There's the black strap ¡ fire at her." They were distant about twenty yards at the time; prose cutrix got frightened, and ran off ; three shots were fired; prosecutrix then told her father what had happened. John Paterson corroborated the testimony of his daughter, the prosecutrix. In cross-examination, it was elicited by Mr. DARVALL, that a great amouut of ill feeling existed between the prosccutiix's family and that of Kennedy, and that the pre-.ont proceedings wero originated in retaliation fur sundry netty annoyances which Pntvrson had been ttubjootid to by having his cattle impounded by Kennedy's Mr. DAnvALl. addressed tho jury for tho de fenco, commenting upon die trumpery nature of the case, and teaing forth what he hail been instructed wore the real facts of tho oise, namely, that tho piisoners, who had been out shooting, morely disohnrged their guns into tho air, pre- vious* to putting them into tho honse, and this, too, nt so great a distanco from »ny person thai no possible casually could result therefrom. This case, ho contended, was clcatly not within thc meauing of tim Act, which, by tho same inter- óseo, might oieu bo stretched to extend to per- sons employed in firing Baillies on hoard tho snip- ping, or ot'uny of tho batteries in Sydney. For tho defuice, il was shown by Constable JlcCione, of tho Dnpto Police, that some t«oor three hundred yards of Bpnce intervened between tho boundary of Paterson's lund, within which the girl was to where the boys stood when the guns were fired. Mrs Elizabeth Kennedy stated that tho boys lind fired from the door of tier own house, and that she lind bonni no threats nf shooting mndo u'o of hy them. Tho two families wore always in hot water. On one occasin, when a child of old Kennedy's was missing for some time, Paterson and his wife spread a report that she had been murdered hy her father, and Mrs Paterson further declared that the ghost of the child had twice appeared to her; in consequence of these reports, a vigorous search was instituted by the Police for the body, mid Kennedy's family were subjected to much annoyance in consequence ; on another occa- sion, Paterson iustitulod prooeciinus ngainst one of Kennedy's children, a boy of eleven years of age, fur cattle slenllng, which, however, «03 dis- missed by tho Magistrates. Elizabeth Taylor, o young womnn who was on a visit at Kennedy's house nt th« time, proved that lim boys not only fired into tho nir, hut th it tho picas bini leen held in ndifUrent diroi t'ou from tho girl altogether. His HONOR having summed up, the jury, with- out leaving the box, returned a verdict of Not Guilty, and the prisoners were discharged. INDECENT ASSAULT. Frederick Peer, n medical practitioner, furron dcrcd to his bail to take his trial upon nu indict mont charging him with having nt Sydney, on tho 17lh Juno Inst, wilfully and ivluiiously assaulted ene Charlotte Harpur. Tho prisoner pleaded Not Guilty, and was ? defended ly Messrs. DARVALL and HOLROYD. \- Die ATTORNEY-G EN KU AL conducted thc case on . behalf of the Crown. lt appeared from the avider ca that the prose- cutrix (who is tho wife of Joli ti Harpur, u shop- man employed 'by Mr. Criighton) «ont, on tho afternoon ol' the 17th Jene, to defondaiit's liouso inGcorgc-.strtot South, furihe purpose of scaling an account mid getting sumo medicines prepared. At tho teritiost of defendant, who hail previously attended her family, sho walked np . stairs, and while sitting on a sola rending "Fisher's Drawing-room Sornp.look," tho doctor came and put his orin around her neck mid kissed her. She pushed him away, but ho prccceded nevoflheloip, (according to her statement,) to fiirthor libel ties, of which, however, sho luitl no distinct^recollection, ns sho became confused and uncontcious. In about hnlfun hour after entering tho pince, jsreseotitilx «ontawiiy, tuking with her tho medicines for which sho had been waiting. She did not mention (he circumstance to her hus- band until about seven or eight days afterwards, when proceedings wero nt onco iiihlituted hy him agnlnst tho deten laut nt tho Police Court. It was also shown, that sonic friends of thu defen- dant had interested themselves iu tho case with a view of bringing about a oomptoiuiso between proscciitrix's husband mid Dr. Peer, lt fin thee npponrcd that Harpur mid his wife had nil but accepted of tho terms of compromise; which, ou tho other hand, it was contendid, tho defendant had never given his sanction to. After a powcr \- ful address to the jury, Mr. DARVALL bi ought fir ward about thirty most rcFpoctablo witnesses (malo and female), who all concurred in opinion BS ts tho irrepi'onchahlo diameter of tho dufrn uant, baili In his professional capacity und lu his ? prlvnto life. After a reply from tho ATTORNEY-GENERAL HIS HONOR Hummed up nt considerable length, romipi tulnting minutely every puniólo cf evidence bearing upon tho cuso ; und intimating his belief that tho preponderating nm .mit of tho testimony as lo character tliould havo some weight with tho jury, if tiley laboured under any doubt us to thu 8 ,,!!'or '?".oociico of tho defendant. Ibo Jury retired, and ufti r about nn hour's .Mélico returned into Com t wi iii a verdict of Not Guilty. Tho defendant waa nt once released from custody. Tho Court was densely crowded during tho hearing of the case, (chiefly by foreigncrc,) and tho return ol'tho verdict was hnlledwith loud maiilfcstatloiu of applause, ; which, howevir, were promptly roprossod by His HONOR, who an- imadverted rutliur severely upon such highly im- proper conduct. . (Bofuro Mr. Justico DICKINSON.) ASSAULT WITH INTENT TO VIOLATE. Jehu ainney was urrulgned for having, nt New town, OD Ibo 71 b July, 1854, assaulted ono, ADI Wynn, with Intent to violate her person. , , j The SOMCITOK-GKNKKAL conducted the prose-, millón. The ptisonor was defended by Wr. PUINO. The prisoner, who ls about IC years of age. and the prosccutrix wore fellow- sorvnnts, and ih< ofleuee was committed while tho family in which they wero employed was absent. Tho only wit- nesses examined wero tho proseciitrix and Mrs. Lackenste n, in whoso servuu tho pa:ties wert when the ocourroi ne took place. The jury faun J tin prisoner Guilty, hut recom- mended him to mercy, on ace, nut i f his you'll. Ho W(,s pcnlcnred to te imprisonod, andkcil to hard larour t'..r twelve months. ASSAULT WITH INTENT TO non. William Shu-ley was indicted for having;, cn the Campbelltown Hund, on tho 3rd ol' Juno, as- saulted tiu James Brandon, with intuit to roi him. Tho Soi.iciTon-ficNF.RAL conducted thc pro*C' cutioo. 'ibo pritoner wu» defended by Mr. BLAKE. Tho fir.-t witness examined was Brandon, tho prosecutor, who depose 1 to all tho circum- stances attending the alleged offunce, which took place ou tho road between Syd- ney nnd Campbelltown. Tho prosecutor was riling along the road, about 10 o'clock ut nii>ht, when ho was accosted by tho prisoner, who a>kvd him to drink, which tho prosecutir r of mod. Tho prisoner himself drank out of a bottle, which he had IR bis possessio!!, and bo coming drunk, full off bis horse Brandon rod J on, but was subsequently agnin joined by th« prisoner. Thc prosecutor » ho, in thcmenntime, hud been joiucd by another pal ty, and tho pi ironer than proceeded along the road in company, until they arrived at the Bobin IlooJ Inn. Hum tho alleged offence was attempted^ a scufllo taking place, in which tho prisoner wns worsted l>y the prosecutor, but not until tho latter ha 1 boen considerably benton. Brandon avowed that tho drunkeune-s ot the prisoner Kn« simulated, or at all events that ho was sober when the assault was committed. Alexander Coon doposol to having wit; o-sed the ccuflle; In which Morley uppcurid to he the worttcd party. In tho com.su of croas-cxamiiutioii, it tran- spired that Morley and Brandon, previous to leaving Campbelltown, and »hilo ou thu road, hud been disputing about religion and country; tlie former saying that ho was fr.iin tho north'of Ireland, and famitiug tho other as being a North of Ireland Orangeman. Mr. Watson, landlord of the Bobin Hood iLn, on tho Campb.-lltown toad, deposed to having been called from his bcd hy tho prosecutor on the nigh, in ipichtiou, when he witne.»sol tho latter part of the BCi.file, uni saw the prisoner run away. This witness stated that he believed Murley to have been sober at the time. Mr. BI.AK.K I'dJioa.-uJ tho jury at considerable length for tho di.fence ; and called Henry lCgglo>tone, who deposed that the pi i soner bad been in his omrloy for SOUK months prêtions to the day mentioned in tho indictment, during «Muli periud bo haJ conducted himself honestly and »oil, his only fault being a ilbqio 8.linn to indulge intccasiunal di iuking-buu s. The SOLICITOR- GK> CUAL t OJ lied; aud bis HoNon having summed up, Tho Jury rei hod, nnd after an ubEenro of about half "an hour, returned int« Court with a verdict of .' Guilty of un usiuulf, without «ny felonious intent." Thu pri. oner was remanded for sentence. RonilEUY. Alfred Maurice, alias Moody, was indicted for having at fyilncy, nu thc 2nd Mny lust, while in company with ntUillicr person unknown, filoni. ou.sly assaulted one John Lindsay, with intent to tob tko said Juhn Lindsay. Tho SOLICITUK-GBNEUAL cciiiuctod the case fur tho Crown. Tho alleged outrage took pince nf, night in a house slLiiatc in Cyras f.auc, off York-s: ri ot. Tho prosecutor, it appealed, bal followed into the hmo two persons who had asked him to tic.it them to drink. Having entered the liou-o in question, piocecntor wns immediately nttiickid by two ultu, who tonk fi om him ¿Cl, 15s. in uiish, mid a iiu^'get of gold valued^ ut ¿C3. or £i. Lindsay however, waa not positive as lo the Mouthy of the prlsouer, nnd tliero win hUiwisu many gross contradictions in thc evidence. TÍiu cries of Lindsay on tho < caution referred to, attracted the attention ol' sovtral witnet-ci, who riroko into tho house, and saw two pei sens, ono of whom greatly resembled tho pri-otn-r ; lb« other was a mau known us " Alick," who .-ub sequcntly ni mle good hts escape to l'ort 1 hillip. Tho prisoner Mau- icu, or Alo dy, was. upj.ro bended about eight days ofter tho outrage by Inspector Singleton, who recognised I.hu Irom tho descriptiou he received of him. His HONOR having euniiiiod tip, tho jury rot urned a verdict of Not Guilty, mid tho pri- soner was discharged. Af its rising, thu Court stood adjourned till teu o'clock this morning. 