-$ VICTORIA THEATRE. '33% Theatre commenced the season on Monday Evening, within chaffs mM supported by a tmraWj strode out The house had been tholjwglflfjc edwd sp re- decorated during th$!rec£gb, white and crimson, with a gold rorôldinjf,^rraa%eé\vi pknmlBforming the materials, And the effect I was upon the quite satisfactory. We regret that these ling was not included in the re- vivifying process; and would suggest a bright rose-colored wash over the wretched burlesque of clouds, which are fast fading into a confused medley of dirt and color. This, with the moulding used in the other part of the house run round the interior of the large scroll border, would materially lighten and improve the appearance of this part of the house, and bring it in to conformity with the rest. The principal character in the play was taken by Mr. Waller, of whom, with the other portions of the company, the public are already informed. Of this gentleman's Hamlet we are scarcely willing to say much. In some parts it was a very creditable peri for mandarin others greatly below the mark The soliloquies were fairly delivered-the "To be, or not to be" being the most effective. The meeting with the Ghost of his father and the interview with Ophelia were the best portions of the personation. It would be unfair to pass any opinion on Mr. Waller's general merits as an actor from his first person mance. He seemed to be suffering from a cold, which at times gave his voice a curious harshness. On other oppor munitions and in parts requiring less than Hamlet from the intellectual powers of the actor, we doubt not to find him all that general's reputation would have us believe him to be. One great recommendation in his favor is that he did not roar or tant. Mrs. Waller's Ophelia was the gem of the performance. It was beyond our expecta- tion, and the boat personation of the character that has ever been on the Hobart Town stage. She will have some difficulty in fulfilling the expectations which her first appearance has created, Polonius was carefully, and on the whole creditably sustained by Mr. Walsh. A little less of today would have rendered it more perfect-for Polonius is not a took The advice to his son (which we were sorry to see omitted) proves this. Mr. Tuthill ewe life to Ascanius and the Grave danger. He made-up well for the respective parts, and in the latter established himself as a general favourite. The rest of the Dramatis Vettonm do not require much notice, but of these Mr. Turner and Mr. < ox deserve favourable mention, the former especially. he improves on four their acquaintance and with care and study may become a good, though not a great actor. The scenery was fresh and clean-the burial scene being the most effective. The last effect was unsatisfactory. Steps to thrones are even if of wood, generally covered with carpet, and we would suggest that in future royal displays this should be attended to., In the Farce of Perfection, which followed, Mrs. Waller showed her power and treat party to an extent that surprised the audience, and fairly took the Theatre by storm. Mr. 'Tuthill exhibited the excellence of which his previous performance gave promise. At the fall of the curtain, Mr. and Mrs. Waller and Mr. Tuthill tree fired the usual honors. The house was crowded with an attentive t and quiet audience. We however beg especially to direct, the attention of the manager to the baby nuisance. Half a dozen children in different parts of the house succeeded each other in disturbing the business of the stage, and now and then rendered the speeches of the actors inaudible. Babies have no busi- ness in theatres, and we hope some measure will be taken for their exclusion.' ' We congratulate Mr. Watson on his efforts to provide rational amusement for the people; and hope that his success will be such as to stimulate him to further exertions in the same direction. He well deserves, and we hope will receive the liberal support of all friends of the drama. 