^ SYDNEY POLICE COURT.. . .. ".. Saturday. There were twenty-two persons, on:, the .Drunkards' List. . Breach of the Police Act.-Three; carters, for. riding, on their drays in the public-streets'' were ordered each to pay a fineof 10s., together with2s. 6d. costs. . ' ::.r: ' Assault.-Horatio Artluir was.charged with assaulting Miss Ani^. Cochrane. . From the evidence of the prosecutrix.it appeared that - she and a; Mrs. O'Brien had, on the previous night, accompanier, from their residence in Phillip-street, a Mrs. O'Loughlin to her house in Pitt-street South, and that on their wayback, about hali past eleven o'clock, they became witnesses of a disturbance, before a public-house at the corner of Goulburn-street, created by two , . men, oiie of whom, to all appearance helplessly drunk, was attacked j by the other who had taken off his coat. The prosecutrix, on the impulse of the moment, cried out, " Don't fight with that man-? ' he's too drunk." She had hardly uttered the words, when the j defendant gave her a blow which drove her-across the footway into I the gutter ; attracted by her cries, Constable Shepherd came up, i and she gave the defendant into custody. On their way to the j watchhouse, Mrs. O'Brien interceded for the-defendant with the prosecutrix, and, persisting in her kind and rather noisy interven- tion in spite of continued refusals, was herself taken into custody by the constable ; upon this, the prosecutrix began to cry and to intercede for her friend, whereupon she too was apprehended by another constable. They were both then locked up ; they were both-sober. On cross-examination, it was elicited that in the ? course of the evening they had had two nobblers of brandy each. The defendant was sentenced to pay a fine of £1, or to be impri- soned for three days. ? ? j The prosecutrix in the preceding case, and Mrs. O'Brien, were then called np on the charges against them, and discharged. Désertion.-J ames Regan was charged by his wife, Margaret Regan, with having deserted her, and neglecting to provide for her support. The defendant was ordered to pay 10s. weekly for two years. Monday. Twenty-nine persons were charged with drunkenness. Breach of the Vagrant Act.-Six men were brought up who had been apprehended on the previous night, at about eleven o'clock, lying on the grass in Hyde Park near St. Mary's Church and, not being able to give a satisfactory account of themselves, were sentenced each to be imprisoned for one month. Obtaining Monet/ under False Pretences.-Chancey P. Scudder was charged with having, in the month of March last, obtained, under false pretences, a sum of £600 from Mr. Stephen Butts, proprietor of the Golden Fleece Inn, corner of George and King streets. It appeared that the defendant had obtained the amount in question as a loan from the prosecutor, on his (the defendant's) representation that he had purchased a quantity of land from Mr Mort, and that he would, as soon as he obtained them, lodge the : titledt eds thereof "with the* prosecutor-as- secimrj'-'for-'the-Tepay-.< ment of the money. - The prosecutor never received the title deeds, ; and, in. a few days afterwards, was informed that the defendant had j absconded, and had sailed for California on board the Sta?- of thc j East, under the assumed name of Schuller. That vessel left this port on the 3rd instant, but was forced to put back on Saturday " last Infdi marion of the affair was given to Inspector Singleton, who affected the apprehension of the prisoner on the following day. A black carpet bag, belonging to the defendant, was taken pos . Kession. of by the Inspector, and found to contain 419 sovereigns. The case^was remanded until Thursday. Bail refused. ' Tuesday. There were twenty-three persons oñ the Drunkards' List. Larceny.-Mary Farrell, for stealing seven breakfast plates from tlie shop door of Mrs. Sherlock in King-street, was sentenced to fourteen days': imprisonment in Darlinghurst Gaol. Breach of. ike Police Act.--Three-Carters, for riding on their ?drays in the public streets, were fined each 10s., together with 2s. Gi. costs. Shoplifting.--Philip Calligan was charged with attempting to steal a pair of trousers from the shop of Mr. Fairfax, draper, of George-street, ori the evening-of Saturday last. The prisoner was^ observed by Mr. Fairfax in the actof removing the trousers. On being addressed, he at once pretended to be blind; Committed-, for trial at the. Quarter Sessions. Disorderly Conduct.--Robert "VVatts," a journeyman butcher, was charged with, creating .a disturbance and using threatening lan- guage at the residence of Mr.'Gilbert Wright, solicitor, on Mon- day last. It appeared that about six weeks since, Mr. .Wright had ordered some veal of his butcher, which was sent home ; and s not long afterwards another joint of veal was left at the house, closely resembling that previously sent ; when Mr. Wright heard of it, he saw at .-once that it was a mistake, but after making en- quiry among his neighbours, was unable to find any owner for the meat; he therefore kept it for several days, until, from its tainted condition, he was obliged to have it thrown away ; about a week after, the defendant came to him with a bill for 13s. 6d., for veal supplied, and, \on enquiry, he found that meat, which had been' intended for another Mr. Wright, had by mistake been left with him ; from that time until. Monday he had been continually an- noyed by this man for the money. On Monday he came again, 'Swearing that he would remain at the door until he was paid. Mr. Wright tharefore gave him into custody. The defendant was discharged, with an intimation from the Bench that, if he had any . demand on.Mr. Wright, he must have recourse to the proper legal means for its enforcement. ! Wednesday. There were twenty persons on the Drunkards' List. Disorderly Conduct.--Thomas Fitzgerald was charged »with riotous conduct in'the George-street market. From the evidence of Constable Wright, and of Mr. Keck, Clerk of the Market, it appeared that, about two o'clock on Tuesday, the prisoner was in the market, much excited, although not apparently intoxicated. He was brandishing a piece of iron, and menacing every one who approached him. The prisoner was ordered to pay a fine of £1, or in default tobe imprisoned for seven days.-Fitzgerald was then charged with having assaulted the constable who took him into custody, and ordered to pay a further fine of £1, with 2s. 6d. costs, or to be imprisoned for seven days. Assault.-John Harris Williams,, for assaulting. Mr. Toogood, of the Rainbow Tavern, Pitt-street, was sentenced to pay a fine of 10s., or to be imprisoned for twenty-four hours. Stealing from the Person.-James Jerry was charged with steal- ing money from the person of Captain Marr, of the Anna Dixon. Captain Marr deposed that on the previous night he .lay down to sleep on board his vessel in his clothes ; he had some money in his pocket wrapped up in paper, consisting of sovereigns and silver, but he did not know the exact amount. He was awoke by one of the passengers, who gave him some information which in- duced him to give t he prisoner into custody. John Smethurst, passenger, deposed that, about two o'clock in the morning, he saw the Captain asleep, and the prisoner unbuttoning his pocket, and taking therefrom a small paper parcel which he opened ; witness saw that it contained money. The prisoner then hailed a boat for the purpose of going on shore. Witness informed the prosecutor of the matter, and the defendant was taken into custody. Con- stable McCabe deposed that he searched the prisoner, and found on Iiis person the sum of £3 5s. 10d., wrapped up in a piece of paper which the captain identified as his. Committed for trial at the Quarter Sessions. Assault.-Mr.'W. Barton, of Cumberland-street, was charged by a young woman, named Green, with having on last Friday as- saulted.her. It appeared that the complainant, who is a servant, went on Friday evening to Mr. Barton's house to see a female who had been a fellow servant, having arrayed herself for the visit iu a sheet, and daubed her cheek with whiting, intending, in this fancy costume, to represent a ghost. Mr. Barton' found her on his premises in this disguise, and chastised her. The complaint was dismissed, and the complainant informed by Mr. Johnson (who appeared for Mr. Barton) that to personate a ghost is an indictable offence^ Thursday. ? Seventeen persons were charged with drunkenness. Protection.-A young man, named William Fowler, was brought up charged with being of unsound mind. Constable Kennedy deposed that he had found the defendant, between the hours of two and three o'clock in-the morning, in the act of enter- ing the window of a house in Woolloomooloo. On being ques- tioned, he stated that .three boys wer«, following him with the in- dention of shooting him. The witness, therefore, believing him to be insane, had confined him for protection. Dr. Rutter, having examined the man, stated that he was labouring under mental de- rangement, caused chiefly,' he believed, by intemperance. The de- fendant was remanded for fourteen days, in order to be submitted .to medical treatment. ? Petty Larceny.--Margaret Hogan was charged with stealing two dresses, the property of Alice. Haman, servant to Mr. John Reedy, tailor, of Bridge-street. The prisoner, having been ob- served to take the dresses from a fence whore they had been hang- ing out to dry, was followed by Mr.1 Reedy, who gave her ii.to custody. The prisoner was sentenced to three months' imprison- ment with lu rd labour. . Assault and Robbery.-John Henry was charged with assaulting ?George Digby, on the night of Monday last, and stealing from his ¡persona silver watch, valued at £7 7s. It appeared that, ata little before tweh« o'clock on the night in question, Digby and a friend, having just left the theatre, entered Mr. Toogoocl's Hotel for the purpose of having a glass of wine together. On leaving the house, they met the prisoner and another man at the door. The latter exclaimed, "That's the fellow-give it to, him," and the prisoner immediately attacked the prosecutor, who, on coming to himself, found that his watch was gone. Inspector Holmes coming up, the prisoner was given into custody, the other man having effected.his escape. William .Forsythe, who had been sub- sequently upprehended as the second party,.was.also".placed iu.the ; dock, and identified by Digby. Both prisoners were committed ! for trial at the Quarter Sessions. 