RELIGIOUS ASPECT OF THE CHINESE REVOLUTION. ('From the Timet of September 20.1 , we apprenend that iew reaaers wouiu ne able without some bewilderment to peruse the documents connected with the Chinese ir.sur mnHnn whio.1i Jinv-i T«-pti nnhlishpfl in thesfi columns. The extract is of considerable length, the coherence of the matter is by no means obvious, and the tautology an! me taphors of Oriental language contribute in no small degree to the obscurity of the expo sition. Nevertheless, the report is really of great importance, for its authenticity may be relied upon, and it will be found, when pro perly appreciated, to offer a very striking in sight into the prosent religious persuasions of tho insurgent Chinese. It is in this peculiar respect that the rebellion has been regarded with such unusual interest in this country. A dynastic quarrel, or even a political convul sion, in the Chinese empire could hardly have been expected to make much impression upon the nations of the West; but when the people of England heard that the recognition of Christianity was actually maintained as a leading principle in the camp of the insurgents, and that a serious purpose of superseding idoH^^^B-puto'iarUi^-thB GoapeJ w*3 blended with the design of sribvertJB& the TartafGrovernment, they became interested' indeed, and great anxiety was testified for reports of so wonderful a revolution. It seems that among the Princes of the Pre tender's Court, one, styled the Eastern Prince, professes, or is considered to receive, Divine inspiration, and indeed it is represented either figuratively, or as literal truth, that theDivinity descends from Heaven to announce His will, Either directly or through such medium, to the Chinese people. The narrative accordingly purports to detail tho revelation so made, and Bets forth a visit of ' the Heavenly Father' in person, together with an elaborate communi cation which the Eastern Prince was commis sioned to deliver iu the Divine name to the Celestial King, i.e. tne Pretender himself. The commands thus conveyed have reference not to any doctrinal propositions or any lofty precepts of moralitv. but to the general administration 3t tne liovernment, me management oi me Court, and e ven the regulation of its ceremonial. The officers of the Court, and especially the female officers, are to be treated with more indulgence and considers.! ion ; the King is to be less hasty and impetuous, to inflict punish ment in moderation and upon ; reasonable grounds only, to be thoughtful in his.nctions, and to give his attendants less occasion to stand iu awe of him. In particular, he is en joined to be 'ca'utious iu visiting offence with death, and is recommended to adopt such a method of proceeding in capital cases as woald leave room for investigation and pardon. Such arijihjjjrecepja for _wjbich the imme diate authority of the Divinity is claimed, and which are announced in all the awful phrase ology of 'Revelation itself. As a climax, the Celestial King is represented. as ascribing to the Eastern Prince, in consideration of these communications, the mission and title of the 'Comforter, even the Holy. Ghost,' and this designation we are told, has been. assumed ac cordingly. ' . The first impression upou the reader's mind will .naturally be that of overwhelming dis gust at. the blasphemous parody thus enacted, and i many persons will conclude, perhaps, that the Gospel in China is little more than a shocking mockery of sacred things and names. We are not, however, without an opinion *hat such a view of the case might be both unjust and unwarranted. That the Chinese, have imbibed any thing like the spirit of true Christ ianity, it is impossible to believe, but we do not know that their errors were worse than were to be anticipated from what appears to have been a total absence of instruction. How, when, or where Christianity in any shape be came diffused, among this singular people, has always been a mystery, but the result seems to have been accomplished, probably because preaching was impracticable, through the agency of tracts, books, or pictures alone, and the cousequence does certainly appear in some measure to justify the view3 of those who assert that Bibles without teachers can not ' be expected to make Christians. The Chinese seem to have learnt the language, the chief tenets, and the leading doctrines of Christianity, and then to have moulded these materials into such a form as their own un aided iustiucts suggested. , They have re tained-theirowit notions of-Divinityaud King ship, and have applied to these old traditions phraseology and forms derived from the Holy Scriptures. In further excuse of their proceedings, let is request the reader to observe that their jhristiawty, however monstrous may be its. shape, is nevertheless, so far as it goes, made instrumental for good. Though the instruc ions and commands for which the will of the Divinity is pleaded are in our eyes of anything but a sacred character, yet it will be seen that the object is, after all, undoubtedly beneficial, rhe orders thus revealed are calculated to iontrol the passions of a despotic Sovereign, md to promote the observance of charity and forbearance among the members of an influen tial Court. It should be remembered, too, that the devotion paid by the Chinese to their Mo narchs had always taken the form of idolatry, and that the identification of Royalty with Divinity is in a greater or lesser degree aa idea inherent in the Oriental mind. \Ve suspect, indeed, that even a cursory reference to those old; historians who relate the first introduction of Christianity into barbarous countries would supply some pretty close parallels to this Chi nese narrative. The first individual to be approached was the King or Chief, the first thiup; to be corrected was the violence of his passions, and it was no more than natural that barbarians should be addressed at first in the only language which they could understand. We think,' therefore, that there is no neces sity for hastily despairing of Chinese Chris tianity, or concluding that the. Divine doc trines oF the Gospel have been deliberately depraved for any purposes of men. It appears to us rather that there must be good; ground for hope in that condition of affairs which has rendered Christianity, evon in so strange a guise, an impoitant element of social aud poli- . tical life, and has induced a large part of an enormous population to supersede the tradi tions of an ancient reliiriou bv at least the language of a purer faith. It cannot be said it present that the Chinese have learnt the Grbspel, but they have at any rate been taught to abandon a system of idolatry, to profess themselves believers in something better, and to appeal to this new law for the correction of social evil. The whole narrative reads very much like an invention devised for the express; purpose of controlling the passions of the King ; but though its form and style are re pulsive to Christian readers, the object of the design was good, nor can it bo said that the doctrines of Scripture have been borrowed for purposes of wickedness of violence.. It will, probably, be long before this extraordinary revolution is consummated, but we do not seb that the hopes entertained of the eventual conversion of China need be dcspondingly abandoned. 