THE SYNODICAL PASTORAL OF ARMAGH. Wei' the Archbishops and Bishops of the Province .of Armagh, in Provincial Synod assembled, to our dearly beloved brethern and children in .',. Christ, the Clergy, secular and regular, and the \ £iithful under our jurisdiction — health tnd be ' nediction in our Lord Jesus Christ. We greet you with good tidings of great joy. But a few months ago we informed you that we . —,nt-.1rf moot: tncrpthpr in Provincial Sx'nnrl fit Timer— ; heda on the 10th of the present month, and thus rerestablish between us and our beloved clergy and flocks a mode of communion and a system of I action which have suffered in this country along, and to us, a painful interruption. We then soli cited you to offer your fervent prayers, together ' with ours, to the throne of grace, that we might find grace in seasonable aid, and be thus enabled to take such steps as would ensure the attainment ?of the objects we had in view — the glory of God ' and the salvation of your souls. There now devolves on us a still more pleasing duty—to announce to you the happy issue of our synbdical labours in the adoption of measures ?which, sanctioned or modified by the Holy See, as far as in its wisdom may seem fit, will become \- for you rules of action in your respective spheres. Your fathers desired to see the day when their prelates could assemble in peace for such impor tant purposes. They knew that unity of action was one of the blessings which Christ most ear nestly invoked upon the pastors of His church, and that the apostles though inspired and indi vidually infallible, met in council to consult toge .: therjon the best means of .guarding or promoting the interests of the faithful. But owing to various impediments, many gene ; rations of those who have gone before you could not enjoy a blessing which is at last granted to ? you. After a lapse of nearly 300 years, we see ? the revival in the Irish church of a means which authority and experience have recommended as ? j most efficacious in correcting abuses, invigorating discipline, and drawing closer together the bonds which unite the laity to the clergy, the clergy to ' the' bishops, and the bishops to the successor of 'Saint Peter, in whom resides the full primacy of v' .honour and jurisdiction. These, we confidently ? hope, will be the fruits of the Synod which has . just terminated m this. town. .The unity and charity which marked all its proceedings — the anxiety manifested by all who shared.in its delib'e ; rations, to promote, the interests of our holy reli ' gion — and the unanimity of sentiment which dic tated all its decrees, afford us the consoling assu rance -that your prayers for its success have not \- been offered in vain. For, this signal mark of divine mercy our souls should bless the Lord,' and all that is -within us praise His holy name. Confiding not in our own wisdom, but in His -goodness, we may expect that our labours will be crowned with the desired fruit. We may entertain too, a lively hope that the Mother of God will invoke the blessings of her Son on .the work we have undertaken in her own month, and under her own holy auspices. ' . Whilst, however, we congratulate you on the happy termination of our Synod, we cannot sepa ? rate on this occasion without reminding you that ' the realization of the hopes we entertain depends ?'also in a great measure on your faithful fulfilment of the obligations you contracted in your baptism ; ..... the first of which in order, and certainly not the ' . least in importance, is to preserve your own faith, and the faith of those committed to your care, from all contamination. There never was a period in the history of this country when this funda '' mental principle of our religion was exposed to ?' more insidious attacks' than at the present time. »? The time chosen by the devil to tempt our blessed Lord was after he had fasted forty daj's and forty .nights, and was hungry. It would seem that this event has suggested the plan of operation which is now carried on to undermine the faith of the Irish people. After a famine of several years^ a host of tempters has appeared amongst them, j i ' creeping into houses,' as in the- time of St. . ( Paul,' and teaching things they ought not for * filthy lucre's sake.' We know that the efforts of these emissaries of evil have failed except in a '??'? few localities ; we are aware that the reports they : have sent to their employers have been recently 'denounced by respectable Protestant clergymen '-??' as tissues of unblushing falsehoods ; but it is, , nevertheless, your duty to employ every legitimate .,. means in your power to deliver our country from ','.' tnis pest .Wherever it has appeared strife and ' contention have been engendered among persons 'who had previously lived in peace and harmony. We implore our clergy, and the Societies of St. ? ? Vincent of Paul, now happily established under ? .' their sanction in all the towns of this province, to .;lessen the force of the temptations to which our -poor. people are exposed by diminishing, as far as ,. -possible, the great privations many of them have to endure. It cannot be too often impressed on you that ?'' the providing of our people, and especially of the ?poorer classes, with a moral and religious educa ; tion, is the best means that can be adopted to check \- -the diffusion of the pernicious doctrines which are now attempted to be scattered among them. Of . those who have been induced to sell their faith for a 'mess of pottage,' the greater part have already ' returned to the one fold of the true shepherd of '''' their souls. The principles they imbibed in their \- youth preserved them from the taint of formal heresy, and rendered their conversion a matter of little difficulty, when the temptations to which they had yielded were removed. By imparting to the rising generation the blessings of a moral and religious education, we give them a shield to repel the darts of the wicked one, and a principle of resurrection if they should happen to fall. Hence the paramount duty of pastors and parents is to see that thechildren placed under their care are provided with this* inestimable blessing. ' Even the sea monsters,' says God, in the 4th chapter of the Lamentation of Jeremias, ' have drawn out the breast — they have given suck to their young — the daughter of my people is cruel, like the ostrich in the desert. The little ones have asked for bread, and there was no one to break it to tijhem.' How- much a greater crime than this must it be; for': parents to neglect the wants of their children's souls* The parent who abandons his offspring to ignorance and the fearful consequence of ignorance, is lading up for him self a dreadful accountagainsj^^-cUiyof wrath and the revelation of the just judgment 'of God. But it is on the zealous exertions of our clergy that we chiefly rely in the war we have now,- to wage against the spirit of error in leugue with, the mammon of iniquity. Our fellow-labourers in the vineyard are not ignorant of the obligations they have contracted to instruct the little ones, of whom is the kingdom of God, and we beseech them, through the bowels of Christ, not to neglect this, the most important of all their duties. At a time when there is such a desire for education among all classes, the greatest care should be taken te afford parents no excuse for sending their children to schools where they would re ceive education without the safeguard that should accompany it. To visit the schools established in their parishes — to train:-in the way they should go, the children placed under their care— to im press on the young the dangers to which they are exposed, and the necessity of guarding against, these dangers by frequently, and devoutly ap proaching the sacraments— are: matters, which now demand a redoubled- zeal from the pastors of the church. ? .. In order to arrest more effectually the. progress of the evil to which we allude, we exhort the laity to co-operate with their clergy. , It is a matter of consoling experience that confraternities . of the Christian Doctrine, composed solely of lay men, aije generally productive of the greatest benefits ' to religion. If pious sodalities were formed to watch. the movements of those who are endeavouring to corrupt the faith of our people — to relieve the wants of such persons as may on this account be exposed to: greater temptations — and to employ such other means of counteracting the evil as their own piety united to the wisdom of their pastors, may suggest, the best results might be confidently expected. There is another admonition suggested by this subject, and which we deem ourselves bound to address to you on the present occasion. We know, and it is to . us a matter of inexpressible delight, that your 'faith is sound; but it must be always our duty to remind you that fait)i without works is dead — that without the grace of God we can do nothing— and that prayer and the sacra ments, are the channels through . which . the divine principle is imparted to our. souls. When, recourse is not had to .the sacraments, or when they. are received without; due preparation, the enemies of our faith must find a state of things most favorable' to; their pernicious designs. . ? § Among the causes, which prevent some of our people from approaching the sacraments, the one, we deplore most is the existence, of illegal societies in-certain districts of . this province. -We have again and again repeatedly implored, and .we now again, with united voices, implore such of .our people as belong to .these' accursed societies, to. disconnect themselves from .; them atonce^and for ever. - Sacrilege at the ; altar — drunkenness — premature and ignominious deaths on ; the scaffold — -the shedding 'of innocent, blood ; by ?night and. by. day—- the separation of husbands from- their wives, arid of 'children, 'from their parents — are the/ effects,, and; .the only effects, these societies ,have. hitherto produced.. We denounce the members of them as the greatest enemies of. their religion and; country; disgracing the former .as far as m.an can do .so, and retard ding the progress of. the latter in useful im provements. ? .?. ,!? . , . .'? ;..;? ; ..; ? ,. : With respect, to. the sacraments which are ? received without .due preparation, we wish to direct your attention' particularly to t the.. sacra- ment of marriage, established: by : God and: raised by Christ- to the; dignity :of. a sacrament. Mar aiageis in itself a holy* and. honorable state; but ,it is not always ;.a happy tone to many of those who embrace it. It too often ???, happens that the sacred relation of husband and wife is felt as a heavy, and galling chain by many who have con 'tract'e'd that relation, because tihey did so without the due preparation which' would ' have made their yoke sweet and their 'burthen. light. v We most earnestly implore all who intend to renter into, this holy state to consider seriously the end for' which' it was established— the responsi bility which 'attaches' to it— and the. state of -grace which its sacramental character requires in those who embracerit. : It must never be forgotten that this divine institution was not ordained . for the gratification of passion, or the. promotion of worldly, interest. 'One of its most essential obli gations consists in giving a .Christian edtocaljon to the children who are. born of it; and it re quires unity of feeling and faith in the parents of such children. It is the duty of those who pro pose to embrace the marriage state to procure the sanction of religion and the blessing of the church for their marriage, and therefore avoid uniting themselves with persons of a different religion. We trust that none of our people will, either through the hope t)f some worldly advantage, or under the influence of insane passion, contract such marriages as the church has never ceased to reprobate. We trust, moreover, that none* with out grave cause, will ask the authorities in the church to dispense in any. degree of kindred or relationship, which the church, influenced by most weighty reasons, has made an impediment to a valid marriage. You are already aware tint the Synod of Thurles ordained that this sacrament, *and the sacraments of baptism and penance should be administered in the church. You are also aware that this is the practicft of all Catholic countries. There have been great causes to justify in Ireland a deviation from this practice ; but now that these causes have ceased to exist, the departure from 'universal Catholic custom which they introduced, should cease to exist. We therefore expect that clergy:and laity will. unite in giving effect to the decree of our National Synod on this subject. Whilst we applaud the zeal which, with the return of -better times, the clergy and people of this province have evinced for the erection of suitable churches, and the better adaptation of those already existing to the purposes of Divine worship, we are aware that much still remains to be done in this matter, particularly as regards the internal decorations of the churches ; and we now entreat of you all, that, remembering how our loving Lord vouchsafes to honour our churches in so wonderful a manner with His presence, you would leave nothing undone, as far as your means permit, to provide those suitable ornaments for the house of God, and requisites for His worship, which would form a safeguard against the majesty of a God, concealed under such humble appear ances, being overlooked. In fine, dearly beloved brethren, we need not remind you of the important truth conveyed in the words of the Apostle — ' Know you not that you are .the temple of God, and that the spirit of God dwelleth in you. But if any man violate the temple of God, him shall God* destroy ; for the temple of God is holy, which . you are.' (1st Ep. to Corinth, iii. 16, 17). You will, there tore, be most zealous, at all times, for the beauty of this house of God, which you are ; and you will most carefully guard yourselves against everything which could defile it, and deprive you of tn'e inestimable treasure of sanctifying grace without which God will not dwell in you. Fly from the debasing sin ? of intemperance, and let ' all uncleanness be not so much as named among you, as become th saints.' (Ephes. v. 3.). In all things taking care that your heartreprehend you not, mindful of the»words of the beloved dis ciple—' Dearly beloved,, ff.our heart' do not re prehend us, we have confidence towards God ; and whatsoever, we shall ask we shall receive of Him, because we keep His commandments, and do. these things which are pleasing in His sight.' (1st, John iii. 21, 22) 'For the rest, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever modest, Whatsoever just, whatsoever holy, whatsoever lovely, whatsoever of good fame,, think on these things.' (Phillip, iv. 8). And ' May the grace. of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the charity of God, and the communication of the Holy Ghost, be . with you all. Amen.' . .(2nd Corinth, xiii. 13). . . Given at Drogheda, 17th May, 1854. f Joseph, Archbishop of Armagh ,:. . and Primate of all Ireland. . _ ,. f Patrick, Bishop of Raptioe. . ,*j;, Janies, Bishop of Kilmore. . ? f John, Bishop of Meath. . ; : . -. , : f Michael, .Bishop of Dromore. f Cornelius, Bishop of Down ? and \ Connor,. . ' . . .',V-. t. Cliarles, B.ishop of Clogher. '.' , , . f, Francis, Bishop of Titupolis, Apos . r . . A dm. of Deny, ..,,.. ,',.?. ?j- John, Bishop of Ardagh. . 