THE CAPITOL AT WASHINGTON. Built of light-coloured stone, and in the Co- rinthian style of architecture, the Capitol, with its wings, handsome portico, and lofty dome, is an edifice of imposing appearance. Advancing up the exterior flights of steps, and entering the portal, we are ushered into a central rotunda, ninety five feet in diameter, and lighted from the cupola above. On the walls around this spacious vestibule, and on a level with the eye, are placed a series of large pictures representing scenes in American history ; two of which, the surren der of Burgoyne and Cornwallis, cannot but bring unpleasant recollections to the mind of the English visitor. Chairs are placed in front of the pictures for the benefit of strangers, who are further accommodated with a printed key to the figures. At different points, doors lead to inner lobbies, whence access is gained to the Hall of the House of Representatives, and to the Senate Chamber, the Library, and other rooms — all so frequently described, that I spare any account of them on the present occasion. I must not omit, however, to mention one thing, from its extreme novelty. This is the perfect liberty to roam at will, without question and without comment, over the whole building. Nor is there any want of attendants ready and willing to afford any sort of information. By one of these I was obligingly conducted to the top of the cupola, whence a splendid view was obtained of the city beneath ; the two environ- ing arms of the Potomac, beyond which were the woody hills of Virginia, forming a framework to the picture. On descending from this giddy altitude, I ventured to offer a gratuity to my conductor, which he respectfully refused, with an explanation worthy of recording : ' I cannot take any money, sir, for doing my duty. I am a public officer, and paid by the public.' If there be a door or gallery keeper in either House of Parliament, who would in this way refuse a half-a-crown, let him by all means be named, for he must unquestionably be a pro digy ! The grounds around the building are prettily laid out with shady walks; and near the en- trance is a sparkling fountain with a drinking, cup, to appease the insatiate craving for water which seems a kind of disease among the Ame- ricans.In.the grounds on the east, is the cele- brated statue of Washington by Greenough ; it is of. colossal size, in a sitting posture, and being executed in Parian marble the effect is striking, though the spectator is not inclined to admire the exploded fancy of representing a modern soldier as a half-naked Roman, There are several other figures connected with the Capitol, but none which appear to require notice. — W. Chambers. Hallucinations of Great Men. — Spinello, who had painted the Fall of the Angels, thought that he was haunted by the frightful devils which he had depicted. He was rendered so miserable by this hallucination, that he destroyed himself. One of our own artists, who was much engaged in painting caricatures , became haunted by the distorted faces he drew ; and the deep melancholy and terror which accompanied these apparitions, caused him to commit suicide. Muller, who executed the copper-plate of the Sixtine Madonna, had more lovely visions. Towards the close of his life, the Virgin appeared to him, and thanking him for the affection he had shewn towards her, invited him to follow her to heaven. To achieve this, the artist starved himself to death, Beethoven who became completely deaf in the decline of life, often heard his sublime compositions performed distinctly. It is related of Ben Jonson, that he spent the whole of one night in regarding his great toe, around which he saw Tartars, Turks, Romans, and Catholics climbing up, and strug- gling and fighting. Goethe, when out riding one day, was surprised to see an exact image of him self on horseback, dressed in a light- coloured coat, riding towards him. — Radcliffe's Fiends, Ghosts, and Sprites. A Growing Debt.— The grandest instance of a growing debt upon record is that of the King of Leon, mentioned by Mariana. Ferdinand Gonzalves had sold this prince a falcon upon credit. The interest was high, and it com- pounded itself in the course of a few years into a sum so enormous, that the king was forced to make over to Gonzalves his rights on the king- dom of Castile, to be quit of the liability. 