MISCELLANEOUS. The Kingdom of God.—Nothing merely ceremonial consttutes the kingdom of God. The ceremonies may he too many, or they may be too few -—they may be very brilliant, or they niayhevciy bald - they may please the senses, or gratify only the intellect; it is of no consequence. These tilings do not form a vital partol the kingdom of God. Nothing, in the next place that is merely ritual constitutes this kingdom. "It is not,'' says, the Apostle, ''meat nor drink.'' There may be rul ricks, or there may be none—you may fast, or you may feast—you may kneel at prayer, or you may stand—you may kneel at the communion table, or you may sit—the Minister j may wear a silk gown, or a surplice, or neither ; he may preach without notes, or he may preach with them ; these are matters of ceremony evanescent as the clouds ; the great truths beyond and beneath them, are like the stars, fixed and beautiful for ever. This kingdom is not described by any fixed and dearly specified ecclesiastical regime. The church may be governed by bishops, or it may be governed by presbjters; or it may be governed by the people it may be episcopal, presbyterial, or congregational ; it may be favoured by the State, or it may be free from it; it may be endowed by the state, or sup ported by the people ; it may be a very imperfect church, or the most perfect church of all—these are matters that may be of less or greater advantage to the kingdom, but they are not, of necessity, essential to the very existence of the kingdom, and if men only felt this more, they would labour less to reform the mere externals, and labour more to plant in the heart and impress oil the peop'e the vital and essential doctrines of the Gospel. The true way to get church perfect i* to try to have perf-ct men to com pose it. The parity of the government of a church will al>vays be in the direct ratio of the piety of the people that compose that church. If we prayed more and quarrelled less, and each in his sphere did the work that devolves upon him more heartily, there would be far greater success in promoting the gospel —in vindicating the honour of God—in winning! souls. Far preferable would this be to any efforts to improve the outworks, or to alter its constitut'on, or to change its robes, its rites and its ceremonies. Never forget thstt the citadel of the church's strength is nut outward, but inward Christianity. Vi'al forces are in each individual heart; not in bishop, presbytery, of people. Thus then, no one outward government is specified as an essential part of the kingdom of Christ It is not "Lord, Lord,*' but being christian ; it is not creeds, or fasts, or incense or genuflexion ; it is not the voluntary system, nor the establishment; it is nat beads nor holy water,'it is not dipping nor sprinkling ; it is not kneeling or standing ; it is not Gerizim nor S:nai; 4 neither on this moun tain," nor on that ; " the kingdom of God is neither meat nor drink," nor ceremony, nor form, "but righteousr.es , peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost"— Dr. Cumming's Lectures on Daniel. Stdenham.—Crystal Palace Garden.— l'his garden, without be ng one of the largest, will be one of the most beautiful in the world. It is situated on the sides and crest of a hill, rising about 200 feet above the adjacent valley, with a terrace J 700 feet long, and 50 feit wide, mounted by three gigantic flights of granite step-, skirting the palace of glass, and appearing to be tliv base of that magnificent structure. The terrace garden, below the terrace itself, will be richly ornamented with parterres of flowers, basins, fountains, and statuary, and will be bounded by a noble balustrade, with numerous re f«>ses breaking the long line of wall that supports the terrace Fr..m this garden three other flights of gWpite steps conduct the visitor to a lower level, < 11 tjbe ouwk rts of which what may be termed the pic turesque part of the garden, commences. This second Jlpye! is in the foim of a half ellipse, richly decornted v'h h fiovv r beds, on the borders of graceful wa'kv •vlrrh wind throm h it in various direc ions, lint con ve>tre at three bat ins 300 ter-t apart, the central one which intercepts the Ion? nmin wiik, being 200 fee! ■n diameter, and the laterals, which are nearer the palace. 100 feet each. This centre basin is stir rounded bv a wa'k 50 feet, wide, enclosed by a low parapet wall and balustrades, with numerous reees ■:es a copied by ''.roups .of s'atuarv. Like all the oilier basins, it is to be alive with fountains and j ts. Round the central basin, on the grass, below the wa I which hounds it. are to lie again disposed bed1 of (loweis, formin? a brilliant frame to the turf slope on which the main walk and its adjuncts are elevated Hie length of this half ellipse is about 20n0 feet, and its depth rather more thrn 000 feet. It is shut in on its curve I sale by a low broken ridge covered by oi-n mental trees In this part of the grounds all the skill of the landscape gaid<'nei has been e.xeited to combine insensibly the most arl-licial and claborate'v-Ornamen eil ground vhieh it is possible to conceive with tin pietniesijue irregular'ties of the park, and the r. v.«h inequalities of mere woodland scenery. Among-dells and hollows gradual elevations sprinkled with trees, and thickets in which deer might h„ie, fragments of forest ground ind irregulai sheets of water, are united, in tin most telicito„s manner, hard geometricil outlines, orna "tivht-il 1 asilis, gushing fountains sparkling jets, sclpture, statuary, and all that belongs to the most formal architectural design. Among the decorations •>f the grounds will lie two water temples, formed of ■lass and iron, each 70 feet high, planted with creep ing plants, and sending forth perpetual cascades, wh-ch, in their descent from two magnificent ws't fitl's, acting in their turn as feeding to a beautiful lake, 1,000 feet long, and 400 feet broad, dotted ••v-th miniature islands, and screen d from the north by a steep, rou h, c!ose!y-woo led bank. On the dlores and H;tnds of this lake are to be dispersep models of tlie extinct and singular monsters of the vea'dt-n and neighbouring periods. Huge Chelonions are to bask upon the banks ; the Plesiostnr, with its reptile form ar.d bird-like neck, is to repose in the mud ; the Megaiosaur, the most gigantic of bzards, is to raer its portent'us form among the rushes, and the encrmons Ignuiodon half elephant half crocodile, measuring- 100 feet from his snout to bis tail is to exliibic himself as the true prototype of the dragons of antiquity. The wlm'e of this gorgeous spectacle will be visible from the galleries of the palace, oi Irom a vast verandah, decorated with the choicest climbing p'ants, winch will extend for Rt'OO feer along the south face of the building. So that be the weather what it may. the beauties of the garden can be always wi'n ss^d in comfort. The water.works within the grounds will be three times more extensive than those at Versailles, hitherto the lasge-t, of an ornamental kind, in Europe. Tub Ojuginat. Bi.ooMsr.s —Women are still em ployed at the pi.'s nrmih in collieries in Lancastnrc .is '■ banksmen and cer-ninly their appearance, and a largo pottion of their dress, justify that mns euline title. They wear xvido flannel trousers, ft flannel waistcoat, nnd penj-ickct; a bonnet and pet ticoat tacked up behind fairly indicate their sex, which, v. hen parliament prohibited their working in the mines, they still further disguised for a time by cutting off their hair. An attentive examination of this mixed costume proves that bloomeiism i not of native American growth, lint was hot-rowed, hke the reaping-machine, from this country, and reproduced there as new. The ''banksmen'' of the Lancashire coalpits must he the original bloomers. • Tost Office Yaun.—A letter was put Into the box, the appearance of which denoted that the writer was unaccustomed to the use of stamps, nnd had failed to make ore s'iok at all." He had tried, and vainly tried ; hut. the inveterate portrait of her Majesty would curl up. At last, in despair, he pinned it to the envelope, and wrote, under it— ']-ciid; provided the pin doesn' came out." The Panama R ailofap.—It is stated in the report of the Directors ami Chief Engineer for 1R53, that the railroad can he completed from ocean to ocean hv the 1st of Augas-r, ;r. an additional ex pense of 1,426,800 .dollars. Reckifts foii the jVTu.r.i'-'N.—The following, which we extract from a late Tivie-\ is worthy of atteniion in this colony, where garden vegetables are so dear as to induce the extremely injurious system of feeding- children of tender years on animal food. " Women in this country," says the Times, nod wo hop> that, it will lie understood that it is the great Thunderer, tmt we, who gives ex pression to such ft sentiment—" women i:i this c- untry arc too idle or too stupid, to conk anything which require trembles, otherwise there arc many things entirely wasted which would m ike a whole some meal •"— Savoury Rice.—Rut 1 lb of lice into 3 quarts of boiling water, let it simmer for 20 rjinutes, then skim the water, aud add 1 <. z of logs' lard, and. a little s ilt and allspice ; lef. it simmer gently over the fire close.lv covered, for an hour and. a-qnerter. when it will he fit for use. It v.-ii! pr duca r.ther j more than o lb. of savory rice, which if purchased i at a modes ate price, will not cost quite --hi a- I poumb I Baked Rice Pudding.— Put. ^ lb of rice into 3 < quarts of skim milk, nnd add 2 or. of treacle, or a I htt'e pepper and salt, ami hake it. It will make nearly 4 lb of pudding, arid will cost about Ida pound. If 1-bst In iia rice is used, it should be picviously sciikcd for a few hours in water. lloi'cd Rice Pudding.—Boil 1 lb of rice in a pudding-bug, so loos.? as to be capable of holding iive times the quantity. It will produce 5 lb of solid pudding, and may be eaten with treacle. I' will cost about 1 u-nound. Mftccaroni Rice. —I'ut 1 lb of rice in 5 pints of cold water, and ho 1 it gently for two hours, by winch time it will be of the consistence of thick paste ; then add 2 pints of skim milk, and 2 cz. of strong Cheshire-cheese grated pretty fine ; add a little pepper and rait, and boil the whole very gently for another hour. It will produce 9 lb of maccaroni rice, and will cost not quite ^d a-pouud. Rico nnd Barley Porridge.—Rut 1 lb of rice and 1 lb of Scotch barley into 2 gallons of water, and boil them very gently for four hours over a slo.v fire ; '.lien add 4 07, of treacle and 1 oz. of salt, and lot the whole simmer for half-an-hour more It will produce 16 lb in weight, ai.d will cost rather more than ^d -pound. Sweet Rice.—Put 1 lb of lice in 5 pints of cold water, and boil it gcmtlv for two hour--, by which time it will he of the consistency of thick paste; then add 2 pints of skim milk and 4 ozs. of treacle, ami boil the whole very gently for another hour. It will produce 9 lbs of sweet pudding, and will cost ratlier more th in id per lb. Where no milk is to be had, the firs!, third, and fifth recipes are recommended; where there is plenty of milk the second reeine is recommended ; and where there is Utile skim miik to be obtained the cottager is recommended to try the fourth and sixth By means of these recipes those of the poorer classes who earn but, a few shillings a week arc able to be furnished daily with a cheap, good, and wlioleBomo meal Economy in Food.— I lb of who'e rice boiled in five quarts cf water, thickened with 1 lh of oat meal, will make 8i l'.s of good food. Put the rice down first with 1 quart of water, and add the remaining 4 quarts of water as the rice swells ; then put in tne oatmeal, stirring all;—cost 6d. Add salt, or pepper, or sugar, to suit the tas e. If the rice is steeped for five or six hours it will be better. Rice Soup.—Take an ox heel (cost 9d), or the same amount of tripe, lean beef, or sheep's liver; put it on with four or five quarts of water, and stew it gently five hours ; let it stand till cold, takeoff the fat, and in this fat fry two or three onions ; put these to the stock made by the cow hec-1. add 2 lbs of lice, and boil lor an hour and a half slowly ; then aud pepper and salt to taste, one quart of skim milk, and two spoonfuls of flour ; stir it into the soup by degrees, keep sti:rii>g for a few minutes, and then serve. Pea Soup with out Meat.—Take a pint of whole peas, let them soak all night; next day put them into three quarts of boiling water, let them boil till tender ; then smash them together so as to form a paste ; put them hack into the water along with a quantity of turnips and carrots, ail cut into dice, with some sliced onions ; let the soup simmer gently for two hours, then thickcu with oatmeal, and season with pepper and salt. 