AttCHDEACON COW?*!*, YF.STEIIMAY evening ti meeting was held in th ó St, Philip's Grammar School, for tho purpose of present- ing to the Venerable Archdeacon Cowptr a portrait of himself, which hnd bi en subscribed for by a number ot his parishioners and fiiendj. Tho portrait, which was exhibited in tho room, wos ¡ pa'ntert Ly Closton, and is decidedly the most Bucocsr. ful work, of art which has been executed in thia colony. Mr. C. KBMP having been called to the chnir, ex i pressed the groat plea ure it nff irdid him to assist in thc business of the evening, and he could only account ? for the honer which had been conferred upon him, from the circumstance of those who would naturnlfy take the lend on the occasion being contributors to the tes- timonial whtch they were about to present. For foity five years, n puiod exceeding the life time of roost of thofo present, had the rove-end gentleman ministered in thu palish and thosB who had banefitted by his ministry were anxious to show him a mark of their tospstt and cateom. Prayer was then iff;red by the Kif. R L. KING. ! Mr. JOHN CAMPBELL thon read1 the following address : - . To tho Venerable Archdeacon Cowper, Minister of St. l'hlttp's. Kev. and dear Slr,-Your parishioners (most of whom have so long engaged your pastoral caro) cannot but express their senso of tho t¿a\ and fidelity With which you haye performed'your arduous duties in this extensive parish for forty'nvo years-at first without i anv assistance, and latterly with only that of a Curate; who has been maintained principally nt your own expense. We cannot I but admits tho fearless manner In which yon have rebuked'sin, lu the rich as Well as thc poor, aud the truthfulness and' simplicity with which you have expounded th» great truths of tho' Oospcl, ns set forth In thu articles and formularies of tbe Church of England ; your unwearied attention to tho parish schools; and your gsucral stlf-denlal. As a slight token of our atfeotlbilito regard wo beg your acceptance sf this portrait, which wo tíustJwlll bo handed down to posterity, and bo preserved by your children In memory of your many vii tues.- That ycu may bp lnugFpnred tn discharge the sacred duties of your high ottlca li tho präsent prayer of, Vonertfiln Sir, Your attached Parishioners and Friends. (Hero the signatures.) Tho ARCHDEACON read the following i nsrix i My beloved parishioners and kind Christian friends ! With deeply felt gratitud» and sincere affection I accopt tl« benign and roipcetful adllrcsa; also UM admirably well executet painting which you have uow presented to me. Ton aro pleased to express your approval of my manner of life of my. eriingellaal sentiments, aud of my plain and fatthfu declarations of scriptural truth lxfmv the cougregntiot without respect to persons.- Thus have I M ved ami done from tin day on which I was ordained a minister of ChrW, with nil se- riousness, with love, and will» au anxious concern for thc splritua welfare of those committed' to my care;- P> have endeavoured ti iidhero inost conscientiously to the articles o? our beloved Church and to1 tho Holy Scriptures. And he assured it iiftimls mo vcrj great pleasure that any discourses which I harte delivered, or on; services-which I havo rendered,' should have met with you" approval. And now, os, according to ttfe ordinary ctrerie of events, m¡ time on earth cannot be long'f.being in my retjvn.'cav), I wouli willingly erv this occasion leavv with you a fleu^sentenccs ex prcssive of ray pastoral caro and regard for yourselves nm your dear children. 1 weald both nftctionnti-ly nm prayerfully commend you to God, and to tho word of hi grace, which' is able to build you up, aral'- tb- give yoi un Inhorltano* among all them who arc rtftmtlfled ' b tlu Holy Spirit, Itomembcr them who aro your spiritual guides and who^wntch'.fbr your souls, who- have spoken tvrtW' von th word of God ; '.rind their faith follow-considering thc tint of thel conversation-Jesus Christ, the samo< yesterday, and trMhiyram for ever. Let no man rob you of your faith in the Deity an atonement and intercession of thu Lord Jesus-,; co of your filth in the Deity and porson allty-the sanctifying and hcavenlrtl»g .power-of tHo Ho), Ghost. Bowaro lest any man spoil you-'through philosophy at» vain deceit after the-tradltlon of men, after tho rudlmenti* of tb world aud not after-Christ, for in bim dvrelleth all the fnlhess t thc Godhead, and ye are completo In hlutv Let no man begutW deceive, or seduce yon to worship angels or departed spirits'; bu worship Odd In sphtr/ and In truth; au* remember thnt'Jfciu Christ is tho only inodlutor between God nod' man. I pray tim ye may-always bavi a minister, who, by toe Ornoo of God's Ubi; Spirit, shall be doterSt+hed to know nothln^auwngyou save J4.iti Christ and him crucified, nnd that your falrVmay never stand'l tho wisdom of men but-In thc power of Oed. Forsake not'th assembling of yourselves together as ls tho manner of some. Iii dny will soon arrivff in1 which wo must everyone glvo an ai count of himself to pod. Ifow, therefore,.piously observe 'a things, whatsoever Chrlet has commanded ; tai teach your bi .loved children that by their baptism thoy were solemnly engnjo ;" nut to be ashamed of Christ crucified but to f!gl»t manfiilly undi his banner against sin, thu world, and thc devil, and to contini Christ's faltliful soldiers and servants unto their lives' omi." ? My dearly beloved, may the Lord ble«s you »od keop yoUjins She Lord make his face ro-ihlni upon you and< be gracious xml .ou, may the Lord lift sp hi» countenance upon'you and give yo lenee." j Mr JAMES SitnppAtirj'then moved a vote of thnnks t Mr«. Farmer, the originator of the testimonial; for he unwearied exertions-in successfully carrying out th bt'jeots and wishes of the tubscribers. j The llev. lt. L. Iiis«, in seconding dieresoluttnr pawed a high compliment on Mrs. Farmer for h< ssalmiB attention to every go:id work iii the paris! particularly alluding ta- the large amount« which sh ha« collected for the now church. The rev. gcntl« man aUo expressed hi's1 thankfulness for having oom raenoed the work of thansinistry undtr the-prosectio of bis venerable friend.;. On the motion of MrsM'RonEiiTS, seconded by M (Î. GAÎÏFBBLI,, it was resolved that evety subscribí should be furnished witt» an eti|=raved aopy-of xi périrait. the meeting was then drsm'iBïd with tho bencdii tient, niost fervtntly pronounced by tho Arah-deacon. 