MOBMONISM. From the Desoret Nam, December 8, 1 853 J President Young addressed tho mooting as follows : — I feel disposod to occupy a portion of time this morning. 1 have no doubt but tho people, who are saints, are much edihod bv the preaching and exhorta tions given from this stand. Were I to speak for tnysolf, I can truly say, I am glad, I rejoice, and feel exceedingly happy, when preaching \- myself, and when listening to preaching exhor tations, and prayer, ahd when associating with the saints 'in othor occupations and pursuits of life. Also in a family capacity, in our family prayer meetings, and in all the avocations of lifo that concerns myself as an individual, I am happy. Tho gospel of Jesus Christ, as it is given in tho Old and Now Testaments, Book of Mormon, and Book of Doctrine and Covenants, and in tho oxporietico of every true Christian who has lived and still lives upon tho earth, teaches that it is the privilego of every saint so to livo and walk boforo thoir God, as to enjoy tho light of tho spirit of truth from day to day, from week to wook, and from yoar to year, through their whole lives. Without this privilege in tho gospel, con nected with the mfts of the Holy Ghost, I should bo inclined to believo that tho religion that is taught in tho Biblo and in tho Book of Mormon, would amount to nothing more than a moro phantom— an imaginary thing. It would bo inadequate to satisfy, in any degree, tho mind of man as it is now organised. l ean appeal to the experience of thousands as woll as to my own, tiiattho doctrine of thcSaviour is true. That tho history given in tho Now Tes tament is a true history, as far as it goes, of tho footings and tho experionco common to every variety of human lifo, and chimes with the ox- .poricnco of every true boliovor in Jesus Christ in all ages of tho world. Though tho expression, ' true believer,' needs qualifying, for many be lievo who do not obey, I will qualify it by saving — a boliovor in Jesus Christ who manifests his faith to God, angels, and his brethren, by his obeditinco. Not but that tlioro are boliovcrs who do not obey, but tho only true boliovcrs aro they who prove their belief by thoir obedionco to tho 'requirements of tlio gospel. It is a special priv'ilogo and a blessing of tho holy gospel to every true believer to know tho truth for hiinsolf. For orators to speak to us, prophets to expound the law, anil teach us doc- trino, for tho special purposo of giving us com fort, is not particularly required ; but in tho reflections and meditations of tho mind in cou- tompli.iting the things of God and tho rich trea sures of infinite wisdom which aro opened to tho childron of men who obey the gospol, they enjoy a continual feast to tho soul. This is the priyiloge of Latter Day Saints; it is tho privilege of tho whole world, as quick as tho knowledge of God can bo disseminated among tho people. It is true, tho world groans in darkness. Tlioy are bound with thofottors of unbelief, error, and ignoranco, moro than wo arc, yet wo can say truly, that wo only begin to seo tho dawning of truth through tho deep mantle of ignoranco in which we aro mantled. To thoso who livo faith fully in their duty as saints to God, and continue to servo Him, time will dovclopo that tho Latter Day Saints— tho best of them — tho most intelli gent among thoin, aro still in ignorance, still wanting, still looking for something moro, still increasing, still growing; I say timo will dvelopo to. your satisfaction that at this stago of our existence wo aro in ignoranco, but not to tho sumo degrooas thoso who haYo not hud tho privi leges wo enjoy. It is frequently obsorvod— especially by tho Lattor Da/ Saints — what a curiosity it is, how singular that tho gospol of Josus Christ' should have tho effect upon tho minds of tho people that it does havo. It is remtirkablo ! It is strango ! ! Wlion pooploroflect upon it they are astonished 11 that tho gospol of salvation should so disturb the footings, tho quiot, tho poacoof tho community. Does it have this effect upon tho world?' Your own observation enables you to annvor in tho allirinativo. It is a true saying of tho Saviour's, that ho catno not into tho world to make pcaco, to unite the wliolo people, but to inako division. Ho camo for the express purpose of dividing tho righteous from tho wickeu. This formed as much a part of his holy ministry as any other part of tho will of IJis Fathor. Wo seo this principlo verified from days of old. It has boon demonstrated in tho very com mencement of tho peopling of tho earth. How soon an opposition was introduced in tho morn ing of creation, whou righteousness was pro- eluiirjod, when truth was : reveal oil, when the light and knowlcdgo-of otoruity shone with lus trous bounty upon Adam apd his children — Cain must riso up and slay his brother. Whilo they wore walking with tho Lord, while ho visited thorn from day to day, admin istored to them, conversed with them, preached to them, and gave them instruction, as I and my brethren instruct you from this stand. Ho taught thorn how to livo, how to order their course, and acted in all points like a tender and affectionato parent ; yet at tho samo timo there must bo an .opposition. It is very truo, had not sin entered into tho world — opposition been introduced, death would not have entered. From that time to this, dentil, opposition, selfishness, malice, anger, pride, darkness, and wickedness of overy description that could bo in von tod by tho childron of men, as tlioy havo multiplied and spread abroad on tho earth, has incrousod. Yos, verily, it hasin- .croasod. And tho days that wo, us Christians, call the days of darkness and ignoranco, woro days of light, ktiowlodgo, and intolligonco, to oxceed that wo onjoy in this ago. Wo discover that tho gospel of lifennd salvation ,is porfootly calculated to disturb tho wicked. Shall wo say the/ are at poaco? Aro they in happiness? Aro they enjoying that, that their hearts desire? Wo can truly say they aro seeking for it as well as tlioy know how, but tho result is, tho increase of wickedness upon the earth, and the increased unhappinoss of tho human family. Mankind, iudeod, cannot be happy'' unless they aro first misorablo, tlioy can not bo easy, they cannot be at .rest and feel comfortablo until they aro first in pain ; they cannot be joyful unless they arc first in sorrow. Refor, for instanco, to your own dispositions, to tho fallen nature that is in you. Whoti pas sion arises within you, can you satisfy yonrfcol- ings unless you givo way to them to tho injury of yourselves and others? You cannot sit down and feel at rest unless yon can satiate tho burn ing vengeance of passion, by reeking your ven- geanco upon sopio person, or upon sonio hclploss animal. The gospol of salvation is perfectly calculated to cause division. It strikes at tho root of tho very existence of mankind in their wickedness, evil designs, passions, and wicked calculations. There is no ovil among tho human family, but at the foundation at wliich it strikes effectually, and comes in contact with overy ovil passion that rises in tho heart of man. It is opposed to every evil practice of men, and consequently it disturbs them in the wicked courses they aro pursuing. Wlion tho gospel, which was preached by Jesus and His Apostles was preached to the cjiildrcn of Israel by Moses, it created tho samo effect among them. "When ho taught them to forsake their siiis, to forsake every evil principle and practice of their livos, and turn to tho Lord with all their hearts, it created such a division that Moses could not'establish tho gospel among thorn, after all the kindnoss tho Lord had .shown towards them ; though lie brought them out of Egypt with a highland, dividing tho sea, causing tho water to gush out of the dry rock to quench their thirst, manna to fall from heaven to satisfy tiicir hunger, and quails to satisfy their desire for flesh. Ho also ordained that their clothing should not wax old. nor their shoes to wear out for the spaco of forty years. Tlioy did not havo to plough, to reap, or gather into barns as wo do ; notwith standing this manifestation of tho goodness of their Ood, ho could not establish the gospel among tlicin, and was obliged to givo them a law of carnal commandments. Why did not the Lord destroy them, scoing they wore so very wickod ? He did ; and out of all who left Egypt, only two went into tho laud of Canaan, viz., Joshua and Caleb. Whenever tho gospel has been preached in towns, cities, country places, or in any com munity who aro in darkness, it never tails to bring light ; it manifests their ignoranco ; it dis tracts tliutii, and annoys their peace. Thoy say, ' I supposed I was wise, happy, comfortable, and well enough off) but here coiues something . that informs mo I am mistaken, that this and tho othor thing is wrong. It reflects light upon my under standing, and teaches me that my acts whilo I live upon the earth should tend to tho glory of God and tho pcaco of mankind. This naturally scorns contrary to my feelings, disposition, passions, and traditions, and to everything about me, except the reflections of truth upon my mind, which cnlightous my understanding, and teaches me to glorify God, and do good to my fellow- creatures.' The gospel is not only calculated to divide the people, but it will divide sin from thoso whoem- braco it with a truo heart. In tho world wo find goodness, honesty, hnmilty, and prudence, which are prompted by the 'motives of a good heart. But virtuo is trampled into tho dust — honesty and prudence aro pointed at with a finger of scorn and derision ! Wo seo iilmost every prin ciplo of righteousness discarded. If the whole world is not in this condition already, it needs but a few steps more to load them into tho depths of it, and comploto thorn in their rebellion against all good and its Author. It is tho darkness upon the earth, and thogroBs darkness that broods over tho minds of tho peo ple, that leads them into error, wickedness, and distraction, yet in , tho midst of this ignoranco and awful corruption of tho human mind, there is to bo found humility, goodness and virtue. But what use is mado of it? It is destroyed, it 'is used according to tho wishes of tho wicked, and according to the designs of tho ovil dosigtior. This is almost universally the case. Tho gospol is calculated to divido this wicked ness from thoso who embrace it, and thon it will divido thoso whoombraco it from thoso who reject it. Christ and Belial cannot bo mado friends, neither can tho Church of Christ and the worshippers of Belial unite together. They cannot amalgamate. Consequently, thoso who receive tho gospel with all tlrcir hearts, after b' lioving the testimony of God's servants, will u.- vido themselves from thoso who do not rccoivo it. In this gospel lifo and salvation is offered to' every honest soul ; in tho world thoy find tri bulation, but in Jesus Christ poaco. Iii obeying tho gospel is comfort, but in tho glory of tho world, sadness and sorrow. II' tho inquiry should ariso in our mind, why it is that wo aro in the position wo this morning occupy, it is very easily answered, and under stood by overy person who understands tho na- turo of tho gospol of Christ. It is bocauso it is impossiblo to uuito Christ and Bolial— to unito riglitoonsiioss with unrighteousness for they never can go hand in hand, itightoousnoss cannot bo- cotno unrighteousness ; and wickedness nuvor can inherit a rightoous kingdom. Tho ancient saints and tho saints of latter dirys wore driven from pillar to post, their name a his3 and a byoword,and thoir character traduced to the lowest dogroo. I will appeal to mon in this congregation who havo lived for years in tho socioty of tho world, who aro judgos, magistrates, sheriffs, morel units, mechanics, and farmors, if anything was over alleged against thoir charac ter until tlioy joined tho Latter Day Saints. But whero aro your characters now in tho world ? Your formor friends now havo found out that you always wore a miserable creature, thoy now de clare thoy never had any confidence in you, for J rou always woro an enthusiastic boing, and mow not what you were doing. Tlioy always believed that you would.'provo yourself dishonest, &c.; This has been tho character given to the saints by tho world in all agos. Suppose wo now notice that part of tho world called Christians, that profess to believe thopid and New Testament, King James's translation. Thoy say they believo this Biblo, yet if you are in France, Germany, England, in the Unitod Stalos, in the Canadas, in the islands of tho sea, or no matter whore among tho Christian nations, the moment you make it known that you have embraced tho Book of Mormon, and that you boliovo Josoph Smith is a prophet, thoy will at once accuso you of throwing away tho Biblo. Tlioy will publish abroad that you have become a " Latter Day Saint," " a Mormon," and con sequently have dcuiod tho Biblo you lormorly bolieved, and havo cast it entirely asvay. What is tlio reason of this? — (which I need not under take to substantiate, for it is a fact that almost every person knows.) Now wo are believers iu tho Bible, and in conseq nonce of our unshaken faith in its precepts, doctrines, and prophecy, may be attributed " tho strangonesss "of our course," and "tho unwarrantable conduct of many towards this peoplo. Come, my brother Prosbytorian, come, my brother professors of evory persuasion of long standing, and popular distinction in tho world, who aro dabbed with tlio word " Orthodox ;" como, wo aro all good Christians ; I find no fault with you — why should you find fault with mo? But you reply, " I cannot bo a Latter Day Saint" consequently wo must bo separated, and wo can not bo brothron any longer, Gome, my good brother Methodist, and my good brother Baptists, you are freo and open in your viows and i'eelings,Jfor you hold forth a free salvation. This is a favourite doctrmo ot tho Mothodisth. They say it is a salvation handed out to all tho human family without money and without price and invito them to como and pnr- tako of tho waters of lifo freely. 1 declare tho samo. I am a believer in .Jesus Christ, in God tlio Father, and in tho doctrines of salvatiou as tlioy aro taught in tho Old and New Testaments, though not so pointedly in tho Old as in tho New. Yet the same principles of lifo and sal vation aro sot forth in both of these Books, and 1 believe them. , Come, my brother B. do yon boliovd them? your reply, " Yes, and have for theso 30 years, 27 of which 1 have been a preacher of the Gos pol. I believo in the Son of God, anil in the Old and Now Testament." Well, then, what in the world do you want to quarrel with mo for ? " Because you are not a believer ; you havo thrown away tho Bible." You are mistaken, Mr. B. ; for instead of that, I havo lcarnod wis dom, got light, knowledge, and understanding, so that I know how to believe the Biblo. I aslc you, brother B., how I must boliovo the Biblo, and how shall you and every other follower of the Lord Josus Christ boliovo it ? "Brother Mormon, how do you believe it ?" I beliovo it just ns it is. I do notbcMovo in putting any man's interpretation upon it whatovor, iinloss it should bo directed1 by tho Lord himself in sonio way. I do not beliovo wo need intop.ietors and expounders of tho Scriptures to wrest them from thoir literal, plain, simple meaning. Lot us take up a point of Scripturo, and wo will try to agroo with Mr, B. anil tako him along with us a few moments, and find put whero wo disagree. , Wo rend in tho Bible many things pertaining to lifo and salvation. Wo first begin to read that Jesus .'camo iu tho flesh. Now to touch thnt point, which I do not purpose to do. but slightly this morning, T am suro wo shall disagreo at tho commencement, But suppose I oxamiuo thnt a moment. The Now Testament tolls mo that tho Father gnvo his only begotten Son a ransom for tho . sins of tho world. Do you believe that, brother B. ? Do you boliovo that Jesus Christ is tho only begotten Son of tho Fathor? « Yes.' Do you beliovo tho Son was begotten by tho Fathor, as tho Apostles said ho was ? Hero' I shall havo to disagree with you to begin with ; for I bolievo tho Father came down from Heaven, as tho Apostles said ho did, and begat tho Saviour of tho world ; for he is tho oni.y begotten of tho Father, which could not be if tho Fathor did not actually beget him in person.' ' I cannot boliove that, for ho is a God without body, parts, or passions, lie has no person,, therefore I must disagreo with you bro ther Mormon.' I beliovo tho Father came down in his tabernacle and begat Jesus Christ. Mr. B. believes ho has no tabernacle. I boliovo ho has a tabernacle, and begat Josus Christ in his ex press image and likeness, because tho Biblo ex pressly declares it. You ilisbelicvo it because your priest and your mother havo taught you it is uot so. When your mothers first road this scripture, it was so plain to thoir understandings and to their children that they understood it as an angol would, but deacon Jones must bo called iu to explain, and ho explained it away. So I disagree with you, Mr. 11., in the first point wo havo noticed, for you believo that God is without body and parts, while tho Biblo declares ho has a corporeal body. That in his likeness precisely lie created Adam. The priests of this ago declare it is not so. Tho God Mr. B. behoves in, is with out body, parts, and passions. The God that his brother "Mormon believes iu, is described in tho Biblo as boing a personage of tabernacle, having eyes to see, 'tor lie that made tho oye shall lie not see?' Having cars to hear, 'for his cars aro oi)en to hear the prayers of the righteous.' He has limbs that ho can walk, fortho Lord God walkod in tho garden in the cool of tho day. He conversed with his childron, as iu tho cuso of Moses at the fiery bush, and with Abraham on tho plains of Mamrc ; ho also ate and drank with Abraham, and others. That is tho God tho Mormons boliovo in, but their very religious Christian brethren do not believo in tho God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, which is tho God the Biblo sots forth, as an organized corporeal boing. In this one point you can now clearly seo whorcin we disagree. You say I havo thrown away the New Testa ment. I say J have uot. You say I have sacri ficed it for tiio Book of Mormon. I say I have not. I havo acknowledged tlio Biblo from tho timo I could bo taught by my parents to rovoro it. They taught mo that it was tho sacred word of God. And as far as it could bo translated correctly from tho Ilobrow and Greek languages it is given to us as pare as it possibly could bo given. Tho Biblo is mino, and I am not pre pared to havo you rob me of it without my con sent. The doctrine in it is mine, which I firmly bolievo. I believe the Fathor bogat tho Son, and gave him to bo a propitiation for tho sins of tho world. I beliovo ho died for tho redemption of man, and rose again tho t lird day. Do you bulievc in the death and resurrection of Christ, for tho elevation of man, 'Mr, B. ? ' Yes.' Again, I boliovo ho endowed tlio Apostles to go and preach thogcspcl of life and salvation to the world. For, said Jesus Christ, 'Ye aro my witnesses ; go and proaeh my resurrection from tho dead Toll tlio poople tho Fathor gavo mo for thoir sins ; that in Adam all die, but in mo all shall again bo mado alivo. If thoy ask you what thoy shall do to bo saved, tell thom what I havo told evory other person who has been saved, that thoy can only bo saved in acts of obedionco to prove thoy beliovo in 1110, in tho Fathor, in hoavon, in aiigols, and in you, that you aro my servants and truo bolievors in 1110. Tell them to go into tho waters of buptism, and bo baptized for the remission of sins. That is tho first ordi nance to bo attemlod, to after believing. After they havo manifested their faith in God the Fathor, in me, and in your words by their repen tance, then iuuncrso them in .wator in imitation of my burial, and raiso -thorn up again out of tho water, in imitation of my resurrection.' Oh,' says brother B., ' I believo in baptism/ but still I beliovo a person can bo saved purely by tho blood of Jesus without the first drop of water.' But Jesus told thom to go into all tho world, and preach tho gospel to evory creature; ho that bolioveth and is baptised shall bo saved, and I10 that beliovoth not shall bo damned. 'And do you believo it is absolutoly necessary to bo baptised iu order to bo savod ? I cannot believe that.' This is another point wherein you and I diffor, Mr. B. You canuot say with a good grace, you boliovo the Biblo, while in your works you deny it. I not only say I boliove, but prove by my works. 1 go and submit to bo baptised for tho remission of sins, as I am commanded. But brother Mormon, do you really suppose that water will wash away your sins? . I will toll you what 1 supposo. IsupposoTiiE Lord said it would, and further, it is 110110 of my business. Baptism has boon instituted for tho remission of sins. 1 theroforo do it to tako away my sins ; if tlioro is any guilt in this,' it rests upon tho author of it, and not upon mo. Paul was told to bo baptised to wash away ms sins. . To be continued in our next.) 