AMMUCA!» Si.Avnnv.-A publia mooting wag bold nt Gideon Clinpol, lN'owfuundliiud-stroot, Uria, toi, August 10, for tbopurposoof ho.iriug from Ibo Hov. S. lt. Ward, a minister of colour from To- ronto, Canada, some nooount of A morion ti SI» very. Tho oliair was takou by \V. D, Wills, Ksq., and tlioro wa« n vary crowded nttotidaiico. Û'Iiero woro upon tho platform tho Ito vs. ,1. Hill, of Ciiiplinm ; W. 'l'Iiorn, of H'itiolioster ¡ John llur dor, ¿M.A. ¡ .1. S. l'curanll ¡ T. Crisp ; and W. lioso. After singing and prnyor, tho Kev. air. Ward pro- ceeded to describo tho prosent nspcot of tho Muvo question in tho United tjt.ites. Aftor roferring to tho motives willoh led tho pcopto of England to agitato on tlio subject, tltoy having lliomselves sinned nnd boon brought to ro|>oiitniiuo, ho wont on to obsorro, that there woro nt present iii tho world-besides thoso hold in n stine of half Sin very or serfdom, ns tho Ol),000,0 JO of lfussiu, nnd bosnios thoso, too, who woro lu tim bondngo ol' roligious superstition-no loss than 8,000,000 of absoluto Slaves, Thora wera soiuo thinir ulm ¡i.non non in tim II^,,,IIM «bout 1,500,000 in other countries, stinjoot tc diflbront powers, nnd ¡1,000, OOO in Ainerloa. II( WAS bound lu truth to' s tn to, tlint tho very worsi fonturos of Slnvory woro to bo found in " freo rc. publiomi Amorlou 1" Tito meliorating olroum< stnnoos oxperioncod in some othor oouiitrios won now fiore to bo mot with in tho United Stutos, Hy tlio Slnvo Codo of Amerton, ii Slnvu, mndo in tho imngo ef God, rodectued by tho blood ol Christ, quickened by tho Holy Ghost, nnd nimio heir of too kingdom of I lon von, wns doolnrod to bo n chattel, personal to nil intouts mid purposes, mid might bo sold liko nn ox or un nss in Qlouucstcrahlro, (.and mitdo suujoot to all tho accidents mid incidents of property, just tho saino ns If ho woro «dog, a hog, ara aow, (ahumo.) Tho Amorionn Shivo Codo trmunlod in tho dust nil moral relationship nnd social tlus, nnd uououblnngo, inoost, nnd ndultory, woro oven venl.il oll'oucos under it. What was tho aonso quonuo ? Not only woro tho Slaves brutnlisod mid dogrndod, but sooloty which could hour any con- nection with such n system was uindo rottuu to tho coro. (Choors.) Tho Slnvo Codo dollied to tho Slnvo nil right of oonsolonco. Hu was not nliowcd to " sonroli tho Scripture." In nine of thu Shivo States thoro woro penni onnctinonts ngninst rend- ing mid lu tho other six tho muster could ns much control tho movements of his slaves as he could those of his horse or his dog, Tho Slave owners found, that learning and Intelligence stood in tho way of perpetuating Slavery, and so they tried to blot out tho mind of tho Slave. (Shunto.) Tho Slave was kept in tho dark with regard to tho i Scriptures, and yet one sixth of the Slave popu latlon was held by religious professors. Tho Quakers held no Slaves. (Uiioora.) They had purified themselves from tho pollution, but they stood and lived among tho Slave States, proving that Slavery could be done without. The Baptists had no connection with Slavery, tho Scotch Presbyterians- at all events, tho seceders, and tho Cameronians, and tho smaller sects of that church-would not touch tho un clean thing with tongs ; and then there were threo or four other bodies, who had come out from other churches upon tho Slave question ,' but still one-sixth of tho slaves were held by religious professors, and Slavery was supported by tho religious churches, not only of tho south, but of tho north. Now, what was tho hope that tho churches of America would set themselves in battle array against Slavery ? He said nothing about polillos ¡ hut ho had no moro hope that tho religious professors iii tlio United States, ns ii hotly, ns n tnnjoHty, oven ns n io. spootublo minority, or as ono lu a thousand, would set their faces against Slavery than he had twenty years ago. Tho lecturer then went on to show tho degraded state In which tho Slaves were kept, in ninny Instances, even hy their own fulhers, and the ignorance) and heathenism which pre- vailed among timm ¡ they woro chattel! by law. and heathens in fact, and tn tlio namo of universal humanity tho pooplo of England had a riebt to protest agniust a system which so dogradod mau. Ho thon doscribod tho tyrannical nature »nd iniquitous working of tho Fugitive Slnvo- law, and narrated an occasion upon which a poor nogro, who had been caught and londod with chains in tho Btato of New York, ap po» lcd so ournestly to tho pooplo in tlio namo of Christianity nnd tho declaration of rights, that ho nnd others, unable to rosist tho nppoai, pullod down tho lock-up in which ho waa confinod, and pormittod his escapo to Canada. (Chcors.) Pre- sident Kill m oro ordered that they should bo prosocutod for high troason, and they not seeing how it could servo either tho poor sluvo or them- selves to lot President Fillmoro hang thom, just stopped across clio bordor to tho froo British soil, and saved him all tho trouble Air. Ward then gava a cheering account of tho condition of tho cBonpod slaves in Cnnndn, mid referred to circum- stances in Amoricnn government to show that tlioro wns no hope of emancipation from that country. Tlioro was ono respect, ho was sorry to say, m which tlio British people gnvo nn encouragement to slavery. A black man might bo born in Bristol, and possess nnd exercice ali tho rights of nsubjoot.'; but should ho go in a Bristol ship, nnd laud at Snvannnh, in Ocorgin, or nt Charlestown, in South Carolina, ns Boon ns tlio vessel oommonced quarantine tho olliccrs, so called, of law and of justice, would como and tako bim out, put him in a felon's gaol, keep bim at six cents a day, ned oliurgo him twenty cunts for it, mid thon wlion his ship sailed, if Iiis captain did not tn lc o bim off, nnd pay nil tho exponaos, notwithstanding that ho was n freeborn British subject, soil him into [ Slavery. (Shaine) Tho Abolitionists had docu- ments to provo that from .IS to US British subjects wero in this way enslaved ovory year. Ho bim-' solf know tito enso of a froo man of colour vf ho bad lived in Lancashire, not far from Liverpool. Ho married a liaucashiro lass, whoso fa thor loft bim a small farm, but not having suilloiunt moans to stock it, ho rosolvod that bo would gotosos for a few voyages, bo vory provident of lils earning* and thus raise a fund. Ko bad ¡almost completed bis voyages when ho went to Savannah ; tho olliccra of law took him off, loaded him. with chaim, mid imprisoned him. Tlio vossol, was long dotaincd, mid his bill for koop beoamo largor than tho captain could pay, mid bo was put upon tho nuotlon block mid sold into' slavery. Ho now sorvod os a slnvo in Georgia, and his wlfo and family woro in Lnuoasliiro. Kow bis (Mr. Ward's) oliurgo against Ibo British wa» tl.ut thoy pennittod thia iniquity without raising n solemn protest against it. Ho did not think that any war would bo hooded. Thoy bought tho Yankees' cotton nnd tho Ynnkcos liked tholr gold, mid if they would only giro thom to undorstnnd tlint thoy would not trade with a pconlo who kid- napped their sailors, tho thing would bo at un end (Choors.) Aftor referring to tho vast moral in- ti uenoo of England, ns especially instanced in tho recoilt manumission of his slaves by tho Hoy of Tunis, air. Ward again urged that tlio best way of acting upon Amoriua was by restricting our donlings with hor. At prosont tlio Ynnkcos said, " Tho Britishers preach to us, but they onoourago our markets." Kow what ought to bo dono was to misc cotton, tobacco, and rico in our colonlos, and beat tho Ynnkcos out of tlio markot. Tho experimont was nbout to bo triod, and before tho proscrit timo next your lio should bo earnestly engaged in bringing colonial nnd freo labour pro duou to tlio English market. (Choors.j lio bad engaged »nd tent out a person wolt versed in tbo knowledge of tropical plants, to mnlto tile propnrn lion. A distinguished and piiilantbrophio noble- man bud prosonted n largo tract of Imidin i Jamaica for tho experiment, othor norsona bad given bim various cncourngomcnts~(oliccrs)-and tho only thing needed, money, ho should got. Tlio experiment would bo tried with froo nogroos, and ho would bring homo tlio replication cithor of fuiluro or success, Aftor defending tho oharnotor of tho Wost Indian negroes from tho ohargos of indolcnoo and extortion urged against them, and enlarging on various points, Air. Ward concluded Iiis interesting Icuttiro by urging tho Drltisli publio not to seo their fellow-suhjoots onslnvod, excopt in tlio faco of mi earnest protost : to do nil in their power to promote tlio moral clovatlon of tho negro rnoe, mid to encourage tho oxporimout »bout tobo tried by admitting to this country froo of duty tho tropical products of froo labour in llritisu Colonies. ( Clicors. ) ! How TUB ENQMBII ARE INFLUENCED.-For such an energetic and business like population as tho British, it is singular that they should bo so much lufluenocd by artiticitilisma. In politics ! thoy aro either swayed by prejudice or habit, ot deliberately shut their eyes ta tho most serious considerations. They will skim over tho surface of vital condition, but go frantic upon questions of form. Tho doolamatiou of a platform orator interests them moro thau tho deliberately Btudiod troatisos of the pruotlaul philosopher. A popular name fools them to tho top of their bont. Bes* poratoly hugging present circumstances, thoy itavo no soul for ulterior consequences. They rol'uso to raoogniso anything but what has a frc&'iit Intercut or is of immediate importance ti short, they betray not only a lamoutable in- difference to tho material mid moral futuro, but being guided by appearances, just take that cure of thu present which their necessities or passions ol' tho moment suggest. They scorn io lmvo no sound prudential forethought for themselves-no wisdom which would prompt them to anticipate and próvido for occurrences which, lu tho natural order of things, when uogleotvd, provo to bo casualties. _ lu faut, trillos engage tou much of tho attention. 'I hoy will I Boampcr after royalty Uko a parcel of savages como to RUM upon an adventurous Captain Cook nuil Iii» crew. Ulvotiiom n »ow ornum, mu ina Kier tho bettor, ea that it seize s upon suma pass- ing pcauliirity, and thoy will prizu it with tho gusto with UL ¡oh a Burgoon would upproaah a uaw ntiutoinioul tuljuct, A now Bong becomes tho raga ina woek, and ns for uuovol teeming willi exaggerations, monstrous iucoi.gi uitlcs and brutiilitio<-tho uluru murder tho keener relish why it is do vom eil, mid thc wotted appetite lungs for somotbiiig moro inhuman and disgusting. Wo presuma that thia supoifioial quality id to tie attributed to tho headlong spoeu ut which tho ago travels. Louis. N.U'OMios'a STAHU.S.-Tho cavntry horses ol' Um french uro mostly bred in Normandy, except thu hornos ol' thu light cavalry, which como from Turbos, noni- tho Tironeos, und tvliiuli havo a mixture of Arab blood. With immy excellent qualities of endurance, tho horses of tho Trench cavalry uro capable of great improvement in point of blood und bono, mid Napoleon's attention is un- ceasingly directed to this object. Largo ptirehusos ol' Hue-fish hordes uro frumiciitlv mudo bv his ngunts¡" and, seeing tlio prices which uro given lur good steeds, and tlio rivalry which exists between tlio buyers fur tlio i'Vciiuli ami denium govern- ments to soe uro tim best nnimals, sumo astonish- ment is expressed that English limners do not moro generally avail themselves of tho facilities tlioy possess, fur rearing iirst-ruto horses for so certain mid so goud a market, Besides tho liaras of tho Emperor, hu luis n stud iinil breeding esta- blishment ut St. Cloud, ut willoh cults of un extra- ordinary value uro mured, from n mixturo of Eng- lish nilli Arab blood. Thu Imperial stables nt. I (OH - logue, which uro in uluao proximity tu tim Hotel Brighton, tho Umporor'it residence, um un extern imo construction of wood, orootvd in ill'tcon iliiys, nit extremely convenient und well arranged, cover- ing nearly un aero mid w hull' of groiuul. They contain Uti English stuldlu horses fur thu usu of tito Emperor, his suite, mid visitors ; ill) ourringo hursus fur thu Emperor's etiliiclius, chur-a-biiiici, und ulliur vohlulu.1, mid 'JU post _ burnes. Thu Emperor's chargers, loner ved tur his exo'uslvo uso ul roviuwi mid in tim Held, uro six in iiumbor. Thuy um all English, its arv, indeed, thu grenier part of tho muidlo mid ourringo hui ses, muí us their funner iiuitie.i tiru retained, nrnl every stall luis thu hurnu's iiutiio jiainteil over thu iiniiuul'H head, tho Englisli visitor might furgut that ho WHS in a foreign country, mid iiimgiuu that ho ivus walking through thu si ubi ea ol'iminu English nobleman. Tho Eiuiiuror's liivo rite slued ls ii dark clii'snut horse culled l'hillips, al'tur Air. I'hlllipH, of Knightsbridge, nf whom tho Emperor piiruhnsud him. Hu ls it nublo mid spirited anima), mid ls usually ridden hy tho Em- peror whuii hu ruviuws his troops, whuru bu (IIHIÍH giilsliu« himself by lils beutitiltil iiutlon mid by his iiiibit ol'boning nnd priinelng when hu upprunuhes tho colours ul' u regiment. As tho Kmpuror, nt thu sumo munietit mises his hut, tim horse mut tho rider appear to siilutu thu colours together,,lo thu grent delight uf tho troops, Holli thu Ktniienir's stud mid establishment, ut 81, Cloud mid that nt Buuloguo, uro tinder tho Rttperititciuluiicu ul' tlio premier jiiijtitu> ol' lils Aliijuaty, Air. Uamble, who is well known to thu English spurt- ing world. 