LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Friday. September 1. GOVERNMENT WORKS. Mr. FISHER asked whether any directions had issued for proceeding with the Council Chamber, and if not, why not; and if it were intended, when the works were resumed, to do so under the same arrangement as hereto- fore. The COLONIAL SECRETARY said no direction had been given for the resumption of that work, nor was it likely, until the Council gave authority for the extra outlay required. At present they had only a vote on the Supplementary Estimate, and that was always liable to revocation, until the Appro priation Act was passed. THE PUBLIC CEMETERY. Mr. KINGSTON said he had been informed that the Lord Bishop and his clergy claimed an exclusive right to a large portion of the public land set apart for a cemetery. They not only, he was informed, prevented persons from being interred with other than episcopal rites, who had not purchased land there, but also prohibited similar interments in cases where the land had actually been purchased before the Bishop came to the colony. (Hear, hear.) He was assured that when the person in charge of the cemetery saw preparations for ceremonials not of the Church of England, he came to the grave and prevented the com pletion of the obsequies. (Hear, hear.) In consequence of such a proceeding the coffin in one instance had to be taken up and removed to another part of the cemetery where a grave chanced to be open. He (Mr. Kingston) could not imagine what authority the Bishop had over any part of the cemetery. It was, in the first instance, devoted to the whole of the colony, and it did not appear that any part of it was exclusively granted to any sect. Not only did he doubt the existence of such a grant, but he did not believe there was any power to make such an exclusive grant; he would therefore ask the following questions, of which he had given notice:— I. Whether any land grant has been issued giving to the Right Reverend Dr. Short, Protestant Bishop of Adelaide, the freehold of one-half of the ground reserved for, and fenced in at the public expense as, a general Cemetery, on West-terrace? ll. The date of such grant, and the authority under which it was issued ? III. By what authority the Bishop and Clergy of the Church of England claim the right to prevent Ministers of Religion, not being of the Church of England, from performing funeral services in the West-terrace Ceme- tery for members of their respective congregations, more particularly in the case of parties whose families have purchased leases of land therein ? The COLONIAL SECRETARY, after some remarks on the hon, mover's observa- tions, said—With regard to the first ques- tion—By a land grant, bearing date 3rd May, 1849, His Excellency was pleased to grant two pieces of land, amounting to 14 acres 2 roods and 30 perches, for the purposes of a cemetery for the Church of England, being a portion of the 69 acres, which was the whole area of the public cemetery. That was his direct answer to the first question, and he would refer to one point in connection with it. When he was asked if any land grant had been issued giving one-half of the cemetery to the Bishop, he might have answered it with a simple negative, as no such grant had been issued, and the land granted did not. amount to one-fourth of the whole area. With regard to the second question, he had already given the date, and the authority was that of the Lieutenant-Governor. With regard to the third question—(Here the hon. Secretary read the question)— and said by virtue of the land grant. The Jews had 1 acre 3 roods and 24 perches, the Roman Catholics 3 acres and some perches; but that land was not granted. GLEN OSMOND RAILWAY. Mr. BAKER laid upon the table the plan reference book, and a manuscript copy of the Bill. He had, he said, already given the neces sary notice, and signed a document binding him self to meet the expense of printing the Bill, He trusted the Council would consider that the proper time to throw out the Bill if the principle was thought objectionable, and not, while objecting to the principle a terwards, defeat it on technical grounds. If the Council did not approve of the principle, it wouli' he useless to waste time by referring the Bill to a Select Committee. He could well under stand that objections might arise to many matters of detail, and in fact he did not in tend to bind himself to support all the clauses as they stood at present. The question was simply as to whether or not it was desirable to form a railway from Glen Osmond, to be connected with the Adelaide and Port Rail way ; and the principle was, that an iudivi vidual should form a railway, assisted by the Government in the outlay, and have a return guaranteed of six per cent., the fares aud charges to be fixed bv Government or the Council Even if that Bill was thrown out, he thought it would be advisable to settle the principle as to whether it was a desirable mode of con structing railways, or whether the Council could suggest a more advantageous system. He believed the proposed railway would be a great a-sistance to -the large and important agricultural distinct which lie represented by enabling the settlers to ship their grain at Port Adelaide without the expense and diffi- cultv they at present had to contend with by bringing their bullock teams to Adelaide. If the railway was established they need not go beyond the point where food could be obtained for their cattle; they could deposit their load ing at the railway and return without having incurred the expense of remaining a night in Adelaide. This was an expeuse that fell hard on them and which others did not suffer. The railway would also facilitate the delivery of building-stone, timber, firewood, and other matters of large consumption in the city. It would also work a great saving of the common road by a diversion of the heavy traffic, and thus effect a considerable diminution of the public expenditure. He was in favour of the principle of assisting private enterprise in the construction of public works; he thought it was a system conducive to economical im provement, and most likely to be exten sively acted on. He was instructed to say also that the projector was willing to change places with the Government, and give the terms he applied for. Some difficulty might arise as to the notices. He believed none had been given, and If that omission was fa al, of course the Bill must be rejected. The course of the line was, however, principally, if not entirely, through public land, while the Port Railway was entirely through private pro perty. The deviations only on the proposed line would enter private property, and the projector had endeavoured to purchase the necessary land, but they would not name the price. He would, in case the Bill was enter tained, have to ask for power to take such private land at a fair compensation. Some thing had been said as to the exorbi tant rate of tolls, but the fact was, as stated, the maximum rates of tolls were inadvertently copied from the old Act, but in the present Bill the blanks were left to be filled in by the Council, when it woud be for the projector to accept or reject the Bill. The principle which he wished the C mncil to bind itself to, was that private enterprise might be assisted by public money in the construction of public works, and a profit of six per cent, guaranteed. If he was pressed for his private opinion, he might say that Glen Osmond was not the very best line to get to Mount Barker.; He thought a course might be found by what was called the First Creek. With regard to the engineering diffi culties that might be found, he thonght they were not very great. Twenty tons of produce were brought to town for the one ton of mer chandise that returned; and the weight of that townward traffic might be made a lift at Mr. Stevenson's garden or any other point fixed on. By allowing the Bill to go into Committee no evil could arise, and he felt certain that mach practical good must result from that decision. He moved— " For leave to bring in a Bill intituled ' A Bill for making, maintaining, and working a Railway from Glen Osmond to the City of Adelaide, in the province of South Australia, to be called " The Adelaide and Glen Osmond Railway," with all proper and necessary works, stations, approaches, and deviations, with power to make exten sions tji connect the same with the Adelaide City and Port Railway.'" Mr. FISHER seconded. Mr. ANGAS warned the House that if it permitted the Bill to be introduced they were pledged to its principle. (No, no; and hear, hear, from the Colonial Secretary.) Had the principle been left an open question, he would not have opposed the introduction of the Bill; but he was not aware of auy instance on record in England, Scotland, or Wales that could be considered a precedent He believed-, moreover, the principle to he a bad one and he would hot he a pa'ty to voting public money in aid of private enterprise. No very material difficulty ould arise in the way of | the proprietor if he pursued the matter as a private undertaking. The greatest diffi culty would arise from its passing through corporation property. The line was so short, and the amount of capital required was so small, that no difficulty conld arise. Therefore he (Mr. Angis) was for either one or another alternative—either make the line a public or a private measure. In the proposed plan of constructing it by appropriating a portion of the public funds in aid of private capital, they would establish a vicious system, and there would be no end to the applications that would beset them for similar aid. (Hear, hear.) The hon. gentleman who introduced the matter was himself undecided as to the best line, and the deviations might involve very great ex- pense, more especially as that part of the colony had not been surveyed with regard to railway communication. He confessed, how ever, his chief objection was to the principle of assisting private enterprise with public money; but if the hon. mover could produce any instance either in Great Britain or Ireland where that principle had been acted on and worked well, he would vote for the motion; if not, he must oppose it. The ADVOCATE-GENENRAL was placed in some difficulty by the remarks of the hon, member for Mount Barker, which he confessed appeared to him to be a little inconsistent. He first stated his wish that if the House did not approve of the principle that leave to intro- duce it should be refused, and then he said, even if the House did not approve of the principle of the Bill, it might still be advan- tageous to refer it to a Committee for the sake of the suggestions it might elicit. Mr. BAKER explained. He did not wish the principle of the Bill to be thrown out merely on the ground that a better line might have been found. The ADVOOATE-GENERAL understood the hon, member then to mean that the prin- ciple involved was whither or not Govern ment aid may be properly given to an im- portant public undertaking. That being the only point, it remained for the House to con- sider if the matter proposed was such an undertaking as should be aided. On that understanding he should have no hesi- tation in voting for the introduction of the Bill. He thought, however,, with the hon. mover, that it would be foolish in the Council to allow the introduction of a Bill which involved a principle to which they were opposed. With regard to the details of the measure, he bad, in common with the hon. member for Mount Barker, very great doubts. As to the wisdom of assisting the works and guaranteeing a profit, he thought the House might do so on being convinced of the necessity or importance of the proposed work. He thought Government might lend money for the completion of sueli a work, secured, of course, on the previous expenditure; but to advance money and at the same time guaran tee profit on the private expenditure, would he an indefensible principle. (Hear, hear, from Mr. Angas.) He should be sorry to see such a principle adopted, although he would not say that circumstances might not arise when it might be allowed. He rose in the first instance to expian the difficulty he was placed in ; that was explained, and now he was willing to vote for the admission of the Bill, on the understanding that the project would secure a public benefit, and the plan was such as the Committee would recommend to be car- ried out. The COLONIAL SECRETARY felt bound to say a few words now that he might not be misunderstood when the Bill came under full discussion He did not op- pose the intr iductiou of the Bill, for he did not know what it was; but he understood that the principle was, that public money might be advanced in aid of private capital in works approved of by the Council. Further than that he could not go; but the hon. member for Mount Barker went much further when he spoke of a loan by Government, and a guarantee of 6 per cent. It was said also in recommendation of the Bill that it would travel along a main road, and would not inter fere with private property. It was admitted, however, that if it were found to be necessary to take the line along private property, the projector would ask the Council for permission to do so. That was a point upon which he (the Colonial Secretary) must make a remark, notwithstanding his sanctioning the intro duction of the Bill. A large sum was asked in the former Bill (and he did not know what the proposed measure claimed)—one-half of the necessary capital in fact; but should the line come down a public road, the public would, in addition to the estimated capital, be contributing something like £70,000. (Hear, hear.) Supposing the line absorbed half a chain in width of the road, that would be four acres to the mile; and as the line was to be nearly five miles long, that would mike 20 acres of public land. Then there were five stations marked on the plan; and, allowing only ten acres to each station, that would make 70 acres of public land in all. Calculating the value of that land at the moderate rate of £1,000 per acre, the present value of land on South-terrace—(a laugh)— and which probibly would soon be the value of all land in that neighbourhood—(hear, hear)—he might be accused of taking an exaggerated view of the value of the land; but take half his estimate, and it would give an amount that should not be left out of con- sideration in discussing the merits of that measure. ( hear, hear.) He thought the Council-should have a report from the Central Road Board, to see how they would entertain a question affecting a line of road on which they had expended so much money. They should also hear how the Corporation would deal with a project that proposed to take so much of the public land, of which they were the conservators, and which would block up so many streets, which they might feel it their duty to keep open. It would then be for the Council to consider if the project promised ad- vantages counterbalancing all Objections ; but of course all that would be fully discussed on the second reading. The hon. member for Mount Barker said Mr. Hardy would he satis- fied if the Council allowed him to bring the line any way he liked, if the public road could not be taken. He had no doubt that would satisfy any projector; but how were the proprietors of the invaded land to be satis- fied? If the mere principle were adopted, it would create great alarm, until the actual line was settled. Were they to sanction even the ghost of such a principle, it would be very inconsistent, and they would be the first to regret it. He could not see how deviations could he made, without affecting private pro perty, notwithstanding what had been said by the hon. member for Mount Barker. The hon. member for the Burra might detect an error | in his figures, but the principle he went on was, in the former Bill the limit of deviation j was 200 yards. Mr. BAKER would willingly spare the hon. gentleman's .breath and very valuable time. He was evidently speaking without an ac quaintauce with the plans; there were to be no deviations, except on the Park. Lands. The COLONIAL SECRETARY-There was one more remark. Mr. Hardy was wil- ling to rent the railway to the Government. He thought the promoters would be the very first to cry out against their recklessness, if they proposed to make such a railway and rent it from Mr. Hardy. Again, before the time of the Council was consumed in the dis- . cussion of such a project, some guarantee should have been given that it was a bona fide undertaking. In England. a Certain amount of capital should lie deposited, and in their former railway regulations such deposit was required. It was therefore for the Council to consider how far such precaution , Was necessary in that case. He was in favour of a railway passing the hills and connecting Port Adelaide with the River Murray—(hear, hear)—but he was by no means certain that Glen Osmond was the proper line. He would he prepared to move that Government should., undertake such a line, and he would support , any project that would construct a part of a trunk line connecting Port Adelaide with the River Murray. Even in that case he could not consent to its going along a main road, or any part of one, without the consent of the Central Board, and their assurance that it would not damage or interfere with other descriptions of , traffic. The railway also should be con- structed so as to permit the use of locomotives, the same as would be in use on the City and Port line. He believed he had drawn atten- tion to every point that would be prominent during the discussion, and in consenting to the , first reading he did not pledge himself to either , the line laid down, the plan, or to any other prin- ciple, than that it was proper to grant public capital in aid of the construction by private means of railways of a proper character. In agreeing to that he considered it was only the second best course, for he was convinced that railways along main trunk, lines should be con- structed by the public whenever they could raise the money, eilher from the revenue or from properly raise loans, and the liquidation of the debt provided for. Where, however, the undertaking was so vast that the public resources were insufficient, he would encourage by all prudent means the invest meat of private capital in the undertaking. Mr. STEPHENS said he had been given to understand that there had been no public road laid out at Glen Osmond, and that the present road was ceded by private individuals to the Government in trust for the public, He was also informed that the land.was never con veyed to the Government, which consequently | could not alienate the property. The REGISTRAR-GENERAL differed in j opinion from the hon. member for Barossa | respecting the policy of carrying out public 1 works through private enterprise assisted by the Government. But he hoped the hon. member for Mount Barker, in his reply, would state whe'her it was intended that the Government sliou'd be required to guarantee a minimum profit, au<l to grant a loan also. He would not in that case support the Bill. Another point upon which he would require , an assurance from the Committee was, that the loan should not be taken up in the event | of ail the surplus revenue being required in furtherance of works of greater or more general public utilitv. For instance, supposing the Select Committee to decide that a railway to Gawier Town would be of muGh greater benefit to the public than that to Glen Osmond, and that the surplus revenue would be insufficient to facilitate the carrying out of both purposes, he would oppose any provision in the Bill for die last-mentioned purpose, which would have the effect of abstracting funds required I'or the former. He would suppu't the first reading of the Bill, pending the hon. number's reply. Mr. B AGOT agreed with the hon. Ilegistrar G sneral in his remarks, but thought it would be a dangerous pi-act ce to insist upon hon. members being required to pledge theinse'ves to the principle of a Bill at tiie time when the motion for leave to introduce it was before the Council. He w-ouid support the motion. Mr. BAKER replied—The first point he wished to ascertain with reg irl to the Bill was, as to whether lion, me :.b :rs were opposed to the principle of advancing money in aid of private enterprise, iu the construction of works of great public utility. He was also uerfeetly well aware that it would be useless to at e npt to carry any Bill through that House without the support of the Government, who, with their nominees, c >uid successfully oppose any measure they pleased. The COLONIAL SKCR TART—It is not a Government question at a I. The Govern ment members are free to vote upon it its they please. Mr. BAKER continued. He gathered fr. >m wliat the hon. the Colonial becreiary had said, that though he would n >t oppose the first reading of tire Dili, he (Mr. Baker) might expect his opposition to it in every st ige of i s progress through the House, rfuch being the case he saw not the slig'ite-t chance of its being carried, and though he would not withdraw the motion, he would refrain from even moving, the first reading of the Bill, until the projector of the ra'lway bad b en consulted, lest he should be put to further un necessary expense. The hon. member for Barossa had said he wool i not under any eir cu nstanees consent to the voting of m-m -y in support of private enterprise ; hut by what nthtr means couid the House put a stop to that reckless expenditure by the Government of which the hoa. member had justly com plained. He would refer to the erection of the new Council Chamber. He called that a reckless expenditure. In a colony like this the public buildings shouid be constructed iu a simple style of architec ture, whereas that building was the mo t ex travagaut and expensive that could have been desigued. A plain and simple style of archi tecture shouid have been adopted, such as the Grecian or the Italian, whiih would nochav.' required one-half the expenditure, and have been more commodious than the present build ing.- The Government had incurred the charge of reckless expenditure by commencing public buildings which before their completion cost as much for additions and alterations as the original estimates. Such had been the ease wich regard to the Supreme Court, an 1 the Lunatic Asylum. Bur the Colonial Secre tary seemevl to suppose that if a man's expen diture was less than his income he could not be guilty of extravagance. It was very pos sible-, however, for either a private individual or the Government to limit their outlay by their actual revenue, and yet from a want of proper economy, to be guilty of the most reckless ex travagance. So, again, he would suppose itto b; determined to construct a railway, with m mey borrowed in England at 6 per cent.; and to meet their liabilities the directors were obliged to go the banking establishment on No th teiTaee, and purchase bills at 3 per ceut. pre mium. He would call that a reckless expen diture. On some future occasion he would perhips refer to other matters conueoted with the manner in which 'he Government dis posed of the public revenue. The hon. the C d ) n:al Secretary had said that lie knew no king about the plan of the proposed railway irom Glen Osmond, and yet he referred to the objec tionable " iron baud," which was to lock up the streets of Adelaide. He pre>umed, however, that the objection would not have beeu made had the Government undertaken to construct a similar railway. With regard to the dis posal of the land, which at its present iate would add a million pounds to the revenue in about three years, he conceived that the be-t mode of preventing the reckless expenditure of so large an amount, woul'J be to encourage j private enterprise by way of loins for public works. By th it means they would be able to construct a number of railw ays throughout | the country in a few years, sufficient to meet all their requirements. He -was not alvo cating expensive locomotive railways, but considered 20 miles of a1 tramroad to be of more public utility th n 10 miles of ^railway costing the same sum to construct it. "1 he hon. the Colonial Secretary had stated that the railway to Glen Osmond would take- up ^ 50 acres of land. He (Mr. Baker) would state in reply, that there were, according to the plan, one. block of four acres, and five others of two acres each, passing through, private lauds, and about 14 other acres, making a total of but 23 acres, or little more than half the quantity stated by the hon. memb ;r. .Then as to the value of the lands required from the Government. Supposing them to be worth at any future time as much as the Coloniil Secretary seemed to suppose they would, the Government would hare the power of taking possession of them again if so disposed. The hon. member for Barossa had said that if ;hat Bill were p issed there would be no end to the applications which would be made to the Government for similar purposes. That was just what he i (Mr. Baker) wanted. He would be glad to ' find that there were contihdal applications j rtade to the Government for loans towards the construction of railwiys by private companies to the extent ,of the amount of their capital, and h iped the hon. member to whom he had referred would be amongst the first to make application in aid of a railway to Barossa. In that case he would glaily suport the applica tion. He would not withdraw the Bill, but after the debate which had taken place would leave it to the projector to detertniue what ] course he would pursue under the circum stances. The House then divided upon the motion) which was carried by a mjdrity of three. Ayes—The Colonial Secretary) Registrar General, Collector of Customs, Messrs. Neales, Bagot) Hart, Scott, and Wisher. Teler—Mr. Baker. Jides—Messrs. G'les, Peacock, Reynolds, Grainger, and Stephens. Teller—Mr. Angas. Tuesday, September 5. Mr. BAKER presented a petition from Mr. Henry Weston Phillips, merchant, praying the H >use to request His Excellency to place on the Estimates a sufficient sum to compensate him for the losses sustained bv the ; return of certain Bills upon Her Majesty's Ministers, which had been dishonoured. The pet'itiou was reeeived, read, and ordered to be printed. The COLONIAL SECRETARY laid ou the table the foil > wing returns:—A statement | of the quantity of land sold in the hundreds of Macclesfield, Strathalbyn, and Bremer. A report from Mr. Hargraves respecting the line of railway from Adelaide to the Bdrra; Statement of the number of prob ites and let ters of administration granted by the Siipreme Court. STUBBLE BURNING. The COLONIAL SECRETARY moved, pursuant to notice, for the appointment of a Select Committee to enquire iuto and repoit as to what amendments are required in the Stubble Burning Act. He stated that the Act referred to was passed in 1847, "but, notwith standins its provisions, frequent destructive fires had since occurred in consequence of the practice of stubble burning : The motion was carried, and the following hon. members chosen on the committee, to bring up their report on the 18 th inst. : — The Colonial Seer ;tary. Advocate-General, Registrar General, Messrs. Baker and Angas. MILITARY FORCE BILL: The House having g>ne into Commi' tee, \- The COLONIAL' SECRETARY said the Government had looked carefully over the re printed copy of the Militia Bill, and fonnd that seyeral of the clauses were susceptibleof improve ment. Those clauses had been printed with the proposed alterations embodied in them, that th : nature of those alterations might be better understood. • An amendment was proposed to be made in the first clause, which in its present form provided that the force should be divided into artillery, horse, foot, and sea-fencibles. It was thought advisable to leave it to the discre tion of the Governor from time to time to deter mine as to the division of the force. The second clause,as it stood,provided that the person appointed to raise and enrol volunteers should rank as a captain. It was proposed to omit that part of the clause which referred to the rank of the officer so appointed ; also to leave out the part which provided that volunteers should be between the ages 18 and 50 years. It was generally admitted that in South Australia persons were men at an earlier age than in other places, and did not become old men so soon. The fourth clause, relating to the pay of staff adjutants and sergeants, was proposed to be altered. The clause at present provided thnt two staff adjutants be paid £365 per vear, and two staff sergeants £182 10s. each. This it wis proposed to amend by making those amounts the maximum pay of those officers, as it was probable that in some districts the duties of those officers would he comparatively light, and the pay in that case should be proportioned to the|actual ser vice per formed. It was proposed to strike out the third clause, which particularizes the number of officers belonging to each division of the force, because it had been thought more desirable to leave those details to the Government. An ad ditional clause proposed to be added to the Bill, provided that no volunteer should be exempt from serving on any jury, who had not within 14 days after his enrolment given notice to the Sheriff of the province of his claim to beexempted. That clause was considered necessary, in order to prevent the inconvenience which might other wise be experienced in making up juries. The several amendments as proposed were agreed to, with slight alterations. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL moved a rec "lnmitment of the 15th clause, to remove all ainbiguitv as to the time for which the volunteers should be paid, and introduced words stating that they were to be paid for all timj that they should be called out. Mr. BAGOT called attention to the fact that the families of members of benefit societies received a certain su n on the death of the member. This bmefit was fixed on a calculation of the duration of life If it was found that the volunteer service acted injuriously bydiminish ing the amount so reeeived, he thought the country should make up the loss to :he fami lies of the volunteers. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL thought that might be a reason for striking out the clause introduced at the instance of the member for North Adelaide; but the provision asked for was beyond the scope of the Bill. The COLONIAL SECRETARY said it was originally intended to introduce a clause pro viding pensi >11 allowances for the families of men who fell in action. It was thought, how ever, that unnecessary alarm might be created by doing so. and he felt satisfied that the best disposition animated the Government an i the country to provide for such casualties, should they unfortunately occur. The report was brought up, and leave ob tained to read the Bill|a third time noxt day. ESTIMATES.—IN COMMITTEE. Ho. 5.—Roads, Streets, Bridges, and Public Wobks. Piling the North-parade at Port Adelaide £9,331; of which one-third required during 1851 £3,150 0 Iu aid of City Funds, to be paid by instalments in proportion to amount of rates collected during 1351 8,000 0 Steam Dredge (portion of vote of £1,700 on Estimates of 1853) 47 0 ~ The CULONIAL SECRETARY said the expenditure with reg.rl to the piling of the North parade ha d been authorized by the Coun cil, but it was not included in the Estimates. With regard to the second item, it was pro posed to aid the city funis as had been doue iu the ease of the-District Councils. Mr. BAKER asked if the sum on the Esti-' mates for the bridgj over the Torrens would be sufficient to complete it, or had it been found necessary to alter the original plan and estimates ? He had understood that the work j had sunk so much iu the spot selected for the site, that there was likelihood of the bridge following its predecessors. The COLONIAL SECRETARY said there j was nothing iu the reports of the Colonial j Architect to lead to such an apprehension.1 If the bridge were to be finished J according to the original plan, the sum < estimated would be sufficient, but it was pro posed to a3k for a larger sum, as it was thonght j desirable to give the bridge a greater eleva- j tion than was at first intended. That altera tion would not only make it a work of greater I beauty, but it would considerably diminish the slope from Ring William-street- Tins improvement, however, involved no alteration | of the plan, nor the estimate, farther1 than the I Calculated Cost of the increased ndmber of j yards of masonry to be added to the piers now in coarse of construction. He presumed the hon. gentleman asked the question from seeing 1 on the general* esti mate a sum for the comple tion of the bridge; when that came under consideration he (the Colonial Secretary) would be happy to give any farther informa tion in his power. Mr. BAKER thought, with regard to the vote for the North Pdrade, that it dfotild be nice beneficial to (he Port if the piling were to be of the ordinary length, so that the wharf J could be raised to the same level as the other wharves. He did not think the whole of the mud required to be raised could be disposed of by means of the dwarf wharf. Mr. SCOT r said it was intended to have the wharf as high as the others, but the piles would not be driven so deep as usual, as it was only proposed to secure a depth of four feet water. The COLONIAL SECRETARY referred the hon. member for Mount Barker to Council paper No. If, Which contained the informa tion he required. By It he Would see that a plan was forwarded showing two niethods of j effecting this dbject. " One is, to drive a row of close piling in a tine, marked A B on the plan, 1,220 feet in length, extending from the fknitfi-west corner of the Queen's Wharf to the steps of the Prince's Wharf; such line being about 20 feet back from the front line of the Qii ten's Wharf, and parallel with the line of I bdildings fronting the Parade. The piling to I be driven to such a depth' onlv as to alilow of | a deepening to tHe exteiit. of four feet at low water alongside the wharf. The whole of this sheet piling being driven with lauding steps at each end, and a timber-slip at one end as shown, the material taken from the harb inr by the steam-dredge could then ba thrown in , behind, until the whole should be filled up to a ! level uniform with the top of the sheet-piling, being two feet above the highest spring tides. A reclamation would thus be effected of a large piece of land now overflowed fay everv ride, and a uniform level terrace be formed Such tefrdce, howetfer, wodld not answer the purpose of a wharf for shipping to discharge And take in cargo. Nevertheless, tbe Ultimate Accomplish merit of this object is provided for in the mariner shriwn by the dotted line in section No; 1, which is an opan framework of piles and planking, forming a platform about 20 feet in advance of the sheet piling already de scribed, being the line marked C L> on tbe plan. In front of this platform the bed of the har bour might be deepened to 16 feet at low water, aud thus allow vessels of considerable size to be alongside. The estimated cost of the sheet piling first described, exclusive of dredging and tilling in behind, is £9,344 That of the platform to be ultimately formed in front of it, also exclusive of dredging, is £11,590, making a total ultimate cost of £20,934. Tbe second method Which I have to propose is that shown in section No. 2, whico is the formation, in the first instance, of a wharf front in continuation of the Queen's Wharf, on the line marked G D on the plan, by piling driven to such a depth that 16 feet of water could be gained by dredging, so that vessels might tie alongside; the estimated cost is £13,647. If the object to be gained is the immediate formation of a wharf for com mercial purposes, the second plan will be the more economical by the difference between £20,934 and £13,647 ; but, if the present oo j jet be that of providing only a place for the deposition of silt raise 1 from the harbour, and the formation thereby of a terrace, and theques t:on of a wharf to be left for future consideration, then the first plan will be the one to adopt." Before the first plan was adopted,persons at the Port interested in the matter were consulted and under their, advice that was decided on as suiting their views. Mr. BAKER confessed he was not aware that the parties interested had been consulted. That beinw the case, aud the Trinity Board having decided as to the best plan, he had nothing more to say, but his opinion remained unchanged. Mr. KINGSTON agreed with the hon. member for Mount Barker, and contended that the larger outlay would have secured more than correspond ing advantages and been the most economic course. Mr. GILES would have been very sorry to have seen tpat ^ourse adopted. He was certain the desired object would not have been secured at an OHtlay of £50.000. Who would be authorized to collect dues there, if they had such a wharf? It was originally intended and proclaimed as a public promenade, and, without deviating from that object, it was thought a wharf for boats along it would be very usefnL The REGISTRAR-GENERAL said that phase of the question was now for the first time brought uuder the no-.ice of hon. mem bers. He was of opinion th»t it was the best site for a wharf where ships could discharge c vrgo; but then the question arose how far it was proper for Government to interfere with private enterprise by entering int) the busi ness of wharfingers. If, however, the House sanctioned the formation of such a wharf by the ouday of money contributed by the colo nists generally, the great mass of whom would receive no benefit from it, it would be bit rea sonable either to sell or let the wharf for the public benefit; but then they would be oppos ing private parties. If they erected the wharf and did not sell or let it, they would be spend ing a very large amount of public money from which no return would he derived. It was incumbent on the House to liokatall those points. Mr. BAKER agreed with the Registrar General that it was the best site for a wharf, and consequently the plan of the hon. member for Yatala would not only involve a misappli cation of public money, bat a misappr ipria - tion of a valuable piece of land. If a public wharf was construcred there, of course the wharfage dues would go to Government to repay the outlay. It was that view which induced him to condemn the firmition of a dwarf whaif. With regard to the interference of Government with private enterprise, he really hoped Government would do something at Port Adelaide. Some steps should be taken at least to direct private enterprise, for now every man was doing that which was i ight in his own eyes, without respect to the common interest or general usefulness. Some compre hensive plan, some general and efficient system, should oe carried out there—(hear)—by which a much smaller expenditure could secure far greater accommodation. As to Maclireu Wharf it was obviously oat of place: it never should have been placed so far out in the stream. As that had been done, he would say, in extending the -wharf up the stream, take care to keep it in its proper place. In course of time, even Maclaren Wharf will, by natural decay, and wiser arrange ments, be removed. He did not speak w th the view of injuring any private interest, but with the hope of indncing the Government to adopt some scheme for the improvement ol' the harbour, that would be beneficial to all. He believed that was the very best part of the harbour, and farther down they could not get a place where ships could lie and dis charge with so much safety. He did not intend, however, to move any resolution on the 'subject. Mr. GILES thought the very first thing they should do would be to give a Corporation to Port Adelaide, Mr. KINGSTON remarked that if public money was expended on the formation of a wharf, there would be no objections to Go- , vernment receiving dues upon it, either by : lease or any other means, as might seem; most prudent He would not examine or j remark on the estimate of the hon. member j for Yatala; but if the greater work could be completed for £'20,000, no money could be better laid out. The COLONIAL SECRETARY would be glad to have the question settled at once by the Council. Thewholediscussion last year j went to. show thiat a boat, wharf only was re- j quired at the North-parade, and that four feet I of water would be sufficient. It was that <fis cussion which influenced, the Government fa putting the su n asked for on the Estimates. It was' thought also that slaps lying there might injure the property at the back, and tui no stores could be built in front °f them it must remain an open wharf. The r -solution of the Council did not call upon the Govern ment to prepare plans and estimates, but directed the piling of the Noitb-parade. The Government, in considering the two plans, thought it most expedient to avoid the respon sibility of erecting a large wharf for shipping, dnd consequently placed the smaller sninon the Estimates. It'was not tdo late; however, t' alter the plan, and the sum asked for might, if the Council determined on a sbiri wharf, be taken as au inatalment of the larger amount that must bo voted. Some loss might indeed accrue from the timber ordered according /to the other plan not answering for the greater undertaking; but it was possible that it might be used for other purposes without loss. Mr. SCOTT declared that a wharf of some kind was urgently required, or there would be no possibility of deepening the harbour* as there was np place where the raised ihad could be deposited Supposing tba£ one-third of the wharf was proceeded with, they fjophfy if it were thought advisable next session,' carry out the plan proposed; by that means something could be done in deepening the harbour. Mr. NEALES concurred in opinion with the hon. member for Mount Barker; but the pre vious session they cottld not get what they asked, s6 they were'sdtisfled with What they could get.- They might as well haVe thought to move Gover nment House as to get justice for Port Adelaide then. Now,- however, as there was no chance to get the long piles, he thought the plan proposed by the hon. mem ber for the Poi t the best they could ^dopt; The COLONIAL SECRETARY assured the hon. member for North Adelaide that the Government was as well disposed to do justice to Port Adelaide last session as at present. Mr. BAKER did not intend to throw any obstruction in the way of the vote; but thought it was his duty to call attenti&i; to the result of his owu obserr tions at the place in questio i* which he Considered an admirable site for a shipping wharf. He would remind the Colonial Secretary of what had fallen from the hon. member for Victoria, who was the owner of considerable property at the Port* That hon. gentleman said the inhabitants were willing and anxious to be assessed for the deepening of the harbour. {Hear, hear.) He (Mr. Baker) thought they should ba gratified, and then a proper wharf constructed by Govern ment would be the greatest public benefit. The REGISTRAR-GENERAL assured the hon. member for North Adelaide that his view on the last occasion was in favour of making a permanent wharf, and not merely to benefit the persons who had homes at the Nortb paraie. which seemed to him to have been the obj ;ct of the embank-nent. Ho could see n» objection to the construction of a good wharf that would pay 10 or 15 per cent, on the out lay. He thought there really was no ground lor the charge of indisposition to do justice to the Port, as ad vanced by the hon.. member. He would, however, say that it would be embar rassing for the. Government to enter info com petition with private parties. He felt it so when he first arrived and found Government trading as wharfingers. That was a- matter which the Government should not deal in. Mr. BAKER was never in the place where the Government did not do so. It was so in Sydney, Van Diemen's Land, and Victoria. It was true that private parries on erecting might get licences; but after all was it worse to deal as wharfingers than as railroad con tractors ? Mr. SCOT T said that in. England tlie Tower wharf was the only Government wharf on the Thames, while there were miles of private wharves. Mr. NEALES sa'd that overtures had been made to Government to establish a wharf at the North-parade, but that the Government would not grant better terms than a seven years' lea-e, which of course could not be ac cepted by capitalists. Mr. GILES said it wou'd be a gross injus tice to turn the parade into a wharf for ship ping. The COLONIAL SECRETARY said that, in the absence of any special motion which wouid indicate the views of Council, the vote had better be carried. Afterwards, in the dis cussion of the Estimates, it could be submitted which plan sh >uld be carried out. He would be very glad to see the inhabitants of the Port seek to be enrolled in a Corporation. The Government could not well compel it, but would be happy to see it voluntarily adopted. Mr. AN6AS thought the only plan would be to incorporate the Port. That was the plan adopted at most other Forts. The wharves belonged to the city and the dues went to its revenues. Mr. SCOTT hoped the morion would be carried, as otherwise the improvements could not be carried on, aud there would then ba uothiug but complaints. The motion was then put and carried. The items for miscellaneous expenses Was then read. The COLONIAL SECRETARY explained the particulars of the various detailed items, especially one of £1,000 for collecting statis tical information, which was to be done through the agency of the District Councils. Mr. BAKER asked for an explanation of the amount of £2.000 needed for increase of salaries, under Schedule D, parts 1 and 2. He observed that the Coroner was quartered on the'Civil List, as thongh the Government could not do without him. though an Act had been passed a little time before abolishing the office of Coroner. As to the collection of sta tistical information, he thought that it might be done at the' same time as the census was taken, and so' save expense. The COLONIAL SECRETARY explained that there had been £7,437 on the unexpended balances on the votes of 1853, because the Estimates were made for a full establishment, whereas vacancies had occurred, and the whole amount had consequently not been re quired. Only 11 months of the year had been reckoned, as the salaries for December were paid in January. The £2,000 now asked for was merely a resumption of some of this un - expended balance. Mr. ANGAS s?pd £800 was down for a Queen's cup for native horses. The COLONIAL SECRETARY explained that the figures had been misplaced. As to the collection of statistical information by District Councils, he hoped it would be ready by November. He hoped no alteration would be made in that vote; as it would throw back the completion of the work. The police could not do it. They were not generally intelligent enough. Last year it was tried, aud the information was so defective as to bfe useless. A Census Bill would be introduced shortly, but they could not conveniently collect the census aud the statistical information relating to agriculture at the same time. ~ Mr. BAKER said that, under the usual sys tem of leaving blank forms to Ire filled up, it might all be done at once. He asked, too, how the information was to he gaiue 1 where there were no districts. The C- JLONIAL SECRETARY explained that in those parts the information would be collected by the police Mr. GILES said there was one item on the Estimates "to which he would object as long as he had a seat in that Council, and on which he would always take the sense of the House whenever he could find a seconder—and that was the £100 for the Queen's Cap, given for the purpose of promoting gambling. It was dis graceful in the Council to refuse votes of money to mechanics' institutes whilst .."they allowed them for horseraciug. Mr. ANGAS felt, it an honour and a privi lege to be permitted to .second the olgection of his respected friend the hon. member for Yatala. The plea on which the vote,an queq> turn was granted was to improve the breed of horses. He had no objection that the breed of horses should be improved; but he did not think that encouraging horse-racing would effect that object. He did not pretend to know so much about improving horses as hon. gentlemen who sanctioned this vote. He only looked at the demoralizing influences which gathered around the experiment they were making. He would move, as an amendment, that, instead of the vote standing as at present, £100 be given for the best entire horse in the colony. The COLONIAL SECRETARY said the hon. member for Barossa had moved an amendment in reference to an item that was not npon the Estimates under consideration. They were considering the Supplementary Estimates. Mr. BAKER said the hon. member for Barossa was very fond of rushing at a red rag. As he was so desirous of promoting morality in the colony, he hoped he would vote for a sum of money to be placed upon the Estimates to teach religion and good order. Items passed. During the day M-ssages 13, 14, and 15 were received from His Excellency. The first of these contained a despatch from the Secretary of State for the Colonies, ac knowledging the receipt of the Parliament Bills of this and the two neighbouring colonies, and stating that circumstances had rendered it impossible that any Imperial legislatiou could take place upon the subjec. till the next session of the Parliament. It was deemed expedient to consider the Colonial Parliament Bills in connection with each other; whereas that of Victoria had not arrived until May, when matters of urgent importance were nnder the notice of Government. The Message No. 14 contained a despatch acknowledging the receipt of a communica tion from the colony relative to the registra tion of births, deaths, and marriages. No. 15 containined a communication from the Highland and Island Society relative to emigration. The several despatches were ordered to be printed. 