COLUMN FOR YOUNG FOLKS. PETER PARLEY'S TRAVELS IN THE EAST. PAULEY GOES FROM JERUSALEM TO BETHANY JERICHO, AND THE RIVER JORDAN, Some of my former volumes furnished toy young readers with some account of sacred- scenes and places in the present I shall afford them an idea of the country lying in the vicinity of Bethany, Jericho, the Jordan, and the Dead Seu—spots celebrated in secular and sacred writings; and full of interest to young and old. I shall hereafter mention my visit to the Holy City, After remaining for some days, every pro of three travellers, two muleteers, and a couple of Turkish horsemen, who hadf been ordered by the Governor to accompany us, started from the city of the Cross on a visit to Bethany, Jericho, the Jordan, the Dead Sea, and the Convent of St. Saba, in the wilderness of Judea. /We issued from- the gate of St. Stephen, and, after crossing the'dry bed of the Kedron, followed a winding course round the south-east side’ of Olivet. Ilere the road leads over a gentle acli vity, called by some the Mount of Offence, and commands a good view of the vale of Jehoshaphat on the right. There is another way to Bethany leading over the summit of the Mount of Olives, but this is longer and more tedious. Less than an hour’s ride brought us to Jehoshaphat, the ancient Bethany. This is now nothing more than a miserable village, and would be thought little of by tho wnyffiring Christian, but for the association of ideas every spot visited by the lle deemer of Mankind must inspire. The Scripture narrative leads us to conclude that our Saviour frequently took up lira abode at Bethany. On one occasion wo read that lie left the multitude, and went to the town of Beth an}', and lodged there. He was at Bethany when he sent forth his two disciples to" bring the colt upon which ho made his triumphant entry into Jerusalem amid the ho sannahs of an admiring hut inconstant people, and hither he returned after tho toil and fatigne of the day was over. It was at Bethany that he took the last leave of his sorrowing followers, as he lifted up bis hands and blessed them, and was car ried up into heaven. Here he was annointed by Mary, in the house of Simon ; and hero also he raised from the dead his friend Lazarus, to whom he was tenderly attached. I was taken to visit the spot .which tradition points out as being the grave of Lazarus. It is a small subterranean cell, descended by fourteen steps. Here occasion ally mass is performed by an officiating priest from the Latin convent at Jerusalem. A little above the village are two old walls, believed to be part of tho house in which Lazarus resided. A few olive and ffg trees are scattered over the side of the hill, but otherwise the environs of Bethany are very barren ; yet so interesting is it from asso ciation, that I wandered about it for hours en tranced by the most pleasing contemplations. The road from Bethany to Jericho is one con tinued descent, bounded by high hills on the left and right, and occasionally interrupted by level ground. It is literally a going down to Jericho; and, as it appears to have been in the time of onr Saviour, is the resort of banditti and thieves. We met only a few Fellaheen in our ride, who appeared as suspicions of us as we of them, but luckily no mishap occurred to onr party. The road itself is good, but extremely dreary, and highly favourable as a hiding-place for robbers ami cut- throats ; sometimes it leads the traveller over the edge of gloomy precipices, wherein the vulture soars high in the air, although liie iraveUer hears his horrid scream, and sees his broad pinions stretched be neath him ; sometimes ho is confined to a narrow path betwixt two lofty hills, from whioii there is no escape in case of a sudden attack. The whole face of the region is dry and barren, and may very aptly be called a wilderness. One particular fea ture in the rocks hereabouts is worthytjfbf notice. The mass of which they are composed is calcarous limestone, with occasional strata of flints or coarse agate projecting a little from the surface : these lav towards the summit, and encircle the hills in a zigzag direction, so as immediately to raise the presumption of their having been acted upon by some strong unduhicory motion. After travelling for five hours; v/e reached' the termination of the mountains which bound the valley of the Jordan. From the declivity wc had a full view of the extended plain before us, hemmed in on the opposite side by the lofty warlike moun tains of Moab and A imnon. The reiterated shouts of the muleteers bawling out “ Ericha ! Eficha !” (Jericho ! Jericho !) roused me from a pleasing association of its history with the scene around us, and led me to loolf attentively for the object of their notice ; but I looked long in vain, for I beheld nothing but a small quadrangular tower far away in tho plain, with one or two solitary palm trees growing by its side. 1 sooou found, how ever, that this was all my companions .saw of the once mighty Jericho, After traversing the plain for nearly two hours, we reached the village,-Which consists of about fifty of tho most wretched hovels I ever beheld ; these are scarcely five feet high, and are construe!cd chiefly with thatch and mud, and fenced round with dry bundles'- of ir thorny shrub, which grows luxuriantly in-the valley. The appearance of the villagers suited tile misery of their abodes; and both men and women were rag ged and dirty to a- proverb. Their only labour seemed limited to the cultivation of a few fields in the immediate vicinity, which arc watered by a clear stream issuing from the foot of the western mountainswe had just crossed, and supposed to be that of Elisha, Wc could procure 10 king from these poor wretches but a few eggs, and heartily rejoiced at having brought a tent with us, wher., by we were relieved from the disagreeable necessity of j lodging, even for n nigh!, in such brute-like hubi- Beyond Jericho, towards the Jordan, the plalh is still more level and barren than that we had just passed ; in many places the sandy soil was en crusted with salt, and the only vegetation it pro duced was a lew marine plants, with large quan tities of the colocynth. The ground is very un even, and here and there form lodgments for stag nant water. In less than an hour and a-half we reached the river, which wc had discerned at some distance, by the long lino of willows and rushes which grow upon its banks. At this season the stream not more than thirty feei wide ; but from the hollow bed on either side, it must be far more considerable after the rains, and when the snow begins to melt from the mountains of Gebel-ish- Sbeikb, anciently Mount Hermon ; the water is muddy, and appears at intervals to run very deep. The part we swam over was about eight feet deep, ami ran so rapidly by as to earn' us a long distance down the stream. A flock of gazelles were dis turbed by our intrusion, and set off at full speed towards the mountains, The hanks of the Jordan are very beautiful, and Peter Parley often wishes that he and his elder son could be together on them, for the pur pose of making a series of lively sketches. There are in many places openings among the trees and banks which disclose picturesque views of the mountain of Moab. The willows and numerous shrubs which grow rankly on the borders of the stream, form quite a forest, and effectually shut out the parched and dteary plain to the west ; the same general appearance is all around, except on the east, whore the mountains are much nearer. Restricted to a quarter of a mile on either side, the river makes a most delightful picture, as it comprehends a beautiful waterfall. But, alas I 1 here no human habitation is nigh, and the tra veller fears-to explore the plain beyond, lest he I should fall a-.prey to the roving children of the desert, who love to frequent the recesses of the mountains, lurking in wait for the daring or un suspecting stranger who intrudes upon their native wilds. I Such has been the aspect of the Jordan for age s, : whilst its waters have performd their yearly pU ! grimsge without benefitting a plain it once ren dered luxuriantly fertile. The -time was when numerous towns and villages flourished here ; and even as late as the days of Josephus this extensive plain was well peopled and richly cultivated. Now it is abandoned (o the wayward sons of Ishmael ; civilisation has long since left its borders, and in , the place of oorn, and oil, and wine, and the produce of the palm and the precious balsam, has succeeded a wild and inhospitable waste, patched over with thorns and prickly shrubs, affording neither cheer to the hungry or to the weary, hut barely a refuge for jack alls and foxes, or an undisturbed retreat for beasts of more savage [name. There is one time of the year, however, when the banks of the Jordan are enlivened by the con course of some'dliousand pilgrims from every part of Christendom : I moan the season of Easter. On this occasion the bands of pilgrims set off from Jerusalem, accompanied by a Turkish guard, to .protect them from the attacks of the Bedouins, who are ever on the alert to plunder any stragglers who may break off from* the main body ; ami not nnfrcquently is the troop endangered by these hardy and daring freebooters. Nothing can look more grotesque than the caravans of pilgrims, clad in the costume of their several countries, winding through qhe mountains, or traversing the plains, towards the banks of the Jordan, When arrived 1 at the r iver, those that can swim plunge into (he stream with ecstacy; those who cannot, men, women, and children, rush'forward with shouts of rapture, as far as they safely may ! whilst others more timid than their companions are obliged to content themselves with a partial dip, as they bang suspended from the branches of the trees and shrubs which grow on the hanks. Some of the more devout affect to he baptised in the same manner as our Saviour, and stand in the river while their friends pour water on their heads. I could not refrain from taking a dip in this most sacred of all rivers—and although I was de void of all superstition, X could not enter the water without feelings of awe and veneration. Perhaps —a. d the’ supposition was by no means an im practicable one—the very spot in which 1 stood was sanctified by the RedeemerV presence, and I thought ofthc wonders of the place. It was hero God made a way for his chosen people. Here Elijah was supenintarally fed, and here he divided the waters with his mantle. Here Elisha made iron to swim. Hero Nanman was cuied of his leprosy. Here John preached repentance—and here the Holy Ghost descended upon the Messiah, and God declared, “ This is my beloved Son, in whom l am well pleased.” Such wati Peter Parley's trip to the Jordan, In tho next chapter wilt he given an account of his journey to llie Head Sea. • .-'imHOUIi ItooSSO.MlNG OP PlOWBBS.—TllO flin.’ gv.hir phenomenon of tho “ instantaneous’’ blossom ing oi flowers has been exhibited at Hrumpton % Roses and geraniums placed in mould had a liquid <■-'idiu-isi:bn no ir-'d on (he«o, end blossomed In tut- 