ridges." FOOD FOB LAUGHTER. To TunxKErs.—The authorities of the prison at lJ.itli advertise this week as follows:- "W-inted, a respectable man, to act as turnkey in a euunty pi ison. One who undcrs'.mds music, can play the o.gan, and sing bass, would be preferred." "FAST" LITKIIAI uai;.—A Bportiag "gent" who has courageously entered the "lists" nl several heiting-ho uses has lately purchased an eViO! ate w,n k ou "Ethnology." in consequeli c of his having heard that it will give liim much infurmulioii oil the subject of "i'a':es "—Pun h. ISIII.AEII or PIIOMISE PoF.TNV —In A recent breath of promise uisc, somewhc.e down Kast, the following evidence was put ia by the^ llhliutiil' against the defendant : "Ivizahcth CYuelier, my dear. 1 love you dear, true and sincere ; 1 cannot express my min I, Hut my heat t is truly thine. 1 tell you as plain in man ean speak, 1 love ymi as ;rue as iny life ; And 1 shall never be easy, iny dear, lintil you heroine my wiI'.i. If yon object to me, 1 will never ask For t rlen-' The writer of such ]Oetl-y as this hal to pay 1,500 dollars da.nagis. Served him right.— Amrricjii piper. An eiCerly femile, on being examined bofore the ui ipistrato at Itati^iy as io her p.ii.-c of legal set lcmen\ v.as asked what rea-on she hal for supposing tlia>. her deceased husband's settlement ivasia St. Andre»vs/ The old billy, ln.iking earn -hily at the bench, said—' lie was bjru and luariicd there ; and tliey bnrie liini there : and if that isn't settling him there, 1 don't know what is." j2".-poaking of f i'o.ss,' rays Tlioyer to his 1'iieiiii Warecn/'cin you tell ine how many dog- cays there are in n year ? "Yes, about fit'ic.'tioe sixtceu I suppose." "You are wrong; thei c are men e than tli at," exclaimed Tiiayer ; ••you know -Mr. Shake-peurc toys, •errry aug has his <imf— iln.l all lite degi luivii't Iwen vnnntc 1 yet—so there's 110 kno-,vi g exactly how tna iy d ig-day-i tlici-e are." 'i'woulea, ii: dispuie, ledected upon eac'i othe.'s vera ity. i Ine of them replied i'Ttnii he was neve," whipped but o.icc by his father, andgta* was for tciiiug the * truth."*" '1 Mie.ro, then," retorted the other, "ihe t'-iuli was whipped out of you, lor you have never Bj oken it since." A Yankee edi'or savs, "Col I bathing, pure water, p ain diet, a clean shirt, and a plinth's receipt, are itidispeiiMUle to health nnd happiness." CACSF. AND larr.eT.—It is said that n cause is always followed by effect, but this is not the case at all events ill law, wlurc a cause is too frequently lollowc.1 by "No ell'ecls" THE HARI'ENS.—The following amusing account of a Dutchman's consul a'ion ' with this eabalis icnl bo'y is taken from a bite Ame:ic.m paper.—' Isli dat you .Mis. Hauntx?" inquiieil ihe Dutchman. 'Yes, d'a.est, it is your own wife, who—" "You lie you tcvil ol'a ghost," ililerruptcd Ilauntz/ aiarling from his scat; "mine frow speak nothing but Dutch, and she never said 'tcarest' in her life—il va-: always, 'Haunt?, yon tie ." or, 'Mil inlz, you iiriv shkniup." and the Dutchman hobblei from the room • e'd satisfied Ilia' Ihe "rapping spirits" wire all humbug, and that he was sale I mm any further communication with bis shrewish "fruw" ou this earth. 