NEW NORFOLK. ,, . ijlli April, 1854. (From our own Correspondent.) T " e ore J "St pctthitr aluu; in the u>u:,l manner; the lute p-uf.e, nkhough constant rams, with the mild .iriieispliere and daily sun. have been of great, benefit to sheep and cattle holders, Evcry^ing wciirs the aspect of sprint;. ' The Police Office business has been vat her light— nothingnf importance, save the drunkards' regular list, and n ieiv iinfomiuatc or c.ireless holders of tickets of leave, for nopleciingtoraport theniselves accordiii" to tlie government regulations. ° Provisions continue the same. Vlour. bread, aud liutchers' meat have undergoue no diaiine of prices. DEATH IIY HAXGING.—Au inquest was held on Monday last., before William Tarleton, l-.sq„ ami u most .respcetuhlc jurv. and ad- journed to this .lay (Thursday), nt. the bouse of Mr. Riehanl Thompson, the Union Inn. one of die old-fashioned comfortable liu^Lsh inns. <m the body of Samuel Hruee. an elderly man', who vas round hanging in his own house on S.t;ur,Iay (a;r, the U^nd instimt, ami it is supposed lie had been thus suspended for four or five day*previously. Thedeccased wasrjther an dicentric character, uud worth eousidcrable property, and live I Iiy Jiiiusell' iu a ucat, brick-built eo;t.i;re. stainlins on a portion of thro.-' acre.,' of cultivated land, his own property. adjoining to tlie properly of, and verv near Hie lesldaiei- or, Molesivorth Jcllerv, l''sq., of Bonriiehank, near New Norfolk, it was generally siioposcd the deceased to in possession of ,a considerable sum or money; about Hv.-iUy-threc pounds, iniiv has been found, auda portion of that outs, dcthe house. Several wimes.-es nero evamincd, bat their evidence w,int. merely in prove the singular liali.ts o[" the d.'ceascd. Ilamour, however, is so very l-ilc, that I cannot o'ni.t. to say that an undefined niioicioa eiists iliat viru'i'tliin"-is not right, 'liic constable who had ehaivv or the premises sin.c liio funeral stales he has heard strange noises at the witching hour of twelve." but could see liothinir. On one night he distinctly saw the deceased and two oilier persons with him. whose names be dues not know, but whose dress and persons he has seen. This may be all a ghost storr. Or it may not, Such things have' been : why not again : J A cricket match came off nu Wednesday, on the tJreen, between uiur ol the l-Vntun Forest Chili, nnd n'.ue of the New Norfolk (should hnve been eleven on each sidr), which was v.-on eas.ly by N'ew Norfolk. The steamer Cullodeu is now regular in lier trips. The bridge at the entrance to the township remains iu the same unserviceable condition as the ) ite floods left It. The sooner the dog registry monev is available the jctier; tho streets are getting but very had. Six o'clock^ |i.m. \ erdicl.on Samuel Bruce—'- Hung himself in n lit of temporary .usanity." The llaoliltou "road is" again rendered passable. • 