YirWFJR OF THE REV. DR. CAHILL. .CORRESPONDENCE BETWEEN REV. , PR. CAHILL AND TY/ENTY-ONE ? PROTESTANT CLERGYMEN FROM BIRKENHEAD. {-From ilia Liverpool Mercury, October Zbth.J ?TO THE REV. DR. CAHILL. a Mnmv-nlnr.p. 'Rirkenheacl. Oct. 19, 1853. Rev. Sir — As secretary to the local committee for -special mission to the Roman Catholics of ?this place, I have at a meeting held last evening, received the directions of the clergy of Birken liead and its neighbourhood to' write to you and :notify: their, intention-of calling on you publicly for proofs of your assertions in reference to the recent numerous conversions from- the Koman La jholic Church iirlreland: A reiteration .of charges^ proved to- be utterly 'unfounded and destitute of truth, -on several occasions (especially in the cor respondence1 between the Reverend Messrs. Wil beribrce;ahd Dallas, in which Mr. Wiiberforce withdraws all charges, against the west church missions in Ireland), might well have caused amongst us considerable surprise, were it not that we have been forced to confess, however un willingly, that popular controversialists on your ?side ?have ever seemed more anxious to sustain their reputations by ad captandum arguments than by a strict adherence to facts.. ? .1 beg to enclose a copy of the letter, which I ??hniro-.ti-ifs dav nrdoredto be minted, in reply to your own ! and sincerely hope that as you have, unprovoked by us, brought charges against our ohurch and missions necessarily calling for con troversy, you will not now.shririk from that public ?test of their truth which you must consider as the ?inevitable result of your own - acts of ? aggression. :t— I remain, Rev. Sir, your obedient servant, ' ?' Henry P. Linton, Secretary. ?Curate of Holy Trinity, and Divinity Lecturer at St. Ai dan's. ? : ''? .Copy of a public letter to the Rev. Dr. Cahill from the clergy of BirJcen'head. 'DR. CA II ILL'S LECTURES.' ? Rev. Sir. — Having publicly announced, by placard, that you arc to deliver lectures in this -town on the character of the Irish church missions -co Roman Catholics, and also on points of con troversy between the churches of England and Rome, we, the undersigned clergymen of Birkeu ?head and its neighbourhood, beg to make to you :the following proposals-: — 1st — If you furnish us witli definite charges -'against the Irish church' missions, giving names, dates, and other circumstances connected with your charges j we .undertake ,to. bring forward 'credible witnesses to disprove those charges, and ?to give you a public opportunity of proving your .assertions in the. presence of those witnesses. ? 2nd-- We. fire rc.a.dy, on our part, to appoint a -?*. Clergyman to meet you before the same assembly 'to discuss the points of controversy between -our 'respective churches. Having come amongst us with ,charges seri ously affecting the character of the united churches . 'of England and Ireland, and also assailing doc- , triiics which wo hold sacred, we feel assured that: the propositions which' 'we hereby make will be accepted as reasonable by all thinking men, suid we also hope that they will meet witb^your con currence. — We remain, rev. sir, your faithful scr ' vants. Andrew Knox, B.A., Incumbent of Birken head. S?'ry M.orn, B.A., 1 Curates flf St M -s W illiam Prince j Joseph Baylee, P.p., Incumbent of Holy Trinity. HenryP.Lmton, B.A,,|Curateg of rio] Henry I. Vernon, - Trinity. John P. Davios, j . Charles P. Hamilton, B.A., Incumbent of St. John's. . Richard Powell, B. A., Curate of St. John's. ' Richard Wall, M.A,, Incumbent of St. Ann's. George Salt, A.B.,, Curate of St. Ann's. William Cockroft, B.A., Incumbent of St. ' Saviour's, Oxton. Richard P.. Blakeney, LL.D. Incumbent of Christ Church, Claugliton. John E. Blakeney, B.A., Cu?ats of Christ Church, Claughton. B. Arthure, A.B., Incumbent of St. Catherine's Tr an mere. Richard G. Handcock, j CnTntesorStCathe \\\\\ wiv v I rine's, Tranmere. Arthur Willmk, f Pavid j; Hirsh, Minister of the German Church, Liverpool. Thomas Bell, B.A., Incumbent of Upton. J. William Welsh, H. M. Emigration Chap lain. ? B-K, CAHILL'S PRIVATE NOTE TO BSV. B. P. LINTON. Birkenhead, Thursday Evening, Oct. 20th, Rkv-Erend Sir.— On yesterday evening I have been favoured with your courteous note, calling . xay attention to the public letter of 21 clergymen *£ your church, and addressed to me. i assure you I feel rather happy in the distin guished position in which tho united communica l&en.of; so many eminent persons has placed so . Gamble an individual as I am ; and 1 trust I shall not, in my reply, depart '?from tho example ?which is set before ine in tho politeness of Vt-al? I may here state that their letter has been con ceived under some most unaccountable mistake, as I am not conscious at this moment of having said or written anything to justify -the position' they have taken. ' Will you kindly grant me the favour of not requiring the manuscript of 'my- letter, but be content with receiving the' printed' answer in the Mercury of next Tuesday. — I1 have the honour to be, reverend Sir, very respect fully, ? : D. W. C'ahill. DR. CAHILL'S REPLY. ; Saturday, October 22, 1 853. j. ' St.- Werburgh's, Birkenhead. | Reverend ? Sirs — I have acknowledged through your reverend ? secretary, your public letter to me, of last Wednesday's date ; and I feel 'bound1 to say that the courteous tone of your -3mmuniciition, combined with the numerous distinguished names attached to that document, demand from me the sincerest expression of grave respect. -1 shall at once enter on the subject of that letter, by assuring you of any entire surprise at what I must call, your most unwarrantable assumptions. Firstly then I did not come to this town, to deliver lectures ' on. the character of ? the Irish church missions ;' and secondly I have never either in this town or -in. any other town or city in these countries, lectured ki on the points of controversy between the churches of England and Rome.' It is my invariable practice, to explain and defend my ?own- doctrine against Protestant calumnies but never to discuss or ridicule the creed of others. Such & mode of lecturing is at once opposed to ray o ion feeling, and strictly prohibited by my ?superiors; and I have never in ?my 'numerous subjects departed from this rule, except occasi onally on one doctrine — namely, whenever I maintain 'the infallibility' of the Catholic Church,- as distinguished from 'the Bible' as a rule of faith. - You, gentlemen, have fallen into the common mistake of editors of anti-Catholic newspapers, and of some Protestant clergymen' who are continually calumniating me, and A,vho are really putting forth statements before the public, which in general and in detail are one unbroken, unprincipled, tissue of gross (arid I am compelled to ? say) malignant falsehood. I shrill now place before the public the placards which invited Catholics (not Protestants) to my lectures ; and the people of Liverpool and Birkenhead will thus, no doubt, form a correct judgment whether you have been justified (without reasonable data and without waiting for a reply from me) in fixing on all the walls of your city and neigh bourhood the letter which appears at the head of this reply. There were two placards as follows .; -; On Sunday, the I6fch inst., the Very Rev. Doctor Cahill will preach two sermons morning and evenings in St.- Werburgh's Chuxch, in aid' of the funds of the poor schools , of this parish.? - '-??? ;My subjects were — 1. The parable-; of -Dives;, and Lazarus.' 2. ' The casting out the dumb ? devil and the return of seven other devils worse than, the first.' The second placard was ? as follows :— ' And the reverend doctor will lecture in the same, church three evenings of the next week, viz., Tuesday, the 18th,' Wednesday, the 19th, and Friday* the 21st, on the following subjects : — ? '']. On mortal sin. 2. On tho triumphs' of the Catholic Church orer the world. 3. On Pro testant conversions, or the late attempt at refor mation in Ireland. ?? It must be borne in mind that your letter was delivered to me on Wednesday evening the 1.9th instant, that is, two whole days before 1 discussed my last subject. And now will you give me leave, gentlemen, to ask, how can you account, before 'the impartial decision of honourable, peaceful public opinion, for the clear, palpable, mis- statements of your letter? Where have!, as you say, -unprovoked,' committed an ' ag gression' on your doctrines ? — where have I ' attacked the character of the Irish church mission ?'— and, above all, how could you accuse me on Wednesday eveniny of charges which were to bo made on the folloioing Friday ! ? — how could you know on. Wednesday what I should say on the next Friday ! ? — and how could gentlemen of education, character, station, eminence, and, I shall add, punctilious, delicate honor, (which I -willingly admit) be guilty of de liberately writing and publishing statements, which you ought to know (by referring to the placards) were an entire falsehood. With your own hands therefore, you have written in large capitals your own blushing condemnation ; and if 'you had printed your names in red ink, it would be a more suitable colour to express the ridicule and scorn with which every one of you stands at this moment branded before the clear public decision. You would involve mo in diffi culties if you could, (a position in which I would not certainly place you or any one of you) ; and in your intemperate' precipitancy you have- over stepped common discretion, and you charged me with saying what I have never even intended' to utter. But, on the other hand, as you have the pecu liar logical talent of drawing conclusions without premises, who knows but you took it into your beads to think that 1 was -describing the genius of the Protestant church, while I denounced the rich rjhifctoti; ptjrhnps you imiiscivetly fancied, as I. shuddered aft tfio stwwiU Ytmv.ce v.-h:;;o ho \v«r i buried, sfcat 1 \rxs citfwc'isg r.hi: iV.i.ari3 condition ln\ 7--:«: avohM- rAor-owr.;.^; i-wi. that w'vite I un folded the rich drapery of purple and fine linen worn by Dives, or while I described the sumptu ous feast of the monster, as he gazed the while on' poor , starving ' Lazarus, ten to one but you have uncharitably understood 'inc- as painting your fat angel of Canterbury, or (what is more ungenerous) perhaps our own apostolic Tom of Dublin. And as you have the singular power of reasoning without any imaginable data, 1 'dare 'say you believed my description of the unfortunate man repossessed by the seven devils as entirely applied to the members of the Protestant Alliance of England ; and it is not improbable that, in your jealous zenl, you conceived my graphic' exposition of the evils of mortal sin as a mere allegorical subterfuge, in order to cover a pointed delineation of the doctrines arid practices of the reformation church. Gentlemen, you: have originated this correspondence without any -provocation whatever .on' my part, either directly -'or indirectly ; and I think- it will be admitted by the thousands who have seen the placards of my lectures and heard me during the past week,- that you made, two -un- becoming mistakes, first, in making . charges in a clear ignorance of your case, and secondly, in printing these charges without waiting for my reply. I have been particularly struck with the first sentence in Rev. Mr. Linton's letter to me, where he styles himself ' Secretary to Jthe Local Com mittee for Special Mission to the Roman Catho lics of Birkenhead.' This announcement lias led mo to inquire if the Catholics' of this' place had any connexion with this society ; ' and after a minute, and an accurate investigation amongst those, whose office and duties'1 enable them to form an unerring judgment,, I am instructed to say, that Mr. Linton's secretaryship is an office without a duty — a position without a. place, and that ' the mi'ssion to the' Roman Catholics' is something like the echo of- an imaginary sound. I have never read anything like this pompous announcement, except the inscription on the signboard of a London tradesman, who within, the last few years, placed over his door in large capitals, that he was ' Barber and hairdresser to her present- Majesty.' Now this announcement could only gull the mere, simple ignorant, as it is evident thai this man never will or never can shave the Queen! and therefore the Birkenhead puff is the only parrallel that can be drawn to the snowboard* of- the -absurd1 barber, since every man, woman, and child in this' parish knows, with a smile, that no Catholic here ever receives one particle of these, frothy missionary ministra tions/- ? ?' But under other circumstances it is notorious, that Catholicity supplies an abundant theme for the- pulpit harangues of these missionaries. The platform where you speak, the columns- of ,the English press where you write, the festivals, where you declaim, might- be' supposed to-giv'e a^ field wide enough for -the display of your zeal and talent, against the tenets, and discipline of the Catholic church ; but it is only in your pulpits, that your oratory acquires the full bulk and' growth of Protestant perfection, and where it is poured forth on all occasions in a devastating flood against the profession, and the name of what you are pleased to call ' Popery.' — The sober religious of your congregations, as I am credibly informed, -look in vain on the peaceful Sabbath for some words of, charity, from your reverend lips. ' They are deceived : there is only one subject at Birkenhead and Liverpool — viz., the errors of Popery ; your race, being still true to Mie. original instinct of your progenitry, still, still protesting against the existing forms of our worship, without adopting permanently any fixed symbol, of your own. These inflammatory speeches from your pulpits have produced the natural and expected result. Grace can never arise from calumny nor faith from falsehood ; and hence your churches are empty, your ranks are thinned, and your professional character is weakened. Your statements- are doubted, your assertions disbelieved, and while, I am prepared to concede to your honour (as a matter of course), the highest and most spotless truth, on all social, commercial and national subjects, I am reluc tantly compelled to say, that from your known, and unceasing deviations from strict statement, in matters connected with the Catholic doctrine and practices, it is now universally whispered and (without wishing to give the slightest offence), it is the familiar adage at home and abroad, throughout Europe and the civilized world,, to brand the statements of your church, in reference to Catholicity as ' unscrupulous, unprincipled Protestant lies.' And while you have forfeited the public confidence abroad, you have, beyond dispute, infidelized your own country at home. From undeniable statistics it is demonstratad, that one half the Protestants of Liverpool never attend church ; it is the same in Manchester and all the manufacturing towns ; the poor are never seen in the churches. The Times has lately stated that fifty persons are the largest number, known to attend worship in any church within the city of London on Sunday! Rev. Mr. Jones in his examination before a committee of the House of Commons has proved tho existence of forty-nine known conventicles of avowed -infi delity in London ; and he has demonstrated that Protestant labourers, and tradesmen &c.; : to the number of at least 300,000 in London and .the suburbs live and die without any' practical reli gion or any form of worship. In fact tho entire ecclesiastical Protestant records of this country prove at once the total failure of your church establishment, and publish the awful ex istence of a growing and wide spread infidelity ; and the impartial ecclesiastical historian, will yet' tell the sad truth, that this most deplorable na tional condition is beyond all doubt, to be ascribed to the teaching of the Protestant church, which by breaking down' all authority, removing the evi dences of all antiquity and taking away all checks from the heart, has flung the public mind on a troubled ocean of doubt, has unbridled human passion, and precipitated the national character into an inevitable demoralization; and a wild in fidelity! And not content with unchristianising' your own followers. your church has of late years, by a system of the most unparalleled vituperation and mis-statement attempted to undermine the faith of the Catholics of these countries, and thus involve our creed in one common ruin with your ' own. The very title under which your society has been organised contains ' in the first line a palpable and notorious- falebood. - It exists. on' tho assumption that the Catholic church withholds the Scriptures from her faithful, and it is set in motion under the pretext ot'distributing amongst; our people1 the word of God. This- assumption and this'' pretext are, without any exception at all, the most flagrant instance of unblushing im position which has ever been practised on the: public credulity at any period' of Christian history.. It is the wildest calumny which Protestant malignity has ever forged ; it is beyond all com parison the most unprincipled lie which English apostacy has ever promulgated. Now, mark me gentlemen, I disclaim uttering one syllable, disrespectful to you personally ; I have no reason to- entartain towards you, individually and col Iectively, any -other -sentiments' than those of exalted estimation ; ' but I again repeat my utter abhorrence of the flagitious system which lives on falsehood, grows fat on calumny, and claims the venerable spotless honours of sanctity from perjury to man and blasphemy to God. Beyond all doubt, there never was invented so gross a fabrication as the nauseating cant that the Ca tholic church has never encouraged the reading of the Bible. In the early ages she could not of course circulate the Scriptures with such efficiency as we can do at present, because, the art of printing was then unknown; but she alone collected them, she alone decided their- integrity, and their authenticity, the Protestant Alliance not being well known in those days ! she alone stamped them with her authority, without which they could no more vouch for themselves than a dead man could tell his name and parentage— she alone, like a witness before a jury, proved their inspiration before mankind : she alone by her infallible reputation obtained the universal belief in them ; and she alone preserved them amidst the wreck of the Roman empire, the convulsion of ages. and the changes of dynasties- and races, and creeds and tongues. The sickening cant of the beardless strippling clerics of the modern reformation conventicles asserting their claim to the Scriptures, is the same kind of humbug and imposition on the undiscerning mind of your dupes as if a green set of young English architects declared it was the Protestant Sir -Christopher Wrenn who built and preserved the Pantheon at Rome ; or that it was the present -London School of design which planned and kept in repair the Pyramids of Egypt! Of all the .instances of audacious, barefaced, cool, imperturbable insolence of Protestantism, their claiming the Scriptures, as preserved by them, and promulgated by them is the highest point of wicked, exaggerated, ex travagant, misrepresentation to which the in genuity of man could build up a lie. So uncea singly laborious, on the contrary, was the Catholic church in making copies of the Bible, th'at she kept the monks and the religious of all countries continually writing them ; and whoever will attentively consider for a moment the extraordi nary labour of making even one copy of the Old and New Testament ; whoever will visit awy ecclesiastical library, and count over the volumes of St. Augustine, 'St. Jerome, St. Chrysostom, and all the Greek and Latin fathers, and calculate then the difficulty of making unnumbered copies, of these Greek ponderous volumes; and whoever will, like a candid man reflect, that all the profane, and church histories of these days, all the sermons, all the works on piety were all copied, re-copied, and one thousand times copied by the monks of the Catholic church, the surprise of the generous man and the scholar amounts to a feeling of im possible expression, how the church could have been able to furnish copies of these accumulated biblical and classical, and historical works to every part ef the world, such as we know them to have' existed before the Christian' libraries' were destroyed and before the art of printing was dis covered.- And further to prove this statement, the moment printing was discovered, and made the vehicle, after many improvements, of commu nication between men, the Catholic church, no early as the year 1412 (almost immediately after the discovery of printing and paper), published the Latin Vulgate, at once to circulate the word of God, and that too in a language then most known to the whole Christian world. When the Scotch Sir Walter Scott lampooned the Catholic church for her want- of library facilities, in the middle age ; he might as well accuse King Alfred of ignorance for not using the electric telegraph, or charge; ;H an nibal with u.-blun.dcri-ng.^trategyjf.i'pr,' not 'rnipetin.g;..the1--Rpmanji }yith, artilleiy.'. -Tbe truth is, that -the present issue- of.tke.Times -newer paper,; at thefrate: of sixty ,copies in: .Qyeyy, minute by steam,, is not pn.c.whit .iwirq wonderful .in its way: tiiRn^ the- «)?n ^script .copying of . the Fathers andj the,. Scriptures in the middle- ages... by. the m.qnks, ', 'whp.suppiiod-th.fi Whole, world with as ^ariy; copies ns the skill,, of thousands of expert penmen could have ex.ecu.tecl.; . ...; fi -?.,?: .-In order to arrive. at the palpable .refutation in : this country qf this .reformation lie, I shall,, jnake j a. few- quotations for yo^,_ gen tlemcri, . whict i -I do not so much intone! for you (who already, know. j them so;:\yeli)'.as; for itheinu-rierous.. readers', who I wiil.isee this letter of mine, in every part ..of the known., world. ??_ ;: .;.:- ,,--?. ;^; !..-?;? '-.:?:.':':: H* :-? ' '. -* -'Aware. of; the . manifest r dangers. .-to -fsiith and I nlP,rals that, are found in corrupt versions. at the l- Bible .-'?,-;?'* Lij'i list i ?..?????? .* ., insidiously . issued i amongst; the. people ?.?,?'*-::! :.? -.; *;-.** ? -.-.. .'' . ^ i have not ceased to, deplore this great .evil, ^and to labour for, its correction.- .-It occurred. , to -iis,. that the publication .pf, genuine versions 4of iheifiulgate ? would, be- found amongst the most efficient rneans i to neutralise the poison of these counterfeit prp j ductions., . Accordingly) we approve of this edition of the. Douay Testament, .published, .by. Thomas Brannan of this city, and recommend it to' the faithful. ..*' ; ; ?:?**,'?.-'?'? . ' ;* . '.-.-? * : . ' John ARCiimsnop or To* am,' 'St Jarlath-s,Tuam^]Si6.' : ?:.'.'-; :.- _ :' This new and profitable edition of the Douay .Bible has-been . dilligently .and -carefully collated with the most approved; versions in the English .language, .previously to its .publication... ? I hereby , jj rsanction its circidation among tho: faithful. *... * I , .' Cp^'EWtJS, Denvir, Vp.D., - I .-?-?? - 'Bishop i.- of 'Down and Connor. f- ' ^felfi»t,'Ju]y24,;'l^2/'.;.-'.';; \y' ?'.'?[/, \ ; ; 'The new- edilionof the;English version of the J .Bible printed with our permission- by. Mr. James * I ,I).u|iyv- carefully collated ;by our. direction,, with. 1 .the C'ementine. X\ulgate, of; 1609 and, with, the; Kiienish version of the New Testament of J,oS2, .and with other- approved. English versions , wo, ; .by, pur authority approve ; and we declare, the ? same may.be read by the faithful 'with great % spiritual profit. ; .*...,- , .?;.- , ? ? ? ? ?_.-;?;-. : .- j; .... .-..., „-,..,' t-. : Murray. -; ,?'/ Given ^ at [Dublin, Npve.mberv4-, 1S46VV ; : ?. Extract of a letter; of P;Ppe, Pius, the. Sixth,. to .Anthony Martini, Ai'chbishop of Florence, in the year i 77S :— - _, . .-._??*. r%; .?-.:?,- ' ,; . ...„? ? ?;??. . :[K; : ;' At a, time, when :-a-T vast; mnltitude;:pf. bad books, which grossly attack the Catholic religion . are. circulated. eyeiv amongst the unlearned,; you ?judge exceedingly well, that the faithful should be excited to the .reading the holy. Scriptures; for ?these are themost abundant sources, which ought to be left opm to every one. This, you have seasonably effected, by -publishing the sacred writings- in the lunguage-of yoiir counti-i/, suita We to every one's' capacity. We therefore ap plaud your eminent learning, and we return you our due acknowledgments. / ,.,-.. . 'Philip ByoxA2iici, Secretary. HCajends of April, lTTS.;1 :: ' For proof of the above extracts I beg to. refer you to Mr. ? Rockliire, the eminent. bookseller of -.Liverpool, who will place these editions in your :.-. hands, with at least ten other editions, of the Bible in England. I refer you again to Mr. James Duffy, the eminent bookseller and pul} ..lisher of Dublin, who I dare say will show you at least twelve different editions of the Bible in Ireland. I again wish to inform you, that there are forty-seven different editions of the Bible, .published in Italian on the Italian peninsula :. and ! .1 beg in addition to tell you. that in France there j are one hundred and twenty-six different editions ! of the Bible, published in French, within the! last three hundred years,, since the art of printing i has been found put. And now '-gentlemen of; the home mission, for distributing Bibles amongst the Catholics of Bir.kenhead' will you satisfy the. ! public on tlie -mu-ajity of organising a society! founded oiv a lie, known, to every Catholic ill England, Ireland, and Scotland ; on a. lie per fectly understood in every Catholic country in Europe ; a lie denounced .by the very first pr'inci I -.pies of the Catholic c-lmrcli, and contradicted by f the extracts I have made. by. popes, bishops, 1 and the public historical facts of your own || country.. No men. of honour and conscience, | except yourselves, can understand how in the ! teeth of the most notorious facts you can ascend your pulpits, and there promulgate before. your unfortunate congregations- what 'all the. Catholic I world. kniAvs to be the grossest- mis-statement I ever yet uttered on any one subject between man | and man, in any age or in any country. This is I the conduct which hss .earned for your church I the character, all over the world, of. unblushiusjly ! uad unscrupulously asserting anything, however |{ unfounded, provided .it, raises a in omen ran- hosti I lity against the Catholic church ; end it is a prao i\ tiee, too, which has led. the impartial historian of k your dav to say that of ail. the Christian inhabi | t.\nts of the ciyilizad world-, there is no one nation | on earth kept in such a fatal ignorance of Gud's I real gospel «vs the Protestants of England. Your ! bishops write pastor.iis by which the clergy can believe what they please ; prime ministers issue ecclesiastical appointments, which sustain men in adding or 'curtailing any doctrines they like ; i and the preachers publish such lectures as induce | the laitv to follow r.ny imaginable creed they mar fancy, tp .-adopt.. ?The.'; most fashionable, and . the most, .modcriv phase which your cameleon church has .assumed, is what is termed ' believing on the .Saviour.V,, . And. in fact these words are uttered. .'in.. such, a strange vague signification, thatj;. your- [Protestant saints seem to think that' belief m .the -mere existence of Christ is an inspired act of .heroic Protestantism : ,and it is impossible . to avoid, feeling that they .imagine the historical \ belief, in his. . existence aiid person, ranks .far i higher, in : their Christian ^estimatip'n .than. the. precepts of his iaw)r the^ . .definitive, .conditions \ of, his revelation, -.or.jthe expressed reipards_and 2?1ewaZWcs.of,hisj.udgmeiits. Depend .lipqn it,. Pro- testantism can .;no -.longer : .deceive even your own dupes : it is dejected1, exposed andscputed \yiierever mankind are free from national acerbity; and p.r.p- ; fessional .bigotry. . ,.; Austria, Bavaria. Northern; Italy,,. Naples, France1. ?Spain, Portugal, , a,ll know,, the spirit of Exeter Hall, and feel .fully -..the -revo- lutionary. antichris;tian , genius, of , your . creed;;; and. never, since Xuther-first lifted, the standard of. apostacy .has. Catholic Europe entered into, such a' iunited defensive : compact, as .she.-has. adopted since the, famed year '.4-T against the , intrigues, tb.e;,nia chiuations, and the conspiracies of your insatiable and ;. exterminating. ? novelties. : 7 .If pui; jopponents were men of honesty, in controversy, ? they .would state the. fact, namely that the Catholic-.. church ^encourages . the circulation of her . own, version of the Scriptures, but that she- strictly prohibits the Protestant .yersionSj because _ they contain^GOO errors in'grammatical^aceuracy, in. se\nse,.- and:in doctrine.— -And besides, these errors the Catholic Church ..has an . ob'jectisn that your, missionaries should. call, on our people, even to distribute, pur own version, as- experience has proved. that .wher ever they, go -amongst Catholics, they are unceas ingly ridiculing our worship, . mis-stating ,our principles . and practices,.. andi;, ever i.and, ahyays calumniating our clergy,. and our conventual so ?cieties.. ;,;:?.,;, ,;, .- ..-.,! - /-????-?:.?;?.. :??: ,.. It is not., true. th,en,. that our people; are not taught the, Scriptures, or..are,not aiio.wed.the use of the, Scriptures.: our people are. taught: their doctrine by. .the. teaclieri, with - (not.. without) the Scriptures-. in:,itbeir. hands. , . ' Tour:, -people ,ape taught .their- creeclby their own j udgment on these Scriptures.' The difference .between us lies, in tlrc teachers ; and we believe that ;. the.. entire :S.acred volume furnishes no o-ther position, stronger than the one on \yhich we.-rest;Uiis doctrine ., of ours. There. neyer was a.. legal document drawn; with such; consummatexqmprehensiye.provisipns,. as the warrant from Christ by' which we believe in o.u-p' official essential, character as teachers. We believe no one .can infallibly learn Christ's law. withqu-S our teaching ; and we. believe that the very pro visions of. the: divine revelation, itself are npt more forcibly, expressed and urged than our legal and essential appointment. ..?'We. do not believe that', the teacher. raijks as-high^ as the thing taught ; ? but we believe that, according- to the clear legisla tion of Christ on -the. subject, the- thing to. .ibe., learned cannot be - securely .taught .without, the ; agency of: the. accredited minister ; or can never be: duly acquired by individual unofficial judgment. ; ?Tlie doccument of . appointment .on this subject is the finest piece of' ; legislative jurisprudence pub-; lished in the sacred volume. ? . ;e,. , i 1. The appointment and the Source of the: power — ?' As the Eathersent pie, I send you.' . \- 2; The knowledge , requisite to .discharge the duties — '??.All things whatsoever I heard from the' Tather I have made known to you.' ... ? ! 3\. The office to be discharged—': Go ,ye into: the whole world and preach ike gospel.' ' ? . 4. The subjects of their jurisdiction—' Go ye and preach the gospel to every creature.' t ,.._. . 5\. The extent of territory subject to their duties . — '-; Go ye into all nations.' - . .. , ,: . 6. The authenticity of their appointment,, and the obedience* to be paid to them — 'He who hears you hears me,' ?? ..... , .. .. ; : |. ?? The crime of not hearing and obeying them — :t! He who despises you despises me.' ...... ? . S. The rewards and penalties attached to their authority — 'Go ye and preach * f' *, and he that believeth shall be saved, and. he that j believeth not, shall be damned.'' ; . - j. 0. The security, 'which is attached to the clis I charge of their office — ' Lo ! I am with you.' 1:1 0. The term and tenure o' their office; — ' All j days even to the consummation of the world.' . I 1 1.( The legislative bond of Christ, like a legal security to all men, as a guarantee, that these i. officers so appointed can never violate their trusc ! to the public — ' And the gates of- hell shall never | prevail against it.' ........ | * 12. The presence of the Holy Ghost as; a fur j ther security to the performance of their duties— '? I will send the Holy Ghost, the Jspirit of Triuth, who will bring to your recollection aH things whatsoever I told you, and who will abide with you for ever.'' In the foregoing section of this letter.! .have \- merely glanced at what may be called the icgis j lative enactment under which the Cathqlic church I holds her office of Godlike, universal, .boundless, ; pernuvaeut. imd infallible teacher of men in the | law of the Saviour. 1 'assure you, gentlemen, I ; have often read over this commission in.astonish \ ment, r.s a mere . product of legislation ; and I ; hav« arrived at the conclusion in' my own heart, i my own mind, and my own soul, that there, are j no passages in the entire last will and testament I of our, Lord, put .forth with ;.eyen so, much, cm I y ha tic log.%1 e^.riy. stress and liter?.! energy, as the comprehend ve provisions : .which , place . -in , ,,the , hands , of duly appointed men the.wjiole PQwer of, teaching and deciding Christ's law., _; There, : is : decidedly no evidence in faypu'r of the very ex istence, of Christ or in support, of,- the very atone ment on the cross, which ranks, higher., .in testir mony, than the clauses in reference to t.he subject hejore^us-^and-henc^^ cisely.pn ajeyel, in point of essence and necessity, with any other .provision of God's, gospel. And1 beyond all;do;ubtvif J could ; be, .made to believe' that a)l|jtiier;prqvisipns,. and .legal, statements, ancl high -constitutional enactment's: ?. which;, ??.;!- ;.have' 'quoted, had .all,-.. failed, fallen, iinto disuse, .and ceased to be! ne'Qessary^or essential : I' tellvypu frankly, gentlenien,. that , the character of^the.-rest o_f the;volume,, tiie : reputation ; of. the remaining, '.provisions, thei.-eyidenc.e,of;ail./;th.e'i qtherv clauses of, tHe;wiil, . wpuki.be :so-mu'ch lessened, damaged, and iii^eed ;fprfeited, that I could- have^decidedly no reasonable, motiye for relying; on :onQWord of the .rest ,, of' the. Testament., ,/iryq.u-talve .away; credit ifrom the; sincere, ' serious, ..didactic legal passages,, .which. ,1 , ha ve ^ add u.ced , . I p ublicly ? avow that.I;cpuid not be a Christian.;, and hence I pre sume to:sayHwith. St.- Augustine, ';that I am held to .the. doctrines, of '. Christianity, only by the' authority -.of, the CatJiplic ^church...'; ._.. ? . ^..--.^ ? ^.Gentlemen, will you kindly excuse;; this .long' letter, to .you. ;j I beg; to .express^ agair^my^. un- feigned respect for ..you,., alth.ougfe;L.dq.tiiink:yqu have-not, used.-ni^.^ell, in the indiscreet.. precipir ,tate, unfounded-, public* letter you jiaye. written to me. ..j ..pity, , you ;,all . much. in_ the .unchristian .mission. in -which;' you are engaged.^ You can no .more teach the .truth, . than .1 . can teach .jalsehopd. jYou-are doomed to. a permanent error, by the .very-same, evidence by__which I .am appointed to essential .truth . ? Yq,u: must be for eye,r ; wrong by .the very selfrsame., laws, by which I am for .ever' right. ^,1 act .. under a. cqmmissipned., authority/ ?you speak .from , a seif^apppinted-intrusion^and by the very same bond, by ,..wh.ic& Christ is- bound ; . always to .set. ..Tight the^ Catholic, church,- pre cis.ehr ;on; ,;the same clause if follqvrs, that ; ypu-r local /.modern conventicles, must be,, thrqugh.all cpniing ages, and -unborn a time, permanently ' wrqng.^r|_ha:ve .the honour to be, reverend1 Sirs, your- obedient servant?, - .,...* ... '.,??? P.S.— rAsJ.'shail, leave Birkenhead tOTmpirqw for , the -n^tii, pi , England,, and', as, you have gra tuitously- commenced, this correspondence,,^ jb'eg1 .to ,say,i ..with-. the Jughest Respect, that^I cannot, attend to any -.valued comm unication ? with whiah ; you may condescend to favour me in future. 