WESLEYAN MISSIONARY SOCIETY. The annual public meeting of the Wesleyan Missionary Society was held last evening in the Wesleyan Chapel, Collins-street. The chair was taken by H. Langlands, Esq., who expressed the delight he had felt in acceding to the request that he would do so. When he was first honored with the invitation, he thought of refusing it, but he assured the audience that it was from no want of sympathy with the object for which they had met. The proceedings commenced by singing the 693rd hynb from the Wesleyan Hymn Book, —"Head of the church, whose spirit fills;" after which the Rev. M. Eggleston offered prayer. The Rev. J. S. Waugh then read the following REPORT. ' 7he Commlltco of tho Auxiliary Wesloysn Mis .ioriary Society for the Victoria distrlot of tha Wetloiau Missionary Society, again present their Annual Itctort for the information ol their friends vwho by their contributions help to forward the great oause of missions. It affords them peculiar vatiFfnollon, ana elicit« their fervent thank], plvlrf; to the Great Henel of the Church, who ali ipose« ilio heart« of mon, to nnnounoa at this amil, ?»cleary that tho fund» of the l'aient Suoloty «till continuo to bo liberally sustained. This uro ve« that tho oauso lias excited deep interest In tho Ttcarta oftho clirlattnn public, who aro desirous, ol' fulfilling tho will and Word of God: whloh Word «teolaro» that the Ileathon slinll bcoomo tho lnho »llunoei oftho Jle-iwlali, and tho uttermost part« ot She earth lila possession. The Comralttco caimet, in jus'lee to this Sioly onuir, refrain from announcing to tholr Jrlcnd« that tit« reeolpts of the society np to the »riel of tho lint yenr wcro considerably In advance «if theprovlousyear, amounting to£lll.000; also at Uio llrltlsli Coulerenoo, when thu stutlatioa of abo church minn bera wcro taken, It ivas lound that there was an increase of moro than taclvo thou« rand number« on tho foreign station«. The lu «rrssn or merin», by the blessing ofQod, ha« pro- duced an enl«rgcmont of tha mlsslonsry work ¡ und though every Christian heart must bo rojoloc-j a\t what has bren accomplished, yet " there re. Waliicth very much land to bo possessed." " Tlio harvest truly I« plenteous- tho laborers are fow.1' Hie friends of the mlíBlonnry^ntcrptlso uro refer, tod for fuller detail« or tho progress oftho work ti> Hie |i lblloutlon« or tho Parent Society, suoh ni tim »ls.tunury notices, tho quaricrly papers, »nd tho ItiporU j and they are confident that tho perusal of these.doouments will convinco every render er the vast 'Importance and oxtent of this work. This lulof report will present 110 more than mi outline oftho vaut uit'ulouary Held occupied by tho agents «if this society. Ueglonlng with Kurope, wo first refer to Iroland. Where, exoluslvo of the regular minister« statlonod «in clrou.lt«, th ro ero twenty.four missionary min liters, who labor cbli-tly In remote dlatrlot« of the country nnrt among the llonmn Catholic popula, lion. Til« Moer ulan Weah') an Missionary Ho «.ioty contribute about £0100 annually to tho P.i kui Society's funds. As franco has recently bren pincott Inn now rrclp'lastlcnl position by tho constitution of a Mntlminl (JonfiTcnco, it onnuot any longer with yroprlutT bo vmbrnocd Inltlio soolcty's report«, jt t«, ' howeivvr, cheering to leam that the j,ruupiotii of tha Now Connexion are ol' ii snisi animating character. In tho south of Xtflnco rn oitemilvo revival or religion has takoil piree. 'Hie Vreneh Confuronco has already oom .nteiiocdrolMlouur» operations in Italy, tho funtlt liebig nunnlli'il by tho Metllodlstlc Vnlsoonal Hoddy at Now York. 1 hey have their agents also successfully laburlng among the Wuldeuscs,-that Siitrrrxtliig portion oftho Hook of Christ. The mission In Gibraltar i« prosperous, nnd hil «taring the jo»r been Instrumental in thooonvur. »lou ni several lnillvldunls of tho Spanish popula, alen. -Mr ii tiller roiiorts an incroaso of mumban In the kingdom of wurtcmb.r* In Oonnnny. I Fussing to Asia, we find tue missionaries lu Ctylon report« good ili'gioo of prosperity, This Js the olifent Wcsloynn mission among ii hcathoii Imputation in tbo Kasteru world, having boo a «x uiinnnoed in the your IBU. On tim continent ol India tho tulnsloiiarle» havo takcu during the yo« iiry extensivo tour« fur prouhlng, and I'jr the tlieirlbutlon of rollginu« tracts una book«. Kyri, xiliriihmln couvert, Abrnhum, n poojiu, a «iori ileer.- «nd other» who «ro preparing fur futii'e titi'lulitoi«, might bo meutloned u« the lrult« ol 3i.le.ri lliii« bastoivcd. A rolitforainioiit of our lil Olnii mission lim boon mudo by tho appoint, jijnt of Mr. Hodson «ud othor« to labor lu tint sttnslre region, willoh contains ono-stxlliol our I re,nil Under llrltlsli Government, 'Ilio new mission to Cniuu take» a prominent (litt-betarotlio eye of tho Ohrlstian publlo. ThU , it it cinylro Is bol loved lo "ooutalu ono.third ul ' II (human ruco, under ono govorotnont, »iulo»n. a 1 it, of wuotMawlnif v ou«. wtlttf u > tMigaaif," Chullan missionaries hare net,leered in rain, andthe church or Christ U looking towardsUuiV tani^f .«iaim. «J_.de*p«nini UteWt.:-Those be»! acquainted with the insurrectionarriaove "envin China are «»nonlne m to lu tendencia« andlresulU.- three additional' missionaries ara, fortiwlth to rolnforee the dovoted band airead». labtrlng in that part of the mission field. Tie work in both Southern ned Western Afrloa li ¿scribed a« being " in a healthful condition,'» andthe Lord ia adding numbers to Illa Charon. Moif that in Cafferland the tumult« and horrors I warhave passed away, the good cause is gaining crowd. lithe West Indies many of our most devoted andsucccBsful missionaries have been cut doivn by t: o pestilence that walkethvin darkness, and bj/ thctestruotton thatwaeteth at noou.duy. Hau. Ure* of our people have been swept away ty pluaie, but the awful visitation has been bless d to tie splr tual good of the survivors, and hundred» hove been brought to God. . ..... In British North Amoríos, embracing both the Cánidas, Nova Hoetlo, New Brunswick, the oxwn «ive torr!tory of the Hudson'« Bay Company, and newfoundland, the society ocoupîc« very numar. ou« ind Important station«. The field of Itbor is cxtcnt-lve and the spiritual state of the mission« is ofaveiy gratifying character. Herc,o«inoth r ports of the mission ground, considerable atten- tion ho« been devoted to the training or native agent«. It ia interesting to observo tint moutures are now in progress for erecting tho mlisloa churches of New Brunswick and Nova Scotia int» an indepmdent conncxion^having a eonfercaos of it« own. > ... Last bat not least in importaneo and interest, we glance at the work in Australia and the Poly- nesian groups of the South PaolOs. Wherever wa look we ice what dod hath wrought, and that tho field« art white unto the harreat. This audience will be interested in learning that the messuro« for the establishment of an independent Austra- lian Coaferonce and Connexion now appear t > hove reached maturity, and that in the ooursj of a few months the hitherto mission ohurohes of the Australian colonie« aro to assume a new coole slasttcal position, undertaking nt the sams time ths support and management of the mission work in the numerous island» of the great Pacific, Hence ron li Australia a« a missionary region cease« to have a aloco in the Report of the Parent Society. That noble institution will seek other spheres of enterprise and triumph, and the Australian con. neotion. true to the missionary character of methodum, will seek to extend the gospel to the regions beyond. This important measure ii oim. mended to the prayers of the telenas of ruothodlsm nnd of religion generally. Frem this brio? «ketch it will be seen that the Wesleyan Missionary Society carrie» on its evan- gelising operations in many and widely distant lands. Its agent« are found scattered amongst the of tho society number 5oS, and the other paid «gents-such as catschlst« and schoolmaster«-ar« "ore than 70". The accredited church mam. hers are 110,000, and upwards of 80,000 children attend the BchoaR Eight printing establish-«ntl are sustained on the foreign stations oi the society, Vihicti powerfully aid ia the diffusion of evangéli- co 1 truth. Wo should be worthy of oenmre, «hould this re- port conclude without ono referenoe-a reference of a deeply affecting character. By a singular o >. incident»», on the very day when the last anniver- sary meeting of the Parent Hociety wa» held in Exeter Hall, one who had been accustom»«, to attend without interruption at these annual aloa. slnns for a lang «erie» oi years, and who bad woat te thrill that vast audience with hi« eloquent «. peal«, and who among »ho numeran» «uoeeural and long.trlid friends and advocates of this society. stood like 8aul among hi« brethren-the head and «boulders taller,-on that very day tbo Teaerabls end Itev. Robert Newton entered into his Mastir's Joy. He had preached and travelled and solicited mere than any living man for the society. He t« not, for God took him. All honor to the sainted dead I Tho illustrious fathers of the London Mil rlnnsry Society; who first gsvo it shspe and organ, (ration, are now almost all gone to their reward. Diehard Watson, Adam Clarke, Robert Newton, sie gono, and the one or two who remata ihill »oon be gathered home, (tar fathers, where are they J and the Prophet«, do they live for ever ? Way the spirit of these Joshua« and Calebs or our spiritual Israel descend to their «accessor«, se that instead of the lather« may be the children I But though flod burle« his workmen, He carriel on his work. Ho is coming forth from his pisos, and claim» tbo kingdoms as his own. The Church tins not '-prayed nor labored in vain." Hopeful signs abound. Mahammedanlsm la shorn of its strength; tho mystical Euphrates is drying ap before our eyes -, IlomanUm, however boastfal and tyrannous at some point* of the ctreaafe renco over which she «prend« herself, ii manifestly week at the centre.- Paganism lias but few devotedly attached and intelli- gent supporters : '- It waxeth old. and Is ready to vanish away." " Jehovah's arm has awoke, and put on strength," and now Hi« voice is heard de- manding tho vigorous co-operation of Ills people. "Awake, awako, put on thy «trenath, O Zion I" May the universal church boendued with crace to como forward to the help of the Lord-to the help of th» Lord against the mighty: and then the day of complete triumph cannot be long delayed, when the Divine Redeemer «hall reign over a bleod saved und happy world. ArsrniCT nr mr Accocjcr«.-Total raised ia the colony. In the lent year, for tho Wesleyaa Ml», rlonary Society, £1002 Ha 3d., coatributed al fel- low«: £ l. d. Mel bourn o . 085 4 t» Collingwood ... .;. ... 07 It I ficción«: . 373 3 t Brighton . SS l8 1 Port Fairy . 19 II . ion u s Tlie Rev, Mr. Jarrett wai then called upea te novo the first resolution, That tho repor- now read be received, and that Mhilc this meeting would express its devout I gratitude to God for the success »f the Gospel, it voulil recognise the duty nt fervent prayer for a more copious effusion ni the Holy Ghost upon the agents or this and kindred missionary societies. Tho reverend gentleman observed that he would ttko tho opportunity of expressing the pleasure lies had In addressing them, and the sym- pathy ho had with the object In view. It was a quest ion moro curious than profitable to inquire wlint were their feelings on that occasion ; but he hoped thor wcro not tinctured with selfishness, for no feeling was maro opposed to Christianity than selfishness. Their cause rented upon the in- junctions of our Saviour. If they would freely receive, tiley must freely give. If It were asked where was tho sphere of their labor«, lie nnsworod the Held was tlio world. Wliorovcr there were men cnnablo nf receiving the Gospol, there must thoy ndmlnistor it. Ho hailed with Îlcnsuro tho proposed independence of the Umrchd in these colonie«, and begged to move the resolution which ho had read. The Rev. Mr. BICKFORD was reminded of the pleasure he had felt when on the platform in London previous to his departure to the scene of his missionary laborw, where so much good had been done. Their present object was two-fold, Firstly, it was the duty of those who supported the resolutions to give all the information pos- sible on the subject before them. Secondly, It was their duty to raise the necessary funds. He approved of the proposed plan of independence and anticipated much advantage from it. The rev. gentleman detailed at some length his own ex perience in the several West India colonies, par- ticularly with regard to the Islands of St. Vin- cent and British Guiana. He entered also Into the question of slavery, and excited his audience by relating examples of its effects. He was re- joiced at the information in the report, that they were about to obtain independent ecclestical jurisdiction. He was of opinion that they were too much elated by success, and too much de- pressed by temporary disappointment. It was a happy thing to hear of success ¡ but It was still better to deserve it. It was all very well to pass such a resolution as the one before them, but he questioned whether they felt It as they ought. There was a deal of sentimentalism con- nected with the missionary cause. There was a great difference between the theoretical and the practical part of the business. He then described the feelings which were naturally excited uponi leaving home on missionary duty,and affirmed that nothing but the consciousness that they were doing their duty to God could support them In the trial. He would support the resolution. Tin» Chairman put tlio resolution to tlio moot- ing, which wai carried nsw. ron. Tlio licv. Mr. HILL moved tlio second roso h.linn, 1 hat the providential opening» In hull«, Chin«, and otlur places, may be regsrdcil as an Imp«- i retlvo call upon the Church to husband her «source«, and employ thom in Kilfinin* Hie tri. dint designs or her great Head in the evangel!»«, tlt.n oftlio world. I Ho liad hoard something that night of tlio Mil ce is of theil- missions i but they must nat forgit the work they hail to do. It wau! I rtqiilro all their onorglos. The resolution re- minded him that Inilla and China mere opMied for ralm-loimry enterprise. They bail dono comparatively nothing In those empire«, ?is yet, although they lind some pioneers there, who hail dono something towards itrlklng a blow- ut Paganism. Tlio rerorrntl gi-iitlouuu concluded by a description of the various Pagan wet»! and reminded those present tint they wcro aniwrrablo for tho roany millions of soul» tiltia enslaved, They mult use tlio Mino instru- ment willoh lind mado Great Britain the envy ol' nations,-they must spread the Gospel. The Kov. Mr. DUKUOWS seconded tito resolution, and eloquently advocated tlio caine of Christian mission». Ile entored Into some iwrtloulari connected with tlio conversion of . chief In tlio Fcejce Island». He approved of tho plan of the proposed Australian OonAireuoo, .ad hoped that the resources so much needed would bo forthcoming, TheCIIAUtMAN; Inputting the resolution, ."plained that Dr. Cslrnis engagements lied pre- vented hla attendnnoe that evening. The resolution was carried unanimously. Atthli »Uaoof the proceeding! lèverai nor ?dm had left tho chapel. _The"_V. Mr. "GGLK8TON hoped that new who wore compelled to leave would a»t tarjet.thc plato at the door, He had roana that .égaler who waipreeont had.uewre kev_|,left SSS*,«"» on too plate at' tht 0«a-ualitt »M* They hoped to i_slMMér«AMrMI«i round to ranko collections; tjut.h.0 did uefc.su» i ,po»o that thoy would be a» successful as ia formar ^yeeJrs» > »-* - * -v - -~ ... <\- . A ooUeotion was thoa naide which amounted to the] sum of £42 09. 3d. this sum Includ- ing one of £10 13s., which had been ooev ttibutcd by an individual who had It laid by la accordance with thorecomrucn dation in Proverbs, 3rd obapter, Uth vorae. . , The Uov. Mr. 8COTT moved the third re solution : That tho thanks ofthls meeting bo prcionted to tho committee, officers, and ceueators far th Ir aervlccB during tim post year, and that the follow- ing be tbo commit too and otneers for tho ensuing jear:-'lim Wcsltyan Ministers of the Distrio", Messrs. W. rowell, J. R. Pascoe, P. Ceoke, O. Parnham, Robinson. W. Little, Guthridge. Parker, K. Mttlc.Ur. Phillips, and Stevens, wita tho Eccretarlcn and Trouuror« of the eranchaoclotlo«, M lth power to add to their number, bee-rotary, llev. John Kgglsaton; Treasurer«, Hoy. W. Butteis and A. Fraser. Esq. Tho REV. J. C. SYMONS seconded the resolu- tion. Tho CHAIRMAN put tbo rosolutioa to the meeting, and It was of courso carried. Tho KEV. Mr. EGGLESTON moved . voto of thanks to tho Chairman for lil» kindness lu acting, anti the ability with whio1! lio had fulfilled tho office of Chairman. Ha thought they ought to be much obliged to a gen tlcman belonging to onothcr persuasion, who notwithstanding tho pressure of business, declared his willingness to ebllgu them. A Itovcroud Gentleman upon Ilio platform seconded the resolution, which was again carried. Tho Chairman acknowledged the compllmont, renowlng tho assurance that ho was happy ia obliging thom. Tho doxology and prayer then follow ed, and closed tho proceedings. (It transpired that the amount of tho oollor lons after tho sermons on Sunday Igst was u as Uian £18 Sa. Cd.) 