ST. PATRICK'S DAY AND DR. MAN NING'S PREACHING AT ROME. {From a Correspondent of the lelegrapli.); The festival of St Patrick was celebrated at the Convent of S. Isidoro last week, with the usual solemnity, and a congregation more than usually large, owing in a degree, no doubt, to the attrac tion of the sermon announced as to be preached by Dr. Manning. The church was decorated, oh the walls near the High Altar, with scarlet dra peries ; Hign iviass was sung oy monsignor Cataldi, a young ecclesiastic, whose fine voice ex cited admiration ; and the choral music was exe cuted in superior style by professional, singers. After the second Gospel the preacher ascended a pulpit prepared expressly for the day, and ad dressed an. audience which had been continually, increasing during the service, almost, indeed, beyond the capacities of a not very large church. I have before mentioned how deep the impression produced on F.nglish congregations in Rome by Dr. Manning's sermons ; but on this' last occa sion his powers were displayed more strikingly than on any previous occasion. The discourse had its bearings on dogma, on ecclesiastical biography, and popular history. Dwelling at the commence ment upon the contrast between the. personal feebleness and the mighty performances, the en during influences of great saints, he instanced the examples of St. Benedict, St. Thomas Aquinas, and St. Ignatius. He then expatiated on the scriptural and historic evidence of the continual presence in the Church of the Holy Ghost ; and the belief in this he showed to be essential for the perfect apprehension of Christianity, its rejection a fundamental error, introducing a principle of con fusion, and alienating from the inheritance of bles sing. Never within my recollection have I heard this argument so finely sustained or convincingly vindicated. Dr. Manning then passed in review the leading events in the life of Patrick — his cap tivity, a feeble youth, the land he was destined to evangeiise-r— his endurance and love of suffer ings, to a degree contrary to all tendencies of humanity, because it was that Divine Spirit 'that sustained him. A eulogium on the Irish cha racter was introduced as a sequel — than which nothing could be more gracefully expressed, . and which might have satisfied the patriotism of. the most enthusiastic lover of tflie country addressed. Generosity, fidelity, purity, and largeness of heart were designated as the distinguishing virtues of Ireland ; and this fairest, this saintly, island, ;it was observed, might be considered eminently the example of those virtues and graces springing naturally from Catholicism. How (the preacher asked, in a passage of truly poetic boauty) might it be appropriately presented in ideal imagery ? by one of those pictures of the old devotional masters, where we might have a calm and lovely landscape for back ground, on one side a group of holy men discoursing on sacred things, on the other apostolic missioners teaching to convert, in the foreground a multitude receiv ing the sacrament of Regeneration from a vene rable pastor, and in the centre a glorious vision of the Redeemer enthroned among angelic choirs, his Mother near Him ! The Nonnrtn rule had set its iron heel upon Ireland a century later than on England — that race which wherever it has gained power, in Britain, 'France, Naples, Sicily, has waged war against the. Church, and always endeavoured to substitute secular for spiritual influences. In a passage of arresting eloquence, that might deserve to be, cited among the beauties of English literature, Dr. Manning asked how; without presuming to set limits to the operations of grace, or determining the manner in which Providence apportions their destiny to nations-^how might a people be most effectually degraded, deprived of moral dignity, or weakened in the sources of vitality ? .By destroying their hallowed institutions, desecrating or annihilating their sanctuaries, driving from their honoured seats those most revered in authority, and intrude ing the alien, the adversary. in principle and pur pose. Thus, had Protestantism been carried out 'in' Ireland ! The. contrasted pictnres of. the re pose and concord prevailing. in people united by-', faith, and a land where, hostile systems have been violently intruded, were dwelt on with ; details effectively introduced, speaking to the eye as well as thoughtof the mind. Butit was not (concluded f lie preacher) to be feared as a possibility that the faith should be eradicated in Ireland.. Nothing was more vain than the boast of extinguishing, first the Celtic race by emigration, afterwards its religion by a hew Reformation. As easily might the sun csase to shine, as Catholicism be extinct in Ireland, notwithstanding all insiiluows attempts to seduce,. notwithstanding the detestable -efforts lately witnessed to induce. ? by appeals toman's lower nature, his abandonment- of the. priceless treasure— make him sell for bodily nourishment the heritage, of God 1 No . one race (it was- .ob- served) bad extended missionary enterprise so far as ... Ireland's— no other co-national compa^ of saints hid left such wide spread trace3 of zeal and religious successes; and the very names of aunstles from this land- remained to this day,'in .. distant regions, to attest ; their holy triumphs. This sermon was much too long, and highly finished to be treated with justice, in a brief abstract; and, suffice, it here to observe, that the singular fecundity of ideas and power of siiggest . ing ..in' -Dr. Manning's .eloquence* ? gains in effect from the classic simplicity of his style, his habitual ...calmness, and self-unconscious earnestness. It will be perceived how delicate the ground as affecting many of his .auditors, be had to pass over, in dwelling on the topics above referred to ; .and .with conciliating, truly refined delicacy'was ??/: .his. task discharged. The mind seems lifted into a .higher sphere, while the devotional sense is quickened, and the reason profoundly convinced, in listening to such a man. *-...? The Irish Franciscans at S. Isidoro, now under the authority of the estimable Father Guardian, 'who -arrived here not many months ago, the Rev. .Mr. Hanrahan, actually includes thirteen of tho same nation in its community, but has means of accommodating several more. Discipline, both \ti ; ... regard .to studies and l'eligious observances, is.car ried put here; with ?? strictness, and has, indeed, been fully restored to the primitive norma sinco the revolution,, .which naturally occasioned a par tial dispersion and consequent diminution of 'the- ?' establishment, though the then guardian, with not few of -the community, never left the house' e/en during the seige, of Rome. At the church*. of the- Irish College, S. Agata, the same feast was; celebrated. with Pontifical High Mass and ves pers. T.his beautiful building,, in the early basilica style, lias received various decorative additions from Cardinal,. A-ntonelli, Titular of S. A-gata^ :?- the Holy Father, has, year after year, given proof of the. interest; .with which he regards the college, and on, this, last occasion-, an abundant supply of confectionary; foi*: the table1 was_ the token of his remembrance, as at Christmas was sent from the Vatican an immense cake; a master-piece of skill in its way (an offering to his holiness himself, -which bad travelled from Spain) ; and on SO . Agata's day, in the last instance, a handsome5 present of native wines. The amiable Bishop of -.. I 'Rftss has been staying for some time at this Col- ' lege.'and here. I am glad to learn, is expected shortly to arrive the Archbishop of Dublin. Conversion of a Scotch Family. -— A cor- : '- respondent at Port Carbon sends an interesting; '/;- account to us of the conversion of a whole family. - The father was baptised at his birth by a Catholic'' ':?- priest ; his mather was a Catholic, and his father v a Protestant. He married a Protestant, arid'' hi»'.v' ' children attended a Protestant church in' Scotland.' . -,. ?-. He came to the. United States, and' after goi'ng' :tx- v ' a Methodist meeting, he thought he' would go to a Catholic church, and he was soon convinced that that was the only' true ch' urcF leading' rr - to saltation... ;jOn.the.l9tb' utt;, the father- : mother,' ':; ' and live children we're1 received ['-into the Apostolic ' Church .at Port .Carotin.1— Bostpii Pik-t. ? ''T'':t'.^ A Londori 'weekly ?paper gives the ' following . curious .portrait -# Sir 'Charles Napier :— 'A farmer looking man with a fat face, thick lips, \\... and a tremendous nose covered with snuff, larva ? *? ? ???? ' ?6&r;&-li;ke.:the;fl»ip8.'«fa saddle, and like ' Uncle Ned,' in lyric-. History, .-with no wool to speak of '' ?'? on thc;top:of his head, although- his phrenological !: '?';'? developments display an extensive surface Where1'' '?' the wool ought to grow; the head placed on1 tite 'i? body of. a stunted alderman, whoso clotbes^ap- *f % '? pear to have been pitchforked on his back, \yitU'' ! '? one shirt collar up, and the other down,' bis? ''? ?: ' ? waistcoat buttoned awry, and his shirt front. ,«.; smeared . with snuff— and you have tha portrait ?/ (?{' Sir Charles Napier. If there h thirst for - further or more minute particulars it may be r; - added that, the Admiral, wears top loots; arid ''' '- ''? takes snuff with three fingers.' 