EAST TORRENS ELECTION. MEETING AT PAYNEHAM. A meeting of the friends of Charles Fenn, Esq., took place yesterday evening at the Wellington Inn, Payneham. There was a very large and respectable attendance. Mr Price Morris, having been called to the chair, said the object of the present meeting was to give the electors of that neighbourhood an op portunity of hearing Mr Fenn's exposition of his sentiments, and to allow them to put any questions which they thought proper to him, He trusted that any one present who wanted an explanation on any point relating to this matter would take that opportunity of seeking such ex planation, and he hoped it would be done in a temperate, reasonable manner, as became reason able men. (Hear, hear.) Mr Fenn said that on previous occasions he had expressed his views on the various subjects which were likely to come before the Council of which it was proposed to make him a member, so fully, that it was hardly necessary for him now to repeat them. He did not offer himself as a candidate until requested to do so by a gentle man who was now his opponent; but he was now advised by bis friends, having entered the field, to contest the point, and he did so. (Hear, hear.) He did not consider it necessary to repeat what he had so frequently said of late; but he might perhaps remark, as his views had been greatly misrepresented, that it had been supposed that because he had once advocated the Church Grant he did so now, but that was entirely a mistake. (Hear, hear.) As to his being an upholder of a dominant church, as it had been said the other evening, he believed that was an absurdity which no person with the least spark of liberality would be guilty of. (Cheers.) The question of State Grant, how ever, would probably be never revived in this colony, and those who agitated the question now only raised a ghost to frighten themselves. (Hear, hear.) Another point was the question of nomineeism. That question, too, he con sidered for the present as set at rest, and he need not, therefore, again refer to the topic ; but if that subject did again come before the Council, he, if a member, would resign if they wished it, or if they could find another to please them better. (That's Dr Work—loud cries, yells, and uproar.) Mr. Fenn said yes, and Dr. Wark was the person who requested him first to come forward as a candidate. (He did so.) He (Mr Fenn) did not thrust himself forward, but he was urged to do so, especially by that very gentleman who now turned round and opposed all his views. He had published placards in sinuating political inconsistency against some one; but, if his behaviour was not the type of political inconsistency, he did not know what was." There was another question—that of the ballot. He believed that although it was not probable any master here would exercise his in fluence in such a way as to intimidate a man in his vote—(they were, indeed, all too independant for that)—yet there was a system at work which must be guided against. The District Councils, for instance, had the disposal of licenses and a great many other matters affecting the welfare of others; and it could not be seen how far their power interfered with political liberty. (Cheers, groans, and great confusion.) He was an advo i cate for good roads ; but he thought it bad that the District Councils should possess political iu | fluence in addition to their other powers. In | conclusion he could only say, if the electors had 1 any one else they would like better than him, let I them say so, and he would at once retire. (Loud I cheers.) j A voice—"What's the use of that ? It's neither good nor bad. (Laughter and loud cries.) The Chairman said if any one present wanted to ask Mr Fenn any question, let him come for ward and do so like a man. A drunken man here greatly amused the' meeting by attempting to make a speech. A voice—Nobody got nothing to say against j Mr Fenn. (Laughter.) Mr Brunskill would vote that the words which that speaker had made use of should be taken as a fair exposition of the opinions of the meeting—(hear, hear, and great confusion)—and they must conclude that Mr Fenn had no oppo nents, either personal or political, present. Mr .Fenn had said that he objected to State aid in religion, and Dr Wark could do no more. As to Nomineeism—if that question again came be fore the public—if they liked, Mr Fenn would retire, and they might take any one else they choose. But, as to Dr Wark, he was opposed because many had no confidence in him. (Oh, oh.) On a previous occasion did Dr Wark fight the battle with Mr Prescott as he should have done ? Not he. He did not come forward when he was wanted. To come to a later date, when Mr. Waterhouse went home. Dr. Wark got up a hole and corner meeting at Kensington, to endeavour to entrap the electors to a com promise on the nominee question. (Great uproar. Explain, explain). He (Mr Brunskill), went to j that meeting which was represented to be got j up as a compliment to Mr Waterhouse, but it turned out to be nothing more than an attempt to uphold nomineeism, and to advocate the com promise on that subject. He really believed Dr. Wark was a Tory in disguise. (Groans and cheers). He would propose Mr. Fenn as a most suitable gentleman to represent East Torrens. Mr. Cate would second this proposition. He did so with all sincerity, because he believed Mr. Fenn was the most suitable man, but in the words used by the man in the play they might truly say "How happy could we be with either." He thought either gentlemen ill'. Fenn or Mr. Wark might have fairly represented them, but if he had a preference himself it was for Mr. Fenn. He was sorry however, that a contest should have taken place at this moment as there was no need for it. and there was nothing worth fighting about. He remembered once seeing an elegy in these words —tc God works wonders now and then; here lies a lawyer once an honest man." These words if they could be applied to any one living, they might be to Mr Fenn. (Hear, hear). Indeed the last line might run thus—"Here sits a lawyer, and his name is Fenn. (Laughter). Mr Nurse, having heard Mr Brunskill speak so bitterly against Dr Wark, could not forbear saying that such things should have been spoken when Dr Wark was present, and not behind his back. He liked Mr Fenn pretty well, and per haps he was the best man for them, but they must remember that, at the last election,. Dr Wark was with them, and Mr Fenn against them. Mr Fenn said he should like Mr Nurse to ex plain what he meant. He should like him to I state some specific charge, if he had any, against him. j The Chairman said Mr Nurse should confine himself to the topic with which he commenced. Mr Nurse would only say that Mr Fenn opposed them at the time of Mr Waterhouse's election. He, Mr Nurse, wanted a real, downright Liberal: he himself was a real freeman; he was rocked in a free cradle—(laughter)—and was in fact a thorough-bred—(Durham?)—No, a thorough bred Liberal, and he wanted a representative of the same kind; not a man like Mr Fenn, who had changed his opinions so quickly. (Great uproar.) Mr Hailes, as an elector, would make a few remarks. He had been alluded to by the last speaker as a great gun, who had turned his coat in order to support Mr Fenn. But he would re ply to this, that he upheld Mr Waterhouse be cause he believed then he was the most suitable man, and he upheld Mr Fenn now for a similar reason. As to Dr. Wark having formerly helped their cause, he could only say, to his own know ledge, that Dr Wark did more harm than good in the election of Mr Waterhouse. The Chairman, having called for a show *f hands, put the motion, which he declared car ried by a small majority. An Elector said there were a number of boys holding up their hands, and some of the persons present held up both hands. A show of hands was again taken, and the Chairman declared the motion carried. The ■Beting then separated. 