CENTRAL POLICE COURT. THURSDAY. BEFORE the Police Magistrate and Mr. Weekes. Fifteen persons had been apprehended for drunken- ness, of whom four paid 40s. each ; Sarah Stewart, found guilty for the fourth time this month, was sent to gaol for a month ; and the remainder were sentenced to pay 20s. each, which two or three did, the rest either had not the money, or preferred twenty-four hours' seclusion at Darlinghurst John M'Carty was apprehended about three o'clock in the morning wandering about George-street. Ho said he had just come out of gaol, lived anywhere, and just as he could. Under these circumstances, he was convicted of being nn idle and disorderly person, ond received sentence of one month's imprisonment and hard labour. The general list contained eighteen charges. Five were dismissed, one was remanded for further evidence, and two seamen were forwarded to be dealt with at the Water Police Court. A poor woman named Cubay, who was recently an inmate of the Benevolent Asylum, was brought before the Bench as of unsound mind, which was shewn by Dr. Norris' evidence to be the fact; she was thereupon, for the sake of present medical treatment, and as a preliminary to her ultimate removal to the lunatic asylum, should it bo found necessary, sent to gaol for one month in default of sureties for her good behaviour. Two draymen pleaded guilty to, and paid the penalty for, riding on their drays. Five persons were found guilty of disorderly conduct, and received sen- tences of 10s. or 20s. penalty, according to the respec- tive merits of each offence. Caroline Thomas was charged with shoplifting. Mr. Michael M'Mahon, of George- street, perfumer, deposed that as she said, to change for another a bottle of scent she had purchased there ; while he was getting out the description of perfume she asked for, he kept an eye upon lier, something having occurred on a former occasion which excited his suspicions ; he saw her take up a bottle and put it into her bag ; having his hand upon a bottle of the scent she asked for, ho returned to her at the Counter, asked her if she still required it ¡ she said she did ; he then charged her with stealing the bottle he saw her put into her bag, and sent for a police officer; Serjeant Harricks arrived, and he gave her hito his custody ; she said she did not intend to take it with her ; ho valued it at 3s. Prisoner, preferring the verdict of a jury to the sum- mary jurisdiction of this Court, she was committed for trial, but allowed bail. Thomas Lye, alias Bullock, was charged with theft. Sergeant M'Gee deposed that yesterday forenoon he apprehended the prisoner at the shop of Mr. Row, King- street, chemist and druggist, by virtue of a war- rant charging him with stealing; found upon him four boxes of lip salvo, and in the room occupied by prisoner he found a quantity of perfumery, medicals, confectionary, surgical instruments, stationery, and several spoons, all of which were claimed by Mr. Row as his property, and in a bag the sum of £13 in silver com ; he searched also the house of a person named Bunbary, where, in boxes, which were pointed out as belonging to the prisoner, he found » number of other articles which wore identified by Mr. Row as his property. Mr. Row' deposed that prisoner had been for a_ time in his shop as an assistant, at a salary of £1 per week, with board and residence ; ho under- stood, when engaging him, that he was in indigent circumstances; he (Air. Row) yesterday received information which induced him to apply to a magis- trate for the apprehending and search warrants which had been executed by Sergeant M'Gee ; the two spoons and one fork produced ho valued at 4s. each ; the bottlo of musk, valued at 40s. ; the otto of roses, valued at 60s. and almost every _ other article produced, he could positively identify, but believed everything before the Court was his ; he had no doubt whatever that the money was his, filched at different times from the till, having frequently found much less cash than he thought there should be, but of course could not swear to any of it ; the total value of the goods he thought would be about £70. Prisoner offered no defence. Committed for trial at the Criminal Court. The summons list occupied two sheets, and exhi- bited an array of no'fewer than sixty cases, the accu- mulation of the several days during which the Police Magistrate has received no assistance from the unpaid justices, the second Court room having been occupied with the licensing business. Six were disposed of to- day and fifty-four adjourned. Four shopkeepers were fined-one 5s., and three 20s., with 5s. costs in each case,-for obstructing the footways by placing goods thereon. Mrs. Agnes Atkinson and Catherine Gorie appeared before the Court, on summons, to answer the informa- tion of Mr. William Barton, which charged defendants with having on the 7th April instant unlawfully conspired together to cause and procure, and did cause and procure, one Mary Ann Green to dress herself in a frightful, unusual, and unnatural manner, and so habited to appear before divers persons, pre- tending to be a spectre or supernatural being, to the alarm, terror, and annoyance of the said persons, and against the peace of our Lady the Queen. Mr. Johnson conducted the prosecution, and Mr. Thurlow the defence. Mr. Barton and Mrs. Atkinson, it ap- peared are neighbours ; Catherine Gorio is a servant in Mrs. Atkinson's establishment ; as also is Mary Ann Green ; during the past six months Mr. Barton has been annoyed by the pranks of Mrs. Atkinson's servants, who have indulged themselves in walking about visiting the servants in neighbouring establish- ments in funcy costume ---that is to say, habited in a sheet or table-cloth ; in November last one of Mr. Barton's servants was so visited, and being unaware of the foolish joke, thought she saw a ghost before her, and fell into a fit ; the same thing had subsequently taken place, but, being then a known thing, no evil resulted ; on the 7th instant Mary Ann Green took it into her head to visit several of her gossips in this style, and among other places went to Mr. Barton's ; Mr. Barton was at home, saw the ghost, took her by the neck to the sink, and would have pumped upon her, but, as is frequently the case in the more elevated parts of the town, the water was off ; for this Miss Green summoned Mr. Barton for on assault, and in her deposition on that occasion there seemed something very like an impli- cation of both her mistress (Mrs. Atkinson) and her fellow-servant (Catherine Gorie) in the affair. That case was dismissed, but on the deposition then made this information was founded. To-day, however, the evidence was given in a way which did not at all sup- port the charge that Mrs. Atkinson was aware of her servant's act until Mr. Barton himself apprised her of it. Thenir worships dismissed the case without calling on Mr. Thurlow to answer it ; in doing so, however, their worships reprehended the practice as one fraught with danger, and expressed their opinion that Mrs. Atkinson was not altogether free from blame in not exercising that control over her servants which would prevent their indulgence in such a mischievous practice as that which had been under consideration. 