? ,oBMÂL .PARLIAMENT. . HOUSE'OF COMMON«, Juxis 13. V;' THE BALLOT. Mr. BERKELEY, in rising to lirintç Jorwni lin motion in favour of the bullo', sui I.ho iii il t ?undated by transient success and iiudimnuyed 1 usual dereot, for he was equally (orsuaded tin Ibo measure was one requiroJ by juitico and oj pediency, and ono which thc Houss would neve «gree to-until compel'od by necessity. He ju tified hii conduct by the pertinacity of Lord i RU«BC11 in rotpeot to tho oluinu of tho .Towi wbiab were certaiuly not stronger than those < tho .Christinn electors of this country to protci tioD. The case of an elector was turo'y n strong us that of tho Jew ; but tho timple que; tion to decide was, thould tho elenter elect ? }'o on this roint nothing could go beyond the reu Boning nnd urgumont of Mr. Gioto, und t'o' who followed that gentleman in tho udvosnry c the ballot Ind only to erntend with tito ghosts c the arguments which ho lind dt-ni'di.-hed (lient and a laugh). One of tho Inst spectres »hie bsd appeared «as the thoory that tho elcctlv franchise WOB a trust to the elector*, to ho u-ei ? for the benoDt of the non- electors, «nd that tin Tuting must bo opeu in order that tho iion-elec tors might be mado acquainted with tho manu?! in which the duty was di-ch irged. A moro do losive theory, orono more dangerous in prao'ice could not be advanced ; fur it tins one whicl assuredly encouraged intimidai iou. Tho olec tire franchise was a right, and not a tnisl but, if a trust, he contended tho clcutn could not discharge his duty under r» systin of open voting. But ha denied tim open voting fixed the responsibility of tho voter and on this point ho nguiu quoted thc autln rity o Mr. Grote. To show tho danger of this theory be would refer thé House tn what WO'« called tl'n ? psrlhimeHtary blue, but which ought lo bo callee llie parliamentary .black books-the nneumulntioi of tin committees who had sut on the proe cdh.gi st tho last election-he meint the Cork election At that election Mr Murphy, Mr. Fagan, mic Colonel Chatterton wore the candidates, Murphy and Fagan were liibernis and Roman Catholics Colonel Chatterton .* Conservative and Protestant lt was in evidonce before tho committee that th« Roninn Catholic priest« took a nunn interest ii: Murphy and Fagan, and addrosscd their contre gîtions ' niter ..Divine .service, having evidently studied in tho Russell'Behool-that schcol in which the Secretary nt War ha I taken his degree (s laugh). "You see, boys," said t hose priests, " that tho elective franchise is given to tho elec- tors in trust fôrjou,' the'non-electors ; mid, liojs, nil those who vote for Chatterton ure guilty nf n breach of trust. Now i breach ol'^trust is a sin, «nd youi aro perfectly wnrrnnted in preventing the oleotors drom ' going to tho poll to commit that i in" (i laugh). Well, tho non-e'eutors to k tho hint, nnd did prevent tho electors Ihm g-ilng to tho poll ; bul ho would admit Hint the violence which took pince did not arise from tho recommendation ol' tho Roman Cat liolio'priests ; and, ba wm bound to suppose that such violence did not meet with the approval of thu noble lrrd tho member for London (a laugh). The vi.lonco arose fi ora the dangerous doctrine promulgated hy tho priests and by the noble lord ; for tho nou-oleu tors. Beling ns they wero desired, watched the polling-booths to seo how their trustee« to od (u laugh); and when they found them vo-.e "sin- fully" (a laugh) tlu-y chalked their bucks (laugh'er), and when out of tho icacti of thc military nearly stoned them to dent li (moro laughter) To provo the accuracy or this deioiiption ho need only refer to tho spro-di of Colonel Chntterton at I ho dinner given to Mr. Iliac Butt, tlie member for Youghal (hour, hear) Speaking of the Cork election, tho gallant cnlotiot observed, thnt, ali hough his proferí m lind eoiu ecllod bim to witness many FCOUCS of b Oiid, o hud never been moro horrified tintn nt tlic neones enacted at that »lee ion. Ho df.serili.il thc appearance of tho wounded " trustées" us most sickening, and nothiig could ho moro cnu stitutlon.il than tho lauguigo of tho galhint colonel when ho asked whether men would record their votes through such murdorous Heenes nf blood? but he (Mr. Bot kelcy) confessed nitouhih mcni at the concluding scntenan of th« gnlln-it colonel's address After his description of sit this bloodshed, it might bato been suppose J that Bullio alteration in tho mu le of voting would havo been suggested ; but tho concluding words of thc gil laut colonel were, dimply, " Attend to tho rcitistry." (Laugh ter.) Attend to tho registry! when tho t-fleet of tho system was to doom the electors to tho martyrdom of St. Stephen, mid to have their brains knookod out, (Great, lnbgbtor.) Tho gallant selene! sui I his heart and soul Hero bound up in the Conservativo Clus? j und it waa weil known that tho proteetlon of tho voler was a brand of heresy in the Conservative creed. 'Ibo biuisod mid buttered oleotors nt' Cork, then, must turn to tho liberal members for Cork if they de- sired n sincero advocacy of tlie ballot, ai il ho trusted ho should have tho assistance ol the senior DitmheT for thnt city on this teensinn Two prineiples ho (Mr. Berkeley) enntenilod for -,'fhst, timi Ibo vote of tho elector should not ho | ur cliuscd by money ¡ nnd, FCO nully, th il it t-hoiuM not bc phiced within the control ol' a peer of (bo realm. To prevent tho eleator from being trod- den down hy the purchaser or tho poor, lei him have the protection of the b illot, which bini Mover failed to give security to tho voter wherever it lind beeil ndopttd. In proof, lt wu» only neces- sary to state that open voling lind fic'tineiitly boen exchanged for socret voting, hut never secret voting for open. (Hoar, hour.) America lind been cited as an instnnco of tho failure of tho billot; but tho rosult of corro'pond encowilli uhlo men in Americn, mid willi nsoclcty which enrolled amongst its untiles that of Mr. Georg« Grote, showed tho direct contrary. lu America tho hnllot was in f.rco in 2!) slates ont of SI. It was instituted In Massachusetts in 1031, remained in forco to this dny, mid election disturbances woro unknown lhere. It was in force in Connecticut, in Tetnis.vlvnnln, Now Yoik, Louisiana, mid Kentucky ; nnd whereas, in t'-o two Intter states, before tim adoption of the ballot, in 1030, the fighting' mid general distorbnuco rivalled our own elcotion scenes ut Illuckliuru, Clltlicroe, Hix-milo-bridge, and Cork, Hie ch-otious wore no« conducted in the most pcncenhlo imtniior. But tho ballot had worked equally well inSivitzer land, Holland and Belgium. Yes, in Switzerland tho bull, t had beep ' found to work well ; in Belgium, ns ho had himself lately proved, it nus equally successful ; and Frnnoe alibi dod a third inatnuee of Its nd van toi; es, ulthough il wns unco tho fnshion to declare that it had been weighed in Hie balance BHd found wanting, because, under it, tho prcsenl"Km|>eror lind'been elected to power. For need ho reonll to tho recollection of tho House thnt, nt tho timo of tho coup d'etat, tho nnmo of'Napoleon wïis 'líold iu about, ns much rcvorctioo in this" country as the nnmo of Marshall Huyiinu, of wollum-flogging memory (laughter, ' and cries oí " hem-, hour "J. »hy, the time was when my Lord l'uliiierston himself was almost, hunted about tho country Uko . » mad fox, because he was deemed not to "bo na much o| pined to tho bend of tho French nation ns tho rest of his colleagues (renewed laughter, un d cricB uf "hear"). Nor could ho forgot that Lord Panmure, then a Secretary of Stulo under n Whig Govoriimont, actually declared, thnt, al- though ho hod always supp ried tho ballot, ho could no longer support lt, because ululer il lind boen eleotcd .the.I'feiich Emperor (loud cries of lionr, henr")." Aiid then, to crown nil, tho Txmti newspaper'must needs hiv hold of Iiis most notablo declaration nnd'embalm lt with à lender (much laughter).'' Ntrd' ho remitid thu House lion vain wero all.lils efforts at that thnu to stem tho torrent whtóh had set in ngniiist tho' ballot, lliey hn< B',t| liolt^of ' au iippOpulnr Frenchman, '."..jweforo (ho ballot'was wrong. Rut why, »old 'hohonorablegentlamha (raring tho Tronin y uenob), why ohould I'not noir, tum round upon .von, r confounding you with your claptrap, nnd choking iou with your calumnies ? (ileur, bcur.) "auk the ballot for having given to Franco Hie tunal, iiitislitullpuiil monarch ' abo over pos- sessed. TIiuiiL- tho luíllot for hivínz given tu' Fruncí' ' ii monarch whose seutiiuuiilB mid ucl ¡ona nra alike French, (flour, near.) Vau o'illoil nut tlia militia, you fortified your perl*, you built ships, ul I in dread of thia French mu uarcli - who, instend of M¡ntiiiif; to draw the swoid, has .kept it in the Baabbnrd umil lt could no 1 jnucr bu k(-pt there except nith diibonour and then only io draw ii, not to minister to a hostile ambition, bur. dm wing it fur thc opprui-anl against thu oppressor, for tho dna balance of power, and tho rights ol'ii ilioim. (Loud checis.) ¡Yes, thunk tho ballot fur all tliut, as you timmi i lank willi tho ballot for having elected >lr.- Dim. The other day, nt thal uxorious pigcaul nt I'tuir ' uiouth, lhere wai no mau that did not express thu feeliti'; und sentiment that was ru-echoed hy tba press fr JIU one end if the eunony to the omer that theru was bul nuu lliin^ wanting to mike; <tliat most, glorious tight complote, und linn was i t ii J pretence ol' thc Trench linet i i our waters nud on tho deck nf h-r .'tlnjesty's slu.iiner her uugiist lilly, praised by yon ns nil" faithful, loyal, ami bravo-tho lates: elected tiutmreli of Fi tuno. (Ijoud erioH ol' hear, hear) However, laying iisidu nil siuh c-nsiil-rntious, ho luid that tho virtues or tho vice» nf th« niall elected b\ ballot proved no i i i I « rion of tba goou neds or badne-s.. of th ie system of Vot- ing. lint honorable gentlemen hint turned round on him and said, " Why press ibis measure of ref omi nt all ut a m ment "lien lim Uovwi li- ment h.ul just c ui-eiit.d to withdraw their Urform Hill" Now, that was a lus-.tiou which ho could not understand at nil. \\\ hy, tiley mimili justas well s»y that honoiublo gentlemen should not «0 into S.-oliund to sho-jt gr use, hecwHo I.oui Aberdeen dbl nnt wear Scotch phlllihrçs. (Gloat luugluer.) In Unit Hill nf leloiiu Im did not Hud cnu seinlilhi ol' proteciion lo the el et rs ot,I hu oatt ti l ry ; thu Hill did noi coiitlin ono waru ub'uut it wurihy of a thought. And let the Houso murk, that while this lunrua.o iv ns Indu tu him, ho found tho Government--aided noil abetted, in- deri!, by sime hontiriiiuo ¿jetitlutueii on holli Miles -louding ibo tatile with Hills which tiley- pre- tended would cure ult tho «vila of our system -, und nil liiils have IIÍOII got to^etlur up stu! f, whero they uro bo.itg Unkel vd « uh, to etui-as wis tho late of ail tinkered work-Dy .uoing lo pieces. (Laugh-ur, and Hear, bear.) JNOW, he rejoiced mut her Maj.-.ty'a Government hud laid aside their Holbein lit! , ueeuu.se he did mit lioiirve it cuntuiiiu 1 tho ingiodionis necessary lo produce nueces?, whilo il genned to pusses» all tho ingio d nm ls of destruction for too preiettt utile und Jîlierai uduiiui»trntioii. Tho cause which inlli tnleil against tho success of reform was just thi', that mon could noi be fer snailed lo gi vu up' political power ; they must bo foi ced tu do KO, ° abd t ho ptwple alono could do thal. Too people mu->t bj culled in to nssUt in tho put'ing down of corruption in thu llonec ; mid they must bo persuu ted to luke tho Bid on their ghoul iers as they did in I8H2. Hut tint they never would do until thu Hill was made moro pulatutilu to then, hy giving them a much larger extension ol' tho sulli-a^e, by uiukiug it less complex, und by ji ¡liing tu that | roteetion to Ibu uleclir at thu pulling buoih (cheers from thu members bela»- tho guii|/way on the niiukto rinl vitia of tho Hollie)^ Well, tho licfuriii Lilli slitmlioio'i, nud, hoping always to rpuak of it in the pa»t tenso, be would s iv, re'juiencnt.in jiact (laughter). Ho believed that ino iiuimi.lutiou mid corruption exis ii g ul tho present time was us lad as that pructi-ul ia the i emote days ot Daniel Defoe. And did hey supp se il was to be put down by penal ciactriiciiU ? Why what s.iid that high authority Air. I'll unas Ji.ihlng on Macaulay on this point. Humid-.' You cannot rr| ress intimidation by panal Ians, for such laws nru ntl infringement upon tho most sacred rights of property.. ..it o.m only ho Mipjreused hy the ballot'* (heir, hear, below ibo gangway). Well, bul there »na thu Hill of thu honorable lind leal neil member for SiuVk (Sr F. Kel)*), imposing the necessity if aa oath tipo ? thu electors Hut had they not already oaths enough, mid appalling violin ions of outus Í Did not mon sell their voles us they sold pigs, or sacks ol'flour, or sacks of apples, m il then go to tho polling Lo.ilhs und swear ikut ihey were guilt- less of hoing bribed ? ~ Ho Icm-w himself a casu whore nu eloe.tor, on his way to ilie poll, received a briho of -CH, mid thou took thc bribery o uh thu ¿CG in ono hand nud 'ho IVayer-book*ln the other. (Laughter) Ho know iinoih r Instatieo where tho elector proa oded lo tho poll hotw.en tho two contending parties, one of them contrived to slip a £5 noto uno his right bund. On this the other party insisted on hts taking tho o»th ; but he slipped away, and the p-op'o itmigiiied that li i could not Mund tho test ur thu oath, liut vvlut happened Ï Why, I o wards tho end of tho it ty he turned up ájala and voted ; explaining ? lint in thu murnini.', having tho XS uoto in hi-, righi band, ho could not take the oath without exposing it (laugh'er). Again, all those Hills at which they were ut wo- k »j x-wluusly said not ooo word about intimidation, or if it wu» mcntl.tiad it was after no puerilo a fashion that no ono «its believed lo ho in earnest. A'tcr all th« con-ni> tti.n and intimitbit'ioti of 1S53, they lind hud hut ono Hill ppurport!/ g lo amend the law against bribery and intiuiiibitiun, and ordaining a penalty of J-50 against ni.y ono who should resoit lo force or thro its to iiilitsoneo an election. But did that meet, tho intimidation ol' landlords -did it merl the intimidation nf customers ? Was a landlord compelled lo avow his rensons for discharging a servant - a oustotner fur dis- charging Ids tradesman ? In conclusion, ho would quote two oases io ilion- that nu law which they could make would ment or oheik some kin ls of Intimidation. Thu first case to be mentioned was on very high authority, it «ns ono of intimi- dation quoted ly Sir Jame» Graham, tho Fust Lord of tho Admiralty (laughter). Ho tumid it in a speech addressed to th« Geii««rvniivo electors of thc cornily of Cmnbei land, nt Carlisle, on the 4th of June, 1838 hy tho light boiiornblo gentle mati. Alter his d, fem on Hint na cns i un, tho rl/jbt lionorablo gentleman brought to boar nil his greit pawer of snrcusm and quiet irony against no poor Whig-Hadiciily, ns ho delighted toonil ns (much lnii!j;5.tof). I'our Mr. llumo csrocially carno in for Iiis .share-tho right lionorablo gentle- man cotiiritlcritig bim "a very bad politician" (laughter) "and something lulilioti d to rcbollion * ' (prent laughter.) ile found great fault also with thu noble viscount appetite ([j rd l'almcrstoti), mid desotibed him us having been "indiscreet enough " nt Ibo Wofttniin-tur election to voto for " Lender and Kviini *' (runeweil laughter). And then ihn tight hot ornhlo ha run et iirocoedod to lay it, well into the Comptroller of tho Ioiisoliold. r.f.ntic,h(or.) Ho said-'* What was tho curso which the Whigiiilni tiy-Ibo ministry of Lord Meibom no-( ni «oed ut tho Inst election? Why, on that uccn»;Ioii Mr. Lender stood for West- minster, itt opposition to a tuan who wns no un- tried man, but a mos*. ili«tiiigiilshcd oillcor-a iniiu most eminent hy his public sei vices, mode- rato In his opinions, mid of thc greatest suavity of u.iiiincr. And what decision did Her Malory's Government como to between two snob charac- ters? I blush to slate !" (Great laughter.) "Would it bc believed hut nn oliicer high in Uer Majesty's service, no less a purson than tho Comp- troller of tho r.'ouschnld, with tho full sanotlott of tlio Govornmunt, wns appointed Chairman of Messrs. Louder mid ICvmib's Committee, in oppo- sition to Sir Otorgo Muriny.'* (Cries ol' 'Shaina,' mid 1 Oh, oh.') (Immense Infighter fruin nil »ides of the House.) " Well," continued tbs right honorable baronet, " you tiny suppose I Imo slated tho wbelo if tho caso ¡ nothing like it. Wu have beuid much of (ho intimidation sahl to be employed by landlords during tho hist gemini! cleol lou ;* lint what was that to ibo conduct pur- sued liv this Chairman of tho Wes I m I ne ter Ttiidi cnls, "this Oi.mptiollcr of the Household." (Laughter.) "Why, he actually wlthcld tho war- rants nf appointments from titidcMiicn until thu election waa over, with tho nvuwetl p'irposo ol liillucuoing their votes. (Groans.)", (Renewed laughter.) Now, thiH'(sn!il tho hnuornblo mem- ber) wns a Biifliuii'Ut eimo of Intimidation upon excellent ntttboriiy ¡.and it was perfectly nminliig to seo how virtuous a Whig was nt thu oxpanso of u Tory, and how vlitiiotts ti Tory could beeomo nt thu oxponso of a Whig. (Ijaua;liler.) Why thu right lionorablo gentleman gol. tho 'henil of ibo nmiablo Comptroller ol' Ibo lliinimhold Into Chancery,.nod' llnully floored him by a regular ottiss buttock. (Mindi luuj,!ucr.) Ho was R-I foutly astonished timi tho i tglit honournblonuntin limn did nut soo that there was Mit ono way tu control comptrollers ol' tho household-great chairman a» well ns Utile chairman-Kilver «tick« nowell an gold w inks'; and that wnp, hy giving tho eleo'ora protection nuainst them, (Hear, hotr) The ue»t ca«« which lie hud t» mention was a frightful c*eo uf iulliuldution. Here, how. over, he lind to depart from his uaunl prnoti«o, and claim tho in lulgouoe of tho Mouse, as ho could not namo the parties concerned, nor evn tho locality where the circumstance occurred ; and he was quite satisfied that tho gentlemen who hnd lienrd of the CUHC, «¡th the iin-uto delicacy of gentlemen, would ngrco thut it inti necessary to ' forbear from menti uiliu' names. Tho facts touk piuco at the yellerai election of 18-11, and np to that moment Im h id n«vor been ublo to uso tho ease, having bouvl himsulf not to do no until thu deni h ol' lim parties. It nppeirs ihnt a muster tradesman, itu active Onvervulivo in a c-rlniu borough, voted for the liberal eiiudldate, as «ell as influencing five tenants mid work mon of his to vote tho sum? way. It wis hero w»1 to observe, thut neither of tho candidates knew any Hiing of the case, f'jr both of thfin «era too honorable men not to hive turned th"ir bai-ks upon thc guilty agent with Indignation. Weil, this tralo-man 'did net besilute to say that ho had boen intimidated into vol inn ns be had dono I-y a man of property, to whom bo nus under deep oldlguiiou, owing him a very largo «um of money. Tho strange pun of tho cuso, however, wns that tho creditor wus a oomitry gentleman lesided iii a distant county, and like- wise a ktrtng Conservative. Hut now he canu- to punit out the UH (ure id'tho screw which induced a Conservativo, und tl mun of property too, to support a Liberal. The country gentleman, n creditor, hud n ti-dor well m.irriod und »etiled in tho borough where thc debtor resided. Woll, on tho day previous to tho election nu attorney culled upon this lady-ho produced a puckol of loiters-and said, '' Thrungli tho dcuth of a client, of mino the.so letters aro in my possession. I know thom to hive been wrlfeii by you previous to your tnarrisce: and if they fall into your hu-bttnd's possession rMiii and disgrace will attend you and your children. I know (hat your bro.lier lins ad- vanced a hirgc sum ol' m ney to u mun in this town : now you must, therefore, have sumo menns of influencing this person to vo'o for tho Liberal randidiito ; und, if you don't, your hus- band will gol posao-s'oh of these letters." In short this h.is i cloe iou agent npp'iol lo this un- happy Indy tho screw of ruin-thc poor linly ap- plied tho screw of compassion to lier brother-Hie tirother applied to the debtor tho creditor's i-oiew -the debtor applied to his tenants and workmua tho landlord's and Minster's screw, and thus a ra mi filiation nf ol o' ion screes, wns applied, to influence five oleo!O's to betray the best interests of their country, and tell a Ho before their God. (Hear, hear.) Now Iel honorable gontluiueu io flee upon tho wear nur1, tear of conscience, em- bodied ¡ti this horriblo conspiracy wh oh bo hud just detailed-and ho would a«k them could such a circnmstitncj have tskeu placo limier a system of open voting? Ho lind only then to ask tho friends of justice mid Immunity to re- cord their votes in favour of liberty of conscience. He hoi o J that he mimili appeal to honorable gelit'cmen ou both »ides of the Honje, for he had nevor treated this as a pnrfy question. (llonr, hear.) He did not for ono moim-nt wish to doiiy that he. was a party man, or that lid lind been a partisan of theo liberal administriitinns whie.li had existed for tho sncn toan years during which ho had I ud the honour of ii neut in that llou:0. Hut on this question, he was of no party-on this questiou, ho belonged to no faction. Hu was neither a Montague nor a Capulet, yet bu would say " a plague r n bo1 h your Houses," for through jour instrumentality electoral liberty mid Iroedom of conscience hilve been wei) nirh stamped to tho druth. It was, therefore, with lim high mid constitutional ohjeol of endeavouring to procure purity of election tum ho most humbly yet earnestly eatieutel the House to grant him leave to iutroduod this bill. (The li norn hie gentleman, on resuming I.is sen', wns received with loud cries of " hear, bear,'' by tho Radical members.) Lord D. Sl'UAItT iocondol the motion. Ho must »ny he could not uudeistnnd slatesin-u to be real'y in earnest, when they talked about re pressing corrupt ion und intimidation, nnd ni thu tamo time voted ngninst thu billot. The system hud worked most successfully in Anio ion mid lie mid Unit they oiuht ut least to" try tho sumo experiment hore, in ardor ta give protection to 111 j wo king classes of tho country. Mr. WAKNEIt Hitit), ho bolioved tho ballot wns n specific icme ly for intimidation. Hut however munn they might extend lins franchise by u new reform bill, they would do no renl good unless they bud reeoui-ro t i the ballot ("divide, dlti 1«"). Lord PALMERSTON_Notwithstanding the i tn pa iof.co of thu House, whudi is very natural a' this time of day (a laugh) especially'in reforovco to a subject which bas buen so f: equmttly disoii' t-eJ, 1 trust I muy bj permitted tu stnte in n few words tho grouuds on which I intend to givo my vote ngiinst the motion of my honorable friend. I um not ut nil insensible of tho advantage which would accrue from tiny system which would create au cHuctuul remody against ir.timidution mid bribery, or against tho exercise of undue iufluenc« over tile electors. Hut, in Ilia first pince, my opinion is-und I must i-ny, thu', il is nu opinion not lightly forme:!, lint ol' long standing thnt the ballot which is proposed by my honorai lo friend ns u remedy, would utterly tall in accomplishing thal secrecy upon which is founded all'tho results whiuh ho proposes to ell'oct. No mun cati persuado ino in this country thut y .ni can got rid of cnuvnssiug. No mau ono per- suado mo thnt you cnn iloviso any menus hy which tito peoplo of this country will keep to themselves tho political opinions which iliey profess-thnt mm would t ot tull to their friot ils und companions the political opinions hy whiuh they nronuiiniilcd, tho rrclVronco whi -li they have for particular candidate's: aud (lint on the dny of tho election it would nut bo kuo'in us well willi ilia ballot ns with open voting tho way in uhich the grout majority of tho electors hud given their suffi-âges, (ilene, hear.) I say (hero is.no ino chauiciil conlriviinco, tic legi-la ti ve concluent which liiirliatneni cnn devine which von lil prevent thu opinion* find votes of tho grout majority ol' electors Itv m being known under thc hui lot ni under the present system of opon voling. We have been told ii Ri ¿ul deni about Ibo example ol' other countries. Ask nny citizen < f thu United Ötnt '8 whether tho ballot docs produce that secrecy which wo uro'tohl is I ho ensoul ¡ul foundation of nil security, it is perfectly nell known thnt it n-coin plishes no such result- thnt the votes of men nt elections in tho Iii ¡(cd States uro ns well kniiwu, nnd ns ostentatiously avowed, in In any part ol' tho United .Kingdom-that men go to ibu po l with tho bnllnl-tinket in their hals, und with coloured papers Indicating tho particular cnn il dnto for whom they mo going lo vote. They li a vu tho same blood In their veins which Hows lu ours. They ure tro l.onost mid too munly nut to avow their opinions, (hoar, hear,) and to support, tho candidato with whom they havo Identified thoma Ives. Away, then, with tho nonsense nwnv with the delusion which prevail.* in tho pulmo mind, u:id which is utterly inconsistent with nil known fnots mid nil previous inferences (hoar, hear) i f ir illogical hulk of tho oledor.* libero would bo no secrecy- they would scorn it (hoar, hem) . lt would bo repugnant to their poi sonni feeling», nud at variance with their pollticn\ prodllcoiions. With some, no doubt, it might ba secret. Tho (diopkcoper, tho tenant, or a IVw individuals who arc under the apprehension that their vote would he productive ol' sonni injury, to tliatr own condition and fortune mid hopoi-th ojo mimili biko euro iu giving their votes thnt there bhould ho no knowle.! go of who the person wns to whom their volo wns given. Hut what iini't bj tho condition of timi man during tho Interval between thu com- mencement of tho cnn vans nnd tho giving of tho vote? Would tho ballot provout him from hoing solicitod hy tho person who bus li.llmnon over him to extort from h'm n proinfoo to elvo lils vote? (Hoar, heir.) It does not follow I hat because a voto is to bo given by a twisted pirco ol' ptiper, put inn hole, lint n mun who lliinks hu cnn coininnnd tho vote will not use thnt 'sorow Willoh my honouriihlo friend lois dlhitoil upon lo ohtiiin a promise from him. Tho promise m ny ho given or withheld ¡ If it M given, and a mitti valus according tullis promise, ni wini! nisu ls tho ballot? . lr he gtvcB a promise, nnd .breaks it afterward*, what I hon becomes ol'your irgumoiit ns ld thu Improvement- of the1 people (hoar, licnr). You are, in fact, demoralising the propio Instead of raising thpm In "tho nenin of tnnrul mid civilised moo (liesr; hosr) If ho r- fuse* why should hu refuge except-he moins in vot the other wry. No man w ll persuade tn'i hut the person who has power over un elector will ti ?>{ act towards him cxiotly as he does at present, if the clcotor has pi »en a vote against the wishes of his a n'rolling superior. Tho ballot in oiilier «sse would be a rerfent nullity for secrecy or for protection. The first objection to the billot is, that it would not accomplish the purposes for which thosa who {-raposo It put ii for-vard for tho acceptance of parliament. I object t'» it because it would not snccoud. In the next placo, I oljeot to ii hcouuse it might succeed. (Hoir, heur, and laughter.) Tho objection made to tho Pretender wi«, that lie wai not tho son of James. Ami ilion, when tho friend to wbnm such an ob- it ct ¡on was mado mid, " How cnn you bo so illiberal nud ii"roa unable as to givo currency to snob a report ?" tho other repliol, " I object bo muse ho is tba son of .Tomes." (Heir, heat.) N'ow I object to the ballot if it wore to snoceid, bo cause I think peereey in a mnttor such as tint of voting for mstnber.i of purlismout would bo nu entire change in tho Hucial habits of tho people. I think th lt y JU ninnot debar them from tho o in uiifo.-tutions ot their political predilections and anti,atht,s whiuli aro vithl elements of the Bri- tish Constitution. J. think to compel mankind to hold within their own bosom all political pre- ferences mid opinions wtuld he a great national calamity. I think, if you suncood in making tho ballot entirely >oorot, and that tho rcsu t would be only known by a mnjirity of voles on tho poll, you wool J luso a groat element of political vir tie. (Hua*, hoar.) Now, cir, there is another objojtion which I have to the ballot. 'I think, if it Eitoie'dotl in iiooomplitliiug tho pur- pose for which, it was pro.po.ed, tho JJ il lo', would ho a great ovil as bearing on the political org'iuisuiion of this country. I think that upon principle ns well as theory,, that it is nu orior. Tho voto given nt an election is, 1 must contend, a trust exercised hy.the oleotor for tlie'heneflt of the country ut largo It is a trust not only within thc 1 tufted rango to which tho vole oxtoruU ; but, oven, if that mensuro were carried, which I soy is a misnomer-if universal suffrage wore carried-if every mun of a certain ugo were to vote, - htill I should say that it is a trust ll'every man. woman, und child had the right nf voting, still it would be ii trust which each individual would exercise fur the benefit, of thc nation nt 1 irge. I hold that, according to tho -pirit nf th« British constitution, every man who posso.-ses political rights and rorfurms a political duly ought lo exotcie that right, and perform that duty openly in tho face ,of his fellow- men. (liciir, hour.). My hon ruble friend quoted n jms'agn from ibo work of a'highly respcatublo individual, Mr. Grote, to show that the.so objec- tions wero foii'uled upon a fallacy. With ali duo deference, 1 must sny that I never heard u passage containing more fallacies than (hat which.my In tiO'iible fiieuil has quoted. I think it i< a play upon wouls, and not an argument nddtossolto tho reason. I say it isa trust which every elector has to perfuuu wbon he votes for a repro-' S'tititivo to sit in this house. And it appears to mc io ho most essential that every man who bus a political function to discharge, and a political not to do, should dischnrgo those functions and perta'tn that act subjfot to tho responsibility at- taching lp them. But I nm told that tliero'is no responsibility. Well, then, who is to judge ? Aro thu To.'ios. to condemn the Whig*, mid thu Whigs tho Tories ? I pay there is a resp insihi lily, and whioh every msu of senso understands \- namely, lo public opinion-to thu gold opiuimi of his tieiglibonis, and of thoso with nh.un ho commonly acts, whose opinions' ho vnlttec, mid which exorcises n great mid governing inlluer.cj on the mind of overy honest mun. And 1 do nst wish lo deprive any pers n of thal ru Jdur to ki cp him in ibo right course. If secret vo in,; could bo so arranged tbit nil tho voters could vote nt elcoiioni without'any man knowing how they voted, I say then that you would lose an inosii mabla advantage in keeping alive those feelings of political riynt mid wtong which I think uro so ess nihil to tho well-hoing und prosperity of thu country. On what ground is all this argued ? Vou say every man should bo protiotcd in tho exerolso of his suffrage. 1 say that if a man bas a political iii; li r, that ho ought to mnke up his mi nil, lo MitTcr any iiic.-.ti*oiilo'noo Hint miglitT arise from its discharge. 11/ tho samo reasoning (lint you enable n voter to give his voto in s.-cret, why should not members of this house,give their votes in secret ? And re it ts In alt countries iv lu-re secint voting nniohgst ' tho electors is established. In France it is no. And in ninny countries where thcro is gi'en to _ tho ob ctors «lint is stippoEoJ to be tho protootinn of secret voting, tho sime seo-eoy of voting is observed in the legislativo bodies themselves. Jf justice icquiivs ll in tho ono ease, it requires it also in tho other. Tho members ol' this bauso uni interested equally in politlcnl privilèges, mid their functions liivo un equal hearing upon ibo general weil mid Intorcs-ts of tho country. Why, thou, should not a member voto according to the best of his judgment nu I oinseientious conviction, without far ol'I ho consequences. lo himself, as well ni tim elector? No lunn will tell mo tint a member of this bonso who luisa proper feeling of ambition, would not think it li great gticTanoo to bo ousted ut tho next election for the vo'os ho . lins given, just ns much us'the ti-adr-j-muii who Iris iueiii'ietl tho dlsplunsuro of his customer or his landlord (hour, hear J. As to the argument of injury lestilting to tho elector from nuls of this sort, so fur ns my knowledge foes I believe »nell ti eise to bo grossly exaggerated. 1 bulievu in many oases in which tiadestncu piofefis to bu the* victims of their vstes thin they uro men whoso foi I unos huva been damaged before (laughter), nud that they plann upon their voles that which should moro prtperly ho placed at thodoir nf their own impntdoncc. In general I think thal what a man loseB from his oppo- nents ho pains from lils friends nml thal tho accounts uro fairly balanced b.-tweo i ho h. Although I admit there may he cases in which abuses prevail, yot 1 think that, uikcti in tho aggregate, there is a great deni moro clamour , mudo about tho-u tlinn thero is real foundation fur. Hut not to dotaln tho housu any longer-X hare stated tho outline of my objections to ibo . ballot. My objections to tho ballot aro these - that it would not prove effective lu prndueo secrecy-thnt it would not protect tho voter from the coiisoqiicnu « of bis political blas ; ami even if it did produce, socrccy, 1 think that it would thereby ii Met n groat Injury upon thu Jinnah oi.stitiitimi. ( 1 bur, hour.) Sir J, WA IiMSLI'iy regretted that the instances ol' intimidation quoted hy lils honorable fi ¡end who mule, this motion had lind no effect up.m tho noble lord, lt might bo very well fur tho noble hird ar d thoso who wero lu an independent posi- tion to contend in favour of open voting, but that system hud proved most oppressive lo thu poor mau, lt was univaisully felt thnt thu ballot should noeotiipuny ntl extension of thu lViinelilsj, and that nay extension of tho iratioliuo without tho ballot, would hu mero tuo.'kery. No Itcfoini Dill, therefore, would bu satl-f ititory without the ballot. Ho would givo his oordial support to tho moilun, Mr. fc'OSTEll said tint no ono could havo a higher respect for.tho noble lord's opinion than hu hud, bul lie felt'bound, In just ¡co to his con- stituents, to ooiiipltiii of tho absence of Unit pro leailon which Ibu bul tot. would givo them in tho exereiso ol' their lYnnolileo. Ile would repent thu vote ho bad given Inst year upon Ibis qiius liuu, nud would support the motion of his hono- rable fri.-ll I who lie wns glad tu sro tva* nut »eared away from pressing forward this nulject hy the postponement ol' tho Reform Bill. To cure thu evils nrlsing ont of thu present elec- toral system something m iro was necessary be- sides bills of painn and penalties) mid hu called upon honoriiblu gentlemen, thorefuto, to givo ti practical proof of tho bilieerlty of I heir desire to jitit duivn tho'o evils by voting for a meusuru iltruuuh thu Instrumentality nf vi li lill they had been told Inna ugo 'not nipt'prnatiaos could alone hu client mi) ly checked (hear, mid divide). Hu was anxious lo luivo a remedy, not only foi thu prevention ol' corruption and Intimidiilluii, but ul' the turmoil mid confusion which existed nt contested cloutions In towns. Concede tho billot ?inti nt nuco thüy would havo thal remudy. He. had ivitneutoil its op'ration in Fra ti ec, aiid thu results wero mo-t utlicauiulis mid satisfactory. Sir J. FJTZO lilt ALU supported tho motion amidst loud ci les for a division. He hud seen so unen of tho oro-cien of int'm'tlatioi in Irelnnl, thatIii' was n nivirno I of thu ntmolire neo-ssity for having, tba protection of tho ballot for tho voter. .Mr. HRIQI1T would not attempt an elabórala nr. innent upon the subject of the ballot, hecutiso he oiiroedvery much with Mr. Horkeley, thai theie was little to ba said in addition to what was Raid in its favour twenty years »go, but if ever he had heard a speech ju tbnt bnu«o worthy to rank with those of Mr. Grote, ha should suv it was ib» speech which tho honorable member for Uri lol .hid delivered that night, and which mu«t have produced a oonniderahio effect on the opini .ns of. the houso (ch 'ers). Ibo question wai now bioiight into a very small compilai!. It was not duuiel in tho loss: t li ii t, bribory io a very largo oxttuit ex- isted ut the last general election, mid he believed that ovory commissioner's report ou tho bjorn,:!:1!* j which hud been specially before thu h ii-e, de j el'ired tlnit it hud existed not only nt ibo , lust election, but hud prevailed extensively j at previous elections, if there «cio any \ diilVronoe of opinion with ri-gnrd to bribery, tho:e could certainly be nono with regard ! to intimidation, for ho wouK . not and \ auul.l not bolievo n member of that house wlio j decluroJ it to bo his opinion thal coercion mid in- timidation did not. extensively j re vail al. aluio-t all iho coutested elections in tuo United Kingdom (hear hear). Honorable geiuleuieu uppirite tio.istcd sometimes that these di.scieditnhle scenes existed peculiarly in tho boroughs, and Unit tho counties were five from them ; lint they must know that the dill'crmco consisted only in this that in the boroughs there was just Militaient in oepetidenco undor. which a joan coul l sdi his vu o. and he did sell it in ninny cases, wliil.-t lu thu couutius thero was no ..Mich independence. Tho electoral system in tho counties wnsu shuni -olectoral lile there wus demi, und in point ol' fact thc great lauded proprietors Were thu consti- tuency by ruht ol'which county members, for the most ]>irt, sut in that house, livery member in tho butiso must admit, in his ono CHI science, tllit tho picture ho bud dawn waa un ncc um ¡o und a truu picture. They had lieut d from thu honorable member for Warwickshire, that in Ire- land tile Human Catholic priests exercised au un duo iufluei/ue over tue electors. Well, he did not deny, thut, haviug a power which they ought not to have, they exercised it on other people under ibo influence and stimulus of a coutested eleotion Hut if thu Hoinuu Cuthol'o piios. had that pawer tho itish landlord had tho same, power; aud tho unfortunate Irish tullun^ was in this position-on the one bund he was threatened, it might be, willi tho loss of ali temporal good,' und on' tho other hand it was uiliruied-though ho knew nut that it had been sullicienlly proved-he was tbrentened willi the loss of spiritual good if ho should net in accoid n;.co with tito dictates'of his eoiieoieuue. The noble lord (Viscount Palmerston) lind to-night made, as ho told the bouse, fur tho first timo in his life, a speech against tho ballot; and never having spoken.upon it before, ho (Mr. Urigh.) was surpiised tbe noble lord hid not said some- thing moro original. (Hear, und laughter.) Tho' noble lord had repeated the arguments that were unod on every occasion that the subject bud buen discussed In parliament, and had talked of the ballot as an "uu-Kuglish system." It wus clour, however, that he was souiewhut familiar himsolf with that un-Knglirh system, when, hy a tligln movement of tho wrist, lu showed tho'houso bow thu bulls were put into tho box on admitting ii now me ubor to the club to whioh ho belonged. (Hear, hear.) He wa« satiuliod that thu ph rano " un-JÎngiish system" was merely hiten led to enlist u sentiment. It appealed lo no argument or fact, but oovered up altogether thia gnni, overwhelming, mid. . disgrnccful mot, ot whioh they wore «ll anare, thal nt all our elections, circumstances tonk piuco which were ton times inure un-Knglish, it hy that torin they meant what waa dishonourable and ilUgr-ico fui-thuii' anything that was known to occur in any other country in the world ivhcro thc ballot wus used in taking tho votes sf tho electors. Tho nohlo lord did not believe in tho ballot us ii remedy. Hut in this ho had tho misfortune to di lier with u lurge number of persons in dint house, with the great majority ot those who sut behind him, mid ho believed with tho groat majority also of the electors of tho country. (Hear, hear.) The constituencies, eo fur ns they were ul liberty to express their opinions, had expressed them willi considerable unanimity on this subject. They hud'roturned to this Parliament nt l.u-a 200 member) who.had on ono nonunion or another given their votes in favour of tho hal lot. 'thia hiing the ouse, how came it thal tho question ot' ibo ballot mudo no sensible progress in tho Houso of Commons? Tho noble lord (I'almeretnu) is io ii'ghl (piocccded tho häiiorah'o melli bor) ide leader of tho house. His oollenguc, tho hito member fur tho City of London, is awaiting lu» eleotion. Hut Lord Juhn itus-ell ls just us obsti- nate und resolute un opponent of tho bullot us ibu nollie lord himsolf. (Hear, heur.) It is not long silice wu were sitting on that sido of tho houso with them. They, by a combination of cl iou in- stances and pnrtios, and by thu failure uf »onie schemes of goiitlemen opposite, walked over to this side of Hie houso, uud wo walked over with them. (Heur, hour, and laughter.) Wo-that is those whom I seo bototo mo und to my left-ncoepted Ibcni in soino sort ns lenders of the party to which we were attache 1, and took no security and np guarantee whatever [rom them thal they should in any of their nieiisui'ts consult tho views whioh wo hold. They hid ibu security, which nil governments have, that they should not be nocdlossly disturbed-thut we should give our votes, whenever al" any'ralo wo could nilli any sort of coi^ciouce, in their i'ivuii,-. Honora- ble mouillera oppoaito object lo tho ballot, mid nothing is mure natural. I do not in tito luust co in pim ti of lt. I do not deny Hint it is a ques- tion upon which mun limy hold dill'etcmt opinions honestly ; but in any cuso honorable gentlemen opposite linvo always beon perfectly consistent, 'lucy aro not in favour of any thing thut may hnvo tho "flavour of democratic, principles They do nut want ibo House of Couinions tb bu that popular houso which the Constitution Iiitcuded it to be. They prufer that it should owo a strong nllegiuneo to thu other Houso of Parliament, and Hint tlic noble lords and grout propriotois who tit lu that house should sit beru hy their sons, their roi Ulves, mid nominees, to iiitluoiico to a large oxtcut the deliberations mid conclusions ol' this house. 1 do not blame thuin fer that, Timi is their theory ot' tho constitution und govern- ment, lint that is not tho thooiy of Lord John Kussel). (Hoar, hear.) 1 would nut say so mil'li for i tho nonie motnber for -Tiverton (cheers, and laughter); but thia 1 would any lb: Lord .lohn Uussell nt any rate, thut ho'bus professed tu hold principles of u moro popular, mid, in Mime mime, of a moro dempernllo character. What, then, is tho cuso ? It is tills. That 201) of us who sit ou thia sirio of tho house, pledged to IIIIH (joustion of tho ballot, mid pledged " to it not merely beciitiso wo told our ooiisiituonls that wo wero in favour of it, but because of our conviction Hint it is tho . only lotne'dy for tho disgraceful pructices whioh are now ouirlotl'ou at elections ooma mid sit hero nnd acknowledge,ns our lender« a number ol'gentlemen upon that hunch, who upon this great and vital question deny altogether that wo uro right, arid Bessiou lifter session ally thorn selves with gentloinen 'opposite, to whom they profess to ho opposed iii politics (hour, from durer- ont purls of r tho hou-o.) Audit is not only wo who Hil here, hut gentlemen on tbnt (tho Trea- sury) bench (hoar, lienr,',undllaughter). Look nt their position. I have hore li list of tho opinions af wlint aro called generally, fuhordliiato membuis ol' Iho govaruuiont, Immune ho luisa sent in tho cabinet (hear, hear), Tho first, nantes a'o thune of tho law ofHcors of tho Crown, for 1 Imvo got tho nuiiio of Cockburn donn hoi o, and tho linnie ol' Hathcll, ? thnn which two tin mos moro eminent cannot be found in the roll ol' existing Kuglish lawyers. Well, Is this n foolish ur mi absurd proposition that wo niako, that men to itistlnguished havb beeii'Its consist eut adtooalea ? (Cheers.) Then 1 have tho lionoiiUilo member for Kilmarnock (Mr. Uoutcrio), whn is oliiiirnnin ol' ways mid menus, and who, if not cxuully ri Go- vernment olllcer, ls nt'leant mi oliiineiif nlll.-ur ot thu Holise (licar),'Colonel Hoyle, Mr. Kungli (tho fSolleltor-Guuoial lor Ifölmid), Mr.'Osburno (hear, and laughter), a gentleman who could make nu admirable spuooh on lill» quos,ion, if bu happened lo sit htluw tho gangway (uhcurs and'relieved laughter), Lord 'A.' Tngut,'Mr.'C. Villiers, mid tho Hight Honbrablo Kdwird Strutt. (Ilcar, lieu: ) It is au unfortunate thing fur us, w lin art advocates of tlie ballot, that. Laird J. Russell, who in sa kind b manner invited llie late Chancellor of .he Duoby ot La cauter to 'leave tho Government, should have invited to ¡«in tt tho rijiht honorable, niemui r for Morpeth ¿Sir G. Grey), «ho lu op posed to the ballot. (Hear) Whilst 200 mein hers on this side ol' th» house are in favour nf the billot, and nut less iii an 11 . members of the government voled in support of it l ist year, a fri-n I of the ballot, is ex c'ti'led lrnm tho Government, and « gentle- man who, when ho was me-ihcr for Devonport, mid nftcrtvnrdri mcmbir for Northumberland, vuted lu it« favour, but pinee he been ni o mom ber lor a borough thnt docs not possess nn indepen- dent const it Honey tunis, round upon liii old opinions and vote« ngiitist. it. is imit iLto u.iiko one of the Government. Tim In'lot raun is ex- cluded-tho umí-b.ill-jt. muli, whose iuromi-oei.cy is glaring, is asked to tuka n bent in ibo cibiuet. Thon thero is the right hon ruble inrotiel, tho Chief Commissi jeer of Wm ks. (Hear, henr.) I ub ervo that nut long uno ho ex pres-od ulliorenoj to thu uneicint opi. ions on ttio Outhit (Heir, bear.) Last yeur bu voted in its Uvour, und I have nut tho Hiijh'.u-t doubt that, nu thin norn Min, and ut nil I il Hire tim s. be will do t lie mime. (Cheers.) Ami who i the no'.le bud thu member for Ti vc i ton ge B up. us he hus done to-niglit, and In a very showy m inner upp- uls tu honorable gentlemen opposite, nilli »h.un his sympathies always scum lo (to, and maltes a spoic.li against tins préposition, 1 n'y timi tho i mitt lionorablo b mulei tho member for Southwark, is a muli eliuse opinions, on u question ol' this mil ii te, nra «onhy of ns much nulluni ty mid force as thuro of the ii j.blu lord or any of bis colleagues, and 1 Im ve cjnlidenoo that even pirti iiuontary and. oliiuial etiquette will not, on nil orcusiuns, pre- vent him from expressing his freo and linties' opinions to. tho Hou-e. (Oueeis.) 'lim right honoriiblo gentleman Was put into thu govcruiuont under peculiar circumstances. lt was tho boast of the fi uniera ol' tho présent government that it n-pre etiu-d ail shades ol' tho Liberal puny; but 1 do » il think it adiquiit'dy represented that shude ol tue Iliberal pm ty a Inch is understood io he connected with tito ipio<iiou of the ballot. 1 trust and believe, h.iwevtr, Unit lite right bouoi'iib.e gow luman «ill lose no oppor- tunity of maintaining aiming hts colleagues th« principles willah lie maintained among hts con siituenls. amt whilst he was au i.-dpjmlcnt niid a non-plUuial mem li.T of this house. (Hoar, hear.) Tho que- tiou I lint occurred to his mind, thu lionorablo gentleman then went ou to say, was, what they shou il du to have tho ballot pabsud, in his opiuiou tho electors in every borough and ominty where they hud tho po*er ol' returning u Liberal member ol' parliament, should make up their ninnis, that be the man what he might in other -respects, they would not allow him to enter purlinrá'Mit in their name if hu wero opposed to thc votu by ballot. Wo ai o 200' in this house, (exclaimed tho li. nonitilo member;) mid hy whoso suüiuges do thoso mun (pointing to tho Treasury hench) sit theie? (Loud cheers ) Why, ol'tuu 1 tell them, by thc soH'ruges of h'jnoiable gentlemen oppositu. (Ilenewed cheers.) The cheers' which thu noble lord the member fur Tiverton received to-night, fr..m what part of thu house did thoy come, t I did bear ono feeble voice from that back beuch, f. ebie I havo no doubt ns tho menial power which brought its owner to the cone u»iun which bo ap- pears to have arrived ut (a laugh), and with thu exception of ? hat ono teeblo voice I did nut hear ii single cheer Iron", this side of tho house lu favour of tho noblo lord's view«. Hut thu whole of bis speech was received with rupture ami enthusiasm hy goiitlomon opposite (heur, hear). Woll, I milv wish lr,.in my heart, if the nublo lord bu their natural loader, that they would luke bim ns their leader (cheero). For my shnro I icpudiuto altogether tho leadership ol'mon who pretending to ho liberal, und acting by tho votes of memi-otn ou this sido of the bouse, yet pertinaciously, vear nfter yenr, refusu the smallest j¡ itieussion upon n question in refei"iico tu wbluli thc grout ni ij irity of their supporters havo long ngo made up their minds. 1 upped I o hoiiornb.e gentlemen opposite Do nob we ocoupy a very nbsuitl pool lion? (Loud elmers ami laughter.) Wu havo in this particular respect, nud in siiliio ot hors, a Conservaiive government. You wilt never havo a moro Connelvutive govomuient (hear, hear) Why,.tho government of Loni Derby its lt was tievor moro Conservativo ; _ and tho Cou surva'.ivo government which ls, 1 tup pose, propnring in soma reeets to which wo liave no ncco-s, mid which will como ii Tier ibis, will not bo more Conservât ive than this (bear, hour, n-id htughtcr). Hut wo profess to hold dil- le rent opinions. We bolievu tho question of the ballot to he of vital iinporliinro j und what wu ought to do is this. Let hut 50 members on this sido of thc house, say to Lord J, Kussel!, tho teador nf tho house, when hu comes buck, tn Lord A herd, en, audio ntl the gentlemen who lind llie air of the Treasury hench tu ujirco with thom so remarkable woll. " W o tire not seeking tu sup- plant you. Wu do not want to send you to tho other side ol' tho house mid occupy your pinces; but If you sock tn bo the 1-ii tors ul' this party, wu in- sist upon ¡I thnt you tille up thu question of tho bnllot, and hy our help puss il through p'ir Huuifjut; or elfo you nieto understand th it you urn not our le idets, a':d wo uro not your followers. You muy havo other followers whb aro willing to take yt ti us linders. Muko your arrangements willi Ih. in, und carry out thu government if you can with thom. We will uland up for our own convections mid policy, und wo would in- finitely rather sit on thu other side of thu house in opposition, maintaining what wu belkve to ho trna, than sit tn hind you watching you whilst ¡vii betrayed nml opposed everything, deumod to ho essend il lor thu bor-t intereststif llioculintry." That was tho policy, tho honorable member pro ce drd to say, which lu; would I'u.tutmitoiiil lo gonllcmati on that side ol' the lnu.-o . ard hu now lold them thoy worn not doing their duty to their constituents who wero anxiously itt favour of tho ballot, nor to public itioiiilily, which Butlered so nundi fur want of tho ntteuess nf thal, question, by going on year niter year, disuii»H¡ng mid dividing und registering their opinions upon it without taking nny further stop to rn.wy thoso opinions into practico. (Cheers) Ho (Air. Ilright) could not lind any mau opp sed to tho question who said that any harm would nriso from thu experi- ment. Thu only nrgiimotil that bad over been usol against it was that willoh lind burn us il by thc noble lord, us reminded men promising their vote ami (liking a bribe, nml voting another wily. Thora wns n considerable cl.ISM of elcutors who did not nt present volo at nil, mid a very considerable class who vated nguinst their own will, or tit their own risk, if their voto was conscientious. All these clas-es would ho thelterod utidor tho hallo , mid bo enabled to cuoicisu llitir fruuclilso inde- pendent I j', HO ns lo bu lu n lositlou to spurn mon who cuino to Hiern for their v.iles with a limed twig in their hands. Mun wight obtain votes hy kindness, but they wooli not obtain them "by in- timidation or by bribery in tíntense, und be (Mr. Ilright) lind no objection to tho inlliitiioe of Mildness .ar of reason lu tho nny of voles. Ho (Mr. Ilright) did not know why tho ques- tion should bc imtdu a puny question, (hear, hour.) ' Ho believed that ninny p'nucs, counties and even borough;, v.unlit not tm nit« red lu ro «poet of their representation by thu ballot. Hut when ho saw cuses nf In.nish ip mid tyranny on thc part ol' luiul'onls mid others, enough to broik tho henil ol' tiny mun, hu could only como lo tho conclusion that lo give liberty oven tn a low ol' the niifortiinnto victims <f tho wealth-power of this country, wou'tl be ti sullletetit causo to Induce him to voto fur thu ballot. 'I ll« right honorable Hinüber for Midhurst iu:d hu (Mr. Urlght) were tuuinlirrs ufa committee nt piu-cul sitting un tho fabrication of billilly bills without thu bull it j hut he did not bolievu It possible by any modo of punishment that coal I ha devised io prevent bribery and unmiplioti unless by Ilia ballot; «hilo ns regaided liitiinldaliu'i, it was morally certain timi with thu best Iiilfntlous, tho oi iu initleo would not ho ublu lo pi nd nco n bill «hieb would havo nny icnslhlo effect uroii it. Tho ob- jection to Hueiel voting tins us uiiit'iisonubln us would hu un objection tu a tuan who went lo thc liustlngH in it * cn b lo avoid hoing hustled in the ctoivd. . The pi inch.lo ol' thu bulbi, therrl'uio, 'was'iiol mw, lind nil timi trna nsi rd was tliut lt should bo ittioptod. Air. WIUTESlDK.siild ho would ho ern I cut to leuvo thu question ol' principle tn thu argument, of tho nublo lord tho member for Tivmfnti, satisilid with thu result upon thu hoii-e. The liiinoriitilu member fur jMittiuhcstcr bud fi .nl.ly avowed thai ho would not, argue, (lia question-and be sbowoct I.i" discrétion hy hooping his word). He (Mr. 'Whiteside) was satisfied that the noble lord hadr spuken iii» seme of iho house and of the country un tho question, and had placed ic in a position which it had not occupied before by bis manly, eloquent, and pnro'y English srcecl/ihfihrj.irhicb ho (Mr. Whitvfide) tho i^ht cugVt to oi nvert, if it ha l i.ot convert-il, lin-right hnncrnble memtier for Southwark. ( Lu-igh'or, and bear.) The hnnorulilo iin-mhcr for Jlnm-hetter said that there was uo argument in tho speech of tho noble lord ; but, uevurtholess, thc nobb- lord bsd prossed ono argument upon tho poi, t which; in his1' (Mr. Wuitesidc's) mind, and he behoved also in thut of the house, wns irresistible - namely, th'it tho fiunehlso was in tho nature of ». trust, to bo exercised for ibo uso and benefit of the community nt hirgo ; and that it should, therefore., be excrcis-d openly m.d above board, (ll.nr.J Thut argument hutt not hcen- nnsnerbd by ibo bonoiivhln member for Miinchcster, except in n mode to which that lim.omble member wns only toa umeii accustomed, and which ouly sntis fled tho huiioinillo inomber himself. (Lnughter.) Tho houu'ublo member for W nliall hnd'uskoa how nu Knglish llousu of Com mens could refuse the ballot to Knglishiiieu when they saw how it operated in Franca. Hut li« (Mr. Whiteside) would »sk, in return, lo.il tho ballot preserved constitutional freedom in timi country ? On the ron rury, hud ii not, by oilier nid, utterly aimi bilutcd and destroyed il ? (Hear, hear.) Another honorable geiitlouian bsd spoken ot America. Hud the ballot rep!ess d ex'ernul violtiicennd blood- shed ut . h etuuis in Anio-ici? He (Mr. White- side) lind p esorvedun ucocuut of ? lie Into election for New Voik, -tho c.ipitnl of the great republic,, und «bat. Mory il.d il tell? Thu t-tiiteniiiit wns to ibo elf i t that tho Keenes of tllsordor und vio- lence ih.it cu-utd would t iko volumen to dc- . rei I lie. If the ballot «ns «hat tho houornblo member il scribed, why oh. nhl vlolouce, ? .disorder, mid bloodshed have churacteiisoií the olectien ht New York? That single fott countervailed... tho argument 'ot tho honorable member in tho most cil'-'Ctuul ?Halinor Ile (Mr. Whitesid-) did not inonu to» say H ut those teuues were produced by thc ballot, -. or that ibo outhit was a.lver.-u to thu republican torin of government î but ho did inenii to say thut it was entirely unsuited lo a I Imite cl monarchy, mid that it wa» not ol' power to prc- ? vont iliauiMer, Ll odshud, mid violence (hour), lt wai urged thut the ballot would ournie secrecy, and to protect tho voter. If, however, any great - examplu could bo shown vt hero it did not effect-' these objects, thu assen ion fell to the ground.. Thai fcuoh wns tho cane, he (Mr. Whiteside); thought lie could prove. The honorable iiicinl>ur. for Manchester saul tho landlords in ibis country persecuted their servants if they voted otherwise limn io accordance with their wishes. Ho (Mr.. Whiteside) bc Hovel thut lo bo exaggcrution as regarded-Ihe gentry el'Ung land, who crrtuinly wero nut tyrants hy nalino, but who, on the con- trary, wore tlio pmaei'vcra of thut liberty whioh. hal been obtained for them by thu blood of their; forefuihors (hear). Hut supposing thom to bo ly i mit i, winn operated upon tboui nt prosent to - repress . their nssumud tendencies? Why only puDho ojiiuton, ii fr oe pres«, ami the expression of tho just liidigun-iou of oil honest mid moral uieu iu tho community. If, liuwcvor, tho l-iillot wus adopted, there would ho no longer any check upon them ; tho landlords in that ? . casu uiighi peidvcute us much us they otiose, mid. ' to any remonstrance thoy iiiight reply thut the. - voto being secret limy kuc-w uotbing of il, mid" thercl'oro could not nu presumed to persecute on. 11111180010\. Tire ballot consequently would pro- tect tho persecutor, if suoh lhere wits, ns well as- tin) voter, lint even cupposiug the hon'oraolo gelltluuinn euu'il pro ec. ibo voter against his hindloid, how tumid he protect him in lrel.nd, for example, against, thu priest f (Hear.) ll« (Mr.. W.) iidmi tod that thu ii.tluencj of a landlord might oporitu uufiivoui'iibly upon tho mind of» tenant voter ; hut, ut the .same time, ho could nat allow that ibo ii.llneiico ol' property, station, edu- cation, and nbdity was u her than n whnlu time iuttuenco, and not tyranny. Hut evon admitting tluit thu landlord's inUuonco wns improperly oxcr oiscd, hu (Mr. Vt.) would u«k, wus thu inflilvnco of tho pi iest nover exercised in the t-anto mannet ? (tlenr.) How did tho honorable gentlemun pro- pino to protect tho voter, therefore, from tho - priest, mid ir. m tho confessional ? (Hoar.) Ho (Mr. W.) hud no doubl Hint eve y honorable grn tlemiiu rotu'rucd by tho.-o inllncnoes would vote fo« tliu motion in ordur togivo increased powur to tho priesthood tn the elections. (Hoar.) Tho bono rublo member,- however, when he complained of thc purseou lions of lund lenin in this country should ills j look nt thu elco! inn leen de of Iroltiud, and should note thc soeurs that took place in Cork, Cline, mid other parts of that country, win ru prnperty^fbriune, und lii'olligencc wero heaton down 'and trampled under foot by that li.flaonou Thür« waa, io fact, only one body in ibo oin puu exempt If om ¡is til til clfcots-that body was tho Krecinn-ons, who had tot it nt ile fi- ance, though ninny metubeis ul' that body wu o Hollian Cai holies. Hut what WAS thc ioMiltf Why ibo hooioly wns denounced by tho prie ta, because it jrufcsscil seoresy. Tho l'uot wus, that tho lionsti'd ballot ol' the houornblo gout loman would di-clo-o to priests nil thut which lie nils so anxious to conceal ; mid so leuvu tho voter still moro unprotected I lin ii ho wus ut preach!-at least lu Ireland. Tho honorable gentleman had alluded to America in illustration of his case. Hut hied Ibo ballal taught I leedom to Amci ica ? (Ilearr hoar.) Kn odom in its right sense? (Hour, bear.) lind il tnught them tu grunt, liberty to their shu cs? ll' ibo system ol' hhigluud wita coiitni.-ted with thul of this blunted republic, it would bu lound, even on the most cursory viow. Hint lim rights (d' humanity which wero ti'iunplod under foot in America, wero heue held nimrod. The billot, in fsct, hud not taught Americans to libei alu their fellow-iuc-u fi oui buiulago ; nud they would continuo disgraced, in tho words ot Channing, mid a stain would rest on them, until they o.ipied thu volo of thu Kiigimh parliamcHt mut tel theil- slaves fi oe. ( Ilene.} Tho honorable gentleman hud mid thu ballot would OHIO lirlboi-y nutt eoriiiption, mill he lind stilted that there were a number nf eases ol' cor- ruption ni ¡sing out of tho hist elections. Ile (Mr. W.), li .wovor, nssei-lud thu', not ons caye hud been shown in which there was tiny hésita- tion on the part ol' tho house tu uuiuiuk corrup- tion, mid that iii no insinuée ju whioh ii was proved did it escupo ptini-hmciu. Hut was thc honorable gentleman righi when hu argued Hint coriupliun would lie punished thrungli ibu h il lot ami 'Hie'briber roached t Hu (.Mr. W.), fur one, «aw no machinery by which those ohjuuis could bo accomplished. Aa tu tho notion ol preventing bribery by piinivhincnl; thal waa n thing not to be done. As lung us human nature una vicious, so long would ooiriiplion hu nf ell'eol, mid hu (Mr. W.) I en rod ii would bo inoro i ll'cctive under Hm operation of ibu ballot tliiin heloiu. .Much hud been sahl of the freodotn of thu teeret volo, but whut country in Humpa enjoyed real liburty, oxcept this country, wliero thu Inti lot had no existence 1 Winn need to spunk ol' I'Vimou, Belgium, or Sardinia'.' H Hm liber.y of England beoamo the prey of tyranny, hu» lung would ibo system In either ol those cunnii ¡es stund? Nut ii moment. (Hear.) Liberty wits not prusurvod hy thu bullet, mid il would - exist when the ballot wns un longer bearii of. Liburty existid alone through thu virtue ol' tho greul Jiinss of Ibo people, end il vina unfair, there- fore, to this country lo say thul lt was going backward, because it lind not tho secret v« lo. Of all thu (ethical crotchuts ever invented, hu (Mr. Whiteside) thought tho secret volo nus timi ibo leimt uiilcuhilod to iiioieu«e the stoitk ol' public virtue in nny country, or to »liiuuhiio tho lulelli gonue of the people. If there were, ns t he huiior n bio member slut nd, ii body ol' por-ons lu this country who could liol oxi-rulse tho righi lo vote which "they pinHessed without, injury lo thnir pocket, thal only proved thin. Ibu t'uiunliiso had geno toi low. (Hein-, und un.) Thu 1 ViueliIso was, given lou mun bec.iuso bonus siipposeil to . rossi sa a freu »ill -, and it should nut ho given lo> him if ho dill not. Tin rc was n gient, un intelli- gent, und nu Independent, h aly ot persons io thia uoimtiy who o nhl uxoie.su a bei.uncial itiiliiunce upou tho piinlio mind; hui ii wus illlleruii. iu other poi Ilpili n! tho empire. Th« nrgiiiiicul. of ibu iiulilu lor I, however, hud in in's (.Mr. White side's) opinion answered every soggoslio i itt I'uvotir of tho billilli ; and hu (Mr. Wblliwidu> fully coinuilcd in thut arg um. ut. ( 7b ie Continued.) 