A TEMPERANCE SKETCH.; ' (From the New York Tribune.) TEN CENTS A-DAT.-Who that lias been cognizant of things at tho Five-Points for a score of years does not know " father Burke," long a resident in>the dark chambers of thcvltl Brewery-rlong a drunkard, but for twelve ycaw a strict observer of temperance. "For," says he, " it is twelve' years this night since I signed the Washington temperaiico pledge, with a .full de- termination that I would keep it, and truly I have. ~ Arid now, although an old man, I feel that my chance for a dozen years more is .far better than it was "for à dozen weeks before.I signed thc pledge; for.of all my old associates, all thc riien wiio lived at that fimo in the rat holes of that old building, every one of, them is in a drunkard's gravel I alone am alive. Many, I too, that commenced their down career long after I commenced uiy. upward one, have also gone tb the grave." Being asked why ho cpntinuod to live there among such wretched company, after he .bad he j conic .sober himself, he replied: "Because that was thc very place for inc to do'gpod.' If I , could not favo the parents, I could save thc children." " Yes, yes, you saved minc-saved me-saved my family from utter ruin-yes," said a well dressed tine-looking labouring man-"yes, y .u saved mo from a drunkard's grave.' Look at me now; d-i f look like the ragged dirty loafer that used to livcin yonder iniserablo garret? j[ .wear good clothes now for I cari oflordrit;: I get two dollars a day at my trade,' and I savo thc'money. Lqok at that well-dressed wuman. $bo is now the wife of a sober.mechanic- agopd mason, and she lias a home, sho dpcs'npt livetwith a .drunken luisband in a hovel, mit fit for tho dogs to live in.' Look at that girl, «ow almost grown tb womanhood; That is my daughter. That is the little pill that Father' Burke persuaded.to sigii tlio pledge, and wh<> afterward refused tp" gp after runt ,'for '.her father, andT who finally per- suaded that father .to sign it, .and now here Ve are to commemorate this, glorious . independence from tlio worst of sjayery-tho slavery pf; drunkenness.' i came to thw niectingjg.com- memorate tho twelfth apriivcrsary pf*Fathor Burke's redemption 'frpm a drunkard's fato-^-'tho fate pf all dr dugards." ''?".,' ",:. J ' . A. little girl, brice a poor .forsaken child, in thc Five Peints, now adopted hy kind parents, sent a letter and á little sum of money - to remind Father Burke that once, when she was near starv- ing, he had fed lier, and that she still remembered the kind act with gratitude. We asked .thc old mati if ho thought ho wasted f r liquor a sum equal to ten pents u-day, and he relied that it was more than that. ." -Then if \you -saved from that worse", than waste only teri 'cents' a-àny .for twc)ve years, which is 4,330 days,~it makes tho sum. of four hundred and thirty-eightdollars, which you haye had to ripply ip the comforts pf life.'' . . " lt hag done far niora than ,tliat for me, for besides ' tho temporal'corafi)rtó, such .as money can buy. such as 1 never had : in my drinking day?, it has given me such peace of mind ns. up .d^nka.rd cane vor feel." . ?? TiiB CuiiiWELi,''Gùb«T.-This' tale, whfcli 'a few years ago attracted' so much attcnti iii, has just been "revived iu'Chilwcll arid'its neighbour-^ hood: -'-.It' will" bo'' remembered' , that a" Scotch' hawker, who _went th ron git thc""district'with drapery gSods. suaderily-aiscontirincd- his visits" notwithstanding 'thc foot'Hint considerable'sums were owing to him in'tho' 'neighbourhood. Re- port said, ho was murdered, and went so far as to charge a njan iiamcdBpglcy.witht,ho crime. .Tho, ground for'this was, tli'at' it \vo's said hó'liad án' extraordinary quantity of crisco and. other similar gpod's'iii his' possession' immediately áfteí , tl io pedlar disappeared! ' Nothing '.further, however^ was learnt about tho matter, until]tho man Bagley on Ins de^h-li.cd,. awakened ' afresh all .tlio rumours by 'ipaking ' some' ' half unintelligible allusions, tb " the' axe' in the dyke." Tho mari died,'and' thenceforwards' Yas;'positively pro- nounced to berthe murderer, tho ho.usc' also os decisively being declared toÍ bei haunted." Sirigit Wly'enough,''on "Saturday week, á man named Joseph Shrewsbury, who was engaged iriclcau iifg out'h'dyko near " tho'ghost.house,'' found a large axe embedded in tho rubbish which hus for many yearn heen' liccumulatiiig^^Jf is a large, licdgo cutter's br labourer's axe, measuring ten irúíhés In'lerigtK.'and five and ii "quarter in breadth at'the point, mode pf" excellent çloso-grained inatoiial,' whjeh' lias resisted in a great measure tho iiifiuences at'wo.rk. tb'.'cbrrpde it'.' It is stated that ilic 'dyko h'as.'iibt ( jipen cleansed out siucc tho plantation was rilado-above twenty years ago; und of cliiirsö .it is belhïvcd by many that tbehxc found is ttió asp b^ tho lujrid.bf 'tho.ticing Bag- ley.- lioitii\gh'amt'7dutnaK *-« 