MORMON ISM. ( Concluded from our last.) The following is the continuation trom our . :last number of President Young's address:— My Christian brethren' in the world say it is a piece of folly — a species of extreme nonsense to believe that water will wash away sins. It is 110 matter to mo what they .say ; it is a com- iniuidment of the Lord ; there is no mistake in it ; it tells for itself. He says do thus and so, and your sins' shall bo washed away. I care not how t they are taken away ; whether an aiigol takes thein to tho Lord to get forgiveness, whether they, sink to tho bottom of the stream or float on the top, ami be scattered to tho four winds ; he says, go into the water and bo baptised, and tlmy shall bo washed away, which is enough for mo. On this point also tho Christian world and the Mormons disagree. But I want to know if wo ngreo with tho teaqhings of tho Biblo in our belief aiid practice. The Latter Day Saints bo- . Hove in doing just what the Lord has told them to do in his book. If they go forth and are bap tised for the remission of sins, their .sins aro re mitted to them, if they go with all good conscionco calculating to servo the Lord all tho rest of their days. What next? Jesus instructed his servants nftor they had baptised bolievers, to lay their hands upon them for the gift of tho Holy Ghost. Wo believe in that ; what do you believe con cerning it, Mr. B.? 4 Why, I beliovo it is neces sary to givo up our hearts to God.' Wo beliovo that as much as you do. ' L believe in going to our groat meetings, to our prayer meetings, and protracted meetings, and camp meetings, and reformation' meetings ; for they aro got up for tho purpose of exciting tho feelings of tho peo plo ; I beliovo in.going there and struggling with tho Lord for tho forgiveness of sins.' Wo do not. euro how long or how loud you pray ; you may pray loud enough to break up tho roof of tho houso, and send it to the four winds, but aro you going to get the forgiveness of sins in this way? 4 0 yes, brother Mormon, do you not see the world is almost evangelised by our meetings, our tract societies, and our missionary societies. Wo' aro going to convert tho world in that way. I was converted so, and I am trying with all my might to convert others in tho same way. Wo tell sinners to go to the anxious sent to get re mission of their sins.' Here is wlioro we differ again. You tell thorn to go to tho anxious seat to got forgivoucss ; Christ, his Apostles, and wo tell thein to bo baptised for tho remission of sins. You also tell them to go to tho anxious seat to 1 get tho Holy Ghost ; wo toll thorn to receive it by the laying on of hauds, as the Biblo instructs us. 4 Well, Mr. Mormon, and do you actually ro- ceivo tho Holy Ghost in that way ?' Yes, we no. If you call for testimony to substantiate this, wo can givo tho highest, tho testimony of Jesus Christ. IIo said to his ancient servants, 4 Go and preach tho gospol to ovory creature ; ho that bolievoth and is -baptised shall bo saved, and ho that boliovoth not shall bo ilanmed. And thoso signs shall follow them thatbolievo ; in mynamo tlioy cast out devils, they shall speak with now tongues, they shall tako up seruonts, and if tlioy drink any deadly thing it shall not hurt them ; thoy shall lay hands on tho sick and tlioy shall recover.' Wo appoul to thousands in this church who can tostify to the fulfilment of this quotation. At any rato, for one I am hero to tostify to hun dreds of instancos, of men, women, and children boing healed by the power of God, through tho laying on of hands ; and mauy I havo seen riusod from tho gates of death, and brought back from tho vergo of etornity ; and some whoso spirits had actually loft their bodios returned .again. I testify that I havo scon tho sick healed by tho laying on of hands according to tho pro- miso of the Saviour. 4 Well,' says Mr. B,, 4 if you have got this groat powor, and can heal the sick by tho Inying ori of hands, come with mo and heal tho sick in our neighbourhood ; or how is it that any of you Mormons die at all?' Take your time, Mr. B., tho Bible teaches mo I am dust, and to dust-I must roturn. It is not for me to thwart tho plans of Johovah, or do away with any item of doctrine tho Lord has taught mo. From dust I am, and to dusf. I must return. So it is with tho rest of us, wo shall all die and be buried in tho silent gravo, unless wo can attain faith sufficient to overcome death. We die because wo have not conquered death, Hell, and tho gravo, But if wocontinuo obeying the gospel, you will see tho time whon you will .have that powor. . _ Hero, again, we disagree as to tho reception of tho gift of tho Holy Ghost. Mr. B. converts peoplo with long prayers and loud shouting; wo convort people by preaching repentance and baptising thein for tho remission of sins, and laying on of hands for thogiftof tho Holy Ghost, which spiritboods over themjcontinually for their good, heals thoir bodies, enlightens their minds, ami makes them humble, meek, and harmless as Jittle children. When a person rocoiyes tho Holy Ghost by logal authority, ho is like a child in its mother's lap ; all is harmony, praise to God, and good will to tho children of mon ou tho earth. They are full of peace, comfort, and salvation, jauiT feel liko crying hallolujah all tho time. Thoy aro perfectly humblo and passive, and tho Lord can do witli them as ho ploases. Will this a tu to of feeling always remain? Will passion ,evor rise again ? Yes ; for you thou commenco a. warfare, though tho comfortor fills your heart, making you rojoico in God your Saviour with tho , -atmosphere of your existence cloarand unclouded. This is not to continuo ; but soon tho day of trial and temptation darkens tho fair prospect to touch you to lean on the Lord, and to overcome .tho world. Under tho influence of tho Holy Ghost, I liiivo felt as happy as I possibly could feel ; my heart lias been full of joy ; I cling to that and hold fast to tho promiso of tho Lord in jtho hour of tomptation, and call upon him to give mo strength to overcome. I must break from tho thread of my discourso here, and say : Husbands, is that tho way you .do? Wives, do you adopt that plan whon passion arises in your hoarts against each other.? Do you call upon tho namo of Josus Christ and say, . Father, I ask thee for tho gift of thy spirit to .conquor this rising passion or do yougiYo way to it, and scold at your wives, or at your children, in bitter and vindictive language? I say shame on that man who will give way to his passions, and uso tho name of God or of Christ to curse his .ox or his horse, or any creature which God has ;nado ; it isa disgrace to him, ' After'thiS short' digression, Ilwilfagaina-eswno the thread . of ,iriy ' subject. : Yoii : remejmber the points . upon which wo disagree with bur brother Christians ; our disagreement is mutual ; thoy disagreo as much with us as wo with them. Tho Bible leads us to disagreo with all the Christian nations, and thon with all the world.- It lias drawn tho lino of demarcation betweon: thoso who .servo God and thoso who serve him' not. Tho Holy Ghost takes of the Father, and of tho Son, and shows it to the disciples. It shows them thiiigs.past, present, and to come. It opens tho vision of tho mind, unlocks .the treasures of wisdom, and tlioy begin to' understand tho things of God ; their minds are exalted on high ; their conceptions of God nnd his creatures are digni fied, and hallolujah to God and tho Lnmbin the highest, is .the constant language of thoir hearts. Thoy comprehend themselves and the great ob ject of their oxistouco. Tlioy also comprehend tho dosigns of tho wickod one, and tho dosigns of thoso whoservo'.him ; tlioy comprohend tho dosigns of tho Amighty in forming the earth, and man kind upon it, and tho ultimate purpose of all his creations. It leads them to drink at tho foun tain of eternal wisdom, justico and truth; they grow in grace and in tho knowledge of tho truth .as it is in Jesus Christ, until, thoy sco as thoy aro seen, and kiiow as tlioy aro known. 4 What 1' says Mr. B. 4 A man or a woman havo revelations in' theso days — in this enlight ened age I' " Yes, my brethron and sisters hero, botli men and women have revolutions, and I can say with Moses of old— 4 1 would to God that the Lord's people were all prophets.' But in this point wo disagree. Mr. B. is a stormor to preach, and to work upon tho sympathies of the people, and especially upon tho tender feelings of tho foinaio portion of tho congregation. He will toll about their child ren dying, and picture out tho sufferings of tho poor, little, tonder creatures. Ho will toll about their husbands dying, and about wives dying, and how thoy aro lying in tho lowly aud silent gravo. Add to this subject, which is so thrilling to tiio sensations of mortals, a peculiar trombiing, plantivo tone, and perhaps accompanied witli a shower of tears streaming down tho preacher's face, and it is well calculated to disturb tiio equilibrium of the naturally tcudor- hearted, throw them into tears and sobs, and inako them suppose it is tho operations of tho Holy Spirit, when in reality there is not one word of common sense or saving truth in all the preaching. Again, tlioy will walk up into tho pulpit and pray for God tho Father to descend into thoir midst, for Jesus Christ and angels to mingle in thoir company, and bo one with thom. Tlioy will pray for a pontecostal shower of tho 1-Joly Ghost, whereas, in very deed, tho persons who want tiio Holy Ghost, angels, tho Son, tho Father, and all hcavon in their midst, when tlioy liavo dono praying tliov will straightway tell the peoplo that God dous iiot givo tho Holy Ghost, aud that there is no such thing in these days as rcvolation ; that Joseph Smith is an impostor bccauso ho professes to huvo received now rove- lation ; that tho Latter Day Saints are all imposters, and have thrown away tho Old and New Testaments; that tlioy aro clangorous por- sons, and adviso their hearers to keop away from them or tlioy are sure to bo deluded, aud carriod away with their falso doctrines ; that thoy are the most wickod and dangerous people on tho earth, &c.; VVoll, Mr. B. oil this point you and I disagreo : Wc beliovo tho Now Testament, and conse quently to be consistent, wo must beliovo in the now. revelation, visions, angols, in all tho gifts of tho Holy Ghost, and all tho promises contained in these books, and beliovo it ubout as it reads. Wo givo great credit to tho Apostles, transla tors, ami tho fathers that have preserved and handed down tho Bible to us, thoir children, and defended it through bluod and fire. In this they havo certainly bequeathed a great bless ing to the world, if tlioy will bo guided by the plain instructions contained in that book. Tho Luttor Day Saiiitsjunderstaudjthe Biblo, as it reads, but tho generality of modern Christians disagreo with us, and say it needs interpreting. Thoy enjmot bolievo our Lord uicnns what ho says in tho 16th chapter of Mark, when ho tells his apostles 4 to go into all tho world and preach tho gospel to ovory creature ; ho that boliovoth and is baptized shall bo savod, and ho that be- lioveth not shall bo damned, and these signs shall follow thorn tliat bolievo, '&o.; Now, say they, 4 wo cannot bolievo that as it is writtou but wo have a very pretty interpretation which suits us better than .the plain text. And, furthermore, wo havo u sweeping argument that will destroy ull your system from beginning to end, and provo there is to be no more revelation.' Let lis look .at tho passage bore referred to. John while upon tho Islo of Patmos had a rovolntiou which lio wrote, and concluded tho sumo by saying— 4 For I tostify to every man that hcareth tho words of tho prophecy of this book, if any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him tho plagues that lire written in thin book ; and if any man shall tako away from tho words of tho book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of tho holy city, and from the things which aro written in this book.' When this book, tho Bible was compilod it was selected. by tho Council of Nice from a pile of books more than this pulpit could hold which has boon printed, and bound in almost all shapes and sizes, and called tho Bible. I believe Revelation was one of tho many books dostinod by that Council ;to form tiio biblo. And tho saying which wo have quoted, and which con stitutes tho sweeping argument of modern Chris tians against now revelation, only alludes to this particular book, which was to be kept sacred, as tho word of tiio Lord to John, nnd not to the wholo Biblo ; nor does it prohibit the saints in his day, or tho saints in any future time, from getting new revelation for themselves. That is not ail ; if wo turn to tho writiugs of Moses we find tiio same sentiment, and almost the sama< language used. Mosos says, 4 Ye shall not add' unto the words which I commanded you, neither sliall ye diminish ought from it, that ye may keop tho commandments of the Lord your God which I commanded you.' So if such quotations are givon with tho intent to shut the hoavens, and put an end to all now revelation, thon tho revelations givon to prophets after Mosos and tiio revelations givon to Jesas Christ and his apostles, including John and his revelation on tho Isle of Patmos, all amount to nothing, and are not worthy of our notice. Tho 4 swooping argument,' whon it is oxainined, swoops away rather too much ; besides, John's gospel and his epistle to his brethren were writtou after he wroto his re volution on the Islo of Patmos, consequently he would destroy his own system ; but it sets forth the ignoranco'and short-sightedness of tlioso who havo not tho testimony of Jesus, which is the spirit of prophecy. In this wo disagree. Thoy say tho Biblo needs interpreting ; that it does not mean what it sets forth; that tho Holy 'Ghost has not been given sin.co tho days of tho Apostles ; that there is no need of any. more revelation, tho canon of scrip ture boing full. My knowledge is, if you will follow tho teachings of Jesus. Christ, and his apos tles, as recorded in tho New Testament, ovory man and woman will bo put in possession of tho Holy Glioit: evory person will become u prophet, seer, and rovelutor, and an expoundorof truth. — They will know tilings that are, that will be, and that havo boon. They will understand things ill heaven, tilings on tho earth, and things.undur tho earth, things of time, and tilings of eternity, ac cording to their sovoral callings and capacities. There is one idea ontortained by tho Mormons which is somewhat of a stumbling-block to tho peoplo, and apostates liandlo it to siiit their pur- poso. It is, that wo consider tiio Biblo merely as a guide, or finger-board, pointing to a cortnin destination. This is a truo doctrine, which wo boldly advance. If you will follow the doctrines, , '.r and bo' guided'1 by tho prqpepts of that book, it- will direct you whero!you may soo iur you are sccii ; where you may 'coiivorso with Josus Christ, havo -the visitation of angols, dreams, visions,' and revolutions, and understand and , know God for yoursolvcs. _ . Is it not a stay aud a staff to yon? _ Yes : it will prove to yon that you aro following in the footsteps of the aucients. You can see what thoy saw, understand what thoy understood, aud enjoy what thoy- enjoyed. Is this throwing the Biblo away? No, -not at all ; but it adds faith ; to faith, virtue to virtue, knowledgo to kiiowlqdgo,: light to light, truth to truth ; for truth cmbraco3 truth, light cleaves to light, and overy holy prineiplo cleaveth to its 'owii. We havo. always differed in these items. T havo always, from my first experience, been ready to talk, convorse, and oxchango ideas with every man and woman in whoso society I havo chanced to. bo thrown. .1 say. to all .parties, I. havo no quarrels with you ; no contentions, but I am willing to exhibit my belief boforo yon, for it is tho doctrine of tho Now Testament, which is also the doctrine of tho Book of Mormon, and tho Book ofDoctrino and Covenants, which books contain the revelations of Jesus Christ and lend to otornal life. I givo them to you freely. If you havo got anything extra, and worth more than I have, why not bo willing to give to mo as I am to givo to you. Ilavo you got truo principles of Christianity ? They are also mine. I never had any occasion to have a quarrel or debate .with anv man, ... You say you belong to tho Presbyterians ; it is no matter if you litivq got the truth. Are you a Calvinist'or a Wosloyan, it is no matter .if you have got tho truth ; that truth is also mine. Do you belong.to tho Methodist's society ? And have you got the truth ? It is right, that truth is Mor- monisin, it is my proporty. Aro you a Quaker? — It is iio matter, if you havo tho truth, aiid that satnc truth is mine. Are you a Catholic, and, got tho truth, that is my doctrine, and I will not quarrel about it. 44 Well," says one, 44 1 am a Jew ; I g u oss T can got up a quarrel with you." No, you cannot. I shall not contend with you, for tho Jews have got truo principlos, nnd thoy possess no truth but what belongs to Mormon- isin ; for tlioro is not a truth on earth or in heaven, that is not embraced in Jformonism. Another stops forward and says, 44 1 am a pagan ; I think you will not ngreo witli mo." Yes I will as far as you follow tho patli of truth ; and when you havugot to thcoml of that, I will givo you more truth ; but if you reject it, it is your own busiucss, and not mine. I will not ask any porson to embrace anything that is not in tho "Now Testumopt, until they have, asked God if it is truo oruntruo, who will satisfy them if tlioy ask in faith, nothing doubting. I will not ask any person to ombrace tho Book of Mormon nnd Doctrino and Covenants, to bolievo that wo talk with God and angols until they find out tho truth -of it for themselves. If you say you beliovo it, bccauso I say it is true, aud never seek to know it for yourselves, my testimony will do you very littlo good. For nie to say, I believe in Christ and not obey the gospel, will do me very little good ; to say that Joseph Smith is a prophet, and not oboy his gos pel, would not profit me. This may bo considered strong language. But I will say further : if I could attain to tho know ledge of all truo principles that havo ever oxisted, and do not govern myself by thorn, tlioy will damn mo deeper in liell than if I bad never known anything about thoni. I havo noticed a few principles upon which tho Christian world, so called, and tho Latter Day Saints disagree. Now lot mo say to you my hearers, hero is tho New Testament, you may leave out tho Book of Mormon, and tiio Book of Doctrino and Covenants— and follow tho precepts of that Uook faithfully, and I will warrant you to arrive at salvation . 44 That is what wo havo believed nil tho timo" — say come ; 44 wo novor did beliovo in gathering to tho Salt Luko Valley ; I have always bolicved tho Lord could save us in our own land as woll as in America. Cannot tho Lord save us in England as well as in that far off distant valley ? And I novor thought it was very necessary to ombraco tho Book of Mormon." But if you will follow up tho testimony of that book (the Now Testament) and square your lives strictly by its doctrines, procoptsand command- mouts, you will coino to me and say, 44 brother Brigliam baptize mo, that I may receive the Holy Ghost, for tho Lord has told me that I must bo baptised for tho remission of my sins by one wiio lias authority, and tho L. D. S. hold tho koys of tho kingdom ; and by that means find out that tho Book of Mormon is true, that Joseph Smith was a truo prophot of the Lord ; that an angol from heaven administered to him, and that tho L. D. Saints havo got tho true Gospel ; that John tho Baptist came to Joseph Smith and committed to him tho koys of tho Aaronic Priest hood,' and that Peter, James, and John also came to him, and gave him thof koys of tho Molchise- dok Priosthood, which is after tho ordor of the Son of God. 44 And now brother Brigham, Josoph lias sent an angel to me, wiio has told mo nil about it, and I am going witli you to tho Salt Lako Valloy in tho mountains." So by faithfully attending to tho first principles of tho gospol laid down in tho New Testament, you aro introduced into tho knowledge of tho works of God in the dispensation of tho fulness of times. I say to the Christian world, all this is as truo as tho Lord God liveth ; but is this my testimony to convert anybody? No. Neverthe less it is verily true. . If tho Christian world would follow tho .in structions of tho New Testament, thoy would bolievo the doctrines of tho L. D. Saints ; and our swords will bo beaten into plowshares, and our spears into pruning hooks, and we should hail eaeli othor as brethren. All quarrelling upon these plains would corno to an end, and all desire to injure oacli other would cease. The word in each. porgou's. mouth would be "brother,, what earil do for you? Havo I anything you need that l ean servo you with, which is necessary to administer to your sick wife and children ? Are your cattlo lost, and shall I help you to find thpm ?" All tho weapons of warfare would be buried in tho dust, no more to be resurrected, and each man would say, 44 come let us hail each other as brethren, aud do each other good in stead of evil." How is it witli tho L. D. Saints ? I dare scarcely talk about them. Wo that have been insido among tho saints, have known longor than you who havo been outsido, that tlioy aro not over rightoous, though vvo are not guilty of what you think wo are. Let mo explain. A man or woman who has ombraced, and enjoys tho principles of this church, ought to live like angels. . Thoy ought .never to bo angry with each .other, but live in tho light of truth continually, and every man bo kind to his neighbour. Instead of. that, there is bickering, quarrelling and hard feelings, and mon who are seeking to build up themselves and get glory at tho expense or thoir brethren., I would not giyo.much for the exaltation of such men, unless they seek to do good for this peoplo, aiid tho peoplo immediately around them. The' Lord doos not thank you for your alms, long prayers, sanctimonious speeches, and long /aces, if you refuse to extend the hand of bonovo- lenco and charity to your follow-eroatures, and lift thom up and encourago and strengthen the feoblo while thoy are contending against the current of mortal ills. Ceaso your angqr and sullonness of tomper, nnd servo tho Lord with cheerfulness, and single ness of heart. You need not expect salvation except you can administer tho ; same salvatioij to others both in precept and example. If you oxpect compussiop from1 mo, administer tho same to mo. If you wish kind' words and, kind treat ment from mo, givo mo tho same blossing you desire yourself ; and that is the way you will bo saved. . . I say, 0 ,ye Latter Day Saints! cdnBO your wickedness ; servo, the Lord with all your hearts aud keep your covenants with God and your brethren. Then wc shall gain tho victory, and our warfare very soon will coino to a eloso. Wo will gain tho uppor hand of tho enomy and sub due our foe, and find ourselvos , in heaven with our families and friends. This is Zion ; and if we do not get this union among ourselves it is not Zion that will make us happy. We must begin and make Zion in .our own hearts, and thon extend it to our neigh bourhoods, and so continuo until tho Lord shall reign upou tho earth. These broken remarks I have denlt out to you freely. May God bless you, Amen. 