REVIEW. NOTES' AND EMENDATIONS TO THE TEXT OF SHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS, from early manuscript corrections in a copy of the Folio, 1632, in the possession of J. PAYNE COL- LIER, ESQ., F. S. A. Second Edition. 1 vol. 8vo. London : 1853\. ' THIS is a very remarkable book, and, if we mistake not, those of our readers who are Shakespearian students, and have not seen the volume, will feel themselves highly indebted to us for bringing it under their notice, lt is not saying too much, to'affirm, that, after the lapse of upwards of two centimes, the genuine text of the " prince of poets " is, in numerous instances, placed before us for the first time by these "emendations." The alterations in many cases flash upon the mind with the conviction of truth, and in the judgment of plain common sense leave rio room to doubt that we have here restored to us the Veritable language used by Shake- speare. The circumstances attendant upon the discovery of this literary gold mine, are curious and deserving of relation. Tiley are simply these. In the spring of 1849, Mr. J. P. Collier,.who had some years before edited the works of Shakespeare, happened to be in the shop of a bookseller named Rodd, residing in Great Newport-street, London, when a parcel of books arrived from the country. Amongst them was a copy pf the second folio edition of Shakespeare, published in 1632. It was in a dilapidated condition, but Mr. Coll ier, thinking that he mig'ht be able, from its tattered pages, to select a few leaves for the purpose of repairing another oopy of the second folio, purchased it for the sum; of thirty shillings. It was placed in the hands .of a collator and. examined. The imme- diate object of the purchase failed, and' the purchaser thought that he had misspent his money... The volume was consequently placed upon a shelf and neglected, until Mr. Collier, being about to leave London to reside at Maidenhead, made a selection of books to take with him, the-remainder pf his library being destined for the gloomy seclusion of the Pantechnicon." The Shakespeare folio of 1632, was happily amongst the selected few, for Mr.,Collier, in turning over its pages remarked that.it contained "manuscript al- terations of the text in an old hand writing-- probably not of a later date than the Protectorate." In the retirement of the country, leisure was afforded for further investigation. It was found that there was scarcely a page without emendations of more or less im portance- rsome of them highly valuable-and amounting in the aggregate to upwards of 20,000: The volume was now placed, in the hands of the Council of the Shakespeare Society: the Council agreed with Mr. Collier as to the importance.of ' his acquisition, and thertsult has been the appearance of.the book under consider- ation, which is intended as supplementary to Collier's .octavo edition; and a new edition of Shakespeare's plays in one volume, royal octavo, in which all the emendations of the old annotator are incorporated. Tn his introduction Mr. Collier remarks " I have read and stu- died our great dramatist for nearly half a.century, and if I could read and study him for half a century more, I should yet be far from arriving at an accurate knowledge of his works, er an ade- quate appreciation of his worth." The British public has stamped the seal of approbation on- Mr. Collier's editorial labours. His " authority bears such a credent bulk," that it is not to be disre- garded ; and he has not hesitated to avow his conviction " that we are bound to admit by far the greater body of the substitutions con- tained in the corrected folio, as the restored language of Shake- speare." And he adds " as he was especially the Poet of real life, so he was emphatically the poet of common sense ; and to the ver- dict of common sense I am willing to submit all the material al- terations recommended on the authority before me. -If they will not bear that test, as distinguished from mere verbal accuracy in following old printed copies, I, for one, am content to relinquish them." We shall, without further preface, proceed to place some of these substitutions' before our readers ; and shall show that the old annotator, by the simplest of all possible corrections;-in some places by the mere alteration of aletter-in others hy the trans- position of a preposition or a colon-mak¿s corrupted and contested passages, which the learning and acuteness of Drs. Warburton and Johnson, and the critical acumen of Stevens, Malone, Blackstone, Douce, anet a host of commentators, sought in Yain to unravel, plain to the judgment of common sense. Almost at random we select the following emendations, In Act 1, scene 5, of Macbeth, Lady Macbeth says " Come, thick night, And pall thee in the dunnest smoke of hell, That my keen knife see not the,wound it makes, Nor heaven peep through the blanket of the dark, To cry, 'Hold, hold !'" " ^ The commentators seem not to have suspected any corruption in this passage, though the expression " blanket of the dark " mie:ht reasonably enough have made them suspicious. The emended folio for " blanket " reads." blankness" and we feel that the read- ing is Shakespearian. . . . In the 7th scene of the same Act, Lady Macbeth, in reproach^ ing her husband for his want of resolution, says- , " What beast was't then, That made you break this enterprise to me ?" The language is not very lady-like, yet it has passed without' comment. The corrector, by the alteration of a letter, reads " boast " for " beast," and the vulgarism is avoided. Thc destruction of all sense by the inisplacing of a colon, was, perhaps, never more emphatic than in the ' following passage from, the Merchant of Venice. It occurs in Act 3, Sc.- 2, where Bassanio is commenting on the caskets. " Thus ornament is but the guiled shore To a most dangerous sea ; the beauteous scarf . Veiling an Indian beauty : iii a word ' The seeming truth which cunning times put on To entrap the wisest." For " Indian beauty," Sir Thomas Hanmer proposed toread "Indian dowdy." seeing, no doubt, that there was no consonance between a " guiled " or " treacherous shore," as Stevens interprets the expression, and a veiled " Indian beauty." j Collier's amended folio gives the passage as follows.-The j simple transposition of the colon from after to before the word beauty, making sense of nonsense. " Guiled" .is also changed to " guiling," which is an improvement. " Thus ornament is but the guiling shore To a hiost dargeroussea, the beauteous scarf Veiling an Indian : beauty, in a word The seeming truth whieh'cunning times put on . To entrap the wisest." In the tragedy of Hamlet, Act 1, Sc. 2, Horatio is describing the effect produced upon'Marcellus, and. Bernardo, by the appear- ance of the ghost. He says . " Whils't they, distill'd Almost to jelly with the act of fear, Stand dumb, and speak not to him." The passage has been received as genuine, the commentators passing it without observation, except to remark that the first folio, 1623, reads bestiU'd. The old annotator reads " bechill'd " which certainly affords a more satisfactory meaning than either of the other words. In the King's soliloquy Act 3, Sc. 3, beginning " O, my offence is rank," we read " In the corrupted currents of this world, Offence's gilded hand may shove by justice ; And oft 'tis seen, the wicked prize itself Buys out the law." The words " wicked prize " do not convey a very intelligible meaning, but they are. the allowed reading. If we read according ' to th« emended folio " And oft 'tis seen, the wicked purse itself Buys out the law," we have at least what can easily be understood. Hamlet discoursing with Horatio Act 5, Sc. 2, says, according to the received editions " Let us know Our indiscretion sometimes serves us well "When our deep plots do pall." This passage has given rise to many comments. Pope and some subsequent editors substituted " fail" for "pall," but the emenda- tion of late years has been rejected, and " pall " again appears in the text in all its original obscurity. Pope, however, was right, for we have the sentence thus in the emended folio ; " Let us own Our indiscretion sometimes serves us well When our deep plots do fail." In a speech by Prospero, in the Tempest, Act 1, Sc. 2, the fol- lowing celebrated passage occurs : " He being thus loaded Not only with what my revenue yielded, But what my power might else exact, like one Who having, unto truth, by telling of it, Made such a sinner of his memory, To credit his own lie,-he did believe He was indeed the Duke." The " Tempest " was first printed in the folio of 1623, in which edition " unto truth " appears " into truth." Dr. Warburton made the necessary correction. As corrected the text has stood ever" since. Monck-Mason would read " Who having unto truth, by telling oft " Which reading appears to be approved of by Malone, though Bos- well does not see that it much helps the passage. Nor do we. The preposition " un " is placed before the wrong word-it should he joined to " truth." and not to "to," as will be evident when we read the passage as corrected by the old annotator. " Who having to untruth by telling of it Made such a sinner of his memory . To credit his own lie," &c.; What has always been a difficulty is thus easily removed, lt is impossible, we think, to doubt but that Shakespeare's expression is now before us : the only wonder is that what appears so very obvi- ous should have escaped the learned sagacity of' all the critics. The alteration of a single letter in another speech of Prospero's, gives, as Collier observes, "ahigher and finer sense" than the received reading. The speech occurs in the scene we have already quoted from : he is speaking to Miranda. " Wipe thou thine eyes ; have comfort. The direful spectacle of the wreck, which touch'd The very virtue of compassion in thee, I have with such provision in my art So safely ordered, that there is no soul-. No, not so much perdition as a hair, , Betid to any creature in the vessel." Por " nrovision " Collier's annotator trives " nrevision." (To be continued.) 