..';.' !. :.-*'» . ? ' ' TAiSMANIAir, ' HOBART TOWN, MAY 20, 18.4. THE- PRESS AND COMMERCIAL COMPANIES. An amusing épisode at a Meeting for pro- moting áteatn Oommi.niçation between Hobart Town and Sydney may merit some attention. It seems that the duty of the press has .been negligentl) performed. .The editorial fires have not fiand up sufficiently. The steam has, therefore, merely curled round the surface of the water ; the piston has shown only u paralytic motion, and the paddles have hardly moved. Thus Pr. Crooke, accustomed to trace diseases of the pocket as well as of the body, discovers the origin of this unnatural indolence in the newspapers. For our part we do not believe that there is any real indiffereuce to « project, so1 obviously desirable. The public are entitled to deliberate before they accept the proposals of com paniea, however respectable the numes of their supporters. Whenever that caution shall slumber the efforts will be most disastrous. Were large pre fita ceitain, or what is the same, thought to b'e certain,, the share office would he subject to a siege. The disappointed claimants would be pre- cisely in the mental and moral couditiun, by which men are disposed to be the dupes of every adventure. When the characters of projectors, as in this case, is beyond all question, or the disinterestedness of their motives open to no violent suspicion, there still remains the question of their judg- ment ; and no class of men are entitled to expect implicit trust. Those who have had much to do with 'public foundations are not stat tied by a few preliminary difficulties. They have often encountered and overcome them. They know perfectly well that mens, minds are slowly drawn to new objects, unless they are under a dangerous excite- ment; that there are some who never can understand, but are entiiely imitatiie, who having no confidence in human honesty or truthfulness, iufcr from the movements ot their neighbour what aie his views, and not from his speech. Like those who attend Dutch auctions they watch the countenance without at nil minding the tongue ; while others, who rely upon their own opinion, are slow in gathering facts, or to join com- mercial undertakings. Such as have often acted for be public, will not be in < the least dishei rtencd by obstructions. A desirable object e sure to meet with supporters. And wh<.t is the duty of the press? Certainly tot in a forward and indiscriminate mam er to re- commend everything to public sui port ; its ordinary duty is discharged whtn it has recorded the proceedings of public com paniea. The influence of the press depends upon its fidelity to the publi<. Its mem- bers cannot, without risking tbùir power, forward schemes of which the result is un- certain. ' Their advertising columns are set apart for the use of commerce. Where projects rival, each other it is expscted that' the press shall'be neutral. What editor would venture to espouse one-half the spe- culations of society ? Who .would decide the comparative -merits of Holloway and Parr ? Á conscientious editor.« ould not be able to sleep did he" believe that his neighbours , were poisoning themselves in compliment to Lib medical Jtuow ledge. Io vain would the custom of the trade re assert the royalist doctrine "of killing nu mm der." The ghosts of de» parted dispéptica would visit him nightly. The conductor» of the press canpót endorse either prospectus of pill boxes without be- ing involved in the most awful resuonst bilmes. Our readers cannot imagine of what practical consequence these rules of trade become. How often it ii proposed by the vender» ot specific« to publish as a' local',' some commendation of their .unusual eures. How desirous certain tradesmen become that "the, invisible conscience" should ipiert a,notice with great admira- tion of the marvellous architectural im- provement» of Mr. Frizzle's shaving shop, and'the prodigious shaw of Miss Comfit'» confectionary. The temptation to indulge 'this complaisance might perbaps'become loo strong were not thceditonn fear of offending the barber and pastry-couk of posite, by compliment« to their rivals. It was ob- served by one gentleman at the meeting that the press " was not the opponent of public opinion," intending perhaps to shield them from the ¿ensure of' Dr. Crooke This wus but equivocal protection, "it wa» aa much as io »ay that tbe public bad some other channel to communicate ita thoughts. We have looked all around for this substi- tute , and know of none that can assume to be exponents, unless indeed the bellman ! He however always acts under a direct pe- cuniary impuh?e,and it would be hardly lets1 liable to influences. Another gentleman who seems to have viewtd the subject in a much more "cordial »pint, lepreseuttd the press as the tnrectoie of opinion. If it be meant to sav thut the public is not represented by anv eing'e paper, tins is certain!v true , but it is just as true as (if any other repicecntation . if, however, it is intended that the diurnal influence of j^iie pi ees" ia not great over current opinion, I Accepting both in the largest cense, it -is most certainly false ; but just in proportion .lo its ciedit as a witness" will be its force'as a reusouer ; it» power would.be in the ratio of its leputHtion for ti uthfulue;» ; and those who wish it to be a' useful'and permanent ally will wUli it tobe cautious in its lecom-' mendation, and spaiing in its'piuise., One of the speakers seemed 'to have some idea of- the, influei ce of Government on popular, energies, .. and said very ti uly that Luuuceston is lighter in motion, more rapid in its combination, and more liberal in its spirit. We liuve noticed the same thing, and we att.i ¡bute it to the same general cause.'u Wherever a large . official class exists, they influence the society as the electric eel is suid to affect the Peruvian swimmer. The natura] leader« of society, thoae connected with it by permanent in- terests, are everywhe-.e thwarted by selfish- ness, superciliousness,'and timidity weuring the Government button. At the same time, we scarcely think the steam question alfords the strongest pom s of contrast. Launceston lias done well ; her situation has been favourable ; but Hobart Towti has not done iii. The Launceston com- pany entered upon business earlier, and if our memory does not fail, paid an enormous premium. Having said thus much upon the claims of commercial companies, we commend the new Steam Company to the..cjnsideration of our readers. The* investment may be considered n pretty safe one, though 'the chances of profit not so great as in other compsnies. But to open a cimmunication with Sidney would be extremely adnanta geoua to both colonies. Even the transit of merchandise, required to assort Btocks, 'according to the variation of the markets, would freight one vessel ; and so long as coaching is so expensive, few would be in- clined to cross the island when, by waiting a few days, a passage to Sydney may be obtained direct. The proposed bill limiting responsibility, will remove Several .objec- tions. It will, : however, be necessary . shortly to adjust the law of partnerships to those new interests which are every dav springing up and dictating a new policy. J 