VARIETIES. " " How to Get up a Row with Your Wife. — First plan. — Take her to the theatre. Se lect the prettiest girl in the house ; keep your 'lorgnette' pretty constantly fixed on her. Remark to ynnr tiiat mac is the style of 'beauty you admire. Wife will get fidgetty and cross. Observe what an odd thing it is that no woman can beur io be told of anybody being prettier than herself. The row will thus be put in good train, and you make it more or less strong as you please. Second plan. — Wait until your wife is at her toilet, preparatoty to going out. She will be sure to ask if her bonnet is straight. Remark, the lives of nine-tenths of the women are passed in thinking whether their bonnets are straight, seasoning the observation by a general series of reflections on the whole sex, as being a set of drowsy humbugs, and winding up with a re mark, that you never knew but one girl who had any common sense about her. Wife will ask who that was. You, with a sigh, reply, 'Ah! never you mind." Wife will ask why you did not marry her then? You say ab stractedly, 'All, why indeed? ' The row is now safely' under weigh. Third plan. — Tell your wife that you are going to Paris for a month. She will ask to accompany you. lleply, that that is out of the question ; you are going upon business. Wife will ask what business. An- , swer, that is a Becret which you are not justi fied in revealing. Wife will say, 'Ah a pretty Bort of business that you're afraid to tell 'your wife of.' Do you now keep silent, and the lady will finish the operation of getting up a row herself.—-' Humorist.' The Dead Alive. — A celebrated character one day met a man in the streets crying, about his death, when he gave the fellow. a tre mendous box on the ear, adding, 'Take that, and if I am dead; you will at least believe 'in ghosts." Taste for Music. — The infamous Duke of Lauderdale used to say that he-had rather hear a cat mew than th'e best music in the' world ; and the better the music the more sick it made him. A Parallel for Lord Derby's Chair- han of Quarter Sessions.— His very medi ocrity recommended him to those, and they are not a few, who dread and dislike all supe riority of talent. There were more persons than one who felt what an acquaintance of mine expressed on Mr Addington's Ministry. ' He was glad,' he said, 'that Mr. Pitt and Mr- Fox should know, that in spite of. their speak ing and fine talents, the business of the country could be conducted in a plain way by a man who had no pretensions to genius.' Of such men Lord Sidmouth has always been an idol. He was the fairest specimen, the truest type of the genius, ' the knight of the shire, who re presents them all.' There is greater commu nity of feeling in narrow-minded men than wiser ones are aware of. Like other classes or sects, they imagine when any one of the brotherhood is exalted, that some share of his lustre is shed upon them ; the vanity of each conceiving that the inferiority of which he is conscious has thereby ceased to be a dis qualification, — ' Memoirs of the Whig Party.' Mr Perceval and Robespierre : Ex tremes of Fanaticism.— Mr Perceval, though no great lawyer, was, without genius, a spirited, ready, and forcible speaker. Affectionate, frank, and generous in private, dangerous and formidable in public, he united to the most vul gar prejudices and virulent enmities in religion aud politics, courage, integrity, and abilities, that fortunately very rarely accompanied them. It is singular that his features, with the excep tion of a winning smile when he was pleased, so much resembled those of Robespierre, that the portraits of that bloody fanatic of Demo cracy might pass for those of our English champion of monarchical and ecclesiastical es tablishments. — Idem. A Cabinet Meeting on the King's first refusal to extend the irish act of 1793 — Our Chancellor, Lord Erslcine, shone least upon this trying occasion. He talked much nonsense and false religion, declaimed against Papists and Mahometans, and plumed himself on having never supported the pretensions of Roman Catholics. He betrayed ignorance as well as weakness, mistook the policy of the question, confounded the state of the law, and forgot every circumstance that had attended its enactment or its amendments. When the moment of decision approached he played with pencils and pens, took up books, and pretended even to sleep, with the hope of not being committed in any resolution we might adopi. Lord Howick or myself jogged his elbow, and drew his attention to the matter in discussion. He confessed afterwards, with droll simplicity impossible to describe, that he had been strangely affected by the book he had looked into. It happened to be the life of Egerton, Lord Ellesmere, who had received the seals at the same age (fifty-seven) as himself, and bad held them no less than twenty-seven years ! The contrast of his own prospects, and the fate of his more fortunate predecessor had manifestly astonished and overwhelmed him ; and no papist ever called down the vengeance of heaven on a heretic with more fervor or fury than Lord Erskine. at that- moment, damned the Holy Catholic Church, and all who main tained its tenets. Lord Howick was indignant at conduct so uncongenial with his own gener ous temper and elevated mind. The chagrin which Lord Erskine would manifestly feel at the loss of office seemed to reconcile Lord Howick to the event, and every hint that dropped from the other on the propriety of a temporizing policy, made him spurn more con temptuously at everything like compliance or submission. — ' Lord Holland's Memoirs of the Whig Party.' , Bailey's Festus. — Festus is essentially a true and an earnest book ; the author's exist ence has not passed like a summer zephyr, fit ted merely to float among the lily bells and ruffle the rose.' ' Life, iD all its awful reality, in all its labyrinthine mazes, in all its ebb and flow of passion, in all its hidden morning, has been written on his heart in characters of fire. He speaks of ' youth as passionate genius with all its flights and follies ;' he unfolds to us the human soul, ' the sphynxe-like heart consis tent in its consistency '—the powers therein contending for the mastery — the world witch ing, the flesh fascinating the devil — dazzling but to destroy — now high up in its aspirations after the eternal, now back again to earth, basking in the beauty of her smile, and caring nought for fate or the future. Festus is the type of mankind, but lie is no ordinary mor tal ; vulgar temptations have no power upon him ; the lures which suffice to lead off secon dary natures arc as feeble to fetter him as the green withes to Sampson j but love is the roas ter-passion of his soul— a potent spirit which he cannot baffle, and when she flings her chains of flowers about him he cannot choose but follow. The love of Festus is not that phase of the passion which we find possessed by those individuals who can sit down calmly and state the matter to themselves, balancing: each consideration pro nn<l con witn the nice- ness of a banker or bullion merchant, and let ting their decision be regulated by the turning . or me scale. Neither is it the ghastly phan tom which personates God's image and leads its votaries on to death and madness. No — it is a pure and spiritual passion, reared like a rainbow, partly in heaven, and partly on earth, and subsisting as a connecting link between the two ; it is that intense perception of the lovli- ucss of woman which none but a poetical ima gination can conceive ; it is the rqjoicing of the nature when something in us says, come let us worship beauty ! ' It is the enthusiastic pilgrimage of the devotee to the ehritie where he fondly deems he shall meet with a divinity, and where he hopes to shadow himself, al though it be all silently as sits the brooding dove. — ' Lester's Criticisms.' By the elevation of your sentiments make it manifest that yon aspire to immortality, and by a moderate use of earthly objects show that you remember that you are a child of mor tality. Music at the Crystal Palace. — A court for the reception of Musical Instruments is in course of construction at the Crystal Palace, the design of which has been entrusted to Mr. Thomas. We understand that some of our most eminent pianoforte makeis have visited Syden- . ham with a view of offering practical advice in reference to its general arrangements. The maintenance of an equable temperament has been secured, and scientific attention has been directed to making the court as effective as possible for the exhibition of musical Instruments.— ' Musical World.' Amusing Defence.— Thomas 'Mernman, aged'43, was indicted for stealing a handkerchief and' 3s 3d the property of Cecilia Thornton. In theprogress of the evidence it appeared that the principal fact as against the prisoner was that upon him was found 3s 3d in precisely the same coin as that which was described by the prosecutrix to have been lost by her. lhe pri soner in his defence, entered into a lengthened and very amusing history of his receipts and disbursements, not even omitting a variety of sixpences which he had from time to time given to his ' old woman.' As to his having in His possession, when apprehended, the precise amount, and in the same coin as that stated to have been lost by the prosecutrix, why, as to ' that ere' — why that the Court and the jury would at one glance see was a pure matter of accident. Now, it had been said, that he had been asked to give up the 3s 3d to prevent his being given into custody ; " but let him ask either the judge or the jury — ay, or even any body else — if there was either law or equity or justice in such a request ? For himself, he could not see it, even though others were to think there was. Why, it was not very likely that he should pay the woman that which somebody else had robbed her of. He had never robbed either rich or poor, although he had had lots of opportunities of doing either or both. Why, continued the prisoner, my lord judge and gentlemen of the jury, I have lived in this hete neighboihood for more than 30 years, and I can assure you on the solemn word of a man of honor, and as a gentleman, that I never was in a scrape during all that time, and I promise you all, that I was never introduced to the notice of such a 1 l'appy fa mily' as I now see around me. (Loud cheers.) Why, it's true. I tell you, I never was in all my life, introduced to such a happy family as I now see around me, in you, my lord judge, you gentlemen of the jury, and you gentlemen there (pointing to the members of the bar) . (Roars of laughter.) There now, that concludes the defence of an honest man. (Renewed laugh ter.) The learned judge then left the case to the jury, who acquitted the prisoner. The pri soner — 'Thank you, my lord judge and yon, gentlemen, and may God send no harm to any of you, either here or hereafter. The prisoner was then at once discharged amid tlii general and hearty laughter of all in court. ' Will you give us a ha'poth of what you don't sell r' said a young ragamuffin, on enter-' ing a chandler's shop. Oh, willingly !' re torted the shopkteper, laying a stick rather rougiily about the shoulders of the querist, ' we give that.giatis.' The most Beautiful Hand.— Two charm ing women were discussing one day what it is which constitutes beauty in the hand. They differed in opinion as much as in the shape of the beautiful member whose merits they were discussing. A gentleman friend presented himself, and by common consent the question was referred to him. It was a delicate matter. He thought of Paris and the three goddesses. Glancing from one to the other of the beautiful white hands presented to him, which, by the way, he had the cunning to hold for some time in his own for purposes of examination, he re plied at last : I give it up ; the question is too hard for me; hut ask the poor and they; will say that the most beautiful liatjd in the world is the hand that gives. A gentleman who had arrived in Melbourne, when he was leaving the hotel, asked a friend, what he ought to . give the servants. Why I hardly know,' was the reply. 'I should think their, notions were rather grand, for 1 know Boots estimates his ineoine at' L.1600 a-year.' , 1 "TnE Indian's .Belief.— At a .lecture in New York, on the Indians' of the Far West, the lecturer ssia the Indian's ideai. of a future statelwas this As soon as he threw off the flesh- he would find himself standing on the bank of a river, the current running vjith great rapidity. Across this river was a slender pole, stripped" of its bark, and lying close down to ibe surface of the water. The Indian who had lived a good life then sees a bright object on the other' side : that was ' Right.' . He would then, desirous of embracing the object he loved so well in the world, walk across the pole, un mindful of the raging torrent beneath his feet, arriving in safety at the opposite shore ; and Right would then lead him amongst mountains covered with gold and silver, into noble hunt ing grounds, where he would hunt for eternity. But, on the other hand, the man who followed '-Wrong' all his life, when attempting to cross on the pole, after death, would fall into the foaming stream, and be swept down into a whirlpool surrounded by rocks ; there he would be carried round for centuries and centuries, until, at last, he would be gradually sucked in towards the centre of the vortex, and finally engulphed in an immense .bottomless hole. What became of the unfortunate sinner the Indians could not surmise, further than he lived for ever. Special Pleading.— When a very eminent special pleader was asked by a country gentle man if he considered that his son was likely to succeed as a special pleader, he replied, ' Pray, sir, can your son eat sawdust without butter? ' Telling One's AgE. — A lady, complaining how rapidly time stole away, said, 'Alas, 1 am nearly thirty.' Scarren, who was present, and knew her age, said, ' Do not fret at it, madam; for youjwill get further from that dreadful epoch everyday.' ;; ; imitative Powers of the Chinese. — It is generally supposed that the Chinese will not learn anything, but no people are, more ready to learn if it is likely to be attended with ad vantage. They have lately been taught to make glass, and turn out bronze argand lamps and globes, emblazoned with the Lqndon ma-, ker's name all complete, and actually export these lamps to Bntnvia, They like putting an English name on their commodities, and are as free with the word ' patent ' as any manufac turer in Germany. They excel in the manu facture of locks, particularly padlocks. One of my friends gave an order to a tradesman to varnish a box, furnished with a Chubb's lock, of which he had two keys, and one of these he sent with the box, retaining the other himself. When the box came back, lie found that his key would hot turn the lock, though the one he had given to the tradesman acted very well. Thinking some trick lmd been played, he ac cused the man of having changed the lock ; and, alter some evasion, he acknowledged the fact, stating that, on examination, he had found' it such an excellent one, that he took it off and kept it, making another exactly like it, with maker's name, and everything complete, ex cept that the original key would not open it. Their mechanical contrivances generally have somo defect of this kind. They have never made a watch that will keep time, though they greatly prize patches, and usually carry two. If you ask tho reason of this fashion, their reply is, 'Spose one makee sick, other can walkee.'— - A Skctchcr's Tour Round the Worid.' IiiSAMiifciE itjj. India.— Sometime ago it - was stated ''tn'a£ a great; meeting would be held at Umritsir.'in the'Piinjaub, to check infanti. cide. The following letter, written from that town, by a lady, describes the meeting ; «phc Umritsir meeting was most splendid . Every civilian in the Panjaub was there. The street of the camp woo nearly a quarter of 'a rnile long, and . composed entirely of civilians double-polled tents. : It was calculated that more than 20,000 natives, independent of the usual inhabitants, were . assembled at the holy city, to listen to the Governor- General's order on the subject of .' infanticide. On Monday ! the 14th November, all were invited ! to come : to the Durbar at eleven o'clock. A email ' apartment, with a fine . bamboo screen, was s provided for the few ladies that were present' ' 1 that they might witness the scene. It" vvag ' most magnificent. There were 3,000 natives i inside the grand shemeana ; 300 were of suf- ficient rank to have chairs allowed them, which1"'' 1 were, placed in a semicircle . at she end of the tent; at the end of this semicircle stood all the assembled civilians. . All the old Sikh gen. erals and rulers were there, and ntnopg them many hill chiefs who had never, before been tempted out of their native mountains." 'All' ' those who were not entitled to chairs were seated on the grpunfi, and presented one large, ' compact mass of .human heads'. ' There whs ' . the utmost silence in this brilliant assembly; when Mr Edmunstone, on whom, in Mr Joha Lawrence's absence, devolved the duty: of opening and explaining the object of this itn. 1 portant meeting, rose to speak. He made an' excellent Hindoostanee address, denouncing female infanticide as barbarous, cruel, and uif. ' holy ; and so powerfully did that address inflti-' ence his hearers, that every native; present' signed a solemn agreement on oath never again to allow female infanticide within the circle' of his acquaintance without denouncing the per. petrators. Hitherto the hill chiefs, and many of the Sikh ; tribes, have adopted the cruel' practice of murdering their' female children " rather than bear the great expense of their foolish marriage ceremonies. . Government has ' now limited . these expenses to certain sums,' proportioned to the rank of the parents, which just now is. viewed- as a blessing ito all par- '< ties; and all the chiefs expressed their'" satisfaction and delight at the new law. You cannot imagine a more splendid scene df ori- ental magnificence than the. breaking up and' separation of this vast assemblage ; the ' chiefs mounted on their, splendid elephants,' attended ' by their numerous followers. In the evening the whole city, together with the far-famed holy tank ; of Umritsir,: was splendidly illumf. r nated. At sunset we all assembled in the' ' camp street, and formed so large a party that twelve elephants were borrowed from the chiefs ' ! for our accommodation ; they nil stood ready in a line, laden with scarlet and gold, tlieif heads and trunks painted with different1 de vices. The scene in every direction was strange and interesting. The city was as light as day, and was literally crammed with people. Aa our twelve elephants, with their glittering trap. , pings, followed each other in stately , proces. " ston, it was curious to look back upon the long narrow streets, and the toll irregular", houseg, , blazing with rows of lamps in long lines, unt I : almost lost in the distance. At . the entamcte of the holy tank the crowd was so dense that they looked like one solid mass. ,We were ? conducted to a position from which -wc could- see the whole square, and where carpets and seats were prepared for us. I cannot attempt to describe the magnificent spectacle that met - us there. The golden temple, the steps round , the tank, the very water itself, seemed on fire. Around the edge were packed twenty thousand people, and the murmur of their voices came up like'the roar of the sea in a storm. At the , signal of a cannon fireworks broke out on every , , side; fountains of fire fell from the roofs, end- rose from boats in the middle.of , the tank ; rod- j! kets pierced the air, and fell again in sboweri, ' and fire-balloons in great numbers had the ap-.' pearance of so many .new .stars, /fids, period ; was choseii for the meeting', because it is a great ' " Hindoo festival, which always collects' crowds at Umritsir, being connected with, the worship ,j of fire. : 1 ' Verbal Instruction. — Boys of tender age gain more from verbal instruction than from books. A man speaks wjth <ro pre, syqipBhy, than he writes; ajid the tone of ; voice, pressi'oq of feature,- and : gesture,- convey meanings which are not to be expressed by , words' alone.!—' - 'English Journal of Educa; tion.' ' ' 1 . > : .. 11 - ' Mount Etna, —An English gentleman who lately ascended Mount. Etna,, describing iths;;: scene, when standing ' upon the ctater's burn- '. ing lips,' says — 'We Btood on the edgetofa;: precipitous chasm,. sharp and rugged as.ifjthej; mountain had just been' ' rent ' asunder. Tl|0 -1' internal, surface; as far as the eye could pene- trnte, consisted of a coating of sulphureous - earth, which seemed to' be continually burning, .without being consumed ; whilst through innu merable fissures jets of flanae darted up, ami ,, played over.' the glowing mass,1 1 dazzling the eye by the intense brightness and variety of their coloring. Clouds of. dense white, vappri'.. arose/from time to time, from the innermost depths, with a hissing, roaring sound, like o mighty cataract. The. occasional interim-. 'j sion of the; rising clouds whicli steamed from, the great gulf, afforfied a partial glanco , of,', (Ko lund iiro ' xajjilig " 111 tlie Tliusrnu ; abyss.' - The new Reforul Bill (for Englaxid) ishiu. ji we hear, ready and complete, with the: cordial , concurrence of the entire Government, Lord Palmerston and lord Lapsdowne not ip;any.'fi sense or degree excepted.: It is understood to embrace both a broad disfranchisement' (poK haps between fifty and seventy small burgba)!! and a broad enfranchisement, but not a unl" , form five-pound qualification for burghs.-' 1 Scotsman.' i ilH '( Three physicians, at Montreal, pronounced some hones found in a stove to be thosd of' woman, whereupon Anderson,, a, soldier, _Ws0!j arrested for murdering; his wife, who had disrj appeared. She returned a day or twoiaft® ,. wards, having been abused by her husbknd,'Anu. gone out to sewing, The bones wer? those pf | a pig.— Canadian paper. - s, A gentleman asked a friend, in a somewhat knowing manner, " Pray, sir, did yon .ever W®' I a cat-fish ? " No," was the response," ".be." I've seen a rope-walk." ' w t i Before you epcak, consider carefully, lYr".'"! you are about to sayi With a vast number' of persons, the tongue outstrips The " lect. _ A gentleman, travelling in Ireland, said to a 1 a very importunate, beggar, " You have lqst fh ' your teeth." The beggar quickly aoswwetl-- . "An it's timo I'd parted with 'em, .when. 1 nothing for 'cm to do.- j., -J.'!' Taken at his Word.— CromweU ''W thinking of marrying his daughter to, V'! gentleman' of Gloucestershire, when he wflf" |i|j» believe, byidomestic gossip, ' that one of his |M5haplain8,''Mr Jeremy White; a young man of ||j)lensing manners, and a ' top wit of his court,' i|l|was secretly paying his addresses to Lady MFrances, who wa3 far from discouraging his Sjj&ttentions.; Entering his daughter s roorri. sud- gfqeiily one day, the protector caught White on Sfjfis.knees, kissing tho Jady's, hand. 'What is ''"tjie meaning of this'? ';he demanded. .. ' May it i.g;iplease -your worship,' replied Wliit.e, with Sseat presence of mind, pointing to one of the \- < itidy's maids who happened to be in the hoom, have a long time courted that' young gen- sfuewoman, and cannot prevail ; I was therefore iMtfiihbly praying her ladyship to intercede for Mje.'", How now, hussey, said Cromwell to the Soiing woman, 'why do you refuse -the honor |«Mr Wliite would do. you? I'He's. my friend, Sjpnd -I- expect you should ' treat : him -as such.' Spi|lf Mr White intends me that honor,' IfpSfsWered 1 the' woman; ' with a very courtesy, 'I shall, not. be' against him.' feSayst thou so, my lass,' said Cromwell ; 'call &Gpodwin; '; this business shall be done pre- ljently , before I go out of the room . Good- liiwin, the chaplain, arrived ; White had: gone >;-fftob .far to recede, and he was married on the .-sjiot to the young woman. — Guizot's ' History :, ;bf Oliver Cromwell.' J /'$ ''Our National Pride.— The English are jmiud of their own country and for that surely i' 'lp one can blame, them. They are proud of S;;it3 - history, of its literature, of its constitution ; %$uid especially of the rank it holds and the .-(...power it wields at the present time. To this f i'ational pride they have a fair right. A new .-"ense of the greatness of England is gathered s|;4ir6'm travelling on the continent; for, let an '/Englishman go where he will, the might and r';;omajesty of his country seem to be hanging over SspinhL like an unseen shield. Let but a hand of ' Violence be laid upon a British subject, and the sgrieat British lion, which lies couching in " .'.-Downing-street, begins to. utter menacing growls,' and shake his invincible locks.. An I'VEnglish man-of-war seems to be. always' within rohie day's sail of everywhere. Let political agi- . \- >-1$Ubn break out in any port on the globe, if »£tfere be even a roll of English broadcloth or a > ypqund of English tea to be endangered thereby, ' within forty-eight hours an English steamer or .'-frigate is pretty sure to drop anchor in the ,J". 'harbor, with an air which seems to say, ' Here / ilj/am.; does anybody want anything of "Ajfue'.? — Hilliyard's ' Six Months in Italy,' Black Sea. — The Black Sea, (Pontus :;AEuxinus) is an inland basin, with a margin of /frojjpst generally elevated and rocky, having a c:.ti»nsverse diameter of about 650 miles from ; -west to east, a conjugate one of more than 3oo, -ah'fl an area of 172,000 square miles. Its ' rilbdern name is supposed to originate from the jflfense fogs which occasionally cover it, or the 'langer of its navigation arising from these 'fogs ; at all events, it was much dreaded by the . ancients, who .placed their Cimmerian land of ' 'litter- dorkness on its northern shores, Besides .the- fresh writer from Asia Minor, it receives ' -sB'me of the -largest rivers in Europe, including thfe'; Danube (Ister), Dneiper (Borysthenes), -and /Dniester (Tyras), the Don (Tanais), and "the Keuban. Its waters are, in' consequence, brnckish ; and it is singular that, with such -a.large and constant accession of fresh streams continually pouring into it, any saltness should he retained. Its depth in general is great, no bottom being struck with 150 fathoms of line : but' off the mouth of the Danube the water deepens very gradually, and nearly as much so from Serpent's Isle by Odessa to the Crimea. Tfibe streams of the great -rivers produce strong -currents, particularly in the beginning of snm- -mer, when tbny are increased .by the melting of the 'snows -; and when strong winds act against these flowings, a chopping sea is produced which in foggy weather is dangerous to small -craft. Independently, however, of such chances, -the1 Black Bea is free from all dangers, .having, - "with a trivial exception or two, neither islands,, -rockri, nor reefs,: in the general track of navi- Vgation ; and almost everywhere there are excel- -ient anchorages, affording good riding tor, the lfifgest ships. Its trade consists of grain, winei -timber, charcoal, piteh, potash,, fish, cavies, -isinglass, shagreen, salted provisions, , cheese, ..pqultry, butler, wool, hides, hemp, : tallow,: hpney, tobacco, salt, iron, copper, and;saltpe-> tre.i ,-but especially corn.— Admiral' Smyth's Mediterranean.' ..... '.Courage and' Cowardice in' Lapl'an-d.— "The'skill acquired by these riomade ' people in' tljijowing the lasso, avails 'them, ,in making, cap-, tiyps.of other animals besides theirown deer. "Qn one occasion,' so said a clergyman that I; -met with in Norrland, and who vouched for the .trutli of the story, ' when a L'app,-in''com- pony with a young female, 1 was ' driving the diferd - through the forest, they accidentally roused a large bear from his winter quarters. . The. girl, very fortunately, had the lasso in ner hand, which, with great coolness and skill, she "thrpw. ovcr his head, as he was slowly quitting -his . iden, and at -the same instant coiled the other end -of the thong around a tree. The brute, on finding himself thus in the toils, dashed "at'- the -intrepid Amazon ; but as she slipped on 'one side, he fortunately missed his aim, and on , coming to the -length of his tether was, in "sailor, language, brought short up, and thrown -to.tho ground. Bruin's career was now soon nt an-pnd, for seizing the thong with his paws, -and by so doing tightening the noose,'he pre sently managed to strangle himself. ; The 'Lapp, on seeing the beast charge the girl, /took1 fright "apd 'ran away ; and. as a consequence', ''the bold wench,, who was to have been married to him, -sent. him at once to the right , about, very pro-, perly .refusing to have anything more to say ,to b-Ajastardly a fellow.' — VLloyd's Scandinavian Adventures,': - ' ' . ,vi :> 'v?: A- 'The Clouds op Albion.— Seriously and positively, it is an article of French 'met'eorblo- gicar'-faith that England' is always covered by pPp.jSense mist; or that,' at, any. rate, the sky. -is irivariably cloudy. ( I .remember being one day. at Marseilles a thunder-storm was com ing on'; the tops of the hills were totally invi- . -sible"; the lower slopes could be but dimly seen ; th'e population was going about holding on ; its hats with both hands ; seabirds were coming in witli' discordant screams ; the ships in the, har- bohi/rocked ; the sea tossed uneasily, arid broke wjta plashing roar upon the beach ; towards thp west a pale .grey light, showed where :the sun ought to have been. . I stood on a terrace, watching a shower of rain that was crossing the' hay diagonally, anil had just shrouded' the Cha teau d'lf id its million threads." ' At that mo ment a French fellow-traveller caiiie up to me, Arid said, with the most innocent tiir in the world, — ' I suppose you would consider this to be a fine clay in England ? ' At first I thought lie was actuated by the pestilent spirit of mockery inherent iu his race ; but no, he was quite serious, asking for information ; so I ob served, that as corn and other things ripened irt England, there must be a little sun now and then,-, lie touched his hat apologetically; — : Puriipn — lie had not thought of that.'— :'Purple Tpits >£ Paris." \ ; j. -; / Colt In the Caucasus.— In Daghestari, ,a young Lesghian chief, being severely Wounded daring, one of the frequeut razzias of, the Rus- sians, took refuge ill a ruined sakli,' in orderdo apply bandages to his wounds; ' While: thus employed, he was discovered by. a party of twelve dismounted dragoons, who, immediately gave chase on his taking flight. - Having- crossed one of the flexible bridges, common: -in'1 that country, and which was over .a-rapid.torreiit 'at the foot of a mountain, the fugitive,' finding, himself unable to procdcd much '-farther,' -and having time to put Ilis arms in order,! stood1 at bay under a projecting rook. With yells of dei light, and uplifted sabres, the Russians ap proached the bridge. 'Yield, dog!? 'Not whilst I have twelve lives at - my girdle," cried the undaunted mountaineer. The Russians in the rear laughed loudly at the boast, ' but he' iu advance fell dead, pierced through and through by a bullet, nearly at the feet of the Lesghian.1 The second soldier stumbled over his dead com rade, and, as he rose, received a shot which caused him to fall severely woundedy The next, seeing the same weapon, which had twice been discharged, still pointed, rushed -on, but to the surprise of the Russians, a third shot was fired at him ; untouched, however, he was" about to cut down the Lesghian, when a fourth' discharge scattered his brains on the rocky pa-1 rapet, and his lifeless body tumbled into'- the torrent beneath. Three of the Bussians had now fallen. ? What, devil of a pistol is this, that speaks so often ? ' cried the survivors' to each other. Certain of - their prey, two Rus sians abreast advanced more cautiously than their predecessors. This time two deliberate shots brought them down right and left; each fell pierced near the region of the heart. The remaining soldiers were amazed. The Lesghian,/ faint with loss of blood, and feeling his strength' fast ebbing, now drew forth another pistol — a movement unobserved by the enemy, arid ra pidly, fired three shots at the group of Russians, some fifty yards distant at the other end of the' bridge. Owing to his sight being now dim, only one shot took effect, wounding one of the dragoons in the shoulder. Let us fly,' they ' cried ; ' it is the evil spirit of the mountains- he would kill our whole army.' Accordingly, they precipitately fled, just as the Lesghian sank down exhausted at the foot of the rock. A Visit to a Kazan Tartar's Harem. —I shall, never forget the scream — the unani mous cry from some twenty voices — which burst upon my ear when I entered that room. The women, to whom the sight of any other man save their husband was of rare occurrence, were horrified on seeing a stranger enter their very place of habitation. They fled, as I- ap proached, to all parts of the apartment, hiding their faces under the thick embroidered shawls which covered their heads. My lady friends endeavored to restore them to a little confidence, by assuring them it was with the permission of their lord and master that 1 came to pay them my respects ; notwithstanding, it was a long time before they left the corners and niches into which they had buried themselves, and when they came forward it was in a- troop, huddled together, and each endeavored to hide -herself under the clothes of the other, much in the way ; of a flock of sheep, when a wolf or: a -watch dog is near. Their dresses were rich beyond description, being almost one riiass of embroi dery in gold or silver. The faces of several were pretty, but so thickly covered with rouge and white paint that no trace of their real com plexion could be discovered.— Turnerelli's ' Ac count of .Kazan.' A Modern 'Greek School.— I remember visiting, not long, ago, a little village about1 twelve- miles from Nouplia, on the sea shore. The inhabitants were very poor — some of the poorest in - all Greece — but . they had a school. The. wretched people toiled at ,the meagre soil from morning till night to -keep the wolf from' the door; and though their children might have aided them in their labor, yet they thought it their first duty to send their little ones to : school. - I visited this school, where I found some thirty: children assembled. - They were supplied with slates and books by the ' coiri- mune,' but writkg paper was an expensive luxury which was only given to the more ad vanced pupils. The beginners learned to write upon the sand. There was a long board, with a:;-ledge round it, strewed with a thin layer of fine -sea sand, and before this eight or ten little creatures were standing, and with their chubby fingers were drawing upon the sand their alphas' andomegas under the direction of a monitor. They all pulled off their red caps whea l entered, and' laying their little hands on their breast, they made me a grave bow. The head boy, who had nothing on but a loose shirt and very wide pair of breeches, recited1 for me, with a great deal of fire, a warlike passage out of Ho mer, which was applauded by all the little fel lows as soon as he had finished.' — ' Danubian Principalities.' - Russian Tub Residences. — The tub' resi dences to which I referred are among the fea tures of the monster market here,' arid they are inhabited by women. Elevation, ground plan, and other architectural contrivances, are . all comprehended in a single effort. A large black cask, somewhat resembling a sugar hogshead, is laid on its side, and the house is built.' A quantity of hay is laid inside and the house is furnished. The lady gets in upon the hay, arid the house is inhabited. Before the entrance of the mansion she strews the onions, tomatas, or whatever she may vend, and during the1 hours of business, she sits in the tub, and smokes her pipe, chatters to her customers, aud says her prayers. After her business is over she ascer tains in which quarter the wind stirs— turns the : 'close end of her tub in that direction, and creeps to rest in peace and tranquillity. But some of those women are ambitious, and take to build ing. They do not, indeed, demand marble staircases and mahogany doors, but they take two tubs, which are laid face to face at a dis tance, of; three or four feet, and over the inter stice, tubs and all, is placed a water-tight can vas. The fair occupant (and two or three whom -I saw, though not literally fair, were ex tremely pretty) has then two rooms, besides a ' hall; but this luxury is not adopted by this older class,, who think, that we ought to adhere ' to the customs of our "ancestors.— Russians , in the. South.' . iconduests Wrung from- - Oblivion .— Tlie discoveries - oft Nineveh were the greatest con- quests ever wrung from oblivion.- 'No' diver ventured down into these dark, silent' waters, and brought back' suck' a goodly jewel. Pom peii was the small watering-place of a .nation with whose habits we are familiarly acquainted, but of Nineveh we knew not where, it had stood, and only that it had existed. For cen turies the Tigris and the Euphrates had poured down from tho Armenian mountains, " flowing on through the deeert plains of 'Mesopotamia,, but uttering no dirge for departed greatness;, and the Arabs who pitched their /Idack'. tents', beside .the. shapeless mounds, jof' Khorsobad talked of the deeds of tlie prophet Nimi'od, un conscious that they sat beside.-his buried .palace.: 