THE LONDON PULPIT. BY AM EYE-WITNIESS. THEI IItVINGITE'r S. Are the days of Pentecos: gone never to re torn? Have mniracles ceased from imongst men? cannot signs and wonders still ie wru'iglit by mon filled withl thle Holy Ghost? The lar"er psirt1of the Christian Church answers this ques tion in tile negative. It teaches tlhat the mitra cles are dumb, that the need of them has pest Rawav, that in the fulness of time the divine will was mnde kItnown, nltl that the churcl needs noct now the signs and wondlers by which bthat rcevela tion was attested and declared. .A largo holy, however, Ihas lately spring up omaongstI s Ihold. ing opposite vicews; enter their churches, nid,, accordling to them, the gift of tongues still exists; sicns and wonders are still manifest, miracles are still wrought Still, as tntch as in Apostolic tites does the divine nirtus dwell in man, and the mian so endued becomes a plropholl, and de cltres the will of God in an unlknown tongue. FPer some time past, a, mnag?nficentt Gothlic Ctlthedral has been in process of being built in Gordon-square. It stands whore onea stool COard Colleg.e, cid whtre still standns Uiver sity Hall, a Uiltarian College; ntd not far fromnt thte University Callego, which a certain ex-Lord Chatcollor took under his especial care. On Christmas-day, it was thIrown opent for the per flrmance of thie warship of " tine Inly Catitolis Ap1ostolic Churhr," a tlodv better, perhtipe, known to thie community at lrrge as Irvin.ite-, or fo! lowers of Edward Irving. Originall, 1 heliave, the sect spratlg up in SooItlandti, adi Edward Irving merely joined it, and the form of worthilp which now pievails was nlot filly eatablished till after his death. After Irving: left the Scotch Church thie body took'refnge in Newmn.strecet, where they have remnained till thie present iltag nifioent pilace was opened. There ore to be sevell cathedrals in Lonldon, each cathledral is to have four placesof worship attached to it; and to each service in a cathedral apportain all onvatgelist, an apostle, a prophelt, and an angel. The angel is thie presiding spirit, atin apostle seems to be vhat a bishop is int thie English chtrchl. Tihere is an apostle for Englandtl, anotherfor France, anothler for America, and anotlher fbr Germany. To overy catlthedral there are twoenty-four priests. T'lhe angel is magnificently clad in purple, tihe sig, of aitholrity. 'tle niext ortlder, lhe prophets, wear blue stoles, indicative of the skies rwhence they drate their inspiilration. The Evangelists weir red as a sign of their reoutlinese to shedt thleir blood in the cause. The Cathedral is well at tended, upwards of 1000 onmmlnicantis are con atcted wiLth it. Service takes iiase in it several tines a dlay, and ot the Sunday evening a sermon is preached, which is intended to enlighten and to win over sshl as are not connected with tile cihureh. Many distinguishaed prsons are oflice Iearers in the church, such as Aidmiral Gtn bler, the Hlon. Henry Parnell, J. P. Knight, R A , Mr. Cooke, the barrister, U]j tr MaJIladtonald. While Lady Datwson, Ladly 13atemtan, Laly Anderson, are amonogst its members. Henry Drtnmmond, the eccentrio .Pl'. fotr East Surrey, has tile credit of being connected with this Iplace, but while it is trto that he is an Irvingite, it is not trco tihat hIe is an ollice-bearer of the church. Those who join the chlurclh oflfer a tenth of thiir anonal in come towards its support, antl this promisv, it is believed, ewar after year is faithfully keIlt. 'riTe Cathsedrtl itself is an evihecnce of the liberality of the people. Attachedt to thle chnlrch is a simall but very eleganSt chapel, which is to he used on rare occasion.s, antld whichl was raised iy the ladies who contriblnted thie imuniliccat sun of £4-000 in aid of the work. Tie chief Ibeauty of the church, htowever, is lthe saltar, which is earved l out of all sorts of coloured matrble, and is snperbly ldeco rated. The service-hook put ill your lhands is called "The TLittigy and divine oftices of the Church," btt I do not learn ftom the memnbers of the boas that they thinik themselvos xeclts. sivelv the hlurch, nnd that there is no saleation out of their pale. They merely prol'ess to he one portion of thie clhurchl, to take withins their com prehensive fold mnembers of all other chlurches, and this to a very considerahle extent Ihas been the case. Thle Irvingites have taken tlheir con verts not from the worl, bnt the chusrch. They have madee proselytes, ,Iot Christians; the mem .bers of other lchurchels Ihave comne over to lthem. In thleir ranks are many dissenters and churchl men, andt amongst their priests are nlsvny who have been clergymen in connection with tihe Dis senters or the Church of iniglanad. They pirofes to be above thie common distinction by wShich secot is fenced off' from seot-Catholic and Pro Ltestant conso alike to tihem. Tle Litnrgy lappears to be compiled from tihe rituals of thie Greek, Anglican, and RIloman ehlcreots, with a slight preponderance to the lIt ter. Thie auostle of the chlurch is MIr .lohn Cardall, formerly a lawyer's clerk, bat called to hIis present olice, as hIe himself states, abont twenty years ago, by tile voice of prophocy. This call is nascnowle gdg hiy the community. THe rulsoa the l ol sy with irrsponsiblo authority. He is thle filnal alpeal. On hits decision everythilng rests. lie claims spiritual preoeminencel over not only tile churches in his own communiou , jut over ll the ohurolhes of all baptised Christians thronghnnt thie worll, nay over all bishlops, pritsts nod deco'ns,, Anglicanl, Greek, or Roman, nlot exceptisw even the Pope hlimsIlf The Li nry, anI ServiCe Baclk i e:nlorstuod to bie hlih ComInilation. He hIa Ilso publihed a new work entitled, "1Hteadhns upon the Liturgy," which is Iri vrately circulated, an0t is said "'y those who lhave seen it to bl a1 inlterestin, and peOullilar book, abounding in the i;terpreoiti 1 s o' the symbol: and.typed of the Old 'l'estament, nd all inroge nious endeavorll to ladlalt them to tIle purposec of the Chr!stian OClurehl at tlhe prtsenut dl?y. In the Liturgy, besides whllat is found ill that of the English ch'olch, there are prayers ftor the dead, incaloIion ot s.int0t, trailsubstantiaticm, the authority tof the clirch. The p"wer of the priesthoodl, a,'d ti0 existence oF aitnal livinm apostles to rule tile church oliversal re acn - klloswledoed and enjoinlled. The chif miniser of the churtch, or, il hie is called tlhe angcl - or bishop, is IMr Chlrisopher HeaLth, who fir man1v years carried onl butniless in tl o neighlbotrhoodl of tile Seven Dislk, 3111d who for s001e time swa exteasively elegled ill thile bone trade. lie was also called miraculously to his prilesent ipost, whilch realisei, it is i saidt, t lii, some where about fitftele hndlrei a-yellar. The other ministers, of whomn there are a vast number, are nll well paid for theiid aerviOe-, oil an avera,,i Iullch better thanii illlti 3 Ltiidol inlleinbents. Several f tlheImI have b e33 midliary 0e103 they lre tIot formally oduacatedl fez tlheir wrk, lilt called to it. they ar not mn-mallde iminis tern-they claim a dihin s.lnelioin and power. Nor are tilyr takenl from the well-educated:l classes. They assert that the spirit may qualify any mrel, no malttr how humb:3 le Ihis oo0npa:ion or his birth. Some of tlze-, I am told, have been tailors, tillkers, sloemaker-, barbers, but aire now filled with divine light, and may do the siglls an3d 3wonders done by thle apostles in an earlier day. Whiih apls:ol:e l)retensiol, tIhese 1men1 are careless of ?Ipololii siimp!iczy. They ilist meet, .ot iii nt iiupcr ro3im, but in a gorieous oa.thzlrl; triIcy 313:34 array themro'ves in grotesque garnlmi;s;: th v muit lhave taller a031 incei-i Roman Catlholohi forms anl ceremonies. One would ihave thol; t hatst the name of ladni:rd Irrin, 0 wou0l ha'e been kept free from such tliini_ that lih fol loweis woulld have been above thiem; that they would as much 30 s most realiso tile ;spiritunality. of Iisn who dwvells not in hoanes made wri II hands, and whose temple is the lowly and c5u trite heart. Genius like Irving's would have lent grandeur to a barne, and nor the master is goile,endl having no moro anl orator to cn chant them, the church worships ill frelot d aisles-- treads mosaic Ipavements-rejoices ill line imusic and elalorateo ceremonial. Thus aliways is it; wvhen natir, fails1i, men have rL course to art. WYo hve no actors inow, but, ilisead, we have a. stage splendidly decorated, reigardiers of exponse. We p:: Shakspvret on the stageo in a way that would astoniih Shlakuspere himself--buit we have no Slhakslele. 1h not this a sign of weakness? Whoel a be.t llY betikes hlerself to jewellery and iilests hia rself with'borroweld graces, is it not a sign tihat Tiinto is dealing in hii old-itishlilned cruel way with the ros tp?on her li an the0 lustre ill her eve, nod is it 1not so with thie Irvinite ChIItcth "I Is not its ,pomp and splendaur a siI tlhalmt it iS not so rich in npostolie gifts as it claili to te ? Pu1 l I think woniul hardly foel himself at 1horle in Gordon-square. 