siio-i Uvm . -noix itMAURIOE , LEYNE. ;; ; r ; [?] v. . .|he purcm of ; Thur les, . there. is a plant knittin together'pver 'tlie red lkiik soil. G6d be 'TTiiYTiC? -'iff _0 -ilh'f qi t ; oU :j c meroifuly to Maurice Leyne. There one or the (brayet Jieart's .d/'.tinghfesfc brains that Ireland has knowin bur' generation lies mouldfering into .dust. 1 Slit.wjlllance and shadow fall, and graSfj .tjud.ancf : daisy, bloom over that mournful mound iri '.maqy a day and year to come—but the playof wit and' depth of soul, the luxurient and flashing, fancy are memories that will haunt the 8pqTt 'aiid " mtjire Tainfjy day after day, and 3fade,.faintlyr— yet1 very slowly, too : Ireland is a ear and a grateful mother, and long remembers those who love her t hrough all trials and triumphs and. to tlie last. And he Wlio is now clasped to her bpsom did so, indeed. Into the service of his country he carried the chivalrous spirit of a Knight of olcl, and wore' her colours with the devotion of a Templar. To have died on the very eve of a fresh crusade against her foes was not the fate that eyen his stout nerves could have anticipated without a shudder ; but at alf events, he died in the field ami with the harness on liis back. tight flays have gone since he breathed his Iasf. %e have knelt beside his coffin, and seen it sheltered in the soil. Yet his form still seems beside us. It j ; not yet reached the grim perspective of ideath It is with inconceivable difficulty that we realise the idea that all is indeed over, and that we find our pen faintly endeavouring to trace; the lines of ,his 0hituafy. : Very dimly as yet form before us hhtiines pf his expiredliffi. v . thirty-four years ago, he was born in the town of traleo.; The heir of an old race of Kerry Chieftains from his father lie owned blood that ran, back to the, comipg of Milesiiis of Spain. His mother was riiece of O'Connell ; arid he could riot have been prouder of kin to an Emperor. A boyhood spent in drearily wanderings by - bold Slemish and lone Dauryhah'e, on the blue waters of the bay and aniong the SlySirilt shadows of the lakes, was fit training f'Of a nature > sb finely cast. These happy days tinctured his youthfu II fancy with shapes of beauty which- Were on' his memory to the last hour. In whatever despondency, amid whatever toil, one word that 'broUgt his thoughts back to the grand hills arid iron cliffs of iKerry was like a flood of sunlight updir his Soul. Differerit in their nature, but little less intense in degree, were the : reccolections in which he' often vented his fondness for Carlo w. There he -was 'sent at an early age, and in him that accomplished' Academy mourns a favourite pupil. He- always spoke of the days he spent in its halls with unshadowed happiness and regret. ih Kerry,' the; Leynes had a traditionary fame as, great' Physicians a,nd. from his birth Maurice had' been dedicated to the Medicine. He was studying in .the; Dublin Ijiospitals when the Richmond impri sonment jtook, place. His connexion with the fp'Cpnnejls brought him upon terms of intimacy with all sectjpos of thp Repeal Party. In that (electric time,, his genius son found an uttenrnce. piSjfine sequel to D, a vis's ' Flower of Firiae' was iprinted in The; Nation; and won the proud admin ration of O'Connell. We believe it turned Maurice's mind away from the study of medicine to the more jpxcitiqg ;.pnd ambitious pursuits of politics arid .literature. At that time the schools of physic contained more than one eleve for whom lyre and svyord would be a more suitable badge than saw1 .apd, scalpel. ' Shamrock's' brilliant and tender poetry vyas, at itg, richest flow. There were many more, dissecting and drugging, ..Whose. . .names did ,not reach . the surface until '48. Maurice Leyne was an unknow name for several years after he had given the, prpuqse of versatile and brilliant talents ; and first took a prominent place in Conciliation Hall after the Secession. Devotedly attached to O'Connell, passionately proud of his fame, his honour, arid his affection, we hkve never wondered at the headlong zeal with' .which, as the old man's health waned and his power- dwindled, arid for months after life and power had both passed away, Ley rie devoted himself to an s erithusiastickdvocacy of Old Ireland politics. So long ks a remnant of honesty remained about the ' Hall, so long as the ghost of Old Dan could be said to hiihrit it, Leyne was there — at1 last the PlaFe traded wind grew f too strong and he quit . Burgh- quay ' wi th his firigers: tohisnostrils. That "'with a littlei mkre'kbririplaik'anrie the Young tTribune: nighfc hayk Jived arid' died in sortie, convenient ;sinec.ui;e>thefe is little room for doubt. But it was an! intense ; loyalty to. lOJConnell's, person .and ! memory, rather than an abstract belief in Moral j Fprce,, that held him so long aloof from: his natriral I associates,; and there never lived a man so pure from the suspicion of self-seeking. . At last, in the middle of '48, re-opening the channel of intimacy which had been interrupted for two years, Leyne declared for the Confederates in a letter addressed to Gavan Duffy. Instantly afterwards he took an active part in tl\p negotiations to form the Irish League ; and when the Habeas Corpus Act was suspended went down to Tipperary in company with Devin Reilly, In all the hardships, dangers, and distress of that hapless attempt, he played his part gallantly ; and was at last arrested with Meagher and O'Donohoe, near Holy Cross. Committed to Clonmel Gaol on. the same charge of High Treason, he escaped prosecution by the inability of a material Crown witness to identify him ; and .was released about the sane time' as the other prisoners under Treason warrants. On his release Leyne returned to his work with unabated, with concentrated zeal. In September '49, the new Nation was started, and he has been an almost constant contributor to it ever since, and until laterly was one of the Proprietary, Clear, nervous, full of passion and of humour, few possessed such versatile powers and such an easy mastery over them. More than we will feel the want of that fiery force of phillipic, the fine turn of his parody, the mantling mirth of ' Zozimus.' All his powers indeed, were, at the very moment he was snatched away, fast maturing. Much of the luxuriant , exuberance of his earlier rhetoric had been subdued. His humour, had become easy and lambent. His judgment had arrived more nearly upon a level with his imagination. His was a nature in which the ideal never paused upon the politic; but even upon that sanguine spirit the dowri-hill struggle of the last six years had told ; and he was fronting his new work with a calmer estimate of its opportunities and its difficulties, than he could have formed some time ago — and with a far greater surety of success. Had he been spared to us, a year or two of the work he had designed for himself would inevitably have ripened him into one of the most effective public men who have ever moved in Irish affairs. What he had done was, we believe, far within the circumference of his powers. There was in his nature a youth ful buoyancy which was continually couquering and progressing. That face, lit up with a. blaze of enthusiasm — that form thrown haughtily back, like the statue of an antique hero — that deep-toned voice, which a Kerry accent tinged with melody — that puissant arm, outstretched with its simple, swaying gesture — the born orator spoke in his every lineament, tone, and movement. It was a strange transformation to see the same face, which, when he fulnrined over the democracy, shone with a sombre splendour, gain the most mobile quaint ex pression of humour among a seance of his comrades. Never more shall we see him, in either mood, hang critically on the fine roll of his peroration— or parry the agile thrusts of his wit. Many a plan, many, a hope, many a merry hour is entombed in that untimely grave-— that grave which is all that young Maurice Leyne shall ever see of his father — rthat grave over which the love of the most devoted of wives is struggling with the love of the most mournful of mothers. Tragic, indeed is their! sorrow. Yet it were well for any of us to be fit to take his place — to die the well-prepared and . Christian death that he died, to face eternity witfl1 the same assured and well-founded hope. Happy,' .too, perchance to have fallen while his crest wag still bright and his heart full of hope : — ! — " He-has ouisoared the shadow of our night, . Envy, and calumny, and hate, and pain, And that unrest which-men miscall delight ' . . — r ( Oan touch him not, and torture not again. ; j i ' j From the contagion of the world's slow stain, . : He now hath passed and never more may mourn : 1 A heart grown cold, a head grown grey in vain, Of when the spirit's lamp hath ceased to barn, ' ! > With sparkless ashes load an ;unlamented urn." i Peace ; be with him ! He rests < in noble ; soil ! Words l cannot describe the lavish sympathy and honour which the good people of Tipperary bestowed on him and his. The Archbishop of Cashel, with forty of his Priests,, comprising the principal dignitaries of- the diocess, paid to his remains the spontaneous and almost unprecedented horiour of joining in acSolemn; .Office for the -Deadi They' triarched before his .coffin1 to tjbe : grave, and jwere .followed by the whole , population of! the town 'and of the country for miles round, Go,4.®s th em for th eir great kindness to . him 'was, carried a. fettered rebel into their town aJ'few years since— whom they lately sought , with one voice to bear the manner of freedorn and truth in their glorious Country — whom they buried on the very day that his and their Leader was to have appeared. Sudden and awful as this blow has fallen upon all his friends, there is one great alleviation at least, when we think of the generous and noble hearts among whom he breathed his last. 