GOLD DISCOVERED AT DEMONDREL, AND AT ILLALONG CREEK, WITHIN THREE MILES FROM THE TOWN OF BINALONG. Binalong, August 11, 1854. About a fortnight or so back, information reached here, that gold had been discovered at Demondrel, a station belonging to Messrs. Wise and Marsh, within two or three inches of the surface, and news was subsequently con- firmed by the exhibition of 11 or 12 dwts. of the precious metal, in grains about the size of cabbage seed, and of that quality usually termed fine; but the interest created by this discovery in the minds of the good people of Binalong, who naturally rejoiced in the idea of having a gold-field, even at the distance of 25 miles from their homes, was wholly absorbed on Saturday last (5th instant) by the infinitely more exciting announcement that the " root of evil" had just made its appearance within three miles of their township; not in that "questionable shape" assumed by the ghost of Hamlet, senior, but in the unmistakeable one of nuggets. The gold was first discovered by a girl, aged from 11 to 12 years, the daughter of a person named Saunderson, superintendent to Messrs. Patterson of Illalong. It would appear that this girl im- pelled either by curiosity or by something that she had heard said, formed the resolution of examining the bed of a small creek, leading into the main one at Illalong, and her youthful efforts were so far successful as to put her in possession of several bits of the coveted metal, which she, attended by her mother, brought into town and exhibited to E. Beckham, Esq, Police Magistrate, and others; the result has been, that on the following day the worthy magistrate, attended by a party of the most influential persons in the town, repaired to the spot indicated, and, after going through the needful process of washing half a dozen dishes of earth, succeeded in bringing to light a very respectable specimen of the nugget family, varying in weight from half an ounce down- wards, and amounting in all to about 40 dwts. —thus proving, beyond the possibility of a doubt, the auriferous nature of the locality in question. As there are several experienced diggers in and about this town, little appre- hension need be entertained, that the capabili- ties of these newly discovered gold-fields will escape a further and more vigourous test. And here it may not be amiss to add, for the information of persons connected by business or otherwise with this part of the interior, that its inhabitants have lately made an active move- ment towards getting their Postal Communi- cation extended to twice a-week, which will no doubt be attended with success. 