THE INQUEST AT THEBARTON; TO TIIE EDITOR OK THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN REGISTER. Sir— l generally peruse your columns, and espe cially the edlitorial articles, with unqualified satisfac tion at the manly tone and generous spirit in which they are conceived: and I doubt not your late defence of Dr. Church against the attacks of the Times advanced still higher the high position already occupied by the Register in the estimation of the South Australian public. Great indeed, then, was my surprise, and greater still my sorrow, as I read on Wednesday evening last the leading article of Tuesday, having reference to the late inquest at Thebarton, on the body of the deceased George Handking, and which one would have concluded to proceed from the pen of some duly diplomated. ergo, perfectly qualified (?) medical practitioner, in search of a ' new arena for the exercise of his talents,' and not over-scrupulous as to the means employed to obtain it. I would not, Mr. Editor, knowingly be hypercri tical, but I may be permitted to point out an invidious discrepancy between Mr. Scammell's evidence, as reported at thu inquest, and ' his own confession,' as given in the leader. The former reports him to have said, in answer to the Coroner, ' that he had no diploma under any medical or surgical college, but had attended the usual lectures on medicine and sur gery at one of the metropolitan hospitals, and was only prevented completing his course of study by ill health in England; ' while in the latter he is made to 'confess he had never received a complete and regular professional education, but had attended several medical lectures at hospitals,' &c.; The points involved in this discrepancy are too obvious, and too obviously prejudicial to Mr. S., to need spe cifying. Taking the latter, he might be— but not necessarily — a fit subject for the coarse and contemp tuous epithets so freely applied to him — while, if the former be correct as I believed have a right to assume, he is in every moral, and in every profes sional sense but a mere form, a qualified medical man, and the dirt thrown by the writer of the article will stick to himself. I do not pretend to understand medical matters, but I do claim to possess the attribute common to all, viz , the power of observation; and allow me to ask, where is the grown-up person who has not known instances of disease, to ascertain the precise nature, and consequently the most judicious treat ment, of which has set at defiance the learning- and experience of the most eminent of the faculty, diplo mas and all? Two instances of the kind are within a stone's throw of where I am writing, and one of the parties was troubled ' with, a ' pain in the back '— (as the writer of the article facetiously talks of, though, Mr. Editor, I see no argument in a sneer) — and though his medi cal men could not indeed have 'overlooked the cause,' inasmuch as their modes of treatment, dif- fering from each other and from themselves at different times, evinced that they did not know it, yet, I apprehend, as they were legally qualified, or, as a wag explained tlie term, ' licensed to kill,' no inquest would have been necessary had the man died, nor, despite Mr. Woodforde's somewhat gratu itous boast, would they have accounted themselves unfit to practise in consequence. I am, I trust, as much an enemy to ignorant assumption as the writer of the article in question ; but I do not see that the mere possession of a diploma would have at all im proved the case, except that Mr. S. would not have been robbed of his fair fame by the petty jealousy of somebody — and permit me to suggest that there may be in this colony legally qualified ' quacks,' who require as much looking after as the ' others' referred to — and my own experience, and that of my family, aye, and of hundreds more in this neigh bourhood, can testify, that it is possible for a person to be unblest with the sovereign virtue and grace of a diploma, and yet, by education, diligent study, mental endowments, great experience, and successful practice, prove himself neither a 'quack' nor 'pretender,' albeit not able in every case to arrest the progress of death. Iu conclusion, Mr. Editor, permit me to inform you that, though Mr. Scammell ' was educated for the profession, and attended thu usual course of lectures, &c;,' yet, for the reasons stated at the inquest, not possessing a diploma, to the best of my information, he did not commence practising as a medical man until in some sort I may say actually constrained by the importunities of parties hereabouts, and the cir cumstance that until lately there was no one in this neighbourhood who could or would render assistance, even in cases of the greatest emergency, as was painfully experienced by a member of my own family some time ago — and be assured there are very many besides myself who feel they owe Mr. Scammell a debt of gratitude for his kindness and attention when no one else would attend or could be had ; and let him rest assured that the effect of this attack will be to gain for him the sympathy, in addition to the high esteem, in which he is already held by the inha bitants of Hindmarsh, Bowden, and Brompton. Apologising for the length of this letter, and re marking that I have no further acquaintance with Mr. S. than as my medical man, I am, Sir, &c;, AMOR JUSTITILE. Brompton, Feb. 24, 1854. The Rappers. — The following amusing coount of a Dutchman's consultation with this cabal istical body is taken from a late American paper :~ ' Ish duty ou Mrs Hauntz?' inquired the Dutchman. ' Yes, dearest, it is your own wife, who — '? ' You lie you tevil of a ghost,' interrupted Hauntz, starting from his seat ; ' mine frow speak noting but Dutch. and she never said ' teurest' in her life— it van always ? ' Haunt/, you tie! !' or, ' Hauntz, you tirty ahkaiiip 1* and the Dutchman hobbled from the room well satis fied that the ' rapping spirits' were all humbug, and that he was safe from any further communication with his shrewish ' fron- ' on this earth. HOW TO WRITB THE BlOGRAPnY OE A Woman.— An impudent fellow savs : 'show me all the dresses a woman has worn in the course of her life/and I wili write her biography from them.' ??'''' \2-6«| ' ? -. -?'?.?' 