SPEECH OF REV. ROBERT YOUNG, AT THE ANNUAL MEETING OF THE WESLEYAN MISSIONARY SOCIETY. LONDON, MAY I. The Rev. II. YOUNG, who waa most warmly greeted by the assembly, snid : Permit me, first of nil, to give thanks unto tho Lord, who, during my recent journeys by sea and land, has favoured me «¡th an abundant blessing, and has been my shield and my help, and to oxpress tho deep obligation I feel to those Christian friends who have so kindly thought of ms at tho throne of the heavenly grace, whilst lifting "Bp their hands and hearts without wrath and doubting. (Hear.) During tho last ,18 months I have passed over nearly . 40,000 miles, and although I have boen ' exposed to tho influence of various climates ' and have had to encounter sundry perils, God has beeu my refuge, and no evil has ; he permitted to bofal mo. " Bless tho . Lord O my soul, and forget not all his benefits." (Applause) During tho pro . secution of the duties of my mission I have , visited, as . your worthy chairman has already intimated, thc Australian colonies, . including "Van Dicnicn's Land. I have ' been to New Zealand, tho Friendly ; Islands, and the Feejeo Islands. On my outward voyage I called at South . Africa, on my homeward voyage at thc ' lovely island of Ceylon, and in both those .' ^places, as well as in all the countries in i '.tho far south through which I was called . to pass, 1 have had the most dolightful evidences of tho success which has been ' vouchsafed to the. labours of this Society. ' (Applause.) Everywhere I have wit , nesBcd scenes of moral beauty, and evory i- wbero I have heard songs of holy and joy \- ful triumph. Had I been an infido!, my infideli'y.must have given way before tho . multiplied evidence which I have been . permitted to witness of the divine power, and the earing influence of thc Gospel of the Son of God. (Applause.) You will 'readily perceive the impossibility of my giving to tho meeting anything more than \- a moro outline of my mission to thc southern hemisphere, I will begin with Australia. ' In that land of gold, to which . public attention bas been for some time . ?- Bo intensely directed, great good has been effected. Tho Society -in sending- Mis ' sionarios to the scattered and negloctod .' emigrants, have in Australia realised a great reward. It had established a cause in . that island-continent which is Christianity in aggressive action, and going every- where through the land and communi- cating its benefits to quarters fnr in the wilderness, and to tho diggers on tho gold fields, as woll as tho numerous villages and the communities of largo towns ami cities. Openings for usefulness are cvory . where presenting themselves, and more ministers are earnestly desired. (Hoar, hear.) During tho last thirteen mouths »ino missionaries from this Society havo arrived in Australia, niuo moro are on their way, threo have beon received from Poly- nesia, four havo been enrricd out in thc country, and I have brought with mo cash to pny the outfit and passage of six more-(cheers)--n.'äkitfg altogether au addition of thirty- ono labourers. (Re- peated cheors.) Nor do tho friends of that country ask for any fm thor pecuniary aid from tho Parent Society, hut with an enlightened and genorous liberality engage to mnko provision for all their Ministers, to maintain thoir own insti- tutions, and to contribute a handsome sum annually for purely Missionary purposes. (Cheers.) And when 'tho churches ol' that land shall bc formed into a distinct Connection, as is intended, it is my deep conviction that in thc confederated fbrm their progress will bo most rapid, their be no lit to that interesting country incalcu- lable, and thoir contributions to tho Mis- sionary Fund most mui.iliocnt. (Cheers.) Having visited tho different Australian colonies, and cvorywhero liaving met with a kind reception and a most hearty co- operation, I proceeded to Nov Zealand, accompanied by my excellent friend ' Mr. Boyeo.' Ilero I met with a new phase of tho Missionary work. It is only about thirty years since tho first nativo of Now .Zoulnnd was converted to God-was con- verted to Christianity. But sinco that period ''what hath God wrought!" By His ah un dun t blessing upon tho labours of tho Church and tho Wesleyan MissiounrioH, tho on.tirc Maouri population has been moro or less brought under tho influence of Christianity, lt is true that they have not all received tho Gospel in its renovating power, yet it hus saved all of them from cannibalism and from thuso vicus which so greatly de- based and blackoncd their former charac- ter. (Cheers.) And not a few of them have felt tho Gospol to bc tho power of God to their salvation, and aro now walk- ing in the fear of tho Lord and in the comfort of tho Holy Ghost. 1 received several communications, several letters . r from tho nativo Christiana, during my BO . jourti in that land,' in which they speak of religion-thoir knowledge and feeling ol' religion-in the moat correct language, and they, express their obligation to tho Society for thc benefits which it lins con- ferred upon them. (Cheers.) One of them says : "TlioHonro my thoughts. Listen! Tl di was a dark land in il ny s ot' old. lt was lust in darkness. 1 was lust lu darkness too. In dilu timo tho light of thu Gospel shone upon tho land, lt also shone upon mo. .Mis- sionaries carno and preached tho word. When I heard, my heart yielded. 1 received tho word, and gnvo my soul and body to God. 1 am told that those,who have gol to heaven wont tlniro hy faith. Thuir path was tho path ol' faith. . Now'I am walking in tho samo path, Jesus ls thu guto by willoh wo ontor. Kulth is tho pathway. AI y heart rcjoloos that 1 nm truvelllug In that way. . I hopo to continuo tu lt to tho end. This ls alfi have to say." Another says : " lleoif mu I Toll thc children ol' ligliT, tho men that hoUevo, in Knghuid, that they havo saved Hew Zealand by sending ministers of the Gospel. "When I hoy carno wu were eating one unotber. lt was love to us that tumlo thurn send tts inhibier« ¡ and now when men die wo bury thom, mid cut haman Hush no lunger. They bava priycd fur us too. lt ls tho'power of their prayers thulium made us IIYO. They are strong to piny fur dink peoplo, mid tho Lui il luis bearii their prayers for ns. T'lioso nru my though tn." These are hut specimens of many other letters 1 had thc happiness to receive from the native converts. (Loud nnplnnse.) Schools have been established in the country, and thc people generally have evinced a great desire to bo instructed. So much so, that, according to thc state- ment of your excellent missionary, Mr, Whiteley, three-fourths of the population can read the word of God, and two-thirds can write their own language correctly. (Cheers.) Civilisation, too, is advanc- ing. The people are beginning to cultivate land, to build suitable houses, to accumulate property, and to gatherround them many temporal comforts. In my interview with several of the chiefs I conversed freely with thom, not only on the subject of religion which they seemed thoroughly to understand, but also on civilisation, colonisation, commerce, the land question, and their loyalty to our be- loved Qucon^-(cheers)-and I left with a deep impression of their mental power, which when fully developed will, in my estimation, placo them in a position hardly inferior to any tribe or nation of tho world. (Cheers.) The European members of our Society in New Zealand, I nm glad to say, evince the same liberal spirit which I witnessed in Australia, and will at onco by sustaining in whole or in part several" Missionaries in the settlement, greatly relievo the funds of this Society. (Cheers.) Whilst in New Zealand I saw much to excite my gratitude, I could not but lament .that our work, so manifestly tho work of God, should havo been interfered with by a cer- tain class of colonists, and that it should have been marred by an attempt on the part of others to impress it with the imago of Tractnrianism-an attempt which has been productive of strife and vain glory, and lcd I fear to the fainting of many. (Hear.) When will men bo wise enough to abstain from such bigotry, who in oppo- sition to tito clearest evidence still exclaim, " Tho templo of the Lord, the temple of the Lord aro we." (Mear, bear.). Having accomplished my mission to Now Zealand, I started for tho Friendly Islands, »nd after a somewhat rough voyage, on anything but a * Pacific' Ocean-(a laugh) -I arrived nt tho Tonga group, early ono morning, and from tho deck of the vessel I distinctly counted at ono time twenty lovely islands just gilded by the rays of tho rising sun, and sparkling like so many emeralds in the bosom of tho now Pacific deep. Tho Tonga Islands embrace tho Vavnn and other groups, and number about 2o0, and their population is estimated at between 20,000 and 30,000 persons. It is only about thu ty years sinco tho Mis sionnrios first visited these islands.' These islands of beauty were then islands of blood. Dut a great change has been effected. The people were then in dark- ness, hut the Sun of' Righteousness arose,, and thc Gentiles came to His light, and kings to the brightness of His rising. The ' land was then a wilderness, but instead of the thorn hhs come up the fir-tree-in- stead of the brier has come up the myrtle tree. And although every idolatrous' weed has not yet been eradicated, thc fruits of righteousness are nevertheless ap- parent every where, which are to thc praise and glory of God. (Cheers.) With thc exception of about fifty persons thc entire population have embraced Christi- anity. (Cheers.) It- is true that they have not all felt its saving power, yet they have all been moro or less bonefitted by its influence, and some thousands of them have experienced its transforming in- fluence, and aro now hy tho grace ol' God adorning the doctrine of God their Saviour. (Cheers.) There were many things that greatly delighted me during my visit to that interesting laud. I was pleased with tho reverence of the peo- ple for the Lord's day. (Hear, hear.) On that duy nothing is heard or seen infringing upon its sacred rights. If people are beheld coining from their habi- tations, it is that thoy tuny go.up to thc house of tho Lord and inquiro in His linly temple. If a citnoo is seen in tho offing, it is conveying a Local Preacher to his appointment on some distant island, that ho may preach Jesua to tho people. (Hoar.) If noises occasionally fall upon tho ear, they aro not those of revelry and strife, but songs of praise and earnest prayer to tho God of heaven. I never suw a Sabbath so hallowed in any part of tho world. (Loud cheers.) 1 was also de- lighted with tho attention of tho pooplo to faintly worship. That duty is strictly attended to not only hy thc members of families, hut hy others ¡ there being vory few families throughout tho length, mid breadth of theso islands bearing tho Chris- tian unme, whero they havo not a domestic altar on which is presonted tho morning and ovouing; sacrifice. It is a most exhila- rating thing to bo in ono of thoir villages at tho hour of family worship. I havo been so privileged ; and whilst lis- tening to the voice of praise and of prayer issuing from nearly every habitation nt the same time, my heart has boen filled with tho deepoBt emotion, anti my spirit has felt ns if nt thc gates of heavon. (Cheers.) f. was also pleased with thoir proficiency in learn- ing. IS ot loss than M,(H)0 of them eau read tho Sacred Scriptures, and 5,000 can writo their own language, and soino of thom very ologantly. I examined several of our schools, nud ninny of tho pupils, in addition to rending and writing, lind ac- quired a very respectable knowledge of geography, arithmetic, natural history, and soino other branches of loaming. A few of them woro oven making attempts to master astronomy. I also had tho pk;n Htire of examining thu students ol' our Normal Institutions, (hear, hear,) and was greatly delighted with their profici- ency. Amongst thc students I met with tinco fournies, and who woro thoy ? Mrs, Homans, ri poetess of Touga-tho wilb of a chief justice-anti Queen Charlotte (\llour, hear.) That excellent lady con lortuB to tho rulos ol'thu institution, and subjects herself to all tho toil of a hard student, that sho may kcop up with thoso around her, for shu says it will never do for any native of tho country to know more than tho Qtioen. (Cheers and laughter.) She is an excel- lent linly, and a (lucen every inch of her. (Continued cheers anti laughter.) Not- withstanding these thing»., persons visiting these- islands with Uiiropeau notions ol' civilisation, muy look for things not to be found, mid return disappointed. If York- shire broadcloth and Lancashire calico bo regarded ns essentially connected with civilisation, then nre the Friendly Jshtnds not civilised, for they have nothing of the former nnd very little of the latter. The absence of these things disappoints the Christian visitor, and shocks his sense of propriety, and leads the man of the world, who looks moro at broadcloth nnd calico than at tho fruits of the Spirit to report unfavourably of the results of Missionary labour. But let the subject be fairly looked at. The scanty supply of native cloth which the people wear, is very suitable to their climate, and much moro comfortable than English calico in its finest texture. Nor do tho people imagino it wonting in delicacy. Indeed it is much less so than some kinds of European cos- tume. Besides, if they had over so much desired English attira they have not beon in circumstances to obtain it. Until very recently they had little or no trade, and even now it is exceedingly limited. " But if they do not come up to tho stand ad of European civilisation ns respects their apparel, the}' aro governed hy a code of Christian laws ; their personal rights nre respected, acknowledged, and protected . their industry is being promoted-their commerce wns increasing and their wars aro much less frequent and sanguinary than they wero formerly. (Cheers.) As a nation, they aro, after all, but in a transi- tion state, yet, in point of truthfulness, honesty, and hospitality, and temperance, nnd chastity, they might be placed in most advantageous contrast with thc refined and polite nations of the civilised world. (Loud cheers.) Let the case be thoroughly understood, and not misrepresented as it has frequently been by persons who have not thoroughly examined tho matter. (Hear, bear.) Their King George is a most remarkable man, and I suppose I shall be expected to give some account of him. (Hear, hear, bear.) On my arrival .'in Tonga, I immediately paid my respects to him, and hearing that he had a desire to visit Australia, I at once offered him a passage in tho John Wesley. He accepted tho offer, but said he must provision tho ship. I refused, stating that I was quite sure, from the high estimate which tho Missionary Committee had formed of his character, they would be delighted to know that I had the means of offering him that accommodation. (Hear, hear.) He said that was' all very well, and look- ing at me very archly, and smiling at the same time, he said, " You are in a strange land, and you must bo kind enough to obey the will of its King;" ,(Heur, hear, «nd laughter.) I of course submitted, and he provisioned thc John Wesley. He sent on board five and a half tons of yams, fifteen cwt. of pork, upwards of two thou- sand cocoa nuts, and about six hundred (owls. (Hear, henr.) It certainly was.a kingly provision. (Cheers.) On our arrival -nt Feejee, he evinced the sanie kind of disposition, fur on the day follow- ing our landing he sent mc my dinner to tile Mission House, and it was well cooked. (Hoar, hear, and laughter.) And what clo you think that dinner consisted of? Six largo puddings, four capacious baskets ol tallow, and.two large baked hogs. (Loud laughter.) Whatever others may be dis- posed to do, it is evident that King George has no disposition to stop thc supplies. (Cheers and laughter.) Ile is also a most decided and exemplary Christian. I had thc privilege of being with him fur nearly two months, and during that period I nover heard a foolish word drop from hts lips-(hour, hoar,)-nor did I ever seo anything in his spirit or deport- ment inconsistent with tho must cntiro dc votcdnoss ns a disciplo of the Lord Jesus Christ. (Loud cheers.) He is a Local Preacher, and I heard him preach in Fee- jee a most interesting, powerful, mid effective sermon. On his arrival in Sydney he attended a Missionary meeting. It ap- pears that some years ago he gave to Mr. Rabone, a Missionary in tho Friendly Is- lands, ¡in idol gotl which he and his family had been accustomed to worship-that, thc idol god, had been preserved by Mr. Ra- bone, who being at thc Mission in Sydney, showed this to tho king,.and requested him to take it with him to the meeting. King George did so, and on the platform hu held up the idol and said, " This is thc thing which I and my family wero ac- customed to worship." Then holding up first ono hand and then thc other, each of which was minns two joints of the little finger, ho said, " My father cut off these fingers nnd offered thurn in sacrifice to this very tiling." The thrill that went through the congregation on his making this statement was indeed most wonderful. (Hear, hear.) But the king had been amply revenged upon his idol gods. On his embracing Christianity he had them all collected, and to the indescribable alarm of his peo- ple he hanged the whole fraternity of them in his kitchen, and left thom dang- ling in evidence of their inability to save themselves or those who hud put their trust in them. (Cheers.) King George is a most enlightened and humane warrior. (I-Lear, hear.) About two years ago the heathen part of thc population, instigated by some of thu emissaries of Home, re- fused submission to his authority, and after thc exercise of even a longer forbear- ance than that which England lias shown to Russia, he was nt last obliged to tako up arms in defence ol' thc laws and liberties of his country. But he went forth to war ns n disciplo of tho Prince of Pence, not to destroy mon's lives, hut if posnible to save thom-(hear, hoar,)-and hy a I courue, pf conduct unknown in military tactics ho sucftiodod in destroying his eno niios without sloying any ono of them -and in transforming tho most inveterate foes into tho most admiring and ardent friends. Uno of tho rebel ringleaders cunio to mo and with tears in his oyos said, " Oh, Sir, tho King lins slain all our hearts." (Chocrs.) I visited tho tren under which tho king sat to receive his robel subjects,-they nppronahed with fear and (.rambling, knowing that thoy lind forfeited thoir lives to tho lnw of their country,-they expected to die. But ns they annie, King Gaorgo magnanimously said "live." (Cheers.) In ti transport of.joy and wondai' thoy begnn to thnnk tho King fur his domeney. But ha said to thom, '* Thnnk Jehovah, whoso lotti lins enforced mo thus to not. If it hud not boen for Jehovah's lotti every inna amongst you would have perished." They noir de- sired to attend family worship with the Kiiig, and he had it porformed in his camp, and for tho first timo did they bow tho kneo at tho foot of tho groat Jehovah. (Cheers.) King George returned from the conflict not with his garments rolled in blood, or with his hoad covered with tho execrations of widows and orphans, but richly laden with tho blessings of those that were ready to perish. (Loud cheers.) His extraordinary conduct has made a powerful impression in that part of tho world, and it seems to have utterly con- founded both Paganism and Popery. (Cheers.) It may be well for mo to refer to his views and intentions in relation to thc people in this country supporting their own ministers. When I was nt Vavau I addressed to the King a letter on the sub- ject, pointing out to him this Christian duty, and intimating that the time was now come for tho people in that country to turn thoir attention to this part of Christianity. He called upon mo in the course of n day or two at the mission house, and mndo tho following statement, which was kindly taken down by our ex- cellent friend Mr. Daniel, the missionary on tho station at the time. The King says : "1 received tho letter ssnt mo and was glad* When I received it I bruight my friends the Chiefs together and rend it to them. They at once maile known their minds that It was just and gnod, and right for us tn do. Un account of that place in the lotter which mentioned a wish that I would make known my thinkings upon the suhjeot, I am como. Hut I said in my mind when I read it, what can I make known ? .Why should I express my thinkings ? Theio are sub- jects upon which perhaps it would be right for me to express my opinion. But is this a mat- ter for individual opinion. Is not this a matter which has b-'cn revealed f ls it not a thing which is noted upon all tho world over, and is Tunga always to Bit down and do nothing? This shall not bo My mind is to unite in this good work. lt is perfectly true that, as the letter makes known, light has come to Tonga ; but It must not be thought that all are enlightened. Ko ; many uro yet dark, very dark, nuil especially upon this subject. But what of that ? Should the light bo governed or led by the darkness ? There are tlu.su who are willing to join in this work, and we will do it. You say I must not think England cares not for us. GLU I look upon what England has dono for so many years, and then think they havo no love ? Kot so. But this Is our duty, and wo will thus lovo England on account of the norld,'' (Loud cheers.).... Having accomplished my work in thc Friendly Islands I sailed for Fcejce-dark, sanguinary, cannibal Fccjec. After visiting Lakemba and Vcwa, I proceeded to Bau, the capital of the country and doubtless the deepest hell upon earth. On my nearing the shore the tide was receding and I had some difficulty in getting out of the boat, when a native carno up and in thc politest manner handed me out of thc boat, and brought me safely on shore. I took ott' my hat and made him a low bow, on which Mr. Calvert, our indefatigable Missionary smiled, and said, " you little know who you are bow- ing to-that man is the fiercest cannibal in the place." ("Hear, hear," and' laughter.) I was then shown six hovels in which eighteen human beings had re- cently been cooked, in order to provide a feast for some distinguished stranger, and the remains of that horrid repast were still to he seen. (Sensation.) I next went to one of thc temples, at the door of which was a large stone against which thc heads of tlie victims had been dashed, previous to their being presented in thc temple, and that stone still boro the marks of blood. (Renewed sensation.) I saw-but I pause. There are scenes of wickedness in that country .that cannot bc told. There arc forms of cannibalism and developments of , depravity that can never bc made known to a meeting like this. No traveller, whatever may be his character, would have the hardihood to put on record what he witnessed in that region of tho shadow of death. I went to sec Sakembow, thc great chieftain ns he is sometimes called, thc King of Feejee. I found him scated on tv mat. He received me with great politeness, and got up and handed mc a chair; and his Queen, knowing I was from England, at once made inc a co'mfortable cu]> of tea-a thing that 1 hardly expected in tho palace of a cannibal king. Before I loft, King George arrived at tho palace, and I requested him* to deal faithfully with Stikcmbow's conscience, and I believe he attended to my request, and did tho thing with good effect, and I hope the fruit of that visit will ho scon after many days. (Cheers.) Before 1 left Bau 1 called to Ree the King of Soino Soino, who was on a visit to the capital. I knew he had burned lu's own father alive, and that lie had threatened that the first man who " lotued " in his dominions should he cast into thc oven. Yet I was very anxious to see the man and accordingly called upon him. On being introduced I found him under thc operation of his hairdresser. He took hold of my hand and grasped it firmly and used with peculiar emphasis tho only two words in the English language which he could utter? And what wore they ? " Large knife." Now connecting hiscaiuiibal propensities (laughter) with this very extraordinary expression might hnvcsliaken some whose nerves are less firm than minc ; but I perceived from his man- ner and his countenance that it was a beg- ging petition ; and I nt once replied, that Í had not come there as a trattcr to give him a " large knife," hut that 1 came with something better-that I had come as a Minister of Christ to offer him salvation in the name of Jesus. Mc said that was very well, but he preferred a "large knii'e." 1 then reasoned with the savage, and ns I thought very powerfully and very conclusively, but, alas ! for my anticipa- tions, the only reply ho made to my argu- ments was, '« large knife." (Laughter.) I left that individual, and sent King George to him, thinking he could manage him much better ; but King George returned to-nie and told mo that thc King of Soino Sonto had snid to him that the lotti of Christianity was a very good thing for bad iitt-n as it made them good, but that he «lill not require it-he was already so good himself that he had no need whatever of Jehovah's lotti. . "Thc carnal mini fc ccivoth not thc things of the Spirit of God, neither can he know them, because they are spiritually discerned." A few weeks before I arrived in Fccjec, one of our excellent Preachers luul boun ill-trcittcd, beaten, and killed. When at Vuvuu I saw his widow, She was of n sorrowful spirit, and I- endea- voured to encourage her heart. She said she had consolation-that as her husband was a good man he was ina much better pince than Feejee. (Hear, hear.) But notwithstanding the darkness, and im- piety, and sin, and cannibalism in Feejee, a great work is being effected in that country. During my visit I enquired "Watchman, what of tho night?" and the watchman replied, " The morning cometh." Yes, thank God, the morning cometh. (Cheers.) It is spread already upon the tops of the mountains. The foul birds of night arc hastening away, and the Sun of Righteousness is about to arise with majesty and glory on that be- nighted land. (Loud ciieers.) We see that much g'iod has already been accom- plished. We have 3,000 of the people in church fellowship, 4,000 in the schools, and 0,000 regular attendants on the minis- try. (Cheers.) We have fifty native teachers (cheers) who aro valiant for the truth, and who in different parts of the land are making known the power of Christ's salvation. (Cheors.) I anticipate from their labours tho most glorious results. Then the people understand the character, the motives, and the objects of the Mis- sionary. Formerly they did not. When they heard that a man hod come from England all the way to their country, de- priving himself of so man}* comforts, simply out of love to their souls, they could not believe it. It was a new idea, and it was too great for them to comprehend. They could not take it in. But now they under- stand and appreciate the character and the motives of the .Missionaries. Thc Mis- sionaries there are now looked up to as superior beings, and there is a feeling en- tertained towards them which did not formerly exist. (Cheers.) Another fine feature of the subject is the conviction which is universsally entertained amongst the chiefs, and even amongst the priests, that Paganism in Feejee, with all its train of evils, is destined speedily to fall before Jehovah and His conquering Son. Pray^ God hasten the time ? (Loud applause.) Our Missionaries there nre most courteous, devoted, and self-denying men. Oh, how I admire them ! They are tho excellent of the earth, in labours most abundant, and they will look any man or demon in the face in thc efficient discharge of their important duties. (Cheers.) They and their very excellent wives-(loud applause)-they and their very excellent wives are entitled to the warm sympathy, the fervent prayer, and thc liberal support of all who know the Lord Jesus Christ and look for the coming of His glorious kingdom. (Cheers.).. .. It is now desired, as has already been inti- mated in thc southern world, to attach these interesting Missions to thc Austra- lian connection about to bc formed. Should that arrangement be deemed advisable the expenditure in the South Seas would not only at once be reduced some thousands of pounds annually, but arrangements also would be made to meet all.the expenses of these Missions in a very short time without asking any aid whatever from tho parent Society. (Cheers.) The work which has been accomplished in the Sou th- em Hemisphere by the efforts of this Society has not been fully appreciated. Only think of what has been already realised in so short a time ; and this is but an earnest of what is to be accomplished in connection with thc operation of our cause in this interesting part of the world. (Loud applause.). .. ,i feel greatly obli- ged to you for the patience with which 3'ou have listened to my statement. My difficulty has been to select-for I have ii mass of materials-a staple that will serve mc all the days of my life. (Thc Rever- end gentleman resumed his seat amidst loud and prolonged cheering.) 