PUBLIC MKHTINGr TO ADDRESS UEII MAJESTY. On Saturday afternoon, a large and influential meeting was held in the Theatre, to adopt an address to her Majesty on the declaration of the war with Russia. The meeting was called for t\\\</ o'clock, aud about that hour the The if re bejao to (ill fast, and by half-punt two it was resfl-cclubly filled, aud ill n short time became crowded. The stage was ajipropriated to those who were to address the meeting. The Crescent was placed iu the centre, at the hack of the singe, and was sup- ported on the right by ihe "Meteor flag." the Union Jack, and on the left by ihe broad folds of the tri-culor. A table aud chair was placed for tho Chairman, and rouud the stage were forms lor tlie accommodation of the speakers, &c.; The splendid band of the Nincly-nintb regiment was iu the orrlieitra, under the able leadership of Mr. Martin. Among the gentlemen present we recoguiscd the Hon. the Sjicaker of the Legislative Council, the Mayor of t-e City, Colonel llespard, C.li., Lieutenant-Colonel Last, T, D. Chapman, Esq., M.L.C., Dr. Bedford, Rcv.B.. Davies. Alderman Ellislou, 11. D'Arch. Esq., A. 1'crry, Esq., Alderman Worlcy, F. A. Downing, Esq., J. Dobson. Esq., F. Smith, Esq.. Dr. Bullor. M.L.C., J. llone, Esq . D. Kilhurn, Esq., W. Rout, Esq., J. Mav, Esq., A. M'Nau^litan, Esi., R, p(tCaini, Esq., 11. Power, Esq., W. T. Champ, Esq., C. U. Brewer, Esq., K. L"es, Esq,, l)r. Crookc, Dr. Hadlejr, Ninety-nint'i lcginicut. Dr. A^new, Aldermen Houuey an 1 Thornton, C. T, Smith, Esq., J. AlljKm, Esq., F. Holler, Esii., H. Hopkins. Esq., and a large numl/erof influential citizens and inhabitants of the city. Ou the Mayor making his appearance on the stage, accompanied t,y a n- niber of gentlemen, the baud played the "National Ansliein," tho wh.ile of tiie meeting staudiug. aud immediately afterwards the beautiful French national air, the " Mar iciHa'se," Tne Hon the Speaker of the Legislative Council, Eichanl l)iv, Esq., addressing the meot.nsaid— Geutlcinan,—You are met here this day to adopt ail uddress of loyalty to her Maj.'tt/ the Queen ou the occasion of her deeh.ra'ioii of war a/aiust the Eiuperor of liu«ia, and as the movement lor convening tli.s meeting has emanated from the civic authorities, 1 think it most jiroper that the h.ghost civic aulhmity should preside on this occasion, and therefore move that his Worship the Mayor do take the chair, (Cheers.) Tlie pruposil was earned by acclamation. The Mayor, W. Carter, Esq., on taking the chair, was received w.lh juinl eliccrs, when, on checiing having ;.ubsiJei!, the Cliairmiu thus addrcs-ed the meeting :— Gentlemen—1 have invited you tu n'tend here this day fur the pi rp se of adt.pling an address to her most (.raeious Majesty the Queen, on t'.ie r.'ient announcement of the war in which her Majesty is engaged with the Emperor of llussia, und to offer our sympathy and the exprc sioii of our appreciation of the endeavours which her Majesty's Government has made to maintain peace—at tlie same time to convey to h.r Majesty the atsurance of our continued loyally nml devotion to her Majesty's person and Government. (Cheers.) 1 know of uu more lue.n manner to bring l-cfore this meeting the facts which have causetl this warfare than by rawing to you the Royal Declaration issued on the 31si Mai»h, and which I take from a London paper of the 1st of April. 'J'ho Chairman having read the declaration, thus <ontinued his aildrcts :—Aftur hearing that document, who will say that war is not justifiable, or that her Majesty's innsteis were not completely justified in the course which they have pursued, and t> h ivu puisued any other would be most culpable P (Cheers.) It is not a war lor power, territory, or wealth, nor to sustain iusulted pride or oll'cuded honour, but o.lc to protect the weak, aud preserve the lew from the tyranny of numbers and wealth. (Chci'rs.) Who will say that it is not a righteous or holy war, and fuuudcd on the principles of that religion which we all profess P For it is 6aid, "Thou sbalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart;" hut it is added. " And thy neighbour as thyself," and has not England engaged in this war ill order to succour lier neighbour from the power of the haughty autocrat ol" the north, who, under the mask of religion, was endeavouring to crush Iter to the duslP Yes; England, like the gooi Samar tali, had gone to succour her neighbour. (Loud cheers.) There ore but lew of us who are acquainted with the nature of the war j wc know of it only as a matter of history, <uid have never lieeu called upon to experience its terrible realities. We have never felt the honors of a war whicl neither ag« nor sex, but 1 trust, nUho,,^"" have not been called 1 turn ^ .J 1 ®"^ »ve can feci for those who have fChp ! We ail know that '<»-' tf war 01, is une of tin! ' poweifut engines by which th» AUuw 1 chastens the iiuuons nations or of liie the earth it. . , * shall say tint thi prctrnt wt il ' in which God n„.i would -....u sake L use *f •. w E,,„f„ mot i" oni 1 * chastis* t'le Itoi.u JUipC1.sr «• his haughty pride. It Is W for „ nise th. designs of Providence, by our prayers aid »ur beitved country ,, i in no other way can wt assist her much i? is our duty, therefore, t« pray t0 Gad'«, . ho will crown with His blissing or our countrymen i. their pious endeavour to succour tin distressed. The flag of™!, b r ptM0 is now fueled, au.l " The flag that waved a thousand years The luttltaml th» freeze." ' that flag which ha) ever beea th* trust 0p tha bra*, befe of th* sl»„„d the c„rili° f of the freOsaoir flmting at th» milt of a powerful fleet, 5*110 forth to preveatTk! •Egression aad tyranny af the baurtt* tocrat of lh» aorth. (Loud .h.<r6.) LtfSl th«n (contiaued the Chairman) »,*. tofioa that by fceaas of in* copblacd efforts «• tB Rland and Franc.-, peace and happiness .a, be restored to the wealthy and pear alikt Trusting that you will excuse ..for having so long trespassed upon your tim», I w:n -fi upon a gentleman to submit tt , ,dr.,,sX' your consideration, which 1 feel quite certain you lull unanimously adopt. rC9UmeJ M S " at *» idflt Aldermse Ellistot then l-ott t.vt said Mr Mayer and Fellow Cities, I.mv.ry rrmid blage called together -iipoe rstheran ttuaukl occasion, to express their layalty to k«r M\\- jesiy. As a community, we are all sosagagol (and very Ltndsbly so too) ia aedeavouring to fill onr purses that onr f«linM«f loyalty and public «uiy appear t„ be almost stagnated. I say Btogntied, because a* sotner does ony imptrtaat caust arisa than as by sudden touch of Ithuriepa spear the* start up int* Ml Hfsand *«tion <Ch»r'l I ant certain that the inhabitants if TVs mania are trilling to «,|.Fort kcr Unjenr" not only with their joiees !mt with theft hands and lives. (Loud cheer, and oriuaf bravo.) I will mt attempt to <etaia you by making a long fprech, for 1 { speech m*ktr, b it you will recollect AM her Majesty closes th« declaration by expressinir a hope that tht ronld have the cordial sunport of her people, end I feel certain that that expression will be nowhere mora hemtily responded t» than by h»r loyal and itvoted snbjeetB in Van Dieintn's Lau«. {Loni and prolonged chpering.) I will „ow pro_. cccd to read the loyal address which it is proposed to make to her Majestyi Mr Elllston then real as follows : The Humble Address of the Citizens of Hobart Town, in Public Meeting assembled. " May it please your Majesty,— " The official announcement of your Majesty's declaration of war against the Emperor of llussia having reached this distant portion of your Majesty's dominions, we beg to approach your Majesty with an expression of our sympathy and regret at the failure of your Majes y's efforts t i preserve the inestimable blessings of peace to Europe and to your Majesty's subjects throughout the civilise ! world, ami with the assurance of our unaltered feelings of du'y and loyalty to your Majesty's person and Government at this critical juncture. " We ore sensible that after the enjoyment of nearly forty years of uninterrup cd" peace and commercial prosperity, privations incident to war will be severely felt; but wc also feel that every effort consistent with the lionourand dignity of your Majesty's crown, and with the safety and interests of your •Majesty's tuhji-atx. has been made fo&tkc; preservation of peace. * " With Ihes.! mingled feelings of loyalty and sympathy, wc desire to cxpiess to your Majesty our determination to aid and support ynur Majesty's Government 10 the utmost of our humble means, in maintaining the houorand supremacy of (he Briiisii name nnd flag iu this hemisphere, nnd that we shall he prepared iu common with our fellow Hiibjccis, iu other puts of your Majesty's domi nioLS, to m ike such Baerifiies ns may tie necessary, to promote the righteous purposes for which this war has beeu commenced." Geutlemen, continued the worthy AI Herman, the address is short, but it contains nothing repugnant to loyal feelings, and as I am sure of the fact of its meeting with a hearty reapinse, 1 shall not therefore detain you any loiifcr, hut lay it lef.ive. his worship, in the hope tbaiii will bo doiy seconded and cari ied unanimuusiy. loud cheers.) The Hon the Sp-uker of tlie Legislative Council ou rising 10 second the adoption of the address, was received with loud nnd prolonged cheers, when the ohecring had subsided, he observed, Mr Mayor and Ocntlemen, I am obliged (or the warm and cordial reception you have given ine. I have been requested by the civic authorities to second the adoption of the address which bus just been submitted to you- Sir, it has often fallen lo my hv to address public meetings, but 1 have never submitted to any meetiug ^proposition with bueh p.'fleet assurance of its being ai«ptcd, us i fccl now in seconding the address of loyalty to the Queen. Sir, you have done well to tummon your fellow citizens together in order to adopt a humble but most sincere address of loyally lo Her Majesty. 1 know the people of Tasmania, in common with Her Majesty's subjects in tae other Australian Colonies, are true and loyal. 1 know they have loolied well into the question, ai.d although they feel the deepest regret that Her Majesty lins been oMigoiUoticJlare war.they nevertheless rccogniseaud support to t'.e fullest exreritthe high prerogtriveof the Croivn to declare war. (Cheers.) 1 think this is a fittijg occasion for the citizens of Ho'.mrt Town to declare their loyalty to their Soveereign. fLoud clicerr..) It is true that we can do nothing to aid iu the great struggle in'o which the nation had entered, but to esprers cur loyally Lecaiue our duty both as men and as Christians (Loud anil prolonged cheering.) Anil I b.'licve that that expression will lie warmly recivcd by the Queen. (Reiterated cheers.) The occasion for wliicb we have met fis a solemn one, but wc must look at the circumstances under wlldi t'.iis war lias originated, and in them we sliait mi'l that which more than justifies the course which Her Mrj.s'y' Government hnsadopted. (Ch.-ers ) After a protracted peace, and aiter a reign of IS years -a reign which hod done more to render the nation great, done more lobringout intelligence and promote civilization than any pr*-vi ! >U3 one ', alter such a period, our m.-si graci-ios sovereign, has seen fit tosouud the tose.in; of war, an 1 that sound lias roused the British Linn, win h is come forth in his might (loud cheers.) X believe there is 1 (t one who wmild not, if possible, avert tho ini-erics -which will t.dlow this war, not enly to the 11:11 i ni, but the world at large ; bji although tbis would be most desirable, it could only be obtained ou oue condition, viz., that which wits consistent with national honour, aud the rights of mankind (loud cliceie.) This is no war of aggression,it is the a t of ft people standing b a twee.u despotism aud the oppressed (cheers.) Sir, we know already what lias been tho response of tire people in England 011 this subject; wc know that it is n war of right ng.iiust wrong—of truth niainst falsehood—of civi'iiratiou "against despotism, it is a war against relaidjient fur if llussin. ha l betn successful it would have tlironu bach the civilization of the world for yt ars and perhaps for centuries (hear hear). It is a ilelightfal thing to recognise tlie |iositioa of Eng'and in HUB struggle, and to sec how the sympathy of ihe people, had been called forth 'owa <ls her Majesty's ministers on the declaration of the war (hear hoar). It was delightfulto witness the enthusiasm which bad beeu excited by the publication ofthc seeret correspondents which had taken plncc between Russia and Englau and of which by some strange infatuation, the Emperor of Russia hail challenged the publication (beat . „„.) The course which ''ad been pursue! j. "the English Cabinet refieotcd lionour on them • they bad rejected the tribe of the traitor who had conspired against the peace of Europe {bad and long cheers) I do not look with a desponding eye on this contest, I still look on the brighter side af the picture, and hope.beita for the future. I. it not possible mat ihe ;Emperor if Bussia may have been too cunning even for hi«aself,a«d tliot, that «jstc«i of despotist* may crumble under theaot Which he baa committed? May we not hope that the result tf this war will I o favourable to the liberty of those suffering under despotism J I believe it will, and that the glorious result of this war will be the first step towards those who had been groaning under despotic sway, obtaining their liberties (luul cheers). The address is simple, it tpeaks of the loyalty of the citizens of Hobart 'l\o»n, aad I know tbat that loyalty extends thrtughout tb* wbol« length and breadth of the lattl (loud and prolonged cheering). It is true, that there b«s|been on* dissentient found in New South Wa ea, a.mm who when a siailar address was r'opo*<3 at a public meetiag, had declare! that he felt no sympathy vita Jaflifd, and *»d said—" England's necessity was Australia's opportunity." Jc is gratiffing to know tbat such a sentiment met nith n* re«po»sl; hut I believe that if any one stared to give utterance to such a senmeat here, ha would bs scoutrd out of the community (cheers). In the full arsarancc that this adilrtss Drill b* receiiri ontliusiastieally, I b*( ta second the resolution ifljving its adoption. Th» koa. gentleman theu rtomtd his aeat aaidat she most enthusiastic dhcen n The Ve*. Archdeacon Davits, next rose, aad said—He had not come then that day witk any intention of addrfsaing the meeting, but seeivg tbat h* was the only clurgymaa present, •« felt bound to da so. {Heir, hear. | He hfcl heart ii said, by one of the gwitfemMi who hCk'i pretioualy luldrnsed tins," Tbat it was a holy and a righteous war«*d he weuld say " It was a holy and righteous War!" It was not a war between tin crow and crescent; aad, in proof of which kt wealJ read the speech of a truly pious •an, dtlitored in the Heuse of Lords, ia the noatk cf Marth last Tint gentleman was no othar that the Earl of Shaftesbury. The werend gentlemaa here read the speech fro» the " 'fiuies" newspaper of th« 1 Sth March, i» which a outrast was drawn betw»a» the tolerant spirit tHspUyed by th« Turkith (OTirnmant to*»rJs the Christian population, the dissimiii^tioB of tke Bitile, and the admisiitu of Chrisiiauity, aad the iaioleraut spirit displayed ky the Russians. He ironM notiietainilieiaaay longer, but it w«s a holj trariart and a righteous raairc thty wereeigagel in, and he tbaught that noulil prove it. (Loui Cheers.) Mr, Brewur hoped ht might be allowed to •ike a few remarks. They *ete aaseiebled for the purposa of nnswiring that which tier Mtjesty haioalled r>r, vii, the •jmpathies of hersatijcclB. It would be unwise on their puts not to understand the grounds upon which tlie al tress was framaJ. The original cause of the aispulc was between the Latin andGieek Churches abjut the Holy Sepulchre of Jerusalem: this wue the leaver wbjcli was first put in, and it was the obj-ct of the Emperor of Russia to bccoia: possessed of the Ottoman Empire, end to make Conet&utinople; his Uctrupolis. Daring the negotiations whieh caened the French threatened to bring a fleet and anchor all Constantinople, when immediately the Emperor of Russia, as the Dead of the Greek Church, threatened to occupy the principalities if his terms were not couceaed to. The allied Powers, however, found it necessary to interfere, bat in the mcati time ccrtain secret ncgociatinr.s were goiiij; on. the Emperor Nicholas thinking lliat England and France would not enter into the came. We knew, said Mr. Brewer, the o bject of ' these scuret despatches. An offer was made to settle tlie matter, and the Allied Powers were to have met at Vienna. (Here Mr ilrewer read an extract from nu English paper respecting the secret despatches, when a voice fiom the crowd said, " Will you be hind enough to tell us what we do not know ?" A voice, " We know nit this from the newspapers!" Mr Urcwer continued—in accordance with the Note—(Wj all know this. Another voice, " lie is a Russian spy 1" meaning the party w'.!0 was calling out.) Mr llrewer ngain continued. Then you will recollect the time of the occupation of the Principalities by the Russians. (A voice, " Every school boy knows that!" aud 1 know you too, Mr Davis!) Mr Brewer was again proceeding, when lie was again interrupted by cries of " bravo. Charley, and order, Davis." It was perfectly clear, said the learned gentleman, that the Emperor hail determined the reiult Ehould be war, and that he would couqucr Turkey. Wc were called upon, he continued, to cooperate with Her Majesty, but, at tiie same time, we must ddend ourselves. Our prayers she will have, and let it be said of you, as EujHshnmn, tkt you have done oil in your power. (Long and loud cheers ) , Mr Julm Davics then came forward, and *as received with mingled cheers and hisses -He obserrod, that it was not the first time he had had the honor of addressing his fellow citizens, but he had never done so on a question of stich vital importance as the present. He should ui.t have presumed to come forward had he seen any man, rnovin" iu a similar sphere to himself, -willinK to come forward and state, on helmif of the industrial clnsscs. their untiring loyalty towards Her Majcity. (Cheers.) lie had never within his lifetime seen so extraordinary a sight as the lings of England, franc.' and Turkey united lor t.nc column,i purpose' winch hud been to well illustrated by Alderman Elliston, the Xluyor, the Kptaker of tiic Legislative Council, und not lorgcttir.n- the elaborate essay of Mr llrcwcr. (Laughter ) Ho merely same forward as an humble individual to assure tliem that the tradesman the artizan, and the working jnau wonl 1 give place to no man, whatever might be lii« pos!- tiou, in the expression of loyalty to the Queen. (Loud dicers) T. D. Cliopman, Esq, M.L.C., remarked ttist it gave him great pleasure to j ,iu in BUpport of the movement which bad becn'-o well begun and all but concluded, he could only [sny that he agreed most cordially with tile spirit of the aldress (Cheers ) He trusted that by the li,m nipport aflor.led to her Majesty, the war might be brought to a successful termination. (Cheers) But all must agree that all that could be expecte.l of the inhabitants oftfmt colony wns, to defend he territory they dwelt in, and he believed S t TJ I'" 1 6 mi ", " mo "e^t then, who TOnld not lo prepared to Hy to arms if an rnemy should venture to attack tlvs land war Chapman nf,or aiitnling to the sympathy ppresacd in England for the wives a,,!' oh I- 1m o ,hosc who had P„ne forth to L i oocluded by stating that it w.s his ,Vt"nfcv/i H8 "! Wq " e " t t " f ** niecUng to S,ilT 1Ut ' 0^fcr ontc,i "S into a subic8 of n o I ",°J" Jc for J 1 " 5 "nd fami. Ln ™V ° 1° U "' re ri " ' engaged in tt hews. r ' £UD,o J seat amidst loud "s not | Utl ,0 m,iP remarks, long spetclus published intlm iiblished in some of the newspapers here for B a flv-pi n 8,,0W hcr ? •u ^'t AVUI, I cr S" 1 m,J ™,?' t ,'; Uhi ' n to come thusf^ SI 5 WJI^O I ' L '" , ' S > ALLIMUC OF -rttoke ortli our^vm ° ' , 11 i • h> ' "yi^-L't oppression. De , p !, ! C "F! ! '.'' r l,cr '» 111 cnre thnt «,!?• V • . ' her r resolutions lo l0 18 heera.) tight. (Und E V 0 5 ^ " " ' ^ " " ' 0 1 F ' ( " AHLCRMAN W„R. \- ' K t f ' j presented himself and j the gallery was heard. (Cut it •im J "O', 1 '" fiensrous for toudtab^lwf^ rcraarka . bat he-was »» w be aUa to wpresa his faU saih&o.; <ion nt the resolution they had come lo. and the SUCCCES which it had received. A very old writer, almost three hundred years ago. lie said, had compared Britain to a swan's liest. (A voice, question?) Mr Worley—It has reference to the question. (A voice—no delusion.) Mr Worley, continued—A swan's ne9t in a pool of water. (A voice—^without eggs.) Laugher. (Another voice—lot us liave it, Worley.) Mr Worley—I do not intend to make a speech (Another voice—this swan's neat )_lioars of laughter ) Mr Worley—It is quite evident you ore pleased with the figure, I only want to show you. (A voice—It's a mare's nest) Mr Worley I cannot .get on if j-ou won't jet me. (A voice—Goiug, gone.) Hoars of laughter. Mr Worley—We are engaged in a war of the utmost importance to the liberties, (A voioe— (LOMIP, gone.) Mr Worley—Addresses have Iieeu presented to her Majesty from almost every town of Great Britain, and if she lias been much pleased with those at home, she will receive with more than ordinary pleasure and satisfaction one coming from this colouy, and that too, 16,000 miles from home. 'Loud cheers) A voice — Going, gone (Laughter and loud cheers.) With this Mr Worley retired. (A voice—You are ri gularly used u» ) Roars of laughter. The Okairman than put the resolution, which was carried unanimously. Three cheers were than called for Iicr Majesty, when the assembled crowd arose " en masse," and burst after burst of the most enthusiastic cheering rung threugh the building. The cheering lasted for several minutes. The Band then played the National A lithcm, and at its conclusion another series of l"ud cheers hurst forth from the assembled throng. The Hon. the Speaker of the Legislative Council rose, and after alluding to the 6tiength of the English fleet, the ability and talent of its officers, proposed three chejrj fol'j the combined fleets and armies; and (continued he, pointing to the flags of England and France), " liny those flags bang thus, side by side for ever, and may the powers they represent be ever ready to come forward to rescue the oppressed." Cheers were then given for the combined forces of England and France, with right hearty good will, the hand playing "Rule Britunnia." Tiie Hon. the Speaker then requested the Baud to play the old tune of " British Grenadiers," observing that the army had always been ready whenever thccuuutry had callcd lor their services, and indeed, if any man refused to answer to the call, to use the words of n member of the British House of Cummous, that m.m deserved to he smote across the mouth with a bar of iron." The air called for was played by the Band, and three most enthusiastic cheers given. Dr. Bedford rose to proposo the next reso- lution, and in doing 60 ho said he wa6 happy the time of the day rendered it too late to offer any remarks. The grounds that you have been told, you have embodied, and you have that sent home which will tell them how we think and how we feci upou such an occasion, (Cheers.) He would, therefore, propose the following resolution:— " That on address be signed by the Mayor on behalf of this meeting." Joseph Hone, Esq., seconded the resolution, and at the same time said—Mr. Mayor and Gentlemen—It has adored me much pleasure nt being present on this occasion. (Cheers.) but much more at seeing the address which was proposed by Mr. Alderman Elliston, seconded by a son of the soil, tbat, gentleman (continued Mr. Hone), I knew when a little boy (laughter), nine or ten years old, little did I think of seeing that gentleman the Speaker of the Legislative Council and the seconder of an address to her Majesty the Queen. (Cheers.) I am almost inclined to think, that is another sun of the soil (meaning Dr. Bedford), and J have, therefore, infinitely and greater pleasure in seconding the resolution. The resolution was then put to the meeting, and carricd by acclamation. Dr Butler, Al.LC., moved the next resolution, "That the following ircntlcmcu do form a deputation to wait upon His Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor, requesting him to transmit the uUdresB through the Secretary of State <o Her Maj^ty the tjuccn, viz:—the Hon the Spiaker of the Legislative Council, the Mayor aud Aldermen, the Venerable Archdcac-in Davies, Dr Bedford, T D Chapmau fisq, MIC, .1 lloue, W Kout, A M'Naughtcn, and J Dobson, Esquires. Arthur Perry, Esq, seconded the resolution, which wns carried unanimously. The Chairman—Capt Miller wishes toaddress the meeting. Capt Miller having come forward, said, Mr Mayor and gentlemen—this is the firsi speech I have made for the last 27 years, and I nm rather out of the profession and dumb for the want of practice. I have heard several speeches made here to day, of which I do not disapprove There had been a wonderful profession, which 1 trust may be s'neere. Bat I would rather see practice than profession. (Loud nnd long cheering.) The Queer, God bless her, and give her all the means wc suggest. A deputation has been appointed, but 1 should like to see a rifle corps. (A voice, well doneGeneral Miller: laughter and much cheering.) To which the gallant Captain replied—You do me too much houor. The noise is very good, but if a couple of Russian fi igates were to come up to our shores tomorrow, they would not be frightened with noise. Great guns, lie continued, are good things, good in their way; be bad been 27 years iu one of Iler Majesty's regiments which had seen more serviee than any ot^er, cxcept the one in which the Duke of Wellington was- A ritlc corps might be if some service, and lie would volunteer if one could be gut up within 12 months, when he was about to leave the colony, he eaid 1 nm ready to command itntany lime. (Loud aud continued cheering ) T 1) Chapman, Esq, MLC, accoriliug to inintiinatinu previously given, moved—" That a Suh^ci-ipt:on List be opeue l, to form a fund (nf which the Mayor was to ba treasurer) for the relief of the wives and families of those men who went forth to the war. The subscription to be limited to a guinea" J lloue. Esq, socoiulcd the resolution, wdich was enrried unanimously. J Allport, Esq, moved a vote of thanks to hU Worship the Mayor for hiB conduct in the chair, which was carricd by acclamation Three cheers were then given for his Worship, the hand playing, "Fur lie's a jolly good fellow " The assembly then rose whilst the hand again played the " National Anthem," anl at its conclusion dispersed. 