TABLE MoVING AND SPIRITUAL MANI- FESTATIONS," IN CHINA. BY DR. MACOO.W-AS,-OP NIHGPO. (From the Mrth-China Herald, April 29.) As our acquaintance with the language, literature, and customs of this remarkable people has extended, we have so frequently met with coincidences in thought and in discoveries, that it has become a habit to look in China for parallelisms in almost every mental conception of Western thinkers, and in the vagaries of our illumines! and transcendentalism. Accordingly, when the novelty, so called, of Table-moving assumed so much importance as to attract the attention of Professor Faraday, we turned with our usual confidence to Chinese sources of information, on the latest American notion, and found, as expected, that the Sons of Han had anticipated outside sages in all such feats. Cut as things generally go by contraries in the far east, we find the phenomenon here to be reversed ; or, in other words, Chinese tables instead of performing their peculiar function as among Barbarians on their legs; which about on their heads, if the term be allowed, with the nether members pointing to the ceiling The directions usually given are, to place a couple of chopsticks at right angles across a mortar or bowl filled with water; and upon these the table turned upside down. Four children are then called in, and to each a leg is assigned, on which one hand is gently j laid, while the other ceases the free band of a companion ; thus forming a circle. Nothing now remains to be done but the reading of an incantation by the " medium," which may be thus rendered, " Heaven 1 Entreat heaven for power : Earth ! Entreat earth for power : Left green dragon ! Turn to the left, Right green dragon ! Turn to the right." " If you fail, I'll call Yellow Ling, Duke of Space, to bring his horsewhip to flog you till you scamper right and left." Soon the table begins to heave with emotion, and then becomes revolutionary, carrying the lads along with increasing velocity until whirled off the axis. Not to he dependent on mere hearsay for information, He called several small boys from the street into our study, and, dispensing with the water and incantation, simply directed them to place their hands gently on the end of the legs of a table adjusted and reversed according to rule one to each without forming a circuit neither of them had the least notion of what was expected. In a few minutes the table became uneasy, and after a few struggles begin to spin from from left to right, accompanied by the youngsters as fast as their little legs could move, until it went off in a tangent nearly skinning the skin of an unlucky urchin. The operation always affords amuse- ment and although there is perhaps not a Chinaman living who does not fully believe that the motion is effected by supernatural agency, it is never performed save for the sport it yields. It is hardly necessary to add, that one object thus passed can be put in motion by an impulse so slight, that the agent may be unconscious of communicating it, that the whole party should soon yield to and follow the revolutionary movement is not marvellous. It may be thought strange that while the Chinese implicitly believe table- turning to be the work of devils or spirits, they have never attempted to hold any communication with Hades through this medium ; but the truth is, that " spirit rapping " indicates such a want of intellectual culture, that it is no longer heard except among the illiterate and vulgar. In China, these beings, instead of resorting to the awkward and tedious system employed in the ' West, write their communications. Last, however, it should be thought that racßing is not known here, we shall, before treating of writing, show that in that feat also China claims priority. Among the canaille in the Chinese Pantheon is the party Miss Fan-h'ang, a "sprite," or fairy, answering to Cloaciua in Roman mythology, who is consulted at New Year's season by those who desire to know what sort of luck they are to experience during the year. A girl is sent with a lighted candle and incense sticks- to worship among the close, holding a race basket for convey- ing the filthy elf, whose presence she invokes, into the house, and who it is said never declines attending. The basket is placed on a table by the side of two small wine-cups inverted, and separated a few inches: the cups are used as rests for the ends of a chopsticks, on which a rod is balanced, which completes all the preliminaries. The mediums " new asks, " If so and so-or myself-is to be successful this year, knock twice; if otherwise, knock three times a whereupon a see-saw motion of the rod takes place, until the end strikes or '. raps " the table either twice or thrice. We are assured that the Fun king Kuniang always answers in the manner described ; but that so little reliance is to be placed on her veracity or her power of divining, as the case may be, that the discovery cannot be turned to any practical account. Not so, however, the Kaiser, ghosts or demons, who for the most part had, when men, acquired the caligraphic art, and hence employ the pencil, or style, instead of table legs; or, technically speaking, they resort to radiographic in preference to phonetic communications. As we have by our caption attracted the attention of the lovers of the marvellous, it "behoves us to describe the method of procedure, particularly as it is applicable to alphabetic writing, and fitted to supersede the clumsy system of Western socialists. It is on this wise : A table is first sprinkled with bran, flower, dust, or any powder, to receive the communica ~ stone-; and next, a hemispherical basket, such as is employed for washing rice, being about eight inches in diameter, is made to do duty as penholder, which is done by attaching a pencil to its periphery, or more commonly by thrust- ing a chopsticks through the interstices. Nothing now remains to be done but the adjustment of the basket, which is turned with Its concavity downwards, its edges resting on the tips of one or two fingers of two persons, at right angles with the style, and on opposite sides of the table : thus poised, the pecil it allowed to touch the powdered surfa. e of the table. The experimenters and observers will be amused and interested ; perhaps startled, at what then takes place for, independently of the arid of those holding the style, it soon begins to move and if they do not exercise more control over their fingers' ends than is within the power of most persons, they will follow the motions they uoflonaeiou'ly communicate, until the pen grazes every part of the table, describing in its course curves, lines, angles, and figures in infinite variety. Like the moving, this is a very simple affair, and owing to the same physical causes, but nevertheless it is an interesting and to us a novel fact. No such explanation" however, will satisfy a Chinaman ; there is probably not a native living, Pagan or Christian, jew, Mahomedan, or anything else, who does not religiously believe it to be owing to super- natural agency and in support of that believe, almost any of them will give narratives, which, to say the least, must be admitted to be extremely curious for say they, if you invoke the presence of a ghost by suitable religious ceremonies, you will almost invariably have characters traced on the table' by the spirit, which generally reveals something occult and mysterious. The demon or spirit summoned may be unable to write, or may be mischievously inclined, causing merely a few flourishes on the table, or writing sentences, either r destitute of sense, or calculated to mislead; but in a great number of cases, the characters thus traced in the curative form will be found in perfect accordance with the best style of composition, accurately communicating things altogether unknown to the operators. The conditions imposed as requisite to the successful performance of the experiment obviously precluded our submitting it to a test, even had we supposed it really merited investigation. The subject, however, is of sufficient importance to introduce here some circumstances with which we have become cognisant through parties who aver that their knowledge was not second-hand. Soon after our arrival in Ningpo, in 1843, ere the port was opened for trade, such a wonderful impulse was suddenly given to the custom, that it could only be compared to the prevalence of an epidemic; there was scarcely a house in which it was not practised for a season, almost daily. The cause of this remarkable revival of an old I custom not generally observed could not be ascertained but its subsidence, after a short period, was explained by the amount of mischief occasioned by those who followed, or confined in, the communica- tion" from Rules. and by the' complaint that little real advantage ever accrued from this form of divinities n. More recently. a club of literary graduates were in the habit of assembling in thePau-teh-kwan, a Taoist temple near the temple of Confucius, for practising the Ki, as the ceremony is called and many and marvellous are the revelations told of the " spiritual manifestations" which they elicited. It was continued for a long time until the arrival of an intendant, who disapproved of the demonology; he addressed the party as a friendly adviser, urging the discontinuance of such practices, on the ground that he had never known any good, but considerable evil, to result from them. His counsel was followed and since that time this sort of divination has been tried only occasionally, - and by individuals. We select a few instances which have come under the observation of intelligent and re- putable natives of our acquaintance : A poor graduate who resided near the Taoist temple named above, and who had seen the communications traced by beings in the invisible world, repaired to that place, and after worshipping, and employing incantations, invoked the presence and instructions of his deceased grandfather : whereupon the pencil traced in legible running-hand some suggestions, which were complied with, but which prove d disastrous to the scholar. A very intelligent man, now a Christian preacher, relates an occurrence which he witnessed several years ago. A Mr. Li, in the village of Maughan, near this city, enjoyed the reputation of being remarkably successful in consulting spirits. Our informant Chin formed one of a party which had determined to test Mr. Li's sKill. It was agreed that the spirit should be requested to write a prescription for the wife of one of their number, then confined to bed with sickness. Two boys who had no knowledge of what information the parties desired were called in to hold the basket. In a little time the table was filled with characters, in which the diagnosis and treatment were clearly expressed -of course according to Chinese notions of pathology : the whole when copied was shown to the practitioner in attendance, who declared it to be perfectly correct ; displacing thus it must he confessed, a degree of magnanimity which native doctors never show their confreres in the fl sir. This Mr. Lee is now a fugitive, and in danger of losing his head in consequence of severity as the Kwei or demons made to him a few men is sago respecting a new aspirant for the throne of! this empire. Three of his accomplices were beheaded a few days since for the part they took in the affair. We can imagine that some of accidental practitioners of the art will claim superiority over their collaborators in the far east, averring that they call up at pleasure the manes of Bacon, Franklin, and other sages; and, as one writes with delectable naivete, possessing the ability to consult departed greatness, " from a royal duke down to an American President's Very well ! the Chinaman is not a whit behind you in that respect. To select a single illustration in conclusion-it may be found in Mor river's Dictionary: ''In 1814, a deposed officer of government was condemned to death for publishing an answer which he declared he had received in this way from Confucius. The pur- port of the answer was, that the Emperor should depute a prince to worship at the tombs of his ancestors, instead of going himself; and that the title of Emperor' should be taken from the demi-god Kwan-ti-ideas which were d eldred to breathe the most daring impiety. The government commonly discourage the practice," It is, we opine, capable of demonstration, that whatever in the West has been achieved by devils, or revealed by ghosts all that has been concocted by knaves, or gulped by fools, can be matched in this Middle Kingdom. 