SIR CHARLES NAPIER’S BEQUESTS. —'London Corres pondent of Inverness Courier. Sir Charles Napier—the ‘Devil’s Brother,’ as the Seinde warriors called him—amidst all his genuine nobleness of character and eagle flights of genius and daring, had something of the vulture as regards money. He affected to live in a small lodging in London, and receive company in his bed-room, because the East India Company had not given him sufficient prize-money.' His will, now administered to, shows no want of’ funds, though lie richly merited every penny he received and ten times more. The personal property was sworn under 20,000?.; but it appears from the will that the general had given away 50,000?. before his death. His real property (not taken into account in proving the will) was also great. He devises his Oatland estate, on the decease of Lady Napier, to her daughter Emily aud her issue, and his funds in the United Kingdom aud Penn sylvania also to his wife for life. He leaves an Ameer sword, which had belonged to the conqueror of Sciude, to his daughter Emily, for her eldest son, Macmurdo’s sword, with which the great Belooch chief, Jan Mahomed, was slain ; also the sword given to him by Lord Ellenborough, he leaves to Major Maemuido. His favourite arms were those he had of his father, which are to be divided among his brothers, and in respect to which he observes—‘‘l have used my father’s arms as he wished, and so have my brothers ; and his ghost shall rejoice in the fame of his sons,” His white cornelian ring (Hercules), given to him by his mother, in 1807, and wlrch was never once off his finger, lie leaves to his wife and daughter Emily. On this he obsesves—‘lt was with him In every battle, and was only saved at Comma, when made a prisoner, by his hand being so clotted with blood as to hide the ring,’ His father’s cornelian ring, which lie wore in battle, ho leaves to his sisters and brothers, that it may be held by one who had seen it on the hand of their father, * whose rival in grandeur of body and mind, -and virtue, neither they nor 1 have ever seen.’ -He leaves his jour mils and letter-hooka do hi# brother Vyilliam, with the hope .if any thing is published, his own words may be used and -noUVittorcd away, Tim last ,m \--junction has been complied with as respects Indian affairs ; for in the .posthumous work recently pub lished the India Company and Lord Dalhousie are abused with true Napier-like warmth and hearti ness of hatred and contempt. 