ARCHBISHOP WHATELY ON CHRIS TlANffY: The above-named eccentric Protestant Prelate has written a curious treatise ' On the Rise, Progress, and Corruption of Christianity,' which has altogether unmasked him and stript him of his borrowed plumes. The Westminster Review, for April, 1854, examines his work, and severely cudgels the writer of it as payment for his trouble. Dr. Whately was believed to be a learned divine ; a liberal-minded, benevolent Chris- tian ; and as sound a philosophical and theological scholar as the Established Church could boast of. Behold him now sketched out by his own hand in the treatise above alluded to, and say whether you are not disposed to regard him as one of tho veriest impostors in existence. He writes not like a Christian Bishop (those who from personal intercourse were well ac quainted with the tone of Dr. Whately's mind when at Oxford, state positively that he held the heretical opinions of Sabellius regarding the dogma of the Blessed Trinity, that is, he denied the 'Trinity of Persons' in the Godhead, and believed that there was merely a distinction of ' names' and not of Persons in the Divine Nature, and that God was called the Father, or the Sod, or the Holy Ghost Recording to the exercise of the several Divine Attributes! How could Dr. Whately digest the Nicene or Athanasian Creed, whilst holding this Sabellian heresy) whose aim and delight is to honour the spouse of Christ,; on the contrary he writes like what he is, a quack bishop, a wolf, an enemy, who seeks but to destroy ber, but finding she is immortal, to destroy her reputation. His book is one of the most singular productions that ever yet appeared frorn the pen of a Christian, for, notwithstanding its name and character, which it, however, endeavous to support/ it is also a dissertation on $ie creation ; it rakea up doubts and difficulties by thousands,' con cocted as if to assist in the speedy evapora tion of Protestantism. It cannot shake the faith of a single Catholic; not so the wor- shippers of private judgement who are already Lord knows distracted and divided enough, but who are doomed it would seem to be yet mere divided until not even two of them can be found to agree to extend to each other a kind look or even a kind word. The treatise was.intended to' be a scientific dissertation, but it can hardly be reckoned as such. It consists of eight parts, entitled Introduction) The Pagan Religion ; The Mosaic Dispensation ; Introduction of the Gospel; Establishment of Christ's King dom ; Corruption of Christianity ; Refor mations in Religion; Church allegiance and separation. 'On subjects so old' says the Review, ' we did not expect originality ; but considering the general vigour of Dr. Whately's mind, we did hope for more freshness of combination, and some thoughts not wholly stale. It is true we find novelties especially in the introduction; but they are such as to indicate anything but a thriving and manly intellect. Even at Oxford we think they must seem puerile, but of this our readers shall judge,' 'The earliest history of mankind by far that we possess' says Dr. Whately, ' is that contained in the Book of Genesis. It is extremely brief and scanty ; 'especially the earliest portion of it. . . .It is 'rather liinted than expressly stated that the use of language was impaited to pur first parents by revelation ? But they must have received from God directly a' great deal of instruction of which no 'particulars are related. Mere savages if left' to themselves '' without any instruction never did and never can civilize themselves:' 'The Review re plies to this by saying : "If we had read such a passage in the sermon of some 'un distinguished preacher, it would not 'have seemed to us to need or desire refutation.' The Doctor continues': " And the account given in- Genesis of the Creation, and of some other of the earliest events, is probably a tradition of the most ancient revelation, and was very likely committed to writin'g long before the time of Moses.' Hence it appears that Dr. Whately throws doubts on the inspiration of the book of Genesis or on Moses being the inspired author of it. Again, " Whether false religion was in- troduced before the flood, we are not ex pressly told ; but there is every reason to think it must have been. For we read, that mankind had become excessively wicked.' Admirable logic this ! The Doctor now in forms us that he has poshed his enquiries to the utmost about the origin of diversity in language, and for this purpose he had re* course to the Hebrew theory. 'And Jeho vah said— 'Behold the people is one, and they have all one lip (one religious worship). Go to ! let us go down and then confound their lip, that man may not understand the lip of his fellow.' The Review remarks upon this, — ' Is not this a delectable scientific dis covery, which may encourage Oxford to ap ply Aristotelian logic more rigorously to the Hebrew literature. Thus Dr. Whately in sinuates that diversity of lip means diversity of religious profession ; so that Jehovah is made out to be angry and apprehensive at perceiving all mankind to be of one reli gion. Why the Doctor should notice or dilate upon such subjects as the above, is to us in comprehensible. They are not calculated to edify Christians or to instruct them in the , rudiments of their religion ; nor are they suggestive of those thoughts that elevate the soul towards Heaven. We recollect that Voltaire busied himself in a similar way, but he did it for the express purpose of proving the Bible to be a falsehood ; and an inquiry into particulars of no real use or benefit and unrevealed in scripture is manifestly not the duty of any one who wishes to keep his head free from doubts, but may properly be within the province of the Infidel whose ob ject is to do mischief and to proclaim Holy Scripture as fiction. How much better em ployed Dr. Whately would be, had he ex ercised lm faculties on the ' rise and pro greBB' of Protestantism, whieh is a highly useful and necessary work, and rarely at tempted by Protestants ! There must be some foul sore at the bottom of Protestant ism, for its votaries dread like death the probing it thereabouts. They may be well Tersed in profane history, ancient and mo dern; likewise in ancient and modern clas sical literature ; nevertheless, they are igno rant of Church history ; they avoid all ac quaintance with it ; they would that.it were obliterated from the face of the earth, aware that it contains the record of their crime and condemnation. Farther on Dr. Whately proceeds to state 'that the Mosaic writings did not speak of other than temporal rewards and punish' menta.' He continues in his unrighteous course of harrowing up difficulties and dis seminating dcubts, occasionally philosoph ising as he goes as follows : — ' Why it was that the most high thought fit to make a re velation to his own people (the Jews), and not at once to all the world, we cannot ex plain, and we must not presume to decide ..... ....nor yet why many nations in vari ous parts of the world have been left even lo this day in the darkness of idolatrous super stitions ; or indeed why any such thing as EVIL, should exist at all ...As it is, any attempt to explain these things is fruit less and presumptuous.' ' We cannot,' observes the Review, ' af ford space to follow any farther the later sections of his treatise, which have much practical good sense ; but are nevertheless Dearly as fiat as all that we have quoted. There is something intensely dry, and un poelical, and we fear it is true, if harsh to add, unreligious iu the entire tone of the Archbishop's mind. As he finds the source of spiritual truth in the physiological and mechanical sciences, which judge of outward miracle, and not in the religious heart itself, it is not wonderful that he writes like a man whose imagination and heart have no place in his religion. There is never an approach to any thing impressive or reverential. He does not seem to be in presence of any grand and glorious sight, of any solemn re alities, any vivid anticipations. One feels in him nothing of warm hope or strong desire ; nay his aversions and disapprovals, appear logical and scholastic rather than those of a mind which hates evil and loves good. Not only ail sense of the infinite, but all depth of moral feeling seems here reduced to its minimum ; perhaps in order to convert old sermons into the form of a scientific dissertation. But we believe, in Dr. Whate ly's younger days, to be solemn and im pressive in St. Mary's pulpit at Oxford, was regarded by the hearers as decidedly in had taste. We must step back twenty-five years for the standard by which to judge the Arch bishop's personal merits, and from this point of view many defects may be overlooked. Nevertheless the present generation demands in one whom it shall honour as its primate, a sounder logic, a richer mind, a more vivid imagination, a deeper reverence, and a more genial sympathy than his.' — (Communi- cated.) 