TO THE EDITOR OF THE LAUNCESTON EXAMINER. San,-The Evangelical Dissenter says,-" We ara truly fearly to-day that we may utter this thing, viz., that the convictions of the sceptic are stronger than the convictions oftho Christian. Our Newmans, and Froudes, and Foxtons, are potent men, and the pulpit does not supply, what every pulpit ought to supply, a,Catholican for 'the leperous distilment.' Oh, it Is painful, it is dreadful to think of tho thousands of young, active intelligences, all England over, who know not how to solve the questions of Froude, or Newman, or Strauss, &c.;" In the preface he speaks with great freedom in the form of a parabolic dialogue between the pulpit and a pew, where he had been worshipping one Sabbath evening. In this he follows our Lord, who said many things in parables which he could not have said any other way. The pew says— "I don't like your going on at all, I tell you, you are doing very little good now. I saw you look at old Bigsby, and Mrs. Simpson, and Squire Blindem. You may not like to hear it, but those are the customers you've been looking after ; you've been knocking up a nice little con servative establishment, and calling it a church. I say, if our master had acted as you are doing, the world and all in it would have been damned. Now, when do you mean to rub this rust off; and set to work ? Suppose you go down with me to Felon Court, and form a Ragged Church ..... Degradation ! fudge ; I tell you, a pulpit should know no degradation but in sinning and laziness. Christ must have been degraded enough ; &c.;" In the middle of the book he gives sketches of several preachers, and as far as he can he says every thing in their favor. Its one or two cases he speaks in terms of decided approbation; and, in conclusion he says,-"The man who writes this has travelled as extensively as the most popular of living preachers, but all his mtove .ments have been among the people : hie has heard their most hidden thoughts-so far as main could hear them : te believes that the people of tlhe land are waiting for It Christianity warns front tile cross of Jesus. Ilut ilovw colleges will not aid it muclh. No msan has any right to preach who has sot Iha the imtoress of tile finger of Gaod aud the cross of Jesus burnt Into his soul. The pulpit needs not one or two, but a race of master-men ; aye, indeed, baptized with the Holy Ghost and with fire. Clear, bright-eyed ment, able to look through the heart of error-strong hearted men upon whom the weak and the sorrowing may lean for suppport--men of the self-denying frame, who shall be able to convince tile world, the trading, huxtering world, that conscience is not a chattle or a commodity, but It magnet and a life. These men must come : whence will they come Come they from college or from cobbler's stall, we will press forward and say, brothers, all hail !" Here, then, is the reason which has induced me to let the "ministers" alone. The people of England are waiting for a Christianity warm from the cross of Jesus, and God will not let them wait long. "The man for the age" will come " Like Gilead's seer of old ;" for the last prophetic promise is, that Elijah shall be sent before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord, lest He come and smite the earth with a curse. When, therefore, people throw utp to mae ow "ministers" are "the enemies of tile cross of Christ, and mind earttly things," I shall tell them that we are on the ova of it great change. And surely thlis must have a salutlary cl'ect upon ministers themselves. THOMAS ALCOCK March 16.cot. 