FACETL2E. SUFFICIENT.-Tho typos of the Lexington (Miss.) 'AdvortUer' thns tersely, but all suffici- ently, apologiso for any deficiencies there may bo in their last issue :-Our foreman is absent, the edi- tor gone on ' a " marrying expedition, and the "devil" and his imps left to get out tho paper. John Foster, the essayist, once called tho world an untamed and untamable animal.' Being re- minded that he was a part of it, he rejoined, ".Yes, sir, a hair upon, tho tail.1' . To a person who was praising somewhat" fulsomely tho piety pf. tho Emperor Alexander, lie replied gravely; with a significant glanco, ','Yes, sir, a very good man-very devout; nb doubt he said grace bo fore ho swállbwod Poland."-ScottUh, . Review. SINOUXAR CojNOipEÑOBl"-It is a curious fact that tho Honourable Secrotaryof ¡tho Admir- alty owes all J his,, success in lifo, to.thrco* Joes. His. Beat to Joo Hume-his jokes to Joe. Miller and his assurance to his inimitable grandfather, Joo-Grimaldi.-tiru*- <? ,,. ..' ;-, METAPHYSICS.^ A Scotch blacksmith being nsked thc meaning of metaphysics, explained it as' follows : '- "VVhcn tho' party who listens.dinna keri what the'party who speaks means, and when tho, party who spenks.'dinna ken what ho means himself,.that is'metaphysics. . AÑ'IÍYB ,TO .BOSINESS".-A temperance' lec- turer in Devonshire,, a short timo since, finished his^ discourse thus:-"And, finally, nijr hearers, why should any.'of.you.drink ardent spirits? My son.Tom' has got as good cider as any in thc country, a£'sixpence , a quart." . ' . ,; . 'DELIOIITFDÏ. .'IÍÉBÍDENOB. - A Washington correspondent, in. describing a beautiful yoting lady, says,-"She has"n"face a painter might dwell upon. , An ELECTRICAL WAG;-Joking is BÓ.epidemic in America, that even tho telegraph has caught tho infection. A citizen, anxious to know how the Nebraska Bill was' going on, inquired by telegraph. The answer'was, that "the railway cars had run off tho Knnesvillo bridge. He re- quested more particulars. Tho wires replied : "Tho cars ran on at ono end of tho bridge, and off at tho other!" AUSTRALIA ON ins DANUBE!-The Doncastsr Qnz*iu would appear to bo either very lax in its geography, or to have facilities for receiving news' quito peculiar to itself ; for it has a paragraph on Friday, saying-.' A enmrounica tion from Vienna, dated Wednesday evening, says that all the Australian.reser'vt* aro to bo called out and made mobile?1 NEWS FROM TUB BALTIC.-A Bnldridgcburn elector coming from town.the other day, says tho Fife Herald, and passing a band of weavers standing at a closo head tmoking, was asked what news. "Great news," replied David, " Sir Clint lie's doing tho trick at last. Him nnd Captain Plumpuddin' nttackit a toon cn'd-let me seo-dog bn't, I've forgotten what, but it soonded something like Lochlovcn. '1 hoy nt- tackit it and stormed it, and cam'cd nil' 200 robins." " Kubles," cried his unenfranchised henrers, "rubles, not robins." "Nn, Na," re-j plied tho elector, " it was robins, I assure you, J but what thc Government an' Lord John and the Iloose aro to do with robins, or linties cither, is byont my comprehension." A jury, not being able to nrrivo at n verdict, were recently locked up nt Derby for thc night. They immediately commenced ploying leap frog, to the annoyance of tho court, while they mnu nged to pass away the night in sundry diversions. Between ten and'eleven o'clock they broke out in full chorus with " Wc won't go homo till morn- ing." Tho wives of some of tho parties came to thc-hall, ono with fried soles, another with hot beef-stcaks, and so on, but of course, they wero ordered to take the refreshment homo again by the officer in attendance. At break of day the jury consoled themselves by signing " Cheer, Ivys, cheer;" and as tho hours wore on, nnd tho time of their deliverance approached, they sang, "There's a good time coming, boys; only wait a little h nger." At nine o'clock they wero dis- charged by-tho Recorder, who expressed his pleasure nt seeing them all alive. A Yankee is making his fortune in the valley of the Mississippi by selling purely vegetable pills (peas soaked in a solution of liquorice) for tho euro of all diseases. _ ' A GOOD THING.-A Yankee newspaper, crit- icising " nn ocean of words " without meaning, poured forth from tho press hy an archbishop, compares the production to a tub without a bot- tom-a dictionary on the spree." NOVEL NEWSPAPER SUPPLEMENT. - The I Mine's7 Journal, published at Pottsville, U.S., 1 says (.Tune 24, 1854):-"If any ono is not satis- fied with tho quantity of reading matter we furnish this week, ho can call and read a few , columns in type we have left over." ! A TRÜB PATRIOT.-Some men, when their ambition is thwarted by tho people arc apt to raise the cry of " public ingratitudes" hut at tho close of a recent municipal election in the North, ono of tho defeated candidates . is said to have philosophically exclaimed, " that if the burgesses would not allow him to servo them tn office, ho would serve them OUT?'" A . TRANSATLANTIC JOKE. - Some wag put flour in tho flute belonging to a member ol' the Albany museum orchestra. Tho result was, when they played, the innocent fiddler on his right suddenly changed complexion, turning vory pale. His hair, in fact, was ut once very grey. Thc German flute player says, " It vos one mean choke." ?HOTS! KEEP TOUR* GRAMMAR'rr.-A littlo follow said ono day to his schoolmaster, "Please, sir, may I go out?" "No.*'was tho laconic reply A few minutes pause followed. " May I go but?" again inquired tho boy. " No," was again'tho' response. Tho boy slowly rose from his 6oat, took np his cap, and pushed for the door. "Stop," said tho tutor, .'do you know what HO means?"-"Yes," said Charley, "a partido of negation, and two of them coining together aro equivalent to an affirmative!" His wit was his passport. THE SCHOOLMASTER WANTED.-Tho follow- ing is a copy of a notico posted in a window in. Ijawfuvd-strcet, Rugby :-This Hous To Let lu quir VVith inn or next Dor." . ' SARCASM AND SCANDAL.-Sarcasm is said to be the language of tho devil. Perhaps so. But what is scandal ? Sarcasm is thc language thc devil uses to your face ; scandul, that which ho uses behind your,back: . A womnn has sued for a divorce in Indiana (U.S.) on tho ground that her husband's, fcot wore, so cold that it distressed her. A case of clear incompatibility of temperament and sole. Cloudless skies for weeks together are weari- some enough, and tho trite exclamation of the Int« Captain Fothcrgill mny be in point. This eccen- tric officer was returning from India, where ho had served for years; coming on deck, when en- tering tho English Channel on a foggy Nov- ember m.uning, " Hal" said he to the lieutenant of "tho watch, "this is what I call something, likd - none of j-our cursed eternal blue skios hero! A fellow can seo his own brcnth now!" NOT GEOGRAPHICAL.-An old gentleman, al- ways on tho nlort fi r tho latest news from tho Baltic fleet, made tho usual enquiry of a wag. .4 Tho latest nows from tho Baltic," replied tho wag, "is that tho fleet is in stain quo." "Ah! how far is that from Cronstadt?" asked tho inno- cent old soul. SOLVING TUB QUESTION.- " Annotte, my dear, what country is oppnsi to to us on the' globol"-" Don't know, sir?" "Well, now, continued tho pcrploxed teacher, " if I were to boro a bolo through thc earth, and you were to g i in nt this end, where would you como ont?" "Ou't'of tho hole, sir!" replied the pupil, with an air of triumph at having solved tho question. MADNESS.'-Some statistics recently collected show, that among men, those that are married aro most Hablo to insanity; among women, those that are Bingle. Can there long romain n doubt ns to which of tho soxes is tho comfortoiyand which tho plague of life? TITE BARS TO'SUMMER.-We aro' hoing con- stantly importuned by vendors of variegated shavings ns to .whether wo ore in want of any " ornaments for our fire' stoves?" . Considering that thc present month of July strongly reminds us of January," wc do want some ornaments for our fire stoves-those at 27s per ton will do. Tho man who bolted the debris suffering from indigestion. .' ' " SPIRITS IN BOND.-Hamlet's father, and Ban quo's ghost. " ;. .. . BENEFIT -DERIVED vnoit, ADVBRTISIKG. E. D. W. Clifford, a young gentleman.living at Leavenworth,;Indiana, recently-advertised in tho Louisville-Democrat fora.wifo.? Ho .writes.to tho editor that ho is thoroughly convinced of. the advantage* of advertising.. Ho says ho has re; ceived," in n"hswor;to tho advertisement, 794' let tors, 13 daguerreotype, likenesses of ladies, two gold finger rings, 17 locks of hair, tinocupy of Ike . Marvell's; ^ Reveries'-'of a Bachelor;" one thimble, and' tw9:'dozou .' shirt buttons. Ile ought' to bc convinced: 'y,{\\.:''-. "v- ";'; ; .'I believe tho. Jury have boon ¡¿inoculated witli 'stupidity," said a lawyer.- "That muy'bo, said his opponent; ','bnt'the har arc of opinion that you havo it in the natural way." . ' -1 > j A NEW' READTHÖV - An aphorism -floating through tho newspapers, says that " an egg to<-dnJ -is hotter than'.a hen to-morrow." This is a tie« way of expressing tho. sentiment, "A bird ii baud is better than two in a bush," A VAIN PUBSUÏT.-Running after a telegraph message to stop it. Tho man who mincis his own btolness hos a good steady employment. Why does an aching tooth impose silence on. the sufferer?-Because it makes him hold his jaw. > Tire smallest shred bf tho Pope's shirt, if boiled in milk or soup, is said to be an effectual remedy for tho choiera and other diseases of a similar description.-Spenctr. " WHAT IS LOVE?"-Ah American Johnson is ready with tho definition':-"A prodigal desira on the part of a young mun to pay some young woman s board." . If yon over wish to carry homo a shirt- full ol sore bones, just undertake to part an Irishman and his wife- when they arc exchanging irons.. It is reported that a dandy recently appeared ita Iowa, with legs so attenuated that tho autho- rities had him arrested because he had "no visible means oT support." Some of tho bachelors in tho Ohio Legislature nro for a. tax on bustles! Wo never knew a bachelor that hadn't something to say against tho ladies behind their backs.-American paper. Gentleman : What an extraordinary enrvo my horse has in his spine, lrith Groom: By tho powers, sir, before the baste was your property^ be was backed against nu Irish horse, who bato him hollow; and I dare say it's tho reason that his back never got straight ngain. A GEOLOGIST NONPLUSSED.-Ah old bache- lor geologist was boasting that every rock was as familiar tó him ns tho alphabet. A lady who was present declared that she knew of a rock of which ho was wholly ignorant. " Name it, ma- dam," cried Ccolubs, ina rage. "It is rock the cradle, sir,'* replied tho lady. Ccolebs vanished. A certain Duke do Bris.-nc was often overheard uttering tho following soliloquy while adjnsting his razor to the proper angle:-" Timolcon': do Cosso, God hath made thee a gentleman, and tho king hnth made thee a duke; it is right and fit, however, that thou shouMst have something 'to do-therefore thou shalt shave thyself." " Domestic servants, being highly fod, andi having little to do," said Chief Justice Jervis the other day, " courting is a natural conscqucnco among them." « Tho'cditor of tho Loni tv Hie Journal, retort- ing a ehargo of personal ugliness against a con- temporary, says: "We aro credibly informed, that after tho birth of Harvey, nono but hand- some babies were born for several years ; all tho ugly material in thc universe was used up in his creation." As for tho men who speak tho greatest evil of women they may be divisible into three classes; those who do not love them - those who love them too well-and those who aro no longer be- loved by them. "Paws for a reply," as tito cat said when sha scratched tho dog for barking at her. On the gate of a literary institution in Kith Place, Dumfries, may bo seen tho following, verbatim et literatim'. " Pies sut the gate." 