DOSATIOXS TO "OUTt" MCSEU.M, DUBISO OCTOBER, 1851. j (Corrtcttd from " 77* UeralT). A roting Swcátydosáuru* Qucenll, or Laced Vms, from ! Narrow Bay ; presented by Miss Legst roo g, Oldlowu.' : ] Awoniautls; presented by Mr Anderson. A. line specimen of red coral, from Charlotte's neck-lace ; ' presented by Mrs Angas. A uniform «Inn of tue born of a cuckold ; presented by Ur ! Dwan, ryrraont. . - . ? I A sample of cotton woo*, from the Ear; this sutatance ls ; fuand clothed with a description nf wax, admirably ; adapted fur tbe manufacture of f tc'arinc caadles; pre- : Rented by TV. Carruthers, Kc]. The Creal Sen Serpent ; presented by Lient. Davit, II. M. lilli. Keg., Cockatoo Island. An Australian Green-shanks ; presented by the Commercial ; Hank. - ! A collection of sponges, from the Butcher»'Arm« Hotel; ' pmcnlcd by Mr Davey!. I A plate'of Dead Sea fruit ; presented by Arthur T. liol- ! royd, E«i. M.L.C. ' I A male lyre ; presented by thc Emperor Nicholas. I A dull fur itellUi presented by Miss manche Mitchell. - I A Caption depeudeus ; presented by Mr Thomas A. Newall. ! The skulls of James Martin and Cicero, with an es«ay, drawing comparison between the »ame; presented bj W. Ramsay, Esq., surfen». Berrima A ThomnswbHtytoby, or flying 'possum, frr.ra Maitland ¡ . presented by Mess« Hall. Aus In. and Langridge. A Ittfle Volunteer, (alive) fi* m the awkward a<(uad ; ore* sented by ibe Major Commanding. I A lar^o wunden breakfast bowl, f om Darlinghurst ; pre I seated/by Messrs. Hawksley and Williamson. The jaw ufa laud shark ; presented by Mr Cory, Cont. One, *c. " ^ A Sltncerbcerandbrundy, a remarkable species of spider ; presented by Thomas Woolley, Est)., Glebe. | A collection of specimens of Australian Marbles, and taw- ¡ toys ; presented by Henry Parkes, Esq., M.L.C. j A vial of crocodile's tears; presented by a discarded ; Reponer. ! " Oar Compliments" ; pres' ntcd by Ourselves. i THE SVPNEV INQUISITION. - Pursuant to order, PAUKEJCKNEBT, the unhappy accomplice of Martin, was placed ar inc bar. In the Secret Room, immediately underneath tho Council Chambers, nt midnight on Wed- nesday evening. Itiqulsltrvr-neneral l'lankett bavin; as- cended thc Jnd.Tmem scAl, Hie accused, snpponed on either side by* a familiar of the tritmnal, masked, and earn brandishing a tomahawk in his brawny hand, was lcd for- ward. Tho ghostly paleness of the prisoner, was rendered still more hldeoos, by thc blnifh Klare of tho s olitary lamp which illumined the «epnlchral-looklng chamber, and faintly gasping for '* wa crl"* he sank down lip"n thc Iron l*nch prepared for his arcotninnda'lnn. and to which he was In- stantaneously bound by thc attendants. On recovering from hts swoon thc Interrogation was commenced : - I. <5.-What ls your name? Tris (faintly)- Parkcsenncry. 1\. G.-What your calling ? Pris, (hesitatingly)- A Senator. 1\. G.-A what ? Pris (almost Inarticulately)-I mean-an Editor. I. G.-Yuu had liettor be careful. Sn«, refre«h your memory. Did you ever follow any other profession or calling? Pris.-Yes. I. G.-What was'It? " Pris, (here tho unhappy man essayed to throw himself upon his knees, but his fetters prevented him)-lu mercy, sparc me ! I. G.-Answer. Pris.-Mercy, mer (Here the prisoner's appeal was cruelly hr ken off bj- a poulard prod lu thc scat of his unwhliperables, from one of bis guards.) T. G.-Siioak, or oilier means must I* had .recourse to. Whit other profession or calling have you followed ? Pris.-That^-if- a-toy-merchant. I. G.-And now? Tri«, (recovering) -I am an Editor. I. G.-A printer, yon mean ? Pris.-No, my lord-an Kdltur. I. G.-Dare yon deny Hist yon have printed the sayings and doings of evil men in a certain Journal, and publicly' disseminated the same? Wi-Yes-no-I mean 1\. G.-A way with bim ! Pris.-My lord, 1 implore you. I. G.-Answer. Tris -Alas! 1 did ; may your lordship's reverence have compassion upon me. I. G.-Did you print and publish a fal« accusation ngaimt the brotherhood of this oftVe, the same bearinj tho signature or "One of Thcrcopic?" Fri«, (despairingly)-It ls truo. L G.-The writer's name ? Pris.-I know il not. I. G.-His name, I say ? Pris, (clamping his manacled hands lu agony)-By allmv hopes of mercy I know lt not. 1\. G.-Bethink yourself yet .once : again. Wc may take measures-sharp ones too-to refinh a slipperv memory. Pris.-Oh, ml«ery ! I. G.-To thc TORTCKE ROOM! Away with him I Tris.-A single ino I. G.-Away-away with him I The attendants immediately muflled tha wretched" vic- tim's heail In a soot hag, and dragged him beneath a ma«. I sive sable curtain, whose voluminous f"lds extended thc : entire breadth of the chamber. . The awful scenes enarcd behind that gloomy barrier arc I never revealed to mortal ken; but even when thc vl'tim I escapes with pfc from tho question ordinary and extraor- dinary, winch he is doomed to undergo, lt is only io bu re- served as .one of the principal actors In tho next Avro Di ra . . . . . LARGE REWARDS.-In the Victoria Gi.vernmrnt Guz'ttr nf Friday, 2"th "October, the rewnrds offered for the apprehension of criminals amounted to £2615; among them were for robbery of Bank of Victoria £1000, for mur- derers of James Scobie £500, for murderers of Tliomns Drew £500, for robberv of Joseph Bevis £300. The V'.<7»* adds tlint nearly the [ whole of the crimes fur which this large sum of rcwa-ds is offered had been perpetrated in the I month of October. LATEST DEFINITION* or A YANKEE. Ho is self-denying, pelf-relying, always trying, and into everything prying. He i**n lover of piety, pr ipriety, not rioty, and the 'temperance society. He is a dragging, gagging, bMggiug. striving, thriving, snapping, j stling, hustling, wrestling, musical, quizzical, astronomical, 1 philosophical, poetical, and comical sort of a character, whose tnanife t destiny is to spread cizilization to the remotest corner nf the earth, with an eye always on the look out for thc main chance. * ! TIT BITS. To ASCERTAIN THE WEIGHT or A HORSE. -Put yourt c under the animal's foot. If you would know how a bull would 1 >ok when* his tail is twisted, jn-t ask a mau for " that little bill he owes you", when he is talking to a young lady. - " ? " Mfl.-somebody's go'ng to die".-" Why, my dear 7"-" 'Canso the doctor's just gone'by. When'has a mah a right to scold hw wife about his coffee? When he has more than suffi- cient ground: Why is a conundinra which no one can guess like a ghost? Because somo lime or other we must all pi ve it vp. EXTRAORDINARY INSTANCE OF AB- SENCE OP i KDITORIAL MIND. ;Pnrkeseunery. although not. much dev ted to the pleasures of thc table, is from his exalted position occasion- ally constrained to stretch his pedestals under some amicable mahogany ; and, accordingly, on the evening of the bpg-prnyed for advent of his Eurasians ( Monday) he," with more than bis usual phntess" accepted the invite of a plat-form orator crony, to tnke " pot luck "* with hun.*.. It so happened, that Parkcscnncry's brains were , type-gathering ' during the repast ; so mach so, indeed, that when - tho pastry bad been placed upon tlie table, and ho na< asked by bis hiist to pnrtftkc of some delicious-looking pic,. he inad- vertently replied :-''Pie ! 'pie'! ,ñ y .thank'tho gods, I've done with pie Î. I" sold my last 'lot this morning at three half-pence a pound." The lady of the hoiisé" looked at' the" speaker for a moment, caught the wild glare of his eye, quietly beckoned^ to her two daughters, and .stealthily effected her escape from the. room,- breathing a heart-felt thanksgiving for lior deliverance. It is. al-io worthy of remark that the good lady, much to her lord's surprise, neglected to summon, the gentlemen to coffee that evening. THE BALLARAT MURDER, AND EMEUTE OF TUB DIOGKRS -Mr Bentley, late proprietor of tho ICurcka Hotel, which was burnt to thc ground by tho excited populace on his release by the Commissioners upon the charge of mur- der, was subsequently re-arrested in .Melbourne, and committed to take his trial at the Supreme Criminal Court. On -the 27th ultimo tho Soli- citor-General npplied to tho Court to have tho' trial of James Francis Bentley, and aman named Farrell, charged with the murder of James Scobie, at Ballnrnt, postponed till the 15th »November next, nt tho sittings of tho Court in Melbourne. Ile grounded bis application on the fact nf several more parties being implicated, whom tho Attorney-General wished to pince on their trial along with tho prisoners named; and.tonvoidnny unnecessary delny, it was thought advisable to trv the case in Melbourne, instead of protracting it'to the next Geelong Circuit Court. His llpnor could see no obji'ctîou to this course. .. 1 SVBKET QUARTER SESSIONS.-Thea Sessions will iMi'iiinei.ec «in Mom!ny nest at iii« Criminal Court Jloi<»e. Dml'tighur tl SPEECH OP ONE OF THE HON» MEM. BKR8ÍFOR STDNET Oit THE 1'ftlTII.KGB QfEg. . TION.-"Sir, ¡-deapire tire l'rcs- 5 I desphjucvery. thing connected with the Press; in fact. Sir* 1 ' despise everybody; I despise myself!."' 'Hie honorable gentleman here l-oimctted himself, nnd felt his ¿ray ont of the House in a purblind state of disgust. THE NEGROES AT THE DIGGINGS.-An American correspondent if the Wi.ii.mrt.tira i'int's, writes from Melbourne."-The coloured people, alor st without exception, are doin;: weil here ; they arc hicky as diggers, «inri aiunvj find employment ns cooks, and at {ron*! «>»?*.!, Close by us two black men. t .ok out 19.muí .fu), lars from their claim. -Mrs St -we** wort I,,, - h.,r j reached the colony, a good deal of »y-ir.M 1 \ j manifested for thc coloured people' ul... .'mo ! ¡ from America, The first step of a cultun-l mau, j when be arrive», is to-get mai ried to 1, wir to ! woman, and a pretty one at that. On Hnnday*, ; no black man is feen without a white l«dy ln.iic;. ; inp on bis arm. I ssked a ve?y rcspeciaMe-l'mk. i ri g woman why she married a coloured marr-'.. «nd she replied". "Because he would trent mo i better thun iMigFshraan ; all the Americans i!o." ' " f>o what Î" .' Why. treat women well.' - i " What makes yon think so ?" '. I see it : tl,ce : arc a good many -Amerieni.s about here roR ried, i and they do not strike or kick their wi cs.'' I j said in Vngland the labouring men always che ; their money to their wives ; in America they seldom do. I thought that a great compliment " 10 the women. She replied, " *iny be tlint ia ; what makes the labouring classes so poor in ; Kngland ; at any rate, I would s oner UL thc . wife of a bbick limn that the slave of a white ! one ; besides, my husband is just as much of mi American «!> you arc-he was born in the -lute of Massachusetts. I suppose you thought to* : shame me ; hut no, I do not feel a>ltamed." 