LABOUR. To the Editor of the Times. Sir—Hitherto I have refrained from saying anything respecting the letters which have been published upon the Labour Question ; but in justice to the Committee of the Working-class Movement, I cannot allow the statement I read in the Dispatch, of last Saturday, to pass by without notice. In the lirst place, you speak of a letter published by your contemporary, the Register, from one who signs himself " A Poor Petitioner lor Labour;" the Iteyister believing its accuracy, you de nouncing it. Now, Mr Editor, I feel surprised that such an opposite opinion on such an important question should be entertained between the two presses of South Australia : as for my own part, I feel satisfied that there is something wrong in it, and am inclined to think with you that the letter in question is not a true one ; but. if that Poor Petitioner can prove to the Committee of the Working Man's Association that his statement is correct, let him apply to them or to me (for I think we have one pound left) and he will find us ready to stop the hunger of his crying children. I don't wish to say much about your opinion of our short- sightedness. Suffice it to say, you acknowledge the employers of labour propped up by Government servants acted anything but a manly , part to the working classes by giving such a short notice for a reduction of two shillings per day out of their labour ; and I must ask you, or any other man, if you would not have resisted such an arbitrary act? Yes, Sir, we were obliged to do so; our feelings com pelled us to take that step. At the same time, we know that strikes are injurious to all. I don't like strikes, but when a man hits you hard, and knocks you down, you must offer your resistance, however feeble it may be. Let me call your attention, Mr Editor, to the fact that, before the meeting on the Park Lands dis persed, did I not read an extract from the Adelaide Times to the effect that the employers would meet us, and try to settle the dispute ? Did I not ask the meet ing if the committee should be at liberty to do so ? Was it not sanctioned ? Did not the committee feel themselves in a position so that the employers could communicate with them ? Yes, Sir, all this was done ; and the employers treated everything with contempt. If you spoke to them individually, the answer was, "I have done so because others did." Such was the state of things —under such difficulties were we obliged tocarry on the strike; an occurrence which I hope will never happen again in the colony; for it is no good anywhere ; it is injurious to all; it causes workmen to be on bad terms with each other, and also to dislike the employers ; and 1 do contend that unless masters and men work har moniously together, they cannot perform that amount of benefit for each other and for the public which ought to be done. Now, Mr Editor, if we have both done wrong, I trust we have seen the evil of our ways ; and I do hope that what is past will be forgotten, and that when any change has to be made in the rise or fall of wages, which must be regulated by supply and demand, it will be done peaceably and quietly. Having said so much on that point, allow me to correct a mistake about the committee allowing four shillings per day to men who required relief, for such was not the case. The plan was- a man applying made his statement, the committee making every enquiry as to what family ho had, how long he had been in the colony, &c.;, and ac cording to the wants, so the money, as far as could be, was divided. "We met twice a-week for that purpose, and, with the exception of once or twice, 110 applicant ever went away with less than JC1, when others have received as much as £2 ; and I must say no one ever applied but what had relief, and when the money was done we gave up the ghost. What the committee did was done gratuitously, and they did their best in sharing the money, ns equally as possible. You ask then where was the Register's correspondent " Poor petitioner" that he did not work for 14s per day, or otherwise, apply to the committee for relief? And I should say a very just question too, if in the building line or as labourers, men were wanted at that time. He could have gone to work I should think (if he coidd work), and if he did not like that reduction by applying to the committee (who gave due publicity) he could have had support. I am afraid, Sir, I am troubling you too much; but having myself taken an active part in the late strike, I am bound to correct any error on that point I may see creeping upon the public, and there fore, trusting that for the future both employers and employed will act with judgment and reason and, as I said before, to prevent anything of the kind occurring again in this colony, and wishing to act with prudence as a working man. 1 remain, Sir, your obedient servant, JOHN NOTTAGE. North Adelaide, October Otli, 1854. 