THE POLICE REGISTER. TROUBLED SPIRITS.--For some time past the inhabitants of Cumberland street, and its neigh- bourhood, have been thrown into fits by the visitation of a spiritual appearance, clad in a white shroud, and exhibiting its face and hands of a floury whiteness. Men, women, and children, have indiscriminately suffered alarm from the ghost of Cumberland-street. A ghost in a Hamlet would be a legitimate part of the play, doubtless, but a ghost in the city is quite out of place, as strange may be as Parkes being elected to a seat in the Council. However, cer- tain wise men of Gotham who did not put much faith in spirits, (barring, in brandy warm, and whiskey punch!) put their heads together and determined to exercise thc spirit and lay the wanderer from the grave in a quiet resting place. They watched and watched until the 7th April, when Mr Barton, of Cumberland-street, was favored with a midnight call and solemnly told to prepare for his latter end. "Don't be in such a deuce of a hurry; I've got to settle some accounts before I strike a final balance, and, first I'll settle a little account with you," exclaimed Barton. Thereupon he rushed upon the spectre, and even as Don Juan found the ghost of Lady Adelaide Fitz-Fulke to be warm flesh and blood, so did Barton find Mary Ann Green, the servant gal of Mrs Atkinson of Cumberland-street. Mr Barton being a good tempered man, and full of the milk of human kindness, first thought of accommodating Mary Ann with a bucket of water, by way of ablution, but the stream long cut off, he contented himself with giving her some excellent advice, telling her to go home and not make a fool of herself any more. It seems that her ghostess-ship did not take this warning, but visited Mr Peek's establishment, on which occasion she turned the head of a very strong man, and produced other results which were somewhat alarming. Mr Burton and the neigh- bours, therefore brought Mrs Atkinson, and her help, Biddy Gorie, before the court, to answer the charge of being concerned in the night-walking freak, and for conspiring to annoy and alarm the Barton-ian family. Mr Robert Johnson, with solemn phiz, and grave air, seated himself at the legal table for the purpose of affording Mr Bur- ton his powerful aid. Mr Thurlow smiled pleasantly at the ladies, and restored their con- fidence by a knowing wink. The former gentle- man looked grave as a church yard, and told his tale like a funeral bell. He then called several witnesses, who proved the facts of the case, which entirely arose from the funny peculiarities of Mary Ann Green. She tried to frighten Mrs Atkinson by a supernatural imitation, but Mrs A. not being quite so green as Mary Ann, told her to try her tricks with the boarders of the house. Whether Mary Ann did, or whether she didn't, or how the boarders treated her if she did, is a mystery into which we have no wish to penetrate. Mr Thurlow was about to explain how entirely innocent his clients were of the affair, but the P.M. expressed his anxiety to save the learned, gentleman trouble. He contented himself with reading the defendants a lecture, and discharged them. TAKING PHYSIC.--Most persons make exceed- ingly wry faces when called upon to take physic, and hold it to be the most disagreeable thing in the world, next to the tooth-ache, a smoky house and a three weeks washing day; such was not the opinion of Thomas Lye, alias Bullock, the ex-assistant of Mr J. Row, chemist, King-street, who swallowed it smilingly by wholesale, and by way of recreation, took silver moneys to a large extent, and perfumery sufficient to supply the gentlemen assistant drapers of Sydney for twelve months, at least. Had all these things been his own, doubtless, no objection would have been made to his mania, but, as they happened to be the property of his master, a row was the natural consequence. Mr Row saw his stock of all sorts and till money absquatulating most awfully,and began to suspect that the "nobody" who caused the emigration, was not the Tom Cat, (an animal which usually is charged with cupboard clearing and crockery smashing in domestic spheres) but Tom Bullock. Accordingly he applied for a search warrant, which was granted, and placed in the efficient hands of Sergeant M'Gee, who trotted off to the house of Mr Bunbury, where Tom Felloes Bullock had stored some bottles On [?] [?] the lids of the chests, and discovered [?] of lip-salve, pomatum pots, otto of roses, small tooth combs, large ditto, patent pills, gelatine, hair pins, medicine books, brushes, &c.;, &c.;, &c.;, six golden sovereigns, and a bag containing thirteen pounds in silver. This unusual olla podrida lot was the means of driving Tom Bul- lock to the slaughter-house, where he was cut up in quick sticks. A young gent. apprentice with the euphonious cognomen of Henery Hippolite Tongle, gave sad testimony as to the acts of naughty Tommy; according to his account, the latter was wont each night to leave Mr Row's establishment with a carpet bag full of what Tommy termed-- soiled clothes. The celebrate Professor Horace Smith could not have more quickly transmogrified dirty linen into lip-salve, otto of roses, &c.;, than did Sergeant M'Gee. Thomas Felloes Bullock, when called upon to ex- plain how sundry articles, the property of Mr Row, came into his possession, was silent just like one amazed; his hair stood erect, and his lips were wide apart, but his tongue clave to his mouth, and wagged not a bit. The bench constru- ing this into a polite intimation that he meant to reserve his defence, committed him in the mildest and most philanthropic manner, to take his trial at the Criminal Court. HAPPY COUPLES.--Isabella Beverstock, of Clarence-street, prayed for articles of peace against her very wicked husband, James Bever- stock. It appeared that he commenced a season of festivity, on Easter Monday, and kept it up through the week without break or respite. On the 24th instant, he came home in a complete state of intoxication, and immediately com- menced to maltreat the poor woman most unmer- cifully, inflicting several severe wounds upon her face and body. When questioned as to the reasons of his brutal conduct, he replied very cavalierly that the fault was all with the missus, who never would keep sober, say and do what he would. He might have just laid his finger upon her, but that was all, and no more than proper under the circumstances. This off- hand statement, backed by such Clarence-street reasoning, and bush law, did not satisfy their worships, who fined him £5. or failing to pay, two calendar months imprisonment; and further, to enter into security to keep the peace for six months, or in default, to be incarcerated till Quarter Sessions. No. 2.--William Potter, the market gardener of Five Dock, was another instance of the mad- ness produced by overindulgence in intoxicating drinks. On the 21st instant, in lieu of watering his horticultural produce, he liquored himself until completely bereft of his senses. Under some hallucination, he imagined his wife, Eliza- beth, had robbed him, and without even making the accusation, he threw her down, and attempted to stab her with a pocket knife. Fortunately for her and for him also, she managed to effect her escape without receiving the serious injury intended. Potter had manhood enough to confess himself in fault, and express contrition for his conduct. He was ordered to find sureties to keep the peace for six months. 