THE HAUNT. ‘Shall we go in to Finch’s, and have a game at billiards? Just one—it’s quite early yet. Of shall we go in to the Haunt? It’s Wednesday hight, you know, when all the boys go.’ We tap at a door in an old, old street in Soho ; an old maid with a kind comical face opens the door, and nods friendly, and says, ‘ How do, sir, uidt seen, this ever so long. How do, Mr. NoocoraV * Who’s here T’ ‘ Most everybody’s heie.’ Wo pass by a little smig bar, in which a trim elderly lady is seated by a great fire, on which boils an enormous kettle ; while two gentlemen are attaek ing a cold saddle of mutton and West India pickles hard by Mrs, Hokes, the landlady’s elbotr —with mutual bows—we recognise Hickson the sculptor, and Morgan, intrepid Irish chieftain, chief of the reporters of the morning press news paper. We pass through a passage into a back room, and are received with a roar of welcome front a crowd of men, almost invisible in the smoke. \ I a «t r ‘ght glad to see thee, boy V cries a clieerj voice (that will never troll a chorus more); ‘ We speak anon of thy misfortune, gintle youth! ami that thy warriors of Assaye have charged the; academy in-vain. Mayhap thou frightenedst the courtly school with barbarous usages of grisly war, Pendennis, thou dost wear a thirsty look !■ Re? splendent swell I untwine thy choker white, and I will either stand a glass of grog, or thou'shall pay the like for me,; my lad, arid (ell us of ibo fashionable world.’ Thus spake (he brave old Tom Sarjenty one of the press, one of lira old boys ; a good old scholar with a good old library of books, who had taken his seat anytime these forty years by the chiminy fire in this old Haunt \ where painters, sculptors, nu-n and actors, used to congregate, passing pleasant hears in rough kindly communion, and many a day seeing lire sunrise lighting the rosy street ere they parted, and Betsy put, the useless lamp out,'and closed the hospitable .gates of the Haunt.- The time is not very long since, though to-day is so changed. As we think of it, the kind familiar faces risei and we hear the pleasant voices and singing. There are they met, the honest hearty' companions. In the days when the flaunt was a haunt, stage - coaches were not yet quite'over. Casinos’ were not invented ; clubs were rather' rare luxuries ;■ there were sanded Boors, triaugn- - . lar sawdust-boxes, pipes, and tavern parlour*.- Young Smith and Brown,, from the Temple,■did' not go-from chambers to dine at this Polyanthus,, or the Megatherium, off potage a* la- Bisque,? • turbot an gratin’,- cotelettes a la Whatdyoucallem,- ' and a pint of St. Emilion ;• but ordered their beef steak and pint of port from- the 1 plump head waiter at the Cock did nob disdain- the pit of ; ih® theatre, and for a supper a Homely refection 1 at the tavern. How delightful are the suppers hr ■Charles Lamb to read of even now I—the cards— ■ tWc punch-—the candles to be snuffed—the social oysters~the modest cheer I Whoever snuffs s 1 candle now f .What man hatr a domestic supper whose dinner-hour is eight o’clock ? Those little ■ meetings, in the memory of many of us yet,-are’ gone quite away into the past.- Five-and-twenty ■years ago is a hundred years off, so much has our i social life changed in thoso five lustre*.- Jaracr Boswell himself, were he to revisit London, would scarce venture to enter a- tavern. He would liud scarce a respectable companion fo enter its doors with him. It is ail institution as extinct as a Hackney-coach. Many a grown man who peruses this historic page,- has never seen such a vehicle,- and only heard of rum-punch as a drink which' his ancestors used to tipple. Gheery old Tom' Snrjent is.surrounded at the Haunt by a clor-n of. ■kind boon companions. They toil all day at their avocations of art, cr letters, or law, and here meet for a harmless night’s recreation and converse; They talk of literature, or politics,■ or pictures, op’ ' plays, socially banter one another over their clu-ap cups;.; sing brave old songs'sometimes when they |L-nre'especially jolly y kindly ballads in praise of love and wine > famous maritime ditties in honor of old England, I fancy I hoar Jack Brent’s noble voice rolling out the sad generous ‘ relrain* lof ‘ Tht Deserter/ * Then for that reason and for a season we will be merry before we go,’ or Michael Percy’s clear tenor carolling the Irish ehorus of ‘ What’s that to anyone, whether Or no,’ or Mark Wilder shouting his bottle song of ‘Gar- TyWen nn gloria.* These songs were regarded with affection by the brave old frequenters of the Haunt. A gentleman’s properly in a song was considered sacred. It was respectfully nsked for; it was heard with the more pleasure for being old. Honest Torn Sarjent 1 how the limes have changed •since we saw thee ! T believe the present chief of the reporters of the newspaper {which responsible office Toro filled) goes to parliament in his brougham, and dines with the ministers of the crown. Around Tom are sealed grave royal academicians, rising gay associates; writers of j other journals besides the ‘ Pall Mall Gazette’; ■a barrister maybe, whose name will bo famous some -day; a hewer of marble perhaps; a surgeon •whose patients have not come yet, and one or two •men about town who like this queer assembly bet ter than haunts much more splendid. Captain Abandon has been here, and bis jokes are pre served in the tradition of the place. Owlet, the philosopher, came once and tried, as his wont is, to lecture, but his metaphysics were beaten down by a storm of banter, -Blatter, who gave himself -such airs because be wrote in the Review, -triad to air himself at the flaunt, but was choked by the smoke, and silenced by the’unanimous p*ohpo<thHig of -the assembly. Dick Walker, who rebelled secretly at Sarjent’s authority, once thought to give himself consequence by bringing a yunng lord from the Blue Posts, but he was so unmercifully ‘chaffed’ by Tom, that even the young lord laughed at him. His lordship has been heard to say he has been taken to a monsus -queoah place, queeah set of folks, in a tap some where, though he went awny delighted with Tom’s -affability, but be never came again. He could not find the place probably. You might pass the Haunt in the daytime and not know it in the feast, ‘ I believe,’ said Charley Ormond (A.Pv.A. he was then), ‘ I believe in the day there is no such place at all; and when Betsy turns the gas off at the door lamp as. we go away, the whole thing vanishes.—the door, the house, the bar, the Haunt, Bets)’, the beer-boy, Mrs. Notes and all.’ it has vanished ; it -is to be found no more, neither by night nor by day—unless the ghosts of good •fellows still banal it.—‘The Neweomes, by W. if, Thackeray, Esq. No. B.’ 