THE LOST ON E. As AIXEGOKV. How many fatal results aro involved in tito empty though fascinating pursuits of the world! How many are cngulphcd in the vortex of their evil passions and propensities! How ninny, nins! with their eyes open, run hendl >ng into the pit which swallows up all their ideal imaginings, and prostrates them helpless hefore their delusive idols! How mnny, at the threshold of worldly pleasures, are irresoluto and undetermined, until tho bait is swallowed, nnd they are dragged down a resistless prey amid thc billows that sur- round them. These and similar reflections were induced thc other day, ns I witnessed the progiessive details of thc downward path nf one who had spent his existence amid the glittering sunshine of tho world. In the mo mlight I have met with him roving about in quest of pleasure-his senses I alono induced thc anxiety he manifested, nnd, in ¡ pandering to them, ult his powers were devoted. ; I saw that the false glitter niul,pomp of the pass ; ing hour would, ere long, lend him to destruc i tion. I could do nothing ell'eetivc to save him ' amid tho phantasies of his thoughtless and way : ward career. Under circumstances of a painful nnd har- rowing nature I recoil ly met with him. His violent and perturbed motions renewed my anxieties for his welfare. 1 followed him, though . barely ublo to keep hp with him - his elongated legs and meagre body enabling him tJ "'cut his stick " with incredible celority. I occasionally lost sight of him, so rapid were his motions. My sympathies were much excited nnd anxious ; to befriend him, I kept nu his track und nguiu I saw him, with redoubled swiftness, and with ; aim st demoniac impetuosity urging himself f ¡r ! ward, lie suddenly stopped and seemed to sur I vey tho objects mound him with lack lustre eyes. hut again renewed his resistless rapidity. After I many devi, ms movements he, once more, as- sumed a quiescent posture, which enabled mc, after a breathless hunt, to approach him within n short distance. Some object had attracted hid attend 'ii, mid, on looking around mc, 1 ob- served something analagousto n "taper," though of unusual shape and dimensions, emitting lurid and intermittent rays of light ns it were from the depths of n " bog," which I found to bo c inposed of u soft and slimy substance. Ho all at once commenced n circular and rapid move- ment, which seemed 11 bo induced by a heed- less contempt of danger. Ono would think ho ' was tired of his life, and that suicide Was upper- most in his thoughts. I attempted to save him, 'but my hapless endeavours tn do K> resulted in a deeper immersion of his body in this "Slough of Despond." His limbs, in tho effort of extri- cation, came in too close a proximity to this anomalous "Jack o' Lantern, or fiery vapour," , which very rapidly subjected them to thu fright- ful process of ndustion. After a few convulsive strugglos he gradually settled down and gave up the ghost. During tho last half hour I had been listlessly : surveying the eccentric evolutions around my \ uusnuflcd candle of a species of tho cutomologi- : cal creation vuluarlv called " Harry Longletrs." I JNÜKX, Penrith, 29th May, 1834._ 