CALIFORNIA. We have intelligence from San Francisco to the 25th May. A correspondent of the Alta California, writing from Melbourne under date 30th January, last the following paragraph: " I send you herewith a file of the Argus and Herald newspapers, as also a price current. To shew you the liberality of the press here, when I applied for filed in your name, I was told I could have them by paying for them, which I did. What a difference to the press of your city, who are always willing to prevent paid s with fires on their leaving our shores for this country !" * Tun LeaiiLATUaB.-Tho Legislature has adopted acts to incorporate a State Agricultural society, and to appropriate 500 dollars a year for four years for premiums to prevent religious corporations from possessing property, of which the yearly rent illicit exceed 10,000 dollars is to request Congress to lay a capitation tax on Chinese immigrants and otherwise discourage Chinese immigration; to grant 5000 dollars to dip. Harry Love, whose rangers killed Joaquin last summer to appropriate 01,000 dollars to indemnify Duncan, Sherman, and Co. for having paid at New York the interest on the State Bonds of California and to create a new District Court in this city, so that we have new three. Courts with concurrent original jurisdiction in all cases over 200 doliars.besiieti the jurisdiction of justices, which extends to £00 dollars. EDUCATION The Governor states in a message to the Legislature, that the public lands appropriated to educational purposes in California amount to more than seven and a half millions of acres. jAr.tü.-Silas B Burrows, a wealthy citizen and formerly a prominent merchant of New York, sailed on the 14th May in the clipper Lady Pierce for Japan, on a peaceable and private mission to the Emperor, The Lady Pierce, formerly the Race Hound, is a fine clipper of 600 tons, and the inside works are very elegant. Mr. Burrows look with him a number of fine goods for presents, and de clared his intention to present his vessel to the Emperor, if he was well received and permitted to remain. The vessel took a goods attempt stores and presents, and no passengers except Mr. Burrows and his son. COL WALKER -On the evening of the 15th May the Southerner arrived from San Diego with Walker and thirty of his followers, including secretaries of departments and offices of the army and navy of Sonora and Lower California, who had surrendered near San Diego to the U. S. authorities, an condition that they should stand their to all for violating the neutrality laws. Ten of the filllbtiitera were killed during their heroic campaign, night were wounded and eight died. The grand jury of San Francisco, on the 26th, found a true bill against Colonel Walker, on a charge of violating the laws of the United States, in connection with his expedition to Sono'ft. The Alta California has the following re- and is on the subject : .' The bubble has burst. The Republic of Sonora,' with its President, Secretaries of State, War and MarIne, its pro- clamations, its hopes and its promises, has, so far at least as Col. William Walker and his party are concerned, become one of the things that were,' that in if it ever had any existence, save in the. imagination of the bombastic Mill, busters. After months of hardship, and, privation, and suffering, the remnant of the R t public's army has returned to the place of its. enlistment, with Its bannon trailing in the street, with no wreath of laurel twined around its brown, received with no welcoming songs such as proclaim the return of the defenders of their country's rights or honor, but in the humiliating position of prisoners, hill to answer the violated laws of their country We can scarcely exult at the termination of this is worse than foolish enterprise. Thoiols too much of the melancholy about it to induce anything but a feeling of sorrow for the sufferers, and pity for those who caused their misery and have suffered also. The deserted homes of the peaceable and the means ranchos of Lower California, their lands despaired of their clients, and their fields of their pro (Luce, speak in louder tones of ion damnation than we could tiller to those who have caused such a state of' things. Or, if this be not Bullioh at, the lonipiiibrinao of the seventeen who have been killed and have iii to in the prosecution of this ill rUtieil enterprise must at least sometimes send a bitter pain; through the head is of the Burvlvnis. Wu to ? not, feel like exulting over the misfortunes of Walker and his party. Then suit was pr-dMid Some months since, and they have suffered so yearly. They will now be called upon tunnel i to the laws which they have outraged, and probably be obliged to matters reports of II til III, It must have been made CIIIII|I|UL HERMIT prehension of the wallabies tim prop letirsol'ih IrymlhattliisroliiHilwasglyun. Issued piping or nlwaysolitioifullyfirnUliul In any no reason tvtivool'a public man ii. A refusal wind h nspocUlly uiii'OUltuous and ungrateful In reference to the San Francisco puffs, Ko vis solsroioh these shores whose uaptaiiiH, oiliness, and passengers are most careful to provide themselves with, files of newspapers, and to convoy thee entrusted to them to their visit nation without delay, than them from the States, and from Oallibrnla o»i>oHnMy,-JJu.»-J. so far as they are able. But the evil they had done, the reason- they have caused to a defenceless people upon whose soil jh< tiaro trespassed, can never be fully Wells They cannot call back to life and youth, M hope and vigor, their companions who had fallen in inglorious warfare, and when bon are bleaching on the prairie, or fire burn beneath the sands of a foreign country. would not wish to say one word which thou prejudice their case, but we hope that the whole tale of folly, crime, and misery will have anonhrged and effectual tendency to stay a reckless spirit of filibustering in the future" Apievious publication contains the following strictures on the terms of Walker's surrender We scarcely know in what terms I spent of the agreement entered into on the 8th nst., near the southern line of our Stat between persons 'representing respectively the Government of the United States and the (so called) Republic of Sonora,' by which great mont Wm. Walker, president of the R public of Sonora, and party' agreed to stirred der and be at work, on condition thntofitee of the United States should furnish them with provisions and quarter and transportation to San Francisco, until they should report themselves as prisoners on the parole of honor' to General Wool. The side of such a stipulation in the name of our Gi common with a man in Walker's situation with a recognition of a title which he has use as a cloak for his crimes, is outrageous. It an insult to all civilised nations, and an insult to our credit as a nation professing to have, some regard for international law and for 61 duties to other nations, whom we pretend I equal in refinement. When foreign write! assail us for the alleged vulgarity t tyranny of the theocracy, or their efficiency, corruption, or demagogues pptr of our Government, we can listen with complacency, for we know that they who cr excise are themselves, far more than we, hope to criticism. But if, while we are constantly complaining of the violations of the rights ( Americans abroad, and the disregard of the law of nations, and while we are glowing with virtuous indignation, and boasting of the by reason of Ingraham and Mary and Webster i defending our rights ; if at the same time officers of our Government act in flagrant violation of the international laws, recognise by all civilised communities, what are wet days Imaginothopiotureinvotted Supposothi a band of Apaches dwelling in Sonora were to make a practice of making incursions into Italy and Southern California, to kill an carry off the defenceless people, steal the store and destroy the farms, and were to assume, a virtue of such acts, the title of the Independent Government of Utah," and finally after the questionable success which often attends crime, be compelled to deliver their selves up to the Mexican authorities suppose, however, that these authorities instead of using their power to arrest the Apaches as criminals, should make formal treaty with them, M the " Independent! Government of Utah," on terms similar to those granted to the " Republic of Sonora, would not every American exclaim that the act was a conclusive proof that the Mexican were not civilised people that they had el fered an unexampled insult to our Government and to the laws of nations and that after such an act our Government would be compelled to give a wholesome lesson by war? Perhaps will be said that the filibuster are much better than the Apaches. Probably the; are much better in the eyes of Unite State officers who make treaties. Probably; they are not better in the eyes of the poor ranchers who have lost their property and kindred, and are now living on charity at San Diego. The weak have no rights ; all time they receive is a matter of favor. Tin street have many rights, and all that they receive a a mere matter of justice and not only of justice, but of providential arrangement Such appears to be the reasoning of a good many of our enlightened people; but we venture to dissent, and to express a belle Out policy requires the same kindness toward tile weak that is used to the strong. Erstes on THE WAR.-" The war will reduce the number of laborers and the price of labor, and cut off the channels of communication, and thus cut down the demand and the supply of sticks of commerce. The conflict promises to be a very long one, and to his many-sided, and perhaps it will be difficult for the United States to remain neutral." life ring to the probabilities of privateering expeditions springing into existence, the article proceeds-" It is true that there are few her he ports whence Russia will be able to openly despatch privsUers; but the booty Isaac rich that there is great danger that American clipper-built vessels will be bought up and clandestinely fitted out to sweep the shores of Australia and the coast, of Europe. The evils of this privateering we would have to share." The advantages anticipated as likely to result are, more diverting of capital and population to the States, as a place of seem to, an i til increased carrying tra le which will be thrown into the hands of American shipowners. The union of England and France should give joy to us at much as to any other people. The Courts of St. James and the Tuileries are governed by enlightened as steamer, and these statesmen are governed by the commercial! and industrial interests of their respective countries. We can hope with reason that the war now importance will produce very total social events, or at least that the evils will be accompanied by great and lasting benefits. Hut no matter what the results or (the motives for entering into the Haslem war may be, there is nothing to he gained now by hostility to the Anglo-French alliance. Our own interests, after the commencement of the war, are almost identical with those of England and France. Their success can bring no evil. The succrn of Russia would be an evil, because it would make her the master of the Continent, and would go far to destroy the influence which the United States have been gradually building up by one means or another, among the courts and the people of Europe." Alta California. Eitusoii CONSULAR trial was in progress in the United States District Court at San FranCisco, in which Moniteur Pallico Dillon, the French Consul, was the defendant. Thochsigo was, that MonMaur Dillon had, in contravention of the neutrality laws of RUS, aided and abetted an adventurer, named Houlson, in getting up a llllibuitoilng expedition to the Gaythorne, under the pretence of enlisting troops for the Mexican Government. Dillon, as Consul of France, had cut read a protest against the press dingy. Dui'i.i.iNo. - Dualling had become quite fashionable throughout the State. Several Inutile meetings are mentioned, in one of the detector which N. Hubert, ex-member of the Assembly from San Francisco, killed charge S. Hunt, an attorney. The "difficulty" originated in a fracas at one of the theatres The part -I fought a', ten pass, and one of the case it was the late Speaker of the Assembly. The principal papers have entered into a crusade for the purpose of putting down the practice. The Daily Alta denounces the Maine Liquor Bill-, which it characterises as tyrannical and nails Italy, and maintains that " it is best to only one sort of half its of nicety by the opinion or society itself " Tun Si A'i K or SAN FRANCISCO - The Daily .!/(<! of the > 25th gives a deplorable pt tons of tin values The city of San Francisco, in which a line mail outrage appointee mere presiding at the pr. mint day turn over in five times the TigilanceComtiilttne. Thee we ritorsays, " We do untililievotliotii hisbnonat'itviduringthn past five years, when night railways, burglaries and WE were so) frequent as they are now Scarcely a day passes that we are not called upon to believing in some two or three . passions of the thieves, as far, timber cover of the din is near, prowl about (the streets in want of' plunder'. Wuhtvo nation to believe that there is in audacity and 11 otganiKil bandorthieves Jinl burglars, wine proceed as «yrttitiiiVI ally I with putting in their profession, as" the morn rv of any more horrible one would do, but who hesitate not to and any means, that may be not'uMMy to the aftiltiniont of their 'doings. ' A few days since we were called upon to record, one of the most flourmill murders that was avi'i'cnmmlttud, and the details of which are sufficient to multi! tim Moor and cold with horror. A woman, decoyed from her house in Dupont street, near Jackson, was forcibly taken ntoUntmi'itroot, above Stockton, and. there' ítr(inglídtodoatli¡ after which, the florid who committed the act returned to her house, willett he robbed of everything of value. All UM took place about eleven o'clock in the evening while the streets were not yet deseT*M,'«no the cities of the woman were heard by some of the neighbors" ' . The same journal deprecates The fault-finding tone in which its correspondent at Bendigo speaks of Victoria, adding the candid adding lion-" There, no doubt, are many sins, faults, and wants among the people of Australia, but we are scarcely the saints to admonish turn. The public journals, and' the public men Of California and Australia, should, studiously discourage all attempts to excite a national feeling of dislike between the two Kindra countries which have to divide the empire, of the Pacific." MinDEtt.-John H. Dunn, formerly of New York, editor of the Pacific Police (Jauite, of which only one number has appeared, wyn. stabbed by a printer named Foley, when he was taking him to the Station TConsp. Itappetvre that Dunn was in debt to Foley, and the latter, when drunk, went to Dunn's house for the many, and not finding Dunn there, spoke offensively to Mrs. Dunn, for which offences Dunn seized him. Folly, or as he styled himself at first, James McFarland, killed Down with a thrust of the blade of a sword cane. A observation of 1100 dollars was raised for Mrs. Dunn the next day. CniNi-E IMMIGRATION, Within the past fortnight 11 CO Chinese immigrants have arrived in San Francisco, making 3160 for the put month. A large number are reported to be on the way, as several vessels had at the last advice sailed, loaded with this class of people. A new impetus had been given in China to emigration both to Australia and California, which was only limited by the small amount of available tonnage in Chinese waters. Taurrr.M,-Black trainees have been found in Santa Cruz. county, and it is supposed that they are abundant. They were discovered by a Frenchman from a traffic growing d ia trio t of France, who observed ionic grizzly bear busily engaged in digging for something where there was no indication above ground of esculent roots, and the idea occurred to him of gullies, and, sure enough, after the bears went away he found none. They are not of fine quality, but this is supposed to be owing to the season. 'Die yearly import of Iruflies to California amounts to about 75,000 dollars. OAUBLIK«.-On the 30th April, a row occurred in a gambling-house in Los Angeles, in which Frank Davis, a gambier, was shot and killed by two men Darned Smith and Lester. Dana fired the ice at his assailants and missed them, but killed one and seriously wounded two other Mexicans who happened to be iaUwj room. A rumor of the discovery of rich diggings in the Coast Range, south of Mount Diablo, and fat ty or fifty miles east of this city, has caused a good deal of excitement in Santa Claus and Alameda counties, and a number of adventurers have left this i ty to examine) the new miner. On the 2nd put, a lump of gold weighing thirty pounds three ounces and three- quarters was found at Yallcoito, in Calaveras county, and a number of other smaller lumps were found near the same time and place. The Vtitrit iVetri of the 16th March 11 clothed in mourning for the death of Elder W. Richards, who died on the 11th, At the funeral, Fitter G. A. Smith made a prayer, train which we extract the, following: "Bless the widows of thy' servant WIFe Hain, who are called to part with a dear and beloved companion. inspire them with the power of the Holy Ghost, and wisdom to bear with part nee and resignation the trials they were called to contend for, and to live) In SECH a manner as to prepare them to enjoy his society in the position of thrones, principal ties, and powers of the celestial worldliness! Angela Star. Oitiioo.s.-Wo have had dates from Portland up to the 15th May. The Applegate and Hogue River Indians were about going to war ' with each other at the last accounts ; and General Palmer, Indian Superintendent, has g tie to the southern portion of the territory to) effect a peace, if possible, and induce the last dians to take to agriculture. A weekly paper, the Umpqua Weekly Gazette, has been stairs at Scoiuburg. The coal of Coosa Bay and Bellingham Bay, in Washington territory, is found to be of a very good quality, and preparations are being made at both places for extensive mining Alta. WasiiiKa-ioM T'Eitunour.-It is likely that the Maine Liquor Law will be adopted by the legislature. The Snohoiuish Indian H hung two of their tribe at Seattle on the 27th of April, for murdering a white man last summer. Uly mines, at the head of Puget Sound, is said to be improving rapidly, and to have bright proa poets for the future. ? 