MS. GOUGII, TUE CELEIBRATED TE.rPERA?KCE ADYOCATE.---The Non conformist "says of this gentleman, that he has that oratorical instinct that `intuitive knowledge of what :,will " tell"-without which a man may be' a find rhetorician, and even.truly eloquent, but not nagreat orator,- a popular per suader. " He has, too, evidently a: good share of humour-that quick perception of the ludicrous, which may stand a speaker instead of wit-enable him to wake the echoos of laughter, if he can not create a genuine guffaw. Above all he has that strong, subtle sympathy which identifies the speaker with his subject,<and the audience vwith both. Add to these native gifts such an expe rience as Mr Gough has had, and you no longer wolider that he can crowd Exeter :Hall at, sixpence 'a piece on foggy nightsland. carry that vast mass; of mind through every stage of emotion, and inearly'tftlithe ýreiired pointt of re solve v is th? PPaghiini of orators. HIIe plaiys only on one ' string, but that one capable of infinite responses. The. life of , drunkarid ! Oh, heaven3 and earth-oh, 'ingels, men, and ilavils wvht iti themen! iruni:g from the cherub infant, through wasted youth, blasted manhood, days of alternate revelry and cursing, a home of- unrelieved misery, a death of, shame antlanguish! It is this that Mlr Gough recites night after night; -lHe paces up and down some twelve or twenty feet" of 'platform, judiciously left clear.for hinm-paces up and down like an. inspired madman;, with his hands clenched as in agony, or pawing the air to keep off thd ghosts of memory pouring out words with such sponta neity that they; sometimes seem to tumble :one; over -another,- and- smo ther' meaningc in; their 'fall-scarcely stoppliing at a cheer, never inviting ,one. '. He tells' ydu;. y ith gestures even more signifidant that his passionate and sometimes beautiful words,-how lhe went ountfrom the home- of a poor but pious, 'loviug.mother'- wandered from the straight road--was whipped by demons over an arid desert-fed upon the hot sand in his burning thirst-felt a word of mercy like cooling water on his tongue-saw a rainbow of hope ever 'the abyss of seven years of -in-and was restored to strength and purity, if not to happiness. When he has told this, lie can turn to other.men-can paint society with a vivid pencil, and. conduct an argument with a vigour the' more effec tive because: tolerant . :Sometims' lie will introduce an illustration-like that :"of;the boat on, therapidsL which :will liold an audience in 'a suspense almost of, agony, and force them to seek relief :inr inappropiiate tumult; In all, there .will be something to shodk the dlecorous, dilettanti dealers'with men:and manners. But, refinement must: drop 'its dainty attire, and .criticism' its coat of 'proof, b'efore a inn like this. If one have but a hedrt= in' his; bosom, Mr Gough will find it in.ten minutes, and make it beat high:' and fast, letl judgment and taste frown as they will. His humour is con tagious as the laughter of childhood his pathos resistless as: the tears'of woman. ''His modesty is as ireal as his earnestness; his manner as free from pretension, as his spirit from' either: a morbid self-consciousness or, a- Pharisai cal pride. We advise,- therefore, every one to hear him; assured, that if dis app'ointed of a highly intellectual enter tainment, they will- behold a remarkable' man, and receive a 'mbral benefit." 