THijI^A&TORAL; LETTER OF- JOHN: Ely #i& Grace of God and the favour of the Holy A$fctdlic''See; Archbishop of- Sydney, metro politan of Australia,, to. the faithful of the arch- ' ?' diocesje-^-Clergy and Laity— in promulgation of .??''?the' dispensations granted for the Lent of the * . : ? ?«. Dearly Beloved Brethren in J -sus Christ :' ;' * And the word of the Lord came to Jonas, a ^second .tin^e,- saying : Arise and go toNiniveh the ' great pity,, ,and preach in it, the preaching that I ' Ibid thee. And Jonas arose and went to Niniveh. ? And'J^ohas1 began to enter the City one day's ' journey ; and he cried and said, Yet forty days ? ' mid 'Niniveh sball be destroyed. And the men of . .'.Niniveh believed in God, and they proclaimed a iifastrand put on sackcloth, from the greatest to the . least. .-.-'And God' saw .their works — tkat they were turned jrom .their evil ways. A nd God had mercy ' -with regard to the evil which he had said he 1 woiild do to them, and he did it not.'— From the ^prophecy .of .Jonas, c. u, v. 1.2. et seq : . ?? ' *I ?'? Tliispassage'.contains one of the many instances ? recoraeu m nviy iyrrn, vi ure oamwuji ^^.^^ -produced by works of penance, when accompanied .by; sincere contritioiirfor the past, and a purpose of ' ';fytureTamen,dinent. TJie City of Niniveh, in her ? pfKsperity, had forgotten her God.— Her wealth she ~liad used' to gratify 4ier pride and ; her luxury.--^ The measure of her' iniquities was well nigh filled ..up, when1; if-, pleased -the Lord rt6 send to her, the .^ropliet Jona§., lie .declared -to heiv on thei.part ofltcONd.i', that her days \v;ere; jmmbered, ,imd. her vaestruction at uana. ? unuer.iue , wu.riuiig .»ui^ 'of th-Trophct jthVCity of Niniv'eh'humble.d her -selfi ^^Vsaiemn-fostv'to be. observed by all, from . fthe; greatest to the'least.'wKs'prpchumed.— ' They -turned from the evil of their ways : and God had . mercy-on .them yvvith regard to the evil which he .said he^NYOuldj.dp: unto th'em. ; ;. These . same means, so(productivc;,of good in the 'case, of the Inhabitants of Niniveh, our .Holy brother the Church prescribes, to her children, at -this -penitential ' season.— Like them,' we' have -allowed the love of'wealth .& take the place in -^mi yucin toy ? \v iiiL.ii. iiiciu vc; ujl uuvi ''5UV iu w^v,**^^ 9 like them, ,w;e have permitted pride and luxury to Jiold domuiion .over. ius. . ? Forgetful of God and of j£tejiutywof our Christian vocation - of all its: pri- vileges,' promises, '. and .responsibilities,- ^ye have bepoTnVso absorbed in all' that regards this world, its 'interests, and in self-gratifi'ciiUpn, as to be ^entirely careless of th:e future.' And at this sea son the Church directs her ministers 'to' admonish her children- — ' Not to receive the Grace of God in rain— for now te the time to arise from sleep.' 'Never, considering how generally in th,e;iuidst prevails,- vras the' discharge ; -of this dutyy m\ the part of, the ministers of the^Ghnreh.vmbre urgently ?called for.— -We have laid up for! ourselves mauy ?good things, wo are intent upon, enlarging onr stores, and building up our bams, and the man date is about to 'go' forth, in virtue of which our smils-'-wiR be demanded from us ! Wherefore, «whiist we most 'earnestly- exhort all of you '-to fulfil the duties oftheholy season on which. we enter — to humble yourselves in 'fast- ing, and.ia weeping, and in mourning,' we shall ^address ourselves more particularly 'to those who have under various pretexts delayed .their con version from* the evil of their ways — who indulge in habits of drunkenness, of impurity, of neglect of the Sacraments, and of the means of living as Gh.risiiari$ ought to' lira, with the intention of discontinuing soch courses at a later day. At one' time .difikttkles, deemed insuperable intervene -—at .auoj-htr, inclination t*» amend is, not sufd cieiuJy strong — at another, ii is hov«e'i that gra.c*5 more, powerful will be granted, so that by a sweet compuiS.ioii, on the part, of heaven, nature may ba fcrcfd to yield 'to their influence.. : Dsarly Bribed — Religion and exjerienee alike assure us, tiiai there 5s danger in de3t?y — great .-ioa«rcr ia ideltrr — Time miv fail- — Your ows^ will. -feetilo iis it i*. may jaiL: . ?. -. . . 1 : L — We have saI3, Tinie may fail. life is j ?enc cwiu:iuc-il prcigress, it is given to prepare for .j ?C'tsnmy : the pirssent nivment alone 'is at our dis- j pbs.-£.- The enemy c-fi-! -Tin seeks ii delude us \i\ i destraefctra, by ?eoiicealing frvim us !our re.nl -state — 'j by hidudrce: us to -tnist-to tlie firi.isre. le^ardfess i of the fruity of life. ? ...-:?? .. . . J Ye't 'how can we Ise tiec-eived I We have j within ? -cairs^-vx, ??ofrssrres the ? Ap^stl?. 'an j answer of xe .th. that- we sanv not trust in mir- i -ilvcs^ ? '2 Cor. 1-tV Th^is is expressed thsi ! frailty H-f&e; Iranian frame to be ?obst-Trcn even'm '| tbe strongest. Tt ere is an airceasing tendcrrcy ! !.?.?- clc-«iy and Ci-uiseQKentay to dcati. Araund us and beneath «.is.. within, with-oii-u are eiiniities w ntt-ii'-s life t*3J-c%^y 'strewn — so that- suddenly,- *o- ? ?ibv. the hea]tlik-.st— to-:noir;-w the strongest-; — in ?..hi? street nr lo^Irr. the. youngest^ — ::i ar.cthe.% | the oldest is reported as the most recent victim of KK-rtaJiiy — .whilst in libecirdinarr- co-urse w' p.arare. ! f-ickcisss and nw^cay -do iheir work. And iheiigh . t'iis tvrc«ccss is /carried on day after day, and; within o-uj- ?-p'rr/viersona] cagniziinc?., we. sre r.ot . instruct^; We 2:ve ss if we 'had' been placted : ,.;?» tfe t'aTtih. with ''foots hxsrrapEfe, dci- nned u-.o'=f;:-Hris1.i ?^vcs'iaKasisJy. — ? isJjam*. Seiorcd. iissidsi. .-ali. the ccindng-.sT.cie-s to which iiK1 is sub-ject., .to calcalate on the fiatare ;-.s_a space .-M'(tinas nndsr onr own ccntriil is -*- ex hibit a £Tr-ie*~i.v'S iuJpmic'.i-ioc — And -w risk -a 21*1 tif ef so rc-achlintiort.^ce'as out La- rciiaes:- ifor ?all eternity, upon our certaint)' of possessing i ;t, is ' rashness inexplicable— Self-loye too readilyli? ,tens to the voice of that Arch- deceiver ' who v 'as ? . liar from the beginning' and, who whisr ers- - ' Delay' — 'delay' — ' to-morrow' — Thus nv 1 ,mbe; ;s aro fascinated unto destruction.— rAh!^ Dear' ly Jieiovea, trust, n you iuuik uu, w a uiui« u rei a ; cro to sea in a vessel that has sprung a'V'.-,ak— ' but trust not to the Morrow as a day of ff \ pent? nee. This is the advice, of God's-, sacrc-d w ord ; ' Delay not from day to day— for.his.; .- jnger; shall come on the sudden' — Ecc , c. 5-8. ^ Whe? .1 they shall say peace and security ; then '? shall 'sudden destruction come upon them ; r as. , the; tempest gathereth en the sudden, so evetfa* .. a tbiief in. the night shall it -.cpme.'— lv.Thess.;' , 5-3.7 -On a 'sudden they shall die andin-a nv jmenjt i^hall des cend into Hell'— These are the^, admoni'tipns and declarations of. eternal truth. ,. 7 yVheretiSre' : ; 2.— ]f on ;this 'present da^ y_at::tbiis 'tirht ' ye hear the voice of God;- harden _ not yom- hearts.' — Fs., 94uiv. 8. Graces are . now 'offered y.ou— if you reject, them, surely the -hope, you, entertain, tliat more aounuaut :uuu. _more; .ppweriiu graces will be the reward of. y- jur 'rejection,' cannot be deemed hope, it is presuD iption— an illusion of the Evil One— an unwise nV .ockery of thedivinegoo'd ness/ ?-'??,??? '? -': ' ' ? / y:% '?' ' ?-?-?'- ?-??- -v ; In delaying your co~ iTpsponderice^.with the grace of, God; now .offered ^0Uf. jn ,the expectation of assistance even still ' niore ample, you become., the victim of fool hard j presumption. ?, That (Hope wliieli' confoundetl A -hoty 'is built 'upon the diyiue promises which ca i\riot fail--Butv the divine' pro mises regard the . -present, not ' the futures-God has not; promise id to f favor negligence -and :'to reward rashness .— y-On the contrary he hatli by 'his Prophets, forevr arj',ied us that they, -vho- in .neglect of present mer ms; of salvation', rely ,on the.future— 'shall call u; ;onrHim and He' willhoVhear.' ' In truth, faithfr A correspondence with grace is followed by a more r imj-ile supply of grace — This ^Christian Hope teac'hes. He who resisteth or neglecteth tne grace vau.cn is now given mm,- is tuat useless servant i uentioned by our Lord in the Parable, from wb :om was taken the talent he had omitted toemplo y. .Ah ! Dearly Beloved, let us not abuse the pa tii -.nee and goodness of.'God! ; '' , To-d? x are we impressively warned— '-' If ye shall hear the voice of the Lord, do hot harden your he:;irts as in the provoaition, during the time of tenvjiptation in the wilderness :. where your fathers tempted me, to whom I swore in my wrath that the,y should not enter into my rest.' ? Surely it' is a 1 nockery to trust to an ample share in. the Divine mercies in the future, ''whilst carelessly you lavish or misuse your present opportunities of sa.lmt.io h. -Vow. vnr.r afTPnfinn is nhsorhwi hv the business of the. world, i-y its amusements — pursuit s — plea sures. At a later period you will give that attention to God, and to the care of your immortal soul ! Is this the treatment He deserves at your hands ? By such means areyou to prti pitste the Div.ine Justice?- You hope for- the future ! Unhap py Christians ! Did those foolish Virgins, who slept when they ought to have been vigilant, obtain o.U for their lamps, in that future to' which they trusted ? Did those guests who, were invited to th e feast of the evening but who excused themselves, receive another 'invitation vf6r the day following t When that yomisrman who had expressed a determination to leave ail things to follow Jesus Christ, asked for permission to return and bury hii- father, he received-from our Divine Lord an apparently stern answer, which distinctly intimated that, when G\»d calls, no excuse is to be offered, no cause for del y to be alleged. In truth the gracious invitation of God is not- to hi contemned, every . affaiir however important. must give way ta the one thing necessary,, lest, I alas ? we come vrhen it is too late, when the doors Ate liUMfu ? ri.au we ur-u wnatuc icjjiuuaKc uivsc terrible words — ' I know yon not.' Do not sub ject yourselves to fee thus rejected, to the bitter reproaches of your own conscience, the more poig nant because you must acknowledge their justness. and trut.hi-ui.ness. 3\. — Rather say with the Prophet. iS Xow I have be^un ; this cian-ge is brought about bv the right hand of the Most High.' This is .the reso lution to be taken and acted upon iy each one who in earnest desires to save his sou]. He who neglects to do this now, but promises iii the j'uture to do it. deceives himself. His will is in— sin cere sn t i i seitec u j a] . For surely he must be deemed insincere, who having the means, and being even urged by i grievous necessity, in the raere wantonness of his | will or because he is reluctant to make an effort, defers uiirii another time, the duty he ought forth with t!0 discb-arge. If a house be on nre.. is there purposed delay ill nsiag th-e means w exuiiiiuish ! t-i'iC-. fiaines i ii calied upan t.o rescue a dear :! friend from shipwreck, or from any otiier iinani- J nent danger, should J not. . be hdd a cruel ] ! nr&cker; were I 10 say ' t^-mori'Ow.' 4 r-c-m jttow' 1 I I will c&vne; 'ia- thy -aid and deliver tsee '? Yet so j I disyiose-d 0 Christian ! art ti.-v-u wwards tby own -j j sod, land uc friead so dear to tiieeas thy *oulj if 'i I t.hon defer until aaiotdicr time that duty wijch ? '- is tie duty of :.he pi'ssant — And what, is w pre- ;| celnsictrs. in pennitSr.-: thyself to be aliurid in:.o ? £-O;''d purposes whicb regard the future, instead -of 1 dca®-g st tm-ce that- which tti.au art eonvincied ousrfct \ i:- h* -dmie, Alas ! yt+ur will to rafe-nn your lafs ij is not sincere. Ew can it be sincere, . ii' you ! 4 pei^rdt your go?d pujT'Oses to be set aside by the j business' flf the world, by th£ delights' of sense, by the love of carnal gratifications ? ? That will is merely a faint desire, a vague intention, a meaningless expression, the real object being to silence the cry of conscience, and to allay the nrcrnish nt' rpnmrsfi Reflect, Dearly Beloved — that if your will now fail you, if you do not now rouse yourselves from your apathy, — if through despondency or through lamentable weakness of Christian faith, you continue to delay, to defer and to defer, your resolution to amend, your life, yielding to the temptation of. to- day, will offer less, resistance to the temptation of to-morrow; your attachment to your negligent tepid mode of living will become stronger;' your repugnance to overcome your evil propensities more deepJy rooted ; your inordinate habits will cling more closely, your sense of duty become more blunted — your hearts more hardened ; business will become involved in. business... Thus around you and about you ?will be wound' the wiles of Satan, and thus that care of the 'soul, wuiuu uiiiincu cib jjicouul, who in i/ueiuiuie iu ic ceive your individual attention, is delayed. In the mean while, the appointed space of time al lotted for life has passed — Death ensues — What can we add ? Thy destruction— 0 Christian ! is the result of thine, own folly. - » And now, Dearly Beloved, -we expect you to correspond with the gracious and loving invita tion to repentance; which is given, at this Holy season.' :A11 the 'children of the : Church' [Militant, in ;one, body prostrate: themselves before the throne of Grace. Mercies flow more abundantly — Sins are more readily forgiven. The Prayers of; the Just aid the supplications of the Sinner, that all maybe heard in this time of acceptance. Be ex n\ji- ui lug mot ciuu. nuoLiiJCil^c oc.u^t.iiy tii^lii u- the spirit of obedience, by alms-deeds, and prayer, by a renunciation ,of sin and .its occasions. Be seen in the. . House of God, not in the theatre nor in places ofpublic amusement. —Be assiduous in hearing mass— in attending the' instructions and the. public exercise's of Devotion.— :By serious examination prepare for a good ''confession, ''and deny yourself every pleasure that is:out of keep ing with this; holy time, that in silence! you may reflect on your Christian duties, and lament your past negligen_ces_^nd sins.. ? Dispense with all merely idle visits, and multiply those of charity — to comfort- the; sick and aifflcted— to relieve their wants of body or- of sou!— to instruct -the ignorant. _? '. i..:-^-'; ; .:-..; ; ? . -r- -J.;: And if, Dearlr Beloved; you feel. a difflcultY in bringing yourselves, to give that attention : to* the care of your souls,' 'whichyou are conscious isrthe one thiRg necessary— throw yourselves ''at 'the feet of your loving Saviour.- who neglected Bot; even for one moment of his precious life, the care of your salvation, but iri humility, in ignominy, with his sweat and with -his blood, sought to obtain it — Beseech Mm 0 Sinner, tOr.heai thy poor soul languishing unto death.— Say :— BehoM one whom thou hast* so loved' is sick.' 'C-ease not to pray, and to pray fervently,' until tliy' 'feeble desire shall grow into a strong and vigorous de ' termination, and a salutary change shall come over thy heart. ..:!.*.''' ;' The grace of our Lord Jesus Ckrist, and the Charity of God. and the conimuaicatioa of die Holy Ghost, be with you all.— Amen.' ? * .--'?? ; j JOHN BEDE?, ??'' r Archbishop of Stdnet, t CHARLES HENRY, . Bishop- Coadjutor. 