l o c a l . UBNCEBTON MUMS—A man named Wil- I mi ""J" 101118 . injured his right hand so ®ioh whilst unloading sugar from a cart, as h: r , cnJor amputation neces-nry A lunar I W™" wis visible on Monday last.—SclluS Pf'y "Scries have taken place I «>ieiy._Mr. c. Bicknell, of Longford, reri>orts that a number of sheep have been istolen from his paddock. He offerB a reward • or the conviction of the thievoB.—The 1 toughing match of the Cornwa'.l Associat™> which was to have come off on the 16th <tant, is postponed until further notice, in -osequence of the dry state of the wea- Pm P'E eon natch for a doublc-barrcllt d [ K n oan " ! off near tho basin, last week. | "'Eon was won v,y Mr Thomas Moore I , M "B»KICS' INSTITUTE—Tlio Meeting of I joe Music Class, at which Merab,rs of the I M if. sud v iaitui-a are admitted, takes 8 I in • E » en »ng. We have much plea- I n„ J" P uU ishing the following programme: I 1 K Hhonal ^ T " Song—"The hardy 'W8 Bach Glee^nT " - Pearsall I ei °~ nail, smiling morn" - Spofforth ry. 8 -'' Hark, the Village cSf; " -Cherubini I tZT How glad with smiles" Gluck | H ,ol jy-Nol - - Iloydo ItfotM .in 1Te t0 "s peace" - Russian Air I Fnll i , 0onot far from me" Zingorelli Cf" ^r'.'Uodi^e up" Orort BaiSZ.'0 «>e joyful" __ - Palestrina I a™"™* fr °m "Judas Maccabeus" I C ^ LKe ti-.T 1 ^ " - • •, r the conquering hero" ^-Instrumental - Singunto God" - 13th *i P, ao "Nwc.-On tho night fhe PiHT Mr Sonmerfield, the master Hnn iff , a ""i 11 ri "r craft, fell overboard, the h™, J??? Poin '. and wns drowned before kUim » P0 '° lr "' his assistance, could "0* T, 0 body has been recovered and J Tiicn ort , Artllur awaiting the inquest I "ta n 0F Ho , '' ! - ' 0" Tuesday last, 13tli « T 1 °>«nthly meeting of the Si H »nd or Hope, took place' at the «"Mrtn „ »r. Fry. About 7C SeT ,|te»idP.;*, e " present, who manifested s •luted on .If ob t ? ,n tho Fledge cards distri- ItnottiM c??* 8 ! 011 b y Pry, Hearing I In W • » 001 int o Temptation"— ^tfh tttlv^?^6' Patinnce, 1 P™"" the ^ood of Tempareaco. Fourteen additional names*w<'.re added to the roll, and many new Tcmperance Melodies sung, under the guidance of a hoy apparently bliud from his birth, who played appropriate airs on au harmonium. The visitors seemed highly gratified. A liberal provision of tea and cakes was made for the children, who were afterwards addressed by tho Rev. Dr. Pry, in a Tery pleasing and impressive manner. PonT AETHOR COAL COMPANY.—-For some time past, efforts have been making by the Port Arthur Coal Company, in order to discover a scam of biuuminous coal and for this r purpose borings were commenced at the bottom of the presentcoal mines. We are however sorry to state that, for the present, the borings arc discontinued, as tho following ••struct from a letter received from the superintendent of the mines will testify. That gentleman writes :—" I am sorry to leport that our boring for the present is at end, when as we fancied wo had struck the coal, wo at the same time struck a spring of water, und such was the force of it that it camv up the bore hole like a shot out of a gun. It wns with great difficulty we could get the bore ! iole plugged up, so great was the force of the water that we were obliged to take the blacksmith's anvil «'own to make a monkey of it. We drove in a pine plug of ten feet, and yet it makes about five tons of water a d>y Before we got the plug in it was making about twenty tons an hour, nnd wo were fearful that wo were going to be flooded out. It is very galling as it is quite certain that had the water not come upon tin we shonld have hail the coal that day. We were down about ninety feet, and every strata that was goue through showed most powerfnl indications of a fine seam of coal" THE THEATRE.-We were too late on Wedesday evening to witness the representation of that fine old comedy the " Rent Day." all accounts, however, agree in stating that it «» well put upon the stage; and that Mr Mason, as ttlie hero of the drama, and Mr Parry, as ilull Frog, acquitted themselves to almiration, and both were called before the curtain. The performances wore under the patronage of the Hon the Speaker of the Legislative Couucil, who, with a large party of friends, honored the theatre with his presence, We were glad to find the house crowded, for the enterprising spirit of the manager ccrtaiuly merits the utmost encouragement. When we went in, to borrow a simile from another place, Madame Strebinger and Signor Carandini were "on their legs," and their efforts to please drew down thunders of applause, terminating with a rapturous encore. It may not be out of place here to mention that the engagements of these talented artistes terminates this evening, when the Signor takes his benefit, Madame Cnrandini appearing in the opera of the " Fille du Regiment" on the occasion. A spirited air or two from the band of the 99th, stationed in the orchestra, beguiled away the interval of .preparation, and thecurlainrose on "Used up," with a good humoured audicnce, anticipating fun'and half on the titter already. The title of this very amusing farce sufficiently indicates its plot. When Sir Charles Coldstr.nra first make* his acquaintance with his friends the publio. he is tin tannic blaze; a wealthy bironet, -who has I un the round of the pleasures and is " used up"—literally '-used up." He would give a thousand guineas for a lucky i lea ihat would revive pulsation and send the blood vigorously coursing through bis veins. He is dying of cimui,- he is tired of life, for " there's nothiug u it." This is the character sustained umil the close ot the first act, when he disappears through a window, falling into the waters of tho Tliamos, which flow beneath. After a fearful struggle, with ' man who mccte the sama fate locked in his fest embrace; his blood is up again 1 Tne second act introduces him in the character of aploughboy J under which disguise ho hopes to nvoid the cojsequences of the supposed death of his companion of that leap into the Thames. No more ennui.- hard work, and love making with the pretty daughter of his master, fully oocupy his time ; and he is jovial and happy, and can "cliaw bacon" with the best of them. Bat he is haunted by a ghost, whose nocturnal visits form the only alloy to his happiness. But the supposed ghoxt turns out to be real flesh and blood: the man is not dead, but is a fugitive, too, he labouring under the impression that Sir Charles has been drowned. Tho fact is couvcniontlydiscovered, after a sufficient interval has been allowed for the thorough amusement of the audience, Sir Charles is restored to his own again, marries the young lady who has beguiled his exile, and the curtain drops. Mr Sefton Parry was the Sir Charles Coldstream of the evening, and was most happy in the delineation of the character: and the amused audience testified, hy their laughing applause, their appreciation of his excellent performing. SIGNOR CAILANIJINI'S BENEFIT.—Signor Carandini, who is well in this as well as in the sister colonics as a veteran of the stage, and on this account is entitled to the support of the lovers of the drama, takes his benefit this evening. A glance, however, at the programme will we are sure prove sufficiently attractive to ensure a full house independent of the reminisccnes of past times ; and when a combination of talented individuals-a combination rarely or ever witnessed in the colonics— comprising tho talented lady of the Signor whose thrilling strains have so often delighted the lovers of sweet sounds, Mudaiue Strcbio- Rer, the accomplished danscuse, Mr. Kemble Mason, and the American comedian Mr. Sefton Parry, and that elever little actress, Mrs. C. Jones, is considered, we feel confident that we arc not wrong in predicting that the Signor's farewell will he attended by an overflowing house. The musical part of the entertainment is under the direction of Mr, Lavenn. TUB CosuiiMNEn.— 1 The Executive Council sat yesterday to determine on the fate of Ezra Cox and Edward Shaw confictcd of murder at the last criminal sittings of the Supreme Court. They were both ordered for exccntiou on Friday next. 