FREEDOM OF THOUGHT— ITS LEGITI MATE EXERCISE AND LIMITS. A guiding and^restraining power is as ne cessary in the intellectual as in fclio material - world. If the wise Creator of the Universe bad not imparted a ' cohesive and gravita ting property' to matter — by which the component parts of this g:obe are as it were connected and restrained within their proper imifcs, the particles of matter of which the earth is made up, would be soon disconnected and scattered iu wi.'d confusion through the surrounding space, and the structure. of tho world reduced to its ' original choas.' And so it. would be with the .Human I del led, if. that all wise Being, according ' fco .whose image and likeness man's sou! has been created/' hud not laid down certain laws and limits for the guidance of the ' human intellect' in' the exercise of that freedom of thought with which che.soul has been endowed at its crnation. ..tf'rom the essentially Quito nature of the human mind, it is obviouc that there are millions of truths and .thoughts in .the iutollectiiii! world perfectly clear, anil com prehensible to the Div.tne Intellect, which are however entirely beyond- man's compre hension, — are totally . iuaocsssible to ;the widest grasp of the greatest intellect that ? was ever created. Even in the material world there are uutnberless phenomena and several perceptible properties of matter — such' as light, electricity, gravitation, &c;, tbe existence and the effects, of which are quite familiar to us, but ivitu whose nature and essential properties we are wholly un acquainted. Man may devote the whole energies of his mind and apply the most assiduous exercise of his intellect to the study of these phenomena and to the inves tigation of the properties of all created thing3, provided that in '.the full freedom of bis thoughts' he hazards no proposition at variance or in contradiction with any of, those great truths that God has been pleased to reveal for man's iD&truction;, and as a rule for bis conduct. .For as soon as the Ail-wise Creator has spoken or mado known any truth for enlightening of man's intel lect, then the first law of Nature— the first dictate of reason tolls- man to obey and to submit his Intellect to the ' Supreme Intel lect'; that, first formed and now governs the Universe. ? There is no gainsaying of this ' first prin ciple' for any one who believed in the exis tence of a Supreme Being, and rauc-ii, less so' for any one who believes that this Supreme .Beiujj; has distinctly revealed His law and His Divine Will for the instruction and guidance of man's weak and darkened un derstanding iu his present state of existence. Having thus far premised touchiug the '?proper limits' for the exercise of the human intellect, we are not a little surprised at the' drift arid ienor of certain articles that appeared late!y iu our contemporary of the Empire, headed ' The Intellectual Freedom of the Aae,*' ef The destines of Europe,' and ' Freedom of thought in the North'of Italy,' Tnc whole scope of these articles was to represent the superior excel lence of the false maxim on which Protes tantism is based, — the abso.iuts -freedom of thought aud of judgment that Protestantism claims as a ' right'' for each individual, — no matter howignoraut or defective his mind ruay bs. to set himself up as the so/e-i»nd Supreme Judge and arbiter of the true meaning of the word of God revealed in the Sacred Scriptures. The writer in the Empire seems to be wraped up to the third heavens in contem plating the bleasin^s that are in store for the human race froai the circulation and perusal of the millions of Bibles scattered over the face of society by the agency of Bib'e Societies. We do not intend to disturb the reveries of our Biblo-Maniacs, — that would be use less, for we real'y look ou those Bible en thusiasts as labouring under a fit, of monoma nia regarding the superhuman advantages to be derived from the mere reading of the Scriptures. But we shall call the attention ? of ali who believe iu ' Ilevealed Religion' to certain primary principles clearly laid down in that ' Revalation,' and then to some very useful remarks lately published by an intelligent English traveller in the ??Ease, about the doings of Bib'.e distributors iu that region. These remarks are quite applicable to those who are engaged in the same fruitless work oa the continent of Europe. Catholics- revere the Bibe and nra en couraged by the Church to read the Sacred Volume, either in the original or in faith fid tfuns'atioiis from the original. But they are forbidden to read the mutilated uud incorrect Protestant versions of the Scriptures. Nothing c-in be more emphatically an nounced by our Blessed Saviour, the Divine Founder of the Christian Church, than his ? appoiutriicutof Apostles to' teach' his law to mea and his granting full powers to tiieni to that effect, when he said ' As the Father sent Me, I send you.'; — he also imparted to them the knowledge requisite for - these duties, when he told them that '' All things whatsoever I heard from the Father I have made known to you,' and He then com manded them, 'Go ye iuto the whole world and preach the Gospel'— 7' Go ye audpreach the Gospel to, every' creature': — -'Go ye iuto all nations.' Aud, he' solemnly de clared, ' He who hears you hears Me, aud he who despises you despises Me.' As to the- rewards and punishments attached to the observance or neglect of hearing .those teachers and their successors, Christ says, 'He that bejieveth shall be saved, and he that ? believe th noc shall be damned.' And as a security against error in the teaching of those wlio receive Christ's Commission, ? He says, '? Lo, 1 am with-you all days even to the consummation of the world.' -Aud as a further guarantee, against error in His church, he declares thiit ' the gates of Hell shall not prevail against it, .for it Is built on a rock.' And as a further security for the teaching of His Church, H& ptomised when He should be taken up into Heaven., that He would send the Holy Ghost, the spirit of truth, to enable His Apostles and their successors to fulfill fahhfully their sacred office in these assuring words — ' I will send the Holy Ghost, the Spirit of Truth, who will bring to your recollection all things whatsoever I to!d you, aud who will abide with jou for ever.' Now aiter those solemn promises and cotumandc, it is preposterous to say that. Christ left each oue to fiud out the truths of revealed religion by the glimmering light of his own intellect iu reading the ?Bible ! -''.. 