SEPTEMBER NOTES AND QUERIES. A MASS of evidence offers itself to show the real progress of Ireland. Under the operation of the En cumbered Estates Court, which has disposed of 3320 petitions, and realized more than £10,500,000, a car. tam ghost which has haunted Ireland is disappearing One gentleman, who appeared to have a property nominallyestimated.it £ I IG a year, is discovered to * ,"_?*.t-_«CRlU_l "Property" only the nucleus of a debt of £8734 by the sale of which, at sixty or seventy years' purchase, the creditor's " might reside something." Yet he was "an Irish proprietor" Nor was he alone ; a whole tribe, the living embodiment of ancestral traditions and hereditary debt has continued to haunt the Irish Lethe until freed from its ghastly bondage by the Encumbered EBUIM Court. Ireland, too, is discovering " union is" not always power," when it is without a practical or self-paying object. A Tenant-League has been trying to as semble itself in Dublin, Mr. Sergeant Shee, invited to attend, sends as his proxy a letter deprecating such distractions at the present time and the Araiion itself growing moderate, declares that in the improved condition of Ireland it is not necessary to have such measures as she once required. O'Connell's statue is insured, privately. Forgetting her dissensions, Ireland sees the representatives of her opposed parties coming together on the common ground of improvement Mr Edmund Burke Roche, the member for Cork, takes fifty girls out of Cork workhouse, and will take fifty boys, to induct them into the mysteries of flax culture and manufacture field materially extending through the folly of Russia and Lord Downshire proposes a society for giving prizes to farmers exclusively, as they can well compete for quality of stock, but cannot vie with the gentleman in that show" condition which charms judges but does not pay The landed potentate can bring into the field a lovely Io, which will extort the prize without being at all richer in those humbler realities that constitutes the wealth of the dairy. And it is necessary to come to realities' for Sir Charles Knightley avows that there is sent even in the shaping of stock. He must conform, he says, to the fashion, and, giving up To formations, will breed cattle like steam-engines," But profounder truths emanate from the genuine old agriculturist. Some object to breeding, saying that their land is too good ; some also use land for feeding is not good for feeding ; but Sir Charles insists that the great things is for farmers to adopt their system to the land they oc. cupy to sow, to breed, or " to dairy." There is plenty of land for all uses, if the supposition which we hazarded last week to co-opt; and Sir Charles confirms us of the supposition, not only that land is wasted by a wholesale appropriation of more than is needed, but that it is wasted by a bad distri- bution, corn usurping the place of cows, and cheese being neglected for want of " old ladies" to make it. Bad distribution does not apply only to turnips and cheese : we have also bad distribution of our fellow creatures. In the endeavour to prove that certain familiar gases are not productive of cholera, a writer observes, that of the men who work in sewers, only one has been attacked, although the tribe numbered 2300\. _ Think of that number doomed to spend their days in subterranean recesses that nicety dislikes to name ! They are indeed select for their robustness, and their power to resist the subterranean atmosphere as well as to work in it-they are in fact picked men, not less numerous than two household brigades of cavalry. And our drainage arrangements are so barbarous, that we must , doom those fine fellows to a life among the rats, with rat-like training, and hard rowing ideas ! Must that continue ? Tubular drain agents may investigate that query. At a recent Sheffield meeting, which Mr. Roebuck was invited to attend, he attended not he sent a letter, but the letter was published not it is supposed to consist of reasons why the independent Member would not attend to play the game of Russia by attempting to defeat the Western Powers in their use of the Austrian alliance and hence, no doubt, its suppression., is that timely thesis to be counted amongst the lost works of literature ? Can it not be published? What have the Sheffield people done with their copy ? At the last meeting of the East India Proprietors, Mr. Jones asked what had become of the dispossessed Sikh nobles and while he pleaded for restitution to those persons, he contended that a native resident nobility is not a class to be lightly swept away, nor to be replaced by an alien bureaucracy, however " resident." The newspapers are undertaking the functions of a Council of Nice, and discussing the rearrangement of some of the writings used in divine service. The hymn-books and tunes are the object of an active discussion. In the first place, the great variety of hymn-books, and the diversity also in the hymns used in particular churches as a substitute for the psalms, elicit strong complaints. Popular clergymen vie with each other in a species of literary contest, and the getting up of hymn-books is degenerating into a stock in trade. Literally so, says one correspondent, since popular and profession adapter render these volumes the instruments for puffing off each other. It is the fashion always to have a run on these occasions at Sternhold and Hopkins ; who have their weak places, but are often strong in a plain broad simplicity. The chase after niceties and fashion in the construction of hymns is in itself an abuse. Congregations do not want to be diverted, by critical niceties and refinements of thought, strokes of art in poetry, or intellectual suggestiveness The very object of the psalm is, that the whole congregation should unite with one voice and one heart in the utterance of one feeling. If they could do so without words at all, and be secure against the distractions of the wandering mind, it were best and the next thing to that oneness of inward feeling is an expression as perfectly simple as it is possible to make it so simple that the expression itself never shall become the object of attention. As a set-off against concerts which are sometimes got up by way of attraction to divine service, another correspondent notes the tax upon the attention in the sermons of fifty or sixty minutes' duration and it i an abuse. A moderate speaker can deliver two columns of Times leading article in twenty minutes, and the enforcement of a simple proposition, fittest for the pulpit, would seldom require more space than the editor of the Leading Journal would allow himself even for a most complicated political subject. A sermon that taxes the attention of the congregation that cannot carry one man in truth straight into the open minds of the greatest number present-fails <> its effect, and discredits the display of the clergyman s vanity or imbecility. No concert over a hymn-book can compensate to an audience for that filching of attention on false pretences,- Spectator. 