THE MORMONS.-THEIR BIBLE, AND THEIR CREED. As the history of these impostors is not generally known, we purpose to give a brief narrative of the facts connected with their rise, and the fabrication of the Book of Mormon, as also to state their creed. The founder of the Book of Mormonism, Joe Smith, was bom in the town of Sharon, Windsor County, Vermont, on the 23rd September, 1805. His parents were of mean origin, and of bad repute, being keepers of a low grog-shop, the resort of gamblers and black- legs. Uneducated themselves, they lacked the will, if not the means, to educate their children. The young hopeful-the future Prophet-could read but little, write an imperfect hand, and barely master the ele- mentary rules of arithmetic ; but profiting by his con- stant association with the black-leg visitors of the pot shop, he soon became an expert gambler, and could practice deception with adroitness and success. At the early age of fifteen, he meditated the establishment of a new religion, but he did not begin to carry his design into effect until he was twenty-five. A Sidney Rigdon seems to have been his first accomplice, for, beyond all doubt, it was through him that he became acquainted with the work from which the Book of Mormon was concocted. This Rigdon was a com- positor, in the printing-office of Mr. Patterson, the editor of a newspaper at Pittsburgh, in Pennsylvania. A friend of the editor, the Reverend Solomon Spaulding, was at the time living there. He had formerly resided at New Salem, Astabula County, Ohio, a place where there arc numerous mounds and forts, supposed by many to be the dilapidated dwellings and fortifications of a raco now extinct. Numerous implements were found there, and other articles evincing great skill in the arts. Mr. Spaulding took a lively interest in these developments of antiquity, and in order to beguile the hours of retirement-his health having failed him- and furnish employment for his lively imagination, he conceived the idea of giving an historical sketch of this long lost race. Their extreme antiquity led him to write in the most ancient style, and as the Old Testament is the most ancient book in the world, he imitated its style as nearly as possible. His sole object in writing this imaginary history was to amuse him- self and his neighbours. This was about the year 1812\. It professed to have been written by one of the lost nation, and to have been recovered from the earth, and assumed the title of "Manuscript Found." Mr. Spaulding, from his acquaintance with, the classics and ancient history, was enabed to introduce many singular names, which were particularly noticed by the people, (who used to assemble to hear it read, whenever a sufficient portion was ready), and could easily be re- cognised by them. His brother repeatedly heard the whole of it read. When Mr. Spaulding removed to Pittsburgh, he exhibited his MS. to Mr. Patterson, who was very much pleased with it, and borrowed it for perusal. Rigdon also read it, as he frequently stated himself, and copied it. It was a matter of notoriety and interest to all connected with the printing establishment. As soon as Rigdon's friend, Joe Smith, became acquainted with the ' Manuscript Found,' his fertile genius for deception instantly turned it to ac- count. Mr. Spaulding died in 1816, and Joe got hold of the MS. in 1830, and published it as ,the Book of Mormon, with certain clumsily inserted and ungrammatical additions of his own. He professed to have received its contents in a most mysterious manner. According to his statement, he received a visit from a " Personage," who declared himself to be an angel of God. Amongst other things, this personage informed him that the American Indians were a remnant of Israel ; that when they first emigrated to America, they were an enlightened people, possessing a know- ledge of the true God ; that the Prophets and inspired writers among them were required to keep a sacred history of the most important events transpiring amongst them, which history was handed down for many generations, till at length they fell into great wickedness, when the greatest part of thom were destroyed, and the records were safely deposited, to preserve them from the hands of the wicked, who sought to destroy them. Joe was further informed that these records contained many sacred revelations pertaining to the Gospel of the Kingdom, as well as prophecies relating to the great events of the last days; and that he was to be the highly favoured indi- vidual to bring those sacred writings before the world. He was informed concerning the place where these records were deposited, and instructed to go immediately and view them. He professed to have constant interviews with his heavenly messenger, for four years, at the end of which period the records were delivered into his hands by the angel. These records, according to his story, were engraven on plates, which had the appearance of gold, filled on both sides with engravings in Egyptian characters. Joe was fortunate enough to find with the records, "a curious instrument, called by the ancients Urim and Thummim, which consisted of two transparent stones, clear as crystal, set in the two rims of a bow. This was used in ancient times, by persons called seers. It was an instrument by the use of which they re- ceived revelation of things distant, or of things past or future." By the aid of the Urim and Thummim, the Prophet commenced translating the record, which task was soon accomplished. One of Joe's earliest converts was Martin Harris, a simple farmer, possessed of more money than wit, and more credulity than judgment. He lent the Prophet the sum of fifty dol- lars to publish his new Bible. Martin asked to have a look at the plates, but Joe refused to gratify his wishes, on the pretence that he was not pure of heart enough to be allowed a sight of such treasures ; but he generously made a transcript of a portion of them upon paper, which he told him to submit to any learned scholar in the world, if he wished to be satis- fied. Harris was an earnest man, and he set out from Palmyra to New York, to visit Professor Authon, to whom he submitted the characters. The Professor communicated ,his suspicions to him, that it was a scheme to cheat him out of his money, and warned him to beware of rogues. Harris, however, was not convinced, returned to Palmyra, and signed his name as one of the three witnesses, ''who had seen the plates which contained the record of the people of | Nephi," &c.; For what consideration he was induced to take this step we are not told, but he probably lent himself to the Prophet's scheme, as the only Way of getting back his money. They gave it out that Pro- fessor Authon had seen the plates and pronounced the inscriptions to be in the Egyptian character. When this came to his ears, the Professor stated that the paper submitted to him was, in fact,' a singular scroll ; that it consisted of all kinds of crooked characters, disposed in columns, and had evidently been prepared by some person who had before him at the time a book containing various alphabets --Greek and He- brew letters, crosses and flourishes; Roman letters inverted, or placed sideways, and arranged in perpen-' dicular columns; and that the whole ended in the rude delineation of a circle, divided into various com- partments, decked with various, strange marks, and evidently copied after the Mexican Calendar, given by Humboldt, but copied in such a way as not to betray the source whence it was derivcd. The paper, he added, contained anything else but Egyptian hiero- glyphics. After the Book of Mormon came out, a copy of it was taken to New Salem, the place of Mr. Spaulding's former residence, and the very place where he wrote the "Manuscript Found." A woman preacher, at a meeting there, read and repeated copious extracts from the Book of Mormon. The historical part was immediately recognised by all the older inhabitants, as the identical work of Mr. Spaulding, in which they had all been so deeply interested years before. The excitement in New Salem became so great, that the inhabitants held a meeting, and deputed Dr. Philastus Hurlbut, who had become one of their followers, to pay a visit to Mr. Spaulding's widow, and obtain from her the original MS. of her husband, for the purpose of comparing it with the Mormon Bible. This was in 1834\. The Doctor was convinced that they were the same, and at once seceded, his eyes being opened to the imposture and delusion of which he had been the victim. Mormon and his son Moroni, who act so large a part in the Book of Mormon, were two of the principal characters in the " Manuscript Found," and from the first, the Book no doubt derived its name. Joe, when asked for the meaning of the word Mormon, invariably silenced the uninformed, and amazed the educated, by the boundless resources of his impudence. As we say from the Saxon good (he would reply) ; from the Dane, goi; the Goth, goda; the German, gut; the Dutch, goed; the Latin, binns ; the Greek, kalos ; the Hebrew, toh ; so the Egyptian 'mon, which, with the addition of more, or the contraction or, we have the word Mormon, which means literally more good ! ! The following summary of the contents of the Book of Mormon, thus strangely issued into the world, is from a publication called the Voice of Warning, by one of the Apostles: " The Book of Mormon contains the history of the ' ancient inhabitants of America, who were a branch of the house of Israel, of the tribe of Joseph ; of whom the Indians are still a remnant: but the principal nation of them having fallen in battle, in the fourth or fifth century, one of their prophets, whose name was Mormon, saw fit to make an abridgment of their his- tory, their prophecies, and their doctrine, which he engraved on plates, and afterwards being slain, the record fell into the hands of his son, Moroni, who, being hunted by his enemies, was diiected to deposit the record safely in the earth, with a promise from God that it should be preserved, and should be brought to light in the latter days by means of a Gentile nation, who should possess the land. The deposit was made about the year 420, on a hill then called Cumora, now in Ontario county, where it was preserved in safety until it was brought to light by no less than the min- istry of angels, and translated by inspiration. And the great Jehovah bore record of the same to chosen witnesses, who declare it to the world ! ! ! " This is the book which now upwards of half a million of deluded victims regard with as much vene- ration as a Christian does his Bible, or a Mahomedan his Koran! A romance, written by an imaginative clergyman, for the amusement of himself and his friends. The following summary of the Mormon Creed is given in their own periodicals as the recognized " faith of the Latter Day Saints : " " "We believe in God the Father, and His Son Jesus Christ, and in the Holy Ghost. We believe that men will be punished for their own sins, and not for Adam's transgressions." " We believe that through the atonement of Christ all mankind will be saved, by obedience to the laws and ordinances of the Gospel." " Wc believe that these doctrines are :--1st. Faith in the Lord Jesus Christ. 2nd. Repentance. 3rd. Baptism by immersion, for the remission of sins. 4th. Laying on of hands, for the gift of the ïïoly Spirit. 5th. The Lord's Supper." " We believe that men must be called of God by inspiration, and by laying on of hand by those who are duly commissioned to preach the Gospel, and ad- minister in the ordinances thereof." " We believe in the same organization that existed in the Primitive Church, viz. apostles, prophets, &c.;" " We believe in the Word of God revealed in the Bible ; we also believe in the word of God rovealed in the Book of Mormon,". * -. - ' " We believe in the literal gathering of Israel, and in the restoration of the ten tribes ; that Zion will be established in the Western Continent ; that Christ will reign personally upon the earth a thousand years," &c.; &c;, &c.;" The Mormon creed, however, receives additional' articles and developments, at intervals, as fast as new revelations are vouchsafed to apostles or prophets, which is just as often as they have any new roguery to practise or palm off upon their disciples. They already sanction and defend the practice of polygamy, by their " spiritual wife " doctrine. The sect which the American Mahomet founded has by this time arrived at such a growth that, it is to be feared, no arguments founded upon the fraud or absurdity of his pretensions will be of the slightest avail in preventing the develop- ment of Mormonism, or in opening the eyes of the swints ; but it is to be hoped that by constantly pro- mulgating the origin of the cheat, we may prevent their making many proselytes for the future. Should they, however, in spite of every lawful means used for putting them down, go on increasing in the same ratio, and developing one strange doctrine after another, we may begin to examine the various prophecies, with the view of detecting them in the sacred records, perhaps as the apostacy of the latter days. Who can tell whether Brigham Young, _ the present Mormon God of Cali- fornia, or some of his successors, may not be developed into the Man of Sin ? 