British) Servants. PROFESSOR ANDERSON, THE a WIZARD OF THE NORTH, AND THE NEGRO SLAVE. The Wizard of the North has returned from his American tour, and after an absence of thirteen years re-appears in Leeds, at the Music hall, on Monday. However marvellous his performances may this time be, it will scarcely be more so than are his anecdotes and reports of his progress in the United States, as detailed in the various journals. He evidently worked his cantrips so well as to surprise Jonathan wherever he went and appears to have been more popular in America than any performer who has yet crossed the Atlantic Jenny Lind, of course, excepted. From among many amusing stories of his tact and dexterity, we select the following from the Pennsylvania Courier. Professor Anderson was playing in the Holy Hay-street theatre, Baltimore, to crowded houses every evening. On the last night of his appearance in that city, the ball was numerously thronged, and the Professor took occasion to introduce some new feats of a more astonishing character than he had previously shown. Among the audience, and occupying a prominent position in the middle of the hall, sat a sallow-corn plexioned, hatchet-faced, "South Carolinians," who regarded the performance very intently, but who never joined in the applause awarded to the Wizard by the rest of the company. He saw the Professor take a large trunk, two or three geese, and a live boy out of a portfolio about two inches thick, and he nodded as much as to say-" that's not quite so bad." He watched the feat of producing an unlimited quantity of flowers, toys, and sweetmeats out of an ordinary hat, and he nodded his head to that she ; he witnessed another trick, and he nodded " J-B»_ü~ V- ---miss his head again. Then came the " Inexhaustible Bottle." The Professor's story about it was listened to, and the " South Carolinians" nodded his head and smiled cynically at what he was told. Presently he broke silence for the first time, and asked for some gin out of the bottle gin was given him next for some rag-time he had. Then he desired some lemonade. At his wish lemonade was poured for him out of the same bottle which had fumina" the gin and the rum. He drank the lemonade, pulling his broad-brimmed hat over J's of his eyes, and folding one of his arms, looked hard at the Professor with the other-' The bottle feat was finished, the audience applauded, the Professor bowed and was about to leave the stage for a moment. Suddenly the taciturn " South Caro- linian" started to his feet, and beckoning to the Wizard. called to him in a loud voice to stop. Mr. Anderson obeyed, and came to the front of the stage. Whereupon, to the intense amuse- ment of all present, the following dialogue occurred : " Well, I guess, stranger, you're a smart fellow," said our friend, addressing the Professor : " You are smart, anyhow, you are. I have been looking at you, I have. I'd say that you were some one that it's not civil to name right away, if you could do the trick." "I have no ambition to be so regarded, I assure you,'' answered the Professor, with great good humour: "but you, perhaps, will oblige me by saying what you wish me to do." " Well, you are smart, but you can't do it Your machinery's good, and you have some well made little engines on the stage there. You have a quick hand, and a clever way about you, too, stranger; but you can't do what I want, after all and it's a kind of thing I'd like to see the smartest wizard going to do." " What is it? - What did you want Mr. Anderson to do?" inquired fifty voices at once. " Well, you can't turn a black nigger white you can't do that, now," returned the querulous visitor, as he spat on the floor, put his hands deep in his pocket, and shook his shoulders with glee at having, as he thought, posed the Professor. Mr. Anderson asked the company to be silent for a moment. " Ladies and gentlemen," said he, " this is my last night of performance in Baltimore. I travel south. in six months. I will return to this city, and if, on this night six months, my friend will come to see me, and bring with him a black negro, I will turn him into a white one." The people cheered. The "Carolinians" shook his head. Well, I guess you will when you do," said he, " but I will be here with the nigger. Mark me, Mr. Wizard, I am here with the nigger I am :" and so saying he left the theatre. The performance was concluded. Mr. Anderson left the city next morning and the following few months it was a subject of general conversation whether the Wizard would return and keep his word. At length his adver ' ' >ments appeared, and the chief experiment in programme was announced to to be the bringing of a black negro into a white one." evening of performance arrived. The se was thronged to suffocation. ' 'evil done, Anderson!" "Bravo, Ander shouted the audience as soon as the >r appeared. z i on the, stranger!" cried a voice farther end ; " I'm here, and here's the lb was the "South Carolinians." party were informed that the trans- it' the black man would be the last of the evening. Every one waited ease. By and by the time for the of the feat arrived, will do it " " Bravo, Anderson hope. juan'' shook his head. He was' ... to let his negro come upon the stage. A large table was brought forward, together with an immense extinguisher, formed of wicker work, covered with cloth. Mr. Anderson explained that he would cause the negro to stand on the table, place the extinguisher over him, fire a pistol at it, and produce a white negro where there had been a black one. Everybody was on tiptoe as the negro mounted the table. The extinguisher was placed over him-the pistol fired. On the removal of the extinguisher, | a negro, perfectly white-skinned, with white GUrllng Bill, and the through Awanui ruse, stood before the audience. "It's flour-he's floured my nigger," cried the Carolinian." The audience were invited to examine him. They found that it was the proper colour of the skin and it was remarked that in changing colour, the man appeared to have become a little taller. Round after round of applause greeted the Professor. The owner of the negro turned on his heel. " Stop ! if you please," said the Wizard, " allow me to make your negro black again before he leaves." Once more the extinguisher and pistol were called into play. In two minutes the black negro stood again upon the table. " I restore him to you as I had him," said Anderson, addressing the astonished sceptic. The poor man shook his head. " I bought that nigger down south a mouth ago," said he. "I've brought him here, and he's promised not to run off, but to go through with me to Charleston, where I was to trade with him again. But I won't have him now. A nigger who's been done that to, I would'nt own any how Mr. Anderson turned to the audience, who were convulsed with laughter, and told them that, though he was not a planter or slave- owner, yet, on this occasion, he wished to say a negro. Then asking the trader what he would take for the slave to have no further claim upon him, and receiving for answer 200 dollars, he paid the amount. With reference to the transformation of black into white, we may as well mention that there are plenty of white negroes far upon the Mississippi. The Wizard had been that way. Whether he had brought one with him or not we leave open to conjecture. Mr. Anderson left Baltimore in the morning, having first obtained a pass for his negro. Philadelphia was the next city he had to visit. The travelling world knows that going south Maryland is the first slave state, the capital of which is Baltimore. Going north, Pennsylvania is the first free state, the great city of which is Philadelphia. The Susquehanna River divides the states, slave and free. The Wizard had to cross the Sutquehanah with his negro. soon as he arrived at the north side he whispered in the negro's year that he was " free !" He burst into tears. Expression of feeling in such a place could not be indulged in. The news was in Philadelphia as soon as the Wizard. In that city of brotherly love'' the "Musical Fund Hall" was nightly crowded by the Abolitionists, who complimented the Wizard for this noble act. The curious came to see the negro who had been turned white. The negro, whom Mr. Anderson had re-christened The Wizard," is now the foreman of Mr. Anderson's estate in Pennsylvania. Church Rates Abandoned in Birmingham -No parish in Birmingham now consents to levy a compulsory church rate. The last parish which stood out, Edgbaston, resolved on Saturday last not to levy an enforced rate, but to invite the voluntary aid of the parishioners to the extent of one penny in the pound," Spectator, Sept. 9. Dxeiko.-A girl being sent to a druggist's shop y) purchase some dye stuff, and forgetting the name of the article, said to the shopman " Please sir, what do folks dye with?"-" Die with the, cholera, sometimes."-" "Well, I believe that's be name. Iwantapennyworth." Leeds Mercury Death of KISHANS._G!eneral Paixhans, the celebrated French General of Artillery, died of cholera at Metz, on, the 190, ult., in the 72nd year of his age. The attack was so rapid in its effects as to render the medical treatment hopeless.- Leeds Mercut /# DestrucpivbConsbqüen^SOEAnfxpl0sion. -The foundry at the United States navy yard in Washington city has been totally destroyed by fire, occasioned by an explosion while the work- men were engaged in casting a cylinder. Leeds Mercury, The Revolution in China Twenty years ago, a young Chinese went up to Canton to be examined as a candidate for the " civil service." When he was there a native convert put into his hand a tract called " Scripture lessons," Hung- sew-tseuen, the young Chinese, returned to his native province, diligently perused the tract, and falling ill saw visions, and imagined that he had received divine revelations. " In 1844 he preached in the district of Kwang- si, and made many disciples. In 1846 he received religions instruction for some months from an American missionary at Canton. He then returned to Kwang- si, resumed his labours, and founded a sect, which being persecuted, amalgamated with a secret political society, having for its object the expulsion of the Tartar dynasty, which now professedly rules the Chinese empire. In the middle of 1852, the followers of Hung-sew-tseuen numbered many thousand men. Taking up arms against the Government, they have conquered many large towns, amongst others, Nanking, Amoy and Shanghai, and it is probable that, ere long, this revolution will be consummated by the dethronement of the reigning emperor and the accession of Hung-sew-tseuen to the throne. This movement thus has a political aspect, but the religi- one element is the most important. The leader has, as we have said, some knowledge of the Christian religion, acquired from a few months' viva voce teaching, and from tracts. He and his followers also possess the books of Genesis, Exodus, and Numbers, and St. Matthew's Gospel, but no other parts of the Bible. Their knowledge of Christianity is thus necessarily limited, but under the imperfect means of knowledge which they possess they have learned to abhor idol worship, to love truthfulness, to renounce sensuality, and the use of opium and strong drink, and to pay divine honours to an unseen God, and to the " first elder brother," Jesus Christ. There is much of " hay and stubble" mixed with these good results. The leader believes himself inspired one of his principal counsellors, "The Eastern Prince," claims to have divine revelations, and to be the medium of communication between the Eternal and Hung-sew-tseuen, who has conferred upon him the title of the "Comforter, even the Holy Ghost," and it is evident that in many things the revolutionists have a zeal without knowledge. Leeds Mercury. The Customs Increase of Business in the Port of London's great is the pressure of business on the landing department of the Customs in the port of London at this time, that the staff of officers have been found insufficient for the emergency. Over 200 vessels were reported on Monday and Tuesday last, and many of them have cargoes consisting of sugar, tea, and other high duty goods. Every exertion has been made to prevent inconvenience to the trade, and for the despatch of business. The electric telegraph has performed its office, and landing waiters have been drafted from the outports. In the early part of this year we had to chronicle the enormous increase which had taken place in the amount of imports into London during the year that had passed, but we learn that, great as the increase had been, it has been exceeded this year, between 700 and 800 more vessels being reported inwards than in the corresponding period of 1853. At some of the docks we understand that it has been found necessary to work beyond the legal hours, notwithstanding the increase in the staff of Customs officials, and that it is with difficulty so large a fleet of vessels as that which has just arrived can be berthed. Civil Service Gazette Railway Suicide Mr. James Instill, a Worcester tradesman, has committed suicide by deliberately placing his neck across one of the rails of the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton Railway, in front of an approaching train, by which his head was completely severed from his body. The unfortunate man had been in a desponding state of mind previously. Leeds v Mercury. importance of Sebastopol The capture of Sebastopol will deprive the enemy of all naval power, and leave the al red fleets at liberty; while its possession will give us the power of carrying on the war on hostile territory with ease and certainty of success. From it at a future season may be despatched expedi- tions into the shallow seas and faiths of the mainland, Nicolaieff, where the Black Sea fleet has been cuuat,i.H2tea, may be taken with ease, the Sea of Azoff may be entered, Taganrog threatened, and all succour cut off" from Anama, and the one or two garrisons which remain on the Circassian coast. To send the small vessels necessary for this service from such distant ports as Yarra or the Bosphorus may be a service of some peril ; but from such a position as Sebastopol, a day or two of coasting would be sufficient to transport a large force to various assailable points of the Russian dominions. Should the operations of the ensuing year include an advance of the Turkish forces with a campaign against Ismail and the other strongholds of the Lower Danube, or should it be resolved to invade Bessarabia, the possession of Sebastopol would ensure success. No serious offensive warfare is possible in this part of the world until the fortress has fallen which detained, or ought to detain, our fleets before it, and which, jutting far out into the Euxine, defends the large towns and the indented coast of Southern Russia.- Times' Constantinople Letter. Dastardly and Murderous Assault upon A Wife.- On Saturday last, a stonemason, named Samuel Broadbent, residing at Apsley, was brought upon remand, charged with having, on the preceding Monday night, committed a desperate assault upon his wife, who was supported by two men as she walked into court, and seemed to be suffering acutely. Mr. Swithen bank, constable of Armley, produced a stout poker, the instrument' used by prisoner in beating his wife. He described prisoner as an unworthy character, and said that though his income was between 5s. and 6s. a day, he had not supplied his family with meat for a considerable time. Mrs. Broadbent said that on the Monday night her husband, after throwing the chairs about the house, against which she re- monstrated, took up the poker, and struck her with it upon the head and shoulders, one blow on the head inflicting a wound three inches in length. Prisoner also kicked and struck his wife over other parts of the body; and the unfortunate woman, who was pregnant, said that the prisoner always treated her in this manner when she was in that condition. The constable, on taking prisoner into custody shortly after the assault, asked him what he had been doing, when the inhuman fellow replied, " I have been cracking her head a bit with the poker." He was sentenced to three months' imprisonment, and at the expiration of that period required to find sureties for his good behaviour for a further period of three months. Trophies from Bosiarsund.-Trophies of-war have been brought home from Bomarsund, consisting of helmets (the famous Russian helmet) which are handsomely formed and made- They are particularly light, being made of a patent leather. The head is well protected, officers having solid silver shields over the front and top. A great number of rifles also, with the cartridge for them. Among other curiosities is a Russian knout or whip of a terrific character, with which a powerful arm might cut the flesh from off a man's body, the whip part being thickly chequered with plants, worked ingeniously therein to the handle, which is of heavy wood. The total number of guns captured in the fort is 292, provisions for 3,000 men for two years, an in- calculable quantity of stores of all kinds, and about £15,000 in Russian notes, not worth much. Eleven magazines had been discovered, containing nearly 200 tons of powder, which was devoted to blowing up the forts. The powder is reputed to be coarse and bad. The guns and muskets are excellent. An aged man named Richard lately died in the union workhouse, Leicester. He was one of the mutineers of the Nore, and was sentenced to execution. The rope was about his neck, and he was on the point of being swung off, when he was reprieved. From that hour to the time of his decease he never wore a neckerchief about his neck Nottingham Review. A woman ninety-one years of age is now a "gatherer" in the harvest field at Grange, in Yorkshire, as sprightly and active as the youngest. Madame Georges Sand Madam Georges Sand has written the history of her life, in five volumes, and has sold the manuscript to La Presse for 130 000 francs. Spectator. Father Mathews fund is in course of collection to enable Father Mathew to proceed to Madeira for the benefit of his health Spec tator, Sept. 2. Lamartine. M. de Lamartine is reported to have sold a History of Turkey to a Paris newspaper for no less than £4800. Spectator. The Reciprocity Treaty between England and America A treaty of reciprocity had just been agreed to between England and America, in regard to Canada and the different British colonies on and adjoining the shores of North America. By this treaty British and American fishermen were to have equal rights in the sea fisheries of both countries, but all the river fisheries were to be reserved. The navigation of the St. Lawrence, and of the lakes and canals of Canada, were to be open to American seamen, whilst British subjects should have the right freely to navigate Lake Michigan, and the American government would urge on the different states to secure to British subjects the use of the several state canals, on terms of equality with American subjects; and further that grain, flour, bread-stuffs, animals of all kinds, unwrought minerals, timber, plants, shrubs, marble, coals, and unmanufactured flax, hemp, tow, and tobacco should be admitted into each country duty free. 