Hotal E n t e U t g c i m . Gjiain and Flouji.—The imports at tbo port of Hobart Town, for the week ending )7lb February, inclusive, were : — Oats 150 bushels. Flour' — S tons. expduts. Nil. And at Lannceston, for the week ending I6th February, inclusive :— mronTfi. Nil. ExronTB" 203 bushels. Flour'.'...* filtons. Gaiette, Feb. 21. Mehsev Coal Company.—After emptyinf the sliatt of water on Friday, two mincre went down, butwere compelled to abandon work,in consequence of the rapid rush of water, which has again filled the pit. It is probable th.it, by allowing it to well out for a time, tlie flow will diminish; if not, steam will have to be applied opplied ;which,in iwnicn.m apises aplsce wnereiu^. where fue. « ib abun- dant, would be tbe cheapest permanent egehcy, eithet to pump out. the water, or to rai6e tho coal to the surface,—tauuceslw Examiner, Feb. 23. Rivr.ft Don.—Mr. Fcnton is rinking for coal, between the Don and the Leven.— Ibid. ItiVEB Merset— 1 The Postmaster-Genera! Jias consented to forward a mail twicp a week to Torquay, at the head?, so t hat the increasing population on the banks of tlie Mersey nnd the Don will now receive their letters and papers regularly.—Ibid. Launcestow Races. — The Races' commenced yesterday. The day was fine, and there was an average attendance of spectators. The Launceston St. Leger was won by Mr. JDodery's Como, who had the running almost to himself. The Town Plate was won by Mr. R. Lyoll's Messenger. Capital race. Messenger winning both heats by about a length. The Maiden Plate was won by Mr. T. Field's Jewess. The last stake of the day {the Maiden Galloway) was won by Mr. Parr's Young I>octor.—Ibid. Fihes.— Botpwell. — The fires in the neighbourhood of BothwcH aro still 1 uruing, last wcekafirctookrV.ee on the farm of Mr. William Lewis (owing toes«ta-- ^ f a p ^ I ^ ^ the barn and grain to tho va u? of more than r ^ w i U t b i f f i ^ ^ ^ . . Lewis, Tretl^lmve subsoribed liberally. Faotics of Tars,—Ttwmn Latch a tea. tnan, and a large man, was charged with being drank, using obscene language,'and assaulting Serjeant Jackson, by beating and striking him, and threatening to kick his head off. Jaokson, who, we all know, i8 but a little man, attempted to take tho sailor into custody, when the defendant kin eked him down, and got away into a public hous.*, into which Jackson nimbly followed him. More again he assaidted Jackson, when with the assistance of another constable bo lodged the frowning bully in the watchhouse : he was fined 5ft. for one offence, and £2 for the assault, which were paid, Mons Dohestic Specimens.—Mr. James Peck of Murray-street, charged William Burns,bis hired servant, with leaving his service without permission, and beforo the expiration of his agreement. Mr. Peck stated that about nine days ago he hired tho defendent and liis wile as ordinary hoUEe-servants, nt 25s. per week : on the following day Mr. Peck asked tho defendent how he liked his place! He said,' very well.' Witness then asked him if he would engage for 3 or 6 months,—nr for any specific period. He replied he would not: witness then usked him if he would agree to give a month's notice: he said he would nor, nor would give to auy one more than a week's notice: with this Mr. Peak expressed himself satisfied. Ultimately, however, tho defendont left his fern-ico without giving any notice at all, leaving his master without a servant, and with Mr. Peck's children very ill with ihe measles. He was scnienced to one month's imprisonment iu the house of correction. Assault on the Hiou Seas. — John Greenlaw, and Joaes Cyore, seamen of tho Camilla, from London, uow in tliis port (Launceeton) were charged by Capt. Milan with assaulting him as master uf iliat vessel on the high seas, on the Mtli January last. From the evidence it was unfolded tbat the first named prisoner had by some mysterious means become inebriated and steering the vessel very wildly, he at length quitted the helm altogether and went below. At tliis time all bands were engaged setting studding sails. The Captain went int) the forecastle to induce him to come out to assist in setting sail, whin prisoner kicked the captain in the face, and a struggle ensued, the second named ruffian came up aud bit the captain. This prisoner then repaired to the forecasl.'e. and came out, flourishing a dirk and exclaiming "one dog one bone." After considerable difficulty the prisoners wcro secured and Greenlaw confined until tlieariival of the ship in this port. The police magistrate said, ilie assault has been clearly proved against you ; your con- duct was ruffianly in tbo extreme; you ailors must be laught that you cannot carry on with so high baud on bnaid ship when at soa, and miles from land, with impunity. The stnttue visltssuch an cfiinrc us that lor which 1 fiud you guilty upon tho evidence disclosed, and I shall now in llic words of the act of parliament, sentence you ti twelve weeks imprisonment with hard labor. —1'xO.viinO'. WATER ron Lawjcestox.—The supply of water for the town was again cut oil on Monday last, in consequence cf the breaking of the shutes; and the wafcr-cariicre, very modestly,during the day, demanded thesuin of eight shillings for a load ol Water.—Cornvail Chronicle, Feb. 22. VicioniA Theatue—We perceive, by our advertising columns, Mr. Charles Forrest takes his Benefit in this highly popular place of amusement, en Monday evening next, when Bulwer's powerful, novel (dramatized by Moncrii'ff)—Eugene Aram, will be rep- e- sented, and tbe Iiighly interesting historical drama of the Totvcr of Kcsle. In both pieces air. Forreft sustains tbe leading characters. We doubt not, judging from this gentleman's previous performances, th« gloomy misanthrope scholar—Amii, ard the fiinlilj- chivalrous soldier of la belle France, will be most effectively pourtraved. We believe that Mr. Forrest stands well in fhe estimation of the public ; and by strict attention to his du* ies, is highly respected by his luamigcr aud theatrical brethren—no doubt the public wiil repay with a bumper—his meritorious ^exertions. Busu FinE.—We have been informed, that a terrific conflagration has occurred near lllackman's Bridgb, on Thmsday evening last, and ihe f ences appeared to have suflerc-d most seriously Iron the ravages of the fiarnei. JtrusEY Coal Cosii-any.—A private letter d .ted Hih instint, elates that at a depth of 135 feet the sanistone covering the c.iaf had been reached, wt that ibe w ater rushing iu at the rute ol 33 feet in an hour, compelled the miners to leave ihe (-halt. 1 hey were engaged in reducing tbe water. A coirespondent in a letter dated tlie I5;h instant, save:—" Tnc liight belore last the water in tho shaft made 100 feet in f..ur llonrs, but they have worked the liorsi'S at a gallon ever since, ani have succeeded in decreasing it. Mr. \\\\. B. Detui leut them a horfe, and urged than not lo give up. Jt is a pity some one isnjtliero to stimulate the men. The minersare sure they are on Ihe coal." This will gratifying inUOligeuce to the shareholders, cud alliance the value of tbeir Bbares, MEnsEv.—The constabulary have r.pprebended a man-said to Ve one of the piratical runaways from the Lady Franklin. Svrheme Counr.—In the case Isathau v, Wilson, the court took timo to consider the arguments. A new trial in the case Venil v. De La Hunt wasrefated. Biiiouton.—Dr. Butler aud Mr. 15. C. Gunn are candidates for the seat vitcated by Mr. Walker, who has proceeded to Englaud. TiEtotal.—The annual meeting of the ^aiBmauian Teetotal Society of Launceston was held on Thursday evening, Oth lust, when a report was reud showing that upwards of 400 persons had signed the pledge during tbo year, and that ihe .society was in a vei-y favourable condition. IJtarti have been made during tbe year to decreuse the debt on the Hall, which is now reduced to tlOO. Tho officers for the preient year were choscn, viz.-llcv. Charles Price, resident; Rev H. Howling, aad Messrs- Isaac Sherwin and J. Norwood, vice Piesidents ; Mr W. S, Bonner. Secretary; and Mr. J. T Bonner, Treasurer, with a committee ot . . At t t),c the c]oee close 0t of tne the meeting n • kg wn9 jv(,n l0 tUe officers and committee for - the past * year, The Isle or Pines—TIio Juno, which has just arrived at Sydney from I~! a nd, brin»s intelligence that the French frigate Constantino had arrived there, and he commander had taken possession of it in tbe name of France, attended with tho usual formalities. . ., , Muddy PL»i»s.-I-«t Sunday- Ihe vigilant police of that locality, c«ptur< d won.™ enraged in fuloni us practices at Muddy Plains. They proved to be ab»cMdc-r», one iauied Wollepcral'tj from H. M- Hospi- Li nnd the other. John Inman, troro the Engineer d^partmeut. They had taken a boat at this port, and prodded down the river to South Arm, where they effected a landing, and journeying onwards to Muddy piainsfcommiited the robbery for which they are now in custody. . Kanoaboo Point. — Serious complaints are now being made, both by raries and visitors a. to tho very rad con dition of the Government \Vharf at me ^ ^ ^ " m r i ^ - ^ /it'^ ie born. »n mind. L ^ ^ V h o Colonists w ' mou , d *)or tUe n^ro asking ot it. duty to notify all public wants. ° Tbb Grass Grub.—W. SwainBon, Esq., F.R.S., a gentleman of deserved celebrity at home, a very eminent writer on all subjects of natural science, nnd'sow under temporary professional engagements in this colony, to the Government, for the development of important topics of Tasmanian natural history, hnejuBt addressed a most valuable communication to our city journals on the extermination of tbo grass grub, which is to veil knoun to destroy the leaves and roots of the common rye-grass to such an extent as to eradicate the plant altogether This insect has rapidly increased of into years, and uow threatens to destroy whole paddocks, llr. Swainson submits his excellent observations on what he considers tho best method of checking its further increase, if not of wholly extirpating it, round Hobart Town. Mr. Swainson proceeds:—"Without understanding scientifically ihe natine of any being, whether animal or vegetable, no plan for counteracting its injurious effects cau be based on a solid foundation, From experi. ments made, I found this grub to be tbo larva or caterpillar of a species of hepialis, one of which, vulgarly called "ghost moth/' is common in England, and has derived its name from being pore white, and very often found lying at dusk in churchyards. Lil« its coagenor in Tasmania it feeds upon tki roots of grass, has, in its grub state, a larg« head,' lives beneath the ground, and roovei backwards much nioiebrieklytban forwards To destroy this insect there are three mode , which 1 shall now briefly notice. I. Tie Dchu'tion, of Ha GuA.—This can only te don o by breaking up the patches of laid they have made their habitation. As theio insects sleep during the day, and feed ony duiing tbo night, alt attempts to capture them by hand picking will be very partial aid insdequa e ; and even if their ro'rests arc broken up, and those that escupe being killed by such a process, are able to ciawl, they will find their way to the next patch of grass, and form a uew colony. The eril indeed mny thus bo checked, but not more, " The Destruction of the Moth.—We have uo entomologists," wilt their insect-catching cniomoiogitw," whoBe services 1 coukTcal/in to aid us in this attempt. Aud j even wcro such not the case, 1 Km afraid jt would be less effective than thefirst, The destruction of one female moth, iudcid, might probably be the destruction also of 2i.O or 300 eggs, hut not one in twenty could i be thus captured, and the killing of ouerootii I in twenty would be but as a drop in Mm j bucket. 3 -5'1'cra remains cnly' the h,-,t j The chiysnlis win oo lounu bi, mu uuLiutuyi the hole in V hich it lived as a caterpillar, n theu becomes torpid, inactive, aud uuerlj iucupable of seeking m-w quarters, it lurni} | up bv the j lough or spaae. Bciug a help less inactive lump, jet highly euttcpubled | tlie least change of tcmpeiature, it wnl in,, viuibly die ot itsolt, without tho least exter-1 nal injury. Thus every .ucju, a 'ad-( e" ^und'^boJi S "e. knockcd*about or harrowed, and if toued! again with "iber grasses than rye granc, I; hball be much deciivcd, it it is not covered,! in tho raiuv season, wjlli a fine clothing of youug grata. WnoLr.sAT E SrtniT Licenses.—Tuesd.,y't Gazalc notifies tbat licenses, as '• Wholesale Dealers in Wines and (Spirituous Lijuors," have bien issued to tho folluwinf individuals :—John Fisher Chopman, l'rtt lihpcrance; J.iliuLatham, New Norfolk, Nathan Mosts, & Co., Hobart. Towu ; Pat Harvey, ditto, William Cruiby, ditto. AoaicvLi mrai..— Persons desirots of sowing the real Tjmo'by grass, forihich W. Swainson, Ksq , F.K.tS.,i»dUtiU(;ai^ied ran" Mill obtain pa'ckelo of the same ou spplirit. tion at tbe Museum of the Rrfaf Society iu Harjiugtoii-street. between 5 o'clock. Anotiieb M i-eioNMty JUoisTUATr— ThoLieutenant-Governor H* been pleas^ to insert the name of tho ]/ev. John 13isbton in the Commission of he Peace for the territury.—Gazelle, F. b. 21, Acct ION Kai.ls.—Tlir/3 who thoughtfully contemplate the gr»<ua! and increasing rise Of properties in ouriity, will have some food for reflection at Ue prices obtaiued last Tuesday, by iir. Worfef—prices indued that to admirably sustain file talented — auction p e L eer's unifo.uily veiy s^cccsslui career in tlie sale of all properties »f this very important detcripiion. The prices were as follows:— Tlie lease of premises iu Liverpool-street, six and a halt yairs. at £10'< per annum lately occupied by Mrs. Gal way, for the sun of £700, to Mr. H Irlcy; aud a>sr> two houses occupiid by Mestri. ll«relay and Clemeutt, in Klizabeih-strcotiwith the ground adjoining, forming l"t 1> Ijr tbe mm of iiOSO, tt Mr. Chapman ; and lot 2, being a piece <f ground leading into Collins-street, 38 by 2(7 finks, bought in at £7(0. The JVoufolk Islam pitiACV Tho investigation ot all matters connected w*h fhis really unexampled pwacy, terininat'd, as wc understood, last wctk. It is coifidently believe;!, that the ptocecdings ot tliis enquiry will soon be published for gemral inhumation. And so indeed it ought n09t undoubtedly to be. Thirteen of i lie s ilders have been 'acquitted, on the groundsnow deemed justifiable, of enjovinz h soundsleep when thu safety of the M y Franklii »'"S intrusied to tbeir vigilant keeping. Well, then, it seems that men iu-atu ioritr may sometimcB nap at tlieir posts 1 The runaiu • ing three soldiers, who were on Beury at that time, are still under am st, awaiting trial by court-martial. Will they oicape, because the enemy was awake, an! too strong ? We shall see, 