THE DOG STAR AT MADRID. (Front thé Examiner, London paper.") . Though we are perpetually boasting of intel : lcctnnl progress, there is pe'rhaps us much folly ! in the world at this moment aa at any ontccc . dent period. We advance in one direction and . we raSede in another. Wc cease to liare faith in ! horse-shoes nailed to a threshold, and wc do not ! hide away broom-sticks lett old women should j xido upon them to the devil's assemblies ; but ! there is belief in spirit-rapping;', table-turning, ! and thc conversations (hereof. Ono folly gets wont out and another springs up and runs its course. Sydney Smith observed that ghosts arc no longer in tho drawing-room, but have de- scended to the servants' hall and scullery. Du- elling, we thought, in the same decline. We fancied it cs much out of fashion as ruffles, bag, wîjr, and sword. It seemed given »ip to sh p b.iys and ridicule. But wc were mistaken, it ap- pears, for we have now before ns the account of an atlliir which carries us back two or three cen- turies, and would even at that backward period have been considered as an extravagant caricaturo of a bad practice. .At a ball given by thc French Ambassador at Madrid seine remark was made upon thc low dress of ii lady, the retort upon which was, that virtue did not rise nnd full with the height of a dress, as Margaret of Burgundy would prove, with her dresi up to her throat and her morals in inverse ratio. Tho wife of the American Minister, Mr Soule, passing presently after with a high dress, the Duke of Alba, the French Emperor's brother-in law said-There goes Margaret of Burgundy. The remark applied to the costume, and did" not imply any moral imputation. Hender it into Knglish, and suppose it had been said of any laily with rcferonco to her dress-There goes Mary Qneon of Scots,-would any one have been absurd enough to suppose that more was meant than thc similarity of costume ? But the son of Mr Soule, who overheard tho remark, whomcwhat impertinent undeniably, took it as an insult conveying a gross imputation. The young man sent a challenge to the Duke the next day, and the narrativo of what passed is as follows : The Duke of Alba was greatly surprised, and throwing thc letter which had been given to him on his table, oxplaincd to thc two witnesses, of his adversary what had really passed-in fact, that it was nothing more than a simple joke ia a prix ate conversation, lie at the same time ex- pressed his great regret that a son should have considerad his mother offended at a remark which only had reference to her raantua-maker ; and ho proposed to write a friendly letter to Mr Soulo to remove from his mind tlie error under which he laboured. The friends of Mr Soule took their leave perfectly satisfied. The follow- ing mo 'liing the Duke of Alba fuund on his writing-table the letter of tho day before, and which he had not opened. Ile read it, and found that ii wat conched in terms *o violnd, to in» s ti/ring, that he tonidered himself bound to s-:nd, in turn, two of his friends to Mr Soule, jun., io demand the withdrawal of what he had just read, and to demand also that tho letter of explanation which ho himself had written should bo returned to him. Mr Soulo withdrew the in- sulting expressions bc had made uso of, and asked to bo allowed to keep the letter which he had received from the Duke of Alba, pledging at tho same timo his word of honour that he would never make uso of it, and that tho result of the affair completely satisfied him. Several days after, some Knglish papers related tho facts wo have just mentioned, but tht;i travestied them II» a nwnn'r offensive to th* 'Duke of Alba. Being irritated by these attacks, tho Duke of Allia sent General Jose do la Concha to Mr Sonic to demand reparation. He c nsented, and accepted the duel with swords, as proposed ; and the I2th of December was named as tho day. Subsequently Mr Soulo asked that the duel should take place with tho small sword, which was agreed to. He then demnnded a delay of .18 hours, which was also granted. On thc day fixed for tho duel, which was to take place in the Padro, Mr Soulo arrived, followed by six carriages full of his countrymen residing in Madrid. Though surprised at witnessing such indiscreet curiosity, which made the affair resemble a cockfight, tho seconds of tho Dnke of Alba consented, however, to tho Americans romainin;» on thc ground. Tho two adversaries tcok their ground and crossed swords. Mr Soule was continually intel rupting, and ho demanded several times n cessation, which was granted to him. At last the witnesses declared that tho duel ought to terminate, and that they would only allow five minutes more. Mr Sou Ic, jun., was slightly wounded ; and ho then pro- mised, on his word of honour, to contradict tho facts recounted in tho Knglish papers, and to cause a letter to be published to that effect in the journals of England and America. Ho also 'pledged himself to burn, in the presence of thc j witnesses, tho letter ho had received from tho I Duke of Alba. Thus terminated this affair. These were the first two acts of tho drama wc recount; now for the third, and most important. After the events just related, Mr Soule, sen., (tho Minister), wroto to tho Marquis do Turgot, the French Ambassador, nn angry letter, infooning him that it was not thc Duke of Alba ana his son who ought to have fought, but that it was he (Mr Soule) who ought to avengo tho honour of his wife, attacked by tho pleasantries which the Ambassador of France permitted himself to in- dulge in. Tho Marquis do Turgot accepted tho challenge "addressed to him. His seconds wore Lord Howdon, the English Ambassador, and General Gallier, at present at' Madrid. A third combat, tho consequence of tho two first, was also expected to take place betweon Mr Ferry, tho Secretary of the United States Legation, and thc French Consul nt Santander. Thc seconds of Mr Sonic wore General Yoldes, M. Gamindo, and M. Ficon, ono of the editors of the Clamor. Tho pistol was tho weapon. Two shots were ex- changed. Mr Soulo was not hit; M. de Turgnt fell. His adversary's ball hit him in tho leg, about threo inches above the knee. Tho wound was serious; but yet it is to bo hoped that tho lifo of our Ambassador will not bc endangered." Thus the Duke of Alba fought Mr Soulo not for anvthing Mr Soulo had «lone, said, or written, but because s->me Knglish papers had misrepre- sented or or travestied what had boen so satis factorilv settled. Tho aceount is evidently coloured adversely to tho American; indeed, we omit a passage which iß evidcntlyunfairj hut we con hardly suppose thnt tho statement of matter of fact that Mr Soulo was attonded by six car- riage loads of his countrymen can bo an inven- tion, and what extraordinary manners and morals does it argue, those persons forming a ring to see two mon trying to cut each other's other's throats about so ridiculous a bu- siness? And next tho cldors came into play with on absurdity proportioned to yenrs riper in folly. And Mr Soulo challenges tho Marquis do Turgot, not ns wo aro informed, for any word or oct on his part, but because bo had not, as master of tho house, made tho quarrel with tho Duko of Alba his own for an affront to a lady under his roof and receiving his hospitality. Imagino tho un- happy case of an Ambassador whose hard dnty it is to receive a great deal of bad company, mado personally responsible for all tho rudeness that may bo committed in his house, and bound olthor to fight tho offenders in the first Instance, or to fight tho champions of tho offended in the second. So, toencourngo M. do Turgot to give .! balls, he gets tho return of a ball in bis knee to spoil hts dancing. But the marvel docs n<X end herc. Her Ma- jesty's Ambassador at Madrid plays the part of second in this preposterous and disgraceful af- fair. Is this a fitting office for the representative of the Queen of England? Wc sh .uld really j almost as soon have expected to hear that the ! Archbishop of Canterbury had gone out os second in au affair of «/íihononr. We are not ignorant of the meritorious manner mnnner in which Lord Howdon has performed his diplomatic duties up to this disgraceful affair, aitd thc tenour of his conduct makes his devi- ation from all the proprieties the more extra: r dinary and unaccountable. It w.vuld seem in- deed, that all thc diplomatists at Madrid had gone mad together. 