THE BALTIC ENTERPRISE. front the Daily News, story 20.) The crisis of the Baltic enterprise seems near at hand. Under date of the 3d of May we hear of bitter east winds and thick falling snow; of the 4th, of Stockholm steamers running, with crowds of citizens, to see the fleet; on the 5th, of fog so thick, that the ships could not stir. In Finland, meantime, the season is mild, and vegetation is rapidly advancing. The month of May is always the season of suspense at St Peters- burg the time when, it is said that the restless Czar, who sleeps only by snatches, looks out or goes forth, almost before anybody else is stirring, to observe the aspect of his watery realm, and see which way the wind is. The suspense is about the wind and even now; in this most solemn spring season of all the fifty-seven he has known, the movements of the wind are of more consequence to Nicholas then' even those to the allies. A long continuance of strong east winds would do more for him than all the preparations he can make. A rush of west wind would ruin him more speedily and thoroughly than all his united enemies could without its help The suspense is about this. The' few is the token that the crisis is at hand The j fog precedes the breaking up of the ice in the Neva and it will be succeeded by those singular twilight nights, of tin is equalled beauty, which are the only charm of the desolate region in which St Petersburg stands. While the fog last the sentinels on the watch towers in the city layer out in vain, some towards Little Ladoga, some up the Neva, Use some towards the sea. They Total, bear something, but see nothing. So it is with the Czar, listening in his balcony; and with the care mandants at Sveaborg and at Cronstadt ; And perhaps with " our Charley," walk- ing the deck and talking to himself. as What he is listening for is the arrival of the French squadron, which will enable him to proceed to his work when the fog curtain rises. What the Russians are listening for is, first, the wind. To some it comes sighing over the peaty plains which stretch to the margin of the gulf, whence they look like a mere drift upon the waters. ^ Over that barren, bleak expanse the wind comes sighing through the rushes, with an occasional Dark oítnffVolf, or bursts of the din of the waterfowl in the pools which are already melted. To others the wind comes vibrating like mournful music through the pine forests, which, surrounding the hospital which their black belt, nowhere further off than twenty miles, approach much nearer in some directions. There are sounds which come to the ear on Way nights when the wind is from any point of the compass; for there are swamps and pine forests everywhere It is the voice' of' the waters that the watchers liston for with hearts that stand still. As long as the hollow Jhoaning goes on, the meaning of the imprisoned winds below the ice, the suspense- is complete". . Sooner or later comes? office crack, which tolls that the hour of crisis has come. The cracks of thïrlcfO'âTO'natiiraHy most impressive and 'sound' the loudest in the night. The Czar and his sentries are already on the watch ; but now the citizens rise and look in vain through the fog. Some dress and go to the wharves, and wait for the more anxious sound-the wash of the driven waters. The thing most desired is a moderate east wind and this is what usually happens. A violent east wind brings down the inland ice and flood too < fast and every inch that the waters rise above the iron rings in the granite embankment is so much danger. But the fearful thing is a strong west wind, turning back the flood on its way to the Gulf. Then it is less the swash of waters pouring down than the roar of the sea coming up and when the tides meet, the consequence is what the world saw in 1824. -The vessels that were not capsised by the meeting of the floods were carried over the wharves and stranded on the lands, which were arable fields the day before. The nine rivers and seven canals on which St. ' Petersburg is seated all overflowed a once, and the flood poured into the upper chambers of the best houses in the capital. At Cronstadt a large vessel was drifted into the main street of the, town, and left there. Every successive year adds to the perils of such chance j for every year does St, Petersburg settle lower in the swamp Amidst the stagnant silence maintained there about the disagreeable fact, this Very disagreeable, fact is well understood. The mallet is heard driving new piles incessantly that is a sound' that cannot be muffled. The blocks' of granite on the quays settle . unequally \- that is an irregularity which the martinet Czar himself cannot prohibit or punish The walls of palaces crack, and hovels sink down endways into the bog, and all the world may see them melt down or be shored up. The. destruction will be horrible some day and every inhabitant knows it, and only hopes that the place may last his time. But if a west wind should carry up, not the sea only, but those who are now riding that sea-what then ? This is what the Czar is listening for the one other sound, the boom of cannon which might for once rival in terror the roar of the sea. From Cronstadt, sixteen miles off, the spires of the Admiralty aridtheglitteriugcupolàsof St. Petersburg may be seen on a clear day. Cronstadt is nearer to St. Petersburg than Gravesend is to London. At St. Petersburg the boom of such cannon as we have sent there may be heard from Cronstadt, if we have the west wind for our herald of approach. By that time the fog will be gone, and the transparent twilight of that latitude will have set in. The admirals will then have no more time for listening like the Czar. Such a chance as that wind would fill the channels for them, and obviate their chief difficulty. A very few hours of such a tide would suffice for their attempt upon Cronstadt. The gun-boats of the enemy, ambushed among the islands, still watching with intense curiosity and awe the great floating fortifications that we have sent against their stationary one, must not, in such a case, come out, unless they would be run down and the sentries on the bastions at Cronstadt would see with dismay how rapidly the ordinary water- marks were disappearing. Such a wind would be the best of allies. But, without it, we are disposed! to believe that Cronstadt is, as estimated from the scene of action " not impregnable." We hear much of the shallows there; but it is certain that the largest Russian ships of war are built at St. Petersburg, so far as the hulls are concerned, and then brought into the Cronstadt harbours to be finished. They are brought by the old-fashioned machinery of Cam- els" down the river, and then, By means of the great ship canal at Cronstadt, into the heart of that place. That canal-the one running from the Middle Harbour holds ten large ships of war at once. The shallows before Acre were thought to be an insurmountable difficulty before Sir C. Napier made a wreck of that marvelous fortification. We shall soon see whether, with the added resources of fourteen years of naval improvement, he cannot deal with the Shallows of Cronstadt. The Czar per- in his na sounding of the Neva. Tit sound the Neva is death to Russian subjects; but it is given out that the average depth is nine feet on the bar, and twelve within. We all know what Russian figures are worth, and we may be sure that the shal- lowest depth that can be believed will be the one reported. We know, too, that the range of difference between the highest and the lowest water is very great and that the period of highest water is just at hand "Charley'" knows all this and very much more; and while he is walking the deck and talking to himself; he has? his own plans for making wind and tide serve him, we may be sure. Everything is said to serve the Napiers (as it generally serves other people when they are at their work. And the watcher at the other end of that Gulf, who knows all this, and very much more, how is it with him Thus far in life he has never heard the truth on ethical subjects-has never conceived that he could be in the wrong-has never doubted his being able, if he chose his time well, to do what he would, in and with the world. is the transparent twilight of the spring night the time when the reality is of his own mind and life is to dawn upon him As the fog draws off, is it carrying away the cases of passion and delusion which have hitherto clouded his mind? In that dim light do the (ghosts of his evil deeds rise before him, and promise to sit ; heavy on his soul to-morrow ? Do the hanged come down from their gallows, and the knocked up from their bloody bed and the buried alive from the depths of the mine and the exiled from the shores of the Polar Sea ? Are the women of Warsaw there, demanding their children with heart-broken voice? Do the insane shake the chains-at him?. Can the noble and serf for once speak their minds to him? Does the " sick man," not dead, come and show him his brawny arms? Is this the vigil that the despot keeps while listening for the booth of our cannon ? If so, he is calling upon all his saints to help him. But to the hollow hearted, saints, and diviner beings than, saints, are but ghosts also. To so great a sumer, in the hour when fear brings conviction, there is nothing present but his sins-the whole array of them prom- sing to sit " heavy on his soul to-morrow." Who will not pity him"? 