HOW I SPENT MY CHRISTMAS. On Christmas day I was smoking My pipe; and was merrily joking with a friend--who some fun was poking At me, upon Christmas day. He asked me some dinner to take, sir, Which cost him a shilling to bake, sir; I went, just for company's sake, sir, And because I had nothing to pay. The dinner we polished quite handy, And after, discussed lots of brandy; And then, just to do the thing dandy, An invite he gave to the Play. The very next night to the Vic., sir, We went, and, oh! wasn't I sick, sir; As soon I'd have gone to old Nick, sir; But then, I had nothing to pay. The Pantomime over, and done, sir, Straight homeward I meant for to run, sir; But my friend, a true son of a gun, sir, Insisted that longer I'd stay. "At Jones' " says he, "there is fish, sir, And every thing you can wish, sir; There's oysters, come, pray take a dish, sir; You know you have nothing to pay." And then said, "my boy, let's be merry; So he called for a bottle of sherry, In which he intended to bury, His troubles and cares for the day. We talked, and we drank there together; My head got as light as a feather; The truth is, I didn't care whether, Myself or my friend had to pay. I hiccuped with mouthful of foam, sir, And whistled, "although you may roam," sir, "The devil a place there's like home," sir, As down on the pavement I lay. But when I awoke, I soon found, sir, "My lodging was on the cold ground", sir; The constables put me in pound, sir, Because I had nothing to pay. Brought up, I was quite in a funk, sir, When the Bench asked--pray, now, were you drunk, sir? I answered, NO! grave as a monk, sir, At which they said, "take him away." No money you have, nor yet bail, sir; Your conduct has been very frail, sir, For which we will send you to gaol, sir, And THERE you'll have nothing to pay. 2ND RIFLE CORPS.--His Honor the'] Chief Justice is ab mt to issue a New Rule, I requiring all candidates for admission as At- torneys'to form a second Rifle C-rps.^ (t ims been a public impression for a long time that they will form an excellent " ti ¡fie" Brigade. LIGHT READING.- From the extra- ordinary influx of Chinese business at the Police Office,' we strongly recommend Mr Dowling to tongue, which would greotly facilitate proceed» devote his leisure hours to tho study of the Chinese inga. We have a cony of Peter Pindar's " Won- ders of The Celestial World", which we shall be happy to lend the learned gentleman, and which may probably assist him in his studies. - ; > FISH HO ! T*he inmates of a board- ing-house, nt; the- Glebe, the other«. ,day, after luxuriating :in a repost, of which mackerel formed -the: first courso. were suddenly seized with symptoms denoting the presence of. poison. Agonising qualms were succeeded . by blotchings and swellings extending over- the- entire person; and it was ut-fi st feared,* that the eaters of fish were fated to " hook" it. Medical aid was, how* ever; speedily called in, and .such n fatal catas- trophe- hnppily averted. . .We wonld remind lovers of fish that, in consequence of the Sydney Fishery,Company having ^recently., bec imu de- funct, a plentiful supply of the finny inhabitant's* of the deep may he confidently reckoned upon;, and hence arises-.the- necessity fora grcator de- gree of caution being oxcrcised by tho purchaser of this description of foúd, which a modern-phi-" losopher bas, tn pur opinion, truly designated "congealed salt'water".;"-.'.. -...'' FINS' ARTS-T^-We . have been favored with à view of a chalk portrait,-hy the celebrated Herhert Travis, a. pupil of the world-renowned Reercoska; ;We cann t speak of the accuracy of the likeness, being almost a stranger to thc person, though not altogether to the fame of tho gentleman whom 'it represents. AR a work; of art, the execution far .stn passes.anything of the kind wo hav.o, previously, inspected, . Tho artist hrjs. soiled thojiappy mbirieht-when hiB sitter is endeavouring to light.'h¡B-pipc nt tho buntr-holo ofj a.Porter barrel; and,- n.3 wo before-motttiniied, álnmp of.chnlk is ti\c «nlo'Iustfument wiih which .thp" h'fc-like} representation ha' been produced. Wi? mày.ndij that1 in order tv» enhance, thu effect, the. v'. ttraiti is .depictured' upon tho identical barrel; whichX witnessed thia ' astuunding - feat of if doable, sig^u" i . ;BÚTCHE¿Y''or GKKTEKAT»' ïiotis.-ÏAt the last . rai|sfcrof Publican's Licenses Sen-dons, Mh-Jloss apgcslod^o Mr Geo. Hill as to whether thAf.werO'not'.,too,niany, .public houses in tho cioy.- . "I-teli1 you ; what it is", quietly replied his matter of fact friend, "if there wcro fewer linon- drapors' shops, and moro public houses -jn- Sydnoy, wo should bo.in. ft. Car moro ?prpiçemusjconditicn,:!; . ..-*«>.' ,"y> *. «HA r.f-!' DISSOLVING VIEWS O» AUSTRAIIA-Í. Whatever may be raid hj. political reform. » . about the présent ag«; we - have no hem at ¡on ht calling ita Di« as well as a Pa xornm.e 4gb. From recent hnglish papers we perceive that there are it present being exhibited at leant 'five or BÍX i different " Dissolving Views of Au>tialia,' We ¡ have <inr Wie» about Australia as well as the«o artistic gentlemen, and beg to propose tho fol- lowing novel and striking Tubleiiux, taken we Hatter ourselves, much nearer " ou thc spot " than theirs TABLEAU 1. - The P uni» h ni'nt of Crin.r_ Bit.gi ir is seen breaking into a house and steal- ing thu silver spoons, which dissuives into TABI.KA.IJ 2. Th« Burglar at work in Van' Dicman's Land, adorned with fetteis. . TABLEAU 3. -Thou-ihttrttn'tt /{rprowd. Generous bat imprudent father is se.en. giving a large'slim of money Into tho hands of his >cape g>nce son,"in the belief that he intends emigrating iiumedhvoly.to Australia ; which dissolves int. TABLEAU 4.-Generous but imprudent father meets tho filial scapegrace late 'at night in th<9 ; liny market, 'and from tile pale and -dissipated - appearance of the latter imagines it mu.-t be tho ghost of his darling hoy, who should have been in Australia two months previously.' TABLEAU 6. - ? Ku thulium». Uadrraifd. - Yoting man. is about to emigrate with twenty pounds, intending to return in five years wita sufficient money to purchase an entire counrv, which dissolves (niter a supposed lapse of ten years) into '-IV BLE AU. 8. - Young man retnrning to his log hut, wet through, and abusing his wife, whu comes to meet him, because, the kangaroo is n.t stewed, and none of tho cold opossum Is left. TABLEAU 7.->-b'oliy liiriicwd. - Old woman with five good sized encumbrances cmigrntes ta Australia for the purp: se of getting married s scene dissolves imo TABLEAU 8-Being the " I-ast épptnl.'' The proprietress of tho five encumbrances is be iiig,refused for the third and last tims by one of the Aborigines. . ,.: CAUTION . TO ' SNAKES. -- Yesterday afternoon while . Piukescniiery was chopping wood for tea, in the back-yard, he was bitten by a snake which had concealed' itself iu a bellow lug. 7'A* Snakf ritVrf. CLOSE CONFINEMENT.-Live within your means,", says the atinge. . . ' The chap that lives within the circum- ference of nothing nt all, must be pretty, well cramped,'wc should say. .'. ,' . :>, CAN'T BE CIIOÄED ÖF'P.-."Stop your crying," said an enraged father'to liisson»whi had kept up an intolerable "yell'' for the past five minutes; "»top, I say, do you hear?" again relented the father, alter a few minutes, the boy still crying. . " Yon don't suppose I can chok« "off in a minuto, do you," chimed in the hopeful urchin. . ? ? . When does a young lady try to win moro than seven beaux at once? . When she triei tb /mein-nte (fasten eight). BLOQUENT Ê:tTnA,ot.-The sea is the largest of all cemeteries, and its slumberer sleep withuus n monument. All grave-yards in all other lands show symbols, of distinction between the great and the small; thc rich and the poor; but in that ocean cemetery the king and the clown, iii« prince and tho peasant, are ull alike undistin- guished. The waves roll over all-tho same requiem sung .by. the . minstrelsy of the ocean ii sung to their honour. Over their remains the samo storm beats, and the same sun shine; and there, unmarked, the weak and the powerful, the plumed and unhOBOUrcd, .will sleep on, until awakened by the same trump wheu the sea shall give up its dead. 