AGRICULTURE AND GRAZING. (Sydney Morning Herald.) ONE of the most gratifying symptoms of the steady and growing prosperity of South Australia is in the constantly increasing sale of Crown Lands. We find from a recent journal that the rates for the current year only have reached the large sum of £260 000 and it is confidently expected that the amount will be raised to £300,000 at the expiration of the year. The Adelaide Weekly Despatch says : " This conclusive evidence of the rapid and bona-fide settlement of our province cannot fail to satisfy the most sceptical that is prosperity in proceeding and increasing on the most sure of all grounds, namely, a freehold interest in its soil. There can be nothing ephemeral in these investments in land. Their character,*'practically, is altogether that of permanence and solidity, and we see in them all that one strong feeling borne out, and working in every direction, which may be translated thus : . We have found our gold in Victoria, but we make the home for ourselves and for our wives and children in South Australia The result is that upwards of £70,000 is to be added to the sums already destined to promote emigration from England to Adelaide " We took occasion at the time of the panic produced by the gold discovery to express our confidence that the natural attractions of the central colony of Australia would prove the panacea for those temporary city which had overtaken her; and we founded that confidence upon the simple and immutable principles of Free Trade. We argued that the desertion of the colony, by reducing the price of real property, would, by a natural reaction, attract the capital of those who might be fortunate at the mines; and events have borne ust out, not more completely, however, than any one acquainted with the operation of the law of supply and demand would naturally have expected. South Australia, comparatively free from the inconveniences of the squatting system, and now likely to become the channel of a large share of the internal trade of the continent, has a brilliant future before her, and she can afford to forbear envying the more conspicuous but less sound prosperity of her eastern neighbour, Victoria. But a more general and extended contemplation of the various resources and predictions, and the peculiar local circumstances of the three com cinema! colonies and of Van Diemen's Land will lend to, other and still more gratifying anticipations. It is not hazard once to predicate that for many years to come in large proportion of the waste lands of New South Wales will remain devoted to pastoral purposes To slip the graphic expression of one of our coiitcinpnrnrie«. New South Wales is not unlikely to become M mutton farm to the other provinces of the Australian Group; and, alilinuith we are fully alive to the necessity of «.iicnursjriiig the agricultural settlement of the country, has natural features and its social peculiarities indicate that this process must be comparatively slow. There is, however!, no reason to grumble at this. A mutton grass not so very bad a concern, especially when it is considered that the market must be continually increasing in extent, and that every year will facilitate the conveyance of sheep and banks to that market. The agricultural settlements of South Australia will, by means oflheopening-up of the internal navigation, become the customers of the remote squHtlina establishments of New South Wales. As men increase and multiply, as sheep and cattle will be required in greater numbers for consumption and where are they to he maintained hut in the squattages of the unsettled districts? The population of' a country cannot live upon corn and wine alone. Most must he bad and thus, in one most important particular, the future press purity of (de HKricnliuinl colony of South Australia depends largely upon the prosperity of the grazing interests of New South Wales. We have been led to make these remarks partly by the tiiiteiisoiiiilile outcry which has from time to time heel) granted against the squatters, and has recently been revived, to serve the effects of a political faction, which, in the weariness of its pin unship, would uproot Hn(I destroy one of the most important, pay, an india pensable element of the prosperity and greatness of this country. The Ghosts of the 'squatting system will, in the nature of illness, be got rid of. I lie force of circumstances is greater than that if legalised more lively and the grazier must in process of lime recede before the ploughman and the gardener but it is the merest folly to cry down " the pastoral interest" as a class, are to draw invidious comparisons hearing the development of any particular branch of national industry in one colony and its apparent stagnation in uno ther. As reasonably might our croakers complain ? hal tile sugar plantations and cotton fields of Louisiana do not teens with facto ties and engine-houses like the West Riding of York shire. 