COLUMN FOR YOUNG FOLKS. THE DROPPING CAVE. (Continued from our last.) The rest of the adventure wonderfully resembled a dream. On returning to consciousness, he found that the gloom around him had given place to a dim red twilight, which flickered along the tides and roof like the reflection of adistant,jfife. He rose, and grasping his staff, staggered forward, * It is he, 4 P shall find an open ing aniong the rocks of Eathie, and return home over the hill.’ Instead, however, of the expected outlet, he found' the passage terminate in a won derful apartment,, so vast in extent, that though »n immense fire of pins tress, whole and unbroken from root to -branch, threw -up a red- wavering iheet of flame many yards iu height, he" could see in some places, neither the walls nor the roof. A cataract, like- that of Foyers during the long coutinued rains of an open winter, descended in thunder from one of the sides, and presenting its broad undulating front of foam -to the red gleam .•I fire, again cfcapcd into darkness through a wide trokeu-edged gulf at the bottom-. The' floor of the apartment appeared to he thickly strewed with human hones, half-burned and blood-stained, and gnawed as if by. cannibals ; and directly in Iront of the fire there was a low tomh-like erection of dark colored stone, full twenty yards in length, md roughened with grotesque hieroglyphics, like those of a Runic obelisk. - An enormous mace of iron, crested-with rust and blood,'reclined against the upper end ; while a bugle of gold hung by a chain of the same metal- from a column at the bottom, Willie seized the bugle, and winded a blast till the wide apartment shook with tho din ; tho waters of the cataract disappeared, as if arrested at their source, and the ponderous, cover of the tomb began to heave and cackle, and pass slowly over the edge, as if assailed by the tcrriffic strength of some newly awakened giant below. Willie again winded the bugle; the cover heaved upwards, disclosing a corner of the chasm be neath • and a hand covered with blood, and of such fearful magnitude as to resemble only the sonceptions of Egyptian sculpture, was slowly ti retched from the darkness towards thetwndleor the mace. Willie’s resolution «gave way, and, flinging down the horn, he rushed hurriedly to wards the passage. A yell of blended grief and indignation burst from the tomb, as the immense cover again settled over it;. the cataract came dashing from' its precipice with a heavier volume than before; and a furious hurricane of mingled wind and spray, that rushed' hdwliug from the interior,' weli-nigli'. dashed the adventurer: against ike sides of the rock. Ho succeeded, however, in gaining the passage, sick at; heart, and nearly petrified with terror ; a state of imperfect con icieusness succeeded, like that of a feverish dream,, in which he retained a sort of Half conviction that he was lingering in the damps and. darkness of the cave, obstinately and yet unwillingly ; and, on fully regaining his-recollection, he found him iriflying on the ninth cistern, with the fragments of the broken bottle on the one side, and lus buck thorn staff on the other. He could hear from the opening the the advancing waves against the rocks, and qb'leaping to the bench below, found that his exploratory journey liad occupied' him a whole day.- . .. The adventure of Willie Millar formed, at one time, one of the post popular tradition of Gro- ; marty. It was ! current ahiPhg the dlalJhin not mors than eighteen years’ago, wjien- the cave was. ezplorala second-time, but wtih a very different result, by a hoy of the schdol in \vlucli the writer of these legend’s Jiiad "the misfortune of being re garded us tho greatest 'dunes and truant’ of his' time. The chitractey, of Willie forms the best possible commentary on'his story—the character’ of the boy may,yjhrhhpg, throw aome little light his, . When jn his twelfth year, lay was-by far ihc most inquisitive little feilowdii the place. His' miosily was insatiable,’' ,He had broken jiia toys when a child, that lie might, sec how they were constructed - and 'a watch, ’which' the otvner had’ thoughtlessly placed within-his reach, narrowly, escaped a. similar fate. , He dissected--PrOgs amp mice, in the hope df 'dVscbVmng the seat of life ; and when one day found dibbling at the edge of a ipring, he said he was trying,-to penetrate',to. the •ource of water. His schoolmaster nicknamed him ‘the Senachicy’-for the ■stofics wifh'wfiiclr he beguiled his classfellows f 6f their 'tasks, were without end r or ‘ 'hiirhT)6r‘.-' ? ‘’T he ivcif'hhoiirs”eailed him ‘Philosopher/ for he could’point out ti/e star «f the pole, with the great,hear , that, continually vaiks rouud it and lie used, to affirm liiat there might be people, in (he, j;ioon, nnd that the huge .-earth -is only ;a>'iplaffct.r. (Having 1 heard the legend of V/iHie-Millar; be* act Out one ‘ !a y to explore the'chve ; and- ivlien he returnee! lie hwl to tell that the legend-was'a ific-iYj legcifd/nnd that the ertve, thongli ■ not.*s l hfiii fc‘ its wonders, o»ed, like Hie great ones of the earth, much of its celebrity to the fears and the ignorance of man kind. . , . , . ~ In climbing into the vestibule, of the recess, his eye was attracted;!# a piece, .of beautiful IfiCe work, gemmed by the-damps of-the place, and that {fretohed over a hollow in one of tho sides. It was not, however, a work of magic, but merely the web of a field-spider, that, from its ae-quain tanoe with lines and, angles, seemed to ha-ve dis covered a royal road to geometry. The petrifying spring next attracted his notice. 1 He saw the mosses: hardening into limestone—the steins already congealed, and the upper shoots dying that they might;become immortal.. ” And there came into his mind the story of one Niche, of whom he had read in a school-book'; 'that like the springs of the’ cave w'ept herself into stone, and the story too of the half-man half-marble prince of the ara bian tale. ‘ Strange, ’ thought the hoy, ‘ that these puny dwarfs of the vogitable kingdom should become rock and abide for ever, when its very giants, the chesnut trees of Etna and the cedars of Lebanon, moulder away in the deep solitude'of their forests, and becomo dust or nothing,’ Lighting his torch, he proceeded to examine the cavern, A few paces brought him. to the first cistern. He found the white table of marble in : which it is .hollowed raised knee-height over the floor, and the surface fretted into little cavities by the continual dropping, like, the surface of a thaw ing snow-wreath when beaten by a heavy shower; i As he strided over the ledge, a drop foom above extinguished his torch -he groped his way back and rekindled it. He had seen the first cistern described by the adventurer ; and of course all the others, with the immense apartment, the ca taract, the tomb, the iron mace, and the golden buglo, lay in the darkness beyond. But, alas | when he again stepped forward, instead of the : eight other hollows he found the floor covered with one continuous pool, over which there rose fast contracting walls and a descending roof; and. though he pressed onward amid the water that splashed below, and the water that fell from above —for his curiosity was unquenchable, and his. clothes of a kind which could not be made worse ; —it was only to find the rock closing hopelessly before him, after his shoulders had at once pressed against the opposite sides, and the icicles had passed through his hair. There was nopossibility of turning round ; and so, creeping backwards like a crab, he reached the first cistern, and iu a moment after stood in the lighted part of the ; cave. His feelings on the occasion were less me lancholy than those of tho traveller, who, when standing beside the two fountains of the Nile, ‘began in his sorrow to treat tho inquiry con cerning its source as the effort of a distempered fancy.’ But next to the pleasure of erecting a ’ is the pleasure' of pulling one down ; and he felt it might be so even with regard to a piece of traditional history. Besides, there was a newly-fl,edged thought which had” come fluttering round him for the first time, that more than half consoled him under his dis appointment. He remembered that when a child no story used; to please him that was not both ■marvellous and true,^ —that a fact was ns nothing to him disunited from the wonderful, nor the won deful disunited- from- the fact. But the marvels .of bis childhood had been melting away, one after one,—the ghost, and the wraith, and the fairy had all disappeared ; and tho wide world seemed to -spread out before him a tame and barren, region, where truth dwelt in the forms of common-place, and in these only,' lie now felt, for the first time, that it ,was far. otherwise.;, and 4hat so cra ving an instinct, instead of perishing-for lack of ' sustenance, would bo fed as abundantly in' ihc ■future by philosophy' and the, aristas it had been ■in the past by active imaginations, and a super stitions credulity. ■ > The path which, immediately" after losing it self’on the beach where.it passes .the cave, rises’ by a kind of natural stair to the top of tho preci pices, continues to ascend till it reaches a spring of limpid water, which comes gushing out of the , side of a bank covered with, moss and (daisies ; and which for more than a century 'lias beep known -to the town’s-people by the name qf the Fiddler’s Well.- Its waters are said to be- -medi cinal, and there is a pretty tradition still 'extant of ,fcha circumstance through which their virtues Were first discovered, and to which the spring’ owes Usf name,. Two young men of the place, who were much attached to each other, were seized, aLnearly the same time, by consumption. - ; Ip one > the progress • of the disease was ; rapid—he - died - two', months after he was attacked by it; while the-other, though wasted ’almost to a shadow, had Vet' strength enough left to follow The ehrpsc ' of his r l)'r6thor to-the grave. The name of the’survivor was Fiddler—a name stiff common ajp'ong the sea faring men of the town,' ; On the evening, of.Hip in-; tmncntjho felt oppressed and unhappy; his imagi-: .nation Was haunted by h-thonsand feverish shapes' -of copea gtavos, with hones mouldering round their edges, and of coffins, with ihoir lids displaced; .and, after lie [had fallen asleep, tho image?,"'which were, still the same, hecamo more ghastly and horrible., morning, however*, they Imdadl vanished;- and he dreamed 1 that he was walking (ilohe by the seashore] in a clear and beautiful day in summer;- Suddenly, as -lie thought, some person stepped' tip behind, jand whispered in his car, iu the voice of his decrqsed companion, ‘ Go oil", Willie ; t shall meat yoh at Stormy:’’ Tltevo is a rock 'in-tho neighbourhood of Fiddler’s Wells so called, from • the Violence With which , tlio sea beats against it when the wind blows strongly from the east. On hearing the voice he turned, round, and, seeing no one, ho went oh, as he thought, to the place named. ih 'tho hope of meeting his friend, and sat down on a r bank to wait his coming; but he waited long—lonely and dejected ; and then re membering that he whom he waited for was dead, ’he tbursf'intb tears. At this moment a large field bccj came, humming from the west and began to fly ! about his head. Ho raised his hand' to brush it away ; it widened its circle, and then oaine : humming into' his ear as before. Ho raised his hand a second time, but tbo bee would not be ,scared off; it hummed ceaselessly round and round' him/until at length its mnrraeringa seemed to be fashioned into words, articulated 'in the voice of his deceased companion,‘Dig,"Willie, and drink'!’ it said ; ‘ Digj Willie, and drink ! ’ He accord ingly set himself to dig, and no sooner bad he torn a sod out of the ’bank than a spring of clear water gushed from the hollow ; and the beo tak ing a wider circle, and humming in a voice of triumph, that seemed to emulate the sound of a distant trumpet, flew away. He looked after it, but as ho looked the images of.’his dream began to mingle with those of the waking world ; the scenery of the Hill seemed , obscured by a dark cloud, in the centre of which there glimmered a faint light ; the rooks, the sea,.tho long declivity, fkdod into the c)ond ; and turning round he saw only a dark apartment, and tlio faint beams of : morning shining in at a window!. He rose, and after digging the well, drank of the water and re covered. ’And its virtues are still celebrated ; for, though- the water he ouly .simple water,- it most be drunk in the morning and as it gushes’ from the bank ; and with pure air, exercise, and oarjy rising for its auxiliaries, it continues to work eures.—Hugh Miller: 1 1 •’ 