VAN DIEMEN'S LAND CONGREGATIONAL UNION. The Services in connection with the Union, as previously announced, commenced on Tuesday evening at Collins-street Chapel, when a devotional meeting took place, presided over by the Rev. W. Waterfield. Suitable hymns were sung and prayers offered during the evening, and short addresses delivered by the Rev. J. M. Strongman. of New Town, on "The Legitimate Aims of Christian Association ;" and the Rev. C. Price, of Launceston, on " Piety an indispensable requisite to the success of Independent Churches." A public meeting was held on Wednesday evening at Brisbane-street Chapel, when Rev. F. Miller, Chairman of the Union, took the chair. Various Ministers Deacons, and Delegates of the Congregational body were present, among them the Revs. C. Price, W. aw, Nesbit, Clarke, Waterfield, &c.; &c.; After singing and prayer, The Chairman said they were met in connection with the Van Diemen's Land Congregational Union, and it devolved on him to bring under their notice a brief statement embracing the original constitution of the Union, and certain revised arrangements under which they proposed to act, after which they hoped to listen to addresses from their valued br,. thren on important subjects. Mr. Miller then read from the minute by' k the original constitution at the formation of the Union, which took place at Launceston on the 11th September, 1837; and then intimated that the revised organisation under which they now met had been agreed to in which they had derived aid from an examination of the revised constitution of the Congregational Union of England and Wales (1852), and, more recently, of the Congrega- tional Union of South Australia, for information respecting which they were indebted to the Rev. Mr Stowe, on his visit to this colony at the early part of thepresont'yenr; and he took the opportunity of observing that South Australia was first to adopt in these colonies the system of annual delegation -'horse The secretary (Rev. J. Nesbit )then read 1 the revised rules now in operation ; after win eli ' The Chairman had Mingly to add that it might be interesting to the friends to mention that at the meeting of Delegates, held that afternoon, the officers and executive committee had been elect d. Mile read the list. The Rev Mr. Law. ascending the pulpit, then delivered an excellent address on the New Testa- ment Doctrine in Church support, direct rag his remarks chiefly to the consideration of the sense in which it might be termed voluntary. The term voluntary, he ob evved, is not altogether unobjectionable, but its plain and simple meaning is, that whatever was done, was not done under its 'medium compulsion ; as used by Independents, however it conveyed the idea of a cheerful willingness to aid the cause of Christ. The enquiry was whether the great founder of the Church had left it to the fostering care of earthly kings, as a help- less orphan without claims, friends, or rights in an inhospitable-.woild, or had he confided its proper support and propagation to the freewill offerings of those who were obedient to his claims ? One of the distinguishing principles of Independents was the sole headship of Jesus Christ to his Church. He is not only the head of his churches, but the only head. And the Bible is his statute book. No acts of council, decrees of synods, or assemblies of divines, could overrule its authority, nor any minutes of conference, except those of the one in Jerusalem by inspired men. When the Redeemer was upon earth he availed himself of any oppor - tunity, wherever men were found willing to be taught, Jesus made known his Father's will. This mode, followed by the apostles also, would entail but little expense, and require no fixed place of assembly. He went on to show the circumstances under which the earlier Clmsliaus were accustomed to assemble together for worship, adducing numerous examples from sea rapture and the earlier history of the church to shew the great simplicity that characterised the attempts to propagate and establish the faith in those days. Taking up the question of the difference between the nature of the kingdom of Jesus, in, but not of, this world, and the kingdoms that are properly of it, they were remarkably contrasted. The kingdom of Christ is essentially spirits in its nature ; it is " not meat and drink, but righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost.'' earthly kingdoms rela e to and govern the outer man ; the domain of Christ is the inner man the soul. Eai tilly kingdoms are abstained by conquest, compact, or delegation ; their state is outward and visible ¡ they admit of and require subordinate authorities, tried counsellors but the kingdom of Christ is invisible-it ' com the not with observation.'' He rules alone, and in every part of his dominion. Earthly kingdoms are supported by the sword, and the roar of cannon, or the rattle of musketry is the, method of reason and conviction ; oftentimes rapid and decisive in drawing an inference, or enforcing an argument. But the weapons employed by Christ are not carnal. Love is the great weapon j the sword of the Spirit is the world. His victories are those of grace, his, enemies The transforms to friends. He does not destroy life, but saves it. His standard is not stained by any blood save his own, nor wet with any terms save those he weeps for lost souls is the emblem of peace and righteousness and the gathering point of the nations. The resident of Peter is supported by many historical examples, to some of which touching allusions were made. It was therefore wrong to force men to contribute to its support. God hates " robbery for a burnt offering." His word does notsinction distraint for Church rates. If the beautiful parish church is fast hastening to decay, or its spire which has long pointed heavenwards is becoming giddy with its elevation, 'let those who worship in it subscribe willingly to its repair, but it never can be right to send men with swords and staves to commit a legal robbery for the good of souls, the glory of God, and the salvation of the porker. Hut improvement was drawing nigh. The injustice of taxing men of all religions, and of none, for the support of some favoured sects, was becoming obvious. And even the most devoted adherents of the firm., state »,-:-»II- <?- 21 - ' ... ?- .' was j ..u".j..u "wn, thriving, and the mu mee mile it must be placed upon another footing. He would pass on to consider the great question of mines solid support. It would be unnecessary to show that the ministry is a divine institution. It is not a priesthood or a trade, but an office instituted for a specific purpose. The question then was whether the ministry was or was not to derive its support from earthly kingdoms. Was at the duty of Caesar to build palaces tor and pay salaries to the ambassadors of another kingdom. The argument from 1 Cor. ix. 13-14 was dwelt upon at considerable length, and lucidly expounded, and the claim of the pastor to the comforts and conveniences be- fitting his position vindicated. Upon whom were these claims urged ? Certainly not upon the State. Adverting to the example shown by the Apostle Paul, the speaker said that the only time in which he seems to have come in contact with the State of Corinth was on the occasion of his appearance before Gallic- Gallic was a man of shrewdness as well as carelessness. He took cognisance of overt acts, " wrong and wicked lewdness," but when they troubled him with disputes about their dogmas and doctrines, he wisely " drove them from his judgment seat." If modern magistrates were to act in the same way it would relieve them from many questions of " words and names," respect- ing baptismal regenerate n and rights of conversation which materially obstruct them in the proper duties of their office, judgment in matters of " wrong and wicked lewdness." Gallic was willing to protect the preacher so long as he did no " wrong nor wicked lewdness," but be was as careless about his support as he was about the orthodox interpretation of the Jewish law. It was then on the church at Cot with, the saints in Christ Jesus, that the claims of the ministers were heard. Nor is there throughout the whole of the New Testament a single passage authorising or allowing the unholy union of the blade of Christ with the kings and rulers of the world, or directing her ministers to the Chancellor of the Exchequer as a proper party to furnish breidtothe shower, or permitting them to ask the magistrate to settle matters of disputed doctrine. The advocates of the opposing system, however, have it on the principle of expediency. . He would not undervalue the security afforded by their plan. It was doubtless very expedient for some to be so provided for. He would not rail against them on the principle that the grapes are sour, for in those colonies Independents could become the recipients of State pay if their convictions of its injustice and want of accordance with the spirit and genius of Christianity were not so strong as to present an insuperable obstacle. The voluntary principle, however, build- more chapels, supports more mines frrs, teaches more children, and supports more philanthropic institutions than the State can or will. The obligation to support the ministry rests on a command of Christ. If men disregard it, ministers have no power to enforce obedience by pains and penalties, nor would they if they could. It is not voluntary in the sense that a christian may do it or not at his pleasure. The command U positive, the ordinance is of perpetual obligation. A christian minister has, a light to a proper maintenance, such maintenance being regulated by the circumstances in which he is placed, and the people among whom he labours. He ought not to live in a hovel, nor should he wish for a palace. He ought not to wear a seedy coat, or be dependent upon casual charity for a new one yet ought he not to expect jewelled robes or baronial vestments. He ought not to feel for the " purposes of purification and un enrlhlinnss," the pinching, of penniless poverty, yet must be not expect a princely income. In this age of stage-coaches and railways, steam- ships and tell graphs, he ought not to walk on foot when called to exercise his ministry in re mole places, yet must be not expect liveried nt tendencies, nor are the great man to support the dignity of the Christian pastor. The speaker confidently urged that no superior plan to that devised by Christ, and acted on by his immediate success sorscould be d vised by mar. He then entered into an earnest appeal to ministers and members of churches, and in. conclusion said that as a do nomlbution,'Independents have taken their stand upon last principles, and require no new platform of doctrine or discipline, but more faith in, their own principles ; and zeal 't in the discharge of all and a very ?> duty was doubtless wanting. Let it be seen that with the primitive forms of church government, and the primitive manner of church support, they have likewise the primitive spirit, so they are the true successors of the apostles , "but ministers be ever ready to preach the gospel, the churches contributories did those in Macedonia, and with the Missing of God, [they would yet oiTur n ransomed world at the foot of the cross as the result of Christian gratitude and love to Him whose light it is to reign. The reverend gentleman was listened to throughout the whole of his discourse, the outline of which alone we have been able to give, with the deepest interest and attention. A portion of a hymn, selected by the chairman of the Union, having been sung, the Rev. George Clarke, ascending the pulpit, addressed the meeting on the Comparative Importance of Faith unit Polity, as follows: By Faith he meant a man's religious views, or what he believed in relation to God. By Polity, the principles of church government with which he identified himself. His object was not to show what religious views he thought a christian man should hold or what policy he should observe, but to insist on the obligation of making conscience of both After (glancing at the kind of topics embraced under the head of religious faith, he proposed to notice the importance of believing one thing on such subjects and not the other; premising that the necessary condition in matters of faith was, that the thing a man believed should be true. In a great variety of ways, The true was postponed to considerations of what was current, convenient, or prescribed. The spirit of indifferentism was one of the saddest features of the times, which gave rise to anomalies on every hand. Papa's maxim Tor ci cells nutt modes of faith let bigots fight, His can't be wrong where life is in the night; seemed to be the prevailing sentiment of the day in regard to religious beliefs. A modern _ writer of merit -says ' 1 hesitate not to admit that like a small clump of violets under cover of the foxglove. a wholesome truth under- lies this absurd and mischievous doctrine, namely, that right thinking divorced from right feeling in religious matters, is but little worth to man ; but accept the maxim in its full breath and what does it mean ? What but Oil that creed is nothing, sincerity in receiving it, and conscientious conformity of life to it is everything. The question of true and false in a man's belief about God is nothing, so long as false or true, he believes that with all his heart." The rev. gentleman proceed d to notice the extension of this theory in the colonies, statesmen and christian bodies having introduced or countenanced the principle of endowing all religious opinions in these colonies, In shaping that part of their policy which touches man in his spiritual capacities, they looked with comparative indifference on its probable effect upon men's views respecting God and Christianity, He wished them to remark that this marvellous catholicity in regard to opinion and faith was only in reference to spiritual things. What a man might think of God and of His moral go eminent had. in the view of many politicians, so 1 tile practical bearing on his own character and I'ejtiny that they were willing to provide out of public resources for the teaching of any and every doctrine; but what a man might think and believe touching the earth was, in their estimation, a by no means unimportant matter. The rude peasant was pitied for the deplorable ignorance which allowed him to suppose that the moon is made of green cheese; that China is in Africa, and that the green rings which he sees in the meadows are caused by the midnight dance of the fairies. These childish and erroneous beliefs were freely referred to as dwarfing his mental stature and impeding his moral development. It would be cut ious to look into the face of the man who, in his zeal for State education, might be bold enough to propose that the public be rated to provide the teaching in some schools of such trash as this, whilst in others a different and much higher kind of instruction might be given. What then ? Was error so serious in relation to the ordinary works of God and so innocuous in reference to himself and the principles of his administration. Why not pay in- differently the scientific professor and the ignorant dare for teaching what they believed? Why interpose by law to encourage the one, and if possible put down the other ? Was it not be cause they were convinced that correct views eid something to improve' the man, to widen his sphere of usefulness to open . up to him' fuller sources of enjoyment? When chemistry, geography mechanics or astronomy, were in question, did any one in liis|Soiis"s say, ' Never mind what a man is taught or what he believes, so long as he believes it with all his heart?" No, no, that absurdity was' never found excepting association with the things of the spiritual world and he (Mr. Clarke) greatly suspected that it was chiefly because the claims of divine truth Here underrated and its practical influence on men supposed to be imaginary, that any could be met with who professed themselves willing to support by a public provision every kind of religious teaching, good, bad, indifferent and con- tradictory. This reason, to say nothing else. i e sented every attempt to put divine truth and the destinies of man into an inferior and degraded a position. After variety of powerful remarks and arguments on the subject of religious beliefs (which our space will not permit us to record. the reverend gentleman passed on to the second part of the subject, the importance of probity, or in other words to answer the question, " How far it is material that I should identify myself with some principles of church constitution, and not with others ?" How far it was of consequence that a man should make his adherence to any policy a matter of conscience just as he should his acceptance of any given ? religious views ? He would repeat his object was not so much to state what he thought true principles were, as to press on them to make conscience of matters of policy just as they would of matters of faith. What then, it might be asked, as in the other case, what should be the supreme consideration ? He presumed it was this, what where the purposes for which churches were instituted; and what constitution was in harmony with those purposes ? And here be would observe, there was as much occasion, and perhaps more, for pressing the importance on Christian men to become members of Christian churches, as to press the supreme importance of matters of faith. There was, it must be admitted, great indifference as to the subject of Christian policy. But it was easily accounted for as it was often said "Itmatleis not to what church I belong, so long as I am right in my belief: if all believe the same matters of faith, what matters whether I am an Episcopalian, a Pr csbytcrian, a Baptist, a Methodist, or an Independent ?" Now, it must be admitted this was just, in some respects, though unjust in others. I It might be taken for granted if only one's own salvation were affected ; but had it nothing to do with the influence exerted on their fellow men ? Surely the circumstance that in various sections of the church they heard the same doctrine of faith, should not make them indifferent to denominational peculiarities but inquisitive respecting them I Yet they all know with what facility some Christians passed from one ecclesiastical system to another, without thought, perhaps from here in prison, or for the sake of company, or from partiality to a particular minister. Another thing causing persons to undervalue Christian policy was the supposed difficulty in coming to any convictions on the subject. In answer to all this, he would venture to assert, what, if he had time, he could prove; granted that the form of polity with which a man has identified himself might not seriously affect his own Foul, a slight acquaintance with church his ory would show that false principles of church polity was one of the most potent causes of the corruption of I Christi n (doctrine. And secondly, that of actual misconceptions respecting the true principle of church relations had done more to destroy civil and religious liberty than any other cause that could be named. That might be rendered more clear if they were to glance at the qui 3 tons affecting church polity. 1st. What constituted the essential qualifications for organized church communion?. There were different answers to the question, but they maintained that the true scripture answer would resolve itself into a question of character, of allegiance to Christ. The man whose heart was not changed by the power of the Spirit, who was living a life in I opposition to the principles of Christianity was not fit to be a member of the Church of Christ There were, no doubt, associated churches who were careless in these matters. Iftthoy no losses what effect was produced on the purity of the church, let them bear in mind that when Constantine became the first State Protector of the Church, a large number were introduced among the members of the church, render- ing it so worldly and impure that I hardly any plain tokens remained of a line of demarcation. Now, if they took any other test than character, a mistake in this matter might open the door (of impurity of every kind in the Church of Christ. But it was important in another new. They had heard the question by the opponents of the voluntary, principle. Is he right for a congregation to elect their own minister? The question was what was meant by a congregation ? If the Church was composed of men who were true Christians they might give the answer in the affirmative i but if men of all shades of character and beliefs were meant, then they must give the opposite answer. They did not say the congregations had the right to el. at the pastor, but they did say that Christians, mon w o owned all glance to Jesus Christ, and whose conduct was in harmony with their profession, should have a voice in the election. 2nd. What was the relation of the minister and Church officers to the private members of the Church ? Did he di who has authority from the principle of apostolic succession, or from those who elected him to that Church ? Sid What was the relation of Christian Churches to each other? Had the Churches a right to govern themselves, to manage their own concerns or were they obliged to follow the dictates of other Churches? 4th. What was the relation of the Church to the civil power to support the Church institution had led to the most terrible persecutions the world had ever seen It has been truly stated by a great historian that the wars on behalf of the cr loss of ' Christ had been more bloody than any others that had ever occurred i and if they examined Church history they would come to The co- clusion that more mischief had been done to human liberties by the strife about religious policy than strife respecting faith. Mr Clarke here proposed to come to a satisfactory conclusion on the question, by putting an imaginary case; and he supposed that the wreck of the Bounty and the location of the crow, is. on Pitcairn' Island. Suppose that Adams had with him nothing but a simple bible, and that by the operation of the Spit ii of God, his heart was charge d and he became a Christian. Suppose that moved by the love of God Adams: preached her iths of the New Testament to those who surrounded him, and suppose that persons should be converted to the faith of the gospel, they form themselves into a Christian association, and appoint one of their number to be the r pieces lent or minister. They observe the ordinances of the Christian religion, the Lord's Supper-. n 1 Baptism. Stn p so that these issues had to a tin disct ve 'ed to this moment was it Adi n s duty to pic which the truth, or was he using the office of those who claimed to be the successors, of the apostles? Was preaching a monopoly of the minister? or wire the people wrong in acting on the principle of < 1 ction, taking one best suited to guide them in the way of inn li. In electing a minister, would his minis' francs be valid ? For if it was, and he had the ria fit to be their minister, what became of upon the success of I 1 take also, the case of bup t'sn nnd_theL"rd'3 supper I would the Church ' c light in meeting together to partake of the Lord s Supper, &c.; ? If they would, then lap tram and the Lord's Super cr could not be a man, any of the militia B of the Church. And so they might go on. In conclusion he urged on them the moral necess y of making it as much a matter of conscience in regard to the form of church government they espoused, as they did with regard to matters of faith. One word more ; although the question of man's faith was all important, and that of policy was in a certain sense subordinate, he would remind them that it was not enough to have a creed, or to as- sent to a principle of church government ; but it was necessary that in articles of faith, and principles of church pal ty should be harmony between them. Man's belief, although it might be right, when diverted from feeling and sympathy for religion was vain, and while they were anxious about this let them not, on the other hand, fall into the mistake that creed was a matter of little importance The meeting was then closed by singing and prayer. 