ON DESTROYING THE GRASS GRUB. To the Editor tie Daily Courier. Siesta a paper read before the Royal Society of Tasmania at their last meeting, on the, advantages that would result from the formation of artificial pastures is this island,, I alluded to a certain insect or grub, which destroys the leaves and roots of the common rye grass; and this to such an extent as to indicate the plant altogether,, ' As it appears that this insect has rapidly increased of late years, and threatens to destroy whole paddocks, it has struck me that a few remarks on what I consider the best method of checking its further increase, if not of extirpating it round Hobarton, had better be communicated through the columns of a widely- circulated newspaper, than through the Transactions of a learned body. ...... Without understanding #««*r$««Hy the nature of any being, whether animal or vegetable, no plan for counteracting its injurious effects can be based on solid foundation. From experiments made in company with Dr. Officer, as I have already stated, I found this grub to be the larva or caterpillar of A species of Sepialit, one of which, vulgarly called ghost moth, is common in England, and has derived its name from being pure white, and very often found flying at dusk in churchyards. Like its congener in Tasmania, it feeds upon the roots of grass, has, in its grub state, a large head, lives beneath the ground, and moves, backwards much more briskly than forwards. To destroy this insect there are three methods, which I shall now briefly notice. 1\. The destruction of the Grub. This can only be done to any extent by ploughing or breaking up the patch of land they have made their habitation. As these insects sleep during the day and feed only in the night, all attempts to capture them by hand picking will be very partial and inadequate and even if' their retreats are broken up, and those that escape, being killed by such a process, are able to crawl they will find their way to the next patch of grass, and form a new colony. The evil, indeed, may time be checked, but not more. 2\. The destruction of the Moth. We have no entomologists, with their insect- catching " traps " in this colony, whose services we could call in to aid us in this attempt. And even were such not the case, I am afraid it would be less effective than the last. The destruction of one female moth indeed might probably be the destruction also of 200 or 800 eggs, but not one in twenty could be thus captured, all the killing of one moth in twenty would be but as a drop in a bucket a There remains only the last method, which is, to ascertain tehan these grubs change into their pupa or chrysalis state, and then plough up the whole meadow which they may have partially destroyed. The chrysalis will be found at the bottom of the hole, in which it lived as a caterpillar. It then becomes inactive, torpid, and utterly incapable of seeking new quarters, if turned up by the plough or spade. Being a helpless, inactive lump, yet highly susceptible of the least change of temperature, it will inevitably die of itself, even without the least external injury. Thus every one in a whole paddock may stand a good chance of being extirpated. The ground should then be knocked about or harrowed, and if sown again with other glasses than rye grass, I shall be much deceived if it is not covered, in the rainy season, with a fine clothing of young grass, I will just remind such of your readers as are desirous of sowing my Bel Timothy Gram, that packets of it can still be had by applying at the Museum of the Royal Society in-Harrington-street, between 2 and 5 o'clock. I remain, Sir, Your obedient servant, W. Swainson, F.R.S., to. 23rd February, 1854. 