RAILWAYS AND THE OBSTRUCTIONISTS. To the Editor of the Sydney Morning Herald. Sir,-It would appear from the letter of your correspondent, "Senex," that he is the peculiar friend of the "illiterate-of persons who cannot read or write," and of " those who are without experience and business habits." On this account, and for their " protection and security, he wishes to make it appear that he objects to one of the wisest and best financial measures that ever was introduced into the colony-a measure which would provide the necessary capital in the colony, without any necessity of borrowing it in other countries, for the extension of railroads into the distant interior, and a security the most ample, and free from doubt, for the investment of the savings of all classes. Formerly the educated enjoyed some privileges, and a person who could read might object to be tried by the ordinary tribunals, and plead the " privilege of clergy," but now, " Senex" wishes to reverse the case, and deprive the educated of the most advantageous medium of investing their savings, that is, in Government Guaranteed Railway Shares, for fear any counterfeit shares should be taken by persons who are " illiterate" and " cannot read and write." There are certain cumbersome, troublesome formalities required whenever a £5 Government Guaranteed Railway Share changes bonds, which make it utterly " impossible for thousands and tens of thousands of persons in the colony ever to get a share. The Act of Council declares the Government Guaranteed Railway Shares to be personal property and the Directors have no power to interfere with any transfer, But when a transfer is made of a £5 Government Guaranteed Railway Share, all the formalities of a conveyance by deed, " signed, sealed, and delivered, by both the buyer and seller, and afterwards " registered" must be gone through, as if it were a freehold estate. Almost all the shareholders are anxious to have these useless formalities, which fetter the free circulation of their shares, so far removed as to allow those persons who may require it to have their shares in scrip, transferable to bearer, whilst those who prefer registed shares" may still retain them, and enjoy the exclusive privilege of voting. Surely this is a proposition so reasonable, that it is difficult to understand what possible motive anyone could have for objecting to it. "The great bulk of the inhabitants in this colony cannot possibly become railway proprietors so long as these absurd and useless regulations exist, which must be apparent to every thinking man. Those who live in Sydney could not comply with these formalities " without a serious loss of time ;" and it would be next to impossible for those who live in the country to do so. Supposing that it Averc " possible," for the buyers and sellers of shares to meet, when they wished to buy or sell the Government Guaranteed Railway Shares, at a broker's office, and there (both the buyers and the sellers to execute the conveyances, " signed, sealed, and delivered," would any broker sell single shares for the usual commission of one per cent., fill up the necessary form, and have them registered ? I asked a sharebroker the question a few days since, and his reply was that he would not be troubled with them at all." But I said, "If the £5 shares were made transferable to bearer, would you then consider it too much trouble to sell them in single shares?" His reply was " No, that would be quite a different thing, there would be no trouble about it. It would be merely exchanging the shares for the money." The public are under great obligations to Mr. Mort, for the able manner in which he has explained and advocated this measure, in a pamphlet he addressed to the Shareholders of the Sydney Railway' Company, and it would be superfluous to say more, as the immense advantages must be obvious to every disinterested person. I will now notice the objections raised by " Senex," and am glad to learn that he does not now object to any portion of the Government Guaranteed Railway Shares being made transferable to bearer on his own account, or on account of those who can " read and write," but solely, as he says, on account of the " illiterate," and those who cannot read and write," and who are " without experience and business habits." If there were any weight in this objection, it could be easily met by adding a proviso " that it shall not be lawful for any person to purchase a £5 Government Guaranteed Railway Share who cannot read or write." " Senex" appears to think that a person who cannot " read or write is quite safe in purchasing a registered share, where he, " the illiterate" buyer or seller, who cannot read or write, has to execute a conveyance " signed, sealed, and delivered and afterwards " re- gister" it. " Senex" appears to think that there is no difficulty-no risk in the transfer of £3 Government Guaranteed Railway Shares to marksmen. The Secretary of the Company would, of course, know the mark of every illiterate person who might become a buyer or seller of shares, as they would, frequently, be witnessed by persons totally unknown to him. " Senex" also appears to think that there would be no fear of a mark ever being forged-or a mark attested by some unknown or fictitious name, or a larger number of shares filled in the transfer than the vendor intended to sell, or got paid for. Frauds like these do not appear to have been contemplated by " Senex," although it must be evident to every other person that they are possible, and infinitely more easy and practicable than counterfeiting the impression of "one of the very best engraved plates procurable in London." Senex wishes to draw a distinction between Bank notes and the Government Guaranteed Railway Shares, which is a curiosity of its kind. Bank notes, he says, have been in circulation in this colony since 1857, and therefore all classes of persons are perfectly familiar with them. What are the same Bank notes, or Bank notes printed from the same plate, in circulation now that there were in 1817 The Bank of New South Wales was the only bank in existence in. 1917, and it is scarcely parallel; line there could be greater contrast between two pieces of paper (bank notes) than there is between the bank notes of 1817 and those of 1851. If a bank exchanges its note forms from time to time, what can Senex mean by saying " that from long habit they are easily known and recognized." Not only has the Old Bank, from time to time, changed its plate, but the Commercial and several other banks have also commenced issuing their notes, not from a similar place to that of the Old Bank, but from a plate as dissimilar as possible and they have also changed their note forms. If from long habit " the illiterate, and those who cannot read or write, had learned to know and recognize" the old notes. how puzzled they must have been with the new impressions. The notes " printed from the most costly plates would be quite a new thing, and practically speaking of what value would the costly engraving be in protecting a man who cannot read or write, and whoever, if able to read and write, would be imposed upon from his actually never having seen the genuine document with which to contrast the counterfeit presentment ?" The above are some of the objections started by "Senex" to the Government Guaranteed Railway Notes, which every one, at a glance, must see are equally applicable to the new notes of old Banks, and to the issues of the new Banks. The old Banks issue their new notes, which have no resemblance whatso- ever to their old notes, and the newly established banks begin to issue notes, all of which are, as " Senex" says, " a new thing." If this new thing has been printed from a " costly engraving," " of what value would it be," " Senex asks, " in protect- ing a man who cannot read or write ?" True it is " a new thing," and therefore unlike the Bank notes of 1817 " all classes of persons cannot have become perfectly familiar with it." The " illiterate, and those who cannot read will never learn to read if they have not learnt to read a bank note that has been familiar to them for 37 years ! But all the banks, according to " Senex," must have been guilty of exposing the public to be imposed upon even those persons " who are able to read and write, by issuing new notes, which circulate in the country, where persons might take counterfeits, who have " never seen the genuine document with which to contrast the counterfeit presentment." The sum and substance of all the objections made by " Senex" to the Government Guaranteed Railway Shares being made transferable to bearer is that, when issued, they will be " a new thing." It is, however, a consolation to know that it is a fault which will be getting better every day. It is a fault which all the banks have had to contend with, as all their notes when first issued were " a new thing," but we all know a new note is but a moment's " novelty," and that it quickly circulates freely, and soon finds its way amongst all classes. So it will be with the Government Guaranteed Railway Notes, when they are first issued for the moment they will be a " novelty," but the novelty will soon cease, and they will as freely circulate, by sale and purchase, as bank notes, for, in point of security, they are in every respectfully equal to bank notes, or any security that was ever created, with this important advantage, that they are notes bearing interest. " Senex" appears to think that the Government Guaranteed Railway Shares will be " a very great temptation to unprincipled persons to counterfeit them." I wish he had informed us what reasons he had for forming this opinion. Is it because the £5 Government Guaranteed Notes would offer more temptations to counterfeit, on account of their greater intrinsic value, than the £5 bank notes ? It really would appear, that "Senex" thinks so, for his dread of such a security being brought into circulation is quite amusing, and he appears to be as much alarmed, in anticipation, as if he had seen a ghost. He talks of " the accomplished swindler, mark, not an ordinary A'ulgar " swindler," but of one " ac- complished,"- finding himself irresistibly impelled to a scrip-selling mission among the distant shepherds. I am a great admirer of the Government Guaranteed Railway Stock, and believe it will become the most favorite security in the colony for investments, but think " Senex" is rather over-estimating its importance, when he anticipates that they will cause such a sensa- tion amongst the " accomplished swindlers, as irresistibly to impel them to a scrip-selling mission among the distant shepherds," as soon as they are issued. If, however, the fears of "Senex," as to " accomplished swindlers being irresistibly impelled to a scrip selling mission among the distant shepherds " are at all likely to be realized, it may be necessary to set the police in motion when the scrip is first issued, and have the " accomplished swindlers " arrested the first forged scrip they tried to dispose of and "Senex," for his timely warning, will be entitled to the thanks of the directors and the public. In order to humour your correspondent "Senex," who appears to be a respectable old gentleman, whose faculties have begun to decay, but who retains strong prejudices, I propose now to deal with him " in form and manner following that is to say, I propose first to deal categorically the six minor premises " on which he founds his " strong argument. First-year new class of purchasers." Most certainly, for a time, they will be a "new class," the very same as the travellers by railroad will be a new class of travellers. - Second The bulk of them unable to read or write. I hope it is not the case, that the bulk of the inhabitants in this colony are " unable to read and write. But supposing it is, what then ? Are those who can " read and write to be deprived of the advantages of participating in the Government guaranteed interest and railway dividends, because of the illiterate, who cannot read and write ? Do the banks find any evils to arise from " illiterate persons, who cannot read and write," holding their notes ? If they do not, why should we seek for imaginary evils, which are never likely to arise ? Third-" Dealing in a new and to them, unusual commodity." The newness, as I have shown will soon wear off, and, with that what now may appear to them to be " unusual." It it is astonishing how quickly people learn to know their own interests, and this " commodity" would soon cease to be " unusal." Fourth-" Which is capable of being counter- feited (those who cannot read or write being called upon to judge of the false from the true)." This is a very strong argument, and shows how absolutely necessary it is for all classes to be educated. As the " illiterate," and " persons who cannot read and write," might possibly lose their money by taking counterfeited bank notes, or G. G. R. scrip, it might, perhaps, be advisable to prohibit them by law from taking any securities on paper whatsoever. But, probably, " Senex" might not consider this a sufficient protection for his "illiterate" clients, in which case I would suggest that, all persons who " cannot read and write" should be considered as infants, and not capable of taking care of their money, and therefore that they should be required, by law, to pay over all their money into the Treasury, there to be kept and taken care of for them until they are able at least, " to read." Fifth-" which it is proposed to make transferable to bearer everywhere throughout the colony," Most certainly, the very same as bank notes. . Sixth-" Without the ordinary safeguards at present 1 attending its sale and transfer," i I I am quite sure that " Senex' ' does not, cannot think, that there are more safeguards, if as many at present on the cumbersome forms of transferring shares, as there would be if the transfer were made by printed scrip " from one of the very best engraved plates." On the printed scrip there would be three or four signatures to forge, in addition to procuring a counter- feited plate, which latter would be next to an impossibility. On a conveyance there would be but one signature to forge. It is proposed to continue the share registry, for those who prefer to keep their shares on it, and it does seem something mean and illiberal to attempt to deprive those shareholders of the custody of their scrip, who may wish to have it in their own possession. Talk about " ordinary safeguards," what ordinary safeguards have the banks established for their paper currency, which, after they have received the amount it represents, they trouble themselves no more whether it be lost, stolen, or goes into the hands of the " illiterate," or persons who " cannot read and write." If" Senex" were really sincere in his opposition to the circulation of the Government Guaranteed Railway Shares, as for fear, as he says, that they should be " counterfeited" and sold " to ignorant persons," he would also have advocated the withdrawal of bank notes from circulation, as the one is equally as dangerous as the other. There would be as great difficulty in counterfeiting the place of Government scrip as in that of bank note, and it would amount to the very same thing whether a man lost £5 by a forced £5 bank note, or a £5 Government Guaranteed Railway Share. " Senex" says, " In the case of bank notes, the business world consents to encounter the risk of fraudulent imitation, because of the immense counter- balancing advantages which result from the use and circulation of paper currency " Who is it that derives all the immense advantages which result from the use and circulation of paper currency The banks, and the banks only. Their notes bear no interest. The Government guaranteed notes would bear interest. Hence the enmity. Hence the hatred en a measure vue immense advantages in values would go to benefit the public-not the banks. I trust " Senex" will not again try to deceive the public by wishing to make it appear that his sole object was to prevent the " illiterate " and persons who cannot read or write " from losing their money by forgeries. He is evidently afraid lest his bank dividends should suffer by the £5 Government Guaranteed Rail- , way shares being made available to the public ; but it is a foolish mistake, for, as Mr. Mort has clearly shown what the banks would lose in circulation i (which I believe would be a mere trifle, if anything) would be more than counterbalanced by increased de- I posits and extended business. If any one had ever cause to exclaim, " Save me I from my friends," it is " the illiterate, and those who cannot read or write;" from such men, as " Senex," i who, under pretence of advocating their interests, by depriving them of their best and safest interest, ! producing securities in the world, because, peradven- | ture, they may be forged, he is willing to let them have a similar paper currency, which can be counterfeited , with equal facility, but on which he and his brother . Bank shareholders would enjoy all the interest. The motive is too glaring. I am disgusted. Your obedient servant, A. S. Sydney, 2nd October, 1854. 