DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. OutSdio.is.-As usual, In tho oaso of lato English ar. rivals, «so ate furci-d to omit a great portion of our lecul nutter. Wo aro alio compullid to leave out setcral eolaims of advortlsoinouts. IIBSD QuaHTKiia o» TiiK MILITA».»*.-Major. Gonoral Sir lleb.ri Ninkle, Commandcr-ln-Chlcf of tho Forcis in Australia, »rrlvod from Sydney yoitordny morning b) Iho Yan«, Yarra, aud wai received willi a cuuipll niintiry salute. Aue-iiosakiu.ia LIOTS3ËS.-At tho City Court yostor. doy, un t o application of Mr. Frank fltcphon, lloomes io sell gouts by auction woro granted to Samuel ÜUo.i lliyaut, and lo Wellard Conneboo¡ also, to Alfrol linn Is, sulijoot to the approval of tho prouilsu ou lu ipietl, n, nuil io Henry (doyston, for Sandridge. CONH-SUHI-IO*.-A (1ro last evonlng. Hie lib Imtant. tara aren burning to Iho ooatward of tlio burial-ground. 1er unnni a quarter of an hour It Inoroasod, and ap jicartd Uko tlio burning of hay or oom «tacks. At ona titno iltri-a distinct bodlos of llamo wero ililblo, lu crtasln;; for a wlillo and thou tlylug away.-Qeelenj AiUcrtisti: lMlXilllUKXR A!»0 Il0B30!«f8 BAT ltAILWAY CoSUUNr. A meeting of tha ahareholdort la this company wai \iitercla> hold lu tho Mow Station, Fllndirs- stroet, to eitiruilno whether or not any train of Iho c.uiuauy'a tl.ould run on Sundays, air. Annand, afior a few ro- amin, In Ibu oouno of which lie Intimated lila Inton tkiu of Boiling lill abaros, should tho Sunday traillo bl allowed, tiOYe-d tbo fullowlng:-"That tlio company cUtaln fruin running their traína on tlio Sabb.lli Dey." Tho motion wal aocondod by T. Dickson, Eiq. J.lioodmun.Bsq., moved as an amendment :-"t'liat tho Hains tra allowed to run on Sunday for tlio purposo uf imiongor trafilo, tbo boura of Divino service lu tho mcinliM o toi pled." J. li, Dickson, Iliq., seconded titi imcndmenl. Tho motion and amoudmont being put to tho mooting, thero appeared for iho former 0, fortiio loiter til. 'l ho vousuwordlng to share« wero dimiudol, nil gnvo the fillowlng result:-for tho mu. tun ¡13, far the amendment SI. J.Goodman, Kin., moved "That tío ducctur« bo authorised to glvo a luncheon and ball on llio ppcnln,: of tho railway, and that tho tickets «lull l.o presented froo, tho cxponio not to ox etc J £1200." ï bli was seconded by Mr Toola I, and carried non. iv.i. 'll.e uioitlng at Its closo numbered forty.flvo atiuro l.eldcr« uul of tho 100 which form the oompatiy. It la expected that iho Uno will bo opcuod for traillo In tbmit throo weeks. NELSON FAMILY ENTERTAINMENT. - A musical vaude- ville under the thrilling title of "A Midnight Mys- tery," was performed by the Nelson Family yesterday evening at the Mechanics' Institution, and was received with cordial applause by a crowded audience. It is the production of Mr. F. M. Soutten, already favorably known here as the author of the "Russians in Mel- bourne," and other pleasing pieces. The Midnight Mystery was completely successful. The plot involves a ghost story, which terminates in the spectre becoming a happy lover. The incidental music was exceedingly appropriate. Of the acting and singing of the Misses Nelson we have already expressed our high opinion; and of Mr. A. Nelson we should probably be able to speak in equally favorable terms were he to divest himself of a tendency to exaggeration to which he is rather prone.Miss C. Nelson, in her character of a lady's maid, seemed a particular favorite with the audience. The Midnight Mystery, if not quite equal to some of Mr. Soutten's former pieces, is yet well worthy of being listened to, and we doubt not will form an attractive part, for some time to come, of the very pleasant entertainments of the Nelson Family. BODY Fuumi 1.1 Tim limit.-Tho dead body of a mm, ramo unknown, was found on tho run of Mr. Stokn, Boni h Iloaoli, U'olvo or thlrtoen miles from town, a fur days ago. Tho deceased lind boon obsorved wandering about In Iho locality «hero ho wai found, In n state ul wlldncas, nnd quite naked, and bad for a Mino bein looked after and clolhcd by mino of Mr. Btoltci's men. At tno li quest hold > midday (Friday) bifnro Uti coroner, the Jury returned a verdict, fiom tbo ivldenoe adduced, that tho deceased hod died from oxpoturo to Iho Incloiiionoy of the weather, whilst In n statonf In. sanity, nutt nut from any vlolcnco.-Gidong Adeettlier. ENGLISH CHURCH, ST. KILDA.-At this church sirvlois «aero bold on tho Fust day by tho Key. 11. bidd >n, la ll.o muriilng mid evening. Tlio seimon In tbo leoniliif was from the Olli Isaiah, lib verse, " Uf tlio Int rosso of lils government and powor thero sholl bo no omi.'' Tlio evening sei mon was from Uni I'talm, lilli vono," And mon shall bo blessed In bim." Thocollootlnns nii.ountod to tiiinnrd« nf JC00. ün Bundey a collection win mulo In «Id of tho Hospital, to tbo amount of XtiO -Is. 01. Tin: IlAY ov II0SIII.UTI0M.-Yoitcrday belog tho diy appointed fur liuinlllatlon and fasting, wai nbicr/cd with strict (locuriiin nnd duo obsi'tYaucoa riqtilslto lo tlio solouin oooailon. Tho ponding struggle, frautht «sllli such troinondoiu recuits to Iho kin lo world, evoked n prsyerlul deposition und united Intorposltiun to tho Almighty, that tlio oauio of liberty. Justico, and irogress in gbt rocolvo Divino protoolton. - ('«.'o.i« Aivcrlier, ViCTOiiiA FnitKHOLD IiAtro BociBTY.-On Saturday allernoon tr.c iiiombors of ibis society Intcrtalitl In the last purchases nt St. KllJn, aurdlner, Cnullk- ld, Koro. rolt(on the Crook), mid Holden, on tlio Silltntor Uiver, met lu tim Hall of tho Mechanics' Instituía to witness the; prucois of balloting fur tho varluiu loll. 1*. J.Baignuu, i:>q., M.L.O., was called to tbo olialr, who oxididncil Ibu object lor which the mooting win asicmblul, mid referred to tbo .last dlstilbtitluu ol' .bout JC1UUÜ worth of land about a month MO, tia well ea to tbo prospectivo outlay nt upwards of £no,000 lu Hoptombor, Tlio lamil which tho inrtlcs prnont woro Inin'cdluMy liilercstod lu omeuutid to £1000, whioh tho eli »Irma i tailed on Mr. Coudoroy, tho managing illrootor, ti doicrlLo. 'llio various propertlis having boen siow.i oil plans pmpartd by Iho surveyors, and tliolr looalliloi «nd qualities pnrlliiilarltod by M. Cowderoy, Iii j prouen of ballullug fur Hie lots In oaoli locality, by tbo lunn. lora entitled to i»irtlcl|iatu Hierein, wau thou pioouoto i with, mid aovciity-llvo his of Ills average valu J of Xloo wero nlluilcd to metnbori, who an icaiwl to bo highly gratified. The subiirliin laid« wero In lota of from two and a half lo feuracriii, lulled for gardening, end Ihi'o.iuitry loll tarlod li-oin iwniity to t«rciily.acv«n and a linll'iioroi cadi tor ngiluuliural purpcies. Most of Hu Utter wiro taken up lu tins ami Ui coi by munbee A huidla t Ibtio nuuibiij of ¡iliai'»i|iliuiformliiit doilrablo foran cf Sfty.lou,-and oljlity toroi Hell, .. '; ' ' '.'< .. i' . (.? Turnbull, George Br.wn, B»»^i ««stoW, Mtnunl Vandot.lcy, John Walsh, IUohaid Mu«ffi' *»Ä lledgecouib. Harry Levwrtnoe, «'»''?.TSd%1K~ Sullivan, Jane Munro, J»m" 1}?"^%.,W'niw Villis Jclm ringgcrty, Julia W|i'». Wimam mraj Michael Connelly, John Pepper, Hugh MTOy.Diuiitt Boatings, James M'Lean, John Dobson. ^R'0"»T riilohor. Wilnora Andrew», Goorgo Wilton, Jon« . Jack. John SamsoiuïUtihow doola». Henry Thonu», toíf îtobeH LÎwrlo7itotl«I<* Marie, Andrew Tlpplor, '"T.ÄoÄraaT.-The «powers that bo», la this rnnmv often Uko otiînge, lustyTand most unaocount ibÄSkilBto, tuílrtótfi. 'Iblinothlnklngniau wUl 5 nv To add toi ItaTgonoral litt, wo present coe r aXr» with another of those dolerin «O»»!*» tag thrmkiludnor thoJusUoe of tho whole matter, ula UttÄ irilolv uktnbllihod b.'twoeu Ulli town »ntl tho Avoca dlg iln«la aMutto bo traniferred to Ballaarat, and from u X te Geelong. Wo cannot conceive of any earthly S for thHtmngo d.Urmlnatlonça U¡¡,lgrtoe Mr. Aoting Cotmululoner of r?,lloe " ?*,*i*n9n» iivo a aubinUslon to Uio - grumbling." of »few (lLoloriir cold - brokers, and an ardent delira fo uW ano her few 'thousand, te the already enorrnous national debt of thl» young colony.Th. sonto of the prt.ont branch ¡»toort to the» ATOM.II ihrerugh Tarrengower, Gellbrook, Marebo'ougli. Palay Hill, »nd tlionco to Uio AvocaJllver. At mell or theso station, no small auras havo boen «peo* in eroding oolloo »ud oscort aoconiraodaUon. The» dit lance botwom Castlomalno and llio Avoca li, not tua seventy or eighty milos our Goalong frlendi would call II, but only forty-slx mile. ; whllofrom Ballaarat It la n.oro than fifty snllea. Th'« fi>°t. »s wolla» that Urtu lncntloncd.apcaksraUierilgnlfloantlyfortheconvenlonoa ol tho arrangement, as boiweon Ballaarat and Ayooa tliero Is not ono station, »inlet» tho ucort U rondo to go round by Burnbank, a considerably olroult. Under any circumstances, an escort s required between Tarrengower, Kingower, Korong, Daisy Hill, and Four- mile Creek, and which is at present extended to the Avoca, without delay or Incoiivenlcnoo; and Uio o»taO llilmiontol nnotlier branoh etcort, na wo havo Urti Hated, Is only another headlong running Into grcatec debt, for no posslblo purposo beyond that of, wo pre- sumo, prívalo accomrnodaUoti. Our reader» will por ciivo that, by Uilt week'» csocrt, moro than doublt» tat» quantity of gold was lent from tho Avoca to.Mel- bourne than to Ooilong. Wo take Uio oioort generally a. Hi» best tost of Uio wish of too tllggora whero to forward thoir gold. Wo bo l.LVo »Ho that tho wcokly oost of tho escort botwoor» Bendigo, Caatloinalno, and Melbourno, exceed» Bom» JC C30, nnd by outtlng oil Uio Avooa digging» from their iiopcr district, it leave, for Uie present «pmo 15,009 e» iO.oro ounoes »week only to bo forwarded by tul« escort, while a largo addlUonal oxpenso 1. about to b« ircuncd In tlio establishment boiweon tho Avocaani Geelong. What wo really do grumblo »t li thoutUe llirowlng asido of our own InlorctUby thodotormlpa. tieri of uno man, »m1 the injury and drawback acóralos mu.fron lids arrangement. If our "now broom» sweeps np tlicsu odds and end« into a corner, and «Uhr ti em nlcoly afterward», bo will find material» for thought and contemplation.-Mount Alexander Mail. geirMDnLii i« CiisjionrtK OAWIESI.-On Saturday, at Iho District l'nlico Court, Captain Tom Fredorloie I.lddlo, of (ho Gondola «toamor, preferred a cliargo of. osstult agatrit W. Ilhyl, assistant gardener, nnd Jam»« roUiorttH, walter, nt tho Cromornt» Gardon.. Mr. tufton Bmltb, solicllor, appeared for the projoouUon. Messrs. I'rlco and Thom», woro the Justice» pretont. Captain I-I.ldlo alated, that on Saturday night, shortly tflcr len c.'clock, ho w»s In Cremorne Gardens, having: f ono there from Uio Balle do Valentino wlUi Mr. Silla ci d two ladles. Ho wai In conversation with Mr. billa el i ut tho quality of «orno coal, for tho Gondola,"whoa l.lij » carno In omi »aid ho wa» Uio person being alluded to. Upon this Uio captain told lthys not to intorfero willi lil. affairs. Bhy« thoa oollarcd him, and Inoro was a touflli-, in tho oouno of whlclt both partiel earn» to tho k round, lthy», who was uudcnnoii, got hold pt tlo ciptaln'. chin with his tooth, and lilt It. The» captain tried to shako «hy» olT, and lu ralilng himself up Ulled lils orp'.nont, who »U!I »tuokto tho chin, OS» II o ground During tho »truggle on tho ground lotherglll had rando lil» appearanoo, and ooouploil Ms tinto In hitting Uio prottrate captain. Blood ttrcamtsl fiom tho csptaln'j wound. EUI» then Interfered. Ho Olio captain) lind previously called on him to do io, but without efllct. Ile would »wear he had not »truck Uhyi first. Mm. Hinno and Mr». Matthews, the ladles above» alluded to, corroborated the» captain'» icsUmouy. In hi» deft nee, lthy» mid that tho captalnhad first commenoetl tho tquabblo, and that wbonUiey woroon tho ground,lit» Icing undermost, tho captain had caught his necker- chief, nnd iqueczcd hlui lo tight that he could not ipcak.andhothendld hilo tho captain'» chin,-and bit It, too, nt hard a» he oould. Fotherglll »aid ho hid merely Interfered to separate the combatant». Mr. Billa wat then put into tho witness-box. Uotta'ed that the osptnln had first shaken hit (1st at lthy» and wcrrlcdlilui. Tho captain wa» quilo tobcr, but Bhy» waa rathor "on." wltncs» »aw no blow» »truok, merely a wrestling match, terminating In a tumblo on tho floor. There wai certainly a blto on the captain'» chin. Wilmas did not Interfere, because ho did not think himself a match for tho cáptalo, ard ho did not call for assistance becauii» Uio wholo affair was over In a second. In tha course of the proceeding» It became very evident Uiat remo bad fooling existed belwcon Captain Llddlo and Mr. Bills, In rofcrooco to the Góndola; hut tho Beuch would cot permit elUier party to enter Into dotallson tho subject. Mr. Trice (aid that an assault had boon clearly proved, but tliero wore to bo taken Into comido ration too provocation given and the probability that the blllngpart of thoaiTalr was caused by the rnanncrlnwhlob. I.lddlo held Ith) ». Bhys would be fined SO.., with ooit., end rothorglll nos. Tho Douch would also remark that it wes Uio duty of pabllcarzCto keep order and regularity In their eitalillilnuent., ard when any fighting or huit, ilcgoi'ciirrcl, either to Interfere thewioTvoa, ortoosli uionlhelr.emiitsor the police to do »0( and If they s» cr.t eve -i llio IctigUt of turning uproarious perton» outof tit cu, the Hunch would support them in doing io. l'tejilo win bad nut sufficient coungo or'tact to tit donn dls.rdcr shruld not keep place» of publia ti tcrtalnuvit And moro particularly wa» thus Um ino vl'h icjard to Cremorne Garden», In which largo i If lill) n'lrmbliigcs took placo, and which, if uot pro. inly re?..hied, would toon degencratoto a boar-gar der. Mr Kills, In reply, laid that he had nervo enough fcr anything. Twenty thousand peo» Io had been cou. I rrgattd In thoso gardens, and there bad novcr been ihr suchtest disturbance before. Mr, Thome» renia-kol lint ho understood the Cremorne Gardoca to bo well coi ducted, DRror-K-tsrsa.-At th» District Poltoo Court, on Saturday, tlioro woro Ibreo caso» of drunkenness, tha inn tics he ug two men and one woman. Ono of tho min ioiiUtul lils hall (£5), and tho other two penons wire fined £1 bach, Tho lady had also au additional Euc Imposed on her fur using obsceno language. Drsoannr-ir Ciiiruerrens.-I'etor Quinn was broujht up at the eily Court on Saturday, charged wlUi being drunk, »ml fighting In tho street, and wa. flcod 10s. Anne Cavanagh and Elisabeth Cavanagh, two »liters In iniquity, »ero chargotl with being drunk, and devo Irpfng corrlutlvo rrorcntltlr« in Uu publlo thorough, faros. Thoy wero fined MM. cooh.-I'oter William» 1 leaded guilty toa cliargo of indeeenoy, but Moused himself by tai lug Uiat ho liad only been a few day. In the colony, as If Hil. woro tho only placo In tho world whero good manners could be learned. He was fined 20s. - Samuel Adlen was charged by William Drinkwater with break- ing open the door of his premises in Little Lonsdale street. The prisoner in return charged Drinkwater with improper intimacy with his wife, and a very disgraceful scene of mutual recrimination was ensuring, when Mr. Sturt interposed and said that if Adlen were wronged he could obtain legal redress, but that the peace of the neighbor- hood must not be disturbed by his brawls. The prisoner was bound over to keep the peace for three months -Susan Clifford, for fighting in the streets, w na fined to».-Jano William, and Illchard Brown wero tliargcd with cnmmltUng cot» of groa» indeoency la tho atrcot«. They wero fined £6 oach, or lu default, lourteon day»' hard labor.-Julia Kennedy, for creating a dl.turbaneo In tho «trcet.was fined 80s.-Goorgo UoniT. n rc.peolahlo looting man, was charged with a limitar cflenco. Ho did not attempt to defend hi. conduct, anl va» fined 40s. WiiAicaCoMnnv.-Tho meeting held nt Uio Port. lund Hotel, on the SOth ulUmo, for Uio purpo.0 or form. Ing a whaling company, wa» atljournod to Tuesday tuning, In consequenco of tliero not being a sullloleiit attctidanoo. Tho obalr wa. taken by Captain Clarko, who briefly itated tho ohjoot of the meeting, and real over the eovoral rogulaUon. proposed tobo adopted lu the event of a company being formed, baromi proposi- tion» vrero mado and discussed, but It waa unanimously decided to ndjourn tho incollng. A full roport of the l.icjpccltisns »ugKCitcdby Uio chairman, and alto tho various opinion, glvon at the last meeting, lit» open fnc Irupcotlon nt the ttorc» off. 11. Clarko and Co, Gavv. ler.»trcct. Thtro oan bo llttlo doubt that it would »ui|»iy repay Iho capitalist» of Portland to como font ard nnd rcnow (ho luoraUve omploymout of wliillug. J'ortlaml Guardian. " VOUIII^ A1.D IUTTUSDUBT AORIOOLTOTUI, ABSOOU. aiote.-llio «rat plouglilng- matoh for Ulla »eaton. In connco.lnn willi tho abovo toolely, will bo held oa Jlcdnosdnyiiext.at Mr. 0. Mill»'« form, near Belfsst. By n teforeiiou to our »dvorUtlng coluumi, it will lu »¡cn that tho Hit of prliei la boih liberal and nnraeroui. «. bopoHie farmer« of till» dlitrlot will beatlr thom, »civet on the occasion, and ihow that they ranon »imoi|.lrlt, and uro anxious to foitor inch valuable nwoolailoni as Iho abovo. Hy the Mount Alexander Aau, wo pcicclvo that very »Urrlng eaortlon» oro boing podo at CastlLumlno for ii grund agricultural »how, in oonncotlon willi au agricultural association latoly formed there. If Hie InhabltanU of an inland township -and wlitro land for agricultural purpoiea has only Juit boen Uiruitn lido the marktt-exhibit »unit eommondablo otiui|.iUtlon In Uio quality or tho proelast» of thoir «oil, »moly tho ptoplo boro-In tho Justly termed rlohest portion of Violarla-iliould need no great nrgumontto oouvlnco thom of tho lrn|»ortaiioo of auii. Jiortlng.toilioiitinoit of Uielr pockotaand liifluonoó, tho liiteresl. of an moni! a »ooleiy at the Vllllort and llcytosbiiry Agricultural AuoelaUon. Evory farmor '»!'¥,.. "ui'J'-"',"i «mlovory onoconncclcef wlUi tho ¡llilrlottliuuitl nibscrlbo to It. Our .oil li unequalled in thjoolony, I,-t tlioso oonnooted vrlili agrloulturil jurjulti prove tiny are worlhy or living In a pla« »o; highly' fits oreti by naluro. Wotruit our romark. will lia paid attention to, aud that all minor oonilJor.v. lion« viillbjoaat iiildo.and all potty illitlao'Jon» for. Bolton by our nirnior«, on Wednesday next, A dinner vllltiiko placo at llio I'lougb Inn, llelfiut Hoad, after llio ploiiBhliik- inutcli.-Il'urmameoiirxiiiiifiifr. T,"«Svl'l>"'l,o'iTiJun).-Wo hear a roport or the FnP« "n i'1! of n" î'.'!0'01 '»î«''/»"to iho lutroduotloi Inlr» this town of tho loarlallna, which I» iirodiioliiir »nell ravage.. It I. oooßdontly »tated that Uio fovir ¡LT V ,l,ulra ,ll,° A1""'ra luiinlgraiit »hip when iho carno uto inirti and that tliero was a oato or do'ti Horn lilli tllsovsn In thodoisOt loon aftor tho liiiml. Kranll woro put on »boro. Wo hopo tho Invottlgatlati nmy prnye lint tliero li no Ju«t foundation for this (llsngrctablo ri'part.-/»w-«oniJ t7«anf(an. . Bon Dixo HocntTr.-The Augurt goncral monttily mtoling of iluiroholder. will bl held on Tuettlay ovon. Ing noxtjivt levon o'olock, at tho Wiirrnambool Pollue Ofllçe. We. aro happy to Inform our rcailori that th« J'ollco Ofilço, pprinlulon having boen given by Urn Ocvorniiiotit, 'l'hli It a matter ofgreit graUfloatlon, a. «"* ouly I. i» iwmaiio.it placo of meVetlnnioreby oblaln«r. but ho olijoot of iho looloty I», imuoh bottor chaiioo of boing carriel out. rive illaro» aro to bo Srif,ï.1.f?,:"ll'un,I,uï»,1,y,,lKl't. »ml froSu.onov.Uv? or.uo 11 piosoetllug I» mit tom!, n larg« "ttoudanoo li AlïJi d<"'Uu .1'? »»ralMUon to take plMo at llolfat' III llio fofonooii. Tho iiarohmont «orlp la uow roady, and iVr m ¿/«Mimi, m fírtt^ ^ ^^ - 