Frtofî otm LONDON CORRESPONDENT. Atlienxum Club, Wednesday. Political news this week. Aberdeen is göüig put, and a good thing too, Í suppose you will stly. Did you read the leading article iii thc leading journal; about the Baltic expedition ? That showed in what direction tho household mouser intended to become saltatory, eh ? Who do you. think wrote that. article.,: You will not easily guess, nor do I make ¿ny pretence to especial discernment, but it so happened thiï calling to tell the Editor oomething it. was as well he should know, my eye fell upon the MS. of thc article, and I recognised the hand-writing, It is Sir Charles Napier's, and it was sent home from the Baltic in a red envelope, by the Colombo transport, now at Wool- wich. As soon as it appeared, Lord Aberdeen drove off in rage to Prmting-House Square, and demanded that every word of it should be retracted. . This was refused. He then required the author's name, and by way of mystification was told that the remarks were from, the pen of Mr. Charles Kean, His lordship then declared that Mr. Kean should never again perform at Windsor, and that he himself would resign the Premiership. If the public is half is pleased With the latter resolution ns thc junior braliches of the Royal Family are Arith'thc former, we shall hare an illumination, You-itave heard something Of the Btory about the Bishop of Oxford (Wilberforce) leaving tl religious meeting to go tó á ball at Sutherland House, and her Majesty telling one of her maids of honour to go and danco with him. The papers hove got the anecdote rather incorrectly. The Bishop did go, but he was rather entrapped into the ball-room. He was standing by the balcony looking down into the grand hall, where Viardo Garcia was singing Una voce, and having previously been into the card-room to speak to the Archbishop of York (who was being soolded by Lord Shaftesbury for twice revoking) the Bishop did not know that the Queen had arrived. Lady Ernestine Maltraveia was near him, and both were enchanted with Yiardot. "Obj my dear Bishop," said the lovely E. M.,J'I positively must give tho ' dear thing my bouquet. Would you fetch it ?-it ls on the couch opposite the Murillo." What could Samuel do ? He went smi- lingly to the ball-room, and milking his way to the place, confronted the astonished ioók of his royal mistress. "Well, Doctor Wilberforce," said tile head of the Church ; but iii tho mild words Was conveyed the essence of a whole judgment of Convocation. Tho humbled Lord of Oxford took up the flowers, and backed out of the presence. " Goipg to decorate an altar ?" said Lord .Tohu Russell, as thc Puseyite prelate passed him. He made no reply, but presented the bouquet to its charming, owner, who protested that she had changed her mind about giving .it up. While they were speaking, pretty Lady Marguerite Vym blymton tripped up, and begged to engage the Bishop for the next deux-temps. The Wilberforce wit came to the aid of the once-caught-twice-shy prelate : " Pas deux temps!" (Not twice !) he said, bowing and eva- porating. Her Majesty sent over an autograph letter by Prince Albert to Louis Napoleon, with which the latter was much pleased. I did not see it, but I have reason to think that I am pretty well aware of the contents. They were not political, nor were they complimentary, but they were simply to say that Her Majesty had no hesitation in entrusting the Prince to the care of a steady man like the Emperor, but she hoped they would not smoko too m my cigars, or feel it necessary to baptise the entente cordiale in too much claret. It was observed that in accordance with this hint tho royal personages retired early each evening, but an officer in the Cent Guards writes me word that the Emperor had a meerschaum at his bed-room window. You do not care much about theatrical intelligence, and indeed I seldom go into the front of a theatre, though I occasionally lounge into the green-rooms to have a gossip with the actresses, and to give theni a hint as to costume and other matters. I hear, how- ever, that they are going to revive Hamlet at thc Adelphi, with a cast which I should think, would bo attractive. Hamlet will be played by Miss Woolgar ; Ophelia, by Mr. Keeley ; Ghost, Mr, Puul Bedford ; (with ' I believe you, my boy,' when his son names his uncle as the murderer) ; Osric, by Mr. Ryder, (from tho Princess's) ; aud Gertrude, by Mr. O. Smith. A great tank, which the late Mr. Yates made below the Adelphi etage (for an acquatic spectacle) is being re Ístored, and will be filled with real water, in which the drowning of Ophelia will be seen, and Mr. Keeley it practising swimming every day in order to avoid ar accident. The catastrophe of the play will be altered from n recently discovered folio edition, and Hamlet, after killing Laertes, will fight a terrific combat wit! the invading FortinbraB, expiring at tho moment of victory. Some passages apropos to the Turkisli resistance of Russia have been introduced, and I have no doubt the affair will be a hit. There will be some new peerages created before thc meeting ol' Parliament. Lord John is still unable tc get his, bul Mr. Disraeli goes up to the Lords as Vis count Palestine, at Mr. Gladstone's especial instance, Lord Dudley Stuart, who ia understood to be Indignant that he was not made President of the Board of Health, instead of his more able colleague, is to be consoled by the title of Baron Platitude ; and I think, but am not sure, that Mr. Roebuck becomes Lord Buckram. Colonel Sibthorp applied for a peerage, but his re- quest is under consideration, several members of the House of Lords having earnestly protested against hie being sent up there. The next vacant Garter has been promised to a friend of my own, whose name it would be premature to mention, j That Acrobat affair at-Doncaster has made a noise; Why the horse should on Wednesday lose disgrace- fully, and on Friday win triumphantly, may be a sort of mystery to some folks, but I can assure you-and I am pretty well acquainted with stable secrets-that all was fair, that Lord Derby's conduct wan strictly honourable, and that Scott was as innocent as it baby. Tho fact was that Acrobat would have been beaten on Friday, but for his extreme terror. ' One of (ho horses behind him-I think Orlando-got into Acrobat's stall some nights before, and viciously bit a piece nut of thc root of his tail. Seeing the same horse on the ground on Friday, and dreading a repetition of the outrage, Acrobat set off like the wind, and beat every- thing. Lord Derby knew this quite well, and made a good joke about " tailing off," which I should spoil by .endeavouring to repeat. Sloman has been acquitted of the charge of perjuring himself, in order to arrest Madama Caradori. When I hoard of th6 cace I said that although tho defendant nv'tfUt ho a slow man (Sloman) ha had 'ai.de tho proco. r-\ytï\n mt, This ia tn*> only]}'<.?!* <h mot ï htivé heard tlxis week, but aa the Editor of the Morning Advertise? has returned from his travels, Î hopo ete long to havë aome spécimens of wit and wisdom to send you."-. Punch, 