MORETON BAY. BRISBANE Annie 25. The nomination of a member to represent the County of Stanley, in the place of John Richardson, Esq., resigned, took place in the Court House yesterday. Contrary to what I anticipated in my last communication, an opponent to Dr. Lang came forward at the eleventh hour, in the person of Arthur Hodgson, Esq., of Eton Vale, Darling Downs, the gentleman to whom in that communication I alluded. I inclose from the Free Press of this date, a report of the proceedings, but I must remark that the report is not a very full one. There was a large attendance of electors and others in the Court house and although there was, of course, a good deal of noisy political feeling displayed, the proposers and seconders of both candidates had no reason, on the whole, to find fault with the reception which they met with. With regard to the probable result of the election, it is difficult to hazard a conjecture ; but I think at present the probability is that Dr. Lang will be returned. The remissness of his opponent in delaying so long to come publicly forward is unaccountable, and he may rely upon it that this sluggishness will operate unfavourably to his interests on the polling day, for the adage of "taking time by the forelock " is never so well exemplified as in electioneering tactics. As to the relative merits of the candidates, very serious objections, I think, could be urged against them both, but the claims of Air. Hodgson so far preponderate over those of his opponent, that if it we are not many of the electors have had no opportunity of knowing how utterly barren of good results most of Dr. Lang's self haunted promises to benefit the colony have turned out, and how absolutely valueless his political influence really is, there would be no room whatever to doubt the issue of the struggle. As it is, the exaggerated appreciation of his political abilities, and his power to benefit them, by one class of the electors and above all, the early canvass of his friends have given the Doctor such a start already as is likely to push him triumphantly through the contest. However, go the matter as it may, it is some consolation to think that a candidate like Dr. Lang, whose political principles are so much more than questionable, is not unopposed. The independent electors of the County of Stanley, would have been everlastingly disgraced had they allowed it to be inferred that their choice of such a man was unanimous. Neither of the candidates possess that modest estimate of their own abilities, which is generally considered to be inseparable from the possession of high talent. Mr. Hodgson, although a raw hand at legislation, has evidently imbibed as high an idea of his own importance as has his vain- glorious but more experienced antagonist. Separation is of course the watchword of both candidates. No one would have the ghost of a chance who did not go the whole hog in this respect. The late rains have almost entirely swept away the water course by which the surplus water of the town reservoir was carried off, The consequence is, that the water in the dam is left so shallow, that when the i drought sets in, the liquid will become muddy and unfit for wholesome use. The locality affords a very favourable position for the construction of a reservoir, and a grant of money was as appropriated for improving the present one, but the improvements have been so indifferently planned or executed, that the first heavy rain has laid the most important of them in ruins. A fatal accident occurred at the Commercial Hotel, ยก South Brisbane, on the afternoon of Saturday last. The groom attached to the above establishment, named ; William Busby, was assisting to raise a truss of hay into the loft above the stable by means of a pulley, when owing to the tackling giving way, he was precipitated to the ground, receiving by the fall internal injuries of a so serious a nature, that he expired in the course of the night. The new building for the use of the English Protestant Church, is expected to be finished by the month of August next. The internal fittings are alone awaiting to complete it, and it is expected that sufficient funds will be collected to finish them by the above date. There is no country news. We are again threatened with a return of rainy weather, Brisbane, May 2. THE election for Stanley is over, and Dr. Lang is returned. The majority in his favour. was nine, and the number of electors who voted was 99 ; a small constituency considering that this is the proposed arctic politan county of the future northern colony. The election has ended as I anticipated, and, as I think, all true friends of the colony must regret. The result will tend still further to lower in the general estima- tion, the political capacity of the community of Moreton Bay. It will even do more than this; it will identify them with the "cut the painter" doctrines with which it is generally understood their new mere her is imbued. I know that it is pretended by some of the reverend gentleman's admirers here, that his loyalty to" the Queen, and his desire to continue the present connection with the mother country, have both been satisfactorily ascertained. But to believe this, especially the latter, after what we know, argues an amount of credulity which is truly surprising to find exhibited by anybody who pretends to exercise on independent and impartial judgment. Is it not notorious that during his late visit to England, Dr. Lang both spoke and wrote in favour of the entire indepen device of the Australian colonies-their complete emancipation from all connexion with the mother country ? He not only did this, but he most falsely represented that this measure was desired by a vast majority of the colonists. To be sure, his efforts appear to have been received with the utmost indifference by the sensible people of Britain, and he met with less sympathy, if that were possible, from the inhabitants of the Australian Colonies. Hence his prudent silence on the subject during his visit here ; but he has never retracted his opinions that I have heard of, and is doubtless ready to recommence a mischievous and useless agitation so soon as any affront, real or imaginary, is offered to him. The personal influences that are usually found to set the tongues and pens of demagogues in motion, were never more transparent than in the instance of Dr. Lang. Of course nobody doubts that a time may come, when the colonies will take rank as totally independent states ; but that time is certainly not yet, and the man who would attempt prematurely to harbour it, must be regarded as an enemy of his country. The Doctor's opponent was too late in the field, and his cause was to some extent marred by the over officiousness of some of his friends. Conduct glaringly unfair, even in the heat of an election contest, generally records, and most justly, against the cause it is intended to benefit. Mr. Hodgson, would, in my opinion, have been preferable to Dr Lang ; but this, I think, is the utmost that can be said in his favour. Now that all is over, it is to be hoped our small community will settle quietly down again, but it is curious to consider how constantly something turns Up to prevent that " fusion" of the squatters and towns- people, which is so desirable. The Returning Officer in stating officially the result of the poll for Stanley, mentioned that the deputy Returning Officer had taken no poll at Drayton. This must have arisen from gross oversight or neglect in some quarter. I do not suppose there are many electors that would poll at Drayton, but I believe the matter has been referred to the Colonial Secretary, and it remains to be seen what steps are to be taken in consequence of the omission. There is no country news. The weather is cold and dry, with the wind from the west. 