LITERARY EXTRACTS. OUR COALS AND COLLIERS. (By Hugh Miller.) The Mid-Lothian Coal Measures fill a great basin, which occupies the comparatively level space between the western slopes of the Garleton Hills, near Haddington, and the castean slopes of Arthur Seat. The surface is comparatively level, because the basin is full ; but were these coal measures to be removed from it, that plain now occupied by the rich corn-fields of Mid-Lothian would exist as by far the profoundest valley in Scotland—a valley greatly more profound than Corrisk, Glen Nevis, or Glencoe. Were Ben Lo mond, with its three thousand two hundred feet of altitude, to be set down in the middle of this valley or basin, it would be so nearly submerged, that its summit would scarce rise to the level of the Queen’s Drive immediately opposite Parson’s Green. We find this enormous basin filled with about a hundred and seventy beds of shale, clay, coal, sandstone, limestone, and ironstone, ranged layer above layer, in long irregular curves, much broken by the faults and shifts to which I have already made reference, but, save for these breaks —of greatly later date than tho period of deposi tion—continuous over wide areas ; and of these hundred and seventy beds, rather more than thirty consist of workable seams of coal. One of the most distinctive features of the flat tract which overlies the basin—the feature that strikes the eye of the traveller who hurries along its lines of rail way—as peculiarly its own, consists in its numer ous coal-works and collier cottages—in its narrow gabled engine-houses, with their over-smoking chimneys and their huge outstretched arms, that are seen on the verge of the horizon, ever rising and falling as the mighty moving power expands and condenses ; and in its lines of low-roofed huts, uniform in their humble mediocrity as those of slave villages. The dwellers in these low huts have a very singular history, regarded as that of Scotch men. It is not yet fully eighty years since they were slaves, as firmly bound to the soil as the serfs of Russia, and transferable, like the huts in which they dwelt, or the minerals amid which they bur rowed, from the hands of one proprietor to another. In conversing, not long since, with a distin guished foreigner, better acquainted than perhaps any one else with the history of the Sclavonic races, he informed me that serfship in some of the Russian provinces is by no means of high an tiquity. It has not been derived, as might be supposed, from the barbarism of an ancient time, but introduced, as one of the encroachments of modern despotism, on the wild freedom of tribes, weak, because they were ignorant, and their num bers few. And such seems to be the history of the slavery of our Scottish colliers. Profoundly igno rant, —kept apart by their underground profession and their peculiar habits, from the other people of the country,—and, withal, not very formidable from their numbers, their liberty seems to have been taken piecemeal from them, mainly during the seventeenth century, by the acts of a Parlia ment in which they were of course wholly unre presented, and by the decisions of a court in which no one ever appeared for their interests. It was the old Scottish Parliament and our present Court of Session that made the colliers slaves ; and the salters or salt-makers ol the north-eastern shores of Mid-Lothian were associated with them in bondage. The coal and salt masters (as they were termed) of this part of the country were powerful proprietors, possessed of great political influence, and they seem to have been virtually the authors of the acts, and the prompters of the decisions. The greatest of their number in this locality were the ancient Seatons of Winton, a very influential family during the reign of the latter Stuarts, Old Professor George Sinclair, the author of a curious volume on ghosts and witches, entitled 'Satan’s Invisible World Displayed,' of which some of our grandmothers know a good deal, dedicates one of his works to the Earl Winton, who flourished immediately previous to the Revolution ; and, after expatiating on what he quaintly enough terms his ‘Lordship’s vertues unent the coal and the salt,' he goes on to urge, with a curious eloquence, that his titled patron was ‘the greatest nobleman who was a coal and salt master, and the greatest coal and salt master who was a nobleman.’ I fear the ‘vertues anent the coal and the salt’ of this dis tinguished family, with those of the other great mineral proprietors, their contemporaries, were mainly of the kind rendered too palpable in the Scottish acts anent colliers and salters, —the earliest of which (so far as I know) of any im portance, dates no further back than the year 1606\. It was then ‘statute and ordained,’ under a penalty of a hundred pounds, that no person within the realm should hire or employ colliers, coal-bearers, or salters, unless furnished with a sufficient testimonial from the master whom they had last served ; and further, that sae mony colliers, coal-bearers, and salters, as, without such testimonial, received such forewages and fees, should be ‘esteemed, repute, and holden as thieves, and punished in their bodies.’ Pretty well, me thinks, as a specimen of the class legislation of the good old times. This act, however stringent as it may seem, was found insufficient ; there was a class of persons employed in the pits whom it did not include, and in 1661 it was further enacted, 'that, because watermen who lave and draw water in the coal heughhead, and gatesmen who work the wages and passages in the said heughs, are as necessary to the owners and masters of the said coal heughs, as the coal-hewers and coal-bearers ; it is therefore statute and ordained’ that they should come under exactly the same penalties as those imposed on the colliers, in the event of their quitting their masters without cer tificates, and that it should be equally illegal, lacking such a document, for any person to employ them. There was still, however, a certain degree of incompleteness in these slave making acts : the coal workers unreasonably demanded wages ; and to put down claims which were found troublesome it was further enacted, in a specific clause, that it should not be ‘lawful for any coal-master in this kingdom to give any greater fee than the sum of twenty merks in fee or bounteth,’ —a clause which, according to the interpretation of Lord Kames, fixed the large sum of one pound two shillings sterling as the yearly wages of colliers and salters. It was, however, found that at times the poor subterranean men became restive, or broke out into wild license, and refused to work ; and so there was a further clause devised to deal with the difficulty, and in which the ‘vertues anent the coal and salt’ be came more than usually palpable. ‘Because,’ — so runs the reason given,— ‘coal hewers within this kingdom, and other workers within coal heughs, with sailers, do ly from their work at Pasche, Yule, Whitsunday, and certain other times of the year, which times they employ in drinking and debauchery, to the great offence of God, and prejudice of their masters ; it is there fore statute and ordained, that the said coal hewers, and suiters, and other workers in coal heughs in the kingdom, work all the six days of the week, except the time of Christmas.’ It may be deemed worthy of observation, that Prelacy had been re-introduced into the kingdom during the previous year ; and hence apparently the statutory recognition here of the high claims of Christmas. 'The slavery of the collier and salter was now fully completed by act of Parliament ; the Supreme Court gave effect by its decisions to the imposed law ; the habeas corpus act, introduced into Scot land in 1701, expressly declared in one of its clauses, that its provisions were not to be extended to them ; and for a hundred aud fourteen years, men and women born within four miles of the Scottish capital, were held as strictly in thrall by their masters as the negroes of Cuba or Carolina are held by theirs at the present day. The ‘Letters of Junius’ had appeared, rousing the English people to resist even the slightest encroach ments on their liberties ; —the War of Indepen dence in the American colonies had begun,—Ro bert Burns was cherishing as a peasant lad in Ayrshire those sentiments of a generous freedom which breathe from every stanza of his noble and manly verse, —nay, Granville Sharpe had obtained his act through which slavery, if that of the negro or the foreigner, could not come into contact with the soil of Britain without ceasing to be slavery ; and yet the poor Scotch collier, buried in that very soil, and bearing about with him its stains, still remained a slave. Not until the year 1755 did the law which had so insidiously bound him set him even nominally free; and certainly very strange, regarded as a British law of the latter half of the eighteenth century, is the preamble of that act which extended to him, in the first in stance, a verbal and nominal freedom, ‘Whereas,’ it runs, ‘by the statute law of Scotland, as ex plained by the Judges of the courts of law there, many colliers, coal-bearers, and salters, are in a state of slavery or bondage, bound to the col lieries and salt-works, where they work for life, transferable with the collieries and salt-works, and and whereas the emancipating,’ &c.;, &c.; This emancipating act, however, failed virtually to emancipate, in consequence of certain conditions attached to it, which the poor workers under ground were too improvident and too little in genious to implement, and their actual emancipa tion did not take place until the year 1799, when it was effected by a second act, which stated in its preamble, that notwithstanding the former enact ment, ‘many colliers and conl- bearers still con tinued in a state of bondage’ in Scotland. When residing in a village situated on the neighbouring coal-field nearly thirty years ago, I had many opportunities of conversing with Scotchmen, the colliers of an adjacent hamlet who had been born slaves, and at that time I found the class still strongly marked by the slave nature. Though legally only transferable in the earlier time with the works, and the minerals to which they were attached, cases occasionally occurred in which they were actually transferred by sale from one part of the country to another. During the lapse of the present generation, the son of an extensive coal proprietor, when engaged in examining with a friend the pits of a proprietor in another part of the field, found a collier, the tones of whose speech resembled those of the colliers of his own dis trict, and inquired of him whether originally he had not belonged to it, ‘Oh !' exclaimed the man, with apparent surprise, ‘d’ye no ken me? Do ye no ken that your father sold me for a pony ?’ I owe the anecdote to Mr. Robert Chambers. There are few things more interesting in geolo gical science than those snatches of human history or those peculiarities of human condition, which we find associated, often necessarily, but usually very unexpectedly, with certain formations land groups of rocks. Dr. Buckland has shown, in his Bridgewater Treatise, that the various branches of industry prosecuted in the various districts of Eng land—pastoral, agricultural, and manufacturing —are regulated almost exclusively by the develop ment of the s veral geologic systems which form the framework of the special tracts in which they are pursued. I have been told by the late Dr. Malcolmson, of Madras, a man who stood high both in medical and geologic science, that he found the diseases of India vary according to the forma tions of the country, I attempted showing, on a former occasion, from this place, that a large pro portion of the world’s wars of independence have been prosecuted in its primary and its trap dis tricts. And we now see how in Scotland even, a subterranean life spent amid the coal measures, separated in destiny and standing one portion of the people as widely from all the others as the Rus sian serf is separated at the present time from the free-born Englishman. Nor is this curious passage in our domestic history without its lesson. The poor colliers had become very ignorant and very improvident, ere the law -enacting and law-admin istering powers of the kingdom succcded in meta morphosing them into slaves. May we not safely infer from such instances—and they are very many —that intelligence and morals form the true defences of a people’s liberties in even comparatively civilized times—that he who would connive at the popular ignorance is indifferent to the popular freedom—and that the truest patriot is the man who, by extending to his humbler countrymen the blessings of a solid education—an education both of the head and the heart—would impart to them at once the discernment to detect, and the moral courage to repel, every aggression, whether open or insidious, of unprincipled power ! —(To be con tinued.) 