DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. TWO VIGOROUS BAKERS.—Philip Junk and Alex- ander Cooper, the latter a master baker in Colling- wood, were brought ui- on warrant at the City Court, yesterday, charged with committing a breach of the peace in the house of Mrs. Montgomery in Latrobe street. The prisoner Cooper, a tall, powerful, lynx eyed baker, had supplied a Mrs. Kemp, a sister of Mrs. Montgomery, with sundry daily quantities of bread in Napier-street, Collingwood, in which house Mrs. Montgomery was at that time living with her sister. Suddenly, however, Mrs. Kemp changed her residence, to where, the man of dough could not dis cover, but finding Mrs. Montgomery, who appears to have separated from her delinquent sister, enjoying a residence in La Trobe-street, the prisoner Cooper, with Junk, who appears to have acted only from symathy with Cooper's misfortunes in the matter made a determined application on the unfortunate Mrs. Montgomery, calling her ill-names, and other wise, badly conducting themselves. She was defen ded, however, from violence by a Mr. Reid, her step father, who appears to have struck the prisoner. Junk with Cooper's whip, and called in the assistance of the police to put the bakers out. Mrs Montgomery, a very interesting and respectable looking person, deposed to the violent conduct of the prisoners, and sundry frowns and attempts at ejaculation on the part of the prisoner Cooper, who looked "great guns' of indignation at her the while, The Bench directed that Mrs. Montgomery had no right to be disturbed for the delinquencies of her sister, and directed the prisoners to be bound over in one surety of £50, or in two each of £25, which being forthcoming they were discharged. SOLICITING PROSTITUTION.—The majority of the public are, doubtless, unaware, that a. law is in existence by which lewd females may be discouraged in their attacks upon respectable parsers on, and punished for the act. In.theCity Court yesterday, Ann Wilson was charged by constable 3 Cdivisi'/n. with' soliciting prostitution, but as no person ap peared whom she had solicited, she was cautioned and discharged. THE PLENTY DIGGINGS.— A person arrived in town on Sunday bringing intelligence that parties are now working "Long Toms" at the Diamond Creek Diggings, with tolerable success. The profits are not high, but they are sufficient to defray expenses. STICKING UP.—A fellow named Barry, a vagabond looking individual, who much resisted the police in / his capture, was charged at the City Court, yesterday \ with presenting a revolver at n respectable inhabitant named Craig, in Little Napier-street, Collingwood and demanding his money. Mr. Craig mis very much terrified at so sudden and unexpected a step to his quiet progress home, at about one o'clock in the morning of yesterday, and took off his watch nnd handed it to the prisoner to appease him. The scoundrel then detnunded his money, and while the prosecutor was putting his hand into his pocket Ibr ibis purpose, the prisoner ran off; he wns followed by several respectable persons, nnd eventually ap prehended by the police. The' pistol wns not loaded and was picked up by the police near the scene of the fray. Tho prisoner threw away the watch,' which was, however, found. The prisoner wus committed for trial. A " LITTLE BOURKE STREET " CASE.—Margaret Robson, a bloated and disgusting specimen of fallen humanity, was churged nt the City Court yesterday, with robbing one Henry Hnrtmnn of £28 in a house of ill fame in Little Bourke .Street. Ilnrtmnn is one of those rude and navvy class of diggers who so fre quently figure in such cases of depravity, having .worked hard for a bit of gold on the diggings, nnd then foolishly nnd libidinously expose themselves to robbery on their return to town. Detective Rowley apprehended the woman, who said shosniv the-money lying on the bed, hut she did not tako it from the pro secutor. The case was remanded. OBTAINING GOODS BY FALSE PRETENCES.— S. U. Ubard was brought up at the City Court yesterday, charged with the above offence, but the iTiilcncc not appearing satisfactory, the 'prisoner was discharged.- John Hall, convicted of a similar offence, wns sentenced to six month's hard labour. DRUNKARDS.—At the City Court yesterday, the following individuals werceach fined 20s. Tor this outrage on propriety of demeanour beforo tho public. John Arnold, Thomas Brn'/.ier, John Crnrson, Maynard Smith, Joseph Liic.d, AVilliam Dorivn, Charles Hicks, aud Walter. Nicholson. Drunk and Disorderly.— John Hutchinson was brought up at the City. Court yesterday charged with being drunk and fighting in the streets, and fined 20s. and costs. John Whitmore, on a similar charge, was discharged. Henry Weasley, for creat ing a disturbance and being drunk, was .fined 20s. John Ryan, charged with being drunk and disturb ing tho peace, was fined 40s. John Barnes, for » similar offense mid. for assaulting the constable, was fined 20s. John Madignn, for boiiig drunk, and on the charge of William Woolley, for 'assaulting his' wife, was sentenced to three months' hard labor and bound ovor for a period of six months in two' surieties of £50 each to keep the peace. Patrick Kenna for being drunk and fighting in the streets was fined 40s. Jane Singleton and Honora lnnis, for fighting in the street, were each sent to gaol for seven days. David M'Clelland, for allowing his horse and dray to run away, and doing damage to the shop and premises of Louis Hamner, remanded from the day before, was discharged, James Way was sent to gaol for seven days for being refractory and tipsy. The -Amvsemf.nts of- the. , Puom.k.— Nothing mnrks the progress of a young nation in tho ? paths of civilization and refinement,' so much as the character of the amusements of the people. The tHste evinced in these matters is a pretty sure indication of the rank they hold in the social scale. Tho s'uccess of an enlightened and refined entertainment, is of more importance 10 socitsty than many nro willing to at tach to it. AH must agree that it is desirable, that in the hours of relaxation of the mim of' business, the tradesman, or tho mechanic, he should have some legitimate source of amusement, something to dmw him nwny from the hotel bar, or the smoking saloon. Perhaps no city ever made more rapid strides in this direction than Melbourne ; it is gra tifying to notice tho marked improvement which lave taken place within the last two years. In 185- nothing of tho kind presented itself but a few meagre concerts and a, theatre, that ho decent person visited. Now, see the change ; the theatre, hnririg thrown aside the Assassin's Ghost and the Red Fire of former times, brings forth 'pieces in which the intellectual and amusing are combined. . ? The consequence is that the style of audience is changed also. The low ruffian is superseded by the intelligent artizan. A man may enjoy an evening's amusement in company .with his wile and daughters without the fear of their eais being polluted by blas phemy or obscenity. The indefatigable.; 3Jllis pro duces, as ilThy magic, his Creiriorne,\\.\vhpre, when tired of the hot and dusiy city, you: can; inhale the pure breath of heaven whilst witnessing entertain ments of the most vaiied kind ; Winterbouoni and floury provido' amply and sufficiently for the lovers of music, and for the admirers of the menage a per fect temple is erected. Let it not bo said these things are trivial. They are as the swallows to a nation's .summer. Let success attend those, who, by their enterprise, energy, and talent, lead a people from the brutal aud debasing to 'the intellectual and refined;! THE NEW POLICE APPELLATIVE. — Whereas the name Joseph, or Joe, has lately become obnoxious to the police force in general, and to myself in particular, 1 hereby give notice, that any person or persons who may be detected in making use of the aforesaid name on any pretence whatever, shall be subjected to the penally of £5, or one months imprison ment. And further, deeming it expedient for the preservation of social order, to expunge the word Joseph, or Joe, from the English language, I here by require all parsons bearing that name to come forward, as good and loyal subjects, of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, and exchange that for some more fitting appellation. All persons refusing or neglecting to comply with this rbquisition on or before the 10th day of January next, -will be consi dered as traitors and rebels, and will be treated ac cordingly. Given under my hand, this twenty sixth day of December, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-four. — FUZ BUZ, Inspector. -(Com- municated.) Chalmers' School, Eureak — TheFree Church Presbytery of Melbourne examined this Institution on Tuesday, the 26th instant, in presence of a largo number of the parents in the district,' and others from a distance. Mr. Millar, the teacher, conducted the , examination, assisted by the Rev. Dr.'Mackay, and the Rev. Wm. Miller. The children displayed great readiness and intelligence in replying to the questions put to them on the various subjects drought forward. Their knowledge of Scripture History was most satisfactory, while their expertness in arithmetic and geography especially drew forth the commemdations of all parties present. The style and elegance of their reading was very superior, as well as the taste and time exhibited in the several pieces of music sung, and of poetry repeated throughout the day. At the conclusion of the examination, prizes, which hnd been supplied through the liberality of several iientlcmeti interested in the Institution, wero ^awarded to the pupils, according to their respective' merits. The Rev. Dr. Mackay then addressed the children, on the importance of improving .their,, advantages while in- such an Institution as this ; 'and took occasion to congratulate the parents of the district, on their pos sessing such an instructor nt the head of their local seminary There was but one cause of regret to him, viz., that there was not even a.l'nrger number of scholars enjoying these privileges, but he trusted tlmt on re-opening, alter the holidays, n considerable num ber of boarders from a distance would he found to present themselves, as desirous of participating in the same benefits .as those enjoyed here. .The Rev. Wm, Miller said that in coining out to be* present nt this examination, he had expected from his-past knowledge of the touchers, to find the school in a high state of order and efficiency, hut that his anticipations bad been more than realised by the results of that day's work. The teacher then -announced '-that two silver medals had been kindly promised to the hoy and girl most diligent in all branches during next session, the gifts of the Rev. Win. Miller and Mr. Lnwson, of .Melbourne. By reference to our advertising columns, it will be scon that this Institution re-opens on Mon day, the 22nd January, and from what we have beard of Mr. Millar, as an educationist,' combined with tht '?eaiity and healthfulncss of the locality, we can con fidently recommend this establishment to the attention of parents and guardians. Corporation PbuVumeiiy'.— We are as sensible as the oJllcer,* of the Corporation or the members of the grave City Council would desire us to be of the very many grave and- important claims which are daily ^occurring which require attention, and the expend iture of what funds are available for public purposes; consequently we shall not indulge on tlie present oc casion in that tone of indiscriminate censure of the nets of the corporation in which our contemporaries so frequently distil their ill-disguised animus nt this* aseful body of men. But we me desirous of calling the especial attention of the burdened corporation to a horrid stench which is beinq; emitted from an open drain at the junction of Swanston Street with Bourke Street., on the south side and in front of the Royal Mail Hotel. This place has become so bad from long inntlention as 10 render it almost impassable, especially in the season of night, and we are desirous in this instance of reversing the order adopted in the fable, by the old man by the boy in the appletree, and try what virtue there is in gentle suggestion and moderate persuasion. But by some means or other we really do hope the nuisance in question will be put a stop to. j BENEVOLENT ASYLUM.— This asylum was estab- lished in the year 1850, for tha purpose of relieving the aged, infirm, disabled, or destitute, of nil creeds and nations, and of ministering 10 them the comforts of religion by receiving and maintaining in a suit able building such as might be most benefited by being inmates of the asylum — by giving out-door relief in kind to families and individuals in tem porary distress — by affording medical assistance and medicine either by the establishment of a dispensary or otherwise, and by affording facilities for religious instruction and consolation to inmates of (the asylum. At the end of December, 1852, there were in the Asylum, 29 males, 14 females, and 5 children. At the close or the year 1853, ths books showed a very considerable increase, there had then been admitted into the Asylum 152 males, 67 females, and 55 children, showing un increase of 226 on the proceeding year, and up to the present time the admissions this year are us follows : 70 men, 30 females, and 80 children. At the end ofthe year 1853, there were in the Asylum, but 04 males, 28 temales, and 34 chil dren, leaving ii toial of 1-26 ; 48 having died, 11 dis missed for misconduct, and 137 discharged. The next leaf contains a table showing the above facts: — In the Asylum at the end of December, 1852 — Males, 22; females, 14; children, 5; total in 1852, 48. No. admitted in 1853 males 152 ; females, 07 ; children, 55 ; total in 1853, 274. Totals— Males, 181 females, 81 ; children, 60 ; making the grand total; 322\. Deaths— Males, 38; females, 8; children, 2; total deaths, 4S. Dismissals for misconduct — Males, 10; females, 1 ; total, 11. Discharged— Mules, 69 : females, 44 ; children, 24; total,- 137. Remaining at the end of 1851— Males, 64 ; females, 28..; 'children, 34; total, 126. Grand totals— Males, 181 ; females, 81 ; children, 60; total, 202. To October, 1854— 70 males, 30 females, and 80 children, in addition to the above. The Balance Sheet for the year 1853 showed a balance in favor of the Asylum to the amount of £776 9s. 10d. Such of the inmates as are able are obliged to assist in the general house work, and the cultivation of the garden, which is somewhat exten sive ; and from the sale of vegetables produced in this garden alone, in the year 1853, the sum of £80 13s. 1d. was derived. The receipts for the year 1853 ?were £5375 15s. 1d., and the disbursements £4598 I5s. 3d. A donation of £20 constitutes a Life Governor, and a monthly payment of £1 an Annual Governor. There is a school for the children, under the supervision of the National School Board. The Society's funds are derived from contributions and Government grants. Theatre Varieties at the Criterion.- — To those of our readers who aro fond of a really artistic and innocent performance, such as could be witnessed by the most chaste and pure minded with satisfaction, and by the critic with pleasure and advantage, we recommend a night at the Criterion, where they will have an opportunity of seeing some of the most talented performers, devoid of all tinsel and glitter, but full of pathos and real merit — to be found in the Colony, the rendering of the ladies especially is beyond all praise, and in a city, where female artistes of a first-class order are scarce, those ladies will not be long before they become popularly known and extensively patronised and appreciated. WESLEYAN DAY SCHOOL.—The new Day School which has recently been erected in Queen Street, under the auspices of this numerous and important body of Christians, is now completed and will be opened for scholastic purposes on Tuesday next, Jan. 2nd. The services of an efficient and well trained professional master, Mr. Bedford, who has satisfactorily acquitted himself in the conducting of important Wesleyan Day Schools in England, has been ungnged, and every arrangement made by which an efficient training of children may be carried out. IRON MANUFACTURE.—We observe that Messrs. R. & W. Porter are now erectling a very superior iron roofing over the premises of Messrs. Were, Kent, and Co., Flinders Lane. This roofing, which is certainly the most handsome and best constructed in the city, was contracted for with Mr. Were before his leaving for England. The manufacture of the roofing was en trusted to the brothers of Messrs. Porter, established in this buni'nossin Birmingham, and the result shows the work, to have been performed in a manner as creditable to tlio manufacturers as to our townsmen the Messrs. Porter, who designed it. Another im portant element in this afliiir. is, that of price, and combined with elegance, this will be n remarkably cheap building ; the whole work, including the blue stone walls upon which rests the iron work, costing but a fraction over £2000. CONCERT AT THE THEATRE ROYAL.—On Wednesday evening last we paid our second visit to the concert room of the New Theatre Royal, Bourke-street, and were grieved to find the attendance so limited, a result, however, easy to be accounted for, from the neglect of advertising, so that few persons were aware that a concert would take place. Whilst on the subject of mismanagement we would call Mr. Black's attention to the whistling, cat-calling, cooeing, and 'other eccentric ways of demanding an encore, which to ears polite are a nuisance unbearable, and if not suppressed, one that will go a long way to deter re- spectable persons from visiting the establishment. We would also suggest that footlights would add con- siderably to the misse en scene. Of the building we cannot speak in terms too eulogistic. As an en trance-hall it is scarcely surpassed at home, and if the theatre be on a similar scale, and embellished in the- same good taste, it will have no rival in the colony. As a concert-room it is admirably adapted to sliow off slight voices to advantage, the reverberation being so great ; but the effect produced by the piano is most peculiar, either the instrument is a bad one, or the tone is affected by the metallic roof, in no other way can we account for it; yet with the nttraction of novelty, the talent of the artistes engaged, and the low price cherged for admission, it did not serve to collect an audience sufficient in uum bcr to cover even the current expenses of the evening. Unless better support be accorded to recreations of this kind, concerts will soon bespoken of as things coeval with ancient history, for it cannot be supposed that auy one, after so many failures, will be rash enough to embark his capital in such, unremunerativeive speculations. But we are digressing from our mission, which is to speak of the. several artistes we had the pleasure of hearing on Wednesday. As the star of the evening, Mons. Coulon, first claims our attention, and wo can now say that he has in every way con firmed our first impression of his being an arUslcot the highest class. He afforded us the greati st grati fication' we have experienced for some time. But whilst expatiating on the merits of the great at trac tionof the evening, we must not forget the lesser constellations. Mr. Peck commenced the concert with a violin solo, which he played with his usual ability; overtures, however, are always da licient unless performed by an orchestra. Miss Clifford was brought forward as a substitute for her father, who it appears was labouring undor a cold, and to our thinking not a bad exchange either, for that gentleman has not impressed us with a very high idon of his abilities as a singer, while it affords us much pleasure in testifying to the taste and execution displayed by the young lady, who if her voice be not forced before' it arrives at maturity, will some day be a good soprano. Miss Stewart was in excellent voice, we never heard her to more advantage; but we fear she is too good a musician ever to become a finished singer. It is evident she reads music too quickly, and like most English vocalists clips her words; she should look to it, or it will grow upon her. Miss Hamilton sang that beautiful production of Mendelsohn's.. "The last violet" but she did not seem at ease, she appeared to be annoyed by some thing attached to her dress, albeit she won her cus tomary smile. An apology was offered for Mrs. Hancock,. on the score of hoarseness, but we failed to detect it, and the apology appeared unnecessary, for she obtained a unanimous encore to the first song she sang. We must not omit to notice the musician like manner in which M. Bial played the accompaniments. Altogether the entertninment was of a high character, and deserving of far better support than it received, and we do trust now that we have us led public attention to the losses sustained by the pro jesters of Musical Entertainments, that the public will come forward and accord them the patronage they deserve. ASTLEY'S AMPITHEATRE. — Rainer's Original Ethiopian Serenaders, who have performed with so much satisfaction to crowded audiences in this cityi at various houses, are announced to take a, benefit at this thtatre on Saturday evening, on whieh occa sion they will introduce many new 'and pleasineacls of joke and comicality. ' ? b. COUNTY COURT OF BOURKE.—This Court assem- bles this morning ab ten o'clock, for the despatch of business. The following is the causelist :— 291 M'Gailan v. Woodwaid 202 Kinan v. Bidstrup 295 Capper v.Bell 296 Erakine v. Costello ,298 Cavenagh v. Milhado 299 M'Kay v. Pbarce 305 Gee v. Thome 308 M'Lennan v. Calvert , 312 Macdonaldv.O'Rielly 314 Benn v.- Ditmaresquo 318\. Little v. Mason 336 Batoson v.Bear ; 140 Greenland v. Brasher . 313 Jarman v. Waller '344 Kirkpatrick v. Sinnett ' THE MELBOURNE UNIVERSITY, is in course of erection on a site about a mile from town on the Sydney road, to the north of Grattan Street. The building will be enclosud by au orna- mental fence 6 feet 3 inches high, em- bracing an area of ground measuring 40 acres. There will be two entrances on the west side, one on the east, and a main eulrance on the south. On the south west side of the basement we have the regis- trar's department, with a fire-proof record room underneath. Passing on, we come to the professor's rooms, with the culinary apartments below. The quadrangle, or 'quod,' to use a collegiate phrase, measures 94 ft. by 76 ft. The building, when finished, will be entered from the south, with a museum on the aast side, and a library on the west. A staircase ascends, from the entrance hall to the board room, and the several apartments over the tower. Passing through the 'Quod,' on the ground floor, we come to the examination and Dining Hall on the left hand, measuring1 69 ft. 6 in., long, and 30 ft. 10 in., broad. Upon the opposite or eastern side, we have die Demonstration Theatre, of similar dimensions, besides the Professor's Retiring Room and Laboratory. An archway, 19 foot 9 in., broad intersects the two compartments, and leads into the ofllees ot the back ; a small Lobby and Store -eing -on ?the east side communicating with the kitchen, and leading also into the Dining Hall. The kitchen measures 22 feet long, find 19 feet broad. A ol nil' ruiL'n fn f lm l»in*llt ' tl'lTtil tit i tiri i- tin fit n nHirfntn ?unit -\suriw uu vliv t *?-, uu iiiiiiu it i UU'J u IS uv (I, I/I J Y n LU museum, measuring 20 feet long, by 19 I'eet broad. The steward's rooms and Laundry aro on' the east side, and the wnshbouse, pantry, and kitchen on the west, oi- opposite side. Over these compartments, thero will be as mnny bed- rooms appropriated solely to the accommodation of the Professors; The Museum, Examination Hall, Dining Room, and Library are upon one floor; and the building; in cluding the domiciliary apartments, comprises' two stories. The height from the ground to the top of the battlement will be 40 feet. The height of the Examination Mall, from the floor-line to the apex, will be 52 feet. The entire elevation of the Tower will be 90 feet. The building covers nearly 32,000 square feet of ground, and its estimated cost is £100,000. Thero will be four large tanks provided, 12 feet deep by K feet diameter. Tho'.ra are, also, foil r large cisterns, 12 feet by 10 feet, and 0; feet deep, placed at each cornor of the 'Quod' on tho roof, in- the event of lire. The whole of, the edi fice is to be faced with freestone. . The foundation is alrcudy completed, and Tenders are invited for the erection of the superstructure. ENCLOSURE OF CARLTON GARDENS.—We perceive that operations havo at last commenced, for the oticlosureof the largo urea of unoccupied ground, thu sileof the future Curlton: Garden's ; and how ever laudable and justifiable may. he the object, or how extended soover our sympathies with the ne cessity for the act, .sf ill wecannot justify the course which is in operation l'or this purpose altogether, as no effortsaro taken to prevent persons who walk nuni- »l,i« m Iwtl* f rn %-ftt'Cori rl iuki'int fVnm . f*» 1 1 ! n~ .In.. — the borings .which are made for the. insertion of the posts. We do not know who are responsible for the neglect of allowing these holes to remain during the night; without any lino or light by which the travoller may bo prevented from ' putting his foot in thorn.' But a friend of ours, who happoned to bo pursuing his way into Col ling-wood on Wednes day night, happened unfortunately to step into one of those traps, and with difficulty released his foot. (Vomits unpleasant fixing. Wo can only say that bad he been injured, the heedless perpetrators' of this singular act of neglect would have hud to smart for the consequences. Meoiunios' Institute, Geelono.— Mx. J. T. Sar gent delivered .a lecture upon the PhrenoMesme rism at the Masonic Hall, yesterday evening. Bul'ore entering upon the subject ol his lecture, Mr. Sargent made some appropria'e remarks upon the benefit to lie derived from the Mechanics' institute, being vigorously supported by the people of Gcu long. The lecturer then proceeded to trace the ad vancement which'; in later years, had taken place in the various arts and sciences. PUreno-Mcsmerism was an anciont science — the Egyptian pretessea gave forth their oracle tt'iider its inlluonco. Thero was no doubt that the religious ceremonies of the Pcr.-iiaus were Intimately .connected with mesmerism. The Hindoos nnd thenativesofthis colony also pi'netice it. Mesmerism, although ol' so anciont, a date was nor until very lately that it has been a recogni el science. : Mr. Sargent hero described 'the. career of Mosmer, a. Germiin who in the last centuiy brought the science of mesmerism prominently befovo the world in Paris, but was eventually compelled by the Jesuits to leave Franca.- This scionce hai had many names . given to it, electro-biology .being. one. .After., touch! nj; upon., .cluirvoyiincii, Mr. Sargont wont to spoak of thu science of phrenology, an 1 said that it vm a sci?nen tlmt should bu' respected, in the education ofoiiildre'n, and in the choosing ol' husbands niid wives. Tlio lecturer concluded his lecture, by offering to mesmerise any ono of the coin patty, or to give their plirenalogicnl developments. The lecturer gave1 tho.phrenelogical development of three gout lemon who wore prexont. He also mesmerised one young gontleman, whom ho succeded in sending to sloop; Votes of thanks to the lecturer, and Mr. Win. Giblin, who occupied the chair', were then passed. Mr. Giblin stated 'that a soiree would be shortly given by the members of the Mechanics' Institute, and next week Mr. Wright would give (mother lecture upon 'Rominiscencos in A u s tra I iiv.' — ./ldvevliscr. Tub i'Liuiii, Case. — -We. have made several' ' last' allusions to this infamous nlfair, but now, it is to ho hoped, that, we have arrived at the ' very last.' If any. of our readers think that wo have' sought to. exiig'jeiatc the animus entertained by the lei;al fraternity, from the highest to the lowest, (with a few exceptions) to 'defend,' nt all. hazards, an erring moinbor of their craft, Jut them cjuiotly poruse iho memorandum in another column, signod Thomas Turner A'Beckott. ,Tlie animus is unmistakeahle. We doubt if legal ingenuity could inako it moru in sulting — Advertiser ? Assaulting a Tuunkey. — John Cass, a prisonor e'Mifineri in the Western Gaol, was charged'in the City Court, yesterday, with assaulting the Turnkey of the said Uaol and otherwise disturbing the peace, and was .sentenced to ono month's imprisonment. Inland Aghicui.tuiie — Accounts from the interior speak most favorably of the appearance of the crops aid the progress. of tho harvest. At Broad: meadow, Flemington, Keiloiy Woodund and Kyne ton, opci-Btions are going forward in a most cheerful maJiner; and if there ho any reason for discontent or cause for mortification, it is this, that' the pro niising waste and uncultivated lands of the provin cial districts are not equitably apportioned among the industrious classes at easy terms of tenure'. — What the colony -most requires are farmers oh a' smajl scale.. i These men constitute a peasantry, and finding an interest in agricultural avocations, they become bound to the' soil, and benefit' the local .market, while they elevate. the character. of the country. . . ? . Sunday Trading.— ATe are glad to find that a most vigorous determination exists on tho part of the Bench to put. down, thispractice, lately -so in ceasingly prevalent in this, city, of invading the sauotii'y of the Sabbath, to thegoneral demnraU/.a tion of the inhabitants and tlio especial bffciioe ol' tho well conducted portion of the pop' illation. At the Oity Court yesterday, Messrs. Wefdott and H ohards, Henry Dolany, and John Moss were seve rally fined 40s. and 4s. -jd. costs, and Thomas Nutiors), for the first oll'enco, 10s. and costs. Tho' charges were brought by Constable Grant, a very .active and intelligent officoiywlio should receive tha utmost encouragement in his laudable occupa tion. Excursion Trains on New Year's Day. — The Railway Company, in providing ample means of amusement and recreation to all classes of the com munity, deserve the publio support and thanks. The Secretary has- taken groat , trouble in the affair. 