RELATION OF THE OTTOMAN POWER TO THE REFORMATION. (From the Witness ) The future destinies of the Turkish Empire are at this moment a subject of eager discussion. The question acquires interest, not only from the desire of knowing the future, so prevalent amongst man- kind, but also from the critical position of the Ottoman empire, and from the conviction that a power like Turkey cannot pass away without drawing after it most important consequences to the rest of the world. The inquiry respecting the future destinies of Turkey becomes so far an inquiry respecting our own future destinies. It is not wonderful, therefore, that men are willing to write, and that men are Willing to read, al though we know of no special revelation which has been vouchsafed on this subject. Tint em pire, for a long time past, has been anything but a bustling actor on tho political stage, but its dis solution would be found to contain tho germ of very energetic action indeed. Turkey is like some octogenarian who has retired from business, and spends bis days in quiet, little talked of by his neighbours, and seldom mentioned even by his friends ; but who, the momeut he breathes his last, awakens an hundred interests, and puts in motion an hundred parties, to determine the nu merous delicate questions arising out of his estates and moveables; Were Turkey to give up the ghost, some of tho finest countries of the world would be found without a master. The question would instantly arise, ‘ Who is to be the owner of these fine cities, these strong castles, these plains and corn lands, these seas and harbours ? and who, especially, is to have tho keeping of the gates of the East, with power to open or shut them at pleasure to the hordes which may bo directing longing eyes to the wealth of tlie western world ?’ And thus tho movements consequent on the disso lution of Turkey would bo far more momentous than all the movements she has originated during the past eighty years of her existence. All this is obvious enough, and hence tlie interest attach ing to the inquiry respecting tho future of this em pire, and guesses, prognostications, and prophecies of all kinds, which are now being given forth on the subject. To glance a moment, then, at these speculations, dome will have it that Turkey will fall by the sword of Russia ;'others, that it will fall by the destructive force of internal revolutions; and others, that it will not fall at all, but, by a kind of transformation, rare among kingdoms, quietly and happily pass from being a Moslem to being a Christian State. This last is the most to be de sired, both for us and for Turkey, but in present circumstances it is the least probable. Events burry on at too rapid a rate to allow anything like a national development of the Christian eh> mcnt, weak as yet, in the Ottoman empire. There are, doubtless, upwnrds of ten millions of Chris tians in European Turkey at this moment, but the triumph of such Christianity as theirs would bo no great blessing, either to Turkey, or to the world. We would as soon have the indolent fanaticism of the Turk, ns (he virulent super stition of the Greek, The true Christianity of the Ottoman dominions is confined to the small Protestant communities scattered through the towns and provinces of Turkey, and which we have Mr. Layard’s authority for saying are grow ing every day. Christian, in the Greek sense, Turkey may become. Any internal revolution that may occur would probably end in this result. And in our day, all great changes on kingdoms are accomplished, in the first instance, not by the sword, but by revolution, from the power the popular element has acquired. But whenever Turkey ceases to be ruled by the Koran, the sceptre will not long be held by a descendant of the Prophet. A change of faith will inevitably bo followed by a change of dynasty: and the Moslems, inconsiderable in numbers, and no longer the privileged caste, would either pass out of ex istence, or become hewers of wood, and drawers of water to the Christian population. But what wo wisli here to speak of is, not the Future, but the Past, of Turkey. If a less exciting inquiry than the other, it is one that is more instructive, and one on which wo enjoy the benefit of more certain data. In the survey of their past career we can discern one well- defined mission which the Turks have been employed, unconsciously to themselves, in all ages in fulfill ing, and which, it is both interesting and instruc tive to observe, they are fulfilling nt this moment, and in (his very matter. Humble in their origin, sudden in their rise, fearfully destructive in their conquests, and grossly impuie and superstitious in faith, they were yet wielded by a higher Power, ns a scourge of idolatrous communities, and the pro tectors of the true religion. For ibis purpose were these Scythian wanderers and herdsmen summoned from the desert, and formed into a martial and conquering race. And it is most instructive to trace their whole career from the 27th of July 1299, when the passes of Olympus were opened to Othman, and to sec how their otherwise unsparing and indiscriminate slaughter was so directed as to’fall almost exclusively upon the idolatrous members of the Eastern Church, ami to leave unharmed individuals and communities which were not contaminated with the prevailing corruption. The Ottoman tempest passed in nocuously over humble sanctuaries where a spiri tual and invisible Deity was worshipped, while it fell with destructive force on those temples within which idols were enshrined. How often did the mitred head of the bishop and the shaven crown of the monk feel the weight of the Turkish scimitar, which was sheathed in the case of men of humbler origin and purer faith ! Thus did the T irks from the very first fulfil their mission ; and as their conquests extended and their power increased, they only the more plainly indicated their acqui escence in the task to which Providence hud summoned them. They were unconscious agents in the execution of that task, quite as much so as the tempest, or the earthquake, or the fiery bolt : nevertheless, moved by a superior Power, they went onward in the steady accomplishment of behests which they did not understand. They were raised up as ,a counterpoise to the Papal power of the West, which otherwise would have become enormously strong, and dangerously con federated, and so have put down all liberty and all religion. They were commissioned to check Rome, and to the same extent to shield Protes tantism ; and this they did times innumerable. There appears at first no very close connection between the capture o!’ Constantinople by Maho met 11, and the success of the Reformation ; and yet it would not bo difficult to bring a train of historic facts in proof that, but for tho occupa tion of the Byzantine capital by the Ottoman race, and their consequent interventions in the affairs of Europe, the Reformation would have been extin guished soon after it arose. It is curious to observe in the moral, as in the notural world, vast powers, destructive in themselves, by a nice balancing of forces become the origin of mighty benefits. Tho waste of waters in the oaean, the burning African desert, the great mountain chain ou whoso sides no vegetation is seen, and where there reigns eternal winter, fulfil in the economy of the globe indispensable functions. In like manner the barbarous and conquering Ottoman power, which formerly covered so large a porliou of the world with slaughter, and which has existed for some time past asbut a vast area of corruption and decay, has fulfilled most important offices in t tho political and moral economy of the world. Ajraiu and again, when Christianity was at the point of perishing, both before and since the Reformation,- the Turk lias appeared as her de liverer. About tho year 1424, Ziska led the Hussites triumphantly through Lausitz and Silesia into Hungary, whore they formed congregations, built churches, and freely worshipped according to their consciences. Rome, grieved at their flou rishing slate, concluded a contract with King Uladislaus, through the Cardinal Julian, that the Hussites, wherever found, should be completely destroyed. The bloody decree was on the point of execution, when the Turk broke the arm of tho persecutor. On the fatal field of Varna perished King Uladislaus, whom the Legate and the clergy had persuaded to break his solemnly sworn peace with tho Turks ; and around him lay the principal nobility and clergy who had instigated tho penal measures against the Hussites. On the same fatal field, stretched out in death, lay the Legate Julian, the main author of the bloody decree. Thus the triumph of the Ottomans brought rest to the Hussites, and introduced an era into Hungary highly favourable to the spread of the truth. In the beginning of the sixteenth century we find the Hussites again becoming the objects of persecution, and again rescuer! by the terror inspired by the arms of Selim I. ; and this period of quiet lasted till tho sun of the Reformation shed his warming beams upon them. Soon after the Reformation, we find the Pro testants in Germany threatened by a yet more terrible danger, and experiencing a yet more signal deliverance through the instrumentality of the Turks. The writings of Luther were finding their way into Hungary. Whalo cities and parishes were becoming Protestant. Romo saw the thunder-cloud gathering' over her head, and took instant measures to avert tho danger. King Louis, a youth of sixteen, at the instigation of Cardinal Cujctan, was induced to issue the terrible edict of 1523, according to which, ‘ All Lutherans, and those who favour them, as well us all ad herents to the sect, shall have their property confiscated, and themselves be punished with death, as heretics and foes of the most holy Virgin Mary.’ Rome had obtained her wish. Commis sions were already sent down to Transylvania to purge it of heresy. The writings of Luther were being sought for, to be publicly burned in tho market-place ; and when these measures had not the effect of terrifying the confessors of the Re formed Faith, a new decree was next year ob tained from the King, to the effect that “ All Lutherans shall be rooted out of the land ; and wherever they are found, either by clergy or lay men, they may be seized and burned !’ The drawn sword was suspended over the Protestants, when the King and the clergy found unexpectedly other objects to occupy their attention. Tho Emperor Soliman entered the country, besieging its towns, occupying its castles, and wasting its provinc.s. On tho 20th August 1526, the battle of Mohacs was fought, and the slain, which lay thick on the field at evening, included the King and the Legate, and seven bishops, and all tho more zealous instigators and agents of the perse cution against the Protestants. ‘ Such was the fatal battle of Mohacs, remarks Craig, in his His tory of the Protestant Church in Hungary, ‘which was at first considered not only as a great national, but even European calamity. God knew how to change tho curse into a blessing. For, as the terrible defeat of the Hungarians in Bavaria in 955 broke down their pride and cured them of their lust for plunder, and prepared the way for receiving Christianity, so did tho bloody battle of Mohacs remove so many powerful and bitter foes of the gospel, and took away at the same time means and agents for car rying out the bloody law of tho last diet.’ How often, when Rome persecuted, has tho Turk tole rated ? and how often, in evil times, have thp Protestants of Hungary fled into tho Ottoman pro vinces, and found under tho Crescent that freedom of conscience which was denied them in their own country? We shall quote only one other fact illustrative of the greater toleration of tho Turks ‘ The Turks, however, favoured the Protestants, says Craig, speaking of tho labours of certain Reformed preachers in the town of Tolnau ; ‘ for when tho recorder of the city brought the Pacha a large present, requesting him at the same time to banish the Protestants, the Turkish ruler inquired closely into the matter, and while the recorder narrowly escaped with his life, he gave orders that tho doctrines which Luther had discovered'—so he calls the gospel—should be everywhere freely preached,’ ” Every reader of history is aware, that oftener than once the combined arms of the Pope and the Emperor would have crushed the the Reformation, but for the undesigned but sea sonable intervention of the Ottomans. Thus has the Turkish Power been a counterpoise to the Papacy, and a bulwark, in a sense, to the Reform ation, And even to this hour the Ottomans are fulfiling their destiny ; for not only are they granting full toleration to all Protestants in tho Turkish dominions, but they are now operating as a diversion in favour of tho Reformation ; the Eastern affair having, meanwhile, broken up the league among tho Catholic Sovereigns of the Con tinent, which was pointed so ominously against British Protestants. And thus, whatever wrongs Rome may have for which to claim redress at the hands of Turkey, we, as Protestants, have none. 