ENGLISH EXTRACTS. EaUIP.me.nt for a week's walk 1 should recommend any one in want of a good homo walk not to stop out longer than about a week. He may let the railway take him quickly to new ground — it does not in the least matter what or where ; there is no (lull ground anywhere for tho pedestrian — aud then let hiin step out. Ho should uever look up to tho sky in fear, but in love and enjoyment. Tho more changes there are in it, the more variety and pleasure is provided for him. Let the sun beat at him, and the rain dash cheerily in his faco, nnd the wind blow all ill-humours out of him. Mo should go out iinpcdod with nothing ; have no knapsack, not even a sly scrap of luggage in his hat, no second coat upon his back; and no umbrella in his hand. He should go out nothing hut a hold unfettered iitiui, lu iiiivu uuuiiiiuiiiuii uiuiuuujy »ilii nature. He must make up his mind for tho week to disregard his personal appearance. In fine exciting stormy weather he will get a little draggle-tailed, he must not mind that He must be content for the week with a comb, a tooth-brush, a towel, nnd a pair of socks, in one coat-pocket, and a single reserve shirt in the other. That last named garment will very likely have been wet through once, and certainly be crumpled by the time ho puts it on. Its appearance does not matter in the least ; tho purposes of cleanliness will be for the nonco sufficiently answered ; and he must demand no more. Every morning ho should bathe in the first sparkling stream with which he meets, and that is why tho towel shonld be carried. More impediment lie ought not to take with him. Unless attached to it by liabit he ought not to take even a stick, hands absolutely free are altogether preferable. I need not say that ho must have a little money in liis purse ; it ought, however, to be little, and should bo used only to satisfy simple wants. — Dickens's Household Words. Robert Owen and tue Chelsea Ghost. — Mr. Robert Owen has received special in telligence respecting this detected apparition. IIo has written to the Morning Post : — "Sir, — At four four o'clock to-day I had, by appointment of the spirits of President Jefferson and Benjamin Franklin, a seance of importance, for on hour and a-half, and after wards at six o'clock, also by appointment, with hi9 Royal Highness the Duke of Kent for an hour, after which I inquired if any other spirit was presont : and Shelley, the poet, an old friend of mine, announced his presence and willingness to answer any questions, and the enclosed conversation occurred. I asked if it should be published, and he replied, ' Yes, and in the Morning Post.' Ho also wished myself and tho two mediums who wore present to accompany him to see this spirit, to-morrow, at five o'clock. It will, I think, interest the public. " Yours truly, Robert Owen." " I inquired of tho of_ Shelley, if Hie ghost in Pond torrace is a .spirit from the' spi ri world; and he said that; lie is. j asked of what family ? The spirit of Shelly replied, 'of the family of Ward.' I then asked, ' Do you know what the spirit wishes ? Yes; to make mediums.' ' In what way?' ' Because we want to convince them that spirits wish to communicate with their earth v friends.' « From what sphere is this spirit?' From the fourth sphere.' All this was ob tained by the alphabet. R. 0.'' "Washing Made Agreeable. — There is no washiug, after all, like gold washing. It is the kind of washing that pnys the best, and tho only one that n gentleman can,- with credit, put his hands to. — Punch. A Gin- drinker once insanely snid ' Bread is tho staff of life, but giu is lifo itself.' — .- Temperance Chronicle. Within tlio last three years but fifty<-cight soldiers suffered corporal punishment in each- year out of an army of 110,(109. Sixty shipwrights have left Deptford yard, and others aro leaving at the rate "of a- dozen per week. According to letters of the 21st of July from the Persian frontiers, Ispahan was nearly destroyed by an earthquako on the lltli. Can it not be the Teheran story wartned up ? A priest iu Poland, in a sermon on the subject, has annuounced that the new comet is the star which led the wise men to Beth lehem, and that it is to lead the Russian ar- i t.i:. l mica tu «.'uiiauivui.uivj|>tu iiis uiitiujwu received with enthusiasm Dr. Chalmers on the English Church. -'If the Evangelicals of the English Church had but a tenth part of their pluck and hardihood, they would either clear their Es tablishment of its Puscyism, or scatter so corrupt a hierarchy to tho winds. Dr. Huss's Pamphlet against the Lrnttdy- drinking which is now consuming Sweden, has been reprinted; 122,000 copies having been already disposed of, the largest number ever sold in Sweden, if we except the Bible, Catechism, and Almnnnck. Mr. William Chambers is about to pro ceed to North America, for the purpose of writing a descriptive tower through the Uni ted States and Canada, and collecting accu rate information respecting the condition and prospects of emigrants in tlic.su countries. Editorial Fighting Hours. — The Editor of the JElmira Republican notifies his sub scribers aud others, that his ' fighting hours are between 10 and 12 am., when lie will be happy to sec any one who wants any thing.' — American Paper. A Town of Shoemakers — The town of Lynn, Mass., contains 155 shoe factories, which give employment to 10,4(16 persons, of both sexes, in the manufacture of shoes. All Gone But One. — We copied n statu- ment from the Cincinnati ' Gazette,' a few days ago, that seven young men of that city. '21 years ago, agreed tohave an nonual meeting and supper "so long as any of their number should survive, and also stated that only two of them were then liviu?. Henry L. Tntem, Ksq , one of the two, died on Thursday last, leaving Dr. J, Vattier as the last man of the whole party. The next annual supper takes place in October, aud the ' Gazette' remarks : ' How awful that last supper, when the sole sunivor enters tho room, and sees there the seven plates and tho seven chair3, each of which tells him 1 what shadows .we are, what shadows we pursue !' ' Electrical Phenomena.— The Pilchburg Reveille , in noticing the thunder-storm of Sa turday evening, says: " The atmosphere was so thoroughly charged with electricity that every melnlic substance was illuminated. A friend who was driving from West Fitchhurg in the tnidsl of the shower, informs us that as he was passing under the railroad bridge in that section, he was completely surrounded with electrical light, every nail-head in tho bridge being brilliantly illuminated, as well as the buckles on the harness of his horse, while the lightning played silently along tho iron holts of the bridge, contrasting most beautifully with the intense blackness succeed ing each flash. He experienced several slight shocks while passing the bridge." A Slave of General Washington's.— It is not generally known to our readers that there is yet living near Cookstown a slave of General Washington's. He is 124 years of age, and can walk six miles in a day. Hu is so old that his fingers and toes are nearly all white. He belonged to Washington when ho owned what is known as Washington's Bottom, on which Perrypolis now stands. The estate ot colonel look was aim stilt is nounu tor ins living. He is to he taken to the World's Fair for exhibit ion, if arrangements can he made. It is well known 'that Barnuni made his first pile of money by exhibiting a slave which he said belonged to Washington ; but it was all a humbug. For this matt being a slave of Washington's, the record of the transfer from Washington to Colonel Slteeve will prove. It is worth a trip to see him at his home. He has used tobacco and whisky all his life. — Monon- gahela Republican. A Lawyer, said Lord Brougham (in n face tious mood,) is a learned gentleman who res cues your estate from your enemies, and keeps it himself. An Order has been received in this (own for locomotive engines for Australia, — the first ever ordered for that Colony. — Newcastle Guardian. A Mrs Dunn is walking 1,000 miles m 1000 hours, at Wolverampton. She has ac complished about four-sixths of her task, and is very confident of success. " Let us remove temptation from the path of youth," as the frog said as he plunged into the water, when he saw n hoy pick up a stone. The Queen of Spain, who lately gave a rich dress to the statue of the Virgin in tho ' cathedral at Seville, has just presented the in fant Saviour of the same church with a liuodsomo dress and mantle, the former of cambric em broidered. Horses in Van Diem en's Land. — Just before the departure of the last mail, two cart horses wero sold for £420. «?A Child has been born in Exeter with thirteen fingers npon the right band, This will give it a hold on society. The Emperor of China is in his 22nd year j the Emperor of Austria is 23; and the Sultan of Persia 20. Three young men rule one- third of the world. Hobaht Town: Printed and Published by 'tho T'ro» prietor, Jamks Uuhnet, at the Tatmaniqii Colonist Office, Collins-stroet, to whom all communications . aro roqueatod to bo addrcssod, 