LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Friday, 1st September. ttOVRRMMENT vVORKS. Wr. FlgHtlR asked whether any directions had' issued for proceeding with th'e Council Chamber, and if not, why not; and If it were intended, when the works were resumed, to lo so uuuer me saini arraugjraeui as ueieiu fore. The COLONIAL SECRETARY svid no lirectioh had been given for the resumption if that work, nor was it likely, uitil the Council gave authority for the extra outlay required. At present they had only a vote rm the Supplementary Estimat !, and that was always liable to revicatiou, until'tha Appro priation Act was passed. Mr. FIdilfc/R -Then I understand the work will ba suspended until tho; Estimates are passed. *? : ? ? '* \\.--i The .COLONIAL SECRETARY-It : is very probable. ?: ??.???-.?? ?? ??? V j THE PUBLIC CEMETERY, i ^ Mr. KIN&STONsaid; he had been informed that the Lord Bishop and his clergy claimed an Vxalusive right t-) a largj 'portion of ' ;the_ public Uud set apart for a ceraefc ry. They n -t only, he was informed, prevented persons from being -nteired with other than episcopal rites, who had not purchased laml there, but also, prohibited similar interments in cases where the land had actually been purchased before the Bishop ca no to the colony. (Hoar, hear.) He was assured that when the peison in charge of the cemeiery saw preparations for ceremonials not of the Church of England, he came to the grive and prevented the com pletion of the obsequies. (Hear, hear.) ??. In consequence of 'sucli a proceeding ithe coffin in one initanco had to be taken up and removed . ;to /another part' of the cemetery where a gniye chanced to bd' open. '/He (Mr. Kingston) coulJ not iinagiue what authority the Bishop had over ; any part of thejeeraetery. It was, m the first instance, devoted to the whole of the colony,' and it did not appear that any part of it was exclusively granted to any sect. Not only did he doubt the existence of such a grant, but he did not believe there -was any power to make such an exclusive grant ; he would therefore ask the following questions, of which he had givan notice: — . . '?,. - i. Whether any land grant has been Issued giving to the Rifjht Reverend Dr. Short, Protestant Bishop of Adelaide, the freehold, of one-half of the ground reserved for, and fenced in at the public expense as, a general Cemetery, on West-terrace ? ? '.-.,. li. me umt!. ui suuu gruui-, auu iitus uumoriLj unucr irhich it was issued? hi. by what authority the Bishop and Clergy of the Jliurch of England chum the right to prevent Ministers if Religion, not being of the Church of England, from pcrforoqinir funeral services in tb.o \Vest-torrace Ceme tery for members of their respective congregations, more particularly in the case of parties whose families luive purchased leases of land therein? ? The COLONIAL -. SECRETARY would, b-jforo he answered the questions, take some notice of the remarks with which they wore U3hered in. He would also protest against such remarks as unfair. The hon, member had gone into statement!! which he (the Co lonial Secretary) did nof, hear vary well, and of course, whatever they were, they must g.-' forth to the world unanswered by him - — Mr. KINGSTON would williugly give the hon. Secretary the benefit of a specific state ment. His informant was Mr. M. G. Young, and the incident occurred at the funeral of Mr. J. J. Juat. Mr. Monck said no ceremonies but those of the Church of Englind could take pl-ice there, because the ground be-' longed to the Bishop. Another case (we understood the hon, member to say) was re ported to him by Mr. Spain, the draper. (Hear, hear.) In one of those cases the. Rev. Mr. Farrell happened to be at the cemetery, aud he said the ceremonies could pr--ceed for that time, but the exception should not be considered a precedent, as the Bishop would not allow it. ?.'. The COLONIAL SECRETARY hid heard the latter statement more clearly than the former, but that did not remove his objections to the unfairness of the syste.n which put forward statements inv jiving charges which ho one in that house could answer. (Hear, hear.) . He could well uridersUni that qu/js tions 8houldbe ushered in with statements that would enable a: satisfactory answer to be given to a specific question. He could not, however, answer as to the details of par ticular burials. Had proper notice been given he might have applied to the proper persons, who might possibly furnish a very proper an3wr. (Hear, hear.) He trusted the Council would see that a proper course had not been pursued. When questions were nsked, they should be of such a nature as the Government could answer. With regard to the first ques tion—By a land grant, boaring date 3rd May, 1849, HU Excellency was pleased to grant two pieces of land, amounting to 14 acres 2 roods and 30 perches, for the purposes of a cemetery for the Church of England, being a portion of the 65 acres, which was the whole area of the public cemetery. That was his direct answer to the first question, and he would refer to one (joint in connecti-m with it. When he was asked if any land grant had been issued giving. one- half of the cemetery to the Bishop, lie might have answered it with a simple negative, as no such grant had been issued, and the land granted did hot amount to one-f.mrth of the' whole area. With regard to the second question, he h id already given the dat*, and 'the authority was that of the Lieutenant-Governor. With regard to the third question— (Here the hon. Secretary read the question)— and said by virtue of the land grant. .^ - Mr. PEACOCK caused some: amusement by the earnojtuess with which he exclaimed— '? Wliat! after the laud was bjueht and paMfor?' ? ?' :?/'?? ??,-?:?''?-: The COLO'NI \L_SECRETARY might add that the Jow8 hid 1 acre 3 roods and 24 perches, the Ronrxn Catholics^ 3 acres and some perches ; but that, land \yis not granted. (Hear, hear.) If there was any other infor mation that, he could give, he would ba happy to furnish it. Mr. KINGSTON asked whether ornot'tbe land, grant referred to reserved the -righto i of parties who held leases of land in the cemetery. The COLON [ AL SECR ETAR Y imagiiied no p.-rson could claim-a right against the grant. No one cjuld give a right but the Governor himself. ' ''';:: r GLE}} OSMOND RAILWAY. Mr. BAKER laid upon tho tablo-the plan reference book, and a manuscript copy of theA Bill. He had, ho said, already given the neces-* sarynotice, andsignedadocumeutbindnijhim self to meet the expense of printing the Bill. He trustod the Council would consider that the proper time to throw out tha Bill if the principle was thought objectionable, and not, while objecting to the principle afterwards, defeat it on technical grounds. If the Council did uot approve of the principle, itwoull be useless to waste time by referring the Bill to a Select Committee, lie could well -under- stand that objections might arise to many matters of detail, and in fact he di 1 not in tend to bind himself to support all the clau es as they stood at present. The question was simply as to whither or not it was desiirable to form a railway from Glen Osmond, to be connected with tho Adelaide and Port Rail way ; and the principle w is, that an indivi vidual should form a railway, assisted by the Government in the outlay, and have q, return guaranteolofsix percent , the fares a idcharge9 to be fixed by Government or the Council liven if that Bijl was thrown out, ho th u^ht it would be advisable to settle the principle' as to whether it was a dasirabb mode of coV structing railways, or whether the Council could suggest a more advantageous system. He believed the propo-eJ railway would ba a great a-sistance to the large and important agricultural district which he represented by enabling the settlers to ship their grain at Port Adelaide with mt the expense and diffi cuity they at present had to contend with by bringing their bullock teams to Adelaide. If the railway was established they need not go beyond the point where food could be obtained for their cattle ; they could deposit their Lad ing at the railway and return withiut baving incurred the expanse of remaining a night iu Adelaide. This was an expense that fell hard on them and which others did not suffer. Thu railway would also facilitate the delivery of building-st-'ne, timber, firewood, an-l other matters of large consumption in the city. It woul.l also work a great saving of the common road by a diversion of the h-avy traffic, and thus effect a considerable diniinuion of the public expenditure. He was in favour of the principle of assisting private enterprise in the construction of public works ; Iu thought il was a system conducive to economical im provement, and mo3t likely to be exten sively acted on. He was instructed to say also that the projector was willing to change places wi h the Government, and giv- the terms he applied for. Some diidculty might arise as to the notices. He believed none hud been given, and if that omission was fa al, of course the Bill must be rejected. The course of the line was, however, principally, if not entirely, through public land, while the Port Railwiy was entirely through private pro prrty. The deviations only on tlie proposed line would enter private property, and the projector had endeavoured to purchase the necessary laud, but they would not name the price. He would, in case the Bill was enter tained, have to ask for power to take snch private land at a fair compensation. Some thing had been Baid as to the exorm tirit rate of tolls, but the fact was,, as stated, the maximum rates of tolls were inadvertently copied from the old Act, but in the present Bill the blanks were left to ba filled in by the Council, when it woud fe 'for the pr «jector to accept or reject the Bill. The - principle which, he wished the. Council to bind itself to, was that private enterprise mi'ht bd assisted by public mouey 'm tlio eonstrucuon-.of public works, and a* profit of six p'*r cent, guaranteed. . If ho was pressed for his private opinion, he might say that Gl*n Osmond was not the very best line to get to Mount Barker. He thought a course might be found by what was called the . First Creek. With regard to the engineering diffi culties that might 1)3 fouu I, ho thought they were not very great. Twenty ton- of pro uce were brought to town for tho o.io ton of mer chandise that returned; and the weight of that townward traffic ini^ht bo made a lift at Mr. Steyeuson's garden or any other poiut. fixed on. By allowing the Bill t«- go into Committee no evil could arise, aud he felt certain that inujli practical good must result' from that decision. He moved— 'For leave to hrins in a Bill intituled 'A Bill for. makin', maintaining,', and working a Railway from Glen' Osinoud to the City of Adelaide, in the province of south Australia, to be called ' Tho Adelaide iuxd Glen Osmond ilattway,' with all proper and necessary works, station*, approaches, and deviations, with power to make exten sions to connect the same with the Adelaide City and Port .Railway.'-' ?'..-?' Mr. FloHKR seconded. Mr. ANGAS warasd the House that if it permitted the Bill to ba introduced they were pledged to its principle. (No, no; and hear, hear, from the dlouial Secretary.) Had the pri.uojp.le been left an open question, he would not have ppposad the introduction of the Bill ; but he' was not aware of any instance on record in England, Scotland, or Wales that could be considered a precedent. He believed, moreover, the principle to be a bad one mid he would not be a paty to voting public money in ai.l of private enterprise. No very material difficulty could arise in the way of the proprietor if he pursued the matter as a private uniiert iking. The greatest diffi culty would Lariae from its passing thr ugh corporation property. The line was so short, and the amount of capital required was -so small, that no difficulty could arise. Therefore he (Mr. Angas/ was for either one or another alternative — either mnke the line a public or a 'private measure. Iu the proposed plan of coustructin.? it by appropriating a portion of the public funds in aid of private capital, they would establish a vicious system, and there would be do end to the applications that would beset them for similar aid. (blear, hear.) The hon. gentleman who introduced the matter was himself undecided as to the best line, and the deviations raigiit involve very great ex pense,' more especially as that part of the colony had not been surveyed with regard to railway communication. He confessed, how ever, his chief objection was to the principle of assisting private enterprise with public money; but if the hon. mover could produce any instance either in Great Britain or Ireland where that principle had been acted on and worked well, he would vote for the motion ; if not, he must oppose it. The ADVO0ATE-GEMERA.L was placed in some difficulty by tho remarks of the hon. member for Mount Barker, which he confessed appeared to him 1 1 be a little inconsistent. He first stated his wish that if the House did not approve of the principle that leave to intro duce if should be refused, and then ho said, even if the House did not approve of the principle of the Bill, it might still be advan tageous to refer it to a Committee for the satte of the suggestions it might elicit. ; Mr. BAKER exphined. Ho did not wish the principle of the Bill to be thrown out merely on the ground that a better line might have been found. ? - The ADVOUATE-GENERAL understood! the hon.' member then to mean that the prin ciple involved was whether or not Govern ment aid in ly hi properly given to arijitn portdnt public undertaking. That being the only poiut; it remained for the fctoase/ to -'con - sider if tho matter prqposelwus such an undertaking as should, be aided. On that understanding he should ' have no hesi tation in voting for- the. introduction' of the . Bill, .da tr ought, however, with the hon. mover, that it would be foolish in the Council to allow the introduction, of a Bill which involved a principle to which they were opposed. With regard to the details of the measure, he had, in common with the hon. member 'for Mounts Barker, very greaff doubts. As to the wisdom of assisting the works and guaranteeing a profit, he thought the House might do so on being convinced of the' necessity or importance of the proposed work. He thought Goveramant might lend -money for;,the completion of Bu^h a work/secured, o^ course, on the previous expenditure; but to advance money and at th.3 sam,e time guaraiit tee profit 6u tl}e private expenditure, would ba an indefensible principle. (Hear, hear, from Mr. Augas.) He should be sorry to see such a principle adopt-jd, although he would not say that circumstances migat not arise when 'it might be allowed. He rose in the first instance to expla'n the difficulty he was : placed in ; that was explained, and now he was willing to vote for the admission of the Bill, on t ie understanding that the project would secure a public benefit, and the plan was such as the Committee would recommend to be car ried Qut.; ? .-:;'? Tlie CQLQNIAL, SECRETARY felt bound to say a fww words now that he raigiit not be mi.tuuderatood when the Bill came under full discussion. Ho diJ not op 'pose the' inlr iduction of the Bill, for he did uot .know, what it was ; but he understood that the principle was, that public money might be advanced in aid of private capital iu jvorks approved of by the Council. Further than that he cordJ not go ; but the hon. member for Mou,nt Barker went much further when he spoke of a loan by Gqvenimeut, and a guarantee of 6 percent. It was said, also in recommendation of the H.ll that it would travel along a main road, and would not Inter fere with private (iropertv. It was ad nitted, however, that if it were found to be necessary to take the line along private property, tlie projector would ask the Council for permission to do so. That was a poiut upon wh ch lie (the Colonial Secretary) must make a remark, notwithstanding his sanctioning the intro duction of the Bill. A largo sum, was asked in the former Bill (aud he did not know what the proposed measure claimed)— on j-half of the necessary capital in fact ; but should the line come dowu a public road, the public would, in addition to the estimated capital, bo contributing something like £70,00.). (Hear, hear.) Supposing the line absorbed half a chain in width of the road, that would bo four acres to the mile; and as the line was to be nearly five miles lo:ig, that would mike 20 acres of public land. Then there were five stations marked on the plan; and, allowing only ten acres to each station,' that would make 70 acres of public land in all. Calculating the value of that laud at the moderate rate of £1,000 per acre, the present value of land on S.uth-terraca— (a laugh)— and which prob ibly would soon bo tha value of all land in that neighbourhood— ( hear, hear)— he might be accused of taking an exaggerated view of the value of thu land; but take half his estim ite, aud it would give an amqunt that should not be left ? ut of con sideration in discussing the merits of that measure, (dear, hear.) He thought t!v; Council should have a report from the Central Road Board, to see how they woa.ll entertain a questiou affecting a line of road on which thuy'had expended so muih money. Thjy should also hear how the Corporation would deil with a project that proposed to take so much of the public land, of which they were the conservators, and which would bbek uo so many streets, which they might feel it their duty to keep open. It woul I tnen be for the Council to consider if the project promised .id vantages counterbalancing all objections ; but of course all that would hi fully discussed on the second reading. The hon. member for Mou jit Barker said Mr. Hardy would be satis fied if the Couucii allowed him t- bring the line auy way h,e liked, if the public road could not be takea. He had no doubt that would satisfy any projector; but how were the proprietors of the invaded land to be satis fied? If the more principle were adopted, it would create great alar ?-, until tho actual line was settled. Were they t) sanction even the ghost of such a principle, it would be very inconsistent, and they would be the first to regret it. He could not see how deviations could bs made, without affecting private pro perty, notwithstanding what had-been said by the hon. membsr lor Mount Barker. The' hoii. member fur tho Hurra might detect an error in his figures, but the principle he went on was, in tha former Bill the limit of deviation was 200 yards. Mr. BAKER would willingly spare the hon. gentleman's bnath and very valuable time He was evidently speaking without an ac quaintance with the plans; there were to be n - deviations, except on the Park Lands. The COLONIAL SECRETARY- There was ona moce remark. Mr! Har ly was wil ling to rent tho railway to the Government He thought the promoters would be the verv first to cry out against their recklessness if they proposed to make such a railway and time of the Gounod was conBunjed ia the digl cussion of Buch a project, some guarantee should have been given that it was a hona fide undertaking. In England, a certain amount of capital should be deposited, and in their former railway regulations such deposit was required. It was therefore- for the Council to consider how far such precaution was ueeessary in that case. He was in favour nf a railway passing tho hills and connecting Port Adelaide with the Kiver Murray— (hear, hear) — but ho was by no means certain that Glon Osmond was the proper line. He would be prepared to move that Government should undertake such a line, and he would support any prnj ct that would construct a part of a trunk line connecting Port Adelaide with the River Murray. Even in that case he coul I ndl consent to its going along a main roal, or any part of one, without the consent of the Central Board, and their assurance that it would no.t damage or interfere with other descriptions of traffic. The railway also should be con structed so as to permit tho use of locomotives the same as would ba in use on the City and Port line. He believed he had drawn atten tion to every point that would be prominent during the difcussion, and in consenting to the first Miidiuir he did not pledge himself to either the line 1 lid down, the plan, or to auyother prin ciple, than that it was proper to grant public capital iu ail of the construction by private means of railways of a pmpur character. In agreeing to that he considered it was only the second oest course, for he was convinced that railwaysalong main trunk lines should be con structed by the public whenever they could raise the money, either from the revenue or from properly raised loans, and the liquidation of the debt provided for. Where, however the undertaking was so vast that tho public resources were insufficient, he would encourage by all prudent meaus the invest* ment of private cap! til in the undertaking. Mr. STEPHENS said he had been given to understand that there had been no public road liid out at Glen Osmond, and tint the present road was ceded by private, individuals to the Government in trust f -r the public. He was also informed that the land was never con veyed to the Govern nent, which consequently could uot alienate the property. the KEGISTKAK-UENERA.L differed in opinion from the hon. member for Barossa respecting the policy of carrying out publio works through private enterprise assisted hy the' Government. But he hoped the hon. meinbjr for Mount Barker, in his reply, wouU state whether it was intended that the Government shou'd be required to guarantee a minimum profit, and to grant a loan also. He would not in that case support the BilL Another point upon which ho would require an assurance from the Committee was, that t'ie loan should not bj takuu up in the event of all the surplus revenue bting required in furtheranoo of works of greater or more general public utility. For instance, supposing the Select Committee ti- decide that a railway to Gawler Town would be of much greater benefit to the public thau that to Glen Osmond, and that the surplus revenue would hi insufficient to facilitate the carrying out of both purposes, he would oppose any provision in tlio Bill foe the last-mentioned purpose, which would have the effect of abstracting funds required for tha former. He would support the first reading of the Bill, pending the hon. member's reply. Mr. BAGOT agreed with the hon. Kegixtrar Geueral iu his remarks, but thought it would bj a dangerous practice to insist upon bon. members being required to pledge themselves to the principle ot a Bill at ttie time when the motion for leave to introduce it was before the Council. He would support tho motion. Mr. BAKER replied — It would be impos sible for him to bind the hon. member for Light, or the Government, as it respected the principle of the Bill. Tlie first point ha wished to ascertain with regard to the Bill was, as to whether hon. me . bjrs were opposed to. borrowing money for public purposos. He was also qaite awara that it would bo useless to attempt to carry. any Bill through that House without the support of the Government, who, with their noinineos, could successfully oppose auy measure they pleased. The COLONIAL SECRETARY— It is not a Government question at a!l. The Govern ment members are free to vote upon it as they please. Jdr. BAKER oontinued. He gathered from what the hon. the Coloniul Secretary hail said, that though he would not oppose tha first reading of the Bill, he (Mr. Baker) might expect his opposition to it iu every stage of its progress through the House. Such being the case he saw hot the slightest chance: of its being carried, and though he would not withdraw the motiou, he would refrain from even moving the first reading of the BUU until the projector of the raUway. had fceea consulted, lest he should ho put to further un necessary expense. Th.«i horn, member for Barossa hid said he woul I not under any cir cu-nstance3 consent to. the voting of money in support of private enterprise ; but by what other means could the House put. a stop to that reckless expenditure by ihi Government of which ; the hon.- member had justly com plained. He would refer to the erection of the new Council Chamber, He called that a reckless expenditure. In a colony like t'jis the public buildings should bo constructed in a simple stylo of t\rch.Uec» ture, whereas that bvjilding was the most ex travagant and expensive that could have been designed. .A plain and simple stylo of archi tecture should have been adopted, such as tho Grecian or the Italian, which would not hare required one-half the expenditure, and have been more commodious than the present build ing. The Government had incurred tho charge of reoklossuxpouditure by commencing publio buildings which befo.e their completion cost as much for additions and alterations as the o iginal estimates. Such had been the. case witli regard to the Supreme Court, ajid the Lunatic Asylum. But tl^ Colonial' Secre... tary seemed to suppose that if a man's expen diture was Ie3s than his inoome he could not be guilty of extravagance. It was very pos sible, however, for either a private individual or the Government to limit their outlay by their actual revenue, and yet from a want of proper economy, to bo guilty of thu most reckless ex travaga»ce. So, again, he would suppose ittoba determinid to construct a railway, with nnney borrowed in England at G per cent. ; and to meet their liabilities the directors weroqbljgetj to go the banking establishment on Noith* terrace, and purchase bills ni 3 per cent, pre mium. He -would oall that a reckless expen diture. On Bom.i future occasion he would perhaps refjr to other matters connected with tho manner in which .ho Government dis posed of the public revenue. The hon. the Colo nel Secretary had said that he knew no.hing about the plan of the proposed railway from Glen Osmond, and yet he referred to the objec tionable ' iron band,' which was to lock up tha streets of Adelaide. He preened, however, that tho objection would not have been mado had the Government undertaken to constrtct a simihr railway. With regard to the dis pjsal of the land, which at its present rate would add a million pounds t.- the revenue in ab.ut three years, Iu conceived that the best mode of preventing the reckless expenditure of so 1 irgd an amount, woul.l be to encouraga private enterprise by way of lo ins for publio works. By th it means they would be able to construct a number of railwiys throughqqt the country in a few years.^ujBcient to meet all their requirements. He was not ad^o cating axponsivo locomotive railways, but considered 20 miles of a tramroad to be of more public utility th n 10 miles of railway costing the same sum t ) construct it. Tho hon. the Colonial Secretary had stated that the railway to Glen O3inoud would take up 50 acres of hmd. He (Mr. Biker) would *Ute in reply, that there were, according to tlie phn, one block of four acres, and five othei* of two acres each, passing through priv.ite laud;!, aud about 14 other acres, making a total of but 23 acres, or little more than hilf the quantity stated by the ton ?membjr. Then as to the value of th,o' lahij? required from the Government. Supposing them tj bs worth at any future tiiny as nvicti as the Colonial Secretary seemed* to suppose they would, the Gqvein.ni-.'i4 would have the power of taking possession of them a^ain if so disp -sed. The hon. member for Baros«a had said that if hat Hill were passed there would be no end to tho application* which would be made to the Government fqe 3imilar purposes. That wus just what Ka (Mr. Haker) wanted. He would be gisd io find that there were continual applicatfona made to the Governm ntfor loans towards tfafl construction of railways by private companies to tho extent of the amouut of their capiuL and hoped tlw hon. member to whom h|ha4 referred would be amongst tho first to uiaK Ayes-The Colonial Secretary, Refristrww Genera Collector of Customs, MekmNeSS Baler ' ^ FiS'aer- Teiler-5S Noes-Messrs. G'les, Peacock, Reynolds. Gramger.ana Stephens.. Teller-Mr, ffl Adjourned till Tuesday next, -F* 