THiE SYDNEY ELECTION. AN eminent writer, in speaking of the 3F'rench capital, snys that " Paris is vir tually France;" and this in a particular sense may be said to be true-it certainly is correct if we mziv use the expression as a firure of speech to denoto that, whatever principles or party are ldomii nant i I'Paris govern and regulate for the time being the whole of France. Although tihe nxiom will scarcely apply to the capital of any other European country, yet we hold that in this colony the cityof Sydney, from its local position, its vast poplulation and immense wealth, may claim, and justly too tlihe right of leading the van in legislating fbo the wants and wishes of a colony that now contains within itself all the elements of greatness, and must inevitably, at no very distant day, lbeconme a great and minriht. nation. lt was on this assumption that we -addressed tihe electors of Syncey just preceding the election, remindin them of their elevated position, and t at ge nerations then unnlorn would probably experience the result of the then impend ing clection, either as a curse or a bless ing. Being equally interested in the welfave and prosperity of the land of our adoption with our neighbours residing in the metropolis, we felt anxious to im hiress upon the electors of Sydney the necessity of placing in the legislature of the colony, no their representative, a man of probity, integrity, and talent of tihe highest order,- a masn srieose position auid standing iL society, cosibinaed seitle arn enlightened mind and liberal anid conmpsrehensicv cvicws, particlarl/ly touch isg colonial interests, woulil secure for him every deference from the powvers that be, snd the unrestrained confidence of cecry class of colonial society. Any person acquainted with the his tory of either anclent or mnodlern times, ws-ill readily admit the force of our rea soning. We feel assured that even in the remote districts of Australia thero are many who can look back through the long vista of past years and behold in their mind's eye a sipgle individual standing forwa-rd as the champion of his countrj' riglits insd mnaking the invailers of hez liberties shrink from the unihal oewed task of chaining the houman mind. I'hilip, of Macedon, decla-ed he would rathes- encounter, in battle array, twenty thousand of the best son. -Greece could producy thasn he subject to one of the -awful t(enunciations directed against hinm by Demesthones. Greces, unlike our own country, abounded with such pa' trsiots, and up to the present hour Ilu aimmeirmner ,iti, Ib ihelm us 0mn,,' h'lo political reider will find thousnrd.s of shch calnes in tlhe olhl world, nndl ill more diodern tinies he cinnot foil to be forcibly struck with tlhe flact that in the Iish P'limncent the genius and clo qucnce of a Curran snr a Grattan, for a time, withstood the torrent of corruption and bribery; that in France the mimlitv intellect of I?Odillon ITarart, nided hr La mnartine, nacceleratedrl tihe prog'ress of a erolution lwhich prostrated tlw last re lict of tyranny in the dust; nuld that in our father land, the land of thie mighty. nnd the firee, it was the united Cnergipes, talents, and abilitie.s of a Grey, a Vox, Altlhori, and Itussel, that attacked the sbtronghflohls of those Tory Lords?,-false friendls, And then no,5d hlhO,, eIa, 5, tho hery miO." and continued their attacks on thie cita dli, session after session, each time breaching tlhe outworks, until, finally, the whole fhbrio of ldespotism was tmn bled from its base and crushed beneath the pondleroms weight of the Refbrm Bill. VWhen we last nddressed our renders, and thie electors of the metropolis in particular, we felt painfully alive to the necessity of Sydney selecting and return ing a man of the first-rate calibre of in tellect to representits interests, and also the interests of the who!e colony, thlnt are so closely bound up with the 'capital. \---We say painfillyv alive to the nIeces sity, because at tlhe time we wrote we felt assured that such men as we endea roared to point out were to be found in Sydney; but at the same time we en tertained fears that the greatest and best of her citizens were so fearfully inocu lated with the mammon of unrighteous ness that they woulv d sacrifice oevery principle of patriotism oin the altar of self-interest; nor were our fears without foundation; for we regret to say, the opportunity hlns been nllowred to pass awny, and what might have hIen esta blisiedt as an era from whence to dlate a nation's greatanessP, will only be rememn bcred in the pages of colonial listory as one of those scenes tlhat can ornly fiedl s parallel in the old days of English elec tion contests. Most of our readers are aware that the only canditldates for the represent ition of Sydlney were Mr. Kemp, nlate joint pro prietor of the Sjdnssj .ornins IJsrasl, andl Mr.Parkes, prolrietor of thile Ejmpire daily newspaper. Nos we readily ad mit, with nearly every person in the colony, tlht in all the relations of private lifo these two gentlemen are irreproacl able; but if we take thems on their own slowiing, we must candidly conlfess that neither of them comnies iup to os' stan dard of what the representstive of Sy"l nay should ihe. Thie political sentismentsi of Mtr. Kemp lhave been sounded with the trumpet-tongue of the Sydnec He ralr thro-ugh a series of years, an5s they certainly are such as to justify the great mnjority of the colonists in their ex psssed opinion, that hlie was an runfit Iperson to reIltsent the metropolitan city. Mr. Panrkes, the successhd caihi ldate, as is well known, is a gentlemsan whio hIs raised hismself to his preseint respec'table piosition sa journalist bhy n extraordinlary degree of perseveransce. VWe believe his sentiments on great con stitutional questions iare sound in the abstract, but as an individual hle has no Ipolitical prestige-no locus standi in the political worll ; aind we are stronglyin clined to think hIis peculiar notions, being ltra-tldomencratic, will lead him in fto an altagonistic position, at the expensIc e of the public interests. But, lapart fr'om these objections, we think that the great and responsible duties lwhiclh hlie hais to dlisclharsge, as edlitor of a ldaily paper, are such as to require hIis whole undivided attention. hMr. Parkes (thlrougl his journal) lhaes identified himself with all the liberal measures of the slay, sisd conseqIuenItly lhas rendered himself very popular witllh the greant body of the peolile in Sy diny, as was exemplified by the large majority of votes in his favor sat the cdose of tilhe contest; but we contendl that popularit' in a candidate is not positive evidence of hIis fitness for such a distinguislhed post; and we cannot but think thait hadl the electors sought in the right quarter, they could hs've found a sman imoro fitting tlhns either of thIe gentlemen whso soli cited theoir suflfrages. We say sgain, that as private indivi duals dischars ing their relative duties to society, both t'?l?e candidates are gen tlemen of high moral worth, and we re gret that a just sense of the duty we owe to the public has compelled us to express our conviction of the unlitness of either of them to represent the metropilis. We trust, however, that the gentle man who has been fortunate enough to obtain such a distinguished honor n.t the hands of thIe Sydney electors, will bear in mind our late atidmonition relative to the roads of the colony; and as we are sureo, at all events, tlhat hlie is not want ing in zeal ftur thie people's good, he will direct his early attention to that paria mount of all queastions. An individual, residin~g in Sydnoy, can form nothing like a correct idea of this grievance: it is one that is being felt daily and hourly by all the inhabitants of thlo inland dlis tricts---it is one that cripplles the powers and destroys the healthy action of the most energetic and vigorous enterprises, nol carries a conviction to the mind of the most go-a- head men amongst us, that our Governors are apathetic and in difirent to our mogt urgent wants. And lhere again we pause---but it is to remind our own immediate representatives in the Legislativo Council that they are impe ratively calledtl on by the pressing and urgent wants of tho district they repre sent, to makeo a firm and determined stand tfor a remedy of this cryilg evil. Whilst tlhe Government is squludacring thousands upon public works in the vicinity of Sydney, the utter uselessness of which is piatent to tlhe most supcrli cial observer, our representatives of the Southera districts have boenhigldy cul. pidsli in so long neglocting the interest5 of their constituents, and we now trus and hope that a grievence so universalnly felt, andl loudly complaincd of, will per Je array them in an irresistable plhalnx to arttle for the people's rights; and when they have procured for the colony good roanls they may rest assured of the peo ples aInsting gratitude. ]Electors of Sydnev! the expectation of all New; Soutlh \W:les has been fixed upon you, and at some fiture. period whenr Ilthe pen of the historian records tihe progress of the peopl,, to a ite, of high mloral :ndl intellectual perfection, it will be a imatter of gr'ave consideration whether you ha:ve accelerated or re turdedtl vymr country's weal. When some ni :Frnklin of tlhe Australian Con gress stands tborth to pass an eulogiuum oi those men who by their virtues and their integrity assisted in promoting their country's indlepenldence, it will he conme a question how thr your acts and deeds st the lust Election will entitle you to ibe erolledl on the scroll of lame, thalnt written in ch'racters of fire will for ages hence cast a ludo of glory round the imperishablle monument of oulr conn try's greatness. WV are son'y to observe in the eoplle' lAdvotrre s palr'agraph, where after quotimg a few garbled sentences from our iLeader on the " I)efesces of the Colony;" tile writer proceeds to indllge ill soure course nud vulgnr observa tinos at otr expense; chbrervations as surely indicative of en uneducated anud illiterate jar rr.'lrle, as the vae ti oll the church steeple Is of tile direction in whichI tile wind is blorwing. We rejoice ill otlr hope that tire gentlemen who are the proprietors, rnd we believe, under ordinary circumostanccs, the conducetors of that Journal, roie not tile anthors of thie low oll scrlrrilous produrction which we lhaveo alludedl to, as we most sinceerly trnst thrt their position, and tlheir knowledge of the conventional unages of society wouldr prevent thel; fromn becoming thie very Biilliigsgates of thie 'Prcasr. Oh, no, we cnuntt reliuve it. IHoweer in thus acqurritting thie legi tilmate conductors of thie i'cople's Arleoate from thie disgrace of allowirng srch Ir specirren of tihe slang of St. Giles' to figure in their columns, we are deterrrined not to let this beau idealof a Chtrtilt, or rather we should say " Red Rlepuhb lican" pass unscentthed. Our renders will rememlcr lthat we confessed thie dlificulty we laboured under in approaching esuch a Ronlentous suhjeect; and candidly ne knorwledged that we were ruancrquainted with all ti;os'sreieemes r nsian pln whics the tyranny of ankilnd ad Idevised for thie coercion nnd de struction of the great huln;an fotmily. At the sanlne tiine before giving publicity to our vierws relative to thie defences of the colony, we con sulited one of tihe nlost talentred mlilitary engi ntcers i; Nesew South Wales, arnd on firding thiat he lrad not onliy concurred ill or views btr t made several suggestions which we adopted, we hiesit:lted not to publish thie article in qures tion. And now amoongst all thie corresponrdelce larid hefore the piublic on this subject, hlts any plan ieen pioinrted ot by thie sapient writer in thie 1eollc'slAdvocate as more eligible than tlht suggesterd iy oursclves?--None. T'Ihe only ot jectiou whirrh thait most profrounid worthy could irossilry make, reing trhat tile expenrse would anrount to a million sterling, au cxpenso which the sister colony of Victoria wouild regard very lightly rwhren compared with the safety and protcetior of hler irmmense wealth, anRd fields of gold. It was not ihowever the subject rrtterof tire defence that called lfrth tire ire anti vulgar ,huse of tie "w riter" of thie paragraph alluded to; itrwas tile clear antd we tlrink corclusive oman nor in wlilch we rleil up to .public execration the " insanc" project of those who would to use their owrn explres?sionl " cut thie paiotrnl," raise tie standard of rebellion, and srubject a popu latio; of three ihundred thousandl beings to aill thie Iorrors of a civil war, that elicited thie en venolred spileeon of that solon whio ilis we think found his sway surreptitiously ilto the columns of thie Advlocate. We again put time question to our readers, and we fear nrot to abide by treir decision. Is not thilat man a nmost dangerous and vicious lunatic who would talk of separating an irfintt colony like this froni tihe most potent empire tihe snui ever shuone 1rrotn? anud that too, at a timeu whren invasioll is at least possible particularly, as we Imve it. fronl well nautheuticated sonrces thant Russian sthils of war are now really in thie Austrliai wsaters. ButI let us take tile writer of thie paragraphl it ques tion tn hris own shllewiug, tand tie; we miIay 1)ro-. bably form soire estimatei of whrit Iris character would be under certain circlustanccs.. In speaking of the defences of Sydney lie sRays, thant " spolntanous subscription sihould ie made ty tile werrlthy nlerchants and owners of prenoi sesin Sydney to defiay the expense contingecnt upon tire fobrnation of derfence thr tle piort and city, and destroying any foreigrers swho should be so hardy as to vellrture here ir inlly character but that of peaccfill visitors." Now an attentivo reader, on perusing this beautiful specimen of bad English, will at once see thle cloven foot peeping through thie edlsiion. We say biad EIsglish, for neitCher in a legal point of view, nor regarded asn the verncular of our mother counlltry, :als tile word 'prmClises"' Ilhaven any accepotatiou as atpplicable to the landlords oftSydntey-however to thoe point: It is pretty upparent that should such a disaster as ll in vasion really take place, our friend of the Adrocate would let the owners of property (we think he means that tenrm) defendl their lives and property int tile best suannucr they could, whilst lhe, lstriotic man, would eitlher meet tihe fate of lnobespierre in leading on a party of incendiaries; or should he beloltbund want ing it the courage necessary for such a gallanlt utlllder takinig, lie would msost likely aspire to claim tihe hIonor due to the miuuory ofl' an Arclhimedtes bIy being foaund giving up tihe ghost in the precincts of a place wte sllsl not oflbhnd thie cars of meo desty in menectJiug. We Ihope the re ae few sIuch men in Sydney, and trust, iand are indeed sure, thalt although ose or two cravens nty be foinsd with thle black blood of treachery flowing round their hearts, and ready to aid and sexult in the destruction of our fair mietropolis, overyBritish hand and heart in Stidney woueld rally roulld our national sotandtard alttd freely expend their blood it the deteace of the h eonmes of their adoption. 