Local and Provincial News CLOSE OF THE ROYAL VICTORIA THEA- TRE.-On Monday night the curtain fell for the last time under the Wyatt dynasty, and some three months or more must necessarily intervene before the door of the Victoria will be reopened. In the interval there will be a great hiatus in the amusement programme for the city ; but we will hope that of the late company some will occa- sionally favor us with an evening's entertain- ment, musical or otherwise. Mr. GRIFFITHS has, we understand, finally retired from the stage ; and on the occasion of parting with his old friends, was presented by them on Tuesday morning with a massive silver goblet and salver. The parting was naturally a painful one ; and for once the scene assumed a reality which drew tears from the eyes of the ladies,'and which were scarcely restrained by the gentlemen of the com- pany. With mutual expressions of esteem, each took leave of the Manager, and pledged him every happiness in his retirement, in sparkling bumpers. Mr and Mrs Waller will sail this day for Melbourne, to fulfil engagements in that city and Geelong. Mr Tuthill will accompany them. Mr Rogers is likewise bound for the same des tination, and the stars of the Victoria are for a time eclipsed. lt is gratifying to know, however, that these artistes will return on the opening of the two theatres, when a considerable accession of talent will be made to the rival corps. Mr Torning contemplates "making extensive altera- tions-in fact reconstructing altogether thc inte- rior of the honse. Mr Wyatt's new building is rapidly progressing, and will, most probably, be in a sufficient state of forwardness to admit of its being opened simultaneously with the Victoria. The performances on Monday night were for the " benefit" of Mr William Dind, the superinten- dent, whose able services and assiduous courtesy were deservedly acknowledged by a ''bumpcr". Tho following "is the inscription upon the Cup and Salver above mentioned ! - Presented . to . John Gordon Griffiths Esq., By the Company of the Royal Victoria Theatre, Sydney. As a Testimonial of their. Appreciation , of his Character . as Manager, Actor, and Friend, Sydney, June, 1854. On Monday evening, immediately after Mr Grif- fiths, had delivered his ." Farewell Address" to the Sydney public, an elegant silver Snuff Box was presented to him by the working hands of the Theatre bearing the following inscription: 'Presented to- ? . Mr J. G. Griffiths, . On his retirement from the Stage, . By the Working Hands of the Victoria Theatre, As a mark of respect and esteem. Sydney, June 26th l864. GRAND ASSAULT D'ARMES.— Professor Parker, who has recently arrived in this city from England, and who has had the honor of performing several times before Her Majesty, and the English nobility, announces a grand Enter- tainment in the Saloon of the Royal Hotel, on Tuesday evening next, for particulars of which vide advertised programme. CITIZENS' BALL.— The promoters of this f* e met on Thursday evening, nt Toogood's, Mr. Beaver in thc Chair, and agreed to change/ the name from Trade-men's Bail tn as above.' Mr. Lubeck was named Iloii. Secretary, and Mr. Whitfield, Treasurer. Some of our leading citizens hnvc neeepîed nominations as Committee i men. and we can promise tho fair sex that they j have a treat tn store. RECEPTION- or THC LIECTENAÍCT-GO rtaKOR OF VtcroRi*.-Sir Charles Hotham, Uily. and snitch arrived iii Hobson'* BIT. in the -/Queen of the South," steamer, on the 21st nit., and landed at Sandridge on the following day, whence they were escorted to Melbourne hy the officers of the Government, the Corporation, and other public ladies, and the principal inhabitants of the city, forming a munster demonstration of nearly 50.000 persons. Sir Chirles* reception, and installation into office, were marked by the utmost enihu-iasm. which was acknowledged by him in the following speech :- .r A ; I desire to renfler yon my mo« sincere trunks for the very cordial welcome which voa hare extended lo me, aa uj.&rwwn; a:ra-t¿er, oa lb« occasion of my landing on your &li;' and must consider Ute honour as paid io my oiRce, and therefore in the Quvcn tbtouk'h me. Ia tbe Queen's name, tbcrctore, t thank you. I snail mae ibeflrit opportunity of .totlfylnj to the Qjecu awl IO ilie Itritiiti lioventment bow I bave been received, and I bave no doubt that her STaJesty will bo (,'lad to boar of ibe nattering reception Itut has been Riven to her representative. The Indlcailoni of wealih whlclr Tour city presents are calculated to Impress a strait- s'** cumla-i Intu ll for the first time, and I Ilaire been struct: with the evidence* ofprVfriv»s both auctal aad commercial that have met my view. 1 liojie that my conduct will ba such a* to meet yiwr approval. Mlue Wai 1« a government otan hone« heart, aid of a hea'l that will tarn neither to Die rishi nor to the lef:, and will regard no object but ill duty. .linUn I thank you. The Irpitt give* tho following sketch of the new Lientcnant-Govenior and his lady : Slr Charles TTotbam ls an asreealde looldnE mao, a little above the middle beitrat, »f stiebt Azure, middle ase, abd slightly bald. There ts nothing rcmnriaMy aristocratic tn bis appearance, nur would ouc take bim tn he a sailor. Fro ra bit phrelot -çic-U develenement, we should think tbat tbe opinion seiterali.v entertained of him will be PHI nd correct, lie hits not, we taner, tbs lnrentire lacclty, so useful in surestime lnirentou» exjiedienu for untried circumstances ; for the political faculty. Hutu* him for the bicber walks nf s atctnansnlp ; but be bas the administrative faculty, which consulates a thorough man of business. Witb a nnlck per- 1 cepüoii and on active temperament, be will prove himself a clear thinker, a vigilant observer, and a prompt actor. His reflective powers will l«c scarcely »ofrleletilly «irons to lead j him beyond the obvious fact* of a ca«e, and will, therefore, 1 ofter no rwistitnee to tbe rapidity of his conclusions. Hts i tnlnd 14 «harp, hut pniliatdy déficient lit breadth. Upon tba whole, his ap carance is In favour; bis bead is well i n*lat*ccd, and admirably adapte*! k Hotham is much vomiter titan Slr Charles-hiving the ap I pcarauee of belair, under thirty, ino has a very amiable i cnuutenance. a little tanned with tie »eather-as the face ¡ ff a sailor's wife should be-otherwise Iwr complexion ls I fair, with Hellt,son, blue eyes. tVjih a little of.ihearis i tocratlc air e.bou: ber, she ls nnatfccied in ber mannar, and ' very prepossesstnff. Indeed, ono of the pleasantest features j of tbe demonstration uf Thursday was Ute evident satlsfac ! tlon In so cordial a reception that beamed, ta every glance I of Lady Hotham. She showed plainly tba- »he enjoyed the I whole affair, and went through a rather protracted ceremony with nerve, cheerfulness, and unmistakable gratification. ; tier kiudly and. gentle manner impressed the spectators vc O' favourably, and all agreed in uladly luokliic forward to the effect upon oloui.il society, of one who carries in her . countenance every indication of bein*; In character what she j ls in position-a th.irou-.rh representative of the "English I lady," the most truly loveable or created things. Lady llo I thom bas no appearance of haughtiness, and displayed no affectation in her dress, she wore a fancy straw bonnet, trimmed with pink ribbon, with a plain black cloak and a dark silk dress. Our description may not esactly suit ibe ladies, and they may wish fjr mora particulars than we are able either from the ramre of our observation or vocabu- lary to supply them with ; bu: we have no doubt the halls of Toorak will on many occasions afford them aa oppor- tunity of judging for themselves. MASONIC BALL.-This gay affair went off most brilliantly, as far as bright eyes, smiling face*, and elegant costumes contd make it so do; and thc courtesy and diligence of the Stewards gave every satisfaction. The Saloon of the Hovel Hotel was crowded to excess, and most of our leading Masonic friends were present with their families. Thc only c .mplaint of the even- j ing was about the supper. Which was anything but su/>rr-excellent or tvper abundant. STDSEY CIDER CELLARS.-"Weare sure that thc old freqncntersof the late Harmonic Soirees, and Judge anti Jury Court, held at the Masonic Hall, York street, will be glad to hear that the proprietors have' determined to renew these pleasant evenings, during the present dearth or amusement c nseqtient on the closing of the Theatre. The first friendly concert takes place I to-night, and every arrangement has been made i to ensure the comfort and gratification of visitors that their past experience can suggest. There ! will be no admission fee, and no extra charge ! from the ordinary bar prices, for liquors, viz: i sixpence a glass. ° THE HERWYN'S CONCERT.-These true ortistes gave their first public concert on Tuesday evening last, under the patronage of his Excellency the Governor-General. A crowded and fashionable house greeted the clever beneficiares, and the most unqualified approval followed every performance on the programme." M. llerwyn is a enmplcte master of his'difficult instrument, both in execution and intonation, and exhibited some almost marvellous powers of extracting new and complicated melodics from a single string. .His variations on our National Anthem were beauti- ful as extraordinary, nnd the harmonic effects the sweetest we ever heard drawn from" the instru . mont. Ho ploys without any npparon' exertion, or tho nse nf any fantastic fi ur.shes and contor- tions ; whilst the richness of his tones and b au tifully melodious combinations lose nono of their effect from tho pantomimic posturing so much in- dulged in hy violinists. Madame is a pianist of no mean pretensions, and has a brilliancy of touch and distinctness of harmony such as never before has been hoard this side"tho linc. The lady amateurs, and the French Buffo gentleman acquitted themselves very well; indeed, the comic duct between Mons. and Mad. D, was an artistic gem, and deserved the encore it received. <<. e trnst tho sncccss of their first concert will in-' dace the Herwyn's soon to favour us with ano- ther. ACCIDENTS.-On Sunday an accident which might have been attended with «crions consequences occurred "to Dnigan. While riding his professional round, his horse commenced " bucking", and although the Doctor stuck well to the pigskin for some half dozen of these equine freaks, he was eventually thrown. His right foot remained in the stirrup, the spring of which being rusty wa» rendered difficult of open- ing and releasing the font, which was severely lacerated. Beyond thcincomcnicnce of a few days confinement, "Tim" is doing "as well asean be ¡ expected**.-On the same dny, Mr George Moss, of the Willow Tree Inn, while driving his eura rpota was kicked in the endeavour to re- j lease bis horse, which had s^ied and got one of its legs over the shaft, and sustained a compound fraMnre of the ankle. Mr Moss was conveyed home, anti Dr Warren was promptly in attend- ance, and »et the wounded limb.--On Wed- nesday morning, Mr Spencer, late of the Vic- toria Theatre, while firing nt some gulls from a cutter outside of the Heads, the piece,' from an overcharge, cxplodod, and w.e regret to stnte carried away the right cheek" of thc unfortunate gentleman. The süßerer was os speedily os pos- sible brought to town, and c mveyed" to the infirmary, where ho is lying in a precarious state, although his medical attendants do not Çrononnce his recovery imj ossible. -- On hnrsday, a woman named Mary Hobbs, while in a state of intoxication, was knocked down at the corner of Pitt and Liverpool-streets, by the shaft of a dray, laden with stones, which was passing at the time. The wheel passed over, and fractured, her leg, and the unfortunate woman wa* .con rey ed to tho Infirmary. A HINT. -A correspondent writing from the Wimmera^sends thc following sug- gestion to patties travelling in tho bush i-" If a person gets lost on the plains, let him light a fire, and tito smoko will attract some crows. On perceiving that there is no food to be had at his fin«, the crows will fly in a direct line to the nearest station.-ticc.ong Advy>tUer. THE PENRITH. GAMBLIXO CASE.--On Friday tho 23rd ultimo, an - information was ex- hibited by tho Chief Constablo before the Penrith Bench, against Mr John Perry, landlord of the Hose Inn, for a breach of thc Gaming Act, hy permitting gambling in his house on a certain night during tho late races. Mr Holroyd ap- peared to prosecute, and Slr Nick-- ls was retain- ed for tho defence. The hearing of the case was eventually postponed until yesterday, but the re- sult hail not reached us up to tho time of going to press. THE MURDERERS OF MARCUS AND STONE. - The man Hughes committed by the Syd- ney Bench for trial at Melbourne on the charges of murdering Mr Abraham Marcus and John Stone, sailed in the Waratah on Wednesday, under the escort of Inspector Singleton and two officers of police. The other parties implicated have not yet been forwarded. OUR CHIEF PRIESTESS'S CON.-What is thc difference bottfeen a. literary lover and a husband?' A lover is all poetry, and a husband nil prose QWe should like to metre who per- petrated this.]: . BEU-A! HÓRRIDA BEIX-A!-Notice ts hereby given to oar sub-criber»-and asícnts thrnngboat the world, Constantinople inclusive, that unless every subscriber's account be dnly liquidated within., »ix weeks fr. m this present date, wc shall »hew them no "quarter" fi>r the future, but set mir Russians at them. Our "co iumns'" will, in such deplorable event, which thu god* avert, open tire without ceremony, and storm each foi tress successively, willi the assis- tance ' f our reserve "flies". N.B.-Recruiting Sergeants reqnired for Carcoar. Hortley. Bun- gonia. Campbelltown, Geelong and Adelaide. THE MURDERER GRAY.-The Execu- tive has commuted the capital sentence pawed upon this convict at the last Criminal Sessions for.tlie murder of Or Cuthill, to 15 years'_hard labour on the roads or other public^ works of the Colony. The convict before entering npon his punishment, to bc examined and reported upon hy thc medical attendants of thc Gaol as to his state of mind. [It strikes us os an unprece- dented conrsc, to c mmutc the murderer's sen- tence, b'fnr? his insanity-the only ground upon which execution was s ñght to bc arrested-had been clearly established, lt is almost analagous with hanging a man, and trying him afterwards. -Ki>s. E.L.S.] STRANOK COINCIDENCE.-It is some- what singular that the Christian names and titles of the Govenior-Genernl of the Col nies, and of the I ieutenant-Govemor of Victoria, should be ali Le Sir Charles Augustus Fitz Roy," and .. Sir Charles Augnstns Hotham." SCHEDULE FILED.-Ewing Pye Col- quhoun, of I an« C rc, near Sydney, gentleman. Mirrondercd his ctate for tho licnefit of his credit rs. The balance sheet states the amount of liabilities nt £2017. 8s ld; the assets.(all per- sonal, are vnlned at Xl 850; the deficiency being £167 8s ld. Mr W. Perry, fhcial assignee. ADVENTURES OF " A COMMISSIONER " IN"SEARCH OF QUARTERS IN STDXKY.- An elderly gentleman, representing himself to be a Commissioner, and wh . has of late successively honored with his palrormge thc establishments of j Petty's, the Cafr, and The An-tralien. forms the j hero of as pretty a lirtlo romance as can be ! desired. Like his friend, tho Kmpcror Nicholas, he wears a pair ff odd boots- not quite so sin- gularly odd'as those of the Czar, but nevertheless strangers to each other; indulges in pints of sherry, sandwiches, newspaper, and candles in bcd, and plays fantastic freaks occasionally with the sheets; will have a banking account when he has drawn his salary from thc Treasury, and wjll then it is expected (ettie his '* little bills." If not PLEASANT JAUNT TOR P. R. FANCY! .-A company adverti-es in the Paris journals that they will run i leasnre trains to Constanti- nople during tho wnrl Only imagine what a treat it will he f r all blood-tliir.-ty-rainded indi- viduals and admirers of mclo-drama-and what a . delightfully safe amusement ! Think of Mesdames Brown. Jones, and Robinson, muffling np their respective " old men" in comforter.» mid muffatees for a trip to thc wars, and their coming home to a quiet cup of Bohea, with a full. true, and particular ace nnt of how many Roosisns Lord Cardigan cut in half, and thc number of Cossacks Sir de Lacy I- vans swnllowcd. NEW SHIRTS OP MAIL "-The Yankees are calculated to bc rather 'tarnation shrewd in having an eye to business in the midst of the most serious affairs, and to have played s me of thc cleverest dodges of "gomm ning on 'em Sammy!" that ever graced the annals of com- mercial speculation : but wc do not think any down-easter ever "went ahead" of the Inst t'iif of our Manchester thirt makers. It is well i known that Mahommedans have a superstition that a written verse of thc Koran carried about their persons acts as a cabalistic charm to avert " wounds and death. Acting npon this fatnitous belief, our Christian calico mei chants have bad a condensed copy of the Koran printed all over I a quantity of cheap cotton shirts, and these talismanic under-clothcs aro eagerly bought in the Turkish Camp, at extravagant price-, as more proof than "shirts r.f mnil." The reckless courage that a fancied invulnerability gives to a soldier has been often proved in both ancient and modern history-as witness the daring in- trepidity of Marshal Ney. What a funny thing then would it be if the* Czar cets licked hy this turn-a-penny dodge of our Manchester calico printers? Why, it would beat the direful effects ' of gun-roWon into fits! Well hare the Govern- ment as Generalissimo [.ord fíay-lanl ! COMMUTATION OF SENTENCE.- John Wehber, convicted of rape at the last assizes held in Goulburn before-his Honor the Chief Justice, and against whom sentence of death was record- ed, received a commutation on yesterday se'n night. This brutal convict is to be worked on the roads or public works of tho Colony for ten years, the first year in irons, instead of sharing with Tallsot the fate he so richly deserved. The circumstances that surround the crime of Webber aro of more than usual atrocity. Some years ago he took a married woman, and two r r three children, away from her husband, and cohabited with her up tn within about three or four months of his trial. During the time he lived with her, his conduct to his guilty partner was character- ized by the utmost brutality. His ill-usage was so gross that .the woman, who Imd borne a child to him, became insane. Webber brought her to Goulburn Police Court in charge as a lunatic, and succeeded in getting her sent to Tarban Creek Asylum. On returning home this monster in human shape committed n rape on one of the unfortunate woman's legitimate offspring- a girl of eleven years old. We cannot see a feat- ure in the case which should redeem this wretch from the gallows.-rr'ati/6urti //..rnrrf, June 24. MAIL ROBBERY. - On Sunday last, about two o'clock in the , day, as thc overland mail was proceeding abont three miles on the Albury side of Mulingandra, having four male passengers besides the coachmnn (his first trip), two men, one appearing about 18 and the other 35 years of age, suddenly came from out the bush, both being mounted and well armed; the young one riding up to the coachman ordered him to stop; the coachman said, what do you want? he then again shouted to him to pull up; the coachman then said, I am the mailman; he replied, you are the b ---- I want. The older robber stood close behind his companion during this parley, who again told the coachman to pull up, or, by Christ, he said, I'll shoot you, presenting his pistol at same time. The coach- man having stopped the coach, the elder robber ordered the passengers to get out, and to keep their hands out of their pockets, and the coach to be driven off the road into a creek near to, all of which, having been complied with, two of the passengers walked a little on one side, and one suggested to the others to drop their purses on the grass, which was done by one, the other not being able conveniently to get at his; they were then ordered to close up with the others; the bushranger then dismounted from his horse, and searched them, taking about £450 in cash; but he afterwards generously returned to a Mr Heavers £6 and a silver watch, to a Mr Kidd, £3, and likewise £1 and one silver and one gold watch to a Mr Palmer, observing as he was well known on the road he could manage with less. They were then ordeecd to unlock their carpet bags, but on being told that there was nothing in them worth their notice, they desisted further search, but took the latter bags out of the mail and placed them on horse- back, except the roadside bags, which they left after cutting open; the elder robber hold- ing up one of them, observed that his mate ought to have been there, as he not being able to read, they could play upon him. They then al- lowed them to remount, and told them to drive on, which they did; but previously the robbers rode to the spot where the purse had been dropped; when one of the passengers called out that horsemen were coming, and they rode off in the direction of Albury, without having ob- served the purse; looking round carefully in all directions; having rode about 400 yards, they were observed to stop, and appeared to hold consultation, when they galloped off. Neither of the robbers had any covering on his face. The mail then proceeded to Dimmock's from which place information was immediately for- warded to Albury. - Ibid. * THE CHURCH MILITANT. - The Canons of the English Cathedrals have been ordered tu be placed nt the disposal of the Sul- tan; and the Bishops bave been instructed to prepare their usual Charges. The Naves nf the Churches ara. likewise to hold themselves in readiness to side with the British (A)Isles. \ " CONS. _ " Why is LordTTaglan like a snro-black cleaning a pair of short Wellingtons?-Becats? i»e i« going to p-ï>itb thj Cossacks! í -! PARADOX^--Why are the Australasian Colonies safe from any" attack from Russia, oj. !the"Ca»r*s own guarantee? Because he has du. claimed all l'«e»/i .dntcntious. MAGIC EXTRAORDINARY.— We have seen conjurations ordinary and extraordinary from the conjuration, by a Professor, of a pea- cock in full bloom out of a pigeon*s egg, to the conjuration, by a Professor, of a handkerchief out of a gentleman's pocket. With sleight of hand and every description of legerdemain, we are as familiar as with our breakfast, dinner, and supper. We have a slight leaning towards rrá. mei ism and electro-biology ; and are firm believers in ghosts and hobgoblins. We do a little in ventriloquism occasionally— par. ex. " Where is Professor Horace Sidney"? and a shrill voice from the top of our study chimney echoes " Where"? We can vie with Rogers in the pig- squeaking and cock-a-doodle do business. We have moreover been victimised at the iml.'.--rio" prick in the garter, and other amusing recreations, and may therefore boast of having " taken lessons" in these accomplishments. But there is a description of " Natural Magic" which has occasionally out-witted us, and burnt our fingers. . An instance of the kind we may give in few words. Most of our readers will recollect being stunned by the celebrated feat lately exhibited at the Royal Hotel, by Professor Horace Sidney, in which he makes his brother, Mr. Charles Sidney, suddenly to disappear. Extinguishes him in fact. This may possibly admit of simple explanation enough ; but the I'r fCSM3r bas brought his wonderful performances to a conclusion by tudd-nly difipp>-ori>.¡, kimi' f; Who can have oxtingni.-hed Ai" ? Now, having a great respect for Wizards, small and great, r.ni .Devils of every shade of color, ba: ring Blue, we should be glad to learn that ot:r fiend Horace has escaped the fate of Dr Faustus, SU.M a report being rife ab nt the Lucifer Match and Brimstone Manufactories in the city. The f.c: is «.-owe ft «m a *. Ii' tie bill", and slv ul.l tc happy to erv quits with him before his final «. tinjuWhroent. We have consumed the planet; in vain, but have strong-faith in our "0.:IIIUUÍ;I: Kye" bringing him to light. [¡We have jj.: consulted " Napoleon's Book" ot Fate", and t < index points to MELDOOXCNK Profes or Horne,.', j latest feat of magie wouid consequently spr-K I to be that of being in The City <./ S.,,t'neitin.\ i tho Colony of Victoria, at one and tbs' satu; moment. - Kat. li I.. TERRIBLE CONFLAGRATION IS NEW YORK.— On Sunday morning. March fl, a fi re broke or j at Ko. 8. Spruce-street, in alargo building. u¡¡,î 1 immediately spread to the adjoining linii.Hn;< i consuming" Nos. 8. 10. 12. 14, and 16, S,ruc? ', strew, "i he fire originate I in some rnçs stnwi ! away in the basement. Abo'it 30Ü.0U.) dollj, I worth f property was des:royed. Tlie Harrier j lost ab ut 50,000 dollars by this fire. 