ORIGINAL POETRY. THE MAD LOVERS' GRAVE. "Oh, come with me, dear love!" he said; "Oh, come, my own affianc'd maid! With me beneath the moonlight come, And see our forest-bosom'd home: In the green heart of a wood, In a stilly solitude. Oh, come, thou maid I mean to wed, And see our fragrant bridal bed. 'Tis low; but Love thereon doth lie, Waiting our coming by-and bye, And he as Heaven will make it high; O lady! come with me," he said; Oh, come, my own affianc'd maid!"-- His face was colorless and white-- No paler was the wan moonlight. His eyes with a cold lustre shone, As though their living soul were gone, And a disorder'd brain were glaring In their fix'd and stony staring. From the cold fountain of their look-- Colder than snow-born mountain-brook-- Through her veins, with shudder and shiver, There shot and ran an icy river. Her heart, her dearest heart is chill'd; Each pulse's warm young beat is still'd; And the roses red, that glow On her soft cheek, fade and wither; And, with glance of wilder'd woe, Her blue eyes wander hither, thither. He took her death-cold hand, and smiled-- How dost thou now, my sweetest child? Thy lips are pale--thine eyes are wild." "Sure, 'tis a dream--some dream of fright," She murmur'd, "that is born of night, And will die at morning-light." "A dream? No! no! Both you and I Are waking-mad, and the Cyclops-sky Looks down on us with its cold bright eye. A dream? No! no! But the Cyclops-sky Hath madded us with its cold bright eye."-- Underneath the cold moonray, They take their weird and wilful way Into the wood, startling the deep And darksome shadows there that sleep. The shrill and white owl hoots with might-- Ill-boding voice of wizard night. "Hark to that tortur'd damnèd ghost! That choking shriek--'Lost! lost! lost! lost!' Went it not so, through the shock'd air? Sad spirit, on a raging sea Of wild remorse and dark despair Doom'd to toss eternally!"-- They reach a spot of open ground, Which yew and cypress stand around. 'Tis bathed in the moonbeams bright,-- But there's a black blot in the light Which strikes at once the startled sight. "Come, sweet one! 'Tis our quiet home, From which we never more shall roam. Come, sweet one! 'Tis our bridal bed-- Our bed of many loves," he said. O sight to make a young maid rave! Lo! at her feet a new-dug grave Gapes wide, with lips that seem to crave. Upwards to him and to the sky She lifts her looks, and her blue eye Hath caught the wild and chilly stare Of him who led her young feet there. He hath forc'd her to drink of his fatal bowl, And hath madden'd and ruin'd that lovely soul. One loud long shriek went through the night Crowded with woe and ghastly fright; And down her beauteous body lay In its bridal bed of clay. He wildly laugh'd--" Ha! ha! young bride! Thou bids't me lie down by thy side. I see, in the keen tell-tale light, Of thy small hand the beckon white. Lie still! lie still and coy, young bride! I'm coming to thy snowy side." A dagger from his breast he drew, And held it in triumphant view. In the passionless pale light, It glittered sharp, and cold and bright-- So bright, so sharp so cold you might spy The killing glance of an evil eye. A dagger from his vest he drew, And madly pierc'd his mad heart through; Then, falling, he lay down beside His young, and meek, and maiden bride.-- The heaven o'er its cold bright eye Hath dropp'd a lid of blackest cloud, Eyelash'd with silver--And they lie There stiff and still, in shadowy shroud. * * * * They buried them there in godless ground-- There in the grave where both were found-- And o'er them heap'd a wart-like mound, Which yew and cypress stand around. Like a sad and sable guest, Standing at a funeral feast, Each cypress rears its sullen crest. Softly in spring and summer they wave, Wildly in winter and autumn they rave, Over the Mad Lovers' Grave. IGNOTUS. RULERS OV THE WORLD IN 18t54.-Perhaps the following table, ; recently met with in a forei. n journal, may be thought of suffi- cient' interest to make a note of. In these unsettled times, and : in case of a general war, how much might be changed ! There aie at present eighty-three empires, monarchies, republics, princi- ; palities, duchies, and electorates. There are six emperors, inclu ding.his sable Highness Faustin I., of St. Domingo; sixteen kings, numbering among them Jamacó, King of all the Mosquitoes, and also those of Dahomey and the Sandwich Islands ; five queens, ; including Ranavala of Madagascar, and Pomare of the Society [ Islands ; eighteen presidents, ten reigning princes, seven grand ; dukes, ten dukes, one pope, two sultans, of Borneo and Turkey ; j two governors, pf Entrenos and Corrientes; one Viceroy, of i Egypt ; one shah, of Persia ; one imaum of Muscat ; one ameer, j bf Cabul ; one bey, of Tunis ; and, lastly, one director, of Nica- i ragui. 