CHURCHES AND CHAPELS. City Churches.—The subscribers to the fund for the enlargement of Christchurch, North Adelaide, met on Thursday, 23th ult., the Rev. W. J. Woodcock, incumbent, in the chair. The report of the Wardens, showed that contributions were promised to the ex- tent of nearly £950, and Mr. Wright's esti- mate of the expense of the proposed enlarge- ment was, for elongating the nave forty feet £1,476; or, fifty feet, £1,747. The report further stated, that in event of the work being commenced at once, the present incumbent was willing to suffer any debts that might necessarily arise to be secured upon the extra pew rents. A similar arrangement, it was presumed, might he made through the bishop with any future incumbent. It was resolved, after some little discussion, that the work should at once be proceeded with, the addi- tional length being fifty feet. The sub- scribers to the fund for the erection of the new church of St Luke, near Whitmore- Square, South Adelaide, met on Friday, 29th ult., at the Trinity Church School-room, the Very Rev. the Dean of Adelaide in the chair, for the purpose of electing a minister. It was stated that an iron church had been pur- chased for £750, and was expected soon to arrive, and that the cost of its erection, to- gether with other expenses, would probably amount to as much more. The sum already subscribed was about £800. A question arose as to the legality of appoint- ing a minister till the full amount required for the completion of the church should be sub- scribed ; and another as to the propriety of doing so till a moderate salary for the first year or two could be guaranteed by the trus- tees. The majority, however, considered it better to proceed at once to the appointment, believing that the presence of a minister, who might immediately perform service at the school-room in Hobson's place, would tend very greatly to the completion of the subscrip- tion list. Nine gentlemen present subscribed their names for a total sum of £80 per annum towards the first and second year's stipend, and every confidence was expressed of the amounts being increased to £300 or £400 per annum. The Rev. James Pollitt, of Kooringa, was then unanimously elected minister, the number of votes recorded in his favour being 104. All Saints' Church, Hindmarsh.—At a meeting of the seatholdcrs of All Saints' Church, Hindmarsh, held on Monday evening, 2nd inst., Mr. J. B. Hughes in the chair, it was resolved that the Rev. J. W. Schoales, A.B. (late incumbent of St. Mary's, on the Sturt), should be invited to accept the incum- bency of that Church. Proposed New Wesleyan Chapel, North Adelaide.—The congregation attending the Wesleyan Chapel, Archer street, North Ade- laide, have for more than a twelvemonth felt the desirableness of taking steps for erecting a more commodious place of worship, and acting upon the faith of very liberal promises of assistance, they have determined, with characteristic zeal, to commence forthwith the erection of an edifice exceeding in dimensions any other building of the kind in South Aus- tralia, not excepting the Pirie- street chapel. Three anniversary sermons were preached at the present chapel on Sunday last, and collec- tions made at the close of each service towards the erection of the proposed new chapel, amounting to a total of £27 12s. On the following evening a tea meeting was held, which, notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather, was well attended. A public meet- ing followed, at which addresses were delivered by the Rev. D. J. Draper (who was also chairman) Rev. T. Williams, Rev. J. Gardner, Rev. J. Harcourt, Rev. Joseph Dare, Messrs. Perryman, Hack, and Bakewell. It was expected that Mr. Peacock, M.L.C., would have presided, but a letter was read from him apologising for his unavoidable absence, and enclosing a cheque for £5 towards the object in view. The Rev. D. J. Draper opened the proceedings by stating that he preached his first sermon in South Australia, eight years ago, in the little chapel in Kermode-street. The present place of worship was soon after- wards commenced, and had subsequently been enlarged, but in consequence of the want of increased accommodation, it was deter- mined to errect a building sufficiently capa- cious to seat 800 or 900 hearers in the body, and in order to meet future requirements, to arrange for the addition of galleries sufficient to enable a congregation of 1,400 or 1,500 persons to assemble within the edifice. The land had been pur- chased for that purpose, and the foundation laid in concrete. To meet the expense of erection a subscription had been opened, which, previous to that anniversary, amounted to £1,439 15s. Mr. Thomas Mitchell, the Treasurer, read a financial statement of the receipts and expenditure connected with the present chapel, from which it appeared that the original debt of £650 thereon, was in 1852 reduced to £450, in 1853 to £150, and that since then that sum has been liquidated, with the exception of a balance of £7 12s. 4d. due to the Treasurer. The Rev. J. Dare, during his address, stated that in America there were 4,000 Wesleyan ministers, and 1,800,000 members in church fellowship, of whom 150,000 had joined the various congregations in one year. He also stated that the first meeting of Wesleyan Methodists in South Australia occurred in 1835, when 15 persons assembled in the kitchen of E. Stephens, Esq., for worship. In 1838 the Rev. Mr. Longbottom arrived, and in 1846 the Rev. Mr. Draper. In the latter year there were but nine Wesleyan chapels in the colony, but at the present time there were nearly 50. There were then 290 members, but at present the number had increased to 1,500. Previous to the meeting being closed a collection was made, amounting to £9 9s. 6d., and additions to the extent of £130 were made to the sub- scription list before adverted to. These amounts, together with the collections on the previous day, and the sums realized by the sale of tickets to the tea-meeting, make a total of about £177 as the gross proceeds of these anniversary services. Laying the Foundation Stone of the New Wesleyan Chapel, Magill.—On Tues- day, the 26th September, the day appointed for the performance of this ceremony, by half- past 3 p.m. a large number of persons were assembled at the site of the proposed erection. The ceremony was performed by Mr. Baker M.L.C., who made some eloquent remarks, expressive of the interest he felt in the ad- vance of religious societies, and of his desire for the welfare of that neighbourhood. A re- ligious service was then commenced, the Rev. Thos. Williams giving out the 737th Hymn " Thou who hast in Sion laid The true Foundation-stone," &c.; —and engaged in prayer; after which, in accordance with the advertisement, an ad- dress was delivered by the Rev. J. Dare, in the course of which reference was made to the interest connected with such an occasion—to the greatness and glory of that Being in whose name the stone had been laid, and to whom the chapel was to be dedicated, re- vealed unto us in the Three distinct Persons —Father, Son, and Holy Ghost—and to the great purpose contemplated—the promotion of the glory of God and the salvation of immor- tal souls. The Doxology was then sung. The proceedings of the day were closed by a tea- meeting, held in the school-room and in a booth erected for that purpose. The chapel is a neat Gothic building, 45 feet by 25 feet in the clear. 