BALMAIN. The first stone of the Congregational Church, Bal- main, was laid yesterday. The service was com- menced by the Rev. Joseph Beazley, who gave out a suitable hymn, which was sung by the assembly, and he afterwards offered up prayers. The Rev. Dr. Ross, who, although still suffering from his recent affliction, was enabled to be present, then laid the first stone. He said: "With the spreading of this mortar I lay the foundation-stone of a building to be erected for the service of the Three-one Jehovah, God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost. May he be always worshipped in this place in spirit and in truth. May the ministers who in succession shall occupy the pulpit ever preach the Gospel of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ ; and may the Holy Spirit render the Gospel thus preached the means of the conversion of sinners, the edification of saints, the instruction and consolation of believers, and be the means of con- ducting multitudes to glory, honour, and immortality. Amen." The plate deposited in the stone bore this inscription : Balmain Congregational Church. Foundation Stone laid on the 3rd of August, 1854, by the Rev. Dr. Ross. T. A. Gordon, Pastor; Architect, Mr. John Goold. The Rev. T. A. Gordon then delivered the follow- ing address :—How earnestly we could all wish that the honoured servant of God, who has just officiated in laying this stone, could address us — could say all that he has in his heart to say on the present occasion. As he takes his stand here, and looks back, and reflects on all that God has wrought by him, his thoughts and emotions, if he could give full ex- pression to them, would be precious to our souls would come upon us who are only buckling on the armour, almost like spirit tones from the far-off world of rest and triumph, to inspire us with zeal, and hope, and holy devotedness. Thank God for the privileges we do enjoy, that we have him here amongst us to-day, and the fact shows most conclusively that his heart is with us in this important enterprise. It has had its origin, we trust, in the simple and earnest desire to promote the Saviour's glory ; and we look up to Him confidingly for His benediction. Without shutting our eyes to the indications of His Providence, and steeling our hearts to His claims upon us, we can do nothing less than what we have in our hearts to do—to build Him a house, proportioned to the neces- sities of His cause in this neighbourhood, which we can enter without shame, and in which we can pray 'Let Thy name be recorded here for many gene- rations.' We purpose that this house, to be built for, and dedicated to God, shall be a substantial and a beautiful structure ; and we maintain that it is incumbent upon us to entertain and to carry out this purpose. The Lord has blessed many of his servants who are inte- rested in this enterprise with prosperity—they can secure its accomplishment without ignoring any other claim on their resources, and they will. If it could be carried out only by incurring depressing liabilities, then God would not require it at our hands ; for his claims always correspond with our ability, and by striving to exceed them we should only injure his cause. But we purpose to do simply what it becometh us, as stewards of the Lord's bounties, to do, to give to his own house its proper share in the distribution. We cannot do less with a good conscience; and as his claims upon us as the recipients of his bounty make this ne- cessary, so do his claims upon us as redeemed and professing servants. Those whom we wish to bring under the preaching and the influeace of the Gospel are not indifferent to the comforts of civilised life, or strangers to the tastes and aspirations it engenders ; but they are indifferent, and perhaps more than indif- ferent, to the Gospel, and if we are really in earnest in wishing to bring them to Christ, we must make his house, in as far as comfort and all suitable em- bellishments are concerned, a place calculated to attract and not to repel them. In this way we are all privileged with opportunities for promoting the Saviour's glory, in taking measures for the salvation of our fellow men. We are not con- fined to these means—we must not depend upon them ; but, it would be an interesting subject for thought—how for the God of all Mercy condescends to make use of these means—in how many instances throughout an indefinite series of years these attrac- tions may operate in bringing one and another into the house of God, whom he brings under the power of his Gospel. The day will declare it. It is a reflection calculated greatly to encourage us in this important work, which should be a delightful one to every person who helps it forward by his efforts and his liberality. We cannot suspect John Foster of over-estimating the importance of this matter, and in combating cer- tain objections usually urged by those who show forth their superior spirituality by their unwillingness to give liberally of their earthly substance when the provision of a suitable house for God's worship is con- cerned ; he says,—"In some instances an objection is raised that the undertaking is on too ambitious a scale, an edifice too spacious, decorated, costly. But, in regarding the claims of a house for the service of re- ligion, let it be considered how long the utility may endure ; one long lapse of years after another, co- extended with the life of several generations. What a countless series of sentences of instruction, petitions in prayer—so many that he alone to whom they are made can keep the vast account—blessings from him in consequence, yes, in this very house. So that the contributed property — money — deposited in the walls (' sunk ' in commercial phrase), will be yielding spiritual interest indefinitely onward." These are things that do call for earnest considera- tions, and it is not likely that we shall ever have rea- son to blame ourselves for doing too much, if we keep them distinctly in view, in connexion with the will and the claims of our Divine Master. The enterprise in which we are engaged has features of peculiar interest and importance. We are not strengthening a fortified position—we are entering on new ground we are planting an outpost, and may calculate on an arduous and a protracted struggle before we can feel that our position is thoroughly established. The part of the work we have met to-day to inaugurate is in despensable to ultimate success. We could not leave it undone, and hope for prosperity, or even pray for it. But there is another department of the work, higher, in comparatively more important—the erection of the spiritual building—without faithful devotedness to which the most imposing structure we could raise for the purposes of divine worship would stand only as the monument of our guilty presumption. To this de- partment of the work we must bring, not only our money, but our personal efforts, and our believing prayers, that the grand design may be accomplished in having this house, which we purpose to build for the Lord, filled with spiritual worshippers. It is our privilege, my Christian friends, with whatever churches we stand connected, to be fellow-labourers together, and together with God, the great Master Builder, in raising up that spiritual edifice which he vivifies and makes glorious by his indwelling presence. Are we diligent in our Master's work—seeking to add living stones to this living temple, to win souls for Christ, to bring sinners to God. By no consideration can we be relieved from personal devotedness ; nothing can possibly exist, under the rule of the divine Media- tor, to deprive it of its glorious reward. "Let us, therefore, be dilligent, immovable, always abounding in the work of the Lord, forasmuch as we know that our labour is not in vain in the Lord." Another hymn was then sung, and prayer having been offered up, and the benediction pronounced by the Rev. W. Slatyer, the assembly broke up. A cold collation was provided, of which a large number of persons partook, presided over by Mr. Edward Hunt. BOTANIC.—The usual monthly meeting of members of the Botanic Society, for the exhibition of rare plants, and plants in flower, was held yesterday afternoon, in the Lecture Room of the gardens. There was a better attendance than usual, and the exhibition was of an interesting character. The following is a list of the plants exhibited : —Plants from the Botanic Gardens— Orcidium ornithorhynchum, Lycoste aromatica, Cy- pripedium Ven strum, Nepenthes, sp. e. New Cale- donia, Cantropogon fostuosus, Camella Japonica, var. Clymene. From Thomas Woolley, Esq.—Gloxinea arborea carnea, Viburnum sp. (?), Henfreya scandens : a certificate for the collection. From Mr. J. W. Shepherd, Darling Nursery—Euphorbia fulgens, Har- denbergia* ovata alba, Aloe ferox, a laminaceous plant, and Lonicera odorata : a large silver medal tor the collection. THE PAVING BILL.—A meeting, principally com- posed of owners of Sydney property, was held yester- day at the Royal Hotel, for the purpose of opposing the Paving Bill, now under consideration of a Com- mittee of the Legislative Council. Mr. T. Hyndes was called to the chair. The proposal of making the owners of property bear all the expense was vigo- rously denounced ; and resolutions were passed oppo- sing this principle, and appointing a committee to take steps to prevent the passing of the Bill. Several speakers defended the Bill in its main features, but the resolutions were carried by a very large majority. We are compelled to omit a report of the proceedings until to-morrow. We are requested by Mr. A. Polack to draw the particular attention of the capitalists and speculators of landed properties to his third sale of Cheltenham, which takes place this morning, at his rooms, Pitt street, at eleven o'clock.—Advertisement. 