AUSTRIA AND RUSSIA. VIENNA, Soptember 27. I resumo my remarks on the recent long article in tho Journal des Débats, touching the erroneously supposed causes of tho recall of Baron do Meyendorff from ; Vienna. Tho special allegation that that eminent statesman has fallen into disgrace with his Imperial master, has beon, I trust, alraedy sufficiently disproved by thc forco of thoso incontrovertible facts which I had tho honour of laying before you in ray last lotter. It may now be desirable to enter more fully into an investigation of tho general tenor of that famous article, for tho purpose of showing that tho writer of it must either have culled his. information from sources that a man of judgment and discretion might fairly blush to own, or that, blinded by party spirit, ho has indulged in a license of invention equally discreditable In tho early part of tho said article, wo ore gravely told that "the Emporor of Russia was led into tho de- termination to give immediate execution to his designs against Turkey, not only by tho assurances of his representatives in London and Paris that a close alliance of England and Franco in opposition to his viows was impossible, but by an auto- graph letter of tho Emperor of Austria, in which, as the Czar understood it, a sort of Carte blanche was given to him, as far as Austria was concerned, to do as ho pleased." There are two saving clauses in this otherwise bold asBortion well worthy of notice-" as tho Ozar understood it," and, " a sort" of carte blanche. Tho Czar may bo pleased to understand or to misunderstand what a brother poten tato may, in tho honesty and integrity of a confiding heart, soo fit to write to him ¡ and it would bo useless to raise disputes upon tho construction which it may hnvo pleased the Czar to put upon the said autograph lotter of the Emperor Francis Joseph. Those, however, who are tho roughly acquaiutcd with the character of tho latter, and know him to bc as pru- dent and disereot as he is gênerons and chivalrous, can have no hesitation in totally discrediting that he would at any time have given to the Emperor of Russia even a "sort of carte blanche" in tho matter of the Oriental question. What- ever friendship might at ono time havo personally subsisted between thoso two monarchs, and whatever gratitude tho Emperor of Austria might have owod to tho Emperor of Russia for his inter- vention in Hungary in 1849, it is. clear that _the , former could never have estimated it so high that ho should have boen willing volun- tarily to sacrifice his dignity, the interests of his crown and people, and tho interests of Germany to boot, in return for the ad- mitted obligation. But much about the same timo when this first autograph letter is supposed to have boon written to, and misconstrued by, the Czar, wo aro told that Frinco Schwarzenberg, the thon Prime Minister of Austria-who, wc all know, enjoyed tho unbounded confidence of his Sovereign-" showed a wish, more than onco, to avail himself of tho first oppor- tunity of withdrawing Austria from the influence of tho Cabinet of St. Peters- burg ; and he was said then to havo uttered the remark, since so ofton repeated that " The moment is not far distant when Austria will astonish the world by tho grandeur of her ingratitude." Now, is it to bo supposed that this very Prince Schwarzenberg, at that time avowedly tho all-in-all to tho youthful Sovereign of thoso realms, should not have been cognisant of tho oontonts of his Imperial master's auto- graph lotter to tho Czar ? Or that he would not have successfully dissuaded him from writing anything by possibility compromising to tho dignity and interests of tho State-if, indeed, tho Emperor Franois Joseph had boon tempted, by a strong feeling of personal friendship for his brother emperor, to commit so egregious an error? To supposo either case is to suppose that which, to my humblo understanding, scorns to bo oxcossivcly preposterous. Tho Em poror of Austria had studied tho philoso- phy of statecraft some years bofore ho ascended thc throne of his ancestors ; and you may bo assured that his Mnjosty, pre- vious to that poriod, knew also, as well as his thon Primo Minister, that, howsoever undoubtedly great the virtuo of gratitude is in an individual, Stoics cnn soldotu or novor nilbrd to not on its dictates. From thc foregoing wo muy, I appre- hend, tnirly ass niuo that the story ot' tho supposed " cario blancha" is simply hum- bug. But tho arliclo iu tho Journal des Débats goes on to toll us that " tho Czar for a cousidorublo length of time fully rolied upon ' thc goodwill of tho Emperor of Austria' and upon ' tire co-operation of Princo Metternich.' " In this compound sontonoo nu undeniable truth nppcars unhappily osBOoiatod with a palpable un- truth. Tho good will of tho Emperor Francia Josoph towards tho Emperor of Russia, no sano mun could ever linvo questioned ; and woll hud it been for thc Emperor Nicholas if ho had relied upon it, oven more than it appears he did ; for lind ho dono so, ho would have lout a still more willing car to tho woll-meant en- treaties and wiso representations which wcro mada to him from, tho saino quarter, oro yot it was too lalo. 1 ho in- terests of Europo, not to Bay tho special intorcsts of Austria alone, imperi- ously demnndod tho preservation of peace and tho maintenance of thc inviolability of international law. Tho Emperor of Aus- tria affectionately urged his brother em- peror to nhs tai ii from tho infraction of both ; but hoir did tho Eiuporor Nicholas j requite tho confidence which his young and warm-hearted friend reposed m his honour and Iiis prudence ? The counsels so cordially tonacred, wero thoy received and availed of in the same honest spirit ? No, they were not. The Emperor Nicholas persisted in his aggressive and overbearing policy, and finally succeded in embroiling himself and Europe in an inevitable war ; and when this was accomplished, we are told, he still relied upon tho goodwill of the young Emperor of Austria, who was expected to help him to his wished-for prey in tho East, by pledging himself to an " absolute neutrality under all possible eventualities." It must bo admitted that this was a very protty speci- men of unpretending alliance. But tho co- operation of Prince Metter- nich in this anti - European, anti Turkish, anti- Austrian policy was also relied upon. Indeed ! I he historical antecedents of Prince Metternich's anti Russian policy in tho East were, of course, quite forgotten or ignored by all parties concerned ; fer otherwise it would be in- comprehensible that tho Czar could in reality havo ever calculated on his highness's co-operation. It is surely not saying too much-and those who know anything of the history of our own days cannot hesitate toagroo >vithme-that the assertion of tho co- operation of Princo Metternich over having beou relied upon by tho Czar is evidently " too rich" to bo swallowed without running an imminent rink of exciting a violent fit of laughing. Happily, we can pass over this passage without further notioo, because the article in question kindly goes ' on to inform us that the death "of Prince Schwarzen- berg greatly strengthened tho credit of M. do Moyondorff ;" and then highly interesting conversations took place from time to time botwoon tho said Russian ambassador and Princo Metternich-just as if tho venerable princo, [and not Count Buol, had presided at the Foreign- office. The result of these conversations was, that M. do Meyendorff was emphatically warned by the princo as to the bitter dis- appointment that awuitcd tho Czar if ho should persist in his headlong career against Turkey, and at the sumo time rely upon tho support of Aus- tria. If these conversations arc intended to be understood as " unofficial," I cannot positively disprove them because, as far as thc language supposed to havo been held by Prince Metternich goes, tho narrative hero at least assumes a very plausibler«character, for once in a way. But, as far as his Excellonoy Baron do Meyendorff is therein concerned, I have tho strongest grounds for disbelieving both tho'language and tho. notions imputed to him. You may believe me that Baron do Meyendorff is totally incapable of so grossly commit- ting himself, at any time or under any cir- cumstances, as " to answer to his Em- peror for the neutrality of Austria and Prussia on his personal guarantee." Tho next point which deserves attention is another autograph lettor which the Em- peror of Austria is said to have addressed to the Czar in June, 1853, wherein, as it were in entire contradiction of tho anti Russian views of Prince Metternich-he is reportad to havo said "that he would loavo in ids hands all that it was necossary to do at Constantinople ; that ho approved of it all hoforoband, and that lie would hold himself in readiness for all." And we aro further informed that " this completed tho tem- porary triumph of Baron de Meyendorff." Now, it seems to mo to require an un- usual nmount of oredulity to believe one . word of this part of the hapless narrative. Let it bo remembered that already, in thc month of June of last year, tho war mani- festo of thc Emperor Nicholas appear- ed, in which it was plainly stated that Russia would " enter upon the con- test for tho protection of tho ortho- dox faith." Tho previous circular note of Count Nesselrodo, dated the llth of June, 1853, as well as tho tenor of Prince Monschikolf's ultimatum, dated tho 19th June, 1853, had fully prepared tho four Cabinets for the contemplated " orthodox crusade" that was to follow. Now, if any ono thing more than another tended to alarm and to alienate the friend-, ship of the Emporor Francis Josoph for tho Emporor of Russia, it undoubtedly at this timo was tho latter's open avowal to givo thc war to bo waged against tho Porto on oxclusivoly " religious character." This circumstance naturally aroused the jealousy of, and gavo the deepest ofloncc to, tho youthful defender of Roman Catholicism. Bearing those things in mind, how is it possible to attach any credence to the assertion that tho Emperor Francis Joseph should havo written to tho Emporor Nicholas, in Juno last year, that " ho would lonvo the hitter to (lo at Constantinople all that was noces sary ; that ho approved of it beforehand, and. that he would hold himself in readiness for all?" Surely, the absurdity of this statement is scll-evlilcul. Dui by way. of winding Ma- this disingenuous recital, wo arc told that tho mission of Count Orloff to Vionna gnvo M. do Moyendorff tho last blow. Count Orloff is sold to havo boen " unde- ceived" by Prince Mottornich, who told him that M. do Moyoudorff had fre- quently boen " warned," and that that eminent diplomatist had disregarded thoso timely warnings. Tho result of theso un- pardonable shortcomings was (according to thu writer in thc Journal iles Debuts) "that M. do Moycndorfl'hnd to bear the whole blaine of having bj his roports im- prudently involved bia Imperial muster, and consequently his fall ensued." Thore can be no quostion that this artistic wind- up of tho catastrophe as in tolcrablo keeping with almost every othor part ol tho " charming fiction," which, howovor, is (perhaps unfortunately for tho poet) altogether irreconcilable with my positive knowlodgo to tho contrary. But beforo I take leave of tho arliclos in tho Journal des Debuts, I mnst yot advert toa trifling ineidont which is therein relntod of tho Czar's anxiety to havo Count Bttol romoved from his high office. Tho reason, assigned for this modest demand, which Count Orloff is said to have been charged to urgo upon thu Emporor Francis Joseph, aro, " that Count liuol was sus peeled of some old footings pf resentment towards him," And why ? *' Because, when M. do Buol filled tho functions of Austrian ambassador at St, Peters- burg, in delivering his loiters of credence to the Emperor, ho held a speech in which ho used tho expressions ' sent by, his Government," 'charged by his Government ; whereupon tho Emperor Nicholas is reported to have interrupted him rather roughly by saying, ' Speak of the Emporor, your master, tir ; I only know him ; I know nothing of your Government.' " It will bo remembered that Count Buol was sent to St. Peters- burg in 18-19 as ambassador extraordi- nary, to notify tho ascension of tho Emperor Francis Joseph to the throne of his ancestors. Count Buol therefore r op re- sented, on this occasion, his Sove- reign, and not his Government. Now, I ask, is it not too ridiculous to attempt to palm upon tho public, and that too in a journal like thc Débats, that a statement of count Bnol's high standing and long experience should have been so deficient in his knowledge of the ABC rules of diplomatic intercourse as to have com- mitted so unpardonable a broach of diplo- matic etiquette ? But tho whola articlo is of a piece. It consists, from tho beginning to tho end, of a tissuo of inventions, tho malicious and insidious character of which is fully understood and appreciated. In conclusion, allow mo to assnro you that tho memory of that excellent and exem- plary man, Baron de Meyendorff, is held here, by all who had thc honour of his acquaintance, in thc li ¡ghost esteem ; nor will it. ever bo forgotten that he was the " guardian angel" who happily brought about an amicable arrangement between Prince Schwarzenberg and M.dcManteufiel atOlmutz, in 1850. "Tho family relations of Count Bout and Baron de Moyondorff, though alluded to in tho Paris article, I look upon as too sacred and too delicate to admit of comment from my pen. Suf- fice it to say, that I am deeply impressed with tho conviction that tho salutary re I suits of the influenco which Baron de Meyendorff exercises in the dischnrgc of his presont high functions at the Court of St. Petersburg will, at no very distant poriod, materially assist in thc solution of the existing complications. 