WEEKLY SUMMARY FROM THE ATLAS, SEPTEMBER 2. FOREIGN AFFAIRS. Since the capture of Bomarsund there is mfthing of importance to report re garding the war ; tho bulk of tho fleets had left Ledsund for the Gulf of Fin land ; but with what intention is not known. Ncgociations have been carried on with the Swedish Government res pecting tlie Aland Islands, but it would appear that we have not succeeded in gaming over King Oscar tojoin us against the Czar, for the islands are to be aban doned aud the fortifications destroyed. So much for our vaunted proceedings in the Baltic. Something more important must be done in that sea ere tho Empe ror Nicholas is made to feel that wo are in earnest with him. Although the Swedish Government does not openly join our cause, the whole people are with us ; as an instance of which we may mention that tho Order of Peasants has addressod .tho King, praying that the Aland Islands may not be replaced under tho dominion of Russia. The long talked of expedition to the Crimea, about which so much doubt and uncortainty has existed, was positively to tako its departure on tho 30th ult., and, as we announced, we may expect to hear of its doings about the middle of the present month. It is composed of 70,000 men. In the meantime the enemy, profiting hy the unhappy delays that have taken place in sending off the expedition, has taken great precautions £o protect itself against the meditated attack, hy strongly fortifying vulnerable points, and erecting bntteries, redoubts, and lines of entrenchment at places which a month ago wero in a very inefficient state of defence. During tlie inactivity of tho alliod troops they have been se verely attacked hy cholera, which has brought to the grave many a bravo heart who would havo gloried to die in action. The fleets in Baltcliick Bay have also lost a great many of their men'; but the French have suffered more than our selves. A -writer from Varna thus , al ludes to this melancholy state of tilings : "No words of mino could convey an idea of the way in which pur men are dis heartened and discouraged by their prosent slate of inaction. This is a humiliating confession to make, but it is strictly truo. They would joyfully march on half rations to tho Danube, to Odessa, to Anapa, or Sebastopol — anywhere or with anything, only to escape irom this pestilential hole, where they pino and sicken by hundreds, and see their comrades carried past thorn to bo buried by dozens day after day. The good spirits which formerly animated ail when they thought they would soon have a brush with tho enemy, are now gone, and a gloomy forboding disposition, much of which is certainly owing to thegeueral sickness, is rife throughout the different camps." H eavy complaints were likewise heard that every preparation for moving or provisioning the army was made as if the orders from home were to do it in the slowest way possiblo. The uows from tlie Principalities is that Omar Paslia has entered Bucharest, whore Austrian troops arc expected on the 5th instant. They have taken the strickest measures to prevent a conflict with the Russians, or to impede in any way their retreat across tho Pruth ; and with this object YVallaJiia will at pre sent receive biit three Austrian brigades; whilst Moldavia will only be entered when the Russian army lias accomplished its retreat in safety. It turns out, there fore, as wc have from the commencement led our readers to expect, that tho Aus trian troops have not set foot ill tlie Principalities with any warlike purpose — they will neither molest tho Russian artny nor allow the Turks to molest them ; — consequently, the occupation which wo have promoted will he infi nitely more serviceable to Russia than to any one else. In corroboration of this we may call attention to the fact, that in a recent order of the day to the gar rison of Odessa, it is stated that with the object of protecting the Principalities against an invasion of the Turks, the old ally of the Czar has undertaken to occupy them. Is this plain? The Turkish troops commenced their evacua tion of Little Wallachia on the 20th ult., in order to make room for tlie Aus trian ; — they will, however, retain pos session of Giurgovo and several islands in the Danube. The Turkish army in Asia gives cause for much anxiety, from its complete want of organisation ; but it is to he hoped that the last measures adopted at Constantinople to remedy this state of affairs, will turn tho fortune of war in its favour, for we reerrct to renort two serious defeats at Bayaztd and near Kars, in which great loss was experienced on both sides. It is worthy of remark, that the Russian bulletins actually rendered homage to the valour displayed hy the Turks on this occasion, offering, tlie bul letin states, " a resistance which our ve terans had never experienced from thein." After the battle at Bayazid, the remain der of Selitu Pasha's corps retired in the direction of Van, that is to say, further from Kars and the sea.- Sclitn has since been dismissed from his post of comman der-in-chief. Tliorc has been some talk in diploma tic regions about the Emperor Nicholas showing an inclination to treat for peaco by offering to accept the propositions of the Four Powers as a basis ; but as far as we can judge, there is not at present anything likely to stay the course of hostilities. In Spain, affairs are still in an unsatis factory state, and already there is a like lihood of the Cabinet being remodelled. Several of the Clubs and Juntas have proved a source of difficulty, and be came so unruly that it lias been found necessary to disolvc them. A circum stance which is uol without its significance at the present crisis is, that Narvaez has annlied to tho finYPrnmAnt for n nnannrl to leave the country; but the most im portant item of intelligence refers toQueen Christina, who has been allowed to leave Madrid with her head on her shoulders, and which she is not likely again to risk in the Spanish capital, after the state of alarm which she hits recently been subject to. The fears apprehended in conse quence of her sojourn in Madrid have been fully realised, for no sooner had her departure become known than much dis satisfaction was expressed and a fresh in surrectionary movement took place, which however, was speedily put down by tlie troops and national guards, who line) to storm several harricades which had been erected. However, as n sort of half sa tisfaction to the people, the suspension of payment of Queen Christina's pension and the confiscation of her property, has been decreed until the Cortes shall de- side on tho matter; and anyhow her de parture must be a source of great relief to the Ministry. The capitalists of Ma drid have offered to advance to the Gov ernment 56 millions of reals; a sum which will enable it to meet the most ur gent demands, until such time as the resources of the country are made avail able. The Emperor of the French returned to Paris on Monday last, hut his stay was a short one, as he again left on Thursday, for the camp at Boulogne, where he is to be visited hy King Leo pold and Prince Albert The Emperor's first act on his return was to elevate Gene ral Baraguay d'Hilliers to the dignity of Marshal of France, General de Le- lang has proceeded on a mission from the French Government to the general in command of the army of occupation in Wallachia. The Belgian Cabinet, presided hy M. de Brouckere, has resigned. The cause of this sudden step is stated to be the difficulties which the Ministry had to contend against on the subject of the re ligious teaching by the clergy in the schools of secondary education. The Sardiniau Government, in order to be agreeable to the Western Powers, has sent four war ships to the Archipe lago to .seek after the Greek pirates, whilst the English and French fleets are occupied in the black sea. A Convocation of Bishops is to take place at Rome in November next at which each Catholic country will be re presented, invitations having been sent to two or three prelates of every nation in union with the Church of Rome. A jubilee is likewise announced for October or November, to obtain peace between Christian princes ; the calming down of hepirit of revolt and sedition ; the re movals cf the visitations of cholera and famine ; and the- enlightenment. of the Holy Ghost on the Pope in the dogmatic decisioii as to the immaculate conception — -on which last point the Convocation of Bishops abo'vo mentioned will promulgate the belief of the church. 'I ho new viceroy of Egypt has received his firman of investiture from the. Porte, and set out for - Constantinople on the 17th ult., in order to thank the Sultan. He has been well received in the Tur kish capital. Letter? from Mexico announce the capture of Litacuro by the insurgents, in fuvour of whom the city of Tumaul- ipas liad_doclarud ifself. Santa Anna will not permit any criticism of his nets, and lias decreed the expulsion of any foreigner who may indulge in any com ment on the policy pursued by the pre sent Dictator of Mexico. Freemasonry — Lord Panmure is in stalled inlo the office of- Provincial Grand Master, to which lie was appointed by the Grand Lodge of Scotland on the de mise oj his Lordship's father. The Corporation of Liverpool propos es to extend their dock accommodation by the purchase of land on the north, shore of the Mersey from tho Earl of Derby and Mr. John Shaw Leigh. The expenditure required is estimated at £3,000,000. A Character. — An aged man, named Billiard, lately died in the union workhouse, Leicester, in his 71st year. Ho was one of the mutineers of the Nore, and was sentenced to execution. The rope was about his nock, and ho was on the point of being swung off, when lie was reprieved. From that hour to the time of his decease — whether it was from a nervous feeling or from fancy cannot be determined — he never wore a necker chief about Ins neck. Cravats had for liirn, probably, disagreeable reminiscences. — Nottingham Review. The Cholera in Aland. — Arc or. ding to all accounts the cholera is work ing its deadly task as actively at Bomar sund as at Varna Some accouuis mention that the French have already lost 600 men on Aland. Other accounts mention a loss of some 30 or 40 dailv, witlmnt snvimr ivliollinr flue IimJi./lou- il«» deal lis on board the fleets. One of the results of the presence of ihe cholera at Aland is, that the authorities at Dantzic (and it is to be presumed those of the other Baltic ports will soon follow their example) have ordained that all vessels coming from those waters shall perform quarantine, unless more than four days from there, and with no sick on board. This arrangement will materially inter fere with the convenience of getting coal and provisions on board the numerous i vessels that arrive there for that purpose I from the combined fleets. Scotch Gold Diggings. — During the last week gold has boon found in thcuorth of Gleiibreracban, Kirkmicliaol, on the property of the Duke of Atlioll ; and lias also been found to the north of tho Cairn- well, on the property of James Farquhar- son, Esq, of Itivercauld. In both places tho precious metal isfound embedded in the decayed pieces of rock which there abound. From annalysismado, tlmt which has been found near the Cairn well is as pure as any got in Australia. Tlie existence of gold in tlieso quarters was discovered by a Mr. Lowdeii, a gentleman lately returned from Australia, where ho had been a resident for upwards of twelve years, and in tlie immediate vicinity of gold diggings. The Public Health of London. — Tn the \ycok that ended on Saturday last nnrsruio rlmrl ?n T.n?i<lk»» bcr exceeds the average (1248) by 1287, but is 281 less than tho number of deaths in tho week tliatendcd September 1, 1840 when cholera was epidemic, and 270G per sons died. 1287 deaths are referred to cholera, 283 to diarrhoea. The deaths from cholera during tho last iiino weeks have been 1, 6, JG, 133, 300, 044, 720, 847, 1287. 