THE MELBOURNE CITY MISSION. The following rules were agreed upon at a pre liminary meeting, bold July 11, 1854: 1\. That a society be formed, 10 be culled the Mel bourne Oily Mission. 2\. Thcotgeol of this society is to extend the know.: )ed>rc of tho Gospel amon* the inhabitants of Mel uoumu and its vicinity, ymhout anjr reference to denominational distinctions or the peculiarities of chnro'> government, 3\. To »>(Teet this object, missionaries of approved character and qualifications, who shall give them* selves (o the work, shall be employed and paid by tho Institution. Their duty shall be to visit from house to house, in the respective districts that sha'l be assigned to them, read the Scriptures, engage in religious conversation, and urge those who aro livhg in the nrclect ° r religion to observe the Sabbath,and to attend public worship, Thev shall also sea tat nil persons possess the Scriptures, shall distribute approved religions tracts, and aid in obtaining scrip tural education for the children, Bv tho approval of the rommi’fec, they shall hold meetings for rending and expounding the Scriptures and prayer, «nd shall adopt such other moans as the committee m-iv think necessary for the accomplishment of the object of the mission. , •- /■ 4\. As the object, of the mission is knowledge of'tlrtrGospel,. it is a fund .im‘r,'iHl 'aw dial the following doctrines be prominent I v tmjght hv the ago t« and publieatioffjfl of the mission;— They arc given. ‘Not in the word* which man's wisdom tencheth, but which the Uoly Ghost leach c(h.'—‘All have sinned, and come short of iha-glrtry of God.’ ‘Tn the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and (ho Word was God. And the Word was male flesh, and dwelt among ufl,' •Except a man bn ho-n again he cannot sec the kingdom of God,’ ‘ The b'ood of Jesus Christ IJis Son cleanseth us from all sin.' ‘ Being justified 'by f«rh, « e have peace with G-nl throu.h our Lpr-t Jo-ms Christ ’ f Neither is there salvation in any ollv'r ; for there is none other name nnder heaven given among men. whereby we must be saved,' ‘ Holiness, without w bich roman shall see the Lojrjl.’ ‘Ye a>-e sanciifiod by tho Spirit of our God,’ 1 Gor., ii. 18 ; B«m id. 23 ; John i. II —l4 ; John Pi. 3: -I John i. 7 ; Horn. v. I ; Acta iv. 12 ; Ilch, xii 11; I C' r. vt. 11.’ ■ 5\. The general hnsinesa of the Melbourne sity IJi'S'oo shall he conducted hv a committee consti tut- and iiopnrtin’ly of members of the various evangcli. chl Protest art Cbiirch'-s ; th* esimine r ß of ::i : -sion' aides to consist of ministers of such churches, ehoa.'-n impartially ; all of whom, with the Trcasuer. Seere luri-s, anil Aud'ters, shall be members of the coin in'nee {ex officio.) 0\. Persons subscribing nor. less than one guinea annually stinll he members of the institution ' 7- Agenctiil meeting shall beheld n-rna ly’.for ofter.cr if necessary) to appoint tho ofifi e hearers, receive a report <>f the proceedings of tin- mission, and of tho *iaf,<* of the fund*. All inntrpe* proposed shall he determine ) by the majority of rite member* pre-ent. The meet in" shall he opened and concluded byprar.-r; and the President for the day ahull sign the minutes of Me proceedings. In connexion n j(h th- annual niP' tmg aim sermon or more shall be preached, of which due poiir-e shall be given. 8\. The fund* of iho mission, arising from don*--' tlons. le.'aciis. subscription*. collections, etc .shall,- bo expended, under be direction of the committee.j unoii tbc salaries of the missionaries, the purchase of tracts, and in meeting nil necessary charges in conducting the hush-ess of the m*s<uon. ' -<■; 0\. That no alteration slinp be made in the ■consti tution except at the annual meeting, or general mee iug sp< dally convened hy the committee, upon a nqtrsitinn stating the nature of the alienation, aigm-d hr f>fl of the members. and to be held within 21 days of the rccui- t of such requisition. H. Ookk. Treasurer. Ilrv f,. S. Chase, ] W, JAurETT, r Hon. Secs. Mr. G, Tkickt, J 