Local. Suppression of the Liquor Traffic. — We obsorve this subjoct is exciting considera ble attention at homo ; discussions are carried on in the papers, and organisations for suppressing the traffic in liquor are con tern plated. Tho effect of tho Maine Liouor Law seems to have given an impulse to the British mind in its fuvor. It is certainly desirable to see crime diminished, but we are of opinion that the Government has no right, by tho exercise of arbitrary restriction, pains and penalties, to debar the people from the temperate nse of alcoholic beverage--. Intempe rance is a deplorable evil, the prolificsource of all that is mischievous and ruinous in our commu nity, more particularly since the discovery of gold, but we do not consider it wiso or fair to cramp tho liberties of the temperate for tho wrong doing of drunkards. If persons will tipple, reol along the streets, or tneasuro their length in the gutter, they must bo dealt with according to law. f lie existence of drunkenness may furnish a rea son why those who are not addicted to the evil should abstain for example's sake, but none for j tho interference of legislative enactment. No government ever reformed a people by law as yet ; moral means, not coercive, can alone effect a change so desirable. Extraordinary Delusion. — A free man, named, according to his own account, Thomas Peter Truth, but whose real name is George Edwards, and who arrived in tho colony some years ago as a prisoner, was brought up at the Police-office on Tuesday last, on remand, charged as a lunatic. Dr. E. S. Hall, of tho Co lonial Hospital, was examined as to the state of the man's mind, and he deposed that lie was of unsound mind, unfit to be at largo, and incapable of maintaining himself. The defendant asked Dr. Hall whether ho could prove that he was in capable of maintaining himself? The doctor said lie could, as from tho extraordinary state of his mind no one would employ him. The defendant said he was at work the vory day ho was appre hended, and was earning wages at the rate of Is. an hour as a labourer ; and more than that, he was the best working man in the colony. Mr. Jones here observed that such might be the case, but that he (defendant) was in the habit of wri. ting threatening letters to several persons in high official authority. Tho dofendant now commen ced a subtle argument with Dr. Hall as to his mental incapacity, and requested permission to produce witnesses to show that ho could honestly maintain himself by his labour, which, he said, would disprove that man's (Dr.Hail's) statement, i urning round to Dr. Hall, he asked, ' Did you examine iny mind, and if so, where, or iu what spot did you find it unsound?' adding, 'that is the point, sir.' Dr. Hall was now tola ho might leave the office, when tho defendant said, 'Are you going like that, doctor ?' The answer was Yes !' 4 Then,' said the defendant, ' I sentence you to everlustnig fire.' Addressing Mr. Jones, he said, ' I sent a letter the other day about that book there, tho Holy Bible ; I see it lias rather galled you ; but never mind, Truth, will over come all tilings, and I now sentence you to ever lasting fire.' Tho unfortunate inan was ro- mauded to gaol till tho next day, at whioh he oxpressod his perfect satisfaction, believing him self to bo in constant, communication with the Holy Ghost. Court Martial. — This important en quiry, which commonced on Thursday, the 23rd of February and was prolonged to Monday the 0th of March, occupying nine days, has been brought to a conclusion, with the exception of tho decision of the Court, which will have to be submitted for approval to the Commundor in- Chief at Sydney. We shall give an abstract of tho proceedings in our next. A Trusty Watchman. — A passhnldcr named John M'Lnchlati, was convicted at the Quarter- Sessions, yesterday, for breaking into the dwelling house of the Rev. Dr. Lillie, atul stealing therefrom several ornaments. The prisoner had been appointed a watchman nt the Peuitontiarv Chapel, and, availing himself of ins nocturnal liberty, had effected tho robbery. How this man was appointed a watchman by the convict authorities is something of a nurvel, as ho was transported from England for tho same offence ; it may bo very woll to 'set a thief to catcii a thief, but it is ratlior too bad to consti tute a burglar a night watchmnn. Supreme Court. — Tho Court opened on Tuesday morning, when, thore being no prison ers for trial, it was adjourned till 10 o'clock on Thursday (this morning), witli the samo result. This is tho first ' inaidou Assize ' which lias oc curred in tho colony, mid, in accordance with the custom 'at home,' tho Sheriff, we understand, will present their Honors, tho Judges, each with a pair of wliito gloves, but of what material we are not informed. Brighton Election — This election lias torminatcd in the 'return of Dr. Butler by a majority of 58 over his opponent Mr. Whyte. At Pontville the majority was 44; and at Green Ponds 14. ijrtsuanr.srrert ul! a pel bund ay schools. — Tho anniversary services wilt bo held next Sunday,— in tho morning, afternoon, and evening. Baptist Tea Meeting and Presentation op a Riblk to Ma Huxtablb.— On Mondny oioning last a public tea meeting was held in tho Baptist Chapel, Harrington-struut, for tho purpose of lairing lcavo of Mr. Huxtnhle. who is proceeding to England. That gentleman has been for some years an active and useful teacher in the Sunday school, and as a token of the teachers and friends' appreciation of his services, a very handsome nihto superbly bound with a silver plate on the cover, containing nn appropriate inscription, was affectionately presented to him by tho Rev. Mr. John ston, the minister. Mr Huxtable exprorsed his thanks in a suilablo manner, and the meeting was afterwards addressed by Mr. II. B. Giles, Mr. Burchall, the Rev. Mr. Lindsay and others. The attendance was good; tho chapel being nearly tilled. Altogolhor it was a most intoressing and profitable meeting. Shipping — Damage to the extent of many thousand pounds was sustained by the shipping in harbour during tho late terrilic storm. A government officer gives it as his opinion that £20,000 would not repair the mischief. Weather at Victoria. — A tempest visited this colony about the same period that the Inst occurred here; hut it is somewhat singular that no rain fell or but very slightly. Officious Interference of the Police. I — The uflra- officiousness of some of tho " new hands" I is becoming a matter of grievanco by our citizens. As I one case in point, wo have to mention an occurrence which took place on Tuesday night last, which calls for I prompt interference on tho part of the proper autho- I ritios. The case is tills : the wife uf n very respectable tradesman in Murray-street was standing at the door of I her own houso. about 12 o'clock at night, awaiting the return of her husband, when a cunstablo named Collins, an old pensioner, it nppoars. passed by. mid without anv preliminary (inquiry, immediately seized hur ami told her ho should take her to the watchhouso, using tho pleasant expression, " Ah ! my darling ; I'vo got you and I'll take you !" It was in vain that the good wife I explained that riio was free, nnd that site was only look ing out for her husband. To the watchhouso sho was escorted, and an her arrival there Mr. D. C. Pophain asked this sapient dogherry why lie had brought Mr — — to the watchhouso ? The stupid constable could givu no reason, aud uf course Mrs. was immedi ately discharged. This, indeed, is pretty work, and well calculated to bring disgraco and odium upoh the police generally, from the improper conduct of soma of its ill-mannered constituents. This Is not tho only case of similar treatment of respectable persons that has come to our knowledge ; and the misconduct of these official gentry only shows how forcibly our recommendation should lie enforced, for tho formation of a properly organizud frco police, by tho appointment of " good man and true," who must be adequately paid for their services. Wo understand that the husband of the wife, who was thus maltreated, intends to bring the constable Collins before the police Bench, on information for his gross misconduct. Miscellany.— On the 17th instant a fleet of steamers will he offerod for public competition at Mel bourne by Messrs. Stubbs and Sons. They aro the Duncan Hoylo. the Lady Bird, nnd tho Keera. and be long to the Geelong Stoam Navigation —A reduction of free employer's in the Comptroller's Office! to take place, and their situation filled by pass-holders, and ticket-of- leavoa in training. — The Lady BLd steamer brought no mail from .Melbourne this trip. — Fingal is nil but forsaken, only five persons left last week at the diggings. This i owing to the floods A panorama of Undo Tom's Cabin is to be exhibited in Sydney.— Mr. W. Gregson is appointed Town Su.veyor at Now Nor- fo k in the room of Mr. Glover, and Charles Downham District Constable in placo of Henry Parker resigned.— A female left an infant at a li tuso at Green'Pond. and have not since been heard of. The Comptroller's Constables. — For I some time past a' party of constables attached to the convict department, have been performing street duty in Hohart Town, and amongst other matter have been I somewhat active in vLfting the public bouses on Sun days. The causo of this supernumerary officiousncsi— as it may be considered— wo believe to be the weakness of the colonial constabulary force, and as such interfer ence is regarded with some jealousy by the regular police, it uffoids another incitemenl to the formation of a well organized and well ordered Ftee Police. Accident. — A poor woman named Robin son was drowned crossing the bay at Muddy Plains in front of Mrs. Larsom's house, on Wednesday week last. The body was found next day. Thursday, and notice was dispatched to the coroner. Major Schaw, at Richmond tho same day. The jury wero summoned for 1 1 o'clock on Saturday, but after waiting ail day no Coroner arrived. Mr. Robinson demanded the body of hia wife for burial, and threatened to go to tho Governor. On Monday, however, the Coroner arrivod and another jury had to bo summoned instanter— who returned a verdict of " found drowned." From tho delay in hold ing' the Inquest, the body was in a dreadful state, and a petition is oontoinplated by the residents for the extra- j ordinary procrastination of the inquiry. The body was kepi in a stable awaiting the Coroner's arrival. Novel Importation A quantity of the real German sausage from Hamburg, has recently been imported into the colony, and purchasod jointly by Messrs; Story and Stovenson, the Butchers of Hobart Town. Wo have tasted this delicacy, for such it is, and can pronounce it worthy of the character which has boon given to it by the vendors. It is incomparably superior to any we have ever seen before, having the full peculiar and reierche flavour of the German article, and is admirably adapted as a bon banche, either at breakfast, lunch, or suppor. We may add that the size of tho sausage is such as to make it available to the most economical purchasers. Amateur Dramatic Club. — We beg to remind our readers that the - Amateur Porfor- I mances of this Club tako placo thiseveningat tho Victoria Theatre, commencing with Column's admirable Comedy of John Bull. The proceeds will be appropriated to tho sufferers bv the late fire, a circumstance which, added to tfie attrac tions of tho evening will, no doubt, ensure a full house. Tho Band of the 99th Regiment will be in attendance, and from tho arrangements that have been made, the comfort and accommodation of the audience will be complete The Mayor's Banquet. — Last Tues day evening the Maybr entertained about forty gentlemen, comprising managers of banks, mer chants, members of the medical profession, and officers of the garrison. His Worship was sup ported on the right by Colonel Despard, and on tho left by tho Attorney-General. Tho banquet was elegant aud substantial. Tho usual toasts were given. Lachlan Village. — The flooding at this place destroyed four bridges, and a very con- siderable amount of property. A New Drapery- Establishment. — We have been pleased by a personal inspection of a new Drapery and Millinery Establishment of a really very attractive description, by Mr. Morey, at Regont House, in Elizabeth- street, corner of Warwick-street, Mr. Morey is rjcontly from Viotoria, is thoroughly acquainted with the business in which ho bus entered, and is deter mined to conduct it on terms equally as advan tageous to the purchaser as tho first houso iu the city. Callao. — We learn from the ' Bertha,' that there is no foundation in tho report that gold had been discovered at Callao ; much search hau been made tor it, nut without success. Tito American ship St. Thomas, hence, arrived at Callao November 3rd.— S. M. Herald, Feb. 28. Post Office, Launceston, March 7- — List of letters detained, being insufficiently stamped, or not bearing stamps: — Mr. Falkiner, Snake Banks; H. Hopkins, Esq., Hobart Town; Mrs. Kilgour, Longford ; Miss Murdock, Clifton House, New Norfolk ; John Williams, butcher, Circular Head ; Mrs. Wellington, back of Vic toria Theatre, Sackvi lie-street, Hobart Town ; Mrs. Worley, at Mr. Humphreys, 64, Littio Collins-street, West.Melbourue.— Chronicle. Victoria Diggings.-— The Correspondent of the ' Herald,' writing from Balaarat, says — ' Large nuggets are now getting as common as blackberries. One 231 bs. odd, was takoti from Eureka a day or two since ; another of nearly the same weight, from tho Red Hill ; and a 61b nugget was takou from Sulky Gully, ycsto8day. — Ibid. 