THE RUSSIAN FORTRESSES O ¡I THE BLACK SBA. (Tho following letter appears in tito Time), Juno 16.) "Her Mojosly's steamer --, May 22. "Tho Inst two days have boen occupied in putting Hedoubt-Kaloh in a stato of defence ngninst internal onemics, in intrenohiug and scouring otherwise the position of tho Turks. On thc 20th a party of Bappors from ibo Aga- memnon were landed, with working parties from the other ships, botli Frölich and English ; also the whole ol tho Turkish soldiers we had em- barked nt Z'iliik /oe, and two oflicors of Marino Artillery (Einst-Lieutenants II, Cox and II. 13. Roberts), wiio directed tho operations, In a few hours a blockhouse wus finished and loop-holed (it lind been a Russian barrack), and a parapet established, fi inked by a lung deop marsh. Another blockhouse was forniod out of au old store, with strong thick planks as au outwork on the only othor point aouessibla to tho Mingrelinns (Georgians) by the south ; this lind at its right the sea, and on its left another marsh, beyond which is a thick wood. Tho Turks worked away with plokuxe nod BIIOVCI most manfully ; they had no Arlillory officer with them, and were ns ignorant as dill Iron on the sub- ject; tho Bey, nevertheless, carried out tho orders of tho Marine Artillery ofEcorsj houses wera destroyod and ol hors strengthened, though at llrst ha was somowhat aghast at the amount of demolition required. They established n conti- nuation of tho old fort on tho land side. No officers*were nllowod on shore that day but tlioso on duty. Towards stinsot tho Turks gradually became lazy, und had to bo encouraged with Moskov, to «how them tho necessity of going on. At 5 o'olook tho next morning I caught tho little old Boy just gottlng up, smoked a chibouque with bim, and then pantomimed n furious digging, upon willoh ho sent to awaken tho men, mon of whom wcro asleep about their piled arms, and the rest smoking, and at half- past 5 they were all digging away capitally. It was explained to tho Bey what ho must do whou tho ships bad left, and what number of mon should bo in tho'difforetit posts. The Turka worked admirably,, mid, as ono party of the diggers vied with the other, the parapet got on wonderfully, and (ho wliolo of tho defences nssumcd a most rospoct able appearance, A party of officers crossed tho river by the flying bridge, and walked over tho mouldering romnnuts of tho town, and somewhat Iioyoiid, notwithstanding tho warnings of Bashi Buzouks, who oro posted on this side, concerning lurking Muskovs nnd Goorginns. Tho place is entirely destroyed. Nothing romains of the maia part of tho town hut bl »ok beams strewed around. In the centro stand Isolated tho stono steps which formed tho approach to tho church. Tho ohlmnovB nnd ovens of tho houses alono mark their sito, ail thc rest having been of wood. Ap- parently, a handsome street had run parallel with tho river, but its houses must hive boon very un- healthy, ns both on the north and south sides' stretches n marshy country, covored with biush wood and largo lilies. The glass of tho houses was Been in fused lumps ; pottory strewed tho ground, and occasionally wera found rats and cits, from their position burnt to (loath In tho not of running away. In tho ovening Admiral Lyons inspeoted tho works, with which he oxprossod himself 4 perfectly delighted.' Tho admiral thon, with tho oaptnln of tho Obnrle magno nnd Bovcral others, pullo 1 up tho river, having tho piooautlon'ot a skirmishing party of Turks on each bank for thoir protootli n. Ono of those took n Georgian prisoner, and oonveyod him to the fort. Ho was besot on all sides by tho Turks, who crowded around him, unkooding thoir odloors' ordors, willoh were enforced by those gontlcmcn possessing thomsolves of largo sticks and laying thom on tho hoads of tho Turkish sol dlors, right and loft. The prisoner (suspected, with roason, cf being a spy) was brought beforo the Boy, and soi.t as a prisonor to lils quarters. Tho poor Goorginn was in an nwful fright, us well ho might be, and beforo going to his prison knelt down and kissed tho hom of thu Boy's ooat with tho greatest reveronco. A Turk touched his musket significantly, with an oiprossion which meant'that fellow will ho shot to-night.' llowovor ho was presorted by an order from tho admiral to send him on board tho Sampson. Wo retain in tho (loot tho oillcors nnd soltllors of tho Hussion troops which wo cap- tured j also tho O rook crow. Our prlzo is said to lmvo UOOlbs. weight of quinina on board, part of tho mcdloal storos collected from tho wholo of tho Circassian stations, lint I must now tell you of our proceedings prior to tho events I lmvo nar- rated. After leaving Golflndjik wo sitw tba de- serted Btatiou orWillioluiiuBkv, willoh occupies a beautiful position on a forillo slopo, and pro tool ed hy well studied defences j beyond this tho olifl's o mo abruptly luto the sea, and betweon theta thuro aro long vnlloys Ulled with luxuriant foliage. After Oolondjlk comes tho littlo station of Iiuzirolf, tho centro of a potfcot gem of sconory. lt Blands (or rallier stood, as tho wholo ls burnt or destroyed, except tho outer loopholed walls, mid n oouplo of blockhouses, sttiddod with poplins, tho lower hnlvos of which aro now blackened by fire) in tho middle of a small plain, nt tho ontriinco of n troniondous gorge | on either side, mid far up in tho distance, which ls beautifully broken into hill nnd dale, aro mosses of trees in full foliage, mid tho gorge ls closet! lu tho esl romo distance by tho usual accompaniment to BIIUII scones lu this part of tho world-n lofty snow mid pine covered mountain. A oolleotion of mountain rtrennis (lows by Lnziruff with nil tho impor- tance cf n river, nnd upon i's banks wa Baw many Olrcasslnns nnd two Turkish trading bouts. "After Luzaroff carno OolovliiBky. As we pnssod it tho Uircassintis and a Turkish vossel or two fired n salute, whluh was duly relumed by tho Agamemnon. A few miles hoyoud Oolovliisky tho admiral stood closo to tho slioru mid anchored j tho rest of tho Heat did tho same. Two Turkish trading boat* from Trahlzondo wcro high and dry on tho hcnoli, and hundreds ol' Circassians formad a picturesque I crowd (neatly all hoing mounted) by tho seashore Tills point la named lUtdan, nutt hero tho Hus I siana Wa porsovoiiogly tried to got a fooling, and ns often been foiled by Circassian rides, tito owners of which ara not . little proud of tho frequent repulsions of Moskov. Bardon bas therefore boen thu only Circassian post, and from this ii'nco the young ladles hftvo for years been eligibly settled In. tho harems of tho gent men of Stamboul, From this placo Onptnin llrook arid tho enpineor officer started over tho mountains with a few Sappers and un escort of Circassians, ? qommaiuled by Ismail Bey, to cross tho Kassian rond by hcok or by crook, nnd to communicate with Sclmmyl if possible. Ismnil Bity is a great mun among tho people, and a lord of tho soil of Hnrdan ; ha wos brought from Constantinople tho other day hy tho Terrible, and bas since lived in tho Agamemnon. On tho landing of tho pu ty all good wishes woro expressed by a sal II I o of Fovon guns, and they startod on their expedition that samo evening. As soon na wo landed we were surrounded by a crowd of Circassians, who imme- diately lcd us by a pal li from tho shore, through woods, brumbies, and ditches, to a long Held, sur- rounded by wood», ntnong whinh sovernl wooden dwellings showed their roofs. This was a beauti- ful spot, and the grass bi'iioith r.s ii mass of daisies and buttercups. A renewal of acquaint- ance with these was m t thu lea«t pleasant part of our trip. A Cironssiun tnado ma mount his horso. Crossing a stream, I gave it up again, mid pre- pared, willi a guido, to scalo ono of the mountain heights. We had a heavy null up this lull, cm a narrow pathway coverod with briar and brambles. On our way wo mot two Circassian young ladies, rather moon-fuoed, but with boautilul companions an 1 pleasant expression. Our Circadian friend onllod to them to oovor tholr faces (wo lind n dragoman with us) an order whioh tho young ladies showed their good sonso hy neglecting. At tho top wo had a most noble view, a cúmplelo panorama of rioh wood, orerioppcd with BUOW; several villages wore dotted among tho woods and upon tho mountain sides, tho dwellings ticing nil of wood. Wo descended bv another mouiitulu path I to (lioara; hore wo took auothcr stroll, and entered a wood. Wo lind been advised not to stray too far, as the Circassians of tho mountains wore ignorant of our arrival, and might toko us for Russians. In tho wood wo mot n line-looking old gentleman, mounted, and proceeding slowly ; I witli bim wero two Ciroa-sian «¡rh, his daugh- ters, as lt appeared. Not knowing what to make of w, he frew hts sword, or rather long knife, and looked fierce, but on nearing us, and Boeing wo wero unarmed, returned it again, and was quito happy when he knew us to bo ' Inghealoez.' Then his daughters darno for- ward and shook hands with all. Uno was about 12 years old, tho other 14, tho latter exceedingly pretty, with a fiilr skin, blue eyes, a-d light hair, and wo wero told by tho old gentleman ready and happy to become a portion of thu personal effects of nny of in for 10,000 pinstros (£80). Thoso C;ronsslsn girls look forward to this, as hoing Bottled In lifo, and geing to Stamboul is a fullllmobt of their best wishes mid desires, just as a young lady In London makes an 'eligible' match. Our little friend with the blue eyes looked at us earnestly, in confirmation of papa's words, and mado Borne of our party a pro rent of sholls she had just picked up, which she pantomimed would boar o.fiuo polish ; but a Cir- cassian girl hero and at Stamboul aro two very diffeiont beings. At homo she wanders about in plain mid rough dress, only droamlng of the gold and decoratiou ilia*, may some day fall to her lot at Stamboul. They oro generally educated lu Turkish young lady-like accomplishment-", music, ko., and imbiba by degrees tho nrtillcial lifo thoy must lend henceforth. No Turk can marry, unloBS ho provide his wife or wives with all manlier of or- naments and luxury, and boneo a docreaso in lbs population willah would groatly gratify Mr. Malthus. As tho Turka of tho lower orders dio at Stamboul, tholr place U mostly filled by fresh arrivals from Asia. Tho two Tm kiah trading vossels fired an occoutrio salute ns tho ships arrived and anchored. A French oiiicer told mo that those boats had arrived to export n freight of tho same nature as tho little blue-eyed girl I haro told you of ; cadi ship would hold 200 of them. On descending tho mountain wo sun* a number of Circassian woroon looking from among tho brushwood nt the ships j direotly wo appeared thoy dippod among tho brushwood liko so ninny apooimens of 'Jaok in tho box.' I oannot account fer Boch exo?ssivo delicacy on their part, except, perhaps, by their hoing tho wives of sonio of tho warriors on tho bo.iob, whi perhaps were very jealous follows. Wo took tliroo of tlieso pcoplo off in our boat, and numerous wero tboir oxpros BIOBS of astonisbinent and " Mashallabs '. on Boeing tbe slu'p and its contents. A book with views of Stamboul particularly olicltod their admiration, but ut tho sight of a rovolver and its six stiacojsivo explosions of caps carno a " MashaU lah, Maahallah," and a shout of laughter. On seoing an ongraving of the Groek Slave, tho old gontleman laughed and nut bis hands before bin evos liko tho most sotisitivo of American ladies. Thoy ato bioad and salt (tho hit tor is most valuable among them), and took back with thom «ouio chnrgos of powder. Before coming oil' I notiodd a mark of dolioato feeling ou ttio {lort of ono of thom. Sooing wo woro unarmed, io took off his pistols, knives, and sabre, und, tmslingiiig lils rifle, insisted on leaving them on sboro bubind him. Whon tho admiral went on shoro, ho was at oneo rouogniscd, and rccoivod as a.priuoo; and, on lenving, tho whole of tho hundrods of rifles wore discharged at onoo by tboir owners. " Wo loft Bardan during tho night, and In onrly morning wore off Nnvoginsk. lloro tho admiral sent a boat nsboro to look at tho dostroyod fortress, whoro wero still found, left behind, 24 brass guns. What a gift tboso would bo tu our friends tho Turks nt Ifedout-Knleh ! By tho by, I forget to tell that those Turks aro of tho militia. After leaving Nnvaginsk, wo passed tho blowii- up Busaian post of tho ' Jloly Ghost,' and thon came Gagri. "Tho Circassians oro a remarkably good, looking moo-tall nnd well nando, nnd gonerally fair, sonia ovon of tho older warriors hnvlng quito rink chocks; and, add onough, when ono con- siders their roaming lifo, their feot and bnnds uro remarkably small. Thoy out their skin shoos to flt tho foot exactly. In dress thoy onrry a hugo altair on tho head, of tho calpuo spocics ; a high cono of yollow cloth rises from a forest of fur wbioh ouciroles tho hoad ; their ooats ara prluai Îlally mndo of a coarse woollen fabric, and renell ar boluw tho kneo. Tho higher orders hnvo this of brilliant yollow cloth; round thu throat a linon undcr-garmont huttons exactly, nnd over this ls frequently worn n smart silk nffalr, show- ing between tho folds of the oont. In tholr broast thoy carry about a saoro of bono or ivory onsos, Oiled with looso pondor, hnvlng Ilia bail nt tho top. Samo of tho" hotter sott wonr smnrt eoarlot loggings and yollow or rod slippors; round tho waist of all aro fastened multitudinous knlvis and pistols, upon n loather bolt, and slung over tho nhouldor, in noloth oaso, tho lido. They look altogether Uko a sot of nristoorntio savages. Wo wara all grontly disnppolutod that tho birds had flown fiom Qelcudjik ¡ tho plan of proposed r.ttnek wns parfeot ; tho pinn for attuoklng Soudjoo was also ni ad o out. " At Sinopo wo found tho nineo ns mournful looking ns ovor- exactly in tlio samo stata ns when wo first saw it, oxcopt that two small forts hnvo boen erootod. Not a singlo bouso ls re- built, and tho Russian shot nra still sauttarod about, liven tho Austrian Consul lins not repaired tho shnt-holas through lils domicile Our Russian captives were mightily nfrnid of hoing left at Sinopo ¡ In that casu, thoy Bald, thoy wero sure tho Inhabitants would hang thom. Wo lookod through one of the Turkish forts to-day. Its olllccrshowed lively satisfaction »tourtutti to mimo ol' tho ocotipntloii of llodout-Kiiloh hy his brothren. All tho muskets, swords, stores, &o;, took aro gouo to bo sold with tho pi izo at Maltn, tho Circiissiniis being possessed of fur bailor wcn/0113 of their own. Wo gnvo them, however, lots of shirts, nnd distributed 20,000 rounds ul' UiiBslnti ball uartrldgo. Wo onpturcd a Russian gunboat with tho brig, fully equipped, nud liavo kopt lt In tow mid mod lt constantly." 