I CHRISTIANS UNDER THE SULTAN. I I (From tho British Quarterly Review /or April.) ._- vi-(1 ) Armenia a Year on Vie Fronixer of Jtussia, Tin jcu, mid Terna By tho lion It Curzon 1 vol, 8vo London Alurray 1851 (j) Hie Minutan Shores of Ihe Black Sen AV »th Maps lind Illus trrtlonsi HyLAuiiNrci,OuriuM lvol 8vo (Hurd Ldltion ) I (llnbargh and London Blackwood (3 Ihe J usso-JurUsh Campaigns 0/1828 9 with a Vitui of the Ficscnt Stale of the JUaslci n Question Hy Colonel Cmsma 1 vol, Sv o, will» Mails London Smith, Eldir, nnd Co 1851 (4) Tapers pre ented to Fathamcnt Inj the Command of JIci Majesty touching the Zaslei n Question (5) J he Czar, his Corni and reople ByJouvII AUvvml-l 1 vol, 12mo London Bentley li) A leal with the Imls By Vi Svivtii MA. lvol,8io London Porker and Son 1851 (7 ) Kirehltch Statistik [stnti^tloi of the Chi letinn Church in its present Internal Condition ) Bj Dr Jui rus A\ lootna 2 vols, 8\o London Nutt [Continued ) The unlimited power of the Russian sceptre is employed solely for political ends. As a political instrument the Greek church is protected, controlled, and, when necessary, eased of any superfluous wealth. Dissidents are, at the best, regarded with aversion, treated with harshness, and it is well if something much worse does not befall them. The unfortunate Poles have grievously suffered at the hands of the "orthodox" rulers of Russia. The persecutions of the united Greeks of Poland began immediately after the first partition, and were resumed with extreme bitterness on the triumph of the Russian arms in 1831. Polish authorities give the number of these religionists as 3,160,000. The Czar Paul I, appointed a commission whose business was the conversion of the united Greeks, though their deviation from the Emperor's creed was scarcely more than nominal. The missionaries were accompanied by soldiers. When the former had spoken in vain, the latter employed the eloquence of their resources. Converts multiplied, and many a Te Dmm was offered to the Most High, in acknowledgment of the success of the operations. In 1830, three bishops, Siemansko, Luszezguski, and Zubko, applied their efforts to the same detestable purpose. They began with persuasion and cajolery; the work proceeding but slowly, they tried the effect of promises and threats; then they pleaded their cause by means of presents, and finally brandy was made an agent of their propagandism. Yet, strange to say, recusancy had it nearly all its own way. What remained but force ? Accordingly - we cite the words of an official document, a kind of reply to a ukase issued 2nd December, 1835, commanding instant adhesion to the Czar's church - "then the officers ceased to work by deception, and took to violence; they seized us by the hair of our heads, and beat us till they made the blood run. Then some of us were haled to prison, and others hurried off to the city of Lepel. When the Commissioners saw that they could not convert us, they forbad us. to celebrate any of our religious rites." This spirit of manly fortitude, however, was the portion of only a minority; two millions of souls were thus driven into the loving embrace of the Emperor Alexander, then at the head of the Russo-Greek church. Yet more melancholy are the details given by the abbess Makrena Mieczyshnvska, of the persecutions she underwent. She was the superior of a nunery in the city of Minsk. Commanded by Bishop Siemansko, already mentioned, to enter with her sisters the "orthodox " church, she refused. Thereupon she and the other nuns were violently torn from the convent, and taken first to Witepsk and then to Polozek. There they were handed over to the mercies of a Greek nun, by name Czernis, by whom they were ignominiously treated. Having been fettered, they were compelled to discharge the lowest offices. Nay, they were made to do work which only men could safely perform; they laboured in the quarry, they dug out lime and sand, they conveyed the materials in wheelbarrows. Their dwelling was a humid stable, their bed a little straw, fire they had not. So bad and insufficient was their food, that they must have perished but for charity. Twice a week they were scourged. Siemansko made his appearance several times, in order to bring them over to his views; he failed. After a martyrdom of seven years, there were alive, of fifty-eight nuns, only nineteen; of whom seven were quite cripples, eight blind, and the remaining four in a sickly condition. These four effected their escape amid many dangers, and sought refuge in Rome, under the wings of the Pope. Thus does one Christian flee from the violent hands of another ; thus does a Greek creed, deeply dyed, persecute the adherents of another Greek creed, somewhat lighter in hue, at the very hour when Islamism disowns the intolerance of which it has grown ashamed, and admits men of all creeds to equal rights with its own professors. The Catholic church of Poland has suffered less, though its condition is truly lamentable. Its relation to the Russian Establishment may be illustrated, if we mention the substance of a number of ukases bearing thereupon. The most important are the following :- An ordinance of December 29, 1819, by which several foregoing ukases were confirmed with augmented rigour; one of the 8th October, 1839, prohibiting the employment of chaplains in private abodes; one of the 10th of June, 1830, and another of the 11th July, 1836, forbidding the Catholic clergy to have in their service members of the state church; one issued in 1831, and another in the year 1832, restricting the liberty of the Catholic priests as to travelling in the country, and requiring them not to quit their homes without permission; one of the 31st December, 1839, prescribing to Catholic priests the kind of confessions they were to hear, and the number of masses they were to celebrate; one of the 16th January, 1840, addressed to the Catholic College, commanding its authorities to regard the United Greeks as no longer belonging to the Catholic communion, but as members of the "Orthodox Church ; " again, one of the 21st March, 1840, respecting persons who are termed "apostates," that is, such as would not renounce the United Greek church in which they were born - and directing that they were to be regarded as persons of unsound mind, and as such to be placed in wardship, from a share in which their nearest relatives were expressly excluded. From this glance at the tender mercies of Russia in dealing with conscientious religionists elsewhere, we can readily imagine what her course would be, with Constantinople as her centre, towards Mohammedans and Catholics, and above all towards Protestants and Liberals. But we may now look for a moment to the sort of Christianity which is involved in this question, and towards which we are called upon to exercise such tender and brotherly solicitude. The history of this quarrel, in so far as it has respect to the " Holy Places," will throw some light on this point. The "Holy Places" are found in and near the city of Jerusalem. Under what aspect, then, does Christianity appear before the eyes of the Moslem? Thither he allows Christians of all denominations to resort, and there, near the spots which are hallowed in the memory of every true believer, and whose sanctity ought to quell every angry passion in the minds of those who visit them, one might expect that the religion of those devotees would appear before the eyes of unbelievers in its own mild, liberal, and attractive form. But what is the fact.? All travellers unite in describing the scenes which are enacted in those "Holy Places" in Easter week, as a scandal to religion, and an offence to morality. Take the evidence of Dr.Olin, who visited Jerusalem in 1840.* Speaking of the services of the Catholics in the Church of the Holy Sepulchre, which represent, in scenic style, the crucifixion of Christ, that pious and learned divine remarks - "Many of those who assisted at the pageant appeared, as I was told, to be deeply affected; the mass of spectators, however, and many of the monks, evidently regarded it an idle and trivial affair, while a rabble, always attendant on such exhibitions, indulged in all kinds of disorder, and frequently, compelled the Turkish police, who were stationed in different parts of the church, to interfere with heavy blows for the preservation of order. The Musselmen look upon these scenes with undisguised and bitter contempt, and evidently use their batons with hearty good-will. The resurrection was celebrated by the Greeks; the Armenians, Copts, and native Christians take part in the services. The Greek ecclesiastics are always less solemn and decent in the performance of their functions than the Catholics, and on the present occasion they were guilty of practising upon the ignorant multitude a gross and palpable fraud, which it was not easy to witness without an entire loss of all respect and confidence. I was present during a part of this mortifying exhibition. The pretension is, that fire is miraculously kindled within the holy sepulchre. The high ecclesiastics of this sect, I believe, after some religious exercices in the chapel, entered into the sepulchre, the whole body of the church being crowded with pilgrim and less interested spectators, and those about the sepulchre provided with torches, wax candles, and tapers. All eyes were intensely fixed upon the sepulchre, when, after a brief delay, a brilliant light appeared, and was raised to a small aperture in the western wall ; this produced a strong sensation in the multitude, who rushed forward with frantic eagerness to lighten their torches by the celestial flame. The confusion and tumult that ensued are indescribable, and the Turkish police were on the alert to restore order by the usual expedient of beating the people over the head and shoulders with fists and clubs. Such are the means employed by bishops and archbishops, the professed successors of the Apostles, to promote piety and inspire devotion among the people. Such dishonour is poured upon the adorable Saviour in the house of his friends - on the very spot where, according to their tradition and assured belief, 'he was delivered for our offences, and rose again for our justification,' '(vol. ii. pp. 109-10.) 'The worst part of the affair,' remarks another and a highly learned traveller,* is not the manifest fraud practised in the pretended miracle of the fire, but the general dissoluteness which this nightly ceremony veils, and which borders on that of the heathen orgies. Greek priests forget themselves even to descend to sympathy with Turkish dervishes, setting morality and modesty alike at defiance. One day Ibrahim Pasha, as master of Syria, played in this fine prodigy the part which Napoleón Buonaparte played at Naples. In Naples the blood of St. Januarius was unwilling to become liquid: thereon arose great excitement among the people, Buonaparte commanded that blood should become liquid. Liquid it became! In the same way did Ibrahim act with the dilatory fire, while he sat looking down from the gallery on the ceremonies of the Greeks.' (vol. ii. pp. 45, 46.) From a still more recent traveller, who has given a full account of these deplorable scenes, we gather an additional fact or two. 'The Pasha's interference nearly cost him his life, such was the frightful fanaticism of which the priests made it the occasion. The whole ceremony is, as may be supposed, an object of derision with the Mohammedans. Such scenes are not at all uncommon in the holy city. Very often does there arise a conflict between Latins and Greeks respecting the employment of an altar. The sacred ceremonies often end with clubs, and even with arms ; and, not long since, two men were severely wounded in a quarrel in the Church of the Holy Sepulchre. Yet these public offences are not the worst. Worse than they are the divine services in the dark, at the festival of the communication of the sacred light as an image of the gift of the Holy Ghost. Then the entire Church lies, from evening to midnight, in the thickest darkness \- the veil of silence must remain over the gross and sensual multitude - it suffices to state that the superstition of the Greeks openly proclaims in Jerusalem that a man whose birth stands connected with the Church of the Holy Sepulchre is endowed with algether special ability. -vol. ii. pp. 193-4. It may be thought that there is little connexion between these disgraceful proceedings in Jerusalem and the mother churches in the great capitals of the Greek worship. On the contrary, the last authority informs us, 'The fire kindled by the holy lie is widely propagated; many in their zeal carry the sacred flame as far as Constantinople, and it is said in Jerusalem that in St. Petersburg a lamp, kindled from the sacred flame, is kept continually burning.' (p. 194.) These facts can give but a very imperfect notion of the bitter and inveterate hatred with which the adherents of the two great churches of Christendom meet and contend with each other near the grand mosque of Jerusalem, once the temple of Jehovah, now one of the most sacred spots of the Ottoman empire. The source of those scandalous quarrels is sacerdotal rivalry, the object of them certain places and certain privileges, in regard to which, from time immemorial, the Greek tries to gain an advantage over the Latin, and the Latin over the Greek. Between the two ecclesiastical belligerents the Porte acts the part of police officer. But shameful as are these feelings, and the uproar and fightings which proceed from them, the quarrel is espoused by European powers, who, on their part, prompted severally by their priesthoods, employ all their resources to outwit and go beyond each other. Thus, a petty and despicable squabble between two knots of low sectaries in Palestine may set the world in a blaze. In the contest and complications which have hence repeatedly arisen, the attitude of the Sultan has been one of dignity compared with the position of the Latin king or Greek czar. Specially creditable is the attitude held by the sultan in the present dispute. Not by any endeavour after self-aggrandizement, not by the invasion of the prerogatives of any other ruler, not by oppression, insult, or treachery, has Abdul Medshid been brought into trouble, and his dominions invaded, and thousands of his unoffending subjects slain. His sole fault is found in the misfortune of his being placed in such a position as to have to do his best towards keeping the peace between two brawling factions. In that laudable effort he is innocent of partiality. Tolerant he has been, and his aim has been to make the two combatants tolerant like himself. This dignified impartiality is the sole cause of the sultan's present difficulty. We repeat it - and we wish it to be repeated everywhere, the sultan's sole crime is his tolerance; a Moslem emperor is menaced with destruction by a (so-called) Christian emperor, because of his solicitude to uphold religious toleration and religious decency. The facts of the case are these. The Emperor of France and the Emperor of Russia pretend to certain protectoral rights over their respective communions as far as they exist in the territories of the sultan. Very anxious to conciliate the priesthood and the camarilla of Rome, Louis Napoleon, when he had set his heart on an imperial throne, persuaded the sultan to show some favour to the Latin or Romish Christians in Syria. But favour to the Latins was disfavour to the Greeks. Accordingly, the Emperor of Russia, scarcely less desirous to stand well with the priests of his church, and always ready to pick a quarrel with Turkey, fell into a passion, and resolved to » " Travels in Egypt, Arabia Petreaea, and the Holy Land." Bv the Rev. S. Olin, U.U., President of the Wesleyan University (United State«). 2 vols. 8vo. New York. 1813. " Constantin Tischendorf, ' Reise en den Orient,' 1810. \+ Reisebilder aus dem Morgenlande.' Von Dr. V. Dietrich. 2 vols. 12mo, Loudon : Nutt. 1853. make the sultan repent his good-natured concessions. Yet what was the favour? anything at which the autocrat might justifiably feel displeased? any trenching on his rights ? any breach of international law ? It was simply a decree (Feb. 1852) that in future all Christian confessions should enjoy the same privileges in respect of the 'Holy Places.' What more just ? What so likely to put an end to the quarrels which had so often broken the peace in the sultan's dominions, and brought perplexity into his council? Even if thereby France gained anything at the expense of Russia, why should the adjudicator be blamed and punished for an act of simple justice, recognising a strict equality? Russia, not content to stand on an equal footing with her Latin sister, demanded that the Greek church should take precedence, and when the Mohammedan judge pronounced an impartial sentence, she smote him in the face. And it is for a wretched ecclesiastical squabble like this that the sultan's empire has been invaded, and the peace of Europe broken up! Humiliating truly is it to be obliged to add that, of the three parties concerned, the Mohammedan alone appears in a reputable light; with him rests, not merely all the morality, but all the good manners of the strife. The quarrel which Russia began in jealousy she has prosecuted in deceit, and sustained by violence. On the 16th of March, 1853, the Russian plenipotentiary, Prince Menshikoff, handed to the Porte a note, complaining that by the concessions to France the rights of Russia were damaged, and the position of its emperor compromised; and demanding, as a means of preventing the repetition of such an injury, a treaty distinctly recognising the rights and privileges of the Greek Christians in the Turkish empire, and empowering the czar to interpose from time to time, as should seem to him expedient, as their protector. This claim was put forth in a more formal or fuller, and a more precise manner, by another note presented by the same hand, on the 19th of the ensuing month. Here the ground is already changed. The dispute, which began respecting a few spots in Syria, is now extended till it covers the whole Ottoman territory, and a demand for superiority over France has grown into a demand for the concession to the czar of a share in the government of the sultan's empire. A concession of the kind would be a surrender of its sovereignty on the part of the Porte. Had the concession been made, only one more act, namely, his abdication, would the grand sultan have had to perform to give the last blow to his power. Abdul Medshid would have been a poltroon as well as a traitor, had he listened to the demand. Clearly did the divan penetrate the designs of Russia, for this was not the first time they had been put forward. On the 5th of May, however, it put into the hands of the Russian representative two firmans, designed and fitted to adjust the differences in Palestine. Menshikoff replied, that the documents touched only one part of the question, that the required guarantee of the rights of the sultan's Greek subjects was not spoken of, and that he would fix the 10th of the month as the ultimate limit for his receiving a satisfactory answer on that point. Accompanying the last Russian communication was the draft of a treaty by which the Porte was to bind itself lo the czar not to lessen in any way the rights, immunities, and privileges enjoyed by the members of the Greek church tlnoughout the length and breadth of the Ottoman empire. On the appointed day the sultan gave his answer to the prince, which was to the effect, that he was willing to comply with any requests which did not trench on his honour and independence, but that he could not conclude with a foreign power a treaty which interfered with the internal administration of his dominions, and which in so doing would strike a fatal blow at his sovereignty. At the same time, he gave the most distinct and emphatic assurance, that of his own free will he would uphold the liberties and privileges of all Christian professors, and specially those of the Greek church throughout his empire. Having made this declaration, not only to Russia, but to all the powers, the sultan thought he had taken from the czar all ground for any special demand. Menshikoff, however, insisted on the treaty, and postponed his ultimatum to the 14th of the month. Meanwhile, Russian intrigue being busily at work, a change of ministry took place (May 13th) in the sultan's divan. Effected for Russian purposes, the change brought around the sultan's person men of strength more equal to the crisis. Mustapha Pasha became grand vizier. In view of the alterations in the cabinet, a delay of six days was asked for and granted. On the 19th, accordingly, the Turkish minister for foreign affairs, Redshid Pasha, placed in the hands of the Russian ambassador a proclamation, addressed to the Greek patriarch of Constantinople, which undertook that no changes in regard to "the holy places" should in future be made without the joint concurrence of Russia and France, gave permission to the Russians to erect in Jerusalem a church and a home for strangers, and offered to ratify these favours as well as the general rights of the Greek Church in Turkey, by a formal and solemn act. These concessions, in reality, met all the claims advanced by Menshikoff. But the required treaty, giving special right of interference to Russia, was not promised. Consequently, the Russian embassy quitted Constantinople. The rest of the Russian policy is so notorious as scarcely lo require recapitulation. The dominions of the Porte were invaded on the pretence that Nicholas look possession of the Principalities solely as material guarantees for the due execution of his requirement. No sooner was he in the heart of his victim's territories, than he began to exercise acts of sovereignty, in other words, to put the property he had plundered into his own coffers, at the very moment that he declared before all Europe that his solo wish was to secure the rights of the Greek Church in Turkey. While thus endeavouring to blind the eyes of the world, he took pains to throw an element of personal bitterness into the quarrel with the Sultan, for, on the 31st of May, Count Nesselrode informed Redshid Pasha that the Czar took the refusal of a treaty as an insult. Having thus got the cauldron well heated in Turkey, Nicholas left no means untried to keep off foreign interference. How long and how well he succeeded, and how he has at last failed, miserably failed, is known to all. We do not make any attempt to conceal the fact that there is much official corruption in Turkey; nor is it denied that the executive of the Sultan is often so feeble in the distant parts of his empire as not to be sufficient to give that degree of security to life and property which is indispensable to the material and moral prosperity of the people. The license of polygamy, and some other provisions of the Koran, also present their peculiar difficulties. But, notwithstanding all those drawbacks, the Turk is a manly and noble nature, if compared with the great majority of those who are now leagued against him, whether in Turkey or elsewhere. Take the following passage as a sample of the report which an intelligent Englishman makes concerning the Turk, as the result of living with him : My companions had served, some of them as officers, but mostly as privates, in various corps, and, though sometimes externally rough, were as a body remarkable for propriety and kindliness of conduct, superior to what we should meet in asimilar group among nations occupying a higher place in European estimation, the injunction, to "do unto others as you would they should do unto you" is not considered an idle form of words by the Turks, but is carried into practice. The most wealthy does not disdain to converse with the poorest, the strong man in a mob will yield to the old or to women and children, sons exhibit respect amounting to reverence towards their parents, and the stranger amid a crowd meets with those attentions which prove that the people possess, in a kindly heart and manner, one of the most agreeable elements of civilisation.- A Year with the Turks, pp. 184, 185. Only one little trait of Turkish honesty may I introduce, as it happened to fall under my own observation. A friend of mine wandering through the bazaar, wished to buy an embroidered handkerchief of a Turkish shopkeeper; he asked the price. "Seventy-five piastres." "No," said he, aware that a ask more than the value, "that is too much, I will give you seventy;" and as the dealer seemed to nod assent, he counted out the money. But his suprise was great when the bearded Osmanli, gravely pushing him back twenty piastres, observed, "This is more than the just price; it is always the custom here to bargain over a thing down to its fair value, and as fifty piastres is my proper price, those twenty belong to you." Verily, not a few among our professing Christians might take a lesson from the believer in the Koran.-pp. 180, 181. I must, however, do them the justice to observe, that I saw with them none of that oppressive and overbearing manner towards the rayahs, or Christian subjects, so often imputed to the Turks, and which indeed, in theory, is one of their duties as true followers of the prophet. They always entered just as familiarly into conversation with the Bulgarian peasants as with the Osmanli, inquired into all the particulars of the state of their Bareket "blessing," or harvest, and supplied them with a pipe of good tobacco. It is true they always called them giaour; but as the word is commonly used there is nothing in it implicative of insult, and it is only employed to distinguish those who are not Mohammedans.- pp. 207, 208. Take the following, as showing the sort of friends that Christians may find among Moslems: - Mahmoud took me aside. "My soul," quoth he, "attempt not to start, danger encircles us now ; but if it be the will of Allah, it will soon pass away. We have now been road companions for many a mile, and I have learnt new things. Christians from your countries in the west need not be like most of our giaours - drunkards, cheats, or liars. I am convinced that it is not what we call ourselves which secures the favour of God - whose name be praised! Whether we say we are Muslim or Christian, it must be our actions alone which can render us acceptable to Allah. Come, then, to my house; you shall be my son as long as you think fit to remain, and no hurt shall befall you as long as I and mine are safe from harm." My speech in return was probably neither neat nor appropriate; but, at all events, we fell into a kind of family circle, and I was no less grateful for his hospitality to a stranger, than glad to have so good an opportunity for making myself more acquainted with the domestic life of this somewhat enigmatical people, p. 221. The following is a most pleasant comparison as between Mohammedan and Christian: "What's in a name." Well had Mahmoud Beg observed to me that, as regards religions, it mattered little to Allah what we call ourselves. My good Mohammedan friends, to say nothing of their hospitality, had been so scrupulously honourable on the journey, that my share of the expenses, calculated to the utmost farthing, had amounted to an absurdly minute sum. I was now to sec what the nominal profession of a purer creed would do. The Greeks received me at a house in the outskirts of the town, with fraternizing expressions to welcome the brother Christian; but scarcely a quarter of a hour had passed before they took advantage of my haste, and inability to trade elsewhere; and as their horse was provided with a samor or pack-saddle, cheated me outrageously in the price they gave for the saddle, which I was obliged to leave behind. It was the first specimen, and far from the last, of their dirty meannesses and trickeries, which they allowed were not practised by the Turks, because, forsooth, the "Mohammedan religion strictly forbade any deviation from honesty." p. 259 'In proceeding northward, we had to ford the Servian Morava, which, swollen by rain, nearly carried away our horses; and we then struck across to rejoin the main route at Yagodin. My Greeks, in the meanwhile, did their best to turn me to account, over and above the sum I had agreed to pay them. At one time it was my cloak, at another my pistols or other arms, which they coveted; and first they would propose I should make them a present of the desired object as a reminiscence of a journey with a brother Christian, and they suggested a friendly exchange to the same end, wherein the article proposed on their side was about a tenth of the value of that on mine, It was too absurd to raise one's cholor, but when the scheme was propounded during a long wet ride, or on a scrambling road, where the horses' legs plunged through rotten timber into a quagmire, it so far discontented me with my guides, that I wished them no good, and that their places were filled by my old Osmanli friends, ever truthful and honourable.- p.p. 271, 272. In the past and the present, the outrages ascribed to the Turks have generally been the work of parties whom the true Moslem would disown. Often, too, these reports exhibit a marvellous faculty for invention. Dr. Mitchelsen, in his Resources of the Ottoman Empire, describes one of these scenes in the following terms:-" The Christian villages they plundered, and sometimes burnt down. Vrania, a considerable town, inhabited by Christians, did not escape this fate ; the churches were destroyed, the men massacred, and the women and children dragged away into slavery." Now it so happens, that Mr. Warrington Smyth was at Vrania at the time of that insurrection, and, in refutation of Dr. Milchelsen's description, we have to state, that Vrania is not a Christian, but mainly a Mohammedan town; that no village in its neighbourhood was either burnt or plundered; that there was no massacre of the Christians, nor any carrying of women and children into slavery; and that the insurrection was an insurrection of Mohammedans against their Mohammedan superior, on account of an obnoxious tax. It is true that before the outbreak was quelled a mob of these Albanians succeeded in throwing down a church then in the course of erection, but the outrage was denounced by the Mohammedans of Vracia hardly less than by the Christians. Look on this picture and on that. In short, the want of the Turkish Government is not the want of a disposition to rule well and wisely, so much as the want of power so to do, in regard to thirty-four millions of people, of many races and religions, scattered over a territory of more than a thousand miles in length. What this Eastern question is in its political bearing we hope to show in another place; but we are now prepared to look at it intelligently in its religious aspect. With such facts before us, we may readily distinguish the question as it is, from the one-sided misconceptions of it which some men have endeavoured to thrust into its place. I. This question is not with us a question of religion at all - it is simply a question of natural right. It may seem strange that we of the British Quarterly, who may be supposed to have something of the theological narrowness of the old Puritan school cleaving to us, should take upon ourselves to lecture certain of our politicians, not thought to be much burdened with such gear, on the duty of looking to moral questions as resting on a basis quite independent of theological differences. Something of this sort, however, we feel bound to do. We say, then, that of all the forms of religious bigotry, there is none that we execrate so deeply, as that which prompts a man to assign a religious reason for a moral wrong. The soul and essence of the Inquisition is in that plea. From that has come the dungeon, the rack, the stake - all horribleness. Russia has done a flagrant wrong to her neighbour; and to assign a religious reason for acquiescing in that wrong is to subject religion to the foulest stain that can be cast upon it. II. The question here is not whether the Turkish Government is the best the world has ever seen, or something very different, but whether the Russian Government coming into its place would be an improvement upon it. In other words, whether the worst form of despotism shall be allowed to take the place of a state of high comparative freedom, both civil and religious. Whether a power that will not lie, that will not cheat, that Avili not persecute, shall be supplanted by one manifestly wedded by long habit to falsehood, craft, and intolerance. The choice lies between a power that lias politically progressed, and is willing to progress, and a power which has been stationary, and is resolved to be so. III. Nor is it a question whether efforts should be made to ensure that what may need to be done to place the Christians of the Ottoman empire upon an equality with the Moslems shall be done; but whether this end shall be seemed by means that would reduce the Sultan to the place of vassal to the Czar, or by such moral influence on the part of the great Christian powers, as may comport with the due independence of Turkey, as a member of the great family of European States. The man who does not see the wide difference between placing Russia alone in the one relation to Turkey; and Christendom at large in the other; must be so destitute of political insight as to be out of his place in meddling with such questions. The greatest enemies to Christian liberty in Turkey, accordingly, are the men, who, in place of looking to the intervention of the Christian powers to secure that object, are choosing such a moment as the present to lake the position of insurgents. What these men covet, is not subjection to the Czar, but a license which must entail upon themselves the greatest evils - or, in the case of the Greek, a visionary liberty, which it is not in his nature to know how to use. IV. Nor is this the question to be settled one affecting a majority as ruled by a minority. The partisans of Russia insist that the Mohammedans are not more than a fourth, some say not more than a million, of the population of Turkey. But how is this made to appear? By severing one-half of the Turkish empire from the other half, and then discoursing about the half as if it were the whole! Turkey in Europe is made to pass for Turkey Proper; which is much as though a disputant should choose to reckon Lancashire and Yorkshire as England, that so something which could only be said of those counties, might be said of all our counties. We should not, perhaps, be surprised to find men who can bring themselves to uphold Russian aggression, attempting to do so by such means. They give signs of being in bad company. It is good to seek equality of rights, but it is not good to seek even that end by foul means. V. Nor is the point at issue whether it would not be preferable to see a Christian ascendancy at Constantinople, in place of that which now obtains there, if there were really Christian elements in Turkey from which to constitute such a power. But of all the follies broached on this subject, that of a Greek empire in the room of the Turkish, is the most egregious. The men who are of the Greek race in Turkey do not exceed a million-onethirty-fifth of the entire population, or one-fifteenth of the population in Europe. And if there be enough in this bare mention of numbers to make the idea look from the numbers of these aspirants, to their character. The modern Greek, according to those who have had the best means of knowing him, is a man whose ruling passions are selfishness and vanity, and whose skill is ever taking the shape of duplicity and cunning. It is not from such materials that Providence is wont to construct great empires. At present there is no Christian race in Turkey to which the other races would submit for an hour; and they all know too much of the rule of the Czar to expect that his yoke would be lighter than that of the Sultan. VI. We must further say that the question to be determined is not whether this majority of Christians, found chiefly in the west of the Turkish Empire, is to be for ever subject to a majority of Mohammedans, found chiefly in the eastern division of that empire; but whether the time has come for transferring the power exercised there to new hands, and whether Russia is to be allowed to go in alone to effect the change, wholly irrespective of her neighbours. If these points - the real points at issue - be duly considered, our readers will see the value that should be attached to the talkings of a few weak and misguided men on this subject. It is well for these very quiet and cautious gentlemen, that there are men who are resolved that rascality shall not be uppermost in God's world if they can prevent it. 