y * . -SUGG ES noxs . 1 roR .v. SUBIES OF - POSES PI..VSTIQUES, OR'TAB " ' XEAVX VJVANS, io Ai'rnoi- KiATtî sitrsic. . > ' , Purksennery, nt tho F..unt, crowned' with .n wreath of green bnrze-typical of the Press. ; " Am,-" Un yonder rock[reclining." Dr. Lang ati iring. ? (N.B.-Not himself, but a-tiring other people.) A tn,-"Pray Goody, please to moderate." The'. Funny Correspondent" of tho Sydney A'ete.- laughing solus, at his own jokes, \- Ant,-'"'Hie dead march." Wentworth in three posions 1st. Fraternising ti ¡tit the chow chows. Ain,-" A friend and a bottle to give him." Sud. His grief on the ingratitude of the chow chows. Am,-"Bbw, blow, thou wintry wind." 3rd. His final repudiation of thc chow chows. Ala. - " All is lott now." Kemble commending his umbrella ta the care of a relation. Ant,-"Take back tho pledge you gave me." Bacchus refusing to become sponsor for screwy Park's colonial wine. Ant,-" Oh ! call it by some better name." Mr. Morgan inviting his friends to witness hts extreme couluMs (vide advertisement). Am,-"The man that couldn't get warra." Peter and William Dean's poet catching inspi- ration on nu eight-nnil- sixpeiiuy chair. Am,-" Tho' lightly rounds the song I sing." Stephen invoking vengeance on the licensed victuallers. Ain,-"What shall he have who killed the deer ?" Wentworth bewailing his Constitution. Atti,-"There's no more work for poor old Ned." . . . AN Ei.i-crnic PHN-IOUAPH.-AVe arc singu- larly old-fashioned, we dhlike humbug and mis- representation. In the Melbourne Jl/omoij» tl-rald wc have for mouths upon months seen nn announcement to tho fullfuviug effect: "Sydney. [From our own Correspondent.] We are not going to dive very deeply into the past, it will be quito sufficient to give a few ex- tracts from the latest returns, tay the latter end of February. In the M. M. Herald of the 21st of the second mutt h of the year '54, wc find Mr., N.B.-No Irish need apply-Edwnrdus-Volun- tas- Bruyham-Tiniiunabuluni-writes thus: "The case of the Umpire't compositors has resulted in a verdict of'guilty against all the seventeen. The course taken by Mr. Parkes np- j pears to have been at once reasonable and public spirited ; and it is a matter ».f congratulation that by tho conviction and punishment of tho compositors n stop will be put at once to that tendency to 'strike' which thc circumstances nf the c.dony only too greatly encourage. Had there men been acquitted, there would have been no limit to thc mischief which might have ensued." Let us rest a bit ofter this quotation. Let us catch mir wind before we extract the vaticination of " M. H., N. I. N., A., E., V., B., T.," upnn his previously laid down narrativ-ical pro- position-wc have it-meaning our atmospheric or aerial what's its name-and we now have the prophecy of '. Cassandra in cloth boots." Attend ye nations '. Bead ye typos, and pick up such letters, if ye can ! THE PIUIFHCCV.-" The most conspicuous in thc conspiracy will bc probably iuiprisjucd, mid thc others fined, the judge having regard to the necessities of thc trade. Jf they were nil impris- oned their cmployets would bo the principal sufferers." So it seems that thc measure of guilt or inno- cence depends entirely upon whether you nro wanted by your employer or not. Thc judge : (Sir Alfred, or Dickinson, or Thcrry, mayhap !) .' listens to thc addresses of seventeen against whom ; the jury have f..und ii verdict-guilty-takes a j pinch of snuff, shakes his head, swears in Mr. Pumpkin'f r a magistrate of tho Tutorloo dis- { trict, asks the time of day, reprimands tho great ; Prout, Sheriff's sub. (not for being asleep, but' for snoring so loud, and committing a nasal . organ contempt uf court), docs u variety of extra- ! judicial excrescences (pardon us !) and dclhcrs his judgment in the following style : " G-g-g-jentlemen; 1 meant to say p-p-p risoncis; it' vniir musters did not want you, I should Ecmf yon to G-g-g-Jail, but, under the circumstances I shall only put you into a short bread and water training." We'll pntt-ovrr this,¡and proceed to nm thor of the gentleman's facile veritably dipped pen paragraphs " Wc have received an account of tho procecd I ings of your Melbourne Council, in reference to your Constitution Bill. We think with yon, that you think yourselves n trifle better than we arc; I think with myself you arc mistaken. No ehtva'ier d'ind t strie cuii flourish with our con- stitution, however successful in your soil. If you have planted such there, do not endeavour to transplant. Ifyou have a small quantity of brains to transmit; I (when I say Egoinet, I mean We) shall bc happy to receive them; for, es Sbokspere very improperly did not say: - I hear them knocking nt my very ribs, A trying for to get un ontranco there (Shut up- ' Who's that kuocking at tho door?') A vacuum Nature hate-! This most one pains; I have an empty head and can't find brains. The ghost of Sherry-dan rises and Bny6, in a six botiio voice, \- Im-port them.' I flatter myself that wc are layther clever there; but don't put it into print, because it might bo tha la meilleure des re/ubliquts. You. twig. Michie, Mitchell and Sinnett,-not exactly the liest thing for tho publicans. There's a trans lation into /Je.-brete for yon, without a licence to draw beer, A'jit I clevor?" We pause for a time. A LUCKY EMIGRANT.-A letter has been received in Canterbury, from a citizen who has recently taken np his abode in Melbourne, in which KB gives tho following description of a public sale he nttended at that place. Thc writer states that a splendid luncheon was fur- nished with champagne nnd many other luxuries, at a great cost, for thocc who nttended tho sale; but tho most extraordinary part of tho cones Ímudenco remains to be told. The emigrant nl ttded to, who. left England about three years since, became tho purchaser of simo land nt Melbourne, consisting of nino acres. The ori- ginal purchase amounted to about £400, some jiortion of the land being sold to him nt ¿30 only jicr. aero. Tho produce of thc nine ucros at the sale referred to exceeded the enormons sum of ?C.12,000! Thc land was sold for building pur- poses.-Kentish Uazaltr, A COLD-BLOODEP ScOUKDHEL. - Brother Rogers, of tho Roger's Hotel was nearly becoming food for powder on Wednesday ovou ing last, near sundown, in tho manner now de- scribed:-Whilst employed examining the merits of. a dnck-gun, a . man stalked into, thc bar and called fur a glass of rum, but ns he appeared to have recently itnbibed to BJine extent John's r.onscipntiou ecruplcs stood in tho way of his ! profit, and the liquor was refused. Taming towards Mrs Burgess, tho fellow repeated his re- quest, and being a second timo denied, he com- menced using abusive cpithots, and was summa- rily shouldered out of tito door. Having com- pleted the process of ejectment, John stood in the doorrway scanning the beauties of a cloudless firmament, and pondering over tho vanity of "all I humon pursuits, when'his lot« guest took some-, 1 thing ont of his pocket, and'deliberately ainiinV at the proprietor of the Rogers* Hotel's nothcr\ ? man, fired at once. Bang went the' piece, up flew thc pebbles and Anti about his thins and off walked tho operator as coolly os if he hod just i done nothing particular. In a minute thc police i wcro nn tho spot, and tho delinqucnthaving been pointed out standing a short distance from the ' honsc, constable Gunn walked up to him, when Anding him ready prepared with pistol cocked and pointing towards him, he grappled his arm and in another second ho was disarmed, and marched off in the direction of tho watch-house. The remaining barrel of the pistol which _ was a donblo barrelled one, wini, upon examination, 1 fouud to bc loaded witb powder and ball, rammed nenrly to "the muzzle. The ruffian was brought up beforo thc Itcnch on Thursday, and after an investigation into the circumstance?, committed under tho name of John Balanc W^j are happy to state that, beyond some slight dis-, composure of his constitntionnl equanimity, which betrays itself in involuntary twitchiugs of an intermittent andanti-convcrtiblo-inro-picklcd pork-kind of character, brother John remains ns sound but not quite «o young es when "a two J rear old."- fimhurtt Ptcefrtss, fei. 25. . * BRADY'S LAST, OR IHE YANKEES ..OOTUONE.-A few evenings ago a band of veteran-bushmen aransed themselves and, their hearers in/a certain hostlery of thij town, by reciting their .' adventures by tVjod omi field,*' when at length the conversation turned upon wet weather.bogs and bogging. After a number of probable, improbable, and very unlikely stories had boen related,¡in which, but for thc* extraor- dinary nimbleness cf tho horses and agility of the me«, both men and horses must have been stroked into destruction, friend Bi adv Fq oared hts elbows, rubbed thc tobacco which ho hac\ just cut particulnriy fine, put his right foot for- ward, and after nu emphatic wink or two thus proceeded. " Now tliot vou've rll told your stories I'll tell you one. "ft'lien I was a small boy, some two and forty years ago, I happened to "walk one day iu tho bush during wet weather, and espying a hat upon a boggy part of the road. I lifted It up, when wluu do you suppose I found underneath? * A cabbage,'cried one; * a pump- kin,' shouted another] * a box of lucifer mutches,' pronounced a third. All wrong," remarked thc mipcrturbnbla Brady. .' It was a head with tho lKidy buded cbin'deep in the earth, whose mouth cried ont, 'for thc love of M ees don't come near me. Hero 1 nm, sitting on horse back, taking a las: peep nt the world out of a bog.' In a few seconds after the remorseless quagmire hud sucked up the rest, leaving a tuft of red hnir* standing ont of thu mud as the only visible relic of a tnnn, horse, sndJle, bridle, pair of spurs, check shirt, audaTcd uead uf hair."-liuUiurtt Free I'rr u. CAUTION TO UNQCAMPIED MEDICAL PRAC TiTiONEBS.-On Monday, Mr Wakley concluded nn Inquest on a child namci Castle, aged ten years, whose death was attributed to severe clia-tiscmcnt nt the hands of one i-f the teachers of the North Loudon British Schools, Calthorpe pince. Ifnppearcd that deceased, who lind pre- viously enjoyed the best health arid spirits, re- turned hoin« from school, complaionig of head- ache and sickne-s, which she said had resulted from her teacher, "Victoria," having struck her on tho head with a b ok. Sho became so ill that she had to remain nt home for a week, when she nguiu returned to school. But after thc lapse of two days shu wns unable to leave home, and her motlier applied to a neighbouring chemist, who prescribed for deceased. Deceased continued to get worse, when the mother, becoming alarmed, called in Mr Hutchinson, surgeon, who, upon his arrival, found it a hopeless case, as he was called in too late, mid deceased died from iuOammntion on thc binin. Mr Hutchinson, who made the autopsy, was unable positively to state the cause of that inflammation, which might havo been produced by violence mid many other causes. Although deceased frequently before death re- peated the accusation against her teacher, yet not a tittle of evidence was adduced to sustain even a charge of assault, nil thc children, that were exnmined having declared that they only saw thc teacher give deceased a slight slap with a catechism on thc side of the head. Thc Coroner, in slimming np, observed, thnt accord- ing to the evidence, there was not thc slightest charge of unnecessary violence towards thc de- ceased. He "considered that a chemist who undertook the responsibility of prescribing was guilty of n vory grave social ofFence. The jury returned tho following verdict: -"Deceased iliad from inflammation of the brain, pi od need by natural causes, and not violence."-DUpntelu 