LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. Inquest. — An inquest was held on Satur- day last at the house of Michael Cullen, George Town Road, before W. Gunn, Esq., to inquire into the cause of the death of Bridget Porter, a daughter of Cullen's. The evidence disclosed that on Wednesday last, while walking towards her father's house, deceased stumbled, fell on a bullock yoke which was in the way, and instantly expired. The jury re- turned a verdict of "Died from natural causes," with the addenda that death was ac- celerated by a fall. The deceased, who was only twenty-eight years old, was advanced in pregnancy. fl/uiumrnvEIT Com— The polioo have W; SaerasSfsrsraK sharp frost- during the pest ten days. On Monday it rained dnrinP^™brF-y- £?! torday, however, was ushered in with snnBhiny teSu, TO WoBK-OrveU, Wood, David Mairalfe Henry Bay, Alexander Stcpnenson, Srick^Xocorge Boyoe, William Clair, S Barlow, and^Villiim Robinson, arti dedleamcn on board the barque '? Sydney Griffiths,' were charged at the polioo office last week with refusing to work. It appears they had signed articles for the passage to Launeestonlt the rate of £1 per month, with the understanding that they snould be dis charged as soon as the vessel's cargo was out, but they contended thoy had no right to dis charge anything but cargo. The police ma strata read and explained to them the articles they had signed, and they then returned to their vessel, and promised to do their duty. Sufficient to make him a Boltee. — William Whatncll was brought before the police magistrate and Francis Evans, Esq., on Thursdaylast, charged with absconding from the custody of a constable named Head, while under sentence, and remaining at large until surrendering on the 3rd instant. Prisoner pleaded guilty, and in his defence stated that die constable and himself, while on the road to Launcoston, ealledin at the leveller's Best pubUc house, where they got drunk. Ihot on their arrival in town, the constable pro Sd they should go to the theatre— that ' went there — and when the performance concluded the constable said—' Now, you go your way, end I'll go mine.' The bench sentenced prisoner to nine months imprison ment with hard labour. The constable referred to has since been dismissed the police. Luke Davis.— This unfortunate man was fully committed to take his trial at the next sitting of the Supreme Court for the wilful murder of Ellen McCarthy. The committal took place at the police office on Monday last. Davis appeared to be suffering greatly from mental anxiety. A good bill of fare —There were thirty eight charges on the watch-house sheet on Monday last. The offences recorded were drunkenness, disturbing the peace, and mis conduct. MORTALITY. — Five hundred and five persons have died in the district of Launceston within the past twelve months. FIRE. — Between the hours of eleven and twelve o'clock on Sunday night last, the stables attached to the Sir George Arthur Inn, Sand Hill, were discovered on fire. The flames communicated with some hay, which was on the spot, and consumed about a ton of it, besides destroying a set of harness, and burning a horse to death. A man named John Hookey, in the service of Mr. Gaylor, the landlord of the house, was found outside the stable in a dreadful condition— being lite- rall burned all over. He was conveyed to the hospital, and expired in afew hours afterwards. The origin of the fire is attributed to Hookey smoking in the stable whilst intoxicated. SHEEPSTEALING.— On Monday week, fifty sheep, the property of the chief police magis trate were stolen from a paddock in Hobart Town. A man was seen driving the sheep from the paddock, but the persons who saw him so doing, did not imagine he was stealing them, and consequently did not interfere. Breach of the Act for Regulating Licensed Vehicles &c;— At the council chamber on Monday last, Henry Wells, the driver of the Dcloraine coach, appeared to answer a charge preferred against him by the town sergeant for a breach of the above act. Wells pleaded not guilty. To establish the charge, Duncan Robertson was sworn, and stated that on the 24th February last, he rode from the race-course to Launceston on the Deloraine coach, and that he gave Wells three shillings, in the shape of coach fare. This was the case for the prosecution. In answer to a question put by defendant to Robertson, 'whether he heard any fare demanded or not from any of the passengers?' Robertson re plied in the negative. Wells further pleaded ignorance of the law, and said there were two other stage coaches plying on the road on the day referred to, and he considered it unfair that he should be charged, and the proprietor of the other two vehicles should be allowed to escape. The Mayor said that the cabmen had been punished for a breach of the law, and they were entitled to protection from that law while they acted in conformity with its conditions. He considered the present case similar to a man taking out a licence as a wholesale spirit merchant, and then selling by retail. He did not wish to visit the pre sent cuso with the heaviest penalty, which was £10. He would fine defendant £l and costs. Defendant— 'I shall not pay one far thing of it.' Mayor — 'I shall order pay ment forthwith.' Defendant — 'You may do what you like— I shall not pay one farthing.' There being no more cases for disposal, the court closed. A Place. — Here is a pretty yonng emi grant, who yesterday signed articles to a genteel family. She had secured as her voca tion the door-Jttcll and message department; yet to-day she throws up her situation the moment she learns that the house is not near a thoroughfare, and particularly a road to the diggings (where she might be within eye range of diggers in quest of wives.) — West- earth's Victoria. Launceston Customs.— The following re turn, made up to April, 1864, somparcd with that of the corresponding quarter of 1853, shows o steady progress, und is highly satis factory :— liUiiuBi Quarter ending Quarter ending Duty on £ s. d. £ s. d. Spirits .. 943G 11 5 .. GOGO 2 1 Tobacco 2051 6 0.. 2051 10 4 Othergoods 6103 12 3 .. 4021 2 6 17,591 9 8.. 12,639 0 11 Duet. Wharfage 1000 17 10 . . 536 6 1 Tonnage.. .. 1 15 6 Light .. 488 0 6 .. 342 1 11 Total . . 19,080 8 0.. 13,519 4~fl Value of Imports.. 199,218 0 0.. 82,671 0 0 Exports.. 248,650 0 0.. 181,881 0 0 VcikIi. Voir. No Toirangt. Inwards .. 1853 .. 79 .. 13,257 ditto .. 1854 .. 91 .. 16,826 Outwards .. 1863 .. 90 .. 17,078 ?ditto ..,1854 ..104 .. 19,476 Oeblono Land Sales.— The following ore about the amounts realised by the Govern ment, at the Rolcshold in Geelone, on Tuesday and Wednesday last :— Town lands,*North and South Geelong ? £25,972 Country and special lots ? 30,098 '' ''''''* ??*'*'? £66/170 Postal— The River Mersey.— We be- lieve the Post-Master-Gencral is desirous, to the extent of his power, to provide for the ac- commodation of the public in the management of his department; and we trust, therefore, that the present great inconvenience to which the settlers about the River Forth are sub- jected, will not be unnecessarily continued; It appears that the mail, instead of being for- warded to the Township of Torquay on the River Mersey, is left at the second farm-house in the eastern suburbs, so that the Forth resi- dents have to send twenty-one miles for their postal communications. The greater portion of the inhabitants live on the opposite side of the Mersey to which the mail is sent, and it is not possible that it could be deposited any where more thoroughly inconvenient to the great majority. If Captain Smith will be so kind to make enquiry into this most just com- plaint, we are satisfied it will meet with his early attention, to effect the needful remedy. Electoral List. — The adjourned meeting, for the revision of the doctoral list, sat on Sa turday last. Present, the Mayor, Major Wel man, and J. C. Grcgson, Esq. Alterations were made in the orthography of some of the names, and the list was received. Accident in the Bay.— The Immigra tion Agent Drowned. — It is our painful duty to have to record the occurrence of a boat accident in the Bay, about a inile and a half from Sandridge, yesterday, whioh hns re sulted in the death of Mr. Samuel Barrow, the Immigration Agent, and the narrow es cape of some half a dozen other gentlemen, who proceeded to the beach to witness the de parture of his late Excellency Mr. La Trobe. 'hero ere several versions of the lamentable occurrence, but the following has been for warded to us from Sandridge, and is, no doubt, substantially correct : — It seems that the party referred to were in the boat of Dr. Wilkins, of tho Sanatory Department, and she was returning to put them ashore, when a sudden squall coming on, she was caught by it, cap sized, and all in her turned over into the sea. Mr. Cooper, the shipping reporter of the 'Argus,' luckily happening to be close by in the boat of his establishment, gave an instant ahum to another boat not far distant, and both proceeded to render every assist ance, when the following parties were taken on board, viz. : Lieutenant Harris, It. N., Messrs. Barrow, Blackwood (Manager of the Union Bank), Russell, Highctt, Patterson, and two seamen, one seaman being lost. They were immediately conveyed on board the Ja nettc, with the exception of Mr. Barrow, who being quite exhausted, was brought to Sand ridge, and promptly attended by l)ra. Wilkins and Plummer, whose utmost exertions to re restore animation were in vain, and his remains now lie at the Cbusan Hotel awaiting a coro ner's inquest, which will, of course, be held in the course of to-day. The Rev. Mr. O'Hca, a Roman Catholic clergyman, also said to have been in the boat, is also at the Hotel, and pro nounced out of danger. The other gentlemen are doing well. This mishap, as may naturally be expected, has created considerable sensation at Sandridge, especially as the deceased gen tleman was much esteemed by a very lurge circle of official and non-official friends. — M. St. Herald, 6th instant. (CJ'The Clarence— This unique little house of ammusement, is well attended nightly. The pieces prodnced are judiciously selected, and the performances arc worthy of the extended patronage they receive. Hamlet is announced lor this evening : ' Hamlet,' Mr. Arabia — Ghost, Mr. Banks. Mr. Savillc ap pears in the farce of ' Any tiling for a Change.' ttj* Professor Lees & Suns.— The over flowing house on Monday night to witness the unrivalled performances of Professor Less and Sons, and the continued applause of the audi ence, testified the height of approving estima tion in which they arc held. The detention of the steam ship ' Black Swan' till Thursday, by which Mr. Lees visits Melbourne, to fulfil an engagement, enables him to give a last per formance this evening. We recommend all persons fond of the marvellous, and who arc capable of duly appreciating the acme of an artist's exertions, to secure scats. As nothing approaching to the excellence of Mr. Lees performnnce has hitherto been witnessed in this colony, and probably never will again, the opportunity afforded this evening should not be lost. (t^ We are requested by Mr. Howe, to direct attention to his sale at the Victoria Mart, this day, of beautifully assorted Plated Ware, elegant Oil Paintings, &c.; ; and twenty shares in the Tamar Insurance Company, at 1 2 o'clock. ftj* Hollowai/'i Ointment and Pills, far the Cure of Wounds in the Leg. — Extract of a letter from Mrs. Simpson, of Bromley, near Leeds, dated October 16th, October. ' To Professor Holloway. — Sir, — 1 was afflicted for eighteen months with a very bad leg, in which there were thrccjdccp wounds. 1 tried all kinds of remedies, and was under the care of different surgeons here and at Leeds, but de rived no benefit from their treatment, I was at length advised to have recourse to your Oint ment and Pills, and am happy to s'ay that by the use of these valuable medicines my leg was completely cured, and is now as sound as ever it was.' 