ANSTISS. ROYAL ASSOCIATION FOR PROMOTION OF THE FINE ARTS IN SCOTLAND. (From the Edinburgh Advertiser.) THE annual general meeting of this association was held on Saturday af- among, July 22, in the Queen-street Hall, Edinburgh which was on the occasion filled by a numerous and brilliant assemblage of ladies and gentlemen. The prizes, including Mr. Face's beautiful drawings in illustration of the poem of "Tam o' Shanter," were display?-' behind and in front of the platform. The Dean of Faculty, who was unanimously called to the chair, returned thanks for the honour, and then opened the meeting in a brief and pertinent speech. Mr. Bell then read the report, which stated, among other things, that the committee have entered into an arrangement with Engleinn, f London, for the engraving on a large scale of Scott Lauder's painting of " Christ Teaching Humility;" which will be presented, in addition to the usual annual engravings, to subscribers for the next five years consecutively. Professor Blackie, in moving the adoption of the report, said, this association is the very thing Scotland required. I do not know who was the person out of whose brain it was projected. I think Mr. H. Glassford Bell was one who helped if not the Jupiter who produced the Pallas. Though, like all nations, We have, and are entitled to have a good opinion of ourselves, we need not pretend that we are an aesthetic or artistic nation We are conscientious, steady, energetic, shrewd, sensible, practical, utilitarian in no small degree, but no person pretends WE are an elegant or graceful nation. Our ancestors, busied with the serious operations of murdering archbishops, find no room in their minds to think of the more graceful occupations of painting a landscape. It is perfectly impossible for a nation to beat once sternly patriotic like a red-hot poker (slaughteryard under that inspiration to take up the painter's brush and flourish away at arabesques and these things (laughter). Now this is not nonsense, but truth. There was thus a want of individual impulse strong enough to support our artists, and this association was accordingly required. For look at our, churches, our schools, our colleges, and you will find the antithetical, the element of the graceful, the elegant, and the beautiful, I will not say almost, but altogether, neglected. You do not find the walls of our churches painted, as they ought to be in all reasonable propriety, with patriarchs and prophets. You find them cold and bare, with perhaps a creeping spider ora crawling cobweb walking over them. Now. this may seem amusement to you but to me it appears a melancholy fact. The religion of a country always is that which gives the highest inspira- tion to art. Unless you can conjoint art and religion, you will always get secular, another fore lower its place in the heart. Our great artist, George Harvey, has done something to redeem the rigidity, of the Presbyterian religion, and bring it back to art. But he is but one and has not the nation, as a nation, divorced art from religion? I say that is a master. tune, a great misfortune, whi> h should not have been allowed. The Covenanters did a good work, but one of its results have been that such an association as this had been required. Then. as to our schools and colleges, where do you find are Our youth are all taught Greek and Latin only, crammed with the vagaries of a dead language, as if the human soul could be nurtured on a Greek grammar. It is all very well to make scholars ¡ we ought to do so : but we ought, in the first place, to make men have a living sense for the true, the beautiful, and the good. (Applause). and this is not done by mere words. Excuse me speaking against Latin and Greek, perhaps I may be wrong ; but it is the great fashion to give the elements of learning, the shell, to everybody and the kernel to nobody. If we were to introduce music and drawing at our schools we would do a great deal for such an association as this, if our young men were brought up with the elements of the finer and more elegant emotions implanted in their hearts. Why have we no professors of painting and the fine arts, of architecture - In our colleges there is only one professor of music, and he, as we all know, finds it a difficult business to get his shop furnished. These are plain and manifest signs of the state of the nation. We are not an emotional, or artistic, or graceful people. We require our deficiencies in this respect to be supplemented, and this association does supplement them in the most noble way. Let people talk as they will about the virtues of the voluntary system, and the philosophy of individualism, it is perfectly plain that, though perhaps applicable to eating and drinking, which may be safely left to the impulse of an empty stomach (laughter), there are certain things which will not do under the voluntary system. Heather grows under on the voluntary system on the moors, but the exotic plants and fine tropical palms require botanic gard' ass and a special organization, Now, this association is an organization to get into our pockets, and this it does very efficiently, in behalf of art. What would become of all these pi' times but for this association. There is a gene, artistic, respectful, sweet, proper, compulsion used over our pockets. I repeat, the voluntary system may do for some churches, but the art is an exotic in Scotland, requiring to be supported by institutions of this kind. We are, therefore, under the highest obligations to those gentlemen who have started this association. Professor Blackie proceeded to allude to the report in detail, and concluded by saying, he had no doubt the institution would go on triumphantly in spite of the double income tax. the Cure, and that slow cumbrous ally, Austria, who was dragging down all our operations. And, perhaps, next year, though they might have again to count the loss of another 2 Is., the Czar, depend upon it, would have to count on . much larger deficit. The meeting shortly afterwards separated. HaOmtinatione of Great Men - spinster, who had painted his Rail of (he Andell, thoughts that he was haunted by the frightful devils which he had depicted. he was rendered all inkwells by Lilla h»llucii-niini> that be dear roy ed himself One of our OF II artists, who was much engaged in painting c»r)c«Uirn, became haunted by the slithered face he drew and the deep melancholy and terror which accompanied those apple, actions caused him to commit suicide. Muller, who executed the copper-plate of his Marine Missionary hill more lovely visions. Towards the close of his life, the Virjtfn *|»{Maved US him, and thanking him for the fireman he had: shown towards bet, invited him to allow her to seven. To achieve but, the artist as a ' near.''.' the «'«.."»» of life, oned beard his sublime cornpi.iiittoiii performed distinctly. It is Li in "a" Jo"*',n> said he spent the whole of one "well in recording his great love, from me which he saw I arrived. here, Romano, and Catholics climbing up, and struggling and thrilling. Goethe, when out riding one day was surprised to see an exact Image or Iii inset I on horses are, dresser i" " liuht-cnlnurvd coal, riding towards him.- Badchffi't Funds, Ghosts, and Sprites. 