GERMAN PROPHECIES ON THE STATE OF THE CHURCH. ( From the Dublin Review.) In the next passage we leave what the Indians call the Caliyuga, or present age of misery and perturbation, and soar with the prophet into those pure serene times, which will witness the com pjete and glorious triumph of Christ's Church upon earth, As these differeni epochs are not separated one from the other by any harsh disso nance : but the concluding tones of each gradually melt, and are confounded with the rising tones of the succeeding period ; so the conclusion of the fifth age will be marked by great conquests of the church. And of these conquests we think we already discern the beginning. 'The sixth period of the church — the status consolationis — begins with the Holy Pope and powerful Emperor, and terminates with the birth of Anti-christ. (Revelations, c. iii. v. 7 ' This will be an age of solace, wherein God will console His Church after the many mortifi cations and afflictions she had endured in the fifth period. ' For all nations will be brought to the unity of the true Catholic faith.' 'A type of this period was the sixth age of the old world, from the deliverance of the Israelites out of the Babylonish captivity, and the rebuilding of the city and of the temple of Jerusalem, down to the coming of Christ. As God gladdened His people by the rebuilding of the temple and of the Holy city ; as all kingdoms and nations were sub jected to the Roman empire ; and Caesar Augustus, the most powerful and excellent monarch, after vanquishing all his enemies, gave for fifty-six years, peace to tae world ; so will God pour out upon His Church, that witnessed in the fifth period nought but affliction, the most abundant consolations. But this happy age will be ushered in under the following circumstances. When all is desolated with war ; when the church and the priests must pay taxes ; when Catholics are oppressed by heretics, and their faithless fellow religionists ; when monarchs are murdered ; subjects oppressed ; when riches are extirpated ; when every thing concurs to bring about the estab lishment of Republics ; then will the hand of the Almighty produce a marvellous change, accord ing -to human notions seemingly impossible. For that strong monarch, whose name is to be (the help of God), will as the envoy of the Almighty, root up these Republics. He will subject all things to himself, and will zealously assist the true Church of Christ. All. heresies will be banished into Hell ; the Turkish empire will be overthrown to its foundations, and his dominion will extend from, east to west. All nations will come, and will worship the Lord in the one true Catholic Faith. Many righteous men will flourish, and many learned men will arise. Men will love justice and righteousness, and peace will dwell on the whole earth. For the Omnipotent will bind satan for many years, until the advent of him who is to come, — the son of perdition. ' In respect to perfection, this period cor responds to the sixth day of creation, on which God created man after His own image, and sub jected to him, as lord of creation, all creatures of the earth. So will man be now a true image of God, (in righteousness and holiness), and the strong monarch will rule over all nations. 'The sixth gift of the Spirit, the fear of the Lord, will in this period be poured out upon the church ; for men will fear the Lord their God, keep His commandments, and serve him with their whole heart. The scriptures will be un derstood after one uniform fashion, without con tradiction and error,so that all will marvel they had so long misunderstood the clear sense of holy writ. The sciences will be multiplied and completed, and men will receive extraordinary illumination in natural, as well as divine know ledge.' — Beykirch, p. '27-9. ' The tenth chapter of the Apocalypse comprises, according to Holzhauser, special revelations re specting the Mighty Monarch, and the Enlightened Pope, as we may reasonably assume, that God would not leave the world without some indication as to these great Renovators of an age apparently not very remote. ' And I saw, (so it is said, in the tenth chapter of Revelations, v. 1-7,) another mighty angel come down from : heaven; clothed with a cloud ; and a rainbow was on his headland his face was as the sun, and his feet as pillars of fire. And he. had, in his hand a little book open ; and he set his right foot upon the sea, and his left foot upon the earth ; and he cried with a loud voice, as when a lion roareth . . . . .And the angel whom I saw standing upon the sea and upon the earth, lifted up his hand, and swore by Him who created all things, that time shall be no longer ; but that the mystery of God shall be finished, as He.hath declared by His servants the prophets. ' This is the lofty description of that mighty monarch, sent by God. He is a mighty angel, for no one can resist him, the envoy of God. He will come down from heaven ; that is to say, he will be born in the bosom of the Catholic church. The cloud with which he is clothed, signifies humility, with which, from youth upward, and without any great parade, he walketh in the sim plicity of his heart. : The protection of God is also thereby indicated, that, on account of his humility, will encompass him. The rainbow about his head denotes, that he will bring peace to; the whole earth. The solar lustre of his brow signi fies the splendour of his glory, his honour,0 his holiness, his talents, so that all princes will fol low his example. The fiery pillars symbolize the vast extent of his power, and the fire of his re ligious zeal ....... ' The spread of the church over all countries will take place by the instrumentality of this strong monarch, and before the destruction of the world, Christianity will be preached to all nations of the earth : as this is foretold in Matthew, c. xxiv. v. 4 ; in Isaias, c. ii. v. 2 ; and in Micheas, c. iv. v. 2. To this wide diffusion of Christianity allusion is made, when John is obliged to measure the temple of God. (Apoc. 3. xi. v. 1.) ' And John saw one sitting upon a cloud, a son of man, with a golden crown upon his head, and a sharp sickle in his hand. (Apoc. xiv. 14.) This is the second vision respecting the mighty monarch ; the crown is that of the holy Roman empire ; the sickle in his hand, his unconquerable army, with which, without sustaining a defeat, he will vanquish all the enemies of God and His church. ' And another angel came out of the temple, crying with a loud voice to him that sat upon the cloud, * Thrust in thy sickle, and reap, because the hour is come to reap, for the harvest of the earth is ripe.' (Apoc. xiv. 15.) ' This angel of the Lord is that great and holy Pope, who, moved by God, will cry out of the sanctuary of the church to that mighty monarch, to root out the tares of wickedness, for the harvest is over-ripe ; the measure of sins and abomina tions is overflowing. Instructed by a divine revelation, the holy Pope will, by communicating the same, stir up the hearts of princes to a com~ mon war ; and God will touch the hearts of the soldiers, that, animated with one spirit, they all will adhere to the mighty monarch.' — Bey- kirch, pp. 30-2. These two images of a very saintly and divinely enlightened Pope, and of a very godly and puis sant emperor, form prominent objects in the pro phetic visions of divers holy seers, to whom the Almighty hath been pleased to reveal the future destinies of His Church. In one of his visions, which we passed over, Holzhauser saw two mighty thrones, whereon sat respectively the su preme representatives of the spiritual and tempo ral power, and which overshadowed the whole earth ; thus realizing, on a more gigantic scale, the mediseval theory of the papal umpirage and imperial advocacy. In this commentary on the Apocalypse, as we have seen, this idea is more fully developed. It is strikingly corroborated, in passages from other authorities, which we are now about to cite. The following prophecy by a brother John, who flourished about the year 1340, was copied from an old book at Leipzick, in the year 1498, by Maternus Hatten of Spires-: ' The tyrants and the hostile people will arise, and unexpectedly assail the, prelates and the ministers of the church, and rob them of all their temporal goods, their countships, their duchies, their territories, their cities, and revenues, and take possession of all their estates, and will ill treat them, and afflict them in divers ways ; and the clergy will not be able to withstand this treat ment. ' ' Then will all ministers of the church, of what ever rank they may be, be forced under penalties and scourges to return to an apostolic life. The Pope will change his seat, and will, with his dis ciples, consume the bread of grief in tears. What ever the church hath before suffered, will be ex ceeded by the coming afflictions. Fearful phenomena will be seen in the heavens ; the earth will quake.; the sea roar, and lift up its waves against the land. The air will become corrupt, and its natural breath be changed and perverted by pestilential diseases, because of the wickedness and abomination of men. Quickly will many, very many die. A famine will visit the west especially. Never will so many and such dread afflictions be heard of. The pomp of the groat will disappear ; the sciences and arts will fall into decay ; and for a time all priests will remain in a state of humiliation. . ' Yet, after so many afflictions, will a Pope be chosen whom the will of God nanies, and the angcis will crown this pious and perfect mail. He, by' his holiness, will remodel the world, and bring back all churchmen to the true way of living' characteristic of Christ's disciples, and they will be esteemed by all. because of their virtue and holiness. This Enlightened Pope will preach barefoot, and fear no power of princes ; he will bring all erring sheep back, and especially convert the Jews ; and there will be but one law, one faith, one baptism, owe life. All men will love each other and peace will endure for long years;' — Beykirch, pp 72-4. This brother John predicts, also, very many particulars respecting the Reformation and the Revolution, which literally came to pass. He and many others agree, in foretelling, that from the year 1490 to 1525, and from 1786 to 1 8.00, events 'would -occur which would have frightful wars', insurrections, and conspiracies, for their imme diate consequence ; but whose greatest- and most calamitous results would only later become manifest.. In striking coincidence with these predictions respecting the "holy Pope and the powerful monarch,' we may cite a passage from the pro phecies of the celebrated Father Ricci, general of the Jesuits, who died in 1773, in the odour of sanctity. ' That valiant duke,' he says, ' will exercise a fatal vengeance on all kings and princes who have betrayed their country. Woe to those who have made a prey of the kingdom of their forefathers, as well as of the Church. They must pay every thing back with double intesest. No safety will be in the house of those thieves. Inevitable punishment will pursue them ; for that very pow erful duke hath sworn an oath before the face of the Lord, not to sheathe his sword till he hath avenged his country a hundred-fold. The great Babylon will fall. Protestantism will be extirpated, and the Turkish empire will perish, and that great duke (1) will be the mightiest monarch on the whole earth. His sceptre will be that of Ma nasses; he will, in an assembly of men distin guished in the Church for their piety and wisdom, and with the aid of the holy Pope, introduce new laws and ordinances, and allay the spirit of anar chy, and restore our society, and call together its members from the most distant parts, in order to commence and educate a new age. Then will there be everywhere one flock and one shepherd, who will vouchsafe to the whole world and to all men of good-will, peace in the worship of the Lord our God.' — Beykirch, pp. 70, 71. In exact conformity with the above prediction, is the following passage extracted from an old book entitled, ' Life of Anti-christ, or a full detailed description of the future things of the world,' by Dionysius von Lützelburg, Capuchin. Frank fort, 1686. (2) The author thus prophesies of the Church : ' If the goodness of God hath ever stood by the Church in the moments of her deepest affliction ; if He hath ever rescued her out of all her dis tresses ; wherefore should He now leave her in such great misery until the end of the world ? ? Before the coming of Antichrist, He will bring His dear bride, the Church, out of all crosses and afflictions. He will stir up in her bosom a Christian potentate, who will perform marvellous deeds throughout dear Christendom. For He will impart to this prince such strength and power that not on!y by his authority will he bring back all erring souls to the true sheep fold, but by the force of his arms he will strike down the Turk, take from him Hungary, Greece, together with the imperial city, Constantinople, and reincorporate it with dear Christendom.' — Beykirch, p. 72. But this glorious state of things will not always endure. ' The seventh and last period of the Church— the status desolationis, state of desolation — dates from the birth of Anti-christ, and lasts till the end of the world. In this age the apostacy from the faith will be general, and then will time come . unto its end. To this period corresponds the seventh day of creation, when God concluded His work,, and celebrated the Sabbath. So will God now close the work of spiritual creation, and repose in eternity with His saints and His elect. The evils of this age will be lukewarmness in faith — coldness of love — perturbation of public order — folly on the. part of pastors and rulers, who will be like unto autumnal trees without fruits— wan- dering stars — and rainless clouds. This state of things is denoted' by the name of the seventh com munity, Laodicea, which signifies the spitting out ; for Christ the Lord will spit out His lukewarm Christendom, and deliver it over to the son of perdition;— Apoe. c. viiu, v. 14— 23. '—Beykirch, p. 33. Nothing can be more vivid than the portraiture which Holzhauser has traced of the times of Anti christ. The prophetic description which Daniel gave of King Antiochus, (c. xi ) is shown to 'have a more complete -fulfilment in the person of his anti- type— the son of perdition. His arrogance — his impiety— his lust — his savage persecution of the Christians, who can scarcely find a retreat in his universal empire, but must bury themselves in caverns and clefts of rocks — his prohibition of the eternal sacrifice— his lying wonders and in fernal devices, are : strikingly depicted. Equally so is the apparition of '' the two witnesses,' (3) Enoch and Elias; who at the close of ages will come to testify in behalf, of our Lord and God, Christ, against the arch-heresiarch, and final adversary of the Church. The one will, appear as the representative of the primitive world — the other as that of the Mosaic dispensation. Like St. John the Baptist, they will be clad in hair- cloth, and will traverse the world, preaching penance and the judgment to come to Jews and Heathens. Like Moses, they will smite a guilty world with plagues ; they will turn rivers into blood, and call down fire from heaven. By the power of their word, and their wondrous signs, these two Prophets will change the hearts of countless multitudes, and will put to shame the lying wonders of Anti-christ and his false magi- cians;' They will be put to death at last by the arch-seducer, who then will attain the acme of his triumph. But the resurrection of the two. Prophets from the- dead after three weeks and a half, will put an end to the orgies of the man of sin, and his infatuated hosts of followers. In his madness, Anti-christ will attempt from Mount Olivet, a mock ascension, to pluck down, as he will pretend, Enoch and Elias ; but after reaching a great height in the air, the arch-seducer will suddenly be precipitated to the earth and will be swallowed up alive into hell. Here, as we shall presently see, Holzhau- ser's prediction perfectly concurs with that of St. Hildegarde's, respecting the end of Anti-christ. After the death of Anti-christ, saith our seer, days, not years,, will be allotted for repentance to a guilty world. The general perturbation of na- ture — the roaring of the sea— the frightful meteors on the mountains — the darkening of the sun and moon — the dread and failing of the hearts of men because of the evils about to come upon them, as announced by our divine Lord, (Matthew c. xxiv. and Luke, c. xxi,) are brought out in awful colours. (4) But the blast of the archangel's trump will put an end to the agonies of the dying world. In a very remarkable passage, Holzhauser says, ' that Anti-christ will be born in a wilderness of a woman initiated in all diabolical arts, and who will live in fornication with Heathens and Jews.' How pregnant is each word in this passage ? This son of perdition is to be born in a wilderness. The ancient Egyptians, (5) as well as the Hebrews, looked on the desert as the natural resort of evil spirits. Throughout scripture we find them, when cast out of men, or driven forth from the abodes of the living, taking refuge in the dry and waterless place. The mother of this evil one, is to be initiated in all the arts of the devil. What more natural than that he who, more than any other mortal, will be endued with the power of infernal seduction — who will ply the arts of magic with more destructive potency than any other of God's enemies, should suck in the hellish craft with his mother's milk ? She will also fornicate with Jews and Heathens. This carnal intercourse is doubtless typical of that monstrous medley of Jewish rancour and heathenish depravity, which will characterize the life and doctrines of Anti- christ and his followers. A remarkable instance of such a combination has been witnessed in our times in the Pantheistic Jews of Berlin ; who form the most depraved section of the party, known by the name of "Young Germany," and are remarkable for their audacious impiety and cynical licentiousness, as well as virulent hostility to all the principles of domestic and social order. (6) The four great types of Anti-christ, as theolo- gians generally agree, are Antiochus, Nero, Simon Magus, and Mahomet. He will have, though in an intenser degree,, the pride and impiety of Antiochus, the cruelty of Nero, the magical potency of Simon Magus, and the seductive influence of Mahomet. He will, like the Syrian king, set up his idol in the temple of the living God ; like the Roman emperor, he will persecute the Saints of God, but like both his types, his persecution will not endure beyond three years and a half. He will seduce millions and millions, like the Arabian impostor ; and it is remarkable, that St. Hippolytus, four centuries before the rise of Mahomet, has, in a Treatise he composed on Anti-christ, sketched a character which resembles in a remarkable manner, the false prophet of Asia. Like that primitive here- siarch who first disturbed the early Church, he will display his magical devices and lying won- ders with a terrific power, 'that will shake even the hearts of the elect.' And, as we learn, from Eusebius, that Simon Magus, while astonishing the Roman people by his magical arts, and flying in the air was brought down to the earth by the prayers of St, Peter and St. Paul ; so St. Hilde- garde has predicted that the last heresiarch, the final adversary of the Church, will, while attempt- ing to imitate the ascension of our Lord, be dashed down to the earth and killed. (7) Let the 'reader compare with the above account the following revelation made to St. 'Hildegrade. and cited by Beykirch, (p. 61,) touching the end of Anti-christ. '' Lastly she says, 'Anti-christ will himself consummate the tragedy; for, in imitation of our Lord Jesus Christ, he will at tempt an ascension, and while he is lifted up to a great height, the charioteers of the air, at God's bidding, will be suddenly carried off, and will fall headlong to the ground, and give up the ghost.' We must add that, according to Holzhauser, Mahomedanism will become extinct, except in a small remnant of its professors, and that out of that remnant Anti-christ will be born. 1 Ricci foretells that he will 'spring of an old and illustrious German house. 2 Leben des Antichrist's oder gründliche, aus führliche Beschreibung von den zukünftigen Dingen der Welt, etc. Von Dionysius von Lüt- zelburg, Kapuciner. Frankfort, 1686. . 3 Apoc. c. xi.,v. 3. 4 This; passage of Holzhauser' s reminds us of that eloquent description, which in his ' Institu tions,' Lactantius has given of the world's last days. It has often struck us, how much more vivid a conception the primitive Fathers evince of the times of Antichrist, than later theologians and Christian writers. Was it that the afflicted condition of the Church in their own times, made them better apprehend the final persecution that should desolate her? Or was it that many pro phecies, and traditions on this matter were then rife among Christians, which have since faded away? 5 See Creuzer's Symbolik Egyptien, vol. i. . 6 These Jews are the disciples of the late Pro- fessor Hegel, of Berlin the author of the most Anti-christian philosophy that has ever been pro pounded. He taught that the essence of truth was in negation, and not in affirmation ; that it was in man only the Deity attained to self-con sciousness ; that the dogmas of religion were only the myths and symbols of truths, which phil osophy was to enunciate ; that the former was adapted only to the infancy of nations, but the latter was formed for their manhood ; that the Church, useful in her time, must now give way to the State, which is to assume all her functions. His opinions on the immortality of the soul he artfully concealed, and veiled his monstrous errors under the terms of Christian theology ; so that he deceived some sincere Protestants, and among others, the late King of Prussia, who was his great patron. A portion of his disciples, however, like Bruno Bauer, Feuerbach, Vischer, and Heine, tore off this disguise, openly denied the immor tality of the soul; preached up "the emancipation of the flesh," and the community of wives and goods. A friend of ours had once the misfortune of meeting the Jew Pantheist, Heine, at Paris, and he informed us that his conversation was filled with blasphemies, especially against our Lord Christ. The unfortunate man, however, has lived to repent of his errors ; and on the bed of sickness, has openly professed his belief in the existence of the Deity and the immortality of the soul, and expressed a sorrow for his impious writings. May the Almighty, in His infinite goodness, vouchsafe him still farther graces ! 7 Of Simon Magus; Calmet writes as follows: ' ' The sort of death which carried off Simon, won derfully confirms St. Paul's prediction. ' He dared to pretend that, like Christ, he could ascend into heaven as a Messiah and a Son of God.' He there fore used all the secrets of his art, and promised that in the sight of the Roman people he would be carried up into heaven. In truth, by the aid of the demons, he was 'borne upon a fiery chariot through the air ;' but at the prayer of St. Peter and Paul, who were 'then at Rome, he was preci pitated to the ground, and there lay with his broken thighs. 'Thence removed, he was shortly afterwards so agitated by grief and shame, that he threw himself from the top of a house where he was' detained. '—Calmet, Comment, lit. in Ep. P.aul; vol. iv., pp. 177 — 78. 