I THE IRVINGITES. i I 11 Y A N E Y E W I T X fE.« S . | I Ans tree days of Pentecost gone never to return ? Ilavemmaclcs ceased from amongst men r Cannot signs and wonders still be wrought by men filled with the Holy Ghost The larger part of the Christian Church answers this question in the negative. yet teaches that the miracles are dumb, that the needoffchem has passed away, that in the fulness of time the divine will was made known, and that the Church need not now the signs and wonders by which that revelation was attested and declared. A large body, however, has lately sprung up amongst us holding opposite views ; enter their churches, and, according to them, the gift of tongues still exists ; signs and wonders are still manifest, miracles are still wrought. Still, as much as in Apostolic times, does the divine affairs dwell in man, and the man he endured becomes a prophet, and declares the will of God in an unknown tongue. For some time past, a magnificent Gothic Cathedral has been in process of being built in Gordon-square. It stands where once stood Coward College, and is here still stands University Hall, a Unitarian College ; and not far from the University College, which a certain ex-Lord Chancellor took under his especial care. On Christmas day, it was thrown open for the performance of the worship of " The Holy Catholic Apostolic Church ;" a body, better perhaps, known to the community at large as Irvingites, or followers of Edward Irving. Originally, I believe, the sect sprung up in Scotland, and Edward Irving merely joined it, and the form of worship which now prevails was not fully established till after his death. After Irving left the Scotch Church the body took refuge in Newman street, where they have remained till the present magnificent place was opened. There are to be seven cathedrals in London, each cathedral is to have four places of worship attached to it and to each service in a cathedral appertain an evangelist, an apostle, a prophet, and an angel. The angel is the presiding spirit, an apostle seems to be what a bishop is in the English church. There is an apostle for England, another for France, another for America, and another for Germany. To every cathedral there are twenty-four priests. The angel is magnificently clad in purple, the sign of authority. The next order, the prophets, wear blue stoles, indicative of the skies whence they draw their inspiration. The evangelists wear red as a sign of their readiness to shed their blood in the cause. The cathedral is well attended ; upwards of a 1000 communicants are connected with it. Service takes place in it several times a day, and on the Sunday evening a sermon is preached, which is intended to enlighten and to win over such as are not connected with the church. Many distinguished persons are office-bearers in the church, such as Admiral Gambier, the Hon. Henry Parnell, J. P. Knight, R.A., Mr. Cooke, the barrister ; Major Macdonald ; while Lady Dawson, Lady Bateman, Lady Anderson, are amongst its members. Henry Drummond, the eccentric M.P. for East Surrey, has the credit of being connected with this place, but while it is true that he is an Irvingitc, it is not true that he is an office- bearer of the church. Those who join the church offer a tenth of their annual income towards its support, and this promise, it is believed, year after year is faithfully kept. The Cathedral itself is an evidence of the liberality of the people. Attached to the church is a small but very elegant chapel, which is to be used on rare occasions, and which was raised by the ladies, who contributed the munificent sum of £4000 in aid of the work. The chief beauty of the church, however, is the altar, which is carved out of all sorts of coloured marble, and is superbly decorated. The service-book put in your hands is called " The Liturgy and divine offices of the Church," but I do not learn from the members of the body that they think themselves exclusively the church, and that there is no salvation out of their pale. They merely profess to be one portion of the Church, to take within their comprehensive told members of all other churches, and tar. in a very considerable extent has been the case. The Irvingites have taken their converts not from the world, but the Church. They have made proselytes, not Christians ; the members of other churches have come over to them. In their ranks are many dissenters and church- men, and amongst their priests are many who have been clergymen in connection with the Dissenters or the Church of England. They profess to be above the common distinction by which sect is fenced off from sect Catholic and Protestant come alike to them. The Liturgy appears to be compiled from the rituals of the Greek," Anglican, and Roman churches, with a slight preponderance to the latter. The apostle of the Church is Mr. John Cardell, formerly a lawyer's clerk, but called to his present office, as he himself states, about twenty years ago, by the voice of pro- phecy. This call is acknowledged by the community. He rules the whole body with irresponsible authority. He is the final appeal. On his decision everything rests. He claims spiritual pre-eminence over not only the churches in his own communion, but over all the churches of all baptised Christians throughout the world, way, over all bishops, priests, and deacons, Anglican, Greek, or Roman, not excepting even the Pope himself. The Liturgy and Service Book is understood to be his compilation. He has also published a new work, entitled Readings upon the Liturgy, which is privately circulated, and is said by those who have seen it, to be an interesting and peculiar book, abounding in the interpreta- tions of the symbols and types of the Old Testament, and an ingenious endeavour to adapt them to the purposes of the Christian church at the present day. In the Liturgy, besides what is found in that of the English church, there are prayers for the dead, invocation of saints, transubstan nation, the authority of the church. The power of the priesthood, and the existence of actual living apostles to rule the church universal are acknowledged and enjoined. The chief minister of the church, or, as he is called, the" angel of bishops, is Mr. Christopher Heath, who, for many years, carried on business in the neighbourhood of the Seven Dials, and who for some time was extensively engaged in the bone trade. He was also called miraculously to his present post, which realises it is said, to him, some- where about fifteen hundred a year. The other ministers, of whom there are a vast number, are all well paid for their services, on an average much better than many London incumbents Several of them have been military men ; they are not formally educated for their work, but called to it. They are not man-made ministers-they claim a divine sanction and power. Nor are they taken from the well-educated classes. They assert that the spirit may qualify any man, no matter how humble his occultation or his birth. Some of them, I am told, have been tailors, tinkers, shoemakers, and barbers, but are now filled with divine light, and may do the signs and wonders done by the apostles in an earlier day. With apostolic pretensions, these men are careless of apostolic simplicity. They must meet, not in an upper room, but in a gorgeous cathedral ; they must array themselves in grotesque garments; they must have taper and incense, Roman Catholic forms and ceremonies One would have thought that the name of Edward Irving would have been" kept free from such things that his followers would have been above them that they would, as much as most, realise the spirituality of Him who dwells not in houses made with hands, and whose temple is the lowly and contrite heart. Genius like Irving's would have lent grandeur to a barn, and now the master is gone, and having no more an orator to enchant them, the church worships in fretted aisles treads mosaic pave- ments rejoices in fine music and elaborate ceremonial. Thus always is it when nature fails, men have recourse to art. We have no actors now, but instead, we have a stage splendidly decorated, regardless of expense. We put Shakspere on the stage in a way that would astonish Shakspere himself-but we have no Shakspere. Is not this a sign of weakness ? When a beauty betake herself to jewellery, and invests herself with borrowed graces, is it not a sign that Time is dealing in his old-fashioned cruel way with the rose upon her lip and the lustre in her eye, and is it not so with the Irvingitc Church ? Is not its pomp and splendour a sign that it is not so rich in apostolic gifts as it claims to be Paul, I think, would hardly feel himself at home in Gordon- square.- London Paper. ===__=__=______==============^ 