SLANG SYNONYMS.- Synonymous with a man are -a cove, a chap, a cull, an article, a codger, a buffer. A gentleman is a swell, a nob, a tip topper; a low person is a snob, a sweep, and a scurf, and in Scotland a gutter-blood. Thieves are prigs, cracksmenmouchers, gonophs, go- alongs. To steal is to prig, to pinlch, to collar, to nail, to grap, to nab, to shake, to bone. To go or run, is hook it, to bolt, to take tracks, to absquotulate, to step it, to cut, to mizzle, to cut your stick, to evaporate, to vamose, to be off, to vanish, and to tip your rags a gallop. For the verb to beat, I can at once find 14 synonyms- thus, to thrash, to lick, to leather, to hide, to tan, to larrup, to wallop, to pummel, to whack, to whop, to towel, to maul, to quilt, to pay. A horse is a nag, a prad, a tit, a screw. A donkey is a more, a nedy. A policeman is a peeler, a hobby, a crusher; a soldier, a swaddy, a lobster, a red-herring. To pawn is to spout, to pop, to lumber, to blue. The hands are mauleys, and the fingers flippers. The feet are steppers ; the boots crabshells, trotter-cases, or grabbers. Food is grub, prog, and crug. A hackney cab is a shoful, a Punch's show, a schwassle-box ; a five-pound note is a flimsy; a watch a ticker: anytlhing of good quality or character is stunning, ripping, out-and-out, a magistrate is a beak; and a footman a flunky. Not less can I set down as slang tie verbiage by which coats are transformed into bis-uniques, alpacas, vicunas, pouchos, anaxdrians, and siphonins. Young Lord Fitzurse speaks of him self and of his aristocratic companions as fellows' (very often pronounced 'fawows'); if he is going to drive a four-horse coach down to EpsomRaces, he is going to "tool his drag down to Derby; Lord Bobby Robbins's great coat, which headmires, is 'down the road.' An officer in the Tenth Hussars is a man in the Tenth; a petty young lady is a neat little filly; a vehixle winch is not a drag (or dwag) is a trap or a cask. His lordship's lodgings in Jermyn-street are his crib, his diggings, or he hangs out there; his father is his governor; his bill- discounter a dreadlful old screw if he refuse to do a 'bit of stiff' for him. When his friend has mortgaged his estate, he pronounces it to be dipped. Everythinig that pleases him, is 'crushing, by Jove!' everything that displeases him (from bad sherry to a writ from his tailor) is 'infernal.' And the Stage has its slang, both behlind and before the curtain: actors speak of such and such a farce as a screamer, and such and such a tragedy being 'damned' or 'goosed': if an actor forgets his part while on the stage, he is said to, 'stick' and to 'corpse' the actors who may be perforning withl him by putting them out in their parts. A 'past' has so many 'lengths;' a piece'will 'run' so many nights. Belville is going in the country to 'star' it; if no salaries are forthcominig on Saturday, the 'ghost doesn't walk.' A benefit is a 'ben'; a salarya 'sal;' an actor is not engaged to play tragedy or comedy, but to 'do the heavy business" Or 'second-low comedy' and when he is out of an engagement, he is said to be 'out of collar.' Thus through all grades and professions of life runs this omniprescient slang. 