SUPREME COURT. — NEW YORK. application for pivorce. . Nov. 1 — Mary Westerrhagen, by next friend, Herman C. Van Rest. v. M. A. Rudulph, Baron Westerrhagen alias Edward Weston. — This was an application for a divorce, and such other relief as the court might seem fit to grant, under the fol lowing circumstances : — The plaintiff, in her com plaint, states that she was formerly the wife of John S. Davis, to whom she was married in 1844, being then a widow, and that she has two children by her second husband (Davis) living under her charge, Mr. Davis died in London, in the year 1848, leaving a will by which it appears that after the payment of his debts there was a surplus amounting to £2,150 for the benefit of his widow and children. 1852 the plaintiff went to Australia in a Bremen vessel, taking with her her two children and a child of her former husband. On the passage to Sydney, where she intended to reside -for the remainder of' Iter lifej she became acquainted with the defendant, wh0 represented himself as Edward Max Alexander &udulph;, Baron Westerrhagen, of Mecklenberg, Germany, who was obliged to escape from Prussia consequence of political persecution. He re presented himself as noble by birth, and as holding large estates in Germany, and felt disappointed that he had no heir to whom to transmit his title and estates ; that the one would become extinct and the other fall to distant relatives. When the parties arrived at Sydney the defendant ' popped the question' and was accepted, and accordingly they were joined together in the bonds of holy wedlock, on the 6th January, 1853, They left Sydney soon after, but before their departure converted their property into bills of exchange, reserving about £150 in gold for the expenses of the voyage. It is also alleged that at the time of the marriage the defendant was asked if he had any acquaintances in Australia, and that he gave the same account of his pedigree and position. The new husband and wife set sail in the ship Rattler,, for Peru, on their way to the United States. On arriving at Callao, in Peru, they ascer tained that the fever was raging on the Isthmus, and they immediately took passage for Baltimore in the ship J. J. Cobb, where they arrived in October of the present year. The plaintiff alleges that in Callao her husband, (the Baron) took possession of her funds, for better security, and saying that he would deposit it with the British Consul. They bad not been long on their voyage from Callao when, it was alleged, ' a change came o'er the spirit' of the Baron's love, and he treated his too confiding wife and children with unkindness and severity. In Sydney the plaintiff explained to him that her money was left to her by her second husband's will for the benefit of her children. After their arrival at Baltimore the Baron left his spouse and did not return but converted her money into bills of exchange for 1,000 dols. each, drawn bj a bank in Baltimore on the Union Bank of N. Y., payable to the order of Schunemaker & Co., and endorsed by E. Weston t and thus provided, he came by railway to New -York, and converted the bills of exchange into cash. The plaintiff alleges that the defendant went away without her know ledge, and that before he left he sent her, enclosed in a letter, a draft for 1,000 dols., saying that before she received it he would be on his way to Europe to join the army of his native land, Prussia, and tel ling her to go with her children to England as soon as possible. The plaintiff swears that she has reason to believe that the baron has not left the State of Hew York, and as her marriage with the defendant was obtained by fraud, she prays that it may be annulled and declared void, and that the defendant be compelled to refund to her the money that he has obtained under the circumstances which she has alleged : and also, that he be en joined from collecting or controlling the money of her late husband, and that a receiver be appointed. Counsel for the defendant submitted that the plaintiff knew the defendant as Edward Weston when she married him, and that the defendant had no intention of deserting his wife, but had sent her ample means to rejoin him in England ; that under these circumstances she was not entitled to a divorce. Decision reserved. The History of China.-— The Two Brothers. By M. Raven. — Bentley , New Burlington- street. — The ' History of China ' (forming a volume of the ( Parlnnr Rnnk.nasp 'V bvnno-hfr. Hnwn f r» flio nroconf time, is a most useful and well-executed compilation in which the earlier annals, antiquities, systems of philosophy, and religion of that nation, are brought within a limited and rational space, being fully instructive, without oppressing by immensity of details ; while the more interesting features of the grand social revolution going forward there at this present day are drawn with an accuracy and conciseness the value of which will be fully appre ciated. The story of the 'Two Brothers' reads so much, in style, manner, treatment, and con struction, like a translation of one of Emilie Carln's or iViiss Bremer's works, that if it be really original (the whole plot, persons, story, and style being German), we cannot pay it any greater compliment. It is a most fascinating fiction, and delineates with graphic fidelity those phases of social life where the one worships, and becomes the victim of gen tility, and of high or first society ; and the other, in the enjoyment of a position that has no adventitious advantages to assert, stands forth a substantial contrast to pretence and ' keeping up appearances,' which is one of the pregnant and besetting sins of the day. The ' moral ' is cleverly elaborated, and the ' lesson ' is taught with a truth fullness calculated to do great social good. A tragical event took place a few evenings since, says Galignani, in the village of Labro (Aveyron.) A man, named Boisse, who had married a widow named Benoit, having four grown-up sons, a short time back absconded himself with some money belonging to his wife, and some clothes, the pro perty of the young men. These latter lodged a complaint against him, and a warrant was issued for his apprehension. Boisse, on learning what had been done, expressed great indignation, and was heard to swear that he would have revenge. On the evening of the day mentioned above, he suddenly entered the house where his wife and the young men resided, and cried out, " He whom you have informed against is here !" The wife and one of her sons were in the room, and they saw that Boisse was armed With two double barrelled pistols and a double-barrelled fowling-piece. Boisse fired one' barrel of the latter at his wife, and wounded her in the right hip; he then fired the other barrel at the young man, the whole charge passing through his right arm, and lodging in his side. The young man, though badly wounded, rushed on Boisse, and, after a struggle, succeeded in getting him down. But this latter, drawing out one of his pistols, fired it in the young man's face. The ball, turned aside by the jaw-bone; went round through the right side of the face, and lodged in the ear. The other young men, oh hearing the noise of the shots, rushed into the room, and, snatching down a gun, struck Boisse with it on the head, but the stock broke across with the 'blow. Another of the brothers then seized on the heavy kitchen poker, and with two blows of it split Boisse's skull open, and killed him. Notice was immediately sent to the nearest com missary of police, who found thut the three barrels of the pistols, remaining undischarged, were each loaded with a ball and a quantity of shot. Hopes are entertained of saving thd life of the young man w ho was twice wounded. The wound of the woman is but slight. Turkish Punishment of Conjugal Infidelity. — A Turkish woman was sacked and thrown into the Bosphorus this morning. I was idling away the day in the bazaar, and did not see her. The ward room steward of the United States, a verydntelligent man, who was at the pier when she was brought down to the caique, describes her as a young woman of twenty-two or three years, strikingly beautiful; and with the exception of a short, quick sob in her throat, as if she had wearied herself out with weeping, she was quite calm, and submitted composedly to her fate. She was led down by .two soldiers in her usual dress, her yashmack only torn from her face, and rowed off to the mouth of the bay, where the sack was drawn over her without resistance. , The plash "of her body in the sea was distinctly seen by the crowd who had followed her to the water. It is horrible to reflect on these summary executions, knowing, as we do, that the poor victim is taken before the judge on the least jealous whim of her husband or master, condemned often upon bare suspicion, and hurried instantly from the tribunal to this. violent and revolting death. Any suspicion of commerce with a Christian parti cularly is, with or without evidence, instant ruin. Not long ago, the inhabitants of Arnaoutkeni, a petty village on the Bosphorus, were shocked with the spectacle of a Turkish woman and a young Greek hanging dead from the shutters of a window on the water's side. He had been detected in , leaving her house at daybreak, and in less than an hour v the unfortunate lovers had met their fate. They are said to have died most heroically, embra cing and declaring their attachment to the last. Such tragedies occur every week or two iri Con stantinople, and it is not wonderful, considering the superiority of the educated and picturesque Gieek , to his brutal neighbour, or the daritig and romance of Europeans in the pursuit of forbidden happiness. The liberty of going or coming which the Turkish women enjoy, wrapt only in veils, which assist by their secrecy, is temptingly favourable to intrigue, and the self-sacrificing nature of the sex when the heart is concerned shows itself here in proportion to the demand for it. — Willis's Summer Cruise in the Mediterranean. The Turkish Army. — The total number of regiments comprised in the whole regular force is 74, of which 36 are infanfry and 24 cavalry. The gross strength of the effective force is 138,680 men, and that of the reserve 130,000. There are about 60,000 irregulars and there is a , nominal force of rather over 100,000 assigned as the contingencies of the tributary provinces, in all, half a million of men. — Ottoman Empire and its Resources. A Living Clergyman 106 " Years Old. — The Rev. G. Fletcher, who hasjust completed his 106th year, intends to preach a sermon in that greatly populated neighbourhood, Blue Anchor-alley, Bunhill- row, St. Luke's, to-morrow. Although of such an astonishing advanced age, his faculties are very good. For many years past he .has taken a lively interest in Sunday schools, especially in poor neighbourhoods in the metropolis, and by his per severing conduct for the last forty years, has had the pleasure of witnessing the great benefits derived from these most excellent institutions, not only in London, but in the country. The reverend gentle man's sermon to- morrow will take place at Hope Chapel, which is every Sabbath well attended by the labouring classes. It may be truly said that he certainly is the oldest clergyman now living. In a bookseller's catalogue lately appeared the t following article: — Memoirs of Charles the First— with a head capitally executed. . Romantic Marriage in America.-— On the last trip of the steamer ' Sonora,' one of those little episodes in life occurred which are beyond those ordinary transactions that make up the sum total of human existence; At an early hour, as we are informed, this fleet and noble steamer might have been seen nearing the town of Greenville. The anxious looks exchanged between many of her , passengers portending that there was something extraordinary about to occur. Was it a case of cholera ? or had some; one's pocket been picked? were the exclamations of those who saw, but did not comprehend the mystery. At length the matter was explained by the announcement that if there was a judge, justice, or parson on board, his services were required. Every one breathed easier, for now it was a clear case of matrimony, and. that, too, ' on the wing/ This important functionary was soon found in the person of Judge Barnett, who, being on his way to Greenville, upon being introduced to the couple, declared his readiness to solemnize the banns on the arrival of the steamer at that place. Everybody was happy, for a wedding is always a joyful event, whatever the consequences may be that result from it. In a few minutes the boat arrived, and, after she was fairly landed, the famous ' shepherd boy,' Thomas G. Foel, of Jeffer son, led forth from the 'ladies cabin the beautiful and accomplished Miss Lytlia Stinsen, of Evansville, attended by the charming Miss V., of New Orleans, and a gentleman from France, when his honour, in the presence of a hundred passengers, awed into speechless silence by this impressive i manner, pro ceeded in the ' beautiful formula' of judicial rite to make them one, and sealing their vows at his command, ' Salute the bride !' uttered with distinct and measured tones, the breathless stillness was broken by the simultaneous echoes from a hundred tongues, 'Long live in blissful happiness the wedded pair !' The steamer immediately unloosed her moorings, and Captain La Barge, with becoming liberality, had a feast prepared as was a feast, while a ' few' bottles of champagne suffered, and all went happy as a marriage bell. The- two who first met on deck as strangers left the same at the Crescent City linked in golden chains, to pursue one life and one pathway. May that life and path- way-' be to them ever unclouded ! — St. Louis Re publican. An Extraordinary' Voyager— A letter from Venice, 22nd, in the New Prussian Gazette, says : —'A young nobleniaii, M. Si— — , nephew of the Baronne de W , who by his Herculean strength and his acts of rashness, such as racing on horse back against u railway train, and swimming from this place to Mestre, carrying an open umbrella in his hand, has acquired a kind of renown, recently made a bet that he would perform the passage from Venice to Trieste alone, and standing on two planks four feet long by one foot wide and four inches thick, strongly attached to each other in the middle by an iron clasp, and with no other help than a pole. On Friday morning last, this gentleman made his appearance before the Prazetta on this raft of his invention, on which it was very difficult to stand upright and preserve an equilibrium. Scarcely had he passed the Lido than he was upset by a heavy- wave j he did not, however, lose his courage, but bringing his raft to the shore repaired it, and after placing on it a box containing some provisions, again started. After six hours' uninterrupted move ment of his arms, he was seen from the steeple of St. Mark's Church, at a short distance from Caorle, when he disappeared from 6ight. The Trieste Gazette adds that this extraordinary voyage was accomplished, and that M. S. arrived in that port safe and sound. The distance from Venice to Trieste is more than 70 English miles, allowing for the necessary deviation from the straight course.'. The Rise in Workmen's Wages. — On Saturday afternoon a meeting of the miners of Northumber land was held near Bedlington, with the object of asking for an advance of wages. The joiners of Sunderland and the tailors of Hartlepool have been out on the strike. The bricklayers of South Shields struck work for an advance last week, and so plentiful is employment that they were nearly all engaged to work in Sunderland at the advanced wages — 27s. per week. Workmen are now busily engaged in\ West minster Abbey in taking a plaster cast of the tomb of Mary Queen of Scots, to be placed among the statues at the new Crystal Palace at Sydenham. The Vegetable Clockwork op the Globe. — The length of the year is so determined as to be adapted to the constitntion of most vegetables ; or the construction of vegetables is so adjusted as to be suited to the length which the year really has, and unsuited to a duration longer or shorter by any considerable portion. The vegetable clock work is so set as to go for a year. The length of the year, or interval of recurrence of the seasons, is determined by the time which the earth employs in performing its revolution round the sun ; and we can very easily conceive the solar system so adjusted that the year should be longer or shorter than it actually is. We can imagine the earth to revolve round the sun at a distance greater or less than that which it at present has, all the forces of the system remaining unaltered. If the earth were removed towards the centre bv about one eighth of its distance, the year would be diminished by about a month ; and in the same manner it would be increased by a month on in creasing the distance by one-eighth. We can suppose the earth at a distance of eighty-four or one hundred and eight millions of miles, just as easily as at its present distance of ninety-six millions. We can suppose the earth 'with its present stock of animals and vegetables placed where Mars or where Venus is, and revolving in an orbit tlike one of ' theirs; on the former sup position, our year would become twenty-three, on the latter seven, of our present months. Or we can conceive the present distances of the parts of the system to continue what they, are, and the size, or the density of the central mass, the sun, to be increased or diminished in any pro portion, and in this way the time of the earth's revolution might have been increased or diminished in any degree — a greater velocity, and consequently a diminished period, being requisite, in order to balance an augmented central attraction. In any of these ways the length of the earth's natural year might have been different from what it now is ; in the last way, without any necessary i alteration, so far as we can see, of temperature. Now, if any change of this kind were to take place, the working of the botanical world would be thrown into utter disorder, the functions of plants would be entirely deranged, and the whole vegetable kingdom involved in instant decay and rapid extinction, — -Whewell's Bridgewater Treatise: Bohns Scientific Library. 'The Strength of Insects. — Should any of our readers be sceptical upon this point, perhaps the following illustrations' of superherculean strength with which the commonest insects are endowed, selected from curious sources, may prepare us to credit more especially the facts which we shall have to record in subsequent pages. The common flea, as every one knows, will, without much apparent effort, jump two hundred times its own length, and several grasshoppers and locusts are said to be able to perform leaps quite as wonderful. In the case of the insect they scarcely excite our notice ; but if a man were coolly to take a standing leap of three hundred and eighty odd yards, which would be an vequivalent exertion of muscular power, perhaps our admirers of athletic sports might be rather startled at such a performance. Again, for a man to run ten miles within the hour would be admitted to be a tolerably good display of pedestrianism ; but what are we to say to the little fly observed by Mr. Delisle, ' so minute as almost to be invisible,' which ran nearly six inches in a second, and in that space was calculated to have made one thousand and eighty steps? This, according to the calculation, of Kirby and Spence, is as if a man whose steps measured only two feet, should run at the incredible rate of twenty miles in a minute. Equally surprising are the instances of insect strength given by Mr. Newport. The "great stag beetle (Lucanus ccrvus), which tears off the bark from the roots and branches of trees, has been known to gnaw a hole, an inch in diameter, through the side of an iron canister in which it was confined, and on which the marks of its jaws toere distinctly visible, as proved by Mr. Stephens, who exhibited the canister at one of the meetings of the Entomological Society. The common beetle, Geotrupes stercorarius , can, without injury, support and even raise a very great weight, and make its way beneath almost any amount of pressure. In order to put the strength of this insect Atlas to the test, experiments have been made which prove that it is able to sustain and escape from beneath a load of from twenty to thirty ounces, a prodigious burden when it is remembered that the insect itself does not weigh as many grains; in fact, once more taking man as a standard of comparison, it is as though a person of ordinary size should raise and get from under a weight of between forty and' fifty tons. This amount of strength is not, however, confined to the short thick limbed beetles. Mr. Newport once fastened a small Carabus, — one ot the most active and elegantly formed of the beetle tribe, — which weighed only three grains and a half, by means of a silk thread, to a small piece ot paper, upon which the weight to be moved was placed. At a distance of ten inches from its load the insect was able to drag after it, up an inclined plane of twenty- five degrees, very nearly eigbty-five grains ; exclusive of the friction to be overcome in moving its load — as though a man was to drag up a hill of similar inclination, a waggon weighing two tons and a half, having first taken the wheels off. — - Jones's Natural History of Animal's. John Foster's Early Education. — When not 12 years old, he had (to use his own words), a 'painful sense of an awkward but entire indi viduality.' This was apparent in his manner and language. His observations on characters and events resembled those of a person arrived at maturity, and obtained for him from the neighbours the appellation of ' old fashioned.' ThougUtful and silent, he shunned the companionship of boys whose vivacity was merely physical, and uninspired by sentiment. His natural tendency to reserve was increased by the want of juvenile associates at home, — for his only brother, Thomas, was four years younger than himself, and they had no sisters. His parents, partly from the lateness of their marriage, had acquired too fixed a gravity to admit of that confiding inter course which is adopted to promote the healthy exehcise of the affections. Had a freer inter change of feeling existed, it might have rendered less intense (though it could not have removed), that constitutional pensiveness of Foster's mind, which at times induced a 'recoil from human beings into a cold interior retirement, where he felt as if ' dissociated from the whole creation.' But emotion and sentiment being thus repressed, bis . outward life was marked with a timidity that amounted to ' infinite shyness.' A very large pro- portion of his feelings were so much his own, that he either ' felt precisely that they could not be eommunicated-or he did not feel that they could, but ' not malicious.' His associations were intensely vivid — he had, for instance, an insuperable dislike to a book, during the reading cf which he had done anything that strongly excited self- reproach, or to whatever was connected with feelings of disgust and horror. For a number of years he would not sit on a stool which had belonged to a man who died in a sudden and strange way, and whose ghost was said to have appeared in a barn near his house. In short, his imagination was im perious and tyrannical, and would often haunt him with a scene of Indian tortures, or the idea of a skeleton meeting him each night in a room he had to pass through to bed. ' The time of going to bed was an awful season of each day.' He was excited to strong emotion by reading passages in favourite authors, such as 'Young's Night Thoughts.' Even single words (as chalcedony) or the names of ancient heroes, had a mighty fascination over him, simply from their sound, and other words from their meaning, as hermit. — Foster's Life and Cor -? respondence. A dramatic ' effect at the Edinburgh Theatre Royal has proved far too effective. A new kind of ' thunder' was tried one night ; a tremendous peal rolled from the end of the upper gallery ; the audience thought the building was fallen and began to rush to the doors. Fortunately, the manager and actors allayed their terror, before anybody was hurt. It is stated that a circular- letter, signed by the Inspector-General of Constabulary, has been recently promulgated, the object of which is to check emigration in the police-force. It sets forth that .retired policemen, representing themselves as' agricultural labourers, and thereby obtaining passages to Australia, will subject themselves to a penalty of £50. The alarming large number of resignations recently received from policemen who have emigrated, or intend immediately to set out, has induced the Inspector-General to adopt this course, for the purpose of preventing, as much as possible, further emigration. 