GOLD DISCOVERED AT DEMONDREL AND AT ILLA- LONG CREEK, WITHIN THREE MILES FROM THE TOWN OP RIN ALONG. Binalong, August 11, 1854. About a fortnight or so hack, information reached here, tbat gold had been discovered at Demondrel, a station belonging to Messrs. iso and Marsh, within two or three inches of the surfaoe. and the news was subsequncly confirmed by the exhibition of 11 or 12 dwts ot the precious meta>, in grams aoouc cue size oi oauuuge seed, and of that quality usually termed fine ; but the interest oreated by this discovery, in the minds of the good people of Bina long, who naturally rejoiced in the idea of having a gold-field, even at tbe distance of 25 miles from their homes, was wholly absorbed on Saturday last (5th instant) by tbe infinitely more exciting an nouncement tbat the " root of evil" had just made its appearance within three miles of their township ; not in that "questionable shape" assumed by the ghost of Hamlet, senior, but in the unmis- takeable one of nuggets. The gold was first discovered by a girl, aged from 11 to 12 years, the daughter of a person named Saun- derson, superintendent to Messrs. Patterson of Ulalong. It would appear that this girl impelled either by curiosity or by something that she had heard said, formed I he resolution of examining the bed of a.small.creek,Xeading into the main one at Ulalong, and her youthful efforts were so far successful as to put her in possession of several bits, of the. coveied metal, which she, attended by her mother, brought into town and exhibited to E. Beckham, Esq., Polioe Magistrate, and others ; the result has been, that on the following day the worthy magistrate, attended by a party of the most influential persons in the town, repaired to the spot indicated, -and, after going through the needful process of waihing half a dozen dishes of earth, succeeded in bringing to light a very re speotable specimen of the nugget family, varying in weight from half an ounce downwards, and amounting in all to about 40 dwts. — thus proving beyond the possibility of a doubt, the auriferous nature of the locality in question. As there are several expe rienced diggers in and about this town, little apprehension need be entertained, that the capabilities of these newly disoovered gold-Golds will escape a further and more vigorous test. And here it may: not. be amiss to add, for the information of persons connected by business or otherwise with this part of the interior, that its inhabitants have lately made an active movement towards setting their postal communication, extended to twice l a- week whioh will np doubt beattended with success.— Uouiourn Herald 