BRITISH; AT\rD FOREIGN GLEANINGS Gosi Correspondents.—When the Turks first advanced on Bucharest, they were acco m panied by three correspondents belonging to the London morning journals. Two of these were arrested by tbe Wallachian police, appa rently on a warrant from Omar Pasha. Th -y appealed to the authorities; an investigation was ordered; and it turned out that the indig nity had been put upon them by M. Rosetti, a Russian partisan, at tbe bead of the Walla chian police. Of course every apology was tendered for tbe •' mistake." A Russian Testimony.—As regards the handling of the ships, there obtains with the English a most admirable conduct. When Admiral Napier led bis ships into the waters of Baro Sound, the Wellington took the lead in this momentous movement, and tbe enemy's fleet anchored in the n:ost splendid order. Admiral Napier always keeps his steamers separate from his fleet, that tliey may explore the creeks and bays. The English ships make very little use of our buoys, for they do "not navigate the channels marked oat by our owu pilots. When they take a new channel, they I lay down new buoys for themselves, and they have had numbers cf-rocks, that indicate reefs 1 and sandbanks, painted. One may affirm positively that no pilot of ours would ever venture, on his own responsibility, to take deep-going ships along the courses that have been passed in the Sh'eeren by large English steamers, though it. must be admitted that they many a time grounded a little.—Marine Journal of £>t. Petersburg. , Russian Influence . in Peesla.—At ; the head of the Mohammedan clergy .'in Persia stands. is always a des cendant dftteskcrbd fatmly of law" of Mohammed. 'Before tlie last Persian war, Aga Mir Fatah was invested with this hereditary dignity, and resided at Tabreez When Paekiewifsch appeared before that place Agir Mir Fatah entered into negotiations foi \- ' "■ " "" , its surrender. Having thus incurred the en mity of the Shall, lie went to Tifiis, but a few years after he returned to Persia, a new Mus tahid having usurped his authority. In Ispa han lie was .p oisoned, from the effects of which, ; however, he recovered.' He drove away his enemv, and now resides at Tabreez, the Shah | not daring to oppose him. His eldest son, i Raiji Aga, lives on his father's estate* near TPifl;s;"hebvs "also" two'"younger sons there, j with five of his wives. He often visits his | family at Tifiis, and receives a pension of ! 20.10roubles frem the Russian Government. I The Eussiax Rrisoxeks.—The following, j from the London Examiner of November 9rh," gives au account of the appearance of the Rusiai prisoners arrived in England fr< m Bomarsund ".With respect to tiie physique of the captives, no one caa avoid p irceivmg ; in then the evidences of under feeling. The | officers are stoat-built, powerful men, hut the j s il iiers have > hat thin lathy appearance which is seen in the inmates of our workhouses and p isone, and which also may he observed in j one or two agricultural dis ricts where the wag js of labour reach the r minimum in this e ni i ry. There was not a single robnst-look i ig mm aim net tkam, and their hard, spare forms coi.'tiv.sted i-t'rmgly wiih tliose of our well fed sailors. There is also aa evident want of cleanliness among them. Making, Inwever, every allowance, the Russian soldier, in his long gray pepp i'-and salt greatcoat, with faded facings, and no brass ornaments of any kind, is a very dingy-looking fellow. This yreatco-it. reaching to the ankle, appears, imwever, a comsbrtable gsr neut, wrapping el iscr round the body than ia our service, and of the right clour for warfare. Their f irage cap also seems convenient, without bring friugly like that worn by err Foot Guards. The knapsack is of undr :sscd skin, apparently capable of holding very little, and held on the back hv br -ad cross-belts of black leather. The stripes indicating grades of rank or good conduct, instead of ti irig upon the arm, are on the lapel; the number of the regi ment is marked upon the band of the forage cap, but not in metal; and facings seem used as in other European services. One half of the prisoners belonged to a Russian corps, and wore red facings; the other were Finnish Chasseurs, and had blue facings. During the voyage they have held entirely aloof from each other—the Finlsnders disclaiming the idea of being considered Russians, and the Russians probably eqmlly jealous of being cor,founded with the Finlanders. Both, how ever, seem vastly inferior in physical strength, hi intelligence, ia smartness of discipline, in c! ailing, and in equipment, to the soldiers of Western Europe." The Russiax Army.— A new levy of recruits is about to b : ordered throng out the Russian empire. This will b: the fithh since the com meucement of the Oriental complications, and wiil iai-e the total amount drawn to about forty per 1000 souls. This shows the enor mous wear and tear of the army, and proves, besides, that the reserves are already exhausted. The loss from desertion is said to be euormous, nor is this confined to the common sol tiers merely. On the evacuation of Bucharest, more htan thirty o fillers exchanged their uniforms for civilians' clothing, and deserted from the army, Russia:* Amhitiox in the North.—From the- plans found at Bomarsund it is proved that these works were not more than the fifth part if She marine fortifications the Emperor of Russia had begun to erect on these is tends. Immense expense had already been incurred; the works were carried on with activity until the eminence merit of the pre sent war; and they would ia a few years have commanded another fortress as difficult of attack as Cronstadt or Sebastopol. Admiral Parsevai reports to the French Government that he had .since the seige carefully examined the outline cf these works, wh'ch were in tsnuc-d to make Bomarsund a military position of great importance; and he adds, that "the geographical position of Aland, with its mag nifieei-'t port, rendered more valuable by th ; difficulty of access to it, must have suggested to the Einpeior of Russta.la va-t naval estab lishment commanding the two Gill's of Both nia and cf Finland, threatening Sweden i and the whole Bdtic, an! possessing acl 1 vantages far superior to those of Swoa b'.rg." But for the successful attack on I Bomarsund, it is probable that this deliberate intention of the Russian Government would j only have b.eome known to her nearest neigh bours when it was too late to prevent the evil, for the s trie'est measures were taken to prc , vent even the Swedes fiom approaching the I works, which in a few years would have com l manded their capital. Nothing can more ,-forcibly demonstrate the artful seevesy and | incessant activity with which the policy of Russia has been stealing onwards both in the i north and in the east, until she should be able i to convert, both the Baltic and the Black .Sea j brio Ru 'siaii takes, commanded by her for- j ' tresses and occupied by her fleets; and the { capture of Bomarsund is a most useful and glorious achievement, not only from the ex- : perier.ee it has given us of our own f rce, as ; opposed to that of the enemy, bat also from the additional insight we have acquired into I 1 lus schemes, winch furnish additional proofs that to limit the growing power of Russia was : ' indispensable to the security and independence of Europe.—Times. Great Fire at Sr. Petersburg.—Two ter rible conflagrations broke out at fit. Petersburg on the 2t»rh August. One occurred near the Ismniloffsky Barracks, where upwards of SO —some say 200— houses, and property to the extent cf nearly 500,000 silver roubles, are supposed to be destroyed, partly insured. The other was on the Goutoneff Island, where the quantity of properiy destroyed is large, but in value small, being principally hones, intended for shipment abroad. Expedition agaaxst Serastgiml.—What ever may be the causes which have somewhat retarded that expedition, they are wholly in j dependent of any diplomatic motive or inten tion, and will hereafter be found to arise exclusively from circums'ances of military administration and military precautions. It is obvious that every man in that mighty bust, fr< ui the commanders-in-chief down to the drummer-hoys, must have been eager and im patient to engage in this great enterprise, and to escape from a position in which the army was depressed by inactivity and afflicted with disease. But those on whom the chief re sponsibility of directing the movements and operatious of such a force rested, doubtless felt that success mainly depended on the complete efficiency of the whole expedition. They are about to invade a country scarcely known even to our travellers. They will have to encounter an enemy whose strength is very imperfectly ascertained, and whose military capacity must ' not entirely hi judged of by his recent disas , ters. They l ave to cross a considerable por I tion of a hazardous sea, in numbers far exceeding the most numerous maritime j expedition ever attempted before, for ! we apprehend that from 60,000 to 70,000 .men will almost simultaneously embark, with artillery, cavalry, stores, and food, ready for the field, Tbey have then to defeat an army, and to take one of the strongest mari time fortresses in the world. We are well aware of the tremendous magnitude of such an undertaking, which we have the ra< re earnestl y recommended because we think it an exploit worthy of the alliance of the two greatest nations against a third-which is their rival in military, power. But when we leara, as we trust we shall soon learn, that this pro digious' experiment has been su?ce=r;riiUy begun, and. may be carried ere long to a tai umphant termination—that the blow which the enemy diets, most reason to .dread has beep stmck, and that $be.; natural obstacles," -which are the . chief "defences. of his territories, lafe overcome^the period of time . which bis ap; rred- to -be spent "in tedious" inactivity will remembered chiefly for the preparations made in it, and the. world will find that England was not, as the Bylin courtiers sup pose, about to renounce an exploit so glorious to her arms,, but . that,-in "'close: and .active alliance with her comrade in war, she had collected all her energies to render this com bined attack of the Western Powers irre sistible.—Times. The Ten-inch (ton at Bomaesund.—In the several interesting narratives of the late events whieh have been published, frequent allusion is made to that remarkable innova tion, the ten-inch gnu, and "the fatal effect with Whieh it was plied against the large and priu cipal 'fort at Bomarsund. The subjoined special narrative is understood to proceed from the pen of Lieut. Close, of Cheltenham, who assisted Gaptain Pelham on the memorable occasion:— " The effect from the fire of this gun, which was nearer to the fort than any of our ships, was tremendous, and right well did the enemy return it with Shrapnel shells and shot, but the walls were too thick and the sh-lter too well construe ed for the enemy to damage the little crew of English sailors, al though Sir C. Napier and all the .fleet thought they must cert airily be cut to pieces. Trees all around their little bitter y were mown down like grass, granite rocks flew into a thousand pieces, and the ground and. dust were continually thrown up into the air around us by the Russian shot—and yet all escaped. At C p.m. (Tuesday), the firing ceased on both sides, as if by mutual consent; feeling that all had had enough of powder and shot for the day. Wednesday, at daylight, the ten-inch gun opened the action. This day was to have been the grand attack and bombardment, by sea and land, but the Free el) general's breaching battery not being ready, he requested the affair to be put off; so the ships, which were moving in a line of battle, were anchored again, leaving the tea ineli gnu alone tc stand too fire of fourteen cans. Fur hoars the Russians threw a per fect shower of shells, till the English crew could hardly get at their gun to load it. It was a terrible sight from the fleet, and all thought that nothing could save the crew from being cut to pieces, so that Sir Charles Napier sent in six steamers to draw off their murderous fire. The enemy (luring the night had got two more guns into position (out of windows) to bear on our one-gun battery, but it was no use. The Russians fought hard and well, but nothing could stand the precision of the 10 inch gun, with its S4 lb. shell. The firiug was the admiration of the whole fleet, the shells continually bursting in the entrance of the embrasures, blowing it into a perfect wreck, and occasionally bung thrown into the interior, and preventing the enemy from work ing their mortars. Soon after noou the 11 ig of truce was shown by the Russians, out of ihe only sound embrasure left to oppose the little battery, clearly showing that they surrendered to the sea front—i. e., the 10 inch gmi and steamers; in fact, beyond a few French field pieces, nothiug was playing oil Fort Bomar sund from the laud side but the Blenheim's 10 inch gun; indeed, many of the chiefs in the fleet go so far as to say that Bomarsund surrendered to this little one-gun battery, which the incessant fire of 14 guns could not silence." The Aenauts.—The Arnauts are admi rably armed and accoutred for hand-to hand fighting. In the first place thev are lightly clothed and carry no baggage Their side-arms and ail that they carr y about them are supported by a sash or broad leather waist belt. A long flint musket, of good workman ship and extensive range, with a thin iron butt curved to fit the shoulder, and without bayonet, is slung over the shoulders in ciosc action. Their other weapons are a pair of fluit-loek pistols of large bore, the "hands char" slightly curved, some 2£ feet in length, with the inner edge sharpened like a razor* and the yatagan ; ail of excellent workman' ship, and, iu the hands of the>e desperadoes, deadly instruments. The other irregulars, as' well as the Arn.auts, are generally armed more or less iu like fashion, but their firearms are usually inferior to those of the Arnaut. The quality of the Aruaut's weapons is fully matched by his skill in using ihem in cWe lighting. He is an excellent shot, and, like f;:e Circassians and other tribes who have to provide their own ammunition a id fit it to tiia various calibre ofitheir arms, be is very sparine iii bis use of it. He reserves his fire tiil the critical moment, and then his aim is deadly. He is not less dangerous with the cold steel, both edge and poiut—sprinting like a tiger on the enemy who advances over ciiteh or breast work. It is on tke-e occasions when the heavily-loaded soldier, trained and accoutred mainly for infantry lire, is clambering over obstacles and meets with a resistance whieh hardly allows him to use his bayonet, that his inferiority to such an enemy become appa rent.—Letter from a German ( ijjicer at Sllislrid Electee? 1'elegeaph for the Ariiy. — Tne Electric. Telegraph Company have lately sunplied theGovernroent with a very complete and portable set of electric telegraph appa ratus, adapted for use in the field, to accom pany the munitions sent cut to the East, where.it will doubtless prove a valuable aux iliary to the service. It consists of two wag gons, each containing a complete set of instruments, batteries, and telegraphic appa satus, and a sufficient supply ofiusulated wire, to establish at a moment's notice a telegraphic communication to a distance of 10 or 12 miles either on laud or under water. Each waggon ■ is intended to be drawn by six horses, and to be accompanied by a staff of mounted oiiicers : and men, and sappers and miners are now < being educated fortbat duty at the company's j central station, at Lothbury, and have already acquired great proficiency in the use of! the signal instruments. The appliances for laying out the wire over irregular ground, aud 1 through marshes and rivers,are very ingeuious, aud ihe instruments are so thoroughly port able that after being shifted from place to place they can be fixed in workmg order, in a few seconds. For communications by day and night, between distant points, such*as the banks of a r ver, a distant outpost, or battery in enfrcnchme its, between vessels at sea, and especially between the fleet aiid the shore, th:s novel auxiliary will doubtless prove of the highest utility.—Times. Austrian " Voluntary'1 Loans.—The Vi enna correspondence of tha Oslsee Ziitimg contains the following document relative to the new Austrian loan:—"Sir—1 have noticed with extreme displeasure that the Jews of Pesth have not yet given evidence of that patriotic feefing for which I had given them credit. Whereas, in consequence cf the most high appeal of His Imperial Royal Apostolic Majesty, no one—I say, not one single sub ject—dare now-a-days evade his duty to his sovereign, you are hereby requested to sum mon eveiy Jewish inhabitant of Pesth before you, when yon shall urge upon him the duty of voluntarily subscribing, 'and give me the names of those who should behave in a luke warm manner, or even presume to avoid all participation in the loan. Expecting -to re ceive this very day your reply, together with a list of the subscriptions ma e, as well as of those indifferent patriots who refuse to sub scribe, I am, &c.;, Baron of Augusz, Imp.-1 Royal Vice-President. Buda Pestli, July 29, i 1854.—J. A. Beskowitz, Mayor of the Jewish Community of Pesth.". The Mayor reluctantly issued the following circularFa n in duty bound to communicate the above high rescript to the respectable Jewish- community of .-this place, remarking at the same time, that I should deeply regret being under the necessity which my duty would impose upon me of marking downthe names of* those who should refuse to subscribe at all. or to do so for 'an aniotint jluly_.prflporti.oned: to Rbeir _mfcaus. ^nbsctiptibBs reeSvedAffliitiiiSaasih anstafltilailyj-tc-, _ $r~ *:J|^.Wi^N.pKGEEAT BEritkiN.^Tfceceii. iu Gr^tjBnfaiha^lso l54®y#25^iHstefl5between 20 anli 4Q,*%rid -1;'ofithe; "same age;InMifi list of oecttgitioiis of women there are 88 18 editors or-puhlic writers, 643 danseuses, I6-equestrians. Of the female domestics no less than 675,311 are entered nnder the denomination .of ■'' general servants." Of the higher class of s rvants, the housemaids are more numerous than the cooks, the former being 55,935, a d the latter ! only 48,806, and there are above 50,000 " housekeepers," and nearly 40,000 nurses. The charwomen are no less- than 55,423 in number. Proportion op Deaf and Dumb Persons' m Different Countries.—The propoi-tion of I deaf and dumb iu Ireland being 1 in 1 593, is ' greater than that of Luxemburg, Wurtem burg, Tuscany, Bavaria, Belgium, and Hol land. in-which the average is 1 in 2,209; and i less than in Sardinia, Norway, and parts of Switzerland, where the average is 1 iu 642. In some of the Swiss cantons th: ratio is as high as 1 in 206—i.e., about seven times as great as in Ireland.—Medical Times and Ga- \ zette. . How to take Cronstadt—A correspon dent of an evening paper suggests the use of ] the galvanic battery in the taking of Cron stadt, as follows:—"I would respectively submit that an experiment be tried ou Cron stadt as a first essay, 4 000 or 5,900 tons of gunpowder being put on hoard as many vessels as'woull carry that quantity. The ves sels should be sent, with a favourable wind or tide, close up under the walls of Cronstadt, the i galvanic apparatus being in each vessel, and j the operator at a respectful distance from his \ mines (the vessels.) Let him make the con- j nection of the galvanic wires good, and ex plode the mass. Nothing human could witb; stand the shock within three or four miles of j the position. The effect would certainly he terrific. I should thiuk it would distui-b the J status quo of Cronstadt, and dispel any pleasing dreams of the Czar in St. Petersburg, respect- 1 ing the impregnability of bis fortress ; for if it j did not shake the place to its centre, it would render it easy to carry it by a coupe di main j before the garrison, if it survived, could re cover its self- possess! m." Bibles for the Belligerents.—Thousands of Bibles and New Testaments, in the various languages spoken by all the belligerent armies engaged in this great war, are already on the way to Constantinople. Among the rest there are coming some thousands of New Tes taments in the Russian language, for those j who may be brought here, in tiie chances of war. as captives. The British and Foreign Bible Society is devising noble things to meet the exigencies of our times, and of this par ticular field ; and, in the providence of God, an auxiliary to that society has been formed at Constantinople since the Russian invasion took place, and constitutes an efficient agency in the very field. Colp rteurs are already dili gently employed, and at least two more are expected from England to aid in the work. While, then, the haugbtv Nicholas ou the one hand,and his intended victim and the defenders of right on the other, are making ready for their great battles, an evangelical and soul-saving influence is concentrating in this empire, sucU as many centuries past have not witnessed Whatever may be the political results of the war now began, there is abundant reason to believe it will do more to break down the j highest and strongest religious barriers exist ing in this country than all that ins yet been done. The f >ct now f >rced upon the cnnvic ; tion of Mu-sulmans, that the question of par titioning this country has been repeatedly considered by the Kings and Cabinets of j Europe, and that their very exi-fence as a nation now depends on f.ireigo armies and subsides, the fiiendlv interposition of Iv.ig'and and France to defend them, and tbe contact of C'hris'ian and Mussu'man armies, will all tend to break down old prejuliees, and throw open the way f >r fundamental reforms. We know, too, that tbe Allies will claim such re forms as the most acceptable reward f .r their services. Reform mu-t curie.—Letter of Mr. Benjamin, hi American Missionary i'eral-1. Convocation at R-oie.—A Convocation of Bishops is to take place at Rome in Novemle-, at which each Catholic country will be represented, invitations having been sent to two or three prelates of even- nation in union with the Church of Rome. A universal jubilee is likewise announced for October or November, to obtain peace between Christian princes; the calming down of the spirit cf revolt and sedition; the removal of the visita tions of cholera and famine; and the enlLht ment of the Holy Ghost on the Pope in the dogmatic decision as to the immaculate con ception—oil which last point the Convocation of Bishops above-mentioned will promulgate the belief of the Church. Foreign Episcopal Sees.—Aceordinr to some statistics condensed from a recent com mission in France on ihe sul j ct of episcopal sees, it appears that France has a bishop or archbishop for every 400,000 souls: Bavaria, 375,000; Austria, 35S 000 ; Sweden. 239,000; Spaiu, 203.000; Pmtogai. 113.000; Sardinian Sates, 110.000; the Two Sicilies, 106,000; Free Greece, 41,500. The Lake of Zurich.—The Swiss jo-ima's give the following details relative t > the ob jects recently discovered by the extraordinary fall in the water iu the Lake of Zurich:—" At about 100 feet from the right bank of the lake, opposite to the village Mellon, there have been found several rows cf piles formed of trunks of trees. The piles are about a foot, apart, with an interval of 16 feet between tbe rows. These piles support enormous beams, which form a very large area.' Between the piles there have been found tbe skeletons of animals which are no longer to be seen in Switzerland, but no trace of any domestic animals. On removing the mud there have been found an immense number of heads of arrows and spears made of stone, earefu'ly cut and very pointed; poignards made of flint, with buck-horn handles; a battle-axe in stone, clay vases, evidently formed by the hand, without the aid of any instrument, and after wards baked iu an oven, anl several other articles in st me and baked clay. A human scull has been also found. These remains, which are considered to have belonged to the ancient Celt, are now under examination by a .commission of antiquarians." The Russian- Lyre (? Liar).—After tlis passage of the Danube a war song was distri buted to the regimental bands, and ordered ti be learned by tbe choristers, so that it might be sung to and by the men as a stimulus to exertion. A Berlin morning journal give3 tbe following prose version of this war canticle:— Life is alone valuable to him v.-ho fears not death! Orthodox Russian warriors slay without counting their foes! Whether ye he French, Englishmen, or stupid Turks— infidels—we challenge you to battle! You thirst for the blood of orthodox believers! God will chastise you through us. Protectors of heathens, eternal shame and disgrace lay on you ! For the Czar of Russia we are prepared to die! Valour is horn with us; we neither fear battle nor death ! The brave are pleasing to God ; they find their boon in heaven !" 