DISTRICT OF WEST TORRENS.—RE SIGNATION OF MR. HARE. Thursday evening, 26 th ultimo, at the Fon-fc Inn, Gay road, being the time and place fixed at the former meeting to receive Mr. Hare's proffered resignation and explanations, the attendance was a much larger than at the previous meeting, which took place on the afternoon of a Saturday. In addition to the resi dent electors there were in attendance several gentle men from town, who hold property in West Torrens. and are qualified electors. There was also a consi derable number of persons present for tbe purpose of witnessing a proceeding in which considerable amuse ment was expected, as it had been reported for some days that a few of Mr. Hare's adherents were re solved to meet with at least equal acrimony the accusations of his accusers, who were principally, if j not entirely, men who had actively exerted them selves to secure his return. Shortly after 6 o'clock Mr. Hare arrived and proceeded at once to the large room, where he was immediately followed by the assemblage. After a pause, Mr. Hare said—Gentlemen, you are evidently awaie of the object of this meeting ; but as the chairman who presided on a former occasion is not present, may I suggest the propriety of your nomi nating a person to act as~chairman. Mr. Head moved, aud Mr. Good seconded, that Mr. Cooler do take the chair. Mr. Cooter begged to decline, and confessed his uufitness, but af er some delay and much solicita tion, he was induced to act. He opened the special business of the evening by reading the advertisement which embodied Mr. Hare's statement of his inten tiou to the electors of West Torrens in the following words:—" To resign my trust into your hands, to afford you any explanation in my power, and to give you the opportunity of blaming me if you will for my past conduct as your representative." i Mr. Hare had anticipated from the Chairman some j introductory observations—(Oh ! oh!)—hut they had I not been favoured with any such remarks, as to the object of the meeting and the most expedient method of carrying it out. He thought the duty of the Chairman was to lay down some general rules for the guidance of the meeting. (Oh ! oh 1) He was uot in a position to dictate to the meeting, but he thought the order of business should be for such as were disposed to ask him questions ; or perhaps it w mid be better for him to give a general outline of the statements he made and the principles he avowed when he solicited their suffrages; then they could, by comparing his words with his deeds, his professions as a candidate with his conduct as a representative, arrive at a fair conclu sion as to how he had performed his promises, and deserved their confidence. If the meeting had other views, of course he must bow to it and follow any course it determined ou (After a pause)—As he heard no dissent from the plan he proposed, he would proceed in accordance with it, unless interrupted hv the Chairman. In the first place, he would call at tention to the fact that he had, as a candidate, sub mitted a general plan of action, such as he thought should guide an efficient popular representative. (Hear, hear.) He had spoken strongly and perti nently on toe necessity for a great educational scheme. He dwelt 011 the importance of opening up the navigation of the Murray, lie insisted on the people's right to vote by ballot—(hear, hear, and groans)—and the still more obvious right to universal suffrage. (Oil, oh and disapprobation.) He sp-ke j of the duly of Government to open up the country ! by a judicious and libera1 expenditure of inaney, bor- ! rowed in the best and cheapest market in the world. ! He dwelt ou the advantages that must result from opening up great trunk-lines of communication throughout the province. He argued that agriculture was more important and essential to the advance ment of the colony than sheep-farming, inasmuch as each acre so employed was worth at least £3 per an num, while 3s. was the highest estimate that could be made of the va ne of land employed for pastoraL purposes, titill, he admitted that sheep-farmiii°p must precede cultivation ; the squatter must be the pioneer in the grand march of colonial progress; then follows the farmer; and, in order to facilitate the work of civilization, ample means of communication must he supplied between the rich and productive lands of the interior and the Port. He spoke also of the importance and value of a plan whereby the mineral lands might be made available to persons of limited means. He could not at that moment call to mind any other important measure that he insisted on, excepttiie great —perhaps the greatest of all—that of freeing religion from the trammels ol -State interference, andplaciu^it upon the same free foundation it was built ou by its Divine introducer to tuc world, lie now asked the meeting to contrast his couiluct with the professions he had recapitulated, and say had he not carried out as far as possible every principle lie laid down, and redeemed to the best oi his ab;ii,y every promise he made as a candidate'? (" No, no," " Yes, yes," aud confusion.) He observed a gentleman shaking his head—he presumed in the negative. (Laughter.) lie saw another gentleman laugh, but that gentleman, Mr. D. Fisher, was not an elector of West Torrens and had no right io (Roars of laughter.) Mr. L). Fisher protested he had not said or done anything to merit such a personal attack, and must appeal to the Chairman to keep Mr. Hare in order. A voice—Oh ! he thinks he's amongst his convicts. (Laughter aud confusion.) Mr. Hare proceeded to compare his conduct with his professions—In the matter of education, the Go vernment brought in a Bill shortly after the election which embraced every principle he beiieved essential —every regulation he thought important. He felt great regret that he had not framed that Bill, but he had, however, prepared a Bill to tiie best of his ability, when one fine morning a policeman came to him with a uote from the Governor—(or the Government— the reporter di.t not catch the word distinctly) saying, as your measure has not been tabled, and the session is drawing to a close, the accompanying Bill is similar in its principles to those you have avowed in your public statements—will you support it? He was proud to say he d.d support that mea sure. He was also proud to have it in his power to say that, through its operation, there would not be a man iu the next generation who could not read his Bible, and who would not love his neighbour as him self. A Voice—" Nonsense!" (Boars of laughter.) He admitted that he did not know how to carry out his views with regard to the mineral leases, but iu ' conjunction with the hou. member for the Burra, or without him (he forgot at the momeut), he (Mr. Hare) submitted certain principles embodied iii reso lutions to the House. The Government, however, took the matter up, and did far belter with it; for while they carried out the principle intact, they more judiciously adapted the details. In consequence of! that measure, when a man discovers unsold mineral land, he has only, in the Spanish phrase, to denounce it to the Government, to obtain a icase of it at 10s. per acre. Just, however, as people were about to develop their discoveries of copper, &c.;, the gold fields were fuuud, aud their attractions were so great as to set aside not only all other mining operations, but almost every other industrial pursuit. His expe rience in the United States convinced him of the wisdom of a young country borrowing the super fluous capital of au older state, for the purpose of | developing rich but latent sources of wealth. That was not like incurring a national debt in the old or 1 ordinary seuse. In the one case the borrowed i capital was expended—thrown away in warlike demonstrations, and the debt remained a burden. But he recommended the investment of money bor rowed ou easy terms iu reproductive works, which j would every year increase in value to posterity. Supposing a railway to be constructed by borrowed money, why, the enhauced value of the land through which it would pass would more than equal the out lay, while every year, its value; as a means of inter course, would increase. He was one, perhaps the only one of the candidates, who advocated the opening of the Murray. His scheme, indeed, was different, and -perhaps more expensive, than that which had been since so successfully carried out. He proposed a railway to the Thirty-nine Sections, and then steam navigation from that point up the river and its tri butaries. That would require a far greater outlay than the present system, but its returns would be, in his opinion, more immediate, certain, and permanent. Every acre of good land on that extensive line would be available, while the price of carriage now, equal i to 2s. fid. per bushel for wheat, would be at th ; rote of fid. per bushel, as it was a few years ago, which would be a vast advantage to the agricultural inte rest. Although his scheme was not adopted, he rejoiced, nevertheless, that the Murray navigation i was a fact accomplished, a work in everyday opera tion. He rejoiced to think that the Governor was a ' man who could carry out a statesman-like project in the face of opposition; and it was a source of great gratificationto him (Mr. Hare) to find the Governor on one occasion using language that looked almost a quotation from one of his (Mr. Hare's) speeches. (Shouts of laughter, during which Mr. Hare said, " Laugh, gentlemen; it is my object to amuse you if I eau." When order was restored he continued.) He took more than ordinary interest in the settlement of " the grant in aid ef religion " ques - tion, and had assisted, he hoped, to lay the ghost effectually. He earnestly hoped that there would be no future attempt to fix that obnoxious system oil this colony, and that religion will remain as at pre seut a matter between man and his Maker, not in terfered in by the political Government of the country. He had thus, he thought, given a sufficient outline of his services in Council to enable the electors to say, had he, as a representative, acted np to the principles he enunciate I when a candidate? He felt certain that some persons present would refer particularly to the new Constitution Act, and he would reserve what he had to say on that subject until his reply to those persons. Mr. Reynolds called the Chairman's attention to the fact that the first and principal obj -ct of the meeting had been passed over by Mr. Hare. He said his object in calling them together was to re sign, but he had not resigned. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Hare—Oh dear me! Well, I have great plea sure in doing so now. (Turning to the Chairman, he said emphatically) Sir, from this moment I am no longer member for West Torrens. 1 resign my seat; I res'ore the trust you placed in me. Mr. Reynolds —There is a certain courtesy due to I the electors, and although his words do not couvey contempt, Mr. Hare's manner is contemptuous and j unbecoming. 1 Mr. Hare (rudely)—Well, Sir, I do treat you with contempt. Mr. Reynolds—The insult sits lightly on me, for I have not deserved it. I, however, feel a greater contempt for you, Mr Hare, and you mast feel that, for you know you deserve it, as a traitor to your constituents. (Cheers.) I maintain I was quite cor rect in pointing out a deviation from the order of business, as set forth by Mr. Hare himself. Mr. Hare—Well, we have reversed it. Mr. Reynolds" went on to say, that he had certain points upon which he shoiild like to make a few re marks, but as he was not a supporter of Mr. Hare he would wait to see if any sucu would touch upon them. Mr. Goode was happy to see suoh a large meeting; he was also happy to hear the resignation of thei late member, who had just vacated a post that he only obtained by sailing under false colours. ■ Mr. Hare called on the Chairman to protect him from such insults. Mr. Goode requested Mr. Hare to be calm and suppress, if possidie, his exciteability. He had, at great length, given himself a good character, and should have the decency to allow an elector to ex press an opinion on his conduct. He repeated, that Mr. Hare obtained his seat under false colours. The lately lion, gentleman, if such a person could be so called Mr. Hare—Oh, call me dishonourable if you please. Ha ! ha ! Mr. Goode—Calm yourself, Mr. Hare. I assure the meeting that 1 made considerable exertion and lost a good deal of time to secure the return of that person, and have now to deelare that the pledges given by him were not redeemed. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Creo le went on to refer to an election meeting of Mr. ! Hare's appointment, where he neglected to attend by j arrangement, but where he was accidentally present, j and state! that he had greater inducements to con- I test the election for Mount Barker than West Tor rens. He was requested to leave the room, and after the meeting deliberated was called in and t dd he might proceed to Mount Barker as soon as he pleased, in fact, the eieeturs supported Mr. Hare, not because they liked him well, but that they liked the other candidates still less. (Laughter.) The ouiy time lie acted to their satisfaction was at the Southern Cross, where lie said he would surrender in favour of Mr. Fisher, but expressed bis opinion that that gentlemen would have no chance, owing to the side he took with regard to State ail to religion. It was that which induced them to support him, and every day since they saw cause to regret it. Not a single act of his in the House was consistent with his promises. He always dwelt oil the evil of a consti tuency sending in a man to help the Government. (Mr. Hare—"That's false.") Well trace his whole career; it was one of uudisserabled toadyism from first to last. His whole object seemed to be to earn an appointment, and a very suitable one he got at last; much good may it do him. (Roirs of Laughter.) What was the pledge he gave to the hon. Mr. B igot with regard to the nominee question ? How did he vote on that subject, and did he not grossly violate his pledge ? Let Mr. Hare answer that without evasion. He threw himself into the arms of Govern ment ; he supported nomineeism, as he would have supported anything else to serve his purpose. He earned and obtained a place, and the contempt of the people he betrayed, as well as of those who rewarded bis treason. (Hear, hear, and cheers.) But lec jus tice be done to the appointment. His Excellency's choice, no matter what it originated iu, was most judi cious, for were they to search through all the Southern States of America tliey could not find a more efficient slave-driver. (Roars of laughter, cheers, and hisses.) One poor fellow in custody recently, whose nauie is Reuben Lewis, was complained ot to Mr. Hare, who sent for him to his offiee, locked tke door, took off his coat, and said, " Now, Sir, if you don't apologise, I shall kill you or you shall kill me." There was prison discipline for them. (Laughter.) He (Mr. Goode) was nearly as many years in the colony as Mr. Hare, but he was content to remain an honest hard working man. He had no ambition to solicit the suffrages or betray the confidence of the people, but he would scorn to descend to the level of a man like the prisoner he referred to, and offer to fight him with closed doors. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Sergeant said he was not in the least deceived by the course pursued by Mr. Hare; at the same time he saw no good in disturbing the peace and quiet of the district at present by a fresh election. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Reynolds said as Mr. Hare had challenged the meeting to prove that he had not kept his pledges, he (Mr. Reynolds) thought he could point out several cases iu which he had uot only not re deemed his pledges, but actually voted in opposition to them. (Ilea-, hear.) Mr. Hare set out with parading certain principles enunciated by him while a candidate, and afterwards attempted to show that his conduct was consistent with those declarations. Among other matters, he said he was from the first the friend .of universal suffrage; he did not, how ever, touch on that subject when recounting his j votes, and the omission was at least judicious, for i he voted against it. (Hear, hear.) When Mr. King ston brought iu his motion to confer the franchise on persons who had resided twelve months in a district, Mr. Hare opposed it. (Mr. Hare—" Yes, j and would do so again."—Groans) Again, he gave prominence to the question of the ballot in his open ing recapitulation of what he had said to the electors, hut with admirable discretion he avoided all reference to that point when detailing what ha actually did in : the House. (Hear, hear.) And why? Because, gentlemen, in defiance of his pledge, and ill violation of his professed principles, he voted against the I ballot (Groans ) There was auother point referred J to in the first part of Mr. Hare's speech, which re-j tnained unnoticed in the second part, probably ! because he felt he could not on that subject either | come off with flying colours; and so, like other incou ♦venient questions, he burked it. He said he would not have nomineeism at any price, (dear.) Well, -gentlemen, he has consented to nomineeism; and at what price ? (Laughter, cheers, and confusion) At a meeting at Tiieoirton he said they must con sent to a nominated Upper House to gain the control of the land fund and other advantages offered by the Bill. He said if nomineeism was not agreed to, the Government would withdraw the Bill. From liis intimacy with members of the Government, particu larly the Advocate-General, it is probable Mr. Hare was well acquainted with their intentions. But he did more than that, he read the despatches to the meeting, put the Government construction on them, and so lent himself to the official deception, and misled his constituents. (Hear, hear, and cheers.) During the discussions on the Bill, Mr. Hare went over, heart and soul, to the Government. The few instances of opposition got up were too transparent to impose on any one. In the face of his pledge, and in total disregard of his professions, when Mr. Dutton introduced his motion for an elective Upper House, Mr. Hare voted for nomineeism. (Hear, hear, and groans.) When it was thought the member for Mount Barker would be called ou to re sign for voting in opposition to the wishes of his con-, stitoents, Mr. Hare said a member should not be bound to rote as his constituents'wisbed; he should 1 be allowed to act according- to Jthe dictates of -his j matured judgment. (A laugh.) c Would they have ' elected Mr. Hare on suchah uhdersfcanding? (No, no.) Bat, gentlemen, since-Mr. Hare-came into contact with official reaisbners, he invariably : voted according to their views, or, as he perhaps would prefer expressing it, in accordance with his more matured jadgment. (Laughter.) Then, again, this popular candidate—this advocate of universal suf frage and vote by ballot, expressed a fear that the people were not fit to exercise the degree of liberty conferred by the new Constitution.. (Groans.) Again, - he talked of the advantages of good roads; yet one of | his last acts was an attempt to destroy the elective principle in the coustitution of the Central Board,. and place the construction of it—bolus bolus—in the hands of that Government of which he had become so completely enamoured. (Laughter.) Mr. Hare had, indeed, to some extent, opposed the civil list; but that most monstrous feature,'the compensation for risk, was carried by the G >vernment officers inte rested ; and, mark you! carried with the assistance of Mr. Hare. (Groans, and " That's untrue" from Mr. Hare.) Mr. Keynolds.—I have it Mr. Hare.—L assure you it was not; therefore don't run your head against a post. (A laugh.) I endeavoured to reduce the amount to two years' salary, and at every stage opposed the amount of j four years' salary. Mr. Bray—But you supported the principle. Mr. Hare—I did. May I ask if you are an elector of West Torreas ? Mr. Bray—I am Indeed, and almost regret the fact, as I voted for you. (' ■aughter, and cheers.) Mr. Reynolds—Well, then, our iate member would give compensation equal to three years' salary for the mere risk ! Why. no honest representative could consent to such a disposition of the people's money. (Cheers.) He had no hesitation in saying that was one of the grossest cases of misconduct of which Mr. Hare was guilty. (Hear, hear.) Then Mr. Hare was opposed to the people's having an opportunity to express an opinion on the new Parliament Bill. He opposed an adjournment for two months; and he opposed a dissolution of the Council; in fact, he op posed everything that the people desired or tiie Go vernment dreaded. (Cheers.) With regard to the proposed dissolution, that the people might express, through an election, their sentiments as to the cou stitution of the Upper House, he (Mr. Reynolds) met Mr. Hare on the day the motion was to be decided, aud asked hiin if he would vote for a dissolution of Council ? He said " Most decidedly." The meeting might judge how astounded he was to find by the papers next day that he voted with the Government against the motion. (Groans.) Then, again, as weil became a popular mem ber, aud a friend of the people's safeguard—the neswpapers, he not only supported but seconded the motion of that would-be despot, the Registrar General, in his aboriive attempt to gag tiie press. (Hear, hear.) They next had him obliging the Government by seconding Mr. Fisher's motion, urging the Secretary of State to push forward the abominable Parliament Act and Civil List Bill, with out regard t-6 the measures adopted by the other j colonies. Now, gentlemen (said Mr. Reynolds), 1 think I have shown a few instances where Mr. Hare violated his pledges and abandoned his principles. (Cheers.) id e clearly and unmistakably turned round on the questions of universal suffrage and vote by ballot, and he most unworthily assisted to vote a large amount of the people's money into the pockets of men who may never lose their situations. He certainly endeavoured to reduce the gratuities of some of the officers, but he moved for a large increase to the Governor's salary, aud for those services he was made a Railway Undertaker and Superintendent of Convicts. (Hear, hear, cheers and hisses.) A Mr. Head got up and read a passage from a report in the Observer of the meeting at the Norfolk Ai ms, on the subject of the Nominee Upper House, and proceeded to make some remarks on it. He, how ever, so completely inisundei stood the sense of the passage that he only excited a burst of laughter, in which Mr. Hare, whom he wished to support, heartily joined. Mr. MeCarron said there was scarcely any one present who felt more hurt at Mr. Hare's conduct than he did. Mr. MeCarron went on to remark on the exertions he made to secure the return of Mr. Hare, but was nearly inaudible from the cries of " Lie down, turncoat," aud the coufusiou that pre vailed wbi.e he attempted to address the meeting. Mr. Gurr felt considerable surprise to find that Mr. Hare's former supporters were his fiercest opponents. He could scarcely think their motives were pure, because he was satisfied that an animosity was ex pressed by Messrs. Goode and. MeCarron against him before the Council met, and consequently before his parliamentary career could have offended them. ( Hear, hear.) He had heard that Mr. Goode expressed as strong opinions against Mr. Hare before he took his seat in Couneil as had fallen from him (Mr. Goode) that evening. It was clear, therefore, that something more than Mr. Hare's conduct as a representative infl ienced abis oppasitiou What it was he (Mr. Gurr) could not say, but he had heard that there was a small matter of £15 between them. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) Mr. MeCarron expressed regret also at having so successfully exerted himse.f to procure the return of Air. Hare. Now he (Mr. Gurr) was neither the eulogist nor the apologistof Mr. Hare; he never supported him; but could say that Mr. MeCarron was the pledged supporter of Mr. Davis. (Hear, hear.) His house was the head-quarters of | that gentleman's committee, and by far tue largest fltg they had was displayed by means of a hole which be allowed to be made in the roof of his house. (Hear, hear.) Furthermore, he (Mr. Gurr) took a great number of votes ou the polling day, and meeting Mr. MeCarron—whom he did not recollect seeing vote—asked him if he had voted; he sai.l, " Yes; for Davis." Mr. Davis was informed of that fact, aud actually shook hands with Air. AlcCarron as a supporter; when, in the evening, that person took one of their horses, galloped to town, and, at the central poiiing-place, voted for Air. Hare. (Groans.) Now, he would ask the meeting, would they consent to be led to any expression of opinion by such a man? (No, no.) He (Air. Gurr) did not come to that meeting to speak for Mr. Hare, for J he bad aiways regarded him as a man past finding out—(a laugh)—but he declared himself an advo cate of popular principles, and some of the measures of the Council which he at least assisted to pass were undoubtedly of a beneficial tendency. He was unwilling^to forget his services in the matters of mi neral leases and the Bullion Bill. The colony was immediately and extensively benefited by the Latter, and many a poor man may be greatly benefited here after by the former measure. (Hear, hear.) He therefore proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Hare for his services as their representative. Mr. Head seconded. Mr. Goode, before that question is put, would call attention to a serious matter. Mr. A. H. Davis had asserted, at a public meeting, that Air. Hare offered to sell the distrxt of West Tenons. He (Mr. Goode) questioned Mr. Hare on the subject in that room, bat could not elicit an answer, and the question had not been answered yet. (Contusion.) Air. Hare liked specific charges, for they admitted of specific answers. He denied that such a ques-, tion. or anything approaching to it, had ever been put to him. Air. Goode had put the question in that room, and sitting at that table. The public prints bad recorded it. Mr, Hare cared not for any record. (A. laugh.) Mr. Goode had opposed him to the best of Ins j ability, but it was like pouring water on a duck's back: the process migbt tire the hand but could not drown the duck. It reminded him of a circumstance he onee saw in Baltimore. A nigger was pouring water on a duck; he said, " Pompey, what are you up to?" "Oh, Massa," says he, "I'm going to drown this duck ' Au Elector—This is miserable stuff. We did not come here to hear nooseuse about ducks and niggers. (Cheers.) Mr. Hare—Well, what was the secret of all that pungent abuse from Mr. Goode ? They might recol lect that Mr. Gwynne introduced during that ses sion, and just at its close, a Bill concocted solely for the benefit of the publicans, to the detriment of the community. Among other liberal provisions il sought to restrict the sale of ginger-beer aud other uniutoxicating driuks to that trade only. He cer tainly thought if there had been time, a judi cious amendment of the law might have been effected, bat there was not time to. do so, and it was best for th9 public interest to throw out the Bill, and lie did throw it out. Mr. Goode was, with other publicans, in the galleiy, aud he heard him " snigger," to use an Americanism, and say, " The1 Member for West Torrens is as badas the rest, but we'llgive: it to liim." that,.: -qud -gadliess - -ffim&tf-4o;^Mft>Hflynolds'«:^« marks^as more worthy of' notice. He -had long re spected that gentleman, andtrusted that nothing in poli tie^fife'vreuld -occur to mar the kindly feelings that had existed between ;them for years. He had to thank Mr.'Reynolds at the; Jast; election, for that, although supporting his opponent, he didso in all courtesy; and inevery way becoming a gentleman. (Hsaiythear.) They might continue to differ ■ without any ill-feeling, he trusted, beinggenerated between them. Mr. Reynolds was an ardent radical, and had he (Mr.Hare) been out of the House, hemight-have been influenced bythe same feelings. Persons who were notjmCouncU, andnot mixedupin the dis cassions, could not feel all the difficulties that beset certain leading questions or the causes that com peiled members to take particular courses. ( A voice —Nonsense ! Laughter.) Hecould nothelp think ing the remhrks made - on the Thebarton meeting unfair. He attended there at great personal incon venience, being' greatfy indisposed at the-time. He proved then thkt he was opposed to nomineeism; but .what was the language of the Government? " Either the Bill . or nothing." (A voice—The Government led* you astray.) * lie*.could not help that; he might be the simple party, hut not the misleading party. 'If he understood the feeling at' Thebarton, it was thatthey submitted to nomineeism lor the sake of the great and admitted benefits con- : ferred by the B«1L ("_No, no," " Yes, yes," and confusion.) Mr. Gnrr believed that he, with some eight or nine persons, opposed nomineeism, but those in favour of it carried it. Mr. Hare—The majority were in favour of the Bill, aud now is it fair or manly to attempt to throw the blame on me ? ... Mr. Reynolds-—Mr. Hareponld not have been mis led by the declarations of the Government, as he now attempts to show, for he read the despatches himself there, and argued from them precisely like the G > vernmeut officers; thus leading .or misleading the meeting, which naturally attached credit to the views of its own member. (Hear, hear.) I Mr. Hare did so. He rejoiced that he was the author of the compromise which/limited the existence of the nominee principle to nine years; that was supported by Mr. Waterhonse,~a staunch radical, by Mr. Fisher, and others. He again asked what man liness there was in thns attacking him ? A Voice—The fact is, yod arc the first of the lot who has come before his constituents. -. Mr. Hare hoped the hon. members Iwohld, each in iiis turn, get a similar do3e. He was not" a laggard in love or a dastard in war." When, convinced of the correctness of a course, he pursued it regardless of consequences. With regard to what fell from his friend Mr. Reynolds—he really must call him his friend—(a laugh)—that gentleman accused him of burking universal suffrage and vote by ballot. That was wrong; he supported vote by ballot—(hear, hear)—uutil he found the Government so dead against it. (Laughter.) He considered the balance of advantages lay in securing the Bill; and with all its advantages he still considered he would have been a madman to have refused it. He considered that with no property qualification for either representa tive or elector, they had virtually universal suffrage, i (No, no.) Mr. Reynolds—But we might have had all the a Ivantages given by the Bill with an elective Upper House. (Cneers) Mr. Hare—It was all very well to say so after the session. Mr. Reynolds—But yon read the despatches. Mr. Hare—I'm not obliged to read them with yonr eyes; tliey may indeed be brighter and clearer than mine, as yon are no doubt a cleverer and greater man. (A. voice—" Nonsense I" Roars of laughter.) In England a great proportion of the people only earned enough to purchase food, and they had no means ef acquiring a property qualification; there fore all liberal politicians sought universal suffrage as the only means of enfranchising the masses. Here any man with health and strength can earn the qua lification in a few weeks. Mr. Reynolds, with the permission of the meeting, read Mr. Kingston's motion, which Mr. Hare - op posed. Air. Hare—Under what circumstances was that mo tion opposed? The Government met us with conces sions, and we consented to go the rest of the way to the Government, and, as honourable men, we were then bound to do so. The provisions of the Bill secure practically universal suffrage. In finglaud great importance is attached to vote by ballot, and pioperly so, for there the foreman of a factory might discharge hundreds of hands if they did not vote for orange or blue as desired by the employer. Could they coerce the labourer here in that manner? A Voice—Yes, three years ago. Air. L. Egaa—VVe do not want vote by ballot here. Air. Hare would certainly support Mr. Reynolds if he started for one of the city districts next election. Mr. Reynolds—Thank you, bat I do not intend to pat up for that honour. (Laughter.) Mr. Hare—Were he in the House he would find ; that he must alter his course to meet circumstances occasionally, and that to reduce bis most cherished plans to practice, ha must in some degree modify them; and his constituents, if reasonable men, would be satisfied with him, if he did " the best hia circumstances allowed." Mr. Reynolds had referred to his conduct as influenced by Government before he had received his appointment. He had insinuated it, as a man may, without asserting anything, insinuate away a woman's reputation—but he (Mr. Hare) now challenged him to prove his insinuation. That insi nuation was made at a meettug which was presided over by the hon. member for the Burra. Now, he aud Mr. Kingston had been personal enemies for many years; but he never allowed that to influence the conduct of the member for West To. reus. (Hear, hear.) Ha supported every motion introduced by Mr. Kingston, if satisfied that it was for the pnblic benefit to do so; yet Mr. Kingston black- balled him whenever he could. It was said he had obtained a lucrative appointment; but he asked, where was there a more determined opponent of Government than he had been ? (Screams of laughter.) He led the crusade about the Police. (A voice—''Nonseusel" Laughter.) He heat Government three times one day. He opposed the increase to the new G rvernor's salary. He opposed the four years' com pensation, for that appeared to him excessive; so he opposed it tooth and nail. Would that have been his course if there had been an understanding between him aud the Government ? It was said that, because he supported the nominee Upper House, he was made an Undertaker of the Railway; hut it was the House, aud not the Govern ment, which conferred that office on him, and it was not in the power of the Government to turn him out of it. Supposing his conduct as a member of Council was really important to the Government, was it reasonable to think that he would have bargained lor the hardest-worked and worst-paid office in its gift? Would he not have secured some well-paid sinecure, like that of Clerk to the Executive Council ? (A voice—" Yon did the best under the circumstances."—Laughter. i» He had heard that it was in some degree owing to Mr. Dutton that he was appoiuted to the head of the Convict Department, and the previous day he wrote a note to that gentleman on the subject. In the answer Mr. Dutton admitted that at the last Speaker's dinner he said to the - Colonial Secre tary " That he knew no person in the colony so fit for the office as Mr. Hare." (Hear, hear.) Every year since he had been in the House he had called attention to the mismanagement of the convicts; he had urged upon the Government that instead of being a burden ou the public, tbe establishment should pay its own expenses. He also maintained that it should be so conducted as to have a reformiug operation as well as a coercive effect; that besides punishing, it should improve, and thus be a benefit and a blessing to the unfortunates subjected to its control. (Hear, hear.) it was natural for the Government to say—"Sir, yon have distinguished yourself in pointing out mismanagement in that establishment,, will you undertake its management, and ameliora-, tion?" What was his. answer?. "The salary is too small." But then to that it was replied, " You never mentioned thqt before," hud that vyas conclu sive ; as a public man he felt he was bound to take it. If he could effect any good, he would rejoice; if he failed, he would resign. Mr. Goode" referred to a person namedfteuben Lewis, He felt a delicacy in touching on that subject, for it might injure the man—— . Here several persons said that was not a matter connected with the representation of, Wust Torrehs, and consequently the meeting had, nothing to do : withiti ■■ ■;.\;;..-..v.'.;, Mr. Hare was willing to explain, bat; boyredto the sense of those around him. He was also charged with seeking to destroy the elective principle in the > Central Road Board. He did so because bethought the principle of divided responsibility vicious, and he admitted the same vicious principle^ obtainedin the -Railway Board, of winch he was a - member. There was no proper liability ; if they acted wrongly or foolishly they could not he turned out. He thought the Executive should have power to dismiss isuch officers if they acted improperly or were inefficient. Every person present most know thathehad and11 conld have no possible enmity to the gentlemen com- ■ ■posing the Central Board. He did not succeed in -, that motion; no man could be successful always ;, . : he could not convince every person., He hoped his.. ■friend was satisfied. Mr. Reynolds did not come there toargue, hut to ; ■hear Mr. Hare's explanations. Mr. Hare—Mr, Reynolds also said—— / Mr. Reynolds (after a pause)—That yon would1 not vote for an adjournment or dissolution of the pre- ; sent Council although " a three years' man." Will that help you? (Laughter.) ; ; Mr. Hare was Opposed to the policy that would, make a member vote according to the dictates of his constituents, when opposed to his matured judgment; and there was in that no deviation from what he ex- ' pressed three years ago. Had he time to search through the papers, he could prove he said the same before he was elected. Mr. Goode— No ; you promised to resign if you conld not vote as yonr constituents wished. Mr. Hare—What 1 said was, that before an indi vidual became your member he should give a full, explicit, and exact account of his political principles. If after doing that you elected him, you should allow him to carry out his principles for the term of his representation. He should not be called on to swerve from his principles—he would not consent to such a thing; it would be reducing a member to the posi tion of delegate, and they could hire a bullockdriver at thirty shillings a week for that. Mr. Goode—That was your position, nevertheless. , Mr. Hare was as well satisfied with his coutse as when he invited them to look with microscopic care at his professions. He gave the fullest explantion he could of his principles, and he did his best to act up to them. He asked Mr. Reynolds, would he act as a delegate ? That was democracy, which he hated, although he loved radicalism. (A. laugh.) Suppose his judgment wrong, which he did not admit—a man could not be always right—did they expect their re- • preventative to be more than man ? Mr. Gurr had said he conld not make him out. He could not, unless he ploughed wi'k his (Mr. Hare's) heifer. He should be impressed with the same convictions, met with the same arguments, and surrounded by the same circumstances, and then he would understand hi»n. As a member of Council, he felt like a Juror, so lemnly bound to bear all the evidence, and decide to the best of his judgment. He did so, after giving each question his deep, serious, anxious—nay more, prayerful consideration. Whatever they might feel, he was satisfied that he had done his duty by them. (Cheers and groans.) A person asked Mr. Hare to explain his conduct with regard to the Small Debts Act. Mr. Hare referred to the great want of employ ment that was felt three years ago; the amount of small debts contracted by working men, who, on the reports from the gold-fields, were disposed to go away without making any arrangement to pay the shopkeepers. As a just protection to the shopkeepers he supported that Act. (Cheers). Mr. Gurr wished to make an addition to hia mo tion, which was, that in addition to the vote of thanks, Mr. Hare be requested to continue to repre sent the District until the next election. Mr. Head seconded the amended resolution. Mr. Reynolds acted without any personal feeling to Mr. Hare, who, having resigned, conld not, with out re-election, represent the District. It was for the me ting to say, if it pleased, whether the expla nations given were satisfactory or otherwise. Mr. Hare—It had been said out of doors that it was small of Lim to take office. He supposed the amount of salary suggested the remark. There wete, however, higher and holier motives than money considerations, and it was his privilege to say that such motives influenced him in taking office. He undertook its duties with a solemn feeling of its re sponsibility—(here his voice faltered)—and if he.snc ceeded in reclaiming one wanderer—(here he sobbed) —if he could restore one erring individual to society, he would be rewarded. (Here the speaker's utter ance became almost inaudible with emotion, but strange to say, his pathos produced a risible effect on the audience, and a roar of laughter, long and loud, pervaded the room. Even the speaker caught the cachiuatory in.ection, and when order was in some degree restored, and his voice conld be heard, he was, with a " broad grin," proceeding in this fashion:)—It was admitted on all hands that he was a slashing debater, but some persons denied him administrative ability. (A voice—" Nonsense." Boars of laughter.) Mr. Byng moved that Mr. Hare's resignation be accepted without any expression of opinion. Mr. Goode seconded. The Chairman requested non-electors to retire to the farther end of the room, and the electors to range themselves on different sides of the table, as they were disposed to support the motion or the amendment. There now ensned a scene that " beggars all de scription." Recriminations were bandied across the table; persons who were not electors were detected: standing with the votfps. Among those who were called on, and had to confess they were not qualified to vote, was Mr. Town Councillor Egan. When the uproar was apparently at the highest, it received a stimulus from Mr. Hare's mounting 'on a form and signifying his wish to hear by requisition from the electors, whether they desired him to resign or continue to represent them. Volleys of groans suc ceeded, and it was evident there could be no vote taken. Mr. Gurr begged to withdraw his amended mo tion ; and upon that Mr. Reynolds moved that Mr. Cooter should leave the chair, and that the thanks of the meeting were due to him for endeavouring to keep order. The motion was carried by acclamation, and the meeting dissolved. The partisans on either side having screamed themselves hoarse, descended to the bar, where they compensated with copious stimulating draughts their great expenditure of breath upstairs. Burba Burba Mines.—The usual survey at these mines took place at 12 o'clock on Thnrsday.last week, at which 14 pitches and bargains were let to about 50 miners, the total nnmber now employed being about 160. This is decidedly the best survey since the stoppage of the great pumping engine in 1852\. The want of success at the gold- diggings, and the high rate of wages earned at the Bnrra Burra by tributers, has induced the miners once' more to return to their old employment. The ore produced dining the last " take," eight weeks, is estimated at 600 tons—a very satisfactory production from the shallow levels of this extraordinary property. Cathedral of St. Francis Xavier.—A tea meeting was held on Monday evening at the Ca tholic school-room, the profits being for the building fund of the Cathedral already commenced in Victoria square. At least three hundred were present, and a: greater display of female beauty has seldom graced a room in tiouth Australia. The Rev. John Sniyth, who presided, made a few appropriate remarks before the commencement of the banquet. He referred with pleasure to the numerous company by "which he was surrounded, comprising, as he justly observed, a large proportion ■ of the wealth, respectability, and intelligence of Adelaide. He conld not doubt that with such snpporters—the descendants of those who had done so much for the Church in the old conn^ipq they had left behind—the lofty spire of §t. Francis Xavier would soon be raised. He vyas puce pf it-~hQ was sure that those around him. wqnld no$ much longer suffer their Cathedral to reinam with only its foundations laid: and whenwia sacred ediffce was. completed, it would fenptiA as .a memorial to their children and their chil->, dren's children, who would eyer remember in their prayers its generous founders. He concluded by saying grace, after .which the handsome and trqly elegant repast was served. It included every deli cacy the garden and the orchard could supply, and was sweetened by all that hospitality and good hu mour could do to heighten its enjoyment. We observed near the . Chairman the Kev. Maurice Lencioni, as also Messrs. .William Leigh,; E.- - J. Peake,. H. Johnson, Fitzgerald, Conway, McCabe; McElHster, J. Hamilton, &c..; When, tea :yraa. oyer (he forms were cleared away, and the evening wound up with mazy dances andsome of old Irelaim'e inUF* nest songs. " * ' "' 