THE CABINET. THE RICHES OF FAITH. —‘Christian Got thold Srivce. —Dr. Duff, Calcutta. What matters it if we are poor in this world, so long as we are rich towards God? Hath not God chosen the poor in this world, rich in faith, and heirs of the kingdom which Ho hath promised'to them that love Tfim ? ’ All that concerns us ia rightly to know the value of our treasures, because in understanding wo arc children, and we know not the worth of our inheritance,. But let the world boast-tier grandeur : we may rest in the enjoyment of our riches. The world says, ‘Here is my abode ; ’ the hclicving-soul may poinfc to heaven, and' say, ‘ There is my-abode:’ Does the world display fine clothes made in the newest fashion?—the believer’s soul has the blood and the righteousness of Christ for itsbeauly and ornaments,-in which it need not fear to stand before God. The world may-say, ‘ I have much gold ; the believer can reply, ‘T have fine gold which is current in heaven, wlfcre all besides is hut dross—this will avail after death, when all else must bo left be hind— this will win heaven when that must perish with its possessors,! Has the world pleasures and carnal enjoy ments?—the believing soul has- also the gratification of living from day to day in fel lowship with Christ- the Saviourthe love of God is shed abroad in the heart by the Holy Ghost ; theic is heavenly peace and a good conscience, which is-a continual feast; not the swelling of a wintry torrent, hut the fertilising stream flowing toward the ocean of eternal blessedness. Does the worldling boast'a- train of at tendants !.~hns not the believer angels, ministei ing spirits, to whom God lias given charge concerning, him ? Does the world ling talk of his power and influence ?—what has he, compared to the name at which ►Satan trembles? Christians may say, “I can do nil things through Christ, which strengtheneth mo.’ The honours- : of this wrrld must turn to shame but-the-dignity of being a child of God, the Almighty and glorious Lord, is hoyond the power of words to describe ; it is to he the bride of Christ. Lei the world then love its own ; they’who can say, ‘ Christ is mine,’ need wish fur nothing more but to grow in grace. This is joy which will not fail oven in the hour of death. .That is the very time when wo most need the Saviour ? and if wo can ' say, 4 Jesus is mine,* neither death nor life shall be able to separate us from Him. If life is gone, still Christ is left, and he is f *6ur life;’ Temporal things must* then ho left behind ; raiment, and gold, and pearls, and precious stones, profit not in the hour of death ; but they who have Christ, have durable riches for ever.- 0 men, if you were a Christian, it would elevate you on a pedestal from which.you could look around on the world and view iis insignificance. 