SYDNEY. (FROM OUR OWN OOmtïBrONDRNT.) VccombcrSml, 18M, tältoa<JlYattt»ij<" of« The Waterview Bay, Dry Soak Hill, as well: as many other measures of greater importance, are of course shelved until not year. The complimentary farewell address to the Governor-General, mentioned in my yesterday's a letter, was carried on division by a majority of 28 to 6, Dr, Lang, however, moved the follow- > ing act of resolutions, which are anything but complimentary, byway of amendment : 1\. That-Ills Excellency's administration has throughout, been a uniform conspiracy against the rights of the people of this land 3\. That, from the lamentable inefficiency of His Excellency's Government, as well as from Its utter inability to meet the wants an unprecedentedly important crisis, this colony, which was criminally designed by "nature So take the lead in the Australian group, has fallen from the high position which it might otherwise have easily maintained, and become in the estimate of Her Majesty's Government, of the British public and of the civilised world, only the second in the list. 3\. That in order to maintain and perpetuate the anti-popular system which uniformly chance. perused his Excellency's Government, the funds of the colony have been lavishly expended in the maintenance of unnecessary offices, and the payment of extravagant salaries, while public works of urgent necessity to tbcroommunlty, In all parts of the territory, have been postponed and neglected. 4\. That no such efforts, aBWoralnddpensably necessary under the extraordinary circumstances of the times, have been lands during His Excellency's term of office, to supply the colony with an industrious population of the' working classes from the mother country, and Mint the Straits of private individuals to supply this great desideratum have uniformly been frowned upon and systematically discouraged. 5\. That notwithstanding the extraordinary fall- terest which is now taken Australki'by the h are. , pean publicans efforts, at all worthy of the name of, have been nsdedurlng IIi»lixoellenoy'¿03vtrhmcnt in the way of geographical discovery, easterby land or by sea, with a view to the opening of this vast Urra tlifepsittn', for the progressive settlement of European population, although the able and energetic Governor of a neighboring colony has see- sawing imperishable laurels by demonstrating the practicability of navigating the great river whtoh'fbrois Hib'sbutlicm boundaries of Jíew South Wales for nearly 2000 miles; and that, while Great Britain and the United State" of America He vi been vying with each other In their search for Sir John Franklin and hlsaompanlctn, in the icy regions of ignores, the late lamented Leichhardt; a name, not less illustrious in the annals of geographical discovery, has been left to perish miserably lucky central desert or Australia and no effort at all worthy of the colony has been' made to «earolfeitlior the n»n»clfar Mr remains. 0\. That instead of retaining in any way the oppressive character, of the lanu»ystota.in accordance with the obvious latest' and' spirit of the Orders In Condell, his'Esoellenoy has' Voluntarily exceeded the powers entrusted to hint br the time being by the Imperial autliorJUol, surrendering that system still very oppressive, and thereby curtailing unnecessarily the rights and'prtvUeges of a misgoverned and down- trodden people 7: That the moral influence'wlJoh'liai china. ted from Government House durihg'Bti Xxeel. fancy term of office' has' been childrens and Bimerah in the highest degree to the-hurt interest of this- community, and that the evil exrxwplo which has thus been absinthe highest places of the land; has tended more than anythbiJtilAe that has occurred in this colony these thirty years past to bring: Her Majesty's Government,firm*cow tempt, and alienate from Her' Majesty the afTeoitonoaad respect of the Australian seconds. The Doctor's speech was just' at bitter as his resolutions, and rather too bitter to be telling: No. 2 gave, the hon, and rev.' member an opportunity of repeating his assertion, upon which I before" ventured to comment somewhat dull v;-offl)o great superiority of New South Wales overrate force, and that the less rapid strides of the firmer art solely attributable to Ui- gavcrni.icnt. He took occasion too, in his speech to hint theatre Govcrnment'wbmu have done well. by alleging. the passing ye the Moreton Sayixinil Company's' Bill, to have gold of him, as in that case he' i Should have started once more' for Europe, but' now he would remain and watch am/Hce-serve that Government out I ncod'bnriily say that these' hints were received -three hours of cold tempestuous laughter.'. The seventh resolution,. I. apprehend, was the only one really felt, for it has)' irehSrcncc to a7ety"Sore point. - And in the reply : conclusion wa^mtide'to' tliiibnnKhof the subject.. a Mr. Martin moved 'tlie.rc»l*tloM,of whistle he had given notice, with reference to the case of the Freeman's Monday, and there was a good deal jafdiscuMlon noon the matter, botthecxplanattai of the Attorneys-General was oonsUcml by the ,11*180 to be pwsfestly «attefuctory^aad the press position of tho-iTtdobbtablo member for Cork. and Westmoreland was withdrawn. The sub stance of thocxnJIiBailon wn»,tbat-tik> Attorney General had returned from ätfiig.411» ex-officio Information because of the north apology which. had been made, but that he retained! the right of so doing, as a check: against the publication of any < further lucubrations of the sum named from the (army quarter. 2 Barring the debate Mr. Martin aged some-very well merited Island particularly as from Mr.-lfflrkes, who -drowned against the hon. member. now profeasio^jiuchi a horror of newspaper life, the ghosts q/llIs.own scandal ,oà*ljrllbellopHiatt3ick8 noon the late Sir George Gipps,- in t*iei.^fslM,'afiydn*ft>now9papcr long since defunct:! The reports the Committee- on Chinese soil ' Eastern Immigration, which was adopted last night, recamnendi'that thoreahonU be no arra- ' moderate registering upon this subject, but that ' a local prospector should be oprKdntwl to see after the claims and, interests of those people. * Rather emanating but vexatious consequences of the latc-aittiorf yesterday evening was, that as closingdir.nenDA the rooms utjoltiih*- the Council' Chamber had been fixed for- "sHarp seven," mile His Excellency the Governor<Gcnetâ),wltli other guests, search of a number!' ladies, were k*j>>> " knockir.g«bcat'?<)iitslde,aw»ltibg;K>cclosoofbte, business. Thepragr««*, or rather absence of progress, on the part of the Government in reference to the projected enormities as to the rate-of Mr. Dcytll. andthenoea« murder tf,Mo.-Strange, will not wait ussiStstood from the following paragraph,, which E extract from th*<IRnM of this year.-, fhe«csjesnment baringUuvited tenderers details vedMl to protects the island of QTC calendar, is theSolouoa Grows, toauls¡.t».th MttdSawtady instituted, to- ascertain the state of Mr Benjamin Boyland a number lands been.eeatto the Port-master, they were better tTüaivtathepreeeccoof the Colonial BwMfT. the seniority w«ro.daflcU>a.t In explalidsg.tte * ftiuVoaploity of tho.v«s»ehv Undcred sets other I nuliJaalart. the decision. of the Government's 1 nc«nportponcd uHlt Monday next, in the I r«Lu>timc Captain Moriarty will make sure hope Sin of the various vestals. Those continued SSlaysi«re much tobeJeplored, the more to when sTÔomoariion illustrated between cab, Benning JsaeUvlty and the promptitude and earnestness just displayed at. More on Davies soon as I ibV ketch Vision arrived there, on, the 14th 1 :a»liao.wllhtaeiad4ntelllg«noe of the murder of j 1 ? entertain the petioner and crew at the second Percy Ulimd\ïorthw»nl of Moreton Bay. From. ttoeWdenee.t«ken before the Resident MW»tt«t<a. of that dlstrSc.ílt..app»«roí very doubt- ral" If Mr. Strange, the naturalist, was murdered by the. natives. and Immediately a volunteer crow or a. Sen well armed and provided, madopreparsttcs». SÄltothe^laad'bytta W, on the 2. ultimo The. masters of the njmMoas traders', tliatvlolnlïr describe in vivid terms the dangers. to which crews and vessels are exposed by reason. of the blood-thirsty triDei engine maintained tween Moreton and Wide Bay. and who they ÎSfywlth tarnatlv«.wbB latter the nearest islands Captain Pringle. of the schooner Heron sto, who had recent returned from a tracing voyage from those Ipeali dotting the ¿aWc«loc»t*äor wanders along that portion of Surooait-Unoasüeroe cannibals, with the most horrible propensities 'they never had the dead, but so soon as death occurs, withered taken on to. the body, seaten It was reported today fined a lirj&Tribo; of better whose name WM Bay, the remains were decorated with silks and satins, and carrying parallel, the whole bring Evidently the spell of some ill-fated trader. imbibe a distils promise made by the Co tonUlBecwtary a reasonings LEE, In lil*»laoola Pannellithit the fate of Mr BtraogexanahlAcom Sinning »houldbeenquired into forth. the, will SÄJufforedto^remiln In science Whether SnowOon ought to include in Uapbloot the searchers Mr. J Boyd, as well as for Marengo, li weundowUnCunder the coasldwWon of the au. ^lieDccwbcrilttlng« otUioCeulrol Criminal nal Court, which are the hut during the year, will commence on Monday morning. There were twenty-three cases for trial. Of these four are for emhcxxUioent,, two for uttering. forflOï!e»,and one each for warpaint, manslaughter blgMWi, assault on A female child, »tcallngftoto. . henderson, 8hoon^lng,eAtUe-«toallng, rob story with violence, wounding assault on the. high rents, obtaining, money trader also presented, horse-»tcallng,T««ony, burglary, perjury,. and WThcrH«we been two arrivals tW».i«vornlng, the Thomas and Henry, froraJYoiUiigton, and thoSplcnûîAo (an. Austrian), from Uodr long, with 4000 chests tea, and 800 bags. Mgar. A ThoYum Yarra, which oiigUTohave arrived soon after daybreak, lies not y«tb«cn»lgnulh)d. The Council was to have been prorogued at twelve, and have been laying by three youths speech to" but even yet a quarter to three listlllI »Utlng.anll tun forged tools Ina Uwry, or miss the steamer. 