London, June 8, 1854 The past month, if not very prolific of events, has at any rate teemed with incidents, rumours, and discussions of more or less importance. The Commons House, catching up some of the belligerent spirit of the, day has evinced a disposition to carry on hostilities in an equally determined though more harmless manner than the armies of the Danube. Lord John and Mr Disraeli have been acting the, parts of a political Omar Pasha and Prince Gortschakoff has style and with a vigour that proved at once entertaining and instructive. Looking to the dead pause we have for some time had in matters of actual war, this parliamentary skirmishing, this political combat came very opportunely on the evening of the 29th ult. to relieve the ennui of the public at large. Any account of this brilliant engagement would be imperfect without first stating that on the night of the 25th May, the Ministerial Oaths Bill, which was framed to admit Jews and others to seats in Parliament, was rejected on the second reading by the small majority of four. Coming as this did after their defeat on the Scotch Education Bill, their minor defeats on some points in the Oxford Bill, and their forced withdrawal of their pet Reform Bill, the Cabinet must have winced under the necessity they felt for withdrawing their Bribery Bill, which they most reluctantly did on the 29th alt. Lord John could not avoid ex pressing his disappointment, and at the same time his sugar, at the vote of Mr. Disraeli and his party. The Derby Leader replied with considerable spirit, and not a little effect, in defence of his and his friends' consistency. Had my Lord John allowed the matter to drop there, no great harm would have been done ,. but he was tempted to offer a bitter rejoinder, which had the effect of bringing Mr Disraeli on his legs in replication, when he delivered one of the most sarcastic and clever speeches that it has been my fortune to hear. It reads well enough in the Times, but as heard the effect was tremendous. Even the Times cannot help offering the opposition orator its meed of praise, however reluctantly, and one may well imagine that the Treasury Bench will be long before it again calls forth such a castigation as its occupants received ten days ago. The other business has been of a miscellaneous character. The Excise Duties Bill has passed through Committee ; the Oxford Bill advanced in committee and the Reports received from the Select Committees on "Irish Corruption" and on " the case of Mr Stonor the Melbourne Judge. In the latter the Secretary for the Colonies is absolved from any imputation, but the " Colonial Office is roundly charged with not properly doing its duty : rather a nice distinction ! During this week there has been no House, owing to the Whitsun holidays. London continues very full and gay, enlivened, too, by the presence of the young King of Portugal, whom report states to have come over for the purpose of selecting a future Queen from our young royal family. He is at present full young for such an alliance, as indeed are our own princesses. The note of warlike preparation sounds loudly as ever from one end of the country to the other. Cavalry regiments, infantry corps and bodies of artillery continue to be moved off Eastward, though somewhat late to share in the first laurels of the Danube. It appears that after much agitation in the Press, on the subject of our soldiers' clothing and accoutrements?, the vile throttling stock of the infantry is to be at once discarded. Measures are also being taken to remedy the inconvenient dress and awkward kit of the foot soldiers. The Essex Rifles, the first Militia regiment entrusted with garrison duty, have taken up their quarters in the Tower of London, under the command of Lord Jocelyn. The Hampshire Militia, under the Marquis of Winches- ter, will strengthen the large and important garrison of Portsmouth. The Devonshire Militia will garrison Dover. The Royal Berk- shire will occupy Weedon barracks, previous to their removal to the Royal Burgh of Windsor. The Lancashire and Yorkshire regiments, and some of those in the metropolitan counties were in the highest state of training and efficiency, and will be among the first called out. Our intelligence from the Black Sea adds little to the facts communicated in our last number. The bombardment of Odessa still stands out the conspicuous incident of our movements in that quarter. The historian of that incident, however, will have to record a vicissitude of opinion respecting it to which he may find occasion to trace an altered spirit in the subsequent conduct of the war. When the account of the destruction of the fortifica- tions and the generous forbearance shown to the town and merchant ships in the harbour reached England, the general effect it produced TON that of pride and gratification. It was felt to be worthy of the age, the cause, and the brave men engaged in it, that the interests of peaceful commerce should be respected in the midst of the horrors of war. But this feeling has subsequently undergone a grave modification. The fraudulent accounts of the transaction published in Russia have rebuked our clemency and the successful efforts of the population of Odessa to repair the damage, have shewn that the punishes ment we inflicted was not so considerable as we supposed. Having spared the city, weJ were at least entitled to some credit from our enemies for the leniency we extended to them 'r but it is now found that our leniency was a mistake, since it afforded the Russ ans an opportunity of issuing an utterly false narrative of the proceeding, and claiming a sort of victory out of our mercy. We apprehend that the allies will profit by experience, and furnish no future pretext to the enemy to misrepre- sent their action. We believe, also, that the surest way to bring hostilities to a speedy conclusion, is to make every step of our progress final and decisive. Had we razed Odessa to the ground, we should have struck a blow at the power of Russia that must have helped to shorten the horrors of war. But we have n occasion, nevertheless, to regret a forbears that has testified to the world our desire .. limit these calamities. If, hereafter, we adopt a sterner course, the responsibility rests with, those who have rendered it unavoidable. The activity that prevails by sea and land in the extensive preparations on foot for meeting the enemy at all vulnerable points justifies an expectation that the war, if it be not speedily brought to a conclusion, will at least soon dore M to me I Iii J Is velope events that must decide its ultimate fortune. Marshal St. Arnaud has been appointed commander-in-chief of the allied army, a post for which he is considered by the best military authorities to be thoroughly qualified. The whole line of the Russian coasts in the Black Sea and the Baltic is to be blockaded, and an effective blockade has been already established at the port of Riga. It has not yet been considered expedient to adopt similar measures in the White Sea ; but blockades in these waters may be looked for should they be required by the course of events. To these items of intelligence may be added a report that has prevailed at Paris during the last few days, and which, if true (and there is no reason for doubting its truth will exercise a considerable influence on future operations. It is to the effect that the squadron had a received orders to join the allied fleets in the Baltic and that the Swedish minister at the Court of St. Petersburg had demanded his passports. The Constitutionnel announces a fact which for its significant bearing upon the religions phase of the Eastern question requires confirmation. The Prince Leon of Armenia is reported to be about to proceed to Rome to negotiate with the Pope in person the reconcilia- tion of the Eastern Church to the Holy See. This Prince who is of the reigning house of Armenia, and, consequently, one of the most distinguished representatives of the Eastern Church, is said to be a personage of rare intelligence, and conciliatory manners, thoroughly competent to the success of a mission of the deepest moment to the Christian communities in the East. The British Government has notified to the State Department of the United States, that a British naval force will take possession of Sil- ice, and all other Russian ports on the Pacific coast. All our intelligence from the Black Sea, confirms previous advices, as to the terrible destruction caused by our ships of war at Odessa. Russian manifestoes however continue to gloss over the facts, and pretend that our ships were compelled to retire. It appears that during the bombardment, about twenty British merchant men contrived to get away from the port of Odessa, some of them carrying away the Russian soldiers who had been put on board to guard them. Russian prizes continue to be made both in the Baltic and the Channel, and scarcely a day passes without one being brought into our ports. London, July 10, 1854 Phenomena not common in the recent history of Ireland have just occurred-" strikes" for increased wages. Some hundreds of men employed on the drainage works on the river Brusna, in King's County, have turned out for an increase of pay and the workers in the iron mines of Dysart, in Queen's County, struck for an advance from 7s 6d to 9s a week. In the latter case, those discontented with 7s 6d used to earn nothing a week 5 other miners have been obtained at the old wages. Don Pedro, the youthful King of Portugal, and his brother, the Duke of Oporto, arrived at Southampton on the 3rd June, and reached Buckingham Palace in the course of the morning. During the stay of the royal brothers, they-visited the theatres, concerts, operas, and public buildings in company with the Court. On the 3rd June, His Majesty and the Duke of Oporto took their departure to Woolwich where they embarked for Ostend, after having remained a month the guests of Queen Victoria. The Queen opened the Crystal Palace at Sydenham on the 10th June. In consequence of the great advance which is taking place in the price of paper, it is rumoured that a movement is now going on in Glasgow to raise the price of newspapers one halfpenny each. The Birmingham Mercury has taken the initiative among the English journals, having just added a halfpenny to its price. A supplementary estimate has been presented to Parliament of the sum required to provide for expenses on account of prisoners of war for the year ending next March. It is proposed to take a vote of £20,000 ; £5000 for the purchase of the House of Correction at Lewes as a place of confinement for them, and £15,000 for their maintenance, clothing, s'., and the pay of officers in charge, and incidental expenses. Some calculations showing on how much more costly a scale the present war is carried on than any of its predecessors are offered in BCerapath's Journal : "There seems, indeed," says our contemporary, to be no limits set to the expense. Large sums have been spent in improving the science and practice of gunnery within the last two or three years, against which no complaint can be made. It is necessary for our protection. Shells are now generally used instead of shot, and the destructive effects, therefore, of cannon indefinitely increased. We understand, too, that our powder is very much superior to the Russian. It is alleged to be one-third stronger. But if we have improved our guns and our skill in using them, the expense has more than kept pace with both. In former years shot only was used, and a 32 rounder cost about 5s. It is now found that shells are incomparably more efficient, and what is called a 32 lb. shell, fitted with fuses and all complete, costs 20s and the charge of powder, with water, 12s. more, or 32s. for every 32 lbs. shell fired. For an 8 inch, or 321. shell the cost is 24s., and with powder and wads, 28s The guns for the 321. shell weigh about two tons, and cost about £40. The guns for the 681. shells weigh from 38 to 40 tons, and cost from £65 to £95 each. From these few facts one may form some idea of the costly game we have entered on, and, from its probable destructive effects, what the Czar's subject! and others will owe to his ambition and madness." RUSSIA. The Ossie, a Mecklenburgh brig, which left Cronstadt on the 30th May, was taken and detained at Riga by an English vessel for having broken the blockade. Her captain has communicated some interesting details touching the Russian fleet and the condition of the harbor of Cronstadt : " He reports that when the Ost see left CronStadt there were twenty-four Russian ship-of-war one of which is a three decker, ready for sea. They were all outside the mai of. war harbour and in the St. Petersburg Channel, the three-decker being moored broadside on to the opening, which had been narrowed by throwing in large stones and rocks, so that not more than one vessel could pass through it at a time. Seven hundred guns t were brought to bear upon this narrow passage, in which the submarine mines of Jacobi wore deposited covered with stones and marked by very small buoys. Heavy chains, supported by large buoys, were laid across the channel about four feet below the surface of the water. All the channel buoys had been removed, and the ships so placed that their fire supported and crossed that of the detached forts, in which 20,000 soldiers were stationed The Russian fleet is fully manned, the three-decker having 1,100 men on board, and the other liners 700 each. The Russians express the fullest confidence in their power to destroy any force that shall venture to attack them. The inhabitants of St. Petersburgh are not allowed to visit Cronstadt, and the people of Cronstadt are not suffered to go to St- Peters- burgh." TURKEY. RAISING OF THE SIEGE OF SILISTRIA. The Russian army, commanded by the Grand Duke Constantine and Marshal Prince Paskiewitch, have been obliged to withdraw de guerre lassie from the siege of Silistria and retire to the right bank of the Danube, after having abandoned fifteen batteries and secret mines which they had established before the place. Thus, then, Silistria, a fortified place of the fourth order, defended by a garrison of only 15,000 men, resisted (during two months an army of 80,000 men, re-inforced every day ; it resisted after causing them to lose 24,000 men in the unceasing attacks always renewed and always without success-it forced them to abandon the siege. During two months the heroic garrison of Silistria- indefatigable, devoted, always ready to shed the last drop of their blood in defence of their country always seemed to multiply itself to repulse the continual assaults of an enemy so superior in numbers. In their last effort of impotent rage the Russians employed the whole of their forces and all their artillery, only to miscarry before the valour of the Ottomans ; they retreated devastating the whole country. The death of Massa Pacha, the governor of Silistria, took place on the 2nd of June. He was wounded by a piece of grenade shell, which entered his left side, and he died twelve minutes afterwards. Mehemet Pacha, Vizier and Hussein Pacha replaced him. The latter was wounded at the battle of Oltenitza. The Russians were beaten before Silistria with great loss on the 5th June on the 9th, in storming for? five and nine, they were re- Imbued with a loss of 2000 men. The Turks lost 300. On this occasion it was that Prince Paskiewitsch received a severe wound in the side from a ball from the Turkish batteries. In consequence of this he was removed to Jassy, leaving Prince Gortschakoff in command. On the 13th, three mines were sprung before Silistria without doing any damage to the walls. The Russian storming columns were prepared to mount the expected breach, but were attacked on three sides by the Turks At 4 o'clock the garrison of Silistria made a tremendous sortie and a fearful battle ensued. General Schilders received a wound which rendered the amputation of his leg necessary. General Luders was wounded, and Prince i Gortschakoff received a contusion. The losses on either side have not been mentioned. It does not appear that operations were renewed I afterwards. It was stated that the vanguard of the relieving forces sent by Omar Pacha from Shumla co-operated with the garrison on the 14th, and that the garrison and troops thus sent, consisting of 30,000 under Mehemet Pacha, completely defeated the Russians. The relieving troops effected a junction with the garrison, and the siege had been raised. According to later accounts, a great part of the Russians had recrossed the Danube. According to the news from Varna, which reaches to the 14th June, the British Light Division were encamped at Aladyn. The Duke of Cambridge landed at Varna on the 13th, with the First Division and on the same day the brigade of Guards also arrived. The Himalaya, with 320 horses and 323 men of the 5th Dragoons, arrived on the 12th, having made the passage from Cork to Varna in eleven days and nineteen hours. All the horses were in good condition ; only two had died on the passage. On the 13th, there were races in the camp of the Light Division, horse and foot, got up by the officers to relieve the tedium of camp life for the men, and to keep them out of mischief for they do get into mischief. The Times correspondent reports with regret, that some of the Light Division men have broken into houses and maltreated, the peasants. The officers were doing their utmost to prevent this disgraceful conduct Later accounts state that the first Anglo- French division had already marched from Varna on their road to Shumla. On the 20th of June the allied fleets were still anchored at Baltjik. The Firebrand and Vesuvius were blockading the mouths of the Danube ; the Retribution and a French frigate had been despatched as an additional force. Lieutenant Boys, of the Tiger, was sent away from Odessa on the 7th June, for St. Petersburg, and the rest of the officers were to be sent off to Riazar on the 10th of June. All hands were well. Though not on parole, the officers were allowed to go where they pleased, accompanied by an officer, who was generally one of the Commander-in-Chief's aides-de-camp. Omar Pasha retreated at Silistria, and no sooner had the Russians entered the fort than he blew them into the air, some say 8,000 men. Omar Pacha is said to have cut off Osman Pasha's head, having found him losing an advantage and an opportunity of beating the Russians, and suspecting the influence of Russian Gold. The following description of the last moments and burial of poor Captain Giffard is given by the Kreuz Zeitung, under the head of Lower Danube, June, 12 : " We have received interesting dates from Odessa of the 3rd of June. On that day, at 3 p.m., the interment of Captain Giffard, of the Tiger, took place. By order of General Osten Sacken, the whole of the crew, prisoners of war, as well as the Governor-General Annemkoff, with the other military authorities, attended the funeral. A Russian battalion in parade order formed an escort to the coffin, and fired the usual volleys over the grave. Nearly the whole population was afoot, and followed the procession. The sturdy General Osten Sacken took the deepest interest in the fate of the captain during his illness. A little before his death, Giffard called the crew around his bed, and said, 'Lads, you owe your lives to my being wounded this hindered me from blowing up the ship. Farewell ! Greet our dear England for me when you see it. After these words he asked for a glass of lemonade, turned his face from the sailors to the other side, and gave up the ghost." GREECE. On the 17th May, 8,000 French soldiers landed and occupied the heights commanding Piraeus, having taken possession of the Arsenal and Custom House. The 97th Regt. (English) was expected there (at Athens) every day. Two English frigates, two French frigates, besides 14 or 15 French steam-ships assisted at the debarkation. The troops had intended marching into Athens at once, but the Ambassador prevented them, fearing that as King Otho had talked about marching out with his troops to oppose them, blood might have been shed. The Queen of Greece has gone almost mad. The besotted and benighted Otho of Greece has been compelled to listen to reason, but not until the last moment did he yield. Letters from Athens of the 22nd inst. state that the greatest dismay prevailed among the partisans of Russia at the menaced occupation of the country by an Anglo-French force. The Queen, in particular, was excited to a pitch of frenzy that made her husband fear that her mind was disordered. She is said to have repeatedly declared that if the occupation took place, she would that moment mount on horseback, place herself at the head of the Greek army, and lead them across the frontiers and rouse the population to arms. Her bellicose Majesty, however, appears to have considered that " second thoughts were best on the arrival of the French division that was despatched to bring these refractory scions of royalty to reason. Our most recent news by telegraph tells us that the French division destined to occupy the Piams arrived at that Port on the 25th ult., where it landed, after taking possession of the Greek vessels of war. On the 26th King Otho accepted all the proposals of France and England, proclaimed a strict neutrality in the affairs of Turkey, and changed his Ministry. Russian intrigue and gold has therefore been lavished in vain in that quarter, though so little reliance can be placed upon the word of Greek royalty, that some ships of war will be left there to remind King Otho of his engagement with some iron arguments in favor of remembering the same. SPAIN. On the evening of the 25th May, the column commanded by General Lara left Madrid to attack the insurgents, who had baited at Alcala de Henares. This column consisted of seven battalions of infantry, a regiment of cavalry, a detachment of foot gendarmerie, a detachment of horse gendarmerie, and two batteries of artillery. The troops were animated with the best spirit. The review held by the Queen in the morning had completely revived their spirit, and reanimated the sentiment of discipline which the example of the insurgent troops had considerably shaken. They came up with the insurgents on the 30th. General O'Donnell was willing to accept the combat offered him by General Lara. The firing commenced about noon ; it was kept up with equal animation and ardour on both sides. Both parties fought courageously, the royalists remaining true to their banner, and the insurgents rallying round their leaders. This loyalty of General Lara's troops is considered a great success for the Government, because it proves that if the insurgents counted upon the defection of the division at Madrid they were mistaken. The struggle lasted till nightfall, and was sanguinary. The field of battle was covered with dead and wounded. The victory cannot be claimed by either side. In the evening General Lara returned to Madrid with his little army, whilst General O'Donnell maintained his position. Among the prisoners made by General Lara is Colonel Manuel Garcia, of the Farnese cavalry regiment, one of the most distinguished officers of those who followed Generals Dulce and O'Donnell. 