THE COLONIAL CHAPLAIN AND MR. REYNOLDS. The member for West Torrens was sent into our Legislative Council untlev peculiar circumstances. The adjoining District of Last Torrens had, im mediately before his election, been contested, needlessly and unexpectedly, on pretence of advancing a principle which had already triumphed. After the gentleman who now represents the latter district had been unani mously chosen by a large public meeting as a candidate for whom all parties could consistently vote, and thereby avoid the inconvenience and annoyance of a local contest 011 the eve, probably, of a general election, another individual was thrust forward on principles not then or now in question, the chief of which was opposition to the defunct State Grant in aid of religion. The latter candidate, as might be expected, having manfully wrestled with a shadow, was compelled, in due time, to give up the ghost. Next occurred the contest for West Torrens, and the gentleman who first offered himself to represent that district, emulating the incorrect taste and faulty judg ment of his defeated neighbour, raised the spirit which had been so lately "laid," and insisted upon giving- battle to all and sundry as its cham pion. This brought Mr Reynolds into the lists as the knight-errant of unassailed voluntaryism, and in consequence of a series of blunders which Mr Baktley's supporters succeeded in grafting on his own original blunder, Mr Reynolds was returned. Apparently believing himself to be the chosen avenger of all imaginary wrongs, and the redresser of all cured grievances, the honourable gentleman has from the moment when he first entered the Council Chamber, run full tilt against | every windmill he could possibly come in con-! tact with, and is indefatigable in bis search after enchanted castles and mysterious adversaries. The mill which appears best to suit his purpose, as admitting of a series of headlong onsets, is the Colonial Chaplaincy. The tenor of the discussions which Mr Rey nolds's attacks on this office have occasioned, must be very gratifying to the Colonial Chad lain personally. They have elicited from all 6ides of the Ifouse expressions of respect and esteem for him and testimonies to his usefulness ; while they have disclosed 110 culpable negligence or other misconduct on his part. The crowning charge against him appears to be that fifty-eight destitute persons have been buried during the present year, of whom nine only received funeral rites from Mr Fakkell and his brethren of the gown ; whence it follows, according to Mr Reynolds's statement, that forty-nine indi viduals were committed to the earth in the unceremonious manner in which dogs are usually disposed of. This is undoubtedly a most serious evil, and one which demands, and will assuredly receive, instant remedy. It is sufficient, and too much, that the victim of misfortune should, during life, be distinguished from his fellow men by lacking nearly eveiy comfort which they possess, and experiencing almost every evil from which they are free ; and when the poor out cast has arrived at that condition in which all men are equal, without reference to age, rank,! capacity, or possessions, neglectful or con temptuous treatment of his remains, while it cannot injure the unconscious clay, reflects! severely nevertheless on the humanity of survivors. There has evidently been neglect somewhere, and similar occurrences must be guarded against for the future. But what ground is there for laying tlie blame on the Colonial Chaplain? It is not shown that Mr Fakkell received notice of the deaths of any of the forty- nine individuals, or that he became indirectly acquainted with the fact of their decease. Docs this community give up all destitute, diseased, and imprisoned persons, whatever their religious tenets, to the Episcopal Church, as represented by the Colonial Chap lain ? If so, many other Chaplains are re quired in the colony. If not, and Mr I aruell is nevertheless subject to blame, tlien are the clergymen of the other denominations' blameable also. Are our asylums, and hospitals, and gaols, and burial-grounds, closed to all but | the Colonial Chaplain? Mr Reynolds ascribes to the Chaplaincy an importance with which it was never regarded before, and which ^ we fear would not be accorded to it now if praise instead of censure had to be awarded. The fact no doubt is that Mr Reynolds having been elected under the circumstances narrated, feels it necessary now and then to do something in the anti-grant line, although there is nothing it present to be done; and like the doughty knight, to whom at the commencement of this irticle we compared hiin, must magnify common place incidents into formidable obstacles m order to overcome, or at tlie least to assail them, and j ascribe real evils to imaginary authors 111 order to secure a coveted combat. But it is for the calm and consistent volun taries of this colony—for those who struggled with a formidable reality, although j they decline fighting with shadows —-1 those who at the outset deprecated the long and arduous contest which took place, not only on principle, but also as dividing the, colonists and impeding public business; it is for them to lament the course which rash and inju dicious individuals of their body have during the last few months adopted. By calling " wolf when no danger is near; by raising an outcry against State grants when no grant is either m existence or in prospect; by assailing individuals, j apparently from dislike to their office ; by doing j these things, and things such as these, to serve temporary purposes, they are to the utmost of their ability damaging a cause whicb it is evident I they are npt qualified, under any circumstances, materially to promote. 