WESLEYAN CHAPEL, MOUNT BARKER. On Sunday evening last, the 16th instant, the Key; JoaSihvL^ preached his farewell, sermon to the cSgation ^semblin? in thi^place , of Wup, on ;H«inn of his removal to the Adelaide Circuit, The text was fro.n the Acts of the Apostles xx. 32 » And now, brethren, I commend vou to God, and to the word of his grace, which is able to build you up, and to give you an inheritance among all them that are sanctified.' ... The sermon was in the usual fervid and eloquent style of this beloved and devoted young r minister, and the thrilling appeals made, especiallywhen, in the words of the Apostle, ha challenged his congre gation ? m Wherefore I take you to record this day that I am pare from the blood of all men,' had a powerful effect upon his audience, and met with a. ready response in every brea3t. The chapel was crowded to excess, the aisles and every available space about the communion being literally crammed, and numbers who were unable to get admittance re mained outside. On the following afternoon (Monday), he' was in vited to a social tea meeting in the chapel, which was handsomely provided by the ladi.;3 of his coiigrega-, tion; after 'which a public meeting was held, when a testimonial, consisting of a pnr.se of 80 sovereigns, was presented to him, with a request that he would out of that amount procure for himself a c py of the latest edition of the ' Encyclopaedia Britannica. The meeting was commenced by singing the 697th hymn, after which the Rev. Henry Jordan, the new minister, engaged in prayer. The Chairman (Mr. John Dunn, sen.), in opening the business part of the meeting, stated that although tb,is proceeding was not altogether in accordance with the genius of Methodism, yet on account of Mr. Dare's haviug been the first settled Wesleyah Minister in the district, and the father (to use the words of the speaker) of this circuit, and on account of the great su-xes* that had, under the blessing of God, attended his labours, the testi monial was as justly merited as it was cordially given ; while at the same time, from the peculiar circum stances of the case, no abuse was likely to creep into the Wesleyan system from this instance being re garded as a precedent for the future. After a brief review of the history of Methodism here, as far as his own personal knowledge extended, he passed a de seived eulo.einin noon the rt»Rnefttfid cwast of thn evening, and called upon ? Mr. J. B. Sbepherdson, who, in presenting the tes^ timonial, addressed Mr. Dare as follows : — Reverend and dear Sir — It is with great pleasure, though not without considerable diffidence, that I respond to the invitation of your attached friends, to present you, on the present occasion, with a parting memorial of their esteem and Christian affection. To justify the course adopted in this matter, which in the opinion of many, as a general principle would be objection able, I may be allowe I briefly to glance at the his tory of Methodism in this district, with a view of showing how highly the cause is, under God, in debted to you, sir, for its present advanced and flourishing condition. Having been one of the firs: 6ettlers, and a resident in this district for a period of fifteen years, and the first individual in the district to receive the Wesleyan minister into my house, and to open it for public service in connection with that body, I may be supposed to be tolerably conversant with the details of the progress of Mbthodism here. It may with great truth and propriety be said of its commencement and progress for a considerable period, 'small and feeble was its day.' I have a pretty vivid recollection of the first visits of that devoted man of God, the Rev. John Bggleston, who first laboured in this district in connection with the Adelaide Circuit, at some what irregular, and frequently at distant intervals, and I can well remember the journeys I sometimes took with, him through the then intricate busb, to find out any little settlements, such as cattle and sheep-stations, where he mit;ht have an opportunity of promoting the interests of the cause of bis Divine faster, whom he so ardently loved and so faithfully eprved, in administering' to the lone settlers in this tjion distant bush, the VVo.nl of life, and in pointing the anxious enquirer to ' the Lamb of God who taketh away the sin of the world.' The population, although gradually increasing, was, for a long time, thin and scattered, and the older settlers present, especially our worthy friend the Chairman, will remember t'.iat the pastoral and agricultural interests of the colony were at one period, and for a con siderable time, in a very depre-sed condition, so that little indeed could be d one, by the comparatively few who were so disposed, towards the support and main tenance of religious ordinances ; and tho visits of the respected gentleman I have meutioned, and of hu successors, were indeed 'like angel visits, few and far between,' The quarterly collections, for a loug time seldom exceeded a very few shillings ; now they amount in this branch of the circuit alone to several pounds. I well recollect, Sir, whjn you first came among us, four years ago, matters were in a very unpromising state. We were indebted to the kind ness of a friend, a member of another communion, for being allowed to bold public service in an inc*tm modious slab hut; now we are privilged to worship in the elegant and cmitnodious sanctuary in whicli we ans met this evening; and when ' we look throughout the circuit, and observe temples dedicated, and to be dedicated, not to the Unknown God, but to the Triune Jehovah, some already completed and others progressing towards completion, in localities so lately trodJen only by the savage and deeply degraded aborigines of this land; and when we contrast the present flourishing state of thfl ftanse of the Redeemer in this district, with what it was four years a-jo, ami trace your connection with its advancing prosj- enty in your faithful, laborious, aelf-denying and eulightened labours of love, we fsel you have made ' tull proof of your ministry,' and we are led by the retrospect, in adoring wonder, to ex claim ' What hath God wrought ! ' And now, Sir, I may be allowed a few words on the subject of the testimonial, with the presentation of which I hare been entrusted this evening. A sum of eighty pounds (£80) has been voluntary contributed in an incredibly short space of time, and I believe it is the wish of the donors that, out of the sum so collected, you should procure for yourself a copy of the latest edition of the ' Encyclopaelia Britaunica,' substan tially and elegantly bound, with a suitable inscription in gold letters upon a red or black morocco ground, and that the residue of the suni tmbscrib^d should be left to your uncontrolled disp-sal. I am happy to understand that this entirely meets your own views ; and as many here may not know the nature of the work to be procured, I may simply observe that it is, what its name i'nports, a circle of tho sciences; and as I had the honour of suggesting the nature of the testimonial, it may not ha amiss for mo to say a few words in explanation of my own views in proposing it, and in justification of such a mode of appropriating a portion of the funds collected. Many well meSDinir People may have thought that some .- theofogicalVorks would have been more appropriate. Works of this class I hope I should be the last to undervalue, but I happen to know th it your library is already pretty well stocked with such. There are some persons in the present day, who think a' minister's studies should be' wholly confined to the' Bible and to works of an exclusively religious character, and that human learning 13 not only un necessary, but that it is positively dangerous, and has a tendency to impair a minister's relish for divine things, his zeal for God's glory and the salvation of his own soul, and that it is calculated to foster pride and self-esteem ; nay, some 'would' 'seem to love ig L «_.'...,'„„ n^aU tn* Sfo r-«m anfrn and to think know ledge *i very dangerous thin?,' and would almost go to the extent of adopting the popish maxina, that ' Ignorance 13 the mother of devotion ;' but what ?ays the great Apostle of the Gentiles, in his instruc tions to Timothy as to the qualifications of persons to be appointed to tb,e I'inistenal ofrbe : ' The things thou hast heard of me among many witnesses, that commit thou. to faithful men, able to teach others ''' slsr^fr Now allow me to ask- whether ignorance can 6gjJHythi3 pre-requisite to the ministerial qualifisa vfljffibility to teach others? Need I go beyond the pale of We.-leyan Methodism for examples of ministerial usefulness being eminently promoted by human learning? May I not point to the late excel lent and venerated \\-c. Adam Clark; one of the most learned, and at the same time one of the most useful men of his day : a man who was honoured by the Royal Commission on the public records of the king dom, with the appointment to revise and form, a supplement and continuation of that great national \- wort 'Rymer's Fceiera;' and what does he say on the subjectof human learning? I quote from his ' Let ter to a Preacher:' — ' With an eye constantly directed \- to the increase of your knowledge and experience in the things of God, acquaint yonrselt as much ns pos -' aible'with every branch of science. No man can fully explain the Bible who has not a general ac nnaintahce with the most important sciences and arts. ' The Bible, considered even as a human com position, is a book of the greatest learning under benven, and there is scsireely an art or science which is not alluded to in it ; and images frequently borrowed from them illustrate those sacred truths ?whieb the Spirit of God declares. It would be the easiest thing among ten thousan 1 to prove, that there lire multitudes of texts in that blessed book, which no man can explain who has not. a tolerable knowledge pf history, chronology, geography, as lonomy, ana tomy, and chemistry. If this b3 the, case (and it would be ensy to demonstrate it), what pretensions can an ignorant person have, however pious, to ex plain this book ? Illiterate piety may be useful m exhorting sinners to return to God, and pointing out, Iri a' general way, the path that Iea4s to God through Christ ???brft it certainly cannot, without inspiration Explain anil apply the deep things of God » And he aids! that '. Religion is discredited while preset ?wiUioat knowledge.' The study of the sciences and *ua tnaemficencs °f *ae operation? -arts discloses ...'- . .-.- - m ^ His stupendous sinister who has imbibed a taste for pursuits of this kind, and has learnt the habit of applying the know- , ledge he has acquired in subordination to the grand ; ind-pre-emineutaim of -his life, will lay. all his stores, of knowledge under contribution, in discharging * the duties of feeding ' the flock of Christ, over, whom the Holy Ghost has made him an overseer;' and a mind so cultivated will, in the words of the Bard of Avon, find ' Tongues in trees — books in the running brooks — ser-cons in stones, and good in. everything.' So much then, Sir, with respect to the testimonial and of your especial claims upon us ; and in now pre senting it tbybui 'allow me for your encouragement and for the strengthening of your hands in your future labours, to assure you, that with . it you r carry with you, what I know you value far more highly, the affectionate regards of a people, many of whom will be your joy and crown of rejoicing in the presence of our Lord Jesus Christ at his coming, and wh ise ardent desire and prayer is, that your future life n:ay b® h.a.PPy. — ^at y°.ur success in your new sphere of labour may, if possible,' exceed that with which y.rar labours have been crowned in this circuit; and tiiat when yourearthly labours shall terminate, you may enjoy the full fruition of the bliss of those who, having been instrumental in turning ' many to righte ousness, shall shine as the stars for ever 'and ever.' The Rev. Mr. Dare with considerable emotion re plied, detailing in affeoring terms his various dis couragements and successes during his four years' sojourn in this his first circuit, to which indeed he came from hjs father's house ; from the domestic cir cle. He alluded in forcible terms to those whom the Lord had given him as 'seals to his ministry,' aiid 'exhorted them all that with purpose of heart they would cleave unto the Lord.' He mentioned the anxiety be bad felt as to who was to be his successor, and the pleasure it afforded him to find in the Rev. Henry Jordan all that couid be desired; entreating his friends to encourage and hold up the hands of his beloved brother in the ministry, and concluded by tendering his cordial thanks for t he parting memorial of their affection, and for the flattering terms with which it had been presented. ' The Rev. H. Jordan addressed the meeting at con siderable length, in a speech replete with good sense and good feeling : sympathising with the friends for the loss they, were abont to sustain in the removal of their justly beloved Pastor, and be speaking for himself their assistance and prayers. tie said he had sometimes been almost led to think if there was anything in the economy of Methodism he would like to see altered, it would be the system of itinerancy, but that notwithstanding the frequont and painful severance of the relations between pastor and people which itinerancy involved, the experience of a century bad proved the system to be q;ood. The 9th and following verses of the 537th hymn, commencing ' Our souls are in his mighty hand*,' were sung, and accompanied by the excellent har monicum with which this chapel is famished, when Mr. J. Dunn, Jan., made some appropriate observa tions, and after a vote of thanks to the ladies for pro viding the excellent tea, and another to the Chair man for his conduct in the chair, the meeting separated. The chapel was filled almost to overflowing, and the occasion was one of peculiar and affecting inter est, and will not soon be forgotten. 