THE WATCIIERS ONr THIE HALTIC. fFroam ts D~aily NrC:. The month of May is always tihe season of suspeose at St. Pctcesburgh--tlt titne whlen it is said tihe restless Czar, who sleeps only by snatches, looks out, or goes forth, ulmost before anybody lsoe is stirring, to observe tite aspect of hit watery realt, and see which way the wind is. Thie suspease is about tite wind ; and even now, in this moat solemtn spring season of all the 57 he has known, tito anovesments of the wind are of osore contseruetnc e to Nirctolas than eoen those of tihe allies. A long contittnanco of strong east winds would do more for bium than oil tie preparations he can make. A ruhl of west wittd would ruin 1im sore speedily and thoroughly titn all his united enemies coaid, without its help. Tie suspense is about this. 'tto fog is tite token that the crisis is at itand. Tha fog precedes the breaking ttp of the tea in the Nevat and 'it will be succeeded by those singular twilight nights, of unequalled beauty, which are the only charm of the tdesolato region in which St. l'etersbuegh stands. Whie the fog lasts the sentinels on the asatehtoswer. in toe cits look out m vain, somne towsards the Lake .Ladoga, some up tite Nove, sotate towtards tihe ea. ILheV ran hear sontething baut see anothsing. So it is witth e Czar, listening in his balcony; n atd with tihe eommnntdautt at Sveaborg and at Constadt; and, perhatp-, scith nour '" ULharley" walking tile deck, and talking to hititself. Whsat Ite is listening for is time arrival of the Francht squaldron, which will enable Ititt to proceet to Itis work wsetn tite fog-curtain rises. What timl Russians are lisatemning for is, first, the wind. To sotmte it coattes sighing over tile petty plains wslicim stretCht to the margin of tile gulf, wheltcec itey lotk like a tmere drift upon thte water. Over thte barren bleak expanss tie wittd comes sighting through the rustes, weitt an ocrrasiotlta bark of tite wolf, or bhusts of tite ditt of the water-fowl in thte pools whttichl are already otelted. To others thte windt comes viaratiatg like moarnful music thimought the pitte forests, which surrounding the catital with thteir block belt, ttnowhere furtiter off that 20 tiles, approach inucit nearer in some directiotts. 'lilese are sounds whirth coase to tale ear on Stay nights whteat the wittd is from any pasttnt of Itte Cotn patss for there are swaatmatpas antd pine forests everywhsere. It is the voire of tise waters thtat the watchters listen for witlh hecarts that stand still. As lonug as tite htollowa ntaattittg goes on, tile tmsoaaning of the iaprisoned wittls helows tite ice, tio sutpsnam is coasplete. Sooser er later estates tite crack, which tells tihat tite Itour of cricisisi cotte. 'lhe cractks of tite ice are ta turallv most impressive, nid sound the loudest in tlle night. The Czar and his .entries are already on the watchl ; but now the citizens rise nnd look out in vain through tile fog. Some dress antd go the wharves, though it is much too soon to conjecture how high the water will rise. Next comes the crash of tho ice, driven up in heaps in tlhe river, or against tile wharves; and then the more anxious soundt-tle swash of the driven waters. The thing most desired is a moderate cast wind: and this is what usually happens. A violent east wind brings down tile inland ice and flood too fast; and every inch that the waters rise above the iron rings in the granite embankment is so mnucl danger. But the fearful thing is a strong west.wind, turning back the flood on its way to the gull'. Then it is less the swash of waters pouring down than the roar of the sea cominlg up: and wlhen the tides meet, tile conseqiueice is wlhat tile world saw ill 1S24. The vessels that were not capsized by tle meeting of tile floods were car ried over the wharves, and stranded onl the sands which were 'arable lields the day before. The nine rivets and seven canals oil whlicl St. Petersburgih is seated, ill overflowed at once ; and the flood poured into tile upper chambers of the best house- of thi capital. At Conlstadt, a large vessel was drifted into the mali street of the town, and left there. Every successive vear adds to the pcril of suchl a chance: fbr every year does St. L'etersburgli settle lower in thl swamip. Atidst tlie stagnn.t silence main tained there about all disagreeable facts, this very disagreeable tact is well understood. T'le mallet is heard driving new piles incessantly that is a sound that cannot lie iuillled. Tile blocks of granite on the quays settle uneqlually; that is anll irreglarity whicli thle martinet Czar himself cannot prolililt or punish. Thle walls of palaces crack, anud hovels sink down end ways into tile bog, tand all thle world may see thlne ltcir duwn or be shored up. The destruction will be horrible some day: and every inhabitant knows it, and only ll'opes that tile pliace may last his time, But, if the west wind should carry up-not the sea only, but those who are now riding that sea-what then? This is what tile Czar is listelinttg for; the one other sould- tie bhaoi of tcanon--whichll migt for onces rival in terror the roar of tie see.. FJromi Coistatlt, the spire of tile Admliralty and the glit tering cIupolis of St. 'etersiburgh may be seen oil It clear day. Constadt is nearer to St. Peters burght than Gravesend is to London. From St. 'c:tersburgih tilhe boom On such etlnollln as we hayv' sent there may be heard froml Constadt, if we hlave the west wind for our herald of approach. By that .time the fog will be gone, and the transparent twilight of that latitude will have set in. The admlirals will tlhen have no more time for listening like tho Czar. Such a chance al that winad would fill the channels for them, and obviate their chief diffiulty. rA er fuse hours of suclh a tide would suffice for their at tempt upon Constadt. The gun-bouts of the eneny, ambushed amoong the islaude, and watch. ing with intense curiosity antd awe the great fortifications that we hose sent against their stationary olne, most not, in suck a ease, come out, unless they would bo run downt; and the sentries ott the bastions at Cosstadt would aeo with dismay how rapidly tht ordinary water marhs arc disappearing. Such a wind would be the best of olliem. But without it, we aro disposed to believe that Constadt is, as is now Ihinted from the scene of action " not ittpreg snble."° We sear much of the eahallowo there; bitt it is ecrtaiu that tih largest Itussian oltips of war are built at St. l'etersoErg, as fior as tim tIhlls arec concerned, and then brought inito tlbs Constttdt sarisour to be fisiished. They are broughst by the old-fashioned machtinery of " canels" down the ricer, and then by ilueaus of thu great ship canal at Constadt, into the heart ofthtat place. That canal--the one run ting from sthe sMiddle larbour--Iolds ten large ships of war at ousce. Tihe shallows beforo Acre were thlotghlt to ho ats instrmountable tliflletlty before Sir Chaorlcs Napicr ttade a wreklt of that toarvellous fortification. XVe shlld soon see whether, with the added resonst ces of foitrtett years of naval improremcnt, It cannoot deal with the shallows of Coustdtlt. 'the Czar permits no sounding of thle Neva. To sound the Nera is death to Itissias sulbjcets; but it is given out that the average depth is niele feet on the ibar and twelve within. ?\e all know whisat Iohssi-n figures are worth, ancd we cny be sure that the shallowcest depth tlat can beh believed wcill be the one reported. We knom, too, tltt tCie range of( difference betwueen ite higisoost and the lowest is vecry great, and t?llt the period of hiighest water is just at hand. "Charley" knows all this and very much csorr, and wvhilc he is wealkitng the deck, and talkinsg to himsell, he hlas Isis own plans for mnking ?'iudl atmed tide to scerv him, we may ho sure. Everytlling is said to serve the Napiers (as it generally serves other peopile) when they are at their work. Andl the woatch at the other end of that gulf, who knows'o oll this, anti very mnclh more, hlosv ii it withl himP ? 1'lhuJ far in life, he Ist never heard tio trutlh on ethical sultjects--has never conceived that lIs could be in tite wrong -hls never dossbsted his being able, if he ehose his tisms well, to do what lie would, its ancd with Cthe world. Is the transparent twilight of the ot'riUg tnight the time wvhen tihe rwality of his own snind nud life is to dawn upon him? Ac the fog draws onf; is it carrying away the mists nf passion and delusion whvicil Issve hitherto elouded Iis mind? In that dim light, do the ghosts of Isis evil deeds rise before him. and promise to sit heavy on Isis soul to-morrow? I)o the hanged come down from the gallows, and the knouted up from their bloody bed; and the buried alive frosa the depths of tie mine; and the eciled from the shores of the Itolar Sea? Are the womect of Warsaw there, desnoading their children wcithi hteart-broken voices? Do the insane shake their chains at him? Can noosle and serf for once speak their minds to hiim? Does tihe " sick nian," tat dead, come and shsonv him Isis brawny arm? Is this the vigil that the despot keeps while listen' tug for the boom ofourecassnon? If so, he is call itig on all Ihis saints to Ihelp Isim. aBut to tLo hlollowt-hesrted, saints and diviner beings thans saints, are but ghosts ailso. To no great a sin tier, in the hosir hlien fear brings conviction, there is nothing preseut but Isis ains--the wchols array of them-- prosnising to '" sit heavy on his soul." 