SYDNEY POLICE COURT. Saturday. There were eight offenders on the Drunkards' List, who were dealt with in the usual manner. Protection.-Two old men, Jonathan Sandillow and Thomas Woodward, who had been apprehended, the former as a vagrant, the latter as being of unsound mind, were ordered to be sent to the Benevolent Asylum. v The Court adjourned before ten o'clock. ? Monday. There were twenty-nine persons on the Drunkards' List. I Larceny.-Henry Barker was charged with stealing £2 from Bridget Binney. The prosecutrix deposed that she resided in Pitt street, and that, ou the forenoon of Sunday, while standing in the street, she dropped on the ground a sovereign wrapped up in a £1 note. . The money was quietly taken up by the prisoner, who went off with it. The prisoner was committed for trial at the Quarter Sessions, but admitted to bail. Breach of the Police Act.-Four carters, for riding on their drays in the streets, were fined each 10s., together with 2s. öd. costs. i Obtaining Money under False Pretences.-- Chauncy Percy Scud- der, charged with the commission of the above offence, was bro.ight j up for final examinatiou. We give a summary of the evidence which extended to a considerable length. Inspector Singleton de- posed that, on the evening of Sunday, the 9th instant, he proceeded to the King's Head public-house, Lower George-street,.in order to apprehend the prisoner, on a change of.having obtained the sum of £151 from Mr. Tooth under ialse pretences'; the prisoner was in the house, hut managed to escape, leaving a carpet bag behind him; about an hour afterwards, witness arrested the prison.*!* in tlie Currency Lass public-house, .Hunter-street-; the carpet bag» .which the prisoner claimed as his property, was opened in his pre- sence, and found to contain 419 sovereigns, besides wearing ap- parel; at the watchhouse, Mr. Butts gave, the prisoner in charge for having obtained from him the sum of £(501 by false pretences. Mr. Butts deposed that he was acquainted -with the prisoner, who was a publican residing at Newcastle ; by his representations that he had purchased a property on the Liverpool Road, and that he -was in want of £600 to complete the purchase money, witness was induced to lend him money .to that amount ; prisoner promised that he would immediately conclude the transaction, and would, thereupon, hand over the title deeds of the' property to witness as seeurity ; meantime, he gave a warrant of attorney, payable on de ' maud. From the evidence of the clerk of Messrs. Mort and Co., it appeared that a property on the Liverpool Road, put up to public competition, had been knocked down to Scudder for the sum of £2,275, but that the latter had never completed the purchase, and had never paid in a sum of £600, or any other, beyond the deposit at the time of sale. It further appeared that the prisoner, under an assumed name, had sailed in the Star of the East for California, which vessel, becoming leaky, was compelled to return to port. Mr. Thurlow addressed the Bench for the defence, contending that no criminal case had been made out, and that the prosecutor was only entitled to a civil remedy. Mr. Dowling, considering that a strong prima facie, case had been made out, committed the prisoner for trial at the Criminal Court, to be held in June next. Bail was allowed in £200, with two sureties in £100 each. Mr. Dowling informed the prisoner that the charge preferred against him by Mr. Tooth was abandoned, and he would therefore discharge him from custody on that plea. Tuesday. There were twenty-four persons on the Drunkards' List. Breach of the Police Act.-Three carters, for riding on their drays in the public streets, were fined 10s., with 2s. Gd. costs. Stealing in a Dwelling.-William Smith was charged by Wm. Stephens with stealing his property. The prosecutor, who resides in Castlereagh-street, deposed that, on Saturday morning, he left in his lodgings a frock coat, in the pocket of which was a silk hand- kerchief, and a purse containing four sovereigns. On his return at seven o'clock in the evening, both purse and handkerchief were gone. Suspicion at once alighted upon the prisoner, who lodged in the same house, and was missing. On Tuesday, the prosecutor met Smith cir the Phoenix Wharf, and, charging him with the theft, gave him into custody. On the prisoner's person was found a handkerchief, which Stephens identified as his property. Com- mitted for trial at the Quarter Sessions. Wednesday. Fifteen persons were on the Drunkards' List. Assault.-James Beverstock was charged with assaulting his wife, Isabella Beverstock. It appeared that the defendant, exas- perated with his wife for losing a £1 note, proceeded to punish hel- by knockihg her down, and then heating and kicking her until she became insensible. He is in the habit of beating her, and to such an extent that she fears for her life. The defendant was sentenced to paya fine of £5, and to give sureties to keep the peace for six months, or in default to be imprisoned until the sittings of the Quarter Sessions. Assaulting a Boy.-William Neale was charged with assaulting a lUtle boy named Beard,' by twice taking him up and throwing him into a gutter. When rescued, the child was speechless and apparently insensible. Sentenced to pay a fine of £5, or to be imprisoned for two months. Breach of the Police Act.-Three Carters, for riding on their drays, were fined each 10s., with 2s. 6d. costs.-Several shopkeepers were fined for obstructing the footway- of Pitt-street with their goods.--A greengrocer, named Seaton, for keeping open shop on Sunday after ten o'clock, was ordered to pay a fine of £1, with 5s. costs. Thursday. There were fifteen persons on the Drunkards' List. Systematic Theft.-Thomas Lye, alias Bullock, was charged with ! an extensive plunder of Mr. Row, King-street, chemist and drug- gist. It appears trjat the prisoner had been for some time employed as an assistant in the shop of Mr. Row, and that on Wednesday the latter, in consequence of certain information, applied for the issue of search warrants against him, which were accordingly exe- cuted by Sergeant M'Gee. In the Room occupied by the prisoner were found a quantity of perfumery, confectionary, surgical instru- ments, spoons, &c;, all of which were claimed by Mr. Row as his property. There was also found in a bag the sum of £13 in silver. Mr. Row valued the goods at about £70 ; he had no doubt that the money also wag his, and had been filched at different times from the till. The prisoner, who offered no defense, was committed for trial. Ghost Counterfeiting.-The Court was occupied for some time with a ridiculous case in which Mrs. Agnes Atkinson and Catherine Gill were charged by Mr. William Barton with unlawfully con- spiring to cause one Mary Ann Green to array herself in a fright- ful and unnatural manner, and so habited to appear before divers persons, to their preat terror and alarm. The matter, out of which this case arose, has been already before the Police Court, and was reported in our columns. Mary Ann Green, who is a servant of Mrs. Atkinson's, has been in the habit of going out masquerading as a ghost, and on one night paying a visit to Mr. Barton's estab- lishment, frightened that gentleman's maid into a fit. On another occasion she was acting a similar part, when she was discovered by Mr. Barton, who, with the resolution of throwing cold water on her fun, took her by the neck to the sink, but was unable to pump upon her, as the water was unfortunately turned oft". Mary Ann then summoned Mr. Barton for an assault, but the case was dis- missed-a fate which also awaited Mr. Barton's charge on Thurs- day, 