I THE ORDER FOR EVENING PRAYER. I I I Let him that ministered read with a loud voice these Sentences of Scripture and after than the Exhortation Dearly beloved Brethren, &c.; I will arise and go to my Father and will say unto him, Father, I have sinned against heaven and before Thee, and am no more worthy to be called Thy son. St. Luke, xvi. 18, 19. If we say that we have no sin we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us : but if we confess our sins, He is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. 1 St. John, i. 8, 9. 3 The Hymn appointed to be used at Morning Prayer, instead of the Venice, we., shall here also be used before the proper Psalms. 3 Proper Psalms, LXXVII, and LXXXVI. ยง First Lesson, 1 Kings IX. to the end of verse 9. My soul doth magnify the Lord, &c.; St. Luke, I. 46. 3 Second Lesson, Rom. II. God be merciful unto us, &c.; Psalm LXVII. J Then the Creed, Sec, to the end of the Lord's Prayer. 2 Then the Priest, standing up, shall say, Priest, O Lord, shew thy mercy upon us Annie. And grant us Thy salvation. Priest. O Lord, save the Queen ; Answ. Who putteth her trust in Thee; Priest. Send her help from Thy holy place, Annie. And evermore mightily defend her. Priest. Let her enemies have no advantage against her Answ. Let not the wicked approach to hurt her. Priest. Give peace in our time, O Lord ; Answ. Because there is none other that fighteth for us, but only Thou, O God. Priest. Lord, hear our prayer ; Answ. And let our cry come unto Thee. I Instead of the First Collect for Evening Prayer, the First Collect at Morning Prayer shall be read. ยง Then the Second and Third Collect at Evening Prayer. O God, from whom all holy desires, To. Lighten our darkness, &c.; J Then the People shall say, after the Minister ; Tuns Thou us, O good Lord, and so shall we be turned. Be favourable, O Lord, Be favourable to Thy people, who turn to Thee in weeping, fasting, and praying. For thou art a merciful God, full of com- passion, long suffering, and of great pity'. Thou sparest, when we deserve punishment and in Thy wrath, thou thinkest upon Morey. Spare Thy People, good Lord, spare them, and let not thine heritage be brought to confusion. Hear us, O Lord, for Thy Mercy is great, and after the multitude of Thy Mercies look upon us, through the merits and mediation of Thy blessed Son Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. } Head the usual Prayers to the end of that "For the Clergy and People." I Instead of the Prayer in time of War and Tumults, the same as used at Morning Prayers shall be read. } Then the Prayer for the Safety of our Fleets, as at Morning Prayer. $ Then the Prayer for this Church and Kingdom, and the Prayer for our Enemies, as in the Communion Service. ยง Then the Prayer for the High Court of Parliament and the Prayer for all Conditions of Men. J Then the Prayer, We humbly beseech Thee, most merciful God, be, as at Morning Prayer. 9 A Prayer of St. Chrysostom. Almighty God, who hast given us grace, at this time, with one accord, to make our common supplica- tions, unto Thee and dost promise, that when two or three are gathered together in Thy Name Thou will grant their requests ; Fulfil now, O Lord, the desires and petitions of Thy Servants, as may be most expedient for them ; granting us in this world knowledge of Thy truth, and in the world to come life everlasting. Amen. The Grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the fellowship of the Holy Ghost be with us all evermore. Amen, \-- 