CENTRAL POLICE COURT. Wednesday Before the Police Magistrate, with Mr. Egan, Mr. ' Hill, and Mr. Peek. There wero twenty persons charged with drunken- ' ness : Two deposited 40s. on becoming sober at the lock-up, by way of bail, one of whom forfeited it by non-appearance at the Court, and the other on plead-, big guilty was fined 20s. ; one was ordered to be for- warded to the Benevolent Asylum, and the remainder were fined 20s., with the cells as the alternative for non-payment. ! On the free list were fourteen charges, of which three were dismissed and one was remanded. I Thomas Fitzgerald was charged with riotous con- duct in the George-Strert market. Constable Wright deposed that about two o'clock yesterday afternoon he was on duty in York-street ; he found the prisoner in the market-place in a state of excessive excitement, though he did not seem to be drunk ; he was brandishing a piece of iron, and threatening to strike any one who dared to approach him ; used the same threat to witness, who went for assistance, and took him into custody. Mr. Keck, clerk of the market, corroborated the con- stable's evidence. Sentenced to pay a penalty of 20s., or to be imprisoned for seven days. Fitzgerald was then charged with having assaulted Constable Wright, on being taken into custody for the offence above named, was committed, and sentenced to , pay a further penalty of 20s., with 2s. 6d. costs, or to be imprisoned for a second period of seven days. John Harris Williams was charged with having ' assaulted Mr. Toogood, of the Rainbow, Pitt-street, Mr. Toogood deposed that last evening, an altercation took place in his house between defendant and some other persons, one of whom broke a tumbler ; he required payment of the person who destroyed his property, who refused compliance with the demand ; defendant, however, agreed to pay for it, and did so ; on leaving tho house ho wished complain- ant good night, at the same time delivering a blow with his fist on complainant's check, which sent him ' reeling among n number of other persons who were standing hy and prevented lum from falling Guilty. To pay a penalty of 10s., or to be imprisoned for twenty-four hours. | John James Denham, about nine years of age, was ? charged with having maliciously set tire to some pack- ing cases, at the rear of Messrs. Haege and Prell's stores, York-street. Some young rascals, of whom Denham was one, had procured a supply of pipes and , cigars, in order to enjoy which, on Tuesday afternoon, they retired to this out-of-the-way place ; ' some shavings, or other loose inflammable ยก material by some means'became ignited, and the flames communicated to some packing cases ; this weis the only boy of the number who was apprehended. " It wasn't me, sir," said the boy, " it was mylittle brother what set fire to the boxes." There was no prosecution, and the boy was discharged to his mother. James Jessy was charged with stealing money. Constable M'Cabo deposed that about 2 o'clock in the morning he received the prisoner in charge for stealing money j on Beaching him bo found ยฃ3 5s. lOd. wrapped up in two pieces of paper, which he produced. Mr. William Mair, master of the brig Anna Dixon, deposed that he knew the prisoner, who had taken his passage in the brig for Adelaide ; late last night he lay down to sleep, partly undressed, having in his trousers'pocket a smtilt sum of money in sovereigns and Rilver, the exuet amount ho did not recollect, wrapped in two pieces of paper, one of which ho identified, having made upon it a business memorandum ; between 1 and 2 o'clock he was awoke by one of the passengers, and in consequence of what was told hioi, examined his pockets, when he discovered the loss of his money ; ho went on deck and found the prisoner on the bowsprit calling for a boat to convey him on shore. Mr. Smithurst, a passenger on board the Anna Dixon, ' bound for South Australia, deposed that, between 1 and 2 o'clock in the morning he and some other cabin passengers were walking the deck ; he looked into the cabin, saw the captain asleep on the stern locker j giw the prisoner unbutton the Captain's trousers pocket, draw it out, and take > up a paper parcel, which he took to the light, opened, and then deposited in his own pocket ; witness said that the paper contained specie, but how much he had no idea ; witness called ano- ther cabin passenger to witness what was going on ; pri- soner then returned to Captain Marr, and examined the other pocket of his trousers, and then walked on deck, witness having in the mean time sent some person to awake Captain Marr; prisoner on reaching the deck said, addressing Idmself to one of the passen- gers, " I am not going to stop here any longer ; come ashore and take a glass of grog with me ;" and passed on forward to call a boat for that purpose ; prisoner -.- lu.--MM-A^SJ was not sober. Committed to take his trial at the Central Criminal Court in June next. George Casey was convicted of having 'stolon four' dishes.of the value of 5s., from thekiti,' the landlord of the Shakespeare. TavcrW, Pitt-street,' snd received sentence of vtu with hard labour a,*" Darlinghurst. Mr. William Barton, of Cumberland-street, appeared' to answer the information of a young woman, named Green, who charged him with having on last Friday morning assaulted and beat her. It appeared that the complainant, who is a servant in an establishment within a few doors of Mr. Barton's residence, on Friday evening, proceeded to Mr. Barton's house to see a female who had been a fellow-servant, and "for the fun of the thing," habited herself in a sheet, smearing her cheeks with whiting, so as to come as near as her fancy would permit to the appearance which, she imagined, is presented by ghostly visitants at the witching hour of night. Mr. Barton, unfortunately for her, but perhaps fortunately for his children, found her on his premises in this dis- guise, and very properly administered a summary cas- tigation. This was the assault complained of. The Bench thought it was quite unnecessary to call on Mr. Johnson (who appeared on behalf of Mr. Barton) to reply to the charge, as shown by the defendant's own testimony, and dismissed the complaint. Mr. Johnson said that it would, perhaps, be of service that the com- plainant should be informed that to personate a ghost is an indictable offence, and she would see the neces- sity of avoiding a repetition of such pranks. 