QUEEN VICTORIA DEFIED. The Russian Friga'.el Aurora and Naravin have been allon-etl to enter Portsmouth for*the purposes of repair. Some of tlic sa lon belonging to those ships, not l-cliatiing the service in which they had been compulsorily enaged demanilcd to leave. Six ol them procdcd towards London, and hud nearly reached Guilford, when they were overtaken by an fficer of the Kussian frigate Aurora, nr_eo;u' periled by an inspector nf police, and they wereGOOU brought back by railway to Portsmouth. Here they were placed on board the English ship Victorious, that vessel having been placed at the disposal ofthe Captain ol the Aurora for the accommodation of himself and rew during the cxccutioo of tlic repairs required • by their Frigat! Aurora. The deserter* were ubmitted there to vcvece cotporal punishment. These infractions of the Inws of England became known in London. Persons proceeded to Portsmouth to ascertain tlic circumstances of the case, and on their instructions, an affidavit made in due form, and a writ of " habeas corpus was issued by Mr. Justice Wrightman, directed to Rear Admiral Martin, tlic Admiral Snperintcndant of Dockyard at Portsmouth, 4 as such commanding all the ships in ordinary in that harbour; to Captain Edward ilinton Scott, the captain of Guard-ship of the Ordinary ; to Captain Iwan Niko'.njewciz Izehneticw, commanding tlic Russiian Frigate Aurdra, and to any other person having the custody of the sailors in question (their names being set out at length), commanding them in the name of the Queen of England, to have the bodies ofuthc said sailors immediately before the l*>rd Cliicf Justice of England. On this writ being Bervcd, however, all the parties evaded aecepting or obeying it, on various prclcnoes. It now remains to bo seen whether Kussian officers can with impunity despise the authority cf the Queen of this realm. Also whether the Queen's uniform can exempt Rcar- Admiral Martin and the other naval ofliccrs Portsmouth who are concerned. — Daily A'ews. A whole family named Eeclcs, residing -a aughcroie, near Lisaddt, in Sligo, have been swept away by glanders. The lather purchased a horse some i time ago at a fair in Mayo, infcctcd with this distemper; he soon afterwards took the disease trom the beast, his wife and four children caught it, and they all died in great agony. We have heard tlia two girls, living at a place called Windup Gap, about two miles from Sligo, have also been lost by this dieadful dsisorder. If tlic magistrates have the power, they ought [to dirccL all horses having the glandours instantly shot. BUEAH MADE BV llncutNEav.—According to the last report ol tho Academic des Sciences, a baker named Holland lias at length succeeded in constructing machinee for making bread; machines which will it is hoped have the effect eventually of still further cheapening this necessary of Jife. by one of these machines the dough is perfectly kneeded, without heating the man who guides it, and with less than one liorso power. The other is a new kind of oven, with a-circular moving base in iron, heated by a wood or -coal lire underneath. The heat and smoke pass round the walls-of tho oven and over the top. 'J be loaves aro put into this oven with great facility, as its buse turns round, aDd the woikmen can always watch the progress of the baking through a glazed aperture, which is furnished inside with a icflccting light. A philosophic and self-possessed ship captaiu was passing through a churchyard at midnight, when a-sheeted ghost rose up behind a tombstono aud approached him with menacing gestures. The ancient mariner cooly raised hiB stick and gavo him a crack over the Eide of the head, asking him what he meant by being out of his grave at •a liLto a.u Lour I SINK on SWIM.—The Royal 'Australian Mail Steamer is evidently quite unfit ior service, and should uo longer be permitted to take the mail to sea; but as a thorough malum iu se," it ought at once to ba declared a "malum prohibitum." How to find out when it is high-water.— Go into tho cabin of ouoof the Australian .Mail Steamers. 