v Iris.,' ' ,',rUU FAST DAY. The XUV; fu Uuutrui, llmnuATioi AND Pair sa ' ' ''l no Following '. this form of prayer appointed by the I 'Illthisk to be used IcdaytitUie oburohasacd places of .wierrlilp throughtout the diocese, being the day named Ï) his Excellency the Llotiteiiant-UoTei-.or of Vic 19 via for general humiliation and prayer for the Di ' Near blessing and assistance, in the war wherein we are r" I t gaged, and for the restoration of peace. my name, on stoariiMQ myself. the Service shall be the same with Um usual Oilljs li, for Ikilydayt, except where it is in this Office other were appointed. A; the unusual cement of the Service These Sentences of Scripture! '' ' 1 will arise Ludgate my Father: and will lay up.) I -think, Father, I have aland against heaven, and before , 'Jl . f, king am no more worthy to be called! '1 Fyson If we say But we have no sin, we deceive ourselves, rid the walls is not in us: but If we shift.! our sins, He is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. ..... , lo»tcadt.ftlio 1'oiiííMiiíírmiH) Hear -my prayer, O God s and hide not Thyself from a DU-jiutltion. /....,1'lt.U heed unto me and hear it now we mourn In a ; tiUnl'Myur and severed. ""and "hcvjrllieleiattiuughlamsoaittunMi.rrald! yet pit I may trust In Uni. v Its very) It our strength and our salvation: II) Is ?' grain titles', so that we shall not grouty fall. 'The Lord is Klaebe the earth never uiiqnkeL Ti' to" it It girl in blue, and high above all people. The waves of the sea are mighty and rage horribly j , Jail this Lord »hodaelluth, on high is mightier. , , , U put your trust In lllrualwsy, ye people: pour out , in our hearts before him, for toil is our last). ' At torthoohililreu of men they are but vanity the , J tlUOnn of men are deceitful upon the heights, the , i.r1r,.V/iMthecUgliterthaii VAuitylesolf. to find nothing wrong and robbery: give uni year. tells unto vanity: of riches increase, set not your . limit upiiiUicm. Lo Thou. a Clod, our hours trouble; for vain is the) lies of man. ... i - Help us, O' God of our salvation, for the glory of Thy name: O deliver us and be merciful to our sim, For Thy name sale, The Lord shall give strength unto his people : The Lord shall give his people the blotting of peace. Glory be to the Father, is. . Al It was in the beginning, to. Proper Psalms L. and I.I. , First Lotion, Daniel IX. 11 the end of Verse It. is Danu. . Second Lesson. St. Matt-, chap. III. Verses 1.13. . . Then Ute Uenidiclm, to. , a ,,, After the Lord s Prayer ; Front O Lord, thou thy men upon it ; " Aust. And grant us Thy salvation. First. I) Und,saiailiv<jue.<ii; , Army. Wins puUeiti for nutt In Thee. Fresh. Sound nor help trout lb) holy place i Arise. And ever near nightly attend her. '" ' friend. Li' her armies into the tuliniUrfO against ? . Inri Alf. Let not the war had approach to hurt her. left (1 we lincoln our time, O Lord AAP. Because there is time either that politely says so, but only firm, O Odd. Jillett. Lord, iiiArniir prayer t Aiuw. And let our cry come unto 1 fair' full and entire ("Int Collect for Morning Pray er ¡ hazards Oil Almighty, who ord rose all things lots in. reason and partly i come down, so beseech 'J hole, in the chair unto thy servants, nh) turn unto line train line at It still, And humbly jiokThy lover and per gallon. We confess, O Lord, that in lately II just s . . laioduiorvid Ihineaii er, and have failed is, in -knot in' turn which 'the minutest Justly requlro»tour turns in the UAII'IIAI t>lli»l.gs which we have in laying II Jo) e'. Ve li IV coloured 1 here by d's 'hell are) 11 . 11.) cu-iinmiidinenlr, and by neglect of the Word in I truant "rays and if Thou wert to deal with in in the hills to our our hearts, we might justly fair I'll writes HMS 1 i', II army who has rev and Thyti If as a to 11 ,lii),i'ii,g is still)', trAiitgtoaalon, and the, wo prt, r, club it is not into judgment with Thy servants w i., t . w humble our selves before Thee. O reniouiLer to 1 rust and dust and other ! Lol m. fill Into Thy hands. for Thy churches are great, and that into the hands of uni. MI teach and try us, that we now learning not only real) ehaslliomeii'-s to e»uuilnonur raised that III. TIUM by lively repentant e. sprinter forces in. . hides I lillie Almighty stones, out Thy i. Ill In the grey is , (f i in', all time in which we are now massed. issued a , ' we pray Thee, still sultry, and discuss generous It vlih'iiiiiiilltyjuitkr, ahdcluiliy, Enable us by Thy Holy Spirit to wall! at brooM i U.t-lUeclptes o! my dear Son, and to discharge, HALL In its history, our duties as, our Queen and our country. And nerve all, In ever..' UU|tiii.Mlon of Thy Is our, Earlier it hoof parent) or Mierilty, insists not 1 a pent- litartshbju this letter should lo'lliitiohoAvaily Aliigdom, already pain and sorrow, and star, And here I, shall be no more, and where alone true joys are to be found. These and all other mercies we humbly beg, net for our own worthiness, but from Thy love, and through the merits and mediation of Thy blessed Sim our Lord, to whom with Thee and the Holy Ghost to all honor and glory, now and for ever. A rum. After the prayer. We humbly beseech Thee, do., the people still say after the Minister, Turn Huon m, O good 10d, and to we shall be turned. The favorable, O Line, to favoMble te) Thy 1 people, who turn and live in weeping, fasting, man pray ii. I "i Thou art a. merciful tied, full of roiufuetiln , South sulTciInn, and of trade pity. Iii.usi-tien, team v, please |ui.Ulimoiit: and In Thy rule, him thither upon mary. HpAm Thy people, laid in.!. one officer, still living thine heritage be brought in 'Mauritian, Hear us, <) Und, totally times Is great ; still either the multitude of Thy morally Iii k opinion, that ah the music and niulUtloii of 'J and blowing a > i seems Cliilstmir Und. Among t dividend of the ['Mayurra 1 line of War and rum di- . II Aluuxhl) l.iM.MuMu of the US iVUsi, and Day's. It's Dlspoher i r that Ititrsot run, a; whole evening a I i mines and CHILD are rise and will, flourish and to my i are 'riili.uiiiianrlliyscrsaiits most humbly implore Thy i admit aid and protection. AVo Hen with flies in the me In this time of peril and I replied!), all it, It ill 'near.! the airfield and Indrpeiileiiopur settling in > v . ri'ti'teie'd through itniruvokid nK.;iim|. h, to i J . I? am billin calamities of war. Nuiubiulo so ', learn 'that', 'little especial 1'iu'u.liiii In our Lux' Mine is Svverolgn Dlnut her cousins, paper a I , 111 insisting for the welfare of the kingdom, and the ' arrived off tlio(Jliurcli aiulcltll«'uistliAltm. At it the formal revision, nor any other of ii 'uni pn.iieulhns of mu nation, claimed it' . IKII'III for the public good, or bring home to But, invites upon us. Bless her uitiitti.llhir» w ill with a n. Bible in eiutiiiiaudMH, both harsh and land, side MIT and his letters! and lovely Hiern, amid nil In, hall and hardships, to alan- thrill In their lives and with.) the wilful duties ninlgwoiaot L'iiilMltn nil. and:, t) p hair rising In all their doings with Play the: 11 in four r our protection. And Christ we pray 'Thee, I) merciful Father, in the Uni to turn them that itbOtipnttalii'lti!, Empire n Paris, until the hearts of our ABORTION, still in low In ci, Let us do anything through write, or print, in. this fair) , But teach us to ho luck and IIIOMIIUI, visits li null and full of v industrious. And In But Hilll li UO millhand!,, U, uo pill)' 'Hills', Hills A G M o id irmi^nuspiieo, as may tend to the Ithuriel in hills', In the honor and snowing our S ifiMl|(.ia.i In dealing as, it is In the common welfare of many m I ii in- on, 1.1 merciful Father, and help "> shilling tin can or need, for care claim of Jesus Christ Thy Hun air l.ml.iMHiin. \- .. Ilioimiiiayerrortnoiafetyoft.iir fleeing, 0 eternal Lord One, whose voice, nativity In ninetieth, .beragln«»to«IUIJUmsleriny ulmUoboyi stirred my shall guide 'the mariner In safety Uiroiith tim traditions die i iotoln',*o Utioüirilno,Into Thy gracious till th'li.hlyi loUi'Uon,t|iu lieoU nt Thy»oitaiiiours n ' . . it In, the minds of our strenuous, and the persons in all ' 'lhtH'vwliiik»'\olutlillil, receive their ItJtu the perils of Uni went, out in the tllurUiiflliti valley, and plain in. time i'riildlieaioliiillilaiitalliuates|tliattlii'yniii] claim ' >' In "misty, and cKimifd, li It lie Thy naval pressure will benefit by (their enterprise, ki unity Um ticketing ' ii'lt.elr.uiillvulaniJi all, with UwtiMul Uiutu.W.s >n of Thy morotai, to unite with their brethren la render Ing praise and glory to Thy holy name, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Aram. Before the Plays of St. Chrysostom. . We humbly beseech Thee, most merciful God, that by Thy grace Thou wouldst troop alive in us, who have this day presumed to Implore Snob great blessings of Thy hands, a conjoint Maid of Thy presence,' and of our dependence upon Thee. Buffer m not to call down 7\. bins anger by sinfulness and disobedience, nor to yield to those evil passions and control which might justly incur Thy wrath and indignant at Bitsavfi,, OQodi save us, not only from our worldly, but also from our spiritual inemlMi for the take of Jesus Christ our Lord, aimed " rai ooMirnnoti scenes, After the Prayer for the Queen, Almighty God, Act, shall be and the Collect for the Day as In the morning. A , Prayer, O Lord God Almighty, to. For the Epistle. Jeremiah vii. verses 1.7. The Gospel. St.Luksxvlll.O.U. After the Prayer for the Whole State of Christ's Church militant, to, the following shall be used. A Prayer for this Church and Kingdom. Blessed Lord, who has manifested Thy goodness to this kingdom by an unusual period of prosperity and peace, now unhappily disturbed, we beseech Thee to pro stn e In our minds a grateful sense of Thy past mercies. Take away from us, O Lord, and pride and hardness of heart, all neglect of Thy ordinances and contempt of Thy word endure us with a spirit of petty anddorotloo, of justice and temperance, of humility end charity, ball of all the graces which adorn the Christian profession. that Thou mayest delight to dwell amongst us, and do us good and that the blessings which we have so long; enjoyed, both spiritual and temporal, may through Thy providence be continued to in and our posterity for J ci us Christ's sake, our only Mediator and Advocate. And, A Prayer for our Enemies. O Lord and heavenly Father, who would not that any should perish, but that all should come to report ance, who hast commanded us to love our enemies, au J to pray for them which despitefully use us ; have mercy, no beseech Thee, upon our adversaries In the present war. Deliver them from the guilt of ambition and blood, and dispose their hearts to domeney and Justice. Visit them, we pray Thee, with thy spiritual blessings ; with reverence for Thy holy name, Thy word and ordinances j and grant them to grow in grace, and in the knowledge of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, and in all charity and godliness of living. 