LATEST NEWS. The Raven arrived from Sydney on Monday last, bringing a mail to the 28th ultimo, and we have been favoured by Capt. Brown with a Sydney paper of the 29th The Indian Queen, arrived at Port Phillip, had spoken at sea the Almora, bound from Liverpool to Portland Bay, and had from her obtained nome English papers to the 27th Janu- ary. The intelligence thus received is further connected with the previous news by advices received at Hobart Town, via Mauritius, to the 24th January The lubäfance.of the Emopeaii news wiU^be found in the fourth page of this issue It'will be seen that tbjV'four-powers". had «gain induced the Sultan to repeat the farce of negotiating ; but if reliance can be placed upon the anticipated answer of the Czar, it mast be pUra^that no resource is left but war.\ Any patching up~of "the quarrel could only be a mere temporary expedient, and no time, in our opinion, could bo bettor chosen than the* present for pat- ting to the arbitrament of the sword those great questions which sooner or later must surely he decided in that way. It will be seen that one of the Lords of the Admiralty has spoken plainly enough to the crow ot H.M S Thetis On the arrival of Dr. Lang in Sydney, some of his supporters there waited upon him, and ascer- tained that as he had promised to sit for Stanley if elected, which appeared almost certain, he could not accept a seat for Sydney. In his place Mr. Henry Parkes, of the Empire newspaper, was again put forward, and nightly "Ward meet- ings" were being held all over the city by his friends and, those of Mr. Kemp, the latter of whom seemed to have the best of It. A murderous assault had been committed upon Dr. Cuthill, a well know medical practitioner in Sydney. He was returning in his gig from visiting a patient at Cook's river, when he was shot in the back by a ruffian who had stationed himself on the road for the purpose, armed with a pistol. The unfortunate gentleman got out of the gig, and walked into a neighbouring house, but was soon overcome, and on medical attend- ance being procured, there appeared too much reason to fear that the ball had entered the lungs. The latest intelligence reported the wounded man is lying in a hopeless state—his dissolution hourly expected. The murderer had been ap- prehended. His name is James Gray, and he Is stated to he labouring under mental aberration, and to fancy that Dr. Cuthill, who had formerly attended him, had purposely mismanaged his case. It will be seen from the Bank of New Sooth Wales Report, in another part of this issue, that the munificent sum of £1000 has been presented by the Directors to the widow of the late Secre- tary, Mr. Baillie. It was reported that Lieutenant-Governor La Trobe intended to take his departure in the Golden Age, which vessel would leave Melbourne on the 5th and Sydney on the 10th instant for Panama. This, however, would be contingent upon the state of affairs on the arrival of the steamer Bosphorus, which was by some ex- pected to bring out Sir Charles Hotham. Ia the case of Wilkie against Macarthur, for slander, as lately reported in this journal, a new trial bad been moved for, but was refused. The late master of the steamer West Wind, W. J. Smith, had been tried at Melbourne on the charge af setting fire to that vessel, and was ac- quitted. The Sydney police reports furnished an instance of a mischievious freak on the part of a woman servant in the employment of a Mrs. Atkinson, of Cumberland- street. This young lady, having dressed herself in a sheet, whitened her face, and otherwise imitated the received description of a disembodied spirit, went to several houses in the town, and frightened some of the inhabitants nearly as much as they seem to be terrified by the dread of Russian invasion. Having paid one or two visits to the house of Mr. Barton, of nusance to that gentleman, who summoned her mistress to the Police Office, where Mr. Johnson, for the prosecution, made a long speech, quoting the celebrated case of the Cock Lane Ghost, in London. The case, however, was dismised, as there was no proof that Mrs. Atkinson had taken any part in the hoax. The Sydney market reports quote flour still at £28 for fine and Ü2C ior seconds. The following particulars are from the mercantile article in the Herald of April 29th - In wools very little has been done during the week. At Messrs. Mort's produce sale on Thurs- day there were very few superior wools, the ma- jority of the lots being old and inforior. 19JL was given for one good con litioncd paroel of 36 bales. Prices may be quoted a3 follows -Su- perior, Is. 5d. to Is. 8d. ; fuir io good, Is. 3d to Is. 5d. ; low to middling, Is. Id. to Is. 2d ; grease, 6d. to 8d. ; looks, &o; , 6d to Is. ; hanJ washed, 104. to Is. 61. ; soourod, Is 51. to Is. lOd. Thara is const Ierable de-nind for tho best mut toi an i beaf tvllo». Priées- Bief, 50s. to 53!. ; m ifctai, 53i. to 553 ; station, 40s, to 48s. ; hi les. 5-;. to 11s Si. eaoh ; shoopskins, 3d. to6d. per lb. It will be aaoi by roferenoe to the weekly cir ) ii ir of Messrs. Mort and Co., that considerable miss of stock, with stations, have bean made by* thom. The following are the names of the sta- tions, and the quantities of stock in each :-Rose- wood station, Moreton Bay, with 12,000 sheep, £10,000; Callandoire, Darling Downs, 30,000 sheep, £1 per head, £30,000 ; Muttama, Lachlan 26,054 sheep, at 15s., £19,990 5s. ; 1200 head of cattle, at 49s., £2400; Moogerah, Moreton Bay, 7300 sheep, at 15s., £10,950; Yabtree, Lachlan, 14,178 sheep, at 12s., £8506 16s. ; 1000 .cattle a mixed herd, 40s. per head ; Geralgoambith station, without stock, £200. The total result of these stock sales is £106,447 «d. In wines, spirits, and Eastern produce, an unusually large «ele was effected to-day by Messrs. Bowden and Threlkeld, at the stores of Messrs. Gilchrist, Watt, and Co. The prices realised were m follow :-Quarter-boxes sardinos 10s. per dozen; half ditto 15s. ditto, j-lb tins lobsters 12s. 6d, ditto, ¿-lb. tins salmon 15s. 6tf. ditto, i-lb mustard 6s. 6d- ditto ; English cheese, io tins, 8¿d, per lb ; boxes congou tea 27s., ditto" souchong 25s. ; eau de Cologne 4s,.3d. per, box ; lavender water Us. 6d. to 20s. ditto; Baird and Co.'s bottled ale Wa. 6d. per dozen ; Elliot's bottled porter 9s. ditto ; Taylor's porter, draught, £5 ; Elliot's ditto £4 2s. 6d. ; sherry wine, in hogsheads, 6s. 3d. to 6s. Cd. per gallon ; ditto quarter-casks 6s. 3d. to 6b Gd. ditto ; ditto in bond, 4s. 4d. ditto; ditto in bottle 20s. per dozen ; port in quarter-casks, 6b. Sd. to 7s. 3d. per gallon ; ditto in bottle, 1. 2, and 3 dozen cases, 23s. to 25s. per dozen ; pale brandy, in bond, 18s. to 19s. per case ; dark ditto, in nogs heads, 9s. per gallon (no brand) ; pale ditto 8s. 3d., ditto; champagne, various, 23s. 6d. to 2Cs. 6d. per dozen; old tom, in cases, 17s. to 17s, Cd. per dozen ; raspberry syrup, half pints, 4s. Id. In beers, »large parcel was also sold to-day by Messss. Purkis aqd Lambert : Byass' Burton ale from 55s. to 70s. An advertisement in the Empire notifies that Messrs William Pettigrew à Co., of this town, will sell by auction their steam saw mills, on or .bout the 21 st Juno next. Tho Legislative Council of-Van Diemen's Land was re-opcned by the Lieutenant- Govcrnor on tho 18th ultimo. We observo that many complaints aro mado in Melbourne and Hobart Town, of thu quantity of bad American flour tha.t is in the hands of dealers there. There hu long been cause for. similar complaint in Brisbane, and tho legislator who would bring in an Act to subject all flour to the scrutiny of a competent Inspector, would descire the thank s of tho colonists. 