THE EPISCOPAL CONFERENCE AND ITS RESULTS, As we remarked in our last issue, the hold ing of an English Church Conference is not indeed a “new thing under the sun,” but in our days it has come to he rather an unwonted one. A real, bona fide, working .conference—a conference which docs not only meet and read prayers for the guidance of the Hqly Ghost, and then disperse with out asking seriously whether the Holy Ghost may not have some work for it also lo do for the good of the Church or the world—one which secs, and acts on the sight, that their meeting is in no wise to he a mockery,—that it, too, has its mission upon fjip QtU'th, and will do it,— such a s : ght as this, hating some awkward attempts made of late by Exeter’s proud prelate, the world has hardly seen fo many years. And wc, for our parts, are ncanc I on.the whole to look hopefully on the effort that has been made to have it revived on our shores, and not to withhold our humble God speed to the Bishop of Melbourne and his coadju jiitors-in this, what wc shall not hesitate to call .good work. Thu plan!, indeed, though far come, docs not seem to take unkindly to the soil—is fitted, wo rather think, with a few primings and changes, to this its new scene of growth, and with proper culture may bo made to yield the fairest fruits. As somewhat in the Presbyterian interest ourselves, we are disposed to look with hearty interest on an ecclesiastical assembly which bears so many points of resemblance, to that form of^ church government wc love —tho administration of church affairs by Presbyteries, Synods, and General Assem blies, which has ever been the glory of the Scottish Kirk. In the Conference, as in tho Presbytery, wo have the mixture of the lay and clerical elements, both sitting in union to deliberate and to decide on the affairs of the church. And if we look on the Bishop as only Moderator [perpetual as ho no doubt is), if we take the priesthood as nothing more than ministers, and if tho lay members can be regarded as being ns safe and proper assessors in an ecclesiastical court as the Scottish Eldership, wo have very much the same sort of representation of the Church as the Presbytery or the Synod offers. But to our mind, it is-just those points in which Conference differs from Presbytery, that constitute the great danger and stumbling block in the way of the former, over which it will require much caution and care to keep it from falling. Of the Moderator perpetual we w ill not speak, ns wc know that to ho a sort of prime necessity in a prclatic church. It is the lay element in the Conference that is most liable to abuse. The lay members of Conference have no ecclesiastical character or standing, as they have in Presbyterian churches. They are simply representatives of the several congre gations or parishes, elected for the sole .pur pose of representing in Conference such congregation or parish. So far as we know, there is nothing needful in tho way of quali fication save a man’s own certificate of membership of the Church of England. We observe, at least, that for membership of the Synods, which the ißishop, by the proposed Act adopted in Conference, is empowered to summon, that is all that is needful. In the Presbyterian form of Church Government, every lay member of Presbytery or Synod is of necessity an ordained and working elder, chosen by the congregation, and set apart by a solemn service to the work of the eldership, and forming one of the Congre gational Kirk Session, whose office it is, with the minister, to rule and administer the affairs of thq. Church, He is ua ecclesiasti cal office-bearer as truly as the pastor him self. By his office, he holds a regular place in one church court, namely the Kirk Ses sion, and is eligible for membership in any other. And when the Scottish elder leaves hie farm, his merchandise, his workshop, to attend the meeting of Presbytery, he goes as himself a Presbyter—not to a meeting whoso objects and whose forms of proceed ing are unknown to him, hut as a member, indeed, to deliberate on the affairs of Christ’s Church, he liimself holding office in the same. Very different it is in tho case of the English Conference or Synod. Each con gregation sends up fVs own representatives, without taking much, care to ascertain their fitness, electing, haply, the first who presents himself. The member elected may have very little tho spirit fitting him to represent any part of Christ’s body in a church court. Ho may have much that shows him to be one not the best fitted for the office. But there is little remedy. Once elected, he must sit. And if he be a man, us he may he, careless in his walk, or not distinguished for godliness in his conversation, ho may be the means of sadly hampering the work of God. And where tho lay clement musters so strong, it is quite possible that in the end the Synod may come to ho mo?c of a political than an ecclesiastical nature—a place where worldly considera tions weigh more than spiritual, where it will not be tho p incipal concern to advinio the kingdom of Christ. Tho principal thing under tho .considera tion of Conference was a Now Bill for the constitution of the Church. It. is far too long for distinct and definite examination by us hero. On tho whole, we note it as a most hopeful thing that the. English Church in this colony is doing anything, or trying to do anything, regarding its constitution at all. In England itself this matter of Church Constitution, which surely, more than most things, needs mending, is just the tiling that ean’t get mended. There Imve been so many kings in England, Edwards and Henrys, Jameses and Georges, all of whom did something for the church, each of whom, since the Reformation, considered himself and no other to be the head of the church ; that their various decisions, acts, laws. &c.;, attempts at a constitution, have made it at last to’ be a thing well nigh past the finding out what the constitution of the English Church actually is. La allah il alhih ! 1 here is no God but God, and Queen Vic toria or Canterbury’s Archbishop, we arc not accurately certified which, is His Pro phet. So far we are sure ; hut for the rest, we can got no information. Trying to get some gleams of information, wo have been met with such contradictory answers—the one we ask to-day so flatly gainsaying what' we heard so plainly staled by another yes terday—such a decided yes from Lambeth answered by such a furious wo from Exeter, —that at last we have been forced to the rather’reluctant conclusion that the English Church, as it now exists in England, has no constitution at all worth the being consti tuted ou. And it is an immense relief to us to sec here, plainly sot down on black and white, so that ho who runs may read, a series of clauses which it requires no very deep lawyer’s wit to understand the mean ing of, embodying what is to be the consti fu ion of the Episcopal Church in Victoria. There may be—there arc, things in it, which we cannot sympathise or agree with. Wo think’the power committed to the Bishop of refusing license to candidates for the minis try, without any appeal to other authority, is a most dangerous one —an approach to a sort of Papal domination, painful to us to contemplate. In unworthy or questionable hands, the Episcopate might thus prove utterly ruinous' to the Episcopal Church. To the future Synods, to bo convened under the New Constitution, our remarks on the Conference itself do also appply. Wo of course, as Presbyterians, not recognising any higher authority in the see of Canter bury than in the sec of Cut-Paw-Paw, can be expected to have but small sympathy With that clause which preserves the Church hero in subordination to a Bishop twelve thousand miles away. Why should not the Episcopal Church here he as independent of all others as the Presbyterians are of the churches from which they originally came ? In the main, however, wo find less to blame in this Bill than might have been expected. We don’t see many evidences that the Episcopalians regard themselves as “ the Church,” —the Established Church of the colony, from which all other sects are to be regarded as Dissenters. Not much, we are glad to say, of the “ we are the men, and wisdom shall die with us ” sort of thing, which'has often made the English Church, both at home and in the colonics, so offen sive to the non conforming brethren. Th; re are other Churches here beside it, and we rejoice to see that the Episcopal dignitaries of Victoria do not forget that. It has been a point which Episcopal dignitaries in other parts of the world have been slow to understand or act ou. It is a point, their misunderstanding of which has resulted in serious consequences, both to their own Church, and to the Church of Christ gene rally, throughout the colonies, introducing heart-burnings and jealousies among those who should have lived together ns brethren, and serving as a stumbling-block in the way of the advancement of God’s kingdom. It is a thing to he thankful for that it is not so here. And we are thankful that the Bishop of Melbourne is a man who does not look coldly on the efforts of fcdlow-Clms tians, though they call themselves not by the same name as ho does, and that in the now constitution of his Church wo can find so littlo that can in anywise clash with or hinder the rights and privileges of the other Churches. This for the present. Wo hope again to have something more to say regarding this New Constitution and its several clauses. 