LITERARY NOTICES. THE SCHOOL OF DOUBT AND THE SCHOOL OF FAITH. By Count Agenor de Gasparin. By Count Agenor do Gasarin. Translated by Robert B Watson, B.A. Edin burgh ; Thomas Constable and Co. —'Witness.’ Count Gasparin has long been known as a prominent, alas! perhaps, the only prominent confessor and defender of Bible Christianity among the nobility of France. To the reading public' his wife’s name is even better knowji tlian his own, by her ‘Marriage au Point do Vue Chretien;’ hoi r ‘Travels in Egypt,* and some excellent little books in’favor of phihtrrthropic objects, such as ‘ Aliens fairo Fortune a Paris,’ and Ml y a 1 Acs pnuvres a Paris, at allleurs.’ Of his own writings wo’ have only seen some able articles in the ‘ Someur,’ on subjects ; closely related to that of tho volume before • us. Wo have read this work with grbaf interest,, It is full of freshness and vigor, and, above all, of manly straightforward honesty ; and while feeling it impossible, in a brief notice, to say all that one would be disposed to say of tho author's views, either in the way of general concurrence or partial dissent, wo can earnestly recommend its perusal to all who take an interest in the great and vital question,- ‘ Wherein con sists authority in matters ofreligion?’ Romanism and Rationalism our author shows to bo the two schools of doubt, — schools which land their scholars in doubt, and often in downright unbelief. This they do because they both place authority in man, Romo makes man ; supremo in' one indirect way, under the title of * The Church.’ Rationalism boldly gives supremo authority in religion*to the individual. And this, whether' like mystic rationalism, it exalt feeling, or, like old Rationalism, exalt reason, or, like now Rationalism, exalt tho two combined under the title of religious consciousness.- These two chapters are very spirited anil able. But tho most deeply interesting part of the book is his statement and defence of tho principles of the school of faith 1 . Tho Bible is the perfect and sufficient authority. This implies an assurance of the perfection' tho canon, and of tho infallibility of the contents. Here our author abamhms the ordinary line of proof—proof from feeling —proofs ‘ a priori’—proofs*from- experience —proofs from Scripture, proofs from history. Ho gives up the theory of apostoliciiy, ad mitting that there is no proof of all apostolic writings’ being inspired, and no proof of all -our canonical writings having been either written or revised by apostles'or pro phets. He admits, too, that tho infalli bility of Scripture cannot be gathered from tho tone; or from the direct claims; of the inspired writers themselves. Now', in all this there may sometimes ho'a to an extreme; and a giving up of that which is a fair argument,—(for example, the apostle’s I expression, ‘ words which tho Holy Ghost tcacheth must surely go for something in the way of declaring the infallibility of his ; writings) —but on the whole it is honest and satisfactory. Few men; we imagine, are satisfied to receive Afark’s-Gospel as infal lible, simply on the grOnnd that it was probably , written under the'direction* of Peter. The position taken by our author is,- that the canon was the work of God’s providence, and that our security for this, and for the infallibility’ of its contents, is the testimony of JesuS Christ.- This ho establishes in- the first place for the - Old •iestameiit; and though the same direct attestation is Wanting for the New, he brings to’bear upon it a cumulative mass of con siderations and arguments- which really amount to a demonstration. One of tho most striking" parts of his argument is where, adopting the method'which Butler has so.successfully used in another depart-* rnent of theology, ho shows that every oV jection urged against the inspiration’ and 1 infallibility of the New Testament applies mih equal or groat< rforce to tho Old, which }ct has-received our Lord s attestation. Tho last chapter shows that the Reforma’- tion was a- return to* the great principle of the auUvority .if Scripture, a,nd not a throw mg off of all authority, as- many modern ras \- writers .contend 1 . In the course of the discussion, he gives examples of the strange vagaries into which men fall who set about deducing Christianity from their own, consciousness, with special reference to the ,■ work of At. Secretan, ‘ La Philosophic de. la Libcrte/—a work, by the way, not sa well known to English philosophers as it ought to-be. It strikes us asndefect, that Count Gasparin has not more carefully'defined and justified iho extremely limited sphere which lie as signs to criticism of the text. Criticism may meddle with and mend the various read ings. but cannot entertain the question’ of the canonicity of a book once received, el even of a paragraph. A word or two - may, bit critical grounds,-be added or expunged, but the first paragraph of the eighth of John, being there providentially, may not be discussed. There is certainly a difficulty here, and there seems no very clear princi ple to go upon in settling to which class of passages- the throe heavenly witnesses, for example,- or the doxology of the Lord’s- Prayer, belong. We believe, however, that this difficulty admits of a satisfactory solu tion. Wc merely mention it for the con sideration of those who may bo induced to 1 read the work ; and we earnestly trust that all who take an intelligent interest in the great’ question discussed will not fail tef peruse a discussion as interesting as it is original in- its inode of treatment. The translator has acquitted himself ad mirably of a task much more difficult than most people imagine—a task involving a thorough acquaintance with two languages, and theology besides. lie has added a few useful and judicious notes. 