KSPAHTKKO. (Pram, the New York Tribune, Auguit 22.) it 1» ono or tho peculiarities of revolutions that just oa tho pcoplo scorn about to tnko n prout start and to opon u nair ern, tiny suffer themselves to bo rulod by tba doluntons of tho past and tur render all tho power nnd Influença they havo so dourly won into the hnnds of men who represent, or aro supposed to represent, tho popular move- ment of a by-gono epoch. Kapartcro is ono of thoso traditional mon whom tho pcoplo aro wont to take upon thoir bucks nt moments nf social crises, and whom, like tho ill- natured old fellow that obstinately clasped bis legs about tho neck of Sindbad tho sailor, thoy nftorwnrd find it difficult to got rid of. Ask a Spaniard of tho so-called Progros'st behool what is tho political valuu of Espartero, nod bo will promptly reply that "I's pnrtcro rcprcsonta tho unity of thc gro.it liberal party ; E*p»rtcro is popular becnuso ho carno from tho people ; his popularity works exclusively for tho causo of tho Progresistas. It is truo that ho is tho son of nn artisan, who has climbed up to bo tho Itcgcnt of «pain ; and that, having entered the anny ns a common soldior, ho loft it ns n Field marshal. Dut if ho bo tho symbol of tho unity of tho groat liberal party, it onn only bo that indiffer- ent point of unity in which nil extremes aro neutralised. And as to the popularity of tho Pro- gresistas, wo do not cxnggornto in saying that it wns lost from thu moment lt beontno transferred from tho bulk of that party to this singlo in- dividual. Wo need no other proof of tho ambiguous and exceptional character of Espartara ' J greatness, boyond tho simple f.iot that, so far, nobody lins boen ablo to acoount for it. While his friends tako refuge in nllogorlo generalities, his enemies, allud- ing to a strange fenturo of his private life, declaro bim but a lucky gambler. Holli (hon, friends nnd onomios, aro nt an equal loss to discover uuy logl ol connection between tho man himself, and tho faino and the immo of tho man. Enpartoro's military merits nie as much contested ns ins political shortcomings nro incontestable. In n voluminous biography, published by Sonor dc Flores, much fuss is muilu about his military prowess nnd generalship ns shown in tho provinces of Charcas, Paz, Arequipa, I otosi and Cocha bomba, whero ho fought under the orders of Ueno ral Murillo, then charged with tho reduction of tho South Amerloun States under tho authority of tho Spanish Crown. Hut thu general impression produced by his Soutli Amerloun feats of arms upon tho excitable mind of his nativo country is sufficiently characterised by his being designated as tho chief of tho Ayacucliisnw, and his partisans as Avacitc/iot, in alludion to tho unfortunate battle nt Aynouoho, in whloh Peru und South Amoric.i were tlotlnitivcly lostfor Spain, Ho is, at all events, a very extra- ordinary nero, whoso histo-ical baptism dates from a defeat instead of n success. In thu eoveu years' war against tho Carlista, ho novor fd^n ilised him self by ono of thoso daring strokes by which Nnr vnoz, his rival, becaroo enrly Knorrit as an iron nurved soldier. Ho had certainly tho gift of making tho best of small successes, wliilo it was mero look tint Morutos betrayed to him thc last foroes of tho Pretender, Cabroru'a rising in 181U hoing only n posthumous attempt to galvanizu tho dry bonos of (Jurlism. Sonor do Atari innl himself, ono of Espnrtero's admirers, mid tho historian of modern Spain, cannot but own thnt that sorou yours' war ia to bo compnrod willi nothing but tho funds wngod in tho tenth century botwcuu tito potty lords of liiitti,;whvu success wu- not tho result of victory, lt nppenrs, by nnotlior mlsch-inco, that of nil tho peninsular deeds of Espartero, that whiob imdo tho liveliest Impression upon tho pubtlo momory was, if not oxnotly n dulVnt, nt least a sin- gularly strange performance in a boro of llborty. Ho becaino renowned ns the bombarder of cities - of Barcelona and .Seville. If tho Spaniards, Buys n writer, should ever paint him os .Mars, wo should seo thc ¿od figuring ts a " wnll-bnttorur." When Chrislinn WOB forond, in 18111, to resign ber Itcgciicy and to fly from .Spain, Espartero assumed, against tho wishos of n very largo section of tho Progresistas, tho supremo authority within tho limits of Parliamentary Government. Ho sur- rounded himself with n lort of camarilla, and affected thc airs of a military dictator, without really elevating himself nuovo tho mediocrity of a constitutional king, lils favour extended to .Moder allocs rather than to old Progresivas, who, with a few exceptions, were o.xoludud from ofllco. With- out conciliating his onoinles, ho gradually estranged hid friends. Vi it bout thu courage to break through tho shackles of tho parliamentary régime, ho did not Uhow how to accept it, how to maimgo it, or how to transform it into au instrument ot uotl n. During his thrco years' dictatorship, tho revolu- tionary spirit was broken step by step, th: ougli endless compromisos, and tho dissensions within tho progrosist party wore allowed to reach such a pitch as toouublo tho Moderados to regain exclu- sivo power by n rovp> ile main. Thus Ksparturo boonmo so divested of authority that bis own Am- bassador nt Puris conspired against htm with Clii-istin.-i «ml Xnrrai-z; »nd so poor in resources, that bo found no moans to ward ufTtheir miserable intrigues, or tho petty trloks of Louis 1'hilippo. Sn tittil) did ha understand his own position tint ho ni ado an inuonsidcrnto stand against public opinion wliou it simply wanted n pretext to break him to pieces, lu .May, ISM, lils popularity having long since failed away, bo retained Lineage, Zurbal o, und tho other members of his military camarilla, whose di'inissal was loudly called for ; ho dismissed tho fiOpc-i .Ministry, who commanded n large majority in thcCliatitbx-r ol' Deputies, anil ho stubbornly refused an amnesty for tho exiled .Moderados, (hun chimed on all hands, by Parliament, by tho people, and by tho anny itself. This demand sim- ply expressed tho public disgust with lils adminis- tration. Then nt once, u hurricane of tiroiiitii cl.immitos against the " tyrant Kspurtcro ' shook tho Peninsula from one end to thu other ; n move- ment to bo compared only, from tho rapidity of its spreading, to tho prosunt one. Moderados and Progresistas combined for the ono ob|cct of get- ting rid of tho Urgent, Tho crisis took him quita unawares-thu fatal hour found him un- prepared. Nurvae/., ncoompatiicd by U'Donueii, uonolia, find I'czuela, binded witli a huitdfiill vf MICH nt Valencia. On tlicie Bide nil wa« rapidity ami action, oonsidornto audacity, oiiorgutlu decision. Un tho aldo of Espartero all was helpless husit.i tlon, dondly delny, npnllietio irresolution, indo- lent weakness. IVhllu Nitrvaoz raised tho 9logo of Torruol, nnd marched into Arragon, Espartero retired from Mildrid, nnd consumed wliolo weeks iii tinnocouiitnblo Inactivity nt AlbAcolo. iVi'cri Narvnoz had won ovor tho corps of Soonno and Ktirbnro nt Torrejon, mid wa« niarohiug on Madrid, Espartero at length effected a junction with Van Halan, for tho useless and odious bom. bitrdinent of Saville. Ho then fled from station to station, nt ovory stop of his retreat tlesertod by his troops, HU nt Inst ho reached tho coast. When ho embarked at Cadiz, that town, tho Inst whoro bo retained n party, bndo its hero farawell by also pronouncing against him. An English, man if ho resided lu Spain during tho ontustroplio, gives a graphic description of tho slldlng- soaio of Espartero's grcntnoss : " It was not thu treman duos crash of mt instant, nftor n well-fought Hold, but nlittlonml bit by bit dosoont, alter no light- ing nt nil, from Madrid to Ciudad Heal, (rom Ciudad Heal to Alboooto, front Albocotu to Cor- dova, from Cordova to Sovlllo, front Sovlllo to l'ort St. Mary, und thenoo to tho wldo ocean. Ile toll from idolatry to enthusiasm, front enthusiasm 1 to nttitohiuoiit, trout attachment to respect, from , respect to lndilfereiioo, from itidhTcrciicu to con- tempt, from contempt to hatred, mid from hatred ho foll Into tho sen." How could Espartoro havo now ngalit booomo 1 tho saviour of tho country, mid "sword of tho ' revolution," as ho ls culled f This ovent woul Ibo i quito Incomprehensible woro it not for thu ten years i of reaction Spain hits suffered tinder tho brutal I d'ctntoi'ahip of Narvnez, mid tho brooding yoko of i tho Cancun's minions who supplanted him. Ex- , tensivo und violent epochs of reuotioii aro wonder- , fully llttad for rcosiublisliing tho fallen mun of iHivoltitlonmy tulscat'i inges. Tho grouter tho ima- ginativo powers of it pooplo-mid where ls iniagi- 1 nation grantor than In thu south of Europe ?-tho moro Irresistible their impulso to oppose to nidivl- < dual Incarnations of despotism individual iuourna- i nations of tho revolution. As they cannot I improviso thom nt once, they o.xonvnlo tho dead i men of theil' previous movements. Wns not , Nai-vaez himself o:i tho point ol' growing poptilnr i nt tho expenso of Sartorius J Thu Espartero, who on thu 'Jtlth of duly, hold lils triumph ml untrnuoo Into .Madrid, was no real mau ; ho wai a ghost, a nama, ii roiiiliiisceuoe. 1 11 ls but duo to justico to record that EspnrtoiM 1 Hover professed lo bu anything but ii constitutional ' momirulil-t i mid if there had ovor existed tiny i doubt upon that point, it mutt Intro disappeared before thc enthusiastic reception ho met with during i his exile, nt Windsor Ciistlu mid from thu govern- , lug uhitisoa of England, When hu arrived in , bundoll thu wliolo aristocracy tluukeil to his ninnie, , Ibo I (uko ol'Wellington noil l'lilmerslou nt lliuli . hoad, Ahurtlceii in lil* nu illly of Foreign Allnbtcr HI ut him nu invitation lo ho |iiesi'iit'nd to the : (¿noctli thu Lord Mayor mid clio Aldermen of ' tito elly ctiturtiilticd him v. 1th ga-troiii'iniii t homages at the Munition Home ; «nd «rhea it became known that tho Spuniah Cineinnatus pined his leif ure lioursin gardening. Hiero «ra« no notantes!, or Horticultural, or Agricultural Society which was not OBgor to present him wi'.h membership. Ho wai quito ino li in of that metropolis. At tho end of. 1847 an nmno«ty re- called Ibo HpnnHli oxllor, nnd tbe decroeof Queen Isabella appointed him a Senator. Ho was, how- ever, not »(lowed to lenvo England before Queen Victoria lind invited him nod lils Piiohcfs to her table, adding tho extraordinary honour of offering them n night's lodging nt Windsor linstle. It is true, we boliove, that thia halo thrown round lils person was somowhnt connected with tho sup- position that Espartero lind been nnd still wns tho representativo of llritUli interests In Spain, It is uo leas truo that tho Espartero demonstration looked something lise n démonstration ugainst Louis Philippe On his return to Spain ho received deputation upon deputation, gratul.itions upon grain Int ions, »nd tho city of Hnreslona dispatched nn cxpross messenger to npologiso for its bad behaviour in 1613\. Hut Ima anybody ever heard his nnrao mentinnod during the fatal period from January, ia IO, till tho Into ovents ? Has Uo over raised bis voicu during that do .il silcnco of degraded Spain ? ls there, recorded ono singlo net of p itiiolio ro. aistanoo on lils part ? Ho quietly rotiiva to his esta to nt Logroño, cultivating his cribbages nnd Howers, waiting lils time, lledid not go evento tho rovolmioii till tho revolution ca«>o for him. Ile did moro than Mahomet. Uo cx pcotod tho mountain to como to him, and tho mountain carno. Still tboru is ono exception to bo mentioned. When tho revolu- tion of Fobruary burst out, followed by (ho gone rut Europonn oarthquuko, ho caused to bu pub- lished by Senor do Principe, nnd some other friends, n little pamphlet entitled, " Mtpartero, hit Pat; his l'retcnt, hi» Future," to remind Sputa that it still Jiurbourud tho man of tho past, tho present, nod tho future Tho revolutionary movomont soon subsiding in France, tho min of tho pnst, of tho prosent, nnd of tho future, once moro sunk, into oblivion. Espartero wns burn nt Urunntnla, in La Man- cha, »nd like his lamons fellow- countryman, ho also lins his tlxod idea-tho Constitution ; and his Dulcinea del Tobosa-Queen Isabella. Un .lanunry 8, 1818, when bo returned from his Kngllsli exile to Madrid, ho wns received by tho Queen nnd took lenvo of hor with thu following words ; " I pray your Majesty to call mo when- ever you want nu a rm to dufend, or n heart to . love you." Her Majesty has now called und her Uulglit-errnnt appears, smoothing thc revolution- ary waves, enervating tho unisses by a delusivo eulin, allowing Christina, San JLuis, und tho rest to hide thumsulves in tho palace, mid loudly pro- fessing his unbroken faith in tho words of tho innocent Isabella. It is known that this rory trustworthy Quocn, whoso features aro said io nssmno year lifter year a moro striking resemblance tot lioso of Ferdinand VII,, of infamous memory, lind lier majority |>ro oliiiinadoiiNovcmbcrl;"1, 1813 She was then only lit yoursnldonîiovoinborïl of thu samo year. Olonags, whom Lopez lind constituted lier tutor for ttiroo mouths, formed n Ministry obnoxious to tho Cama- rilla mid tho Cortes no A ly elco ted under tho im- pression of tho llrst suooess of Narrucic. Uo wanted to dissolvo tho Cortes, mid obtained n royal decree signet by tho Queen giving him power to do so, but leaving tito dato of its promul- gation blank. On thu ovoning of thu'-'8tli, Olor.aga had tho decree delivered to him from tho hands of tho Queen. Un tho eveninrt of tho SUtli ho hail Another intorviow rr Uli her ; tint ho hud hardly tuft her when nu. undor-.Soorotiiry of State carno to his house, and Informed him that ho was dismissed, anti demanded bach tho docroo which ho hud forced tho Queen to Bign. Olozagii, a lawyer hy profession, wns too sharp u mun to bo ensnared in this way. Ho did not roturo tho document till tho following tiny, after having shown it to nt loust ouo hundred deputies, in proof that tho signature of tho (lucen was in her usual,regular handwriting. On December 13, Gonzales Itravo, nppolntcd KS Premier, sum- moned tho Presidents ol' tho Chambers, tho prin- cipal Madrid notables, Nnrv.iez, tho Mm (jills du la Suntu Cruz, mid others, to tho Quern, that sho might muko n declaration to thurn concerning what lind passed botween bur and Olozign ou thu ovenlng of November BS. Tho innocent littlo Queen Iud thom into tho room where »ho lind received Olozagn, and enacted in a very lively, tint rather ovcrduno manner, a littlo drama for their instruc- tion. Thus lind Olozagn bolted thu door, thus seized her dross, thus obliged her to sit down, thus conducted her limul, thus foreud her signature to tho dooroo, hi one word, thus lind ho violated her roynl dignity. During this soono Uonnlea llravo took noto of these declarations, while tho persons present s.iw tho alleged decree willoh appeared to bo signed in a blotted and tremulous hand. Tints, on tho solemn declaration of tho (Irnich, Olosngu was to ko coiidemnud for tho oritiiu of (cum. mojuta*, to bo torn in ploecs by four horses, or nt thu beat, to bu banished for lifo to tho Philippines. Hut, ns wu have seen, ho had talion his measures of précaution. Then followed sovonteoii duys debute in tho Cortos, creating ii sensation greater oven than that produced by tho famous trial of (¿neon Caroline in J-inglitud. Olozogn's defence iu tho Cortes contained muong other things this pussigo : " If they tell in that I lie word ol thu Queen is to bu believed with- out ipiostioii, I mian ur, Nu ! Tbero is either n. charge, ur tbcio is none, li there he, tint word Is a testimony, lilto any other, mid to that testimony I opposo mino." lu thu balance of thu Cortes tho word of Oloz.iga was found to bu heav.er than that of the Queen. Afterward ho Mud to Portugal tu escupo the assassins sent against him. This was Isabella's ilrst entiveli it on Ibo political stage of Spain, and tho flrit proof of her honesty. And this is tho same littlo Qtiocu whoso words Espartero now exhorts tho people to trust in, mid to whom is ottered, lifter eleven yours' sohool for scandal, tho " defend.ng arni," nnd the " loving heart" of tho " Sword ol'tho He volu- tion." Our loaders cut judge whether tho Tm: tiATH Jons WILKS, VM\\. -SudJonly th* time lins como lor wilting thu pusthuruotis prellx to n linnie fur nundy n generation conspicuous, aud to llio last Inllueutlal, Oa li'rldny lnsi, ex- pired nt Iiis liotiso lu I'lnbury-smtiiie,' lu lils oightloth year, aud after so short au illness that he Iud ilrliou into tim country hui tito jreced in«rd»yf « gentleman who from 18 tl was a po- litical loader of Ulseont-who in 1813 was re- turned to ttio ileusdof Commong for tho town of Huston, again In 1836, andu third timo in 1 S?.*17 -»nd «hs continuel through tho fourteen or lll'toen years ol' a rctlrou-cnt oarned by a lifo ol' labour, and graoetl bv a loy ? of llteiotnr^ »|^ Aolivc disoblige sf stioh dutloi as The commission of the penoo and the directorship of various ¡JU sontiug bodies, devolved upon lum. Mr. John Wilks was tho eldest son of tho Hov. Malthow Wilks-for moro than ilfty years the muils'.or of tho Muorfiol'VsTabcriiaolo ; nuil whose sooond son, Mark, is still n Proteataut min!« ter lu I'ar ». Matthow Wilks was by no manus BO decided lu his Nonconfo-mity or Itndlo'iliaiu ns his leta known but moro remarkable brother Hark WilkH, of Norwich *, btu lils eldvst sun dis- played ii om his youth a vehement nttiiehmoni to what woio then welt onough kno vu as " the principien of civil and religious liberty." Edu.. a.-ttwtl In tho legal profession, placed Dy Iii* lather's position in tho vau ol' Dissent, nnd gifted with high oratorical powers, lie was obie to roml.r Sood sorvit'O in thu light against lorilSldmjutVs ill,-reniarknblo for having dlacovorod to Dis sooters nt otoo their degradation und thule strength. Ol' tho llo'.ig'ous Liberty Sjciety, Mr. Willis was one of thu i miders, ami tho honorary seorolnry j in willoh latter capacity, ho delivered on annual speech, still lomomboieil with enthu- siasm. Tho Duke of Sussex nnd all the Whig . nublos wcio prosscd'into patronising tho movement thus eloquently championed, nnd ut laust tíl'eo tivoly repre.iuutcdjiii tho lloiisool'Commoiis, nltci t'.io Helium Aat. To thu praise of helping tv procure Mich tuull favours ns Dissimtrcccivcd I rom tho hands ol' Its IrlcmU in power, Mr. John Wilks ls Justly entitled ; but that tho Kvllglous idburty Society bociimo in tlmu a failure, a shani, mid an ; bal i notion, wu must, lu self-Justification, rcpi'iit, even now that thu repetition is unplouuntit. tu ourselves. And m liones>y, M Uh tvlnuuvcr ui regret, wo mustdoolhio tu endorso tho utiloglu-« of tho 1'atrtot, Hint " ho desurves lu ho buhl in grateful rumcinbrntee, in having uuntlnneJ, throughout lile, In co-operation with younger men, to proparo tho way li»r tho moro uomploio vindication of our principios, a-id for thu lliiiil tiiumplis ol' religious liberty." " \ uungcr mon," oven nf lils own name and blood, looked in vam fur n word ol' unuuiiriigoineiit Iront him, when that woid would hutu saved yours el' struggle. KcvenlielesJ, his sincere ilovutluu to our vom non nuil-e, ru fur ns his perception wein, wa glmlly ut 1 ii 111 i und tl,at hewutild hnvo ivji>lci'<l ti hi-luild Ita "ll iiil triumph," wens hilly holline. To every mini lu hm üieistire, prnisj nuil hoiuiiu -and Mr. .lohn Wu IM was ii man whore intel- lectual strength would not penult his mniMire S'.MVIU.1 lo bo KciU'ly.- b'viuinJ'i'vMitt, 