(festival «orrMttoirtjrcn«, We do not identify our opinions with those of our Correspondents. Ed.] POPERY AND WATER. TO THE EDITOR OF THIS COLONIAL TIMES, Hobart on, 13th Oct.. 1894. ' SIR-The " Protestant " died in August, and the " Church Chronicle " evidently now thinks that it has earned a monopoly of bad doctrine and of twaddle, and that it can lay down the law on religious nimini-pimini without a rival The Church Chronicle is somewhat mistaken; even insipidity is bad taste where flavour is necessary and Popery and Water is alike offensive to Protestant and Romanist 1 Reading the Church Chronicle reminds one of the alternation of the Nursery Rhyme, "here we go up, up, up ; here ' we go down, down, down, like a popular periodical that it is, it has articles to suit the tastes of all readers. First comes a sermon from Or. Nixon, which might have emanated from either a Wesley an or a Catholic for there is no doctrinal point in it which will establish the membership of either ; next in order a critique on, and quotations from the last written speech, of the far-famed Harry of Exeter i . Here let us pause I , , A critique of the Bishop of Exeter's pastoral letter ' And what is this that meets the eye of the reader introducing in large type the senti- merits of the Church Chronicle ? " Churches have erred, and may err again ; " but it does not rest with any individual, what " ever may be his qualifications and acquire ments, to correct their errors.'' Poop Martin Luther 1 Did you break your vows as a sworn Monk, and marry one who was a sworn nun ; did you struggle and groan, and sweat, and alas, swear, all to be told you were acting unjustifiably I " Deliver me from my friends, says the ghost of Luther I" It is generally pleaded in excuse for Ro. maniste (who inveigh against the arrogance which putting forward private judgment, will affect to correct an error that they Goodly -the »n,th»^í¿hrotr;^oCA^a,ttii5i,>'wl» relates. a no 999 to erect an error if -any The " Church Chronicle" takes a different view altogether. It says in effect,, " my Church " CMf "J DOt ' '"rest on your treating; her as infallible ;? my Church can and, does err, but " at your peril lignite the error. Use judg .. ment, O ye people, Mr] so judge my Church to be immaculate ; dare to -recognise the stain is upon her vestments, and 'terrible the kaiser. " moment of your presumption A satisfactory Church to enter where error, it is allowed, may exist; a satisfactory Church to enter where! Such error is not to be corrected " To reduce this subject to a metaphor, which will be appreciated by any reader of Goldsmith, we must look at the " Church of the Church Chronicle as a " fine lady " of the last century (amongst the oountry-squlreises), who, from her position, must have such .' knowledge of bm ton, that her loudest vulgarities are to be looked upon as evidence of false . -" "- 3 32 2 .- wv Lowana upon says evidences of fashion! and the honest man, he acts the Mr. Burchall of " The Vicar of "Enfield," and cries "FudgeI" during the flirtation, runs more than (If possible) the V W, namesake of being condemned, as decidedly of t I mourn forces Church Chronicle ¡ I mourn for the flanne|.pekjÙp.t respectabilities that are doled out; periodicals-hen the wants are for greater charities and concert ¡ I mourn for the middle-aged Virtue (somewhat, censorious as he I is, withal), who, desires John Bull, gossipping In plush unmentionables at the area door, not to stand trifling there with that wicked jade "Religions -Reform;" II mourn for the grim cold Church propriety that shivers by the empty fireplace because the winter" season had not set in by her almanac: or that perspires .. \ ' 1 ," I. S J F J ? * ' in )'!,,-'-rr:-:-rr*<-.. her by her coal fire in early spring because that '«1raân»o~has prognosticated snow 1 " F mourn for each and every stickler for forms and regularity whQ^knowsnot the time meaning of a church, and who cannot feodgttise that pledge given upwards of 'eighteen hundred years ago, that the Church should never fall - should never err-but rising on that Easter morning, when heaven and earth rejoiced together, shall rent the erecting naval quUhed till time shall be no more. ''< More, than all do I mourn for those who, approaching sufficiently" near the " true light, to have their eyes dazzled with the brilliancy, have allowed themselves to be blinded with the glare, until the light is distorted and their vision - I am sir, your obedient servant, , , A Catholic 