SOIREE TO THE REV. DR. CAHILL, ifc DUBLIN. 'But I have made half my impeachment, the bitter half is yet to come — I mean my charges against our statesmen in reference to their' con spiracy against the Catholic' church. During the last 25 years there was scarcely an ambassador appointed to the foreign Catholic courts who was not as malignant against our creed as Macaulay, as reckless a correspondent as Sir Francis Head, and as gross a story-teller as Drummond. All i ?««5.ciivuiy!», tuts consuls, me auacnes, tne mes sengers ? were the same. Half their despatches were written about the Pope, the mass, purgatory the 'Blessed Virgin and the Bible, Old 'colonels, admirals, captains, together with a numerous swarm of swaddling young men, were '''We con tinual hangers on at all the embassies. Lies of priests, nuns, convents, and school-girls' were every 'day 'sent ^to England under the' head of « Our own Correspondent.'— Bibles were shipped in thousands to all Catholic countries to the5 care of. the English 'embassy, and- when the ' traveller looks and 'sees the 'French, the Austrian, the Spanish, the Portuguese, the Neapolitan, the Sar dinian,' the' Bavarian ambassadors solely attend ing to their diplomatic duties, and not interfering with, or maligning, or proselytizing the Protes tants of foreign countries, the conduct of England in this case' is so mean, so fanatical, s'o bigoted — ' in fact, so insane — as -will furnish the future his torian of England with the, blackest and most disgraceful page in her strange history — (cries :6f shame). Go where you will all over the world during the last twenty-five years and you meet an old 'English captain preaching the Bible and abu sing the Pope ; and- while all the ' world is acquainted with the courtesy, the breeding, arid the gentlemanly bearing of an old military man, that same world is equally surprised to hear an old cavalry officer singing ' psalnis, to see Mars, dressejd in a .powdered wig, preaching on a tar barrel, and Neptune in lawn sleeves Icneeling in prayer and public scorn in the market place (loud laughter)'. Tens of thousands of Bibles have been printed, and inillions of money have been ex- ponded in this' farce, this mockery of the gospel ; and it is a truth which admits of no contradiction, that wherever this hypocrisy has been enacted it has engendered public ill- will, produced social slander, 'and has invariably ended in 'doubt and avowed infidelity. And the strangest part of this ferocious cant, this malevolent sanctity, this malig- -tiant charity is, that 'while England sends' money all over the world 'to preach against Catho licity she liberates Jews, who deny the whole ' Bible — she endows Unitarianism, which denies the divinity of Christ— she patronises Methodism, which hates the supremacy of the Queen. 'In the various towns in England the labouring man is never seen at church, the sworn testimony 'of Pro testant clergymen before committees of the House of Commons. The report of the Earl' of Shaftes- bury states the frightful immoralities of factories and the universal ignorance of the working people. It is stated that there are forty-nine known con venticles of open infidelity in London. The tiaebsman class of Scotland read Tom Payne, and avow their belief in his doctrines. The churches are empty on Sundays, and a universal tendency exists among the working classes towards a torpid, incurable infidelity. Is it not, then, a strange phase in Protestantism to behold it so totally careless about English ignorance, acknowledged immoralities, and avowed infidelity, while it pretends such zeal for Ireland, which stands free of these charges ? Is it not a clear case of the grossest deception of, the public to send thousands of Bibles to Ireland, where they are not wanted, while they take no pain's to substitute the same book for Tom Payne, which is universally received by the classes referred to (loud cheers)? The Methodists may deny the supremacy of the Queen — the Calvinist' may assert that murder, perjury, and all crime, are 'not actions of men, but the pre-arranged decrees of God— the Presby terian may unsheath the broad sword of Scotland against the established church of England— Tom Payne may be bought and read without a rebuke — Unitarianism may deny Christ's divinity and the Jew may spit on the bible— and we hear no Shaftesburies from Exeter Hall, no Drum monds in the senate, no Chief Justices on the bench, no Whatelys in the pulpit speak a word against the wholesale extinction of Christianity. But let one word of respect be uttered towards the virgin, whom an archangel honoured and the Saviour obeyed— let the picture of Saint Paul be placed in the church of which he was the strongest ' pillar— let a woman exorcise the inalienable right of her liberty, and, retire from a world to the life of voluntary seclusion, the same Protestantism extends its mouth and makes a roar to shake the nation tens of thousands of pounds are collected to eradicate the foul crimes of possessing a cross, lighting a candle, hanging a painting, or living a single life, while all the reformation sins, and crimes, and infidelities that ever the world saw are unrebuked, tolerated, rewarded, endowed and practised (loud cries of true, true). Take away the whole of Christianity, but don't light a candle, read Carlisle, Payne, anything, but don't look at a picture ; be a Protestant, in fine, but don't be a Popish believer; let soldiers, sailors, fellows of colleges, any one, remain single and live as they like and where they like, but shun, hate, abhor, and execrate a Catholic lady who does the same in a convent: deny God the Father, and be an Atheist ; deny God the Son, and be a Deist, deny the Holy Ghost and be a Greek ; be any thing, follow any doctrine you please, take away any part of Christianity, or take away the whole, but persecute, chain down, expel, and exterminate the Catholic gentleman who believes in all the articles of faith, but dares to respect the woman who brought forth, nursed and protected the Saviour, or who dares to have in his house 'the cross; the emblem of salvation, on which the Messiah died. Bow down before a child in a cradle as the head of the church, but don't dare to recognise the smallest authority in an old bishop called a Pope; obey an infant as the appointed, consecrated teacher of 'all mankind, although that infant can neither speak, walk, open its eyes, or know any one object in nature but don't presume to learn 'anything from a learned pious, 'old man called a Pope ; receive as your 'faith as marry articles as may be agreed on from a majority of the House of Commons for the time being: receive this faith, amended, enlarged, modified, 'and 'altered every year as this majority may think fit ; and although this majority is com posed of barristers, attorneys, merchants, ironmon gers, chessmen, gamblers, turfmen, sportsmen, old admirals, captains, colonels, brewers, distillers, graziers, cotton-spinners, and' engineers, still look on them as the very identical men appointed by Heaven to put duty on tea, to make turnpike roads, and to save a soul in Great Britian and Ireland; but don't dare, on the peril of your salvation, to adopt any one opinion, or follow any one practice coming from a convention of old bishops, because the stain of Popery will eat into your bones,' and you will be lost for eternity, (roars of laughter, which continued for several minutes). This is the religion which is spouted in Exeter Hall; declaimed in the senate, charged from the bench, and preached from the pulpit (loud cheering). It is an ' infatuated medley of slander. ' lies, blasphemy, perjury, infidelity, tyranny, and folly. It has made the name of England be branded with horror in every part of the civilised world. She stands at this moment all over Europe gibbeted on the pillars of public scorn for an insane bigotry and a piebald creed, such as have never been witnessed in any' Christian country on the face of the earth. But their mission is at an end all over Europe. A remarkable man has overthrown them — Napo- leon the Third. He has restored peace to France, crushed revolution in Austria, Lombariy, and Naples; 'our own correspondents,' and the Bible readers, and the old captains, are all returned to Exeter ' Hall ; and the French eagle that passed the bridge of Lodi, soared over the field of Marongo, and gazed in the sun of Aus terlitz, never beheld a more signal victory under the electric command of the old Emperor in the most intoxicating hour of his brilliant glory, than the triumph which the young Emperor has achieved in first striking down sanguinary poli tical disorder, and then seeking the father of the faithful, .the successor of the fishermen, in his fallen retreat, and placing him again on the throne of the Caesars (here the whole audience cheered and waved their handkerchiefs). Since Elizabeth first planted this system j in this country, Ireland has paid this church upwards of four hundred millions of money ! ! This is certainly an as tounding amount of cash ; and when we ask what has it done for Ireland in exchange, the living and the dead of three hundred years say that, without increasing its own ranks, it has produced incurable rancour, and has entirely failed as a religious institution. Here' we have it, at the 'end of three centuries, gulling the generous English people with lies of conversions, incapable of keeping its old flock, tending every day to infidelity, trying to maintain its absurd and incongruous faith by misrepresentation and calumny of others, and seeking to make converts to its tenets by mixing gruel with Genesis, thickening beef soup with extracts from Deutero nomy, and keeping their faith warm by Bradford blankets and Kilkenny coal (cheers and continued laughter). In Ireland during the last few years this new phase of Protestanism has assumed rather a comical aspect — I moan the Protestant alliance, not the respectable Protestant clergy of Ireland. These new missionaries seem to place more confidence in oatmeal than in the apocalypse ; and their touching appeals are made first to the stomach, as being the nearest point to the heart — holy weavers and devout discarded policemen from England are hired at 10s a week to make evangelical soup as a cure for Popery, and as the sure sign of the true Protestant faith (loud laughter). All these missionaries wear' tight white cravats, and are therefore called in Connaught by the ap propriate name of an ancient fighting faction in Ireland known as the ' Caravats ;' and, 'as a matter of course, they are opposed wherever they, goby another remarkable Popish faction called the ' Shanavests' — let the Caravats preach where they Will tho prayers always end in a fight with the Shanavests— (loud laughter.) Bibles ami' brickbats, prayer-books and pitchforks, Papists, police, and Protestants, curses, cut heads, and court-houses, are invariably the apostolical ac companiments and the blessed results of these holy fights for the 'beatification of Ireland (laughter.) The ancient apostles being only twelve in number, and -generally okl men, could have never fought their way through all nations on this new principle of the blessed reformation. Peter would have been killed if lie attempted it the first sermon he preached, as he should have fought singlehanded against three thousand per sons. But the English missionaries being so nu-^ merous, having eight million pounds sterling an nually to procure soup and justification, with Lord Palmerston at their . back, they calculate that by the aid of gunpowder and Stilton cheese, they can easily change the consciences of the Irish, and by making them liars, ' hypocrites, perjurers, and infidels they will it is presumed, after a few years practice in these reformation virtues, be fit to become of the new Holy Alliance (loud cheers). The latest appearance of the Ca ravats in large numbers took place on Saturday,' the 30th July, when one hundred of the faction from England, 'Ireland, and Scotland appeared about ten o'clock in the morning at the King's bridge terminus, and took an apostolical excur sion-trip to all the1 towns on the line to Cork. T saw. them' for I travelled with them. It might be called rather a holy spree, in which religion and revenge, faith and frolic seemed strangely mixed up. The whole scene looked more like what might be called a spiritual lark, than the mission of God. The Apostles in their day could not afford to have a divine spree ' of this kind'at Corinth ; they were too poor to sport at Damas cus in well shaved groups, and -they had no act of the Roman senate to sustain them while slan dering, mocking, and insulting the Jews and the Greeks (loud cheers for- several minutes). You have all read the result of this late lark of the re formers ; the result was as' might have been ex pected. The mission ended in a fight in Limer ick, in which the Abbey boys of the violated city worsted the English Caravats (rapturous cheering and loud laughter). One saint crept under a bed for protection, another apostle was discovered in a hayloft, and recognised by the London boots which he wore on bis holy feet, and* a third was taken into a Butcher's shop, were he hid. behind a quarter of fat beef, the infallible sign -of the true reformed church (loud laughter.) And let it be publicly known that it is' to the priests of Limerick they are indebted for their security against the maddened rage of the- people under their most unprovoked and shameful conduct, in calling the citizens ' priest-ridden idolaters' (cries of shame, shame). It is high time for the Lord Lieutenant to instruct the magistrates and Sir Duncan MacGregor, and all his' force to put an end to this unbridled exhibition of pampered apostacy, and to save our common Christianity from being branded as a' mere name, in order to cover the red crimes of sectarian malice, public slander, and insatiable persecution (here the entire _ meeting cheered loudly). I have -heard one Irish song which exactly 'suits these sainted spree-missionaries— a song which they can sing at home over their wine when returned to Eng land, and Scotland— " We boxed in Kilkenny, played cards in Tralee, Broke doors in Belfast got drunk in Ardee ; We danced at the races, and loved at the fairs, While thinking- of bright eyes and not of our prayers ; And what's it to any one whether or no, Shin theshin thin theshin na bonin shin lo? (It would be impossible to give any just idea of the successive fits of convulsive laughter which followed these lines). — Tho conduct of these emis saries of the Protestant Alliance immediately before the arrival of our Gracious Queen, is any thing but respectful to the monarch ; they should hold a greater respect for the head of their church than to awake any religious acerbity by slander and bigotry on the advent of her coming. Oh, wliat'a monument she could raise to her royal name if she would spend a month in Ireland tread our soil as a friendly visitor, behold our rivers and 'valleys, read our character with her own eyes, and see the richness, the fertility, and the inexhaustible treasures of our country (loud and hearty cheers). Wo have mineral wealth under our feet which would employ all our idle hands ; we have fisheries to feed all our poor, we have waste lands to maintain double tho amount of our labouring classes and we have a generous, arable and grazing land unsurpassed in the whole world. God and nature 'have bestowed on Ireland every natural gift which could exalt a people and make us happy (rapturous cheering). The gene rous English tourists are happy to see it ; they boast of it, and publish it on their return to Eng land. The English character is generosity, and truth, and manly justice (continued cheering).— Would to heaven the Queen of England would spend a month looking at the glorious national picture. Would to heaven she permitted her heart to feel it, and carried back tho favourable impression to the throne of England (the whole assembly cheered loudly.; And if she inquired what can be the cause of our national poverty in the midst of such plenty ; of our national ani mosity in the midst of such generosity ; of our national divisions in the sight of ch'o natfomd advantage of English union ; I reply, firstly, we have been deprived of the power of making our own laws (loud cheers). The laws off property that are made for us are enacted by the rich against, the poor. The English statesmen have centralised all our commerce in England ; tho Irish are merely tolerated in their own country ; they are the near residents, not the neighbours, of the aristocracy they are the slaves, not the subjects, of England they are known, but not protected by the laws they are 'met,' not as the equals, but the inferiors of the English party ; and the cities have more the appearance of a garrison in an enemy's coun try than the free towns of united corporate iri' habitants (vehement applause). This part of my case only regards the body and political liberty, while there is a new grievance which enters the conscience, reaches the soul, and stops the blood, in the insatiable malice of the Protestant, church, which plunders the poor of their just rights, and poisons at the same time the source of Irish, society by an unceasing slander, an eternal lie, an undying bigotry ; which converts this island into a theatre of insult, plunder, slavery, and tyranny ; which maddens the living and dishonours., ;the dead (loud cheers, mixed with murmurings). Oh ! if the Queen could see and fully comprehend this multiplied source of the miseries of Ireland, and if she could raise her queenly voice . over the storm which rages over all our institutions,. and if she would breathe the command of national peace by giving a home to the poor Irishman, by encouraging' trade, and silencing the abuse and calumnies of the Protestant pulpit, she would in the year 1853 lay the foundation of the .perma nent prosperity of Ireland (rapturous applause). And when she will have arrived amongst us there is one act which would do justice, to the laws, give happiness to the hearts of millions, be received with joy in every free country, and add to her brow laurels which not one of her ancestors ever received from the people of Ireland. I am anxious that she should surpass all her family in gene rosity to Ireland— that she shall equal herself— and that on her departure from amongst us we can all congregate on the shore, make the harbour echo our cheers, ask the Wicklow mountains to return and re-echo the public joy, and chain the Irish heart to the beach to salute the royal flag and watch the lessening mast till itsink below the horizon of the glad waters of the Irish sea amidst the grateful shout of a nation's ; gratitude (deep,- silence). The act to which I allude is, that the Queen during her. stay in Ireland will, from- herself, from her own heart, from 'her own royal bounty, uninfluenced by any deputation or petition, will by ah act, all her own, -extend the grace of her royal pardon to Smith O'Brien and his companions in exile. (At the conclusion of this sentence the whole assembly rose in an instant, and cheered with an enthusiasm which lias never been witnessed in the. Rotundo since its foundation). Humble as I am, 1 can command the gratitude of one million of Irishmen in Eng land ; I can certainly vouch for tho thanks of two millions of men in Ireland, and I undertake to enlist the good will of millions in America ; and from this place I tell the Lord Lieutenant, whom I respect very much, and Lord Aberdeen ' who has earned our regard, that they never tendered 'a more salutary advice to their royal mistress than the humble, sincere, loyal, peaceful sugges tion which I hero give (rapturous cheering). She is tho head and the model of all her subjects ; let, her, then, set the elevated royal example of forgiveness, and we shall follow her and we shall forgive (loud cheers, and we will). Austria has forgiven— France has forgiven— Italy has forgiven — lot England forgive, and we forgive, and let us begin from this day an era of peace for the happing and prosperity of Ireland (again and again the cheering was renewed amidst loud cries of wo will, wo will forgive). Mr. Chairman, ladies and gentlemen, I thank you from' my heart : you make me very happy, and you make me proud in being enabled to boast to America of the fond regard of my countrymen towards me, and you send me from Ireland stamped with your approval of my conduct, and having in my arm the popular power of the Irish nation (the learned and reverend gentleman assumed his seat ami'lst a demonstration of applause again and again renewed, which lasted several minutes, and which has never boon surpassed, in any assembly in Ireland). (Concluded from our last.) 