SYDNEY POLICE COURT.-THURSDAY. (Hüforo thu Pullcu Magistrat!*, K. C. Woche«, and ,T. EXTENSIVE SPECULATION.—Thomas Lye, alias Bullock, a young man lately an assistant in the shop of Mr. J. Row, druggist, King-street, was placed In the dock, charged with having, at various times, purloined a quantity of valuable shop goods, the property of his employer Mir. Row. Sergeant M'Gee, of the Sydney Police, deposed, that between 10 and 11 o'clock on Wednesday morning, a warrant was put Into his hands by .Mr. Row, by vlrtue of which he apprehended the prisoner. On searching the room occupied by the prisoner various articles (pro duced) were found, which were identlfied by the prose- cutor as his property, amongst which was a bag, con- taining £13 in silver. A search- warrant was ftihsequonlly obtalned, with which witness pn-ccedetl tn thu IWUHO of Mr. .limbury; on inquiry there, ho waa Informed that tho defendant had HUH to boxes stored on tho premise*, which Air. H un bu ry at once pointed oat to witness ; on searching them other goods (produced) were found, which wore H kow I au ii Ion tlfled by thu prosecutor ns belonging . to him. On tho person of the prisoner waa found four boxes lin Halve, tho property of Mr. How. When chargitd in the usual manner, thc prisoner made no re- ply. John How, chumist, King-street, deposed, that he knew thu prisoner for some months, during which ho had been an assistant in his shop; latterly, witness** suspicions worn awakened with reapect tn tho defendant, ; by observing that thu receipts In tho shop \rero lei's than they should be, and by noticing thiit his money drawer was frequently without change. IVUnruH subsequently received lufe-nintlon which induced him to procure a warrant for the arrest of tho prisoner, on wilone person, when taken into custody, wa« found four boxes of Up salve, tho i>ro|ierty of witness. Thu following article*, fo.und in prisoner's room were idunllfled and claimed by Mr. Bow; one silver tea spoon, one debert spoon and i fork, a bott'u of musk vnluu forty shillings ! and a bottle nf Otto of Itasca value sixty chillings. Tho proporty-afterwards found in prisoner'* Ifoxcs, was iden- tified by thu witness ns h IK, valued at seventy pounds and consisted of ono medicino book, three brushes, four bottles of perfumery, two p.teknges of gelatine, ono box of hair pins, tb ree boxes of patent pills, 1 box of oint- ment, ono paper perfumery, three pupers court plaster, ii ve packages cosmo! les. ono pnpergold heaters'leaf, two fancy combs, eight lancets, ono pair of flams, 2 packages j envelopes, eight camel hair brushes, and aix tortoise- ; sholl huck combs ; six sovereigns were at thu samu timo . found In prisoner's box; witness had every reason to believe, that Instead of that sum being honestly tho property of defendant, bowns in indigent circumstances. Henry lllppollto Tongio apprentice of Mr. Kow, deposed . that no saw tho print m er's carpet bag examined and found three two ks in lt walch he iden tilted ns belonging to him, vatua Us. ; witness never lent thc books to de- fendant ; almost every night saw the prisoner leave. Mr. How's house with a carpet bag, v said, when nuked, contained soiled clothes ; a silk handkerchief found with prWnnur, hu (witness) likewise identified ns Ids properly; prisoner had been receiving one pound pur week, together with board and lodging, for his services at Mr. How's. Hobert Hanbury demised that ho knew tho prisoner nineo his arrival in Sydney about six mont hs' ago; knew him likewise at home; for some limo after bin arrival ho was without employ- ment, during which he had a general Invitation to lila (witness,) house Í prisoner was allowed to store two deal boxes and a leather porlmintcnu in an oiit-houso belonging to tho witness. Thu only things witness1 knew prisoner to bring to his hot mu was a ¿pongo ¡ and a small bottle of musk ; prisoner's narnu ts Thomas | Felloes Ihtllock, The defendant, who mode un defence,- : was, on tho concludion of tho o v Iden nt, committed to taku lils trial nt thu Supremo Court. A GHOST FREAK.—Mr. Atkinson, residing In Cumber- land-street, and her servant maid, Bridget Gorie, ap- peared in Court, to answer a charge preferred against them by William Barton, likewise of Cumberland-street, for having conspired with other divers persons to annoy and alarm, by improper artifices, the family of com- plainant. Mr. Johnson appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Thurlow for the defence. Mr. Johnson, in his opening remarks, stated that the Indictment charged the defendants with with agreeing and conspiring together to dress up a certain female to represent a supernatural appearance with intention to excite alarm in the minds of others. No doubt the matter complained of might be considered as a piece of fun or a joke ; but he (Mr. John- son) apprehended persons of that opinion should be taught that proceedings of that description, although they might be Indulged In with levity and without re- flection as to consequences, were yet of a serious charac- ter. The defendant was a lady whom he felt regret ln being obliged to prosecute as one of those who instigated the young person who represented the ghost, to apparel herself to frighten those people. The law was plain In the case ; any proceeding which was calculated to excite terror or alarm to others was indictable. There was a celebrated case on record which was familiar to most per- sons, which created great sensation in London ninety years ago, and which resulted in serious consequences to those who lent themselves to the deception. He alluded to the Cock-lane ghost story, where a young girl, at the instigation of her father and others pretended that she was visited by a supernatural being that made revelations to her, prejudicial to a certain person. The case excited great sensation amongst persons at the highest intellect, and so far from being a joke, it was seriously argued by literary men, whether or not lt was a deception. And a number of those gentlemen who were not sure that the thing was a deception, among whom was the famous Doctor Johnson, determined to investigate the matter, and if an imposture was practiced, do detect it if possible. The imposture was detected, and the result was, that the parties were tried at the Guild Hall and found guilty ; the father of the girl was sentenced to three months in the pillory, and to be imprisoned for three years ; the mother to one year; and the girl, who acted as inter- preter, to six months Imprisonment with hard labour. The Court in this case passed the heaviest judgement they could find for a misdemeanour. It was an easy thing to say that sensible people would not believe in ghosts, but sendible people had believed In them, and few would wish to have their faith put to the test. The learned advocate alluded to the danger which such exhibitions were likely to produce upon young children, and con- tinued, the ghost in the present case within six months made four visits to the house of the prosecutor, and upon one occasion so frightened one of the servants that she went into hysterics, and continued in a state of in- sensibility for a considerable period ; on that last occasion the ghost visited the house of Mr. Peek where she fright- ened a full grown man to that degree that it was a question whether he would not be sent to Tarban Creek. On concluding, Mr. Johnson proceeded to call the wltnesses. From their evidence lt appeared that Mrs. Atkinson, who lived next door but one to com- plainant, had n servant maid in her house named Mary Ann Green, who one day in the month of December last, about seven o'clock in the evening, dressed herself in a manner as she considered to represent a ghost, in the usual white sheet, and having her face whitened. In this disguise she appeared in the parlour of her mistress, who looked upon the matter an a joke, and told the girl to dress herself on some future occasion, and to go up stairs and frighten the young men (lodgers). To carry out the prank further, the ghost went out of the house, and shewed herself to the house of Mr. Peek and Mr. Barton. Mr. Barton was subsequently informed that the ghost had made other visits to the house, and upon one occasion so frightened one of his servants, that it was with much difficulty she was restored to consciousness. On the 7th April, the ghost made her last visit to Mr. Barton's ; having heard of its arrival, Mr. Barton went down to receive her, and, on opening the back door, he found her standing outside in her usual costume ; he at once seized her, and bringing her to the water cock, put her head in the gutter the purpose of giving her a ducking, but lt being the first Friday in that month, and the tapwater turned off, her ghostshlp escaped that punnish- ment. The prosecutor endeavoured to show that Mrs. Atkinson and the other defendant, Bridget Gorie, with others, conspired together to annoy and alarm the family in the manner described, Mary Ann Green, however, who had personated the ghost, swore positively that her mistress or fellow servant, Gorie, were not, at any time, aware of her leaving the house upon her ghostly visits. On the conclusion of the examination of the witnesses for the prosecution, Mr. Dowling intimated to Mr. Thurlow that he would dispense with hearing evidence for the defence. Mr, Dowling then addressed an admonition to Mrs. Atkinson, which he hoped would have the proper effect on others, not to allow her servants to be guilty again of such improper conduct, no matter how innocent the intention. The case was then dismissed, and the defend- ants discharged. WAT«ii POUCH.-THUIIHDAV.« (Ucforo tlio Watt r IN 11 k-e Magistrale) Chris' ian J" an MOU ami Cht ist i au JotVuKuin, JJiuiUh BCinncn, wiro givuti iMu cunt oily tor rel'tinfn tc to proceed with t)j*'v duty on botlrtl tito filip Joicmiuli Oitvnvlt. They lind licet» j i re vi un ly Itroti^Iit np ou I ho RUDIU (îliaryp, nu J mil tnck lo thcr.r thip, pronuriii^j t.i» return to their work. Cn pl ai ti Kd.o proved tho iMOh'd ciirt»fiemo»ti M*à tfuU frein the ho; k mt entry if tho olu-ne» o!mríied. Thora HUH a combination nmoi^t-t tho mott to oudcavotir to vex thu Captin", and th UH tili tai ti theil* (IÍHOIHU^IM hoto, and tho pii-onorrt wi»ro tho rinirleader^. íu dcfoiici* thu mou oumplauiud of hud pTOv'Hinns nnd tho overhearing hehnviutir nf tho Caj lain, mid docliitcd thoy would nut woitc any moto in I ho fillip. Tho nin^irttinlo BPHIDIICUI thuin to four WCOIÍH' inipiittoninoitl.--WiUtitiu Slum wtw up i rcltcudi'd nu funptuion of beiiiii a dtatrtor, hut It appcnrltiv; that ho had ktivo of alwouco from Ula ship hu wits discharged,--Juno Vatoou pk'ti dud guilty to ahflouco without, loavo from thu idilp ititi nd, and (ho O.iptidn Intvluxr stated ho wmi'd tako tho prlxouor with 1dm, he was Heu- te neu J toa fortnight's impriioumont* 