WIGS AND BOMBAZINE. WrHrLST change in the course of time has swept over nearly every institution, that of the Bar remains intact, and preserves, to this day, its Gothic an pearance, and barbarous demeanour, of which its paraphernalia is the symbol. The lower extremities of a barrister be come modernised, but the top gear never; it remains as it was when feudal lcrds encased themselves in armour, like iron lobsters, or glhstened in sea!es warlike MIermen on horseback. Pl.ntagenent, Tudor, Stuart, and Nassau, have pas'ed int'i the dynasty cf Guelph. York and Lancaster decimated foudality, and the faith of the old church or our fore fathers was tipped by the wing of time, and shorn of its posse sions-but amnid all passed " Ike the baseless fabric of a vision,"-the cauliflower top, with its crisp curls and prehensiles neatly tied in -a horse-hair knst, has survived with bombazine the mutations befalling all beside, a d rise up gauntly like ghosts apparelled in cerements drawn from the charnel house of antiquity We do not know whether barristers were co-ev I with Odin and Wodin, nor is it our province just now to enquire into that interesting subject, although we incline t) belief in their superna tural origin, and were excessire impu dence a proof of paternity, whence they em nated might easily be tracel. but we know th tht thy were when tyranny was at i's height, and we know that 1 they remain now, after kingdoms and political institutions have crumbled knit together indissolubly in off?asive and defens.ve alliance, hedgel round by privileges, and prepared to do combat "a I' utrance" against all comers challenging their antique grimness, or daiing to impuon their ri.ht to do wrong within the pale of a court ofjustice. "The Old eailey trans ports itself to 311-bourne, Westminster itall to the Supreme Court, and barris ters bully and revile upon the most ap proved priniples and with as much audacity as thou,h these qualites were indirenous to the colony, and an impar ed pri-ileged e!as, consonant with the institutions of a free cucntrr. The difculty to curb the-e gentlem.n of the long robe is over- estimated, ane ? the evil only sustains itself uPon the passivi~- cf thcse who submit :o it. The Bar must bow. like all bes?de. to -he public vciTe. It cannot s-tm-ai n iself in opposition-bu: so familiari-ed in the old country are the people to the license arogated to themselves by the Bar. that it pa sed in:o belief that thatwhich was e-or torr to justice was an essen:ial of justice; and so men and women entering :he wimness-b:x did it with fear and tre-'tlinz. lest the advocate of justice might bully them into contradi?teon or cover them w.th ridicule, just as it might suit: di case. not the cause of justice. or according to the in-'ructions he received with his m ney and his Lrief. But the People and the Bar in Victoria ate not put so widely asunder, and com plaits level'ed at grievances mus have -heir effe:, if the people will it ear nestly. It is not necessary that the amenities of social intercouzse should stop short at the door steps of a J.aw Court; but unfor:unately it is presumed by some that justi e can only be attained by trampling down character, wounding private feetinits, and making unseemly ,eisplars in virtue of their privileges, that would not be tolerated except in -he presence of a Judge, or attempted except with the assurance that impunity would be granted. The end of law is lost by the Barrister in the performance of his office, and recently so obvious has this became, that comment is impera tively demanded. We have seen a man indulge in one case because he had a wig and gown on, and wrote himself "Armigero" in a Saturnalia, and push hi; impudence so far that it became doubtful whether he were a pugilist in disguise, and the Supreme Court a Fires Court, where fists were to supersede arguments. We may expect next to hear the delicate points of "an upper cat" discussed, or a rule to show canue why "the fight should not take place before the Bench." True the inflated bully was rebuked by the Judge in a subsequent trial for his buffoonery, and by a law officer for his "brass," and ,ibbetted in effiy by a people that he had insslted; but this abuse broke out againlike an erysipelas, and, during a serious case committed to his advocacy, in the presence of another judge, grossly, and openly. and inde peneently of the cause at issue, insult a magistrate. We cannot conceive why such thing should be, but this we do know that their tendency is to bring the administration of justice into contempt, and to call down obloquy upon the per petrators of such unseemly antics, and excite enquiry into an insttution, which allows a member of it to brave decency, and set at defiance the ordinary social courtesies, denuded of which we should be httle better than savages, or worse, familiarised blackguards. There are gentlemen at the Bar; and it behoves them, if they wou!d keep up is respectability, to exclude a Goru in manner and a Vx.SDxL in conduct. THE disabilities under which the mem bers of the Church of England at present labour, from their inability to assemble and frame regulations for the manage ment of the affairs ot the church, should without doubt be removed as quickly as possiblo-the oniy matter which admits of contrariety of opinion being the process whereby relief eheuld be af fordeld. The Church of England in England, being a state church, pcssesses a con stitution which is deficicnt in adipla ility to co..nrri s wherein the Church ha no connecctij with the government tecept what it poss ses in common wit. ,,ther recognis=d lead:ulg denominations h.e defect is an inherent defect which ught to be remedied by the church iuelf; not byany moresection 9g the church; certainly not by any secular body composed of men of various creeds, who might unwittingly make laws which would be at utter variance with "he fundamental principles.. Once admit the principle that mired legishture.s have a right to interfere in church discipline, and there would be no end to the ab surdities which might be perpetrated. The Bill which is now before the Legislature for enabling the members of the church m th's co'ony to hold con ferences, and otherwise to administer the affairs of the church, may or may not be a judicious measure. What we maintain is. that the Legislative Council of the colony is not a fit arena for its discussian, and even if the Council had the power to pass it into law, there are circumstances which ought to make the Council pause before doing so. The framers and supporters of the Bill have confesse: their almost utter ignorance as to how far the Bill will clash with Enelish statutes. All they can say is, that there are doubts of the prohibitory statutes having force in this colony, that a Bill was introduced into the British Parliament for the pur pose of removing those doubts, bat that the bil was. f r sonml re rson or an oticr, withdrawn. In this state of de plorable ignorance did the leaders of the movement come before a still more igno rant Co::ncil. The bill was described as a b ii for limiting the power of the Bish p, but when it came to be enquired what his present powers were, the sup porters of the Bill did not know--not one of them had ever seen the letters patent, and when the production of the document was asked for, the request was met by a little burst of indignation at the idea of any one being in a posi tion to produce it. It is very evident from these circum stances that the Iecisla:ion on this sub ject cannot be safely proceeded with, and that the members of the Church must either _pply for relief to the Queen and the Bri ih Parliament, or else come before the colonial legislature with a more precise statement of the circum stances in which they are placed. In the meantime the Chitch is in no more dea-er than it has been any time since the commencement of the colony, and it is better that there should be a little delay than th-t there shoal.be any rash interference with matters not clearly understood. 