SHOALHAVEN. .TFBOM OUE-CORa8FONDBNT 1 , LOVEGROVE, MANNING, & COMPANY. The Steam Navigation Company formed under the auspices of the above-named individuals,' is about, bursting; whether through the effects of.high pressure, or soft-soap, under tbe direotionsbip of the- man of brass, I cannot say ; but it oertainly is a faot that the man whose, ground- work in the- metropolis was pounds, shillings, aad pence, has made a: oall on the good people of Shoalhaven to the amount of 25 per cent. Thi9 looks like business with a vengeance, i end we might exclaim with, tbe obtsrver of all tbiags, ""Verily the age of oreduiity hath not yet passed away." Such bkre- faced impudence oould aoarcely be oonoeived — for a. strange unknown character to oome into this district and represent himself as being influenced by real gentlemen in Sydney in forming this Steam Company, without any. ordinary prospectus to inform, the inhabitant under what condition .they were about iovesting the f 2 tuts of their hard- earned labour, and after stalking from house to btrase, like the ghost in Hamlet, soliciting the unsuspeoting to become shareholders; after pledging word— the word of a gentleman— that tbe Share Lists would be closed in three days; after promising, . yes, giving the promise of a gentleman that he C&vegrove;) was to be in Port Phillip the latter end of this week. And now. I ask has his word been kept— his. premise violated ? The JSftare List is still open for shareholder ; Lovegrove never went to Bbrt Phillip. This is sufficient proof that both hi word and pfomise remain as we ail auspeoted. And is ibis the man to be supported in t hi community, and their honesty and industry to be invaded by strange- oharsoters.pf/his grade— unknown personages of his caste ; aod because bis strange, unaccountable way of trans- noting business was not sufficient to damn the honorable Company whioh he fepre«pnts,'a still of the drama is to bfc- aoted— be figuring as 'the tief performen Yes ! : despite tifenbiettee' of n-pybepeo'-nf, we behold #ieetiDg oalled at Torara in Mr de M est re's barn,, for the unsuspecting shareholders to pay up £10a per share, at whiol/ time the. Deed of Settlement will be signed, jWhy. , npt give the shareholders a certain period to examine tbh Deed of Settlement ? not immediately sign a legal document of that description, binding. people to a code of regula tions whioh they may not have time sufficient to propetly digest. More in my next. 