NEW MUSEUM OPENED IS PAMS.-The newspapers mention that, a short time ago, thc public were admitted to visit the Musée des Souverains, which had recently been formed at the Louvre. It occupies live rooms at the back of thc Colonnde of the Louvre, two of which formerly formed part of the Spanish museum. The first room contains different suits and parts of suits of royal armour worn by Francis IL, Henry IL, Henry IV,, Louis XIII., and Louis XIV. The second room also contains royal armour, among which is a suit worn by Francis I. Thc third room contains a chapel of reception of thc order of the Holy Ghost, with the mantles worn by thc knights, and other brilliantly ornamented articles connected with thc order. Thc next room, called tho Salle des Uourbons, contains numerous articles which belonged to the kings of France from Childcrie and Dagobert. Among other things are a series of books used in religious service, which belonged to Louis XIV., Henry IV., Marie Stuart, Henry IL, and other monarchs ; a Bible, prc sented in 850 by thc monks of the abbey of St. Martin of Tours to Charles tho Bald, and since preserved in j thc church of Metz; o French Bible of Charles V., I with the signatures of that monarch, his brother, Jean de Berry, of Henry UL, Henry IV., and Louis XIII, and XIV. ; the psalter of St. Louis, given by Queen Jeanne to her husband, Charles V., and by King Charles VI. to his daughter, Marie of France ; a prayer-book of Charles the Bald, thc cover being in silver, inlaid with precious stones, and with a basso relievo in ivory ; an Evangilaire of Charlemagne, executed in 780, ¡kc. In the same room is the marriage sword of Henry IV., thc musket of Louis XIII., tho sword of Henry IL, thc carbine of Louis XIII., and the sword of Francis I., bearing on the hilt the motto, Fecit potcnliam in brachia .1110. This sword was brought from Madrid by Murat. There is also hi the same side thc crown, sword, and saddle, which were used at thc coronation of Louis XVI. ; the helmet and buckler of Charles IX. ; the mirror and candlestick presented to Marie de Medicis by tho republic of Venice ; different insignia discovered in thc tomb of Childeric ; and other objects of equal curiositv. In the centre of the room stands tho fauteuil óT liing Dagobert, and thc sedan-chair used by Louis XV. There is also in the room a casket given by Richelieu to Anne of Austria, which, as a work of art, is the finest article in thc whole collection. Near thc window arc placed objects of a moro recent date : among them are a writing-desk in white wood, used by Louis XVIII, while in England ; a jewel-box, which belonged to Queen Marie Antoi- nette; and tho writing-desk of Louis Phillippe, just as it was left in 1818. The fifth room, called thc Snllc de l'Empereur, only contains articles which belonged to Napoleon, among which are the full-dress clothes worn by . him on occasions of ceremony ; his saddle, sword, gloves, &c;, ; his uniform-coat, which he wore at thc battle of Marengo ; his sword of First Consul, his horse's bridle-bit, thc hot he wore in the campaign of 1814, and thc small round hat which he wore at St. Helena, as well as the pocket-handkerchief which he used when on his death-bed. Thc Austrian uniform of the Duke de Reichstädt, a locket containing thc hair of Napoleon and of hts son, and a flag given by the Emperor to thc 1st regiment of the Imperial Guard, are also to be there. Tills flag, which is the one kissed by Napoleon when he bade adieu at Fontainebleau, has since that period, until now, rcmnincd in the pos- session of General Petit. - Chambers's Edinburgh Journal. 