RELIGION IN ENGLAND. To read the self-complaisant lucubrations of an yclept Evangelic English newspaper, or to hear the pharisaical. eulogiums of a platform spouter on the moral purity of Protestant England, and on the superior religious en lightenment of the Protestant intellect, would be more than enough to relax the risible faculties of the most contemplative recluse that ever hallowed the desert of Thebais. And no amount of evidence as to the depths of the moral degradation to which the bulk of English Protestants have fallen, can convince honest John Bull that he him self is not the best specimen of ' Christian perfection' to be found on the face of the globe. However, in order to enlighten, if possible, the opaque religious intellect of blunt John Bull as to his own defects, both on the score of faith and morals, we shall present to him an instance of the mental de rangement to which his erroneous rw?e of Faith by private judgment is apt to lead him — we will take the Irvingites, one of the latest phases of Protestant aberration, while attempting to form some sort of religion out of the mere perusal of the Bible : — About twenty years ago certain Ministers of the Scotch Kirk made a very extraordinary ari. nouncement. They stated that a renovation of the Christian Church was about to take place, and all the gifts of the Holy Ghost were, as in the days of the Apostles, to be showered upon be lievers. — Unfortunately, the cheering nature of this gratifying intelligence was dashed by the ter rible and awful tidings that the end of the world was just at hand, and in a neatly printed circular they addressed all Archbishops, .Bishops, and Patriarchs, all spiritual authorities in short, and all emperors, princes, and sovereigns, all the tem poral powers — stating that the Divine Spirit had recently chosen twelve apostles, and commissioned them to call all Christians to penitence — to prepare the ways of the Lord, whose sanctuary was forthr with to be rebuilt. Unfortunately the' world, with its ordinary ingratitude, visited with a semiper secution the Ministers who favoured Jit with such very singular information. The Church of Scot land sternly thrust them out of her tabernacles, and forced them to go forth and build a new church elsewhere. Of these gifted men the most extraordinary was Edward Irving. He expounded the doctrine of Christian renovation with so much ardour and thundered against what he termed the corruption of the times with so much eloquence that he was looked upon as the life and soul of the new religion. His admirers maintained that he was not only the envoy of the Lord, but a new evangelist and a true prophet, a reputation which he succeeded in retaining until death, in 1834, put an end to the career of the ' angel,' as his disciples termed him, but 'this impostor,' as the thankless world, perhaps truly, designated him. The. Irvingites were men whose minds were weak, and whose passion for religious mysticism was uncontrollably strong, and whom a harrassing wish to find the 'one fold' and secure their sal-, vation haunted and distressed. ? Irving like, his disciples, frequently prayed for a renewal of those miraculous gifts which had. been so unaccountably' withheld from the reformed Churches— ^pro- ceeding powerfully recommended by a crowd of Presbyterian and Anglican clergymen, amongst others by Haldane Stewart, whose book, calling on all the faithful to supplicate God at once for a renewal: of those prophetic and miraculous facul ties which, though promised by Christ, had been withheld from, Protestants, created no little sen sation.. : . ,,.',? . ? According to the Irvingites these unanimous ?supplications were heard. The result was con spicuous and unmistakable — tbe members of the new Church were suddenly and wonderfully in vested with the astonishing gifts of the Divine 'Spirit, and, as an inevitable consequence, the I spirit of the Primitive Church — the purest sane- ' tity — sprang up in the assemblies of the Irving ites. The extraordinary graces by which the mis sion of the immediate Apostles of Christ -had been marked were prodigally showered upon the Irving ites : we mean the gift of the tongues — the gift of prophecy — the cure of the blind — the working of all miracles. The faith of these people with reference to these endowments is as firm as a rock, and they fearlessly encounter the arguments of scepticism with the repeated experience of the Irvingites. The organisation of the modern Irvingites is modelled on the Hierarchy of the Primitive Church, which is only what we should expect if, as they say, the Saints of Christ, during the Mil lenium, are represented exclusively by the fol lowers of Mr. Irving during our time. Three kinds of Pastors, to whom Christ has delegated His authority, rule the Church of which Christ himself is the High Priest — namely, Angels, Elders, and Deacons. These three orders have four characters, each individual being at once a Prophet and Apostle, a Pastor and Evan gelist. One Angel, assisted by many Elders, governs each particular Church. The Universal or Col lective Church is ruled, not by an Angel, but by God himself; in other words by the Twelve new Apostles, whose power emanates immediately from. God, and these Apostles appoint Prophets, Evan gelists and Pastors. In defending these arrangements the Acts of the Apostles, the Hebrew Prophets, but, above all, the Apocalypse, are fluently quoted by the Irvio/jites. The rare appearance of modern pro phets, it seems, arises from the strange negligence of existing Christians, who do not, as the Apostle's did, invoke the Holy Spirit, and impose hands. The Apostles made an act of faith, and the Chjris tians immediately were gifted with the power of discerning the future, and hence it is that the Irvingites make acts of faith, and practice impo sition. ' Prudence, however, is strongly recommended to the gifted individual who can prophecy. The whispered words of the comforter are often mimicked by the wily and mocking spirit of de lusion. At* one time it appears the Holy Spirit dictates the very phrase that issues from the lips of the seer. But, at other times he simply en lightens tbe mind, and leaves to the prudence of the inspired the selection of the phraseology. In educated Britain and Protestant Germany the Irvingites have been very successful in recruiting their numbers. The wild's of America are sprink led with their missioners, and in the cultivated and incredulous city of Paris their emissaries have met hearers, if not converts, while m Dublin they celebrate their splendid ceremonies in a plain church which belonged originally, we understand, to the Christian-Brothers. The sober demeanour of their grave and solemn assemblies puts a visi tor in mind of the Quaker's meetings, whnn all on a sudden a heated and extravagant prophet rises and roars out with wild gesticulations and a coun tenance which is equally wild — ' Lo ! lo ! the bridegroom cometh,' and then goes on to 'pro- phesy ' with great volubility and without losing further time. On another occasion piety is edified and incredulity astonished on seeing an Irvingite start up and speak aa fluently as if he never spoke anything else but what is termed 'strange tongues' — i. e., furiously gabbling a torrent of harsh sounds, which, after all sceptism, if we credit the Irvingites, the miracle of Penteco3t is with them an every- day occurrence. Scenes more exciting to the stranger but less edifying to the Christian diversify these Churches with occasional variety. In Klein Sch.weisen, a village of Pomerania, forty Irvingites were quietly praying and chanting hymns; when suddenly one roared out — with obvious sincerity — that he felt the Devil working powerfully within him, and he vehemently screamed entreaties to his: brethren' to rescue him, to save him from the terrible clutch of the infernal enemy. A scene.of the wildest confusion followed— some were seen ransacking the dark recesses in hasty search for cudgels which they could not find,' others with difficulty, and terror were striving to keep, down, the straining victim, while another party' set upon and bela boured him with might and main. 'In short they cudgelled him until- they were -themselves weak and exhausted. But the possessed seemed .unhurt bv this shower of blows which his 'friends rained upon him at his screaming entreaties. 'After half an hour they, gave over this vigorous treatment and inquired how he found himself, when the pale fanatic laid his hand upon his -throat and safd with alarm, ' The Devil under1 your blows, has worked his way up towards my head. I have him here' in my throat — in my throat, my brethern. 'Of your charity squeeze him— force him out.' They squeezed his throat with all their energy. Under this treatment he soon became trancmil. In short they squeezed not merely the evil spirit but the life out of the wretch^ when, having carried the dead body into a neighbouring room, they piously resumed their psalmody, and intoned their hymns as if nothing had occurred. ' The private judgement of ignorance applied to the mystic doctrine of the Millenium seems to be the fountain of Irvingism. It originates iu.a mania for explaining what is Teally the moat in explicable of the sacred books. The narrative of the Apostle discriminates two resurrections. The great dragon shall be taken by the Angelof the Lord and hurled into the abyss, 'where he shall remain bound for a. thousand years — an interval during which Christ shall reign on earth with his Saints. This is the first re3urection. The epoch of the second is the day of final judgment. This part of the Apocalypse is the subject of unending rumination among Protestant mystics, a circum stance which explains the prodigious shower of Apocalyptic treatises which pour incessantly from the press in Protestant countries — especially in Britain, some of which reach the third and fourth editions ! The same strong desire to' penetrate the dark signs of the Apocalypse torments the Methodists of Switzerland and the Calvinists of Holland. Such books kindle in many hearts a deep passion for investigating the prophetic — listened to as they are with awe when forming the evening lecture of the family circle. In England this passion has long prevailed, and we should not forget that the great Sir Isaac Newton, after ex plaining the universe according to the views of Copernicus, laid aside his admirable discoveries to explain the Apocalypse after views of his own. 