WIT AND WISDOM. MOVING roe a NEW TRIAL — Courting a second wife. Never attempt to m 'nd a joke after it is cracked. What kind of vice ie It that some persons will shun if they are ev.r so bad?—Ad vice. Can a man's pocket be empty when lie's got something in it 7 —Fes ! When lie lias a big hole in it. A Ihibliu paper, reporting the Louth clecticu, adds: "All is quiet, except that there was a good deal of uoiso." The man who cjri-iel the thing too fov has let it drop ; a detective was after him. "Biddy, has that sarley fellow cleared off the snow from the pavement ?"—"Yes sur." —"l)id lie clear it off w ith alacrity, Biddy?' —"No,sur ; •with a shovel." •Miss Susan Nipper says that the Russians have an awful responsibility resting *IJ them for killing the Turks; for every Turk who is killed leaves a dozen widows. What mndnrss it is for a man to starve himself to enrich his liciv, and so turn n friend into nn enemy ! for his joy at your death will be proportiona l to what you leave him. Judge B , in reprimanding a criminal among other names called bim a scoundrel. The prisoner rrpli'd, " Sir, 1 am not so big a scoundrel as your h t our " (here the culprit stopped, mid finally added) takis me to be." " Put your words closer logetucr," said the Jiidfio, reddening. Ban EXAMPLE.—A dandy, with a. cigar in his mouth, eutered a menagerie, when the proprietor Tcqucstvd him to take the weed from his mouth, lest he sh>u!d teach the other monkey bad habits. TRAVELLING AT HOME.—WC once asked the late lamented Mundungus, in a college Ulnar," What are you doing With tiut enor- mous atlas before you J" " I going," was his reply, " to write' Six Months' Sojourn 5n Kentucky,' though I don't intend to go there." A TROUBLESOME CONGREGATION.—One Sunday, when the minister of Udny entered the kirk, be was no less surprised than indignant to find that dafc Jamie Fleeming had taken possession of the pulpit. "Come tloou, Jamie," said his reverence. "Come ye tip, sir,"answered Jamie; " they're a stiff-ueckit and rebellious generation, sir, an' it 'ill tak vs b.rith to manage them!" Areprrt circulated in Melbouree at the emigrant's expense if that of the lady, who when her quarterly bills came in, had nothing to do but run into her garden, take a dish, and wash some gold, pay her bills, and go on again. THE GHOST OF A GENTLEMAN.—A coutry player, who had to enact the part of a ghost, asking if lie were to bow to the audicnce, the stage-director made answer, " Why, yes, if you are the ghost of a eentleman." " TUEM KIKOS." — When the American frigate CoDstitu*ion was at Naples, their Majesties, with all tho ciurt. gorgeously dressed, came on board to see the ship. While they were being cscorted by Commodore ^Rogers round the ship, a boatswain's mate stepped up to the first Lieutenant, and touching bis hat whispered ; "Please, sir. one of them kings has fallen down the niainhatohway " 