MOLDO-WALLACHIA. [From Dicken's Household Words.] Beyond railroads, beyond diligences, beyond post chaises, oat of the track of travellers bat fall in the \- high road of conquest from the north to the south, lie the aiRtnr nrnvincaa of Moldavia and Wallachia. which, for shortness, some are accustomed to desig nate as Moldo-Wallachia. . These names have become notorious of late by taking place in the vocabulary of political writers and speakers ; but it may be doubted, certain vague statistics set apart, whether, in most men's minds, any ideas at all are connected with them. When we talk of Paris, we picture to ourselves the Place de la Concorde or the Boulevards ; an allusion to Berlin implies a recollection of Under the-Linden-Trees ; to Naples, of the Strnda di To ledo; but who thinks of the Po de Mogochoya at mention of Bucharest, or has any associations what ever with Curt d'Ar^i3 and Kitnpolongo ? Let us try to connect a few images, a few forms, a few colours, with those words. This is the best way to extend our sympathies in that direction. Moldo-Wallachia' is little more than a huge farm, E'ving employment to some three or four millions of bourers. It is not, however, a farm laid out on the principles of Mr. Meehi, but an eastern backwoods farm, very vast and straggling ; here and there cat »p by patches of original desert and extents of pri mitive forest, made ragged by spurs of mountains, and watered by boisterous rivers, navigable for the most part only bv fallen trees. These rivers flow from the Carpithian mountains, which divide the country to the northward from Austria, and fall into the Danube, which divides it from Turkey. There is a kind of postern-gate to the east, ill-closed by the Pruth, a river that has often been mentioned this year. In neither of the principalities are there many roada worthy of the name. The cities, villages, and farming stations, are generally connected only by tracks and bridle-paths. The geological construction of Moldo-Wallachia is essentially volcanic. Its mountains contain many craters frequently in a state of eruption. Sulphur and bitumen are plentiful. In some parts little spurts of liquid metal are seen, from time to time, wreaking from the schistous rocks, flowing a little way like belted lead, and then condensing to the hardness of iron. In various places, of late years, miniature volcanoes have been known to start up from the ground, and flame bravely away for a few days amidst corn- fields and pasturage. The Prathova River, in certain parts of its course, becomes tepid or hot, or even boiling, according as it flows or not over subterranean galleries of fire. Earthquakes are fre quent. It is not long since nearly the whole of the city of Bucharest was destroyed — Po de Mogochoya and all. The shock was felt whilst the principal in habitants were at the theatre, listening to one of the dramas, of Victor Hugo. Many persons perished, and an immense amount of property was, of course, lost. In the countries, however, that are subject to these epileptic fits of Nature such accidents are quickly forgotten and their consequences repaired. They serve, indeed, the purpose of revolutions or sanitary bills in more civilized lands. Bucharest, at any rate, like Paris and London, has been induced to widen its thoroughfares, and improve the build of its houses. A great part of Moldo- Wallachia, especially towards the mountains, is clothed in forest. In few countries are beheld more magnificent oaks ; and travellers talk of having seen thousands with trunks rising straight more than 80 feet without branches. Mingling with these splendid trees, or covering the higher slopes with their dull verdure, are enormous firs that would delight the eyes of the shipbuilder. Besides these, there are elms and beeches of prodi gious size, with wild pear trees and senna, maple, cherry, and yew trees, with many others. All these grow in a tangled mass — grow or fall together, beaten down by the tempest or uprooted by the rushing inundations. ' In the low country the millet has no more husk than the apple has rind in the high,' says the Wallachian proverb, to picture the fertility of the country. Its vast plains, indeed, are covered in the season with splendid crops ; of which those who travel in Galatz can say something. These districts are counted now, as they have always counted, among the granaries of Europe. It is worth remarking, that a young French gentleman, who has studied political economy, has lately recom mended the Moldo- Wallachians to neglect the cul ture of the groaud, and take to the manufacture of cotton cloths, in order to escape the commercial tyrannv of perfidious Albion. The mysteries of sup ply and demand, however, the definitions of value, and the influence of tariffs, do not lie in our way at present. We are not going to discuss what is a pound, but to explain what is the Wallachian sub stitute for a railway. Before visiting or describing a country in detail, it is well to know what means of locomotion it posesses. If you are not particularly pressed for time, which no one ought to be in that part of the world, it is best to use the great waggon called the Kerontza, which resembles the vehicles in which the hurley boors of the Cape sleep and smoke in their journey from one kloof to another. It is of solid construction, and well roofed with leather. A largo family, with ill their luggage and paraphernalia, even their cocks and hens, may travel in it ; and perhaps there could be no more romantic way of spending six months than in jolting about in one of thes slumbering cha riots amidst the plains and forests of Wallfichia, The people of the country generally go from place to place an foot, or mounted on horses, bn If aloes, or oxen. Asses are little used ; those humble quadrupeds being treated with the same unchristian contempt as in most other European countries. Asia and Africa are their paradise. Among the Boyards, however, it is fashion able fc- make use of what is called a karoutchor, a kind of vehicle peculiar to the country, and which we sincerely hope may ever remain so. As a traveller has already remarked, it holds a position in the scale of conveyance a little above a wheelbarrow, and a little below a dungcart. It is, properly speaking, a trough, a box without a cover, three feat long, two Feet wide, and two and a half high. It rests, of course without the intervention of springs, upon the axles ir beams ; and is poised upon four wheels made of iolid wood, more or less rounded by means of a hat jhet. Perhaps Koadicea's war-chariot was something )f the make of a karoutchor. Not a single nail enters nto its composition. Thb harness is as primitive as the vehicle. To a single shaft, generally with the ttark on, eight, ton, or twelve horses arc fastened by xieans of long cords with collars at the end. Three mrijions, or postillions, mount three of the horses rrithout saddles, without stirrups, and without bridles; ind these are all the preparations made to travel by Bxpress in Wallachia. If you have courage enough to undertake this node of progeasion, you present yourself to the A.ga jr the Ispravnic of the city you inhabit, and inform limof your desperate intention, and also of the place you want to reach, the day on which you set out, wid your address. This information is set down upon a, piece of paper, which it is necessary to show to each postmaster on the way. The chief formality, how Bver, consists in paying the wh -le fare in advance — a precaution probably taken because there exist so rery few chance3 of your arriving safely at the end af your journey, and because it would not be decorous to exact payment from a dead traveller. When the fatal moment has arrived, and you have said adieu to your friends, and made your will, the karonthcor cornes dashing up to your door ; and it is sonsidered wisest, if you really intend to travel, to leap in without taking a moment to think of the sonsequences. The Ispravnick has given a thought bo your comfort You will find an armful of hay, not rery sweet, it is true, to sit upon; and whilst you ire arranging it underueath you, the chief surijion ?rill utter ' all right,' in the shape of a savage cry, 13 if he were about to whirl you to the infernal regions, will crack his enormous whip, and thus give the signal for departure. Off you go, with a frightful jerk and an ominous hop of all the four wheels at once, for they have not yet got used to go round. Th.ey will get into th,e habit one by one, never fear. You feel the necessity at once qf clutchiug hold of the edge of your abominable post- pox, as an awkward rider seizes hold of the pommel of his saddle. The neighbours shout out a long farewell, or look com miseratingly at you, as if you were going to be hange.i ; ruthless boys laugh at your deplorable countenance; and the postillions yell like mad. Thus you arrive at the gate of the city, exhibit your pass port — shame preventing you from getting out — sub- mit, probably, to the last extortion you will suffer in this life ; and rush into the open plain. Now the three postillions begin to show themselves in their true character. You have already had some ugly suspicions. They are not postillions— they are demons. They are carrying you away to their great master. As soon as ihey have the wide horizon of plain and forest around them, they begin to scream with delight, and to exhibit their infernal joy under a false pretence of singing. The first in rank -ets up a discordant rythmical howl, sometimes as gay as the Psalms on a witch's Sabbath, sometimes ai dreary as the shrieks of ghosts disturbed at their midnight evolutions. Then the others join in chorus, ind £ou' would' assuredly stop your ears if your hands were hot fully emp byed in holding on. Meanwhile, these wretches accompany their screams with the most furious gesticulations, wriggling their bodies into all manner of postures, leaning now this way, now (hat, lashing furiously the herd of wild animals that is bounding under them ; and giving, in fact, every' additional proof that is necessary of their supernatural character. Once yoa have set out, you feel yourself reduced to a most miserable state of insignificance. You are utterly forgotten. The surijions think of nothing bat their songs and their horses. They have not even a glance to spare for the karoutchor. On they go, whether there be a road or not, caring only to (wallow so many miles In the least possible ppace of time. The tracks in the African deserts are often marked by the bones Qf camels that have fallen under their burdens ; those of Wallachia are marked by tht bones of madmen who have undertaken Jto travel post But the surijion cares not for- notices not— these lugubrious mementoes of former jour neys. He skips lightly over them all. Ravines, torrents, ditches, patches of brushwood, are dashed through with railroad rapidity. The horses seem to take delight in this infernal race. They, too, forget that they have anything at their heels, and'struggle desperately which shall be fore most. A steeple-chase is nothing to it. If you *re a very bold man, the excitement keeps you up for half an hour; but then alarm rushes into your soul. Not one of the postilions deigns to turn his head. He is not there for conversation. He has nothing to say to you. As to stopping, or going slower, or not going quicker, the idea is absurd. At length, in all probability, a wheel breaks, the trough falls over, and the traveller is shot into some deep hole, with a broken leg or collar-bone, and is thankful that he is not quite killed. Still on goes the karoutchor, ren- dered lighter by this slight accident; and it is only on reaching the next relay that the surijions turn round and perceive they have lost a wheel and their passenger. Peace be to his manes — his fare is paid. The distinguishing characteristic of Moldo- Walla- chia being the absence of cities, travelling is not very prevalent among the people. It is true that each principality possesses nominally a capital, and that Bucharest and Jassy contain a considerable agglomeration of inhabitants. Both these places, however, though they exhibit some tendencies to civilization — though they put on fragments of French costume, as sayage3 put on the inexpressibles of Captain Cook — are little bettor than vast villages. The true life of the Danubiau provinces is in the country — in the plains that stretch from the banks of the Danube towards the Krappacks and Dniester out amidst the fields where grew, probably, the c-m which made the bread we, sitting here at breakfast in London, have this day eaten — out into the forests that furnish the wood with which Constantinople is bailt — out into the districts where men live like moles in the earth, and where you may ride over the roofs of a village without suspecting its existence, unless your horse stumbles into a chimney-hole. If Moldo-Wallachia possessed a proper govern ment, and were insured against the dangers of con quest, it would probably produce ten times the amount of grain that it no w produces. The cultivated fields, so far from succeeding one another in un broken succession, are loosely scattered over the country, and divided by patches of forest and waste land, and sometimes by vast extents of marsh. They are allowed to lie fallow every other year, from the want of a proper system of manuring. The so.-d time is generally in autumn ; but if a short crop is feared, an inferior quality of grain is sown in ocher lands in the spring. Six oxen drag a heavy plough, which makes a deep furrow. Every year, as in a new country, virgin tracts are brought under culti vation to replace others which have been wilfully abandoned, or have been ruined by violent inunda tions of the Danube or its tributary torrents. These newly-conquered fields are first planted with cab bages, which grow to an enormous size, and are sup posed to exhaust certain salts which would be inju rious to the production of wheat, of barley, of maize, of peas, of beans, of lentils, and other grain and pulse. Maize was first introduced into these countries in the last century, aud yields prodigious returns. The Dannbian provinces are familiar to the Eng lishmen chiefly as corn-growiug countries ; but we must repeat, in order to leave a correct impression, that great portions of them are still clothed in pri meval forests. Patriots, taking this fact to oe a sign of barbarism, insist that the woodlands are every day giving way to cultivation, aud pride themselves on the fact ; but a grave Italian writer, who seems to fear that soTme day the world will be in want of fuel, deplores this circumstance, and attributes it to what he considers an extravagant, absurd, and almost im pious use of good things granted by Providence, namely, the custom of paving a few of the principal streets, or rather kennels, of Jassy and Bucharest with wood. The worthy man, however, might have spared himself the anxiety which this hideous waste appears to have created in his mind. There is no danger that Moldo-Wallachia will soon be disforested; and the sentimental, perhaps, will rejoice in this fact, when they know that the vast seas of foliage which form the horizon of the plains, and roll over the mountains, are inhabitod by prodigious colonies of nightingales. In no place in the world aro there found ho many of these delightful songsters as in Wallachia. In the months of May and June, it is considered to be oue of the greatest enjoyments that men can taste, to go out by moonlight and listen to the concert of nightingales, swelling full and melo dious above the rustling of the leaves, and the rattliug of the small watercourses. Benighted travellers often stop their waggons by the si-lo of some forest lake that spieads over half a glado, on purpose to listen to this marvellous music; and then, after having feasted their ears for a while, give the order to march, upon which, amid the cracking of whips, the shouts of the drivers, and the creaking of the wheels, all these sweet souuds are stifled, and you are brought back, as it were, from fairyland to the conntry of B oyards, serfs, and gipsies. Let us suppose tiio reader to ba wending his way according to this primitive style, through one of the vast plains that -stretch westward from the Dnnbo witza. If it be summer, there is little danger, even after midnight, from the wolves; and the bears remain up amidst the kappacks. You may, there fore, jolt along in safety, unless you happen to de. viate into a morass, or up.set into one of the crevices which so frequently occur. It is pleasant to travel by night, ou account of the great comparative cool ness of that time ; but nothing can exceed the delight of moving leisurely along in the early hours of the morning, when the air is full of grey light, and the skies are covered with flights of birds on the look out for a breakfast; when bustards go rustling through the underwood ; when partridges start up from the dewy grass, and take semicircular flights to get out of the way of the intruders ; and when awkward storks are seen perched upon boughs, watching for serpents and other reptiles to Take home to their young. The sunrise in those districts is wonderfully fine, clear, and red. Once the winter season passed, the weather is balmy and agreeable, except in the afternoon, when the fierce heat shrivels the vegetation, and causes the traveller to droop. This is why the dark hotirs which usher in the day are preferred for travelling ; and if you are out in the plains at that time, you are sure to hjar the dis cordant creaking of wheels approaching or recjding in different directions, just as in the enchanted forest to which Don Quixote was taken by the humorous and not very amiable hospitality of his ducal hosts. The approach to a Wallachian village in th^se wild regions is remarkable. On emerging, perhaps, from a sombre wood, along the skirts of which hang white patches of morning mist, you dimly see signs of cultivation, fields of maize or wheat, and beds of cucumbers and cabbages, iso you begin to have thoughts of eggs and poultry, and leap out of your slow-moving waggon and push on, expecting, if you are quite a novice, to descry comfortable looking cottages, and, it may be, the steeple of a village church. _ Whilst you are gazing ahead in this vain expectation, a slight breeze waft3 a strong odour of smoke around you, and looking attentively, you see a few blua ringlets coming up from the ground just in front. Presently some slight elevations may be distinguished, scattered over what appear to you a patch of rough grass land, and now aud then a wild looking figure rises mysteriously, flits along a little way, and then drops into the earth. These are Moldo Wallachians making their morning calls. You have stumbled upon a village, or rather upon a human warren. The houses are mere holes in the ground, with a roof composed of long poles, which are covered with earth, aud thatched with the grass that natu rally grows. This style of living was adopted by the people of these unfortunate countries for the sake of concealmeat from the marauders, to whose inroads they have always been subject on every side. The villages are dug as far as possible from any lino of route ordinarily used. They rarely contain more than a few hundred inhabitants, aud are subject to a tax, the amount of which is fixed according to the supposed number of the houses. For example: a village set down as containing a hundred dwelling places has to pay four hundred piasters. The Isprav nick, or governor of the district, receives a list of villages from the treasury, with the sum required from e ich affixed, and sends an agent to inform the people of their liabilities. It often happens that a village is set down as containing more or less inha bitants than it really does. If there is a greater number, that is to say, if the estimate of the treasury is under the mark, the peasants collect in a public meeting, to discuss in what proportion each is to benefit by the mistake. At these meetings they shout, quarrel, and even fight But though wounds and death sometimes occur, nothing ever transpires before the tribunals. It is a family quarrel in which no stranger interferes.. When matters are settled, the head man of the village collects the various items of the tax, and carries them to the agent, who has no other call in the matter. But if, as often happens, the village contains fewer houses than are set down, the peasants collect and nomi nate a deputation, entrusted with the duty of repre senting the overcharge in the proper quarter. If they cannot obtain redress, they often abandon their houses, or holes, and separate, and pass into neigh bouring parishes and districts, leaving their old dwellin»-place3 entirely deserted. After a little time, of course, taxation pursues them in their new retreat In this way the population remains unset tled, and we never meet with what in other countries would be 'called rising towns. It is calculated that in the two principalities there are about five thousand boroughs and villages, most of them of the character we have just described. However, on the moun tains, the houses are above ground, and not disagree able in appearance or uncomfortable to live in. Near most villages maybe seen long granaries, if they may be so called, of peculiar construction. They are often about 300 feet in length, six feet high, and three or four feet wide, and are made of open trellis work. la them the maize is thrown, and being dried by the wind, is preserved, when neces sary, fur several years. It is on this account that the cargoes of maize from Galata are seldom or never injured on the passage, whilst those from Egypt and other places, being shipped whilst yet half-dried, often corrupt on the way. 