RPraESETArtO5t or GsrAr.-By Electric fe:eraph we learn that a writ has been issued for the election of a member in the place of IMr. Haines. The nomination takes place at Geelong, on 3rd Jinuarr; poelit; div, in cse of a contest, on 10,b, and return of writ on 17th Jannary. TE" TnlEATRE.--Iamlet Was played on Tueslay night to a rather thin house. Mr. -Water played Hlam!e, and Mrs Waler Ophelia Mr. Waller was very uneqaul in his playinin- some scenes he was p.-fec?ion itself. whilst in others he sacrificed the beautifol meabri.n of Shakespeare to a vain. attempt at display. Mrs. Wadler's rendering of Ophelo wsas very fin:e; sie is an ectress of r?reat ability. Mrts. E. Evans as the Qneen, and Mr. To'hilras the Ghost, played their parss well; but of the other members of the company, a very sorry account mustberendered Therhat:edforwantofs?er.ls; they did not know their parts. Some of them seem not to have read the play. The followin; is shout a fair samp:e of the text, as spoken on Tuesday night:- nacasoco : Nay, answer me: stand ansd uon fold yourself. o4oa.: l live the king Fa . a.: Benardo? (Comeon. Come on.) DBr.: He Fa.?s.: You comne most c-?efull upon the hour. ('TT rowstrk!) BE,.: Tis noM Snck tielve (rilght s-L!) Fet thee to bed, Franciso. (Cross over. Cross over! For this rdlef) F?As.: For this relief much thanis. &r;, &c.;, &a; It would be difeiult to c3nvey an idea in print of the amount of prompting by nos, winks, and other sig's, throoughon the whole piece. Poor Hamlet had not only to abuse the very thin, small man who represented the King but to nise the sail Kinz the cue to rely ! Sn mnch for the ;layers-now for the audience. Alo the front of the boxes sat a row of hcmsns, with arms spread cut on the c-shion-with htos on with the cranium at an angle of forty-five degrees from the Os Soere- as if they were sittinz sarmewhere else than in a theatre. We recommend nal effending parties to think over the elegance of sitting thus in the front row of the boxes, and to reflect that one tall chimney pot of a hat may tortally shut oat al vieow of the siege from half-a-dozen peop:e behind. We must not close this brief notice without praising Mrs. Wa!lex's effarts in li:ht Comedy; her perenaticn of the De.b Belle elicited roars of laughter, and sent every one home in good huourt. LECIcrr o0 EnDuCrct s.-We beg to rermi-d our readers of the lecture to be given by Mrs Cook, this evening, at the Masonic Hail, at s o'clock. Tea MEctIcs"' I5srrttu.-The reAde- room and library connec:ed with this institution was opened to-the public for the first time on Tuesday last. The room, which is a very neat and commodionus one, is situated in Great Ryrie-street, next to the Arcade, and is open to subscribers every evening, with the exception of Sundays and lecture nights, from fire p.m. to nine p m. The library contains between 500 and 600 books, which treat upon various sub j-cts. Amongst these books are some excellent standard works. The reading-room is supplied with English and Colonial newsptper and the Government Gs2xete. As grew* eforts are now being made to establish a Mechanics' Institre worthy of Geelong, we hope that the inhabi tants of the town will give the institution their support by swelling the number of its members. Clraca OF Eor.AS.D GA?xER ScunoL - A meeting was yesterdar held at the Bishop's Registry Offce. for the purpose of electing a committee of management, when the followint gentlemen were chosen in addition to the ex oflelo members, vi. s:--The very Rrvererd the Dean of Melbourne, the At:ornev- General, the Speaker, and 3Issrs. C. Campbell, Griffith, Poldman, and A'Beekett. The ex-officio mem bers are, the Bishop of Melbourne and Mr. Justice Barry as the senior Judge in the colony, being a member of the Church of Eng land. There is at present at the d?spoel of the committee a sum amounting to nearly £14,000; bt a further sum of £1000 and upwards is required to be contributel by private subscrip tlons to justify the committee in availing itself of the scm placed by the Government under the control of the Bishop for the purposes of the schooL-Aras. T?e LTE DIsrcBuasce AT BsrsnLr. A placard has been is?ed offering a reward of £1500 for the apprehension of Tern, who took on active part in the late disturbance at Ballarat. ArsLERS DEERnG'S M[CSEttr. - Wa visited this museum on Tueslay last, and can safely affirm that it is well worth inspection from the public, to whom it is now thrmwn open. Amongst the various specimens and antique relies, thtrre are a patr of iron spurs. dug up from the site on which the battle of laltings was fought. and an Irish saeidle of the time cf Oliver Cromwell, presented by his Worship the Mayor. There is also a Iighland broadsword, used at the battle of Cullelen; and likewise two Chinese swords contained in one sheath. In this museum there are several stoffel birds from Torres Straits, as well as various kinis of native bir. Alderman Deering has an excellent colleetion of minralogical Epecimens, and a beanttful assortment of Indian andml other shells. The 3Mseum consists of two rooms, in the smallest of which are sveral paintings and engravings. Besiaes the articles toa which we have alluded, there is a .very pretty model of a Singapore passage boat. The colee tim of antique gold, silver, and copper coins is very naseroos. We saw a copper coin of the time of Edward the Third, also a Spanish coin struck in honor of the taking of Cindad Rodrigo, as well as a variety of Portuguese, Belg.ian, Chinese, and other coins. ia the room cotaining the paintings, there is am ex cellent picture of our Saviour with the erown of thorns upon his head, and a very good painting of the man-ef-war WeIligton, (the flag ship of Admiral Sir Charles Napier in the Baltic), and the head of a tiger, supposed tobeinan infuriated state, is a work most creditable to the artist who produced it. These are only avery few of tie things we saw in thi Museum. An elephant, ealed the "Siamese Elephant," wail shortly arrive at the Museuam. THE GEELONG VOLUNTEER FIRE BRIGADE. -The members of this brigade have adopted the plan of having the words "Volunteer Firemen" painted outside their premises, so that in cases of emergency they may be easily found. D esrucnnE Fme.--Yesterday forenoon, a, about 11 o'elock, a disstrous fire occurredat the stables of Captain Coltishb, on the Barron,where by 40 acres of oats andanomber of fences hare been burnt down. Great damage has oesnrre and several labonrers, who hai been eage for reaping, have been disappointedia their avocations. A FEx zessse waxaEDo- The folowing ease in the Suprreme' Court, Melbourne, is an instance of the valuable services sometimes rendered bvr brrristers to their dlents. 'o.?oiterre v. ,enning,- Ir Dawson, for plaintif;f, said it was an aetio fr goods sold and fcliverl. There was no one present from Messrs ?iGontefire, Graham, and CuO., al the plintiff wr3as nonsuied. His Honer ordered Mr James Smi'h, the plaia:ifi's attamrey'~s expenses to be s'reck off, as he was not in attendance in the court. Sir Dawson msaid he baut thbat mo mont had received his brieaf and Iotduo* had iefoopeuitll - . t Oru Hostrasrm-The Treasurer of the Hos pital has reeired £53 donation from the Bank of Victoria, and £3S Is?. from 3Mr.-I'Andrew, being contributions coected" by him at In dented Heads. [Anr 'TsEmEcsr.]-We have been requested, by 1r A. C. 3IacDo:a!d, to direct attention to the sale of three eottszes, this dan, on the pre mifs, off Little Malspstreet, E,.r, at half-past 12; and near the Wes!es?n Chapel, Little;Rtrie streer, at 1 o'c!occprompt CTETirsSESyET .-Att:ention is partetkarlr directed to the sale of cho?-e bui!dit= site, fronting Pevenrev-Lr reet and crescen:, near the Botanic- grnler.s, cimmanndia a fine view- of the byr, shippint, &c;, this day, at I o'clock, on the ground. John Daviso, auctioneer. 