THB«FR0P03ED INQUIRY CONCERN, THE" TIME niarcAsic AMONG SHEEP., (From the Empire?! The' subject which has been taken up in the legislative Council by Mr. Morris, is a very fit and WopSi one Or investigation by a sel jet '¿WMttîvf&ahd; in bringing it forward the tion. 1 inopj>Ar,s we are willing to believe, only do Sires topgrform an obvious duty, which is in «¿'»W'Jï's'i VW JJ ,gî»<»t«" o. z Of the extent of this malady, existing, in lsJD/e'«)V<tf informers,' to a degree to render whole trade iticroriintion hpecssdry to stay its ravages in- particular districts, there appears ample evidence; and that those vast holocaust are effectual only'to'chock without extirpating the disease, is a fact which is also painted by true We need no ghost or committee of legislators are enlightened as to the existence of a pearl central scourge, which, if it once got head in the territory, will annihilate at one fell swoop the great interests to which all others have been sacrificed, and which over leapt with disdain the party wall of clans, and political, and almost feudal privileges, which has been renowned for its protection ' We have already san in one districts special of pastoral Lynch law had recourse to for the protection of the coal owner, and an prTçndingpisseîaor of scabby property largely nittlo!,cirby the verdict of a j dry for his sin against gold neighborhood in harboring a destructive; no! fan in it within his precincts, These cases, will "h excited s me lilMo interest at this time, was of less value as regarded the individual right than with refusing to the SILUI oo"«'qiienc3t", and abundantly proves the atif ficient grounds for in alarm, which, in the rim case was held to justify what, under other circumstances, would have been lawless violence; and, in the other, to wit a man-with almost ruinous cons quinces for a merely passive and unintentional injury. They will furnish Fug hostess for SIr. No lists proposed committeE, whenever it initiates its pro holdings. We have some other in tors, however, to suggest for the consideration of the committee as BOTO as it commences its labors We should like to have a Batter factory estimation of OBI tam Gyler phenomena incident to pastoral property, such, for example, in the existence of <jtHardÎ3Ja?ïS. besides the one in question, to^vbich'^ha intensity of it has been lent free pray i extensively prone. Tita decimation of Iiiuka by catarrh, by foot-rot, and by an in- sidious, still unknown, and therefore unclE esrb d.d! case, which, in early part of the year 1850 f mod the says it of a Government investigation, is equally a matter for full, earnest, and put! my inquiry. The committee has a larger ft Id before it than, the honor- able/mover is wall award of. It is one thing to grow over the question so as to allay the' ^nisjçivingi of squatters, and BO keep .up'^ljo'inifket P son of rum; in it another fc>;aatijy the great cwnunitrig public, who »reii^bsginning to import rottenness iaHh's system as wall as in the sheep, va specially when they find butchers' meat as high to Price in a great put in! country as it is upon the well-dressed grass lands of old England We recommend him to extend the scope of his investigations, now that he had taken this' most important silly but in hand-to in crude as those cattle in well at those- to in- firm us whether Improved feeding and tending will probably have any effect in the prevention of opilorxiios in attack, and, above all, to enlighten the public with regard to the philosophy of boiling down. In other words, we recommend the matter to be considered as A cousumeiV as well as a producers' question and also, whether the existence is not to some, and what extent, a parasite upon the latter for their habitual violation of the great physical laws of the univers). Our view may be an erroneous one, that tin RASMUS in question are in anywise referable to nugUct. but who we see them prevailing to an extent quite unprecedented, according to the experience of old settled countries, we are a certain extent justified in our suspicion, and there can at all events, be no harm done in correcting our false economy. It must be borne in mind that as a ptodt cers' question, the existence of great natural impediments to product! was not altogether a novel one. The pastoral interest of these colonies is essentially a protiotelone, that is to say, protect -d, not by legal, but by past cal and class regulations. In this respect it very closely resembles the great West India interest of by-gone days. The New-st InJiiproprlet'ra of the last generation greatness, like terminal tors, upon legislative protection. With slave labor, and high monopoly prices secured for their products, they were enabled to live in luxury in England, and leave the management o'thcircititcstohi dings. They could wish and the population of their subordinates, they could wring numbers from the almost inexhaustible natural resources of an into tropical country to support their ostentation and extravagance ; but the fate of the unjust steward fell upon them at last. The unanimous call of the I5riti-.li people enforced the freedom of the slaves, the competition of other countries coin called the demolition of protective laws, and thus the great producing interest which could once boast of its insinuated in the Parliament of Great Britain, by its false security ultimately destroyed itself. Our case is only different from that of the West Indian colonies in that the warning is more gradual and it remains to be seen whether Nature's lesson cannot be given in a direct as well as in a circuitous form. It matters little what shape the neglect of the great national law of Laurie visitodupmtltu transgressors, whether in that o external com position, or in that of domestic calamity the Mault is the same, and wise legislators will dulyoitirmto it. Mr Morris has, on one or two previous occasions. evinced a becoming- door -to investigate similar phenomena articling this great producing interest which he appears to have as much at heart, and he tiny yot vindicated his claim to pitiso'lstii, if he will only allow those investigations to na mino abroad, philosophical, and practical bearing. 