CllUldTMva STOMlCr1 in ( II sut i s nu i i xs 'lill! HCIUHíl.llOV S Mullí". H in, i i'li i s uiip il 11 B nt-1 un pit l'iji ni in \tii» lui til' I nui i lim x un -I huit, nu j muni u ndsoutuua ol mx « u lo lil ! 1 b Ilpili I WOlllllll't tiltil li i tit li ist im,lodi Im ., I tiippin , to 1 now whul ian ou lu Hexni.nl la, ot whtt a gulllii J'U- li, ni bow lil \ do ni iel» ¡I I iti) p milla -pulu iii uti li.ii Hilliup mid muli 1 ill inline Omul in fe livvs w ia i hinged in bia lull's iiumuit !u lui nnd ai\p nie loi two j HU-lui lubl» p nil iibln at ai\ mid thitipoiieo n | li u, I iho ibl thin -mil hu u xoi look thuin (libo, but put (lu m up tim slot vu til lila lu hot An lo Ibu bit I, It's aliiiuiolul. It's lut htiuf lUguh 11'iu.f hm't vtlus, Von eau cl'.uw mau I ir 1 eof He» do» kWiiJi, th_ i\ gie,«)' to t» "ii la bt"f, aid jon nekoi o ii ii op io i ur . Anoiltci' of i ut felli), » iKt.t ho !i3 ill, na". li a'd Ih'd 'mu Ik d"et"i t '.'. li u I .iii r that lu« loild'nt ne ount foi liij cduip'aint mil is it Wit, the bui (if colin, i: t.jb tho b.er, nu.t well it i-iight be ! 11 vv k. i, beef md Old Cb ttemnn aro t«.o diffotcnt t'ings. £o is b." i. It tun Old (Jheifc"i>-,nii I in ant to tell about;' n t'tho manuel in which out filloas got iltur eontli tu'ions dci.'rokcd for tho sako of pro'.t. Why, lo.kirt t o pi>citut ebne. There'« no ii diiii'-ss ia it. l^t, S(l,d-Uko damp load, i'hon our fjllows ge't nightmaiea, and are bolst.'led fur cn'ling nut and waking other filio'". Who can ktond 11 Old Cheese-nun ona night' walked in his slenp, put his hat oa ok er his night- cap, got I did jjf ¡t li-hing r.id ai d a tKeitct bat, «t.d went"" dokvn into tho parlor, whole th y rittiuiitlly thought fiom his npp a rn-o he ivas a ghost. Why, ho nevtr "would have (bin that, if his.meals had bo n kkhulesomo. When wo ad begiu t> vvs'lt in our sl.cpi, 1 HPP"fo the)'li rio Bjny for it. Old Clu est man wa n't s.cond Latin Mastot tliefij bo was .ifillow himself, lia win fiist biought tlur.', Veiy Biiall, in a p%t chaiite, ly a woman Vkho vat nhvav.3 takiog innff and shaking bim-and that wa» tho most ho to- ni jmberjd abo .t it ile liuvdr went home Or the hoüiava, His uecoimts (ha ntver learnt any cxlias) weie sent to a Hank, and iho Bunk pa dVliom ¡ und ho b&d; o- brown t-tiit twico a year, and wont inlo boots nt tv. elvo. They werenl"vaj3 too big fur him too. In tho midsunun'T holfclcys, eo.no of oui fellows who lived within walking used to como bask and climb Ibu tret» oiit .eido tho playground wall, oirp'iipwo to> link nt Old Chtetr arm reading thole by hitnsilf. Ho was nlwaysnsmild as th'i toa-and fïm"., netty mili, I should hope!-so «li 11 tiley whistled to hii»v ho loo'itd up-a-d'nodded ; nnd wl'on they s.xM, " llalina O.eVChe s man., what havo you hsd for dinner'."' Lo svi ?'Iinilcd mutton ;" and when 1 hey mid '. Aii't it holi'jry» 0 d Clrto man ï" ho sskl " It is a little dull, fcomelimvs;" a d then th-ysaid. "Well, gool bye, Old Oheesimnn!" and climbod down again Of courue it was impo sing on Old Chaesems« to giro hi:tyn»ttiitig bytbo'likd mutton through, a vtliol-tva ntion, lint that wns jnist Ino thfe system. Wiwin they didn't gho him boiled mu*ton they gavo hiiii u'co pudcing, pr.lor.diug it was a treat,- Al.d eaved tho l.utchir. So Old Cha sonian wer.t'on. Tho li didays bronaht him into other tioubio beside» the lontl'ncss ; b-eauso *hen tile follows began to oni) li» elf, not vi ant 1113*. to, bo was niwoys gjftd to seo thtm ; which w.is aggravating when they were not it all« g1 d to seo ¡v.m, and so he got his beal knocked against walls, and that wna-lha way his ans» bhd. l!nt Ina was a favorita in geuoial. Ode*, a nubserip ti,>n »as laistd'f.ir bim ; and. to koop np kau spirts, ho waa protsmtcd bcAI-e tho ho idiytt with two whiraonieo, a rabbit, a pigeon, nad a beautiful puppv. Oid ChfeSenmu ei'-nl about it-especially S'.on ûfterwaids, kihi-m tiley all ato one f nolhrr. Of cour«) Old Choes-man ^scd to ha calU-tl by Ula nr.mr-8 of all soils of cheenes-Dmifck Glu'stennati, «Aamily C'heshircm^n, DUICÎÎM mau, No1 th Wilt- hiromi-n, and all that. But ho nover minded it. And Iídoia't mean to say he was old in* j>oint of yearn-bee.ttisn h wasn't-only lit «.va» called, l'rcm ibu first, Clsl t.Hedsoaian,' At last, O'd Cheeiwaiinn wau- nandi." stcoatl ijatin Master. He w».« bniu£;l.b «ii», ouo morn ¡ngattho bcgioiitig of a new half, and pra »eut-d to the .school in th.it enpaeit j nu " Mr. ChcHoman," Thon CUT folloivColj agreed tbit O'd Chcctetnun .vos a r-py. and a desx-rter, who had gonn (A* r to the t-uamj "a otmp, Mid sold lihtvclf fir gold. It was no t «vu» for him Ihst ho had fold himself for wry littln gnlU two pound ten a quaiter, jin!"his vkiieliébg. ai was reporte i. It was decided hy a Pin'in. jitsrit which Kit nhout it, that Old CIIOISMS irxtn'« niorceua-y niolivta eouitVale-no ha takLii into account, and that ho heal "toiiicd our hlood foi lirachui.ise" The Parliament toik ¡ho expressi iii out of the qutrroiscoiia b.tvret u. BrHtiii and Ccotlus. When it wss settled in this- tlrong way that Old C hetjvniati was a treaaoaduus ti >.lui\ who had xkotmod hunt» ilf into o.iv fallon a* ceti'ctBOH puigoau to got hinuvif ititi« .'cov by giving up ovciything ho know, all cmt isgeous fo lok7* We,io Invited to. como fonv.iiil and enrol thein.vi'vss iii « Sj.«elv furniaV;iBg a rot ngaiutit him. The PrvMdont (if th S'oetoty was Firet loy, na-üOsi Hob 5ilit«r. His fallía- was in tile Wist Indies, and li" nwmd, himself, that hil laiher was worth Mil ion«. Ho had groat powfr arning out fallows, and ho wiota a piiosiy, hegiunbg. «. Who made bellivo (o be a», meek 'llnt-vve couti liordly Iicasjiimspoafcv Y-'.turned tut an luforadng Sncakl Old Checstnua." -and on. in that way through mor* titan « dobell ve:*t'i). which ho u»cd to ga-and ning, ovorj' morning, silos') by tho nesv maaSer'« desk. Ho tiaini'd on» of the lew boya tao. a reay uhenk'-.d little Ilrass who.dWn'i caro what he did, to ¡JP up to him wl !» his hatàs Graaiin.ii ono morning, »ud asy it so ;--Yomi-urííeiM ¡nronoxtiflum-Old Cheojwruan, raro turriiii íu-r-was novor suspcA-d, BWI Äleiciio/ui of being an infoninr, avt, tmphtuu gratia unl ¡1'ho proved oao. «Vi-for Instaueo, \~o¡ ihianastie-win n ho said tho bays. Çwaai-n.. though "uVtvif-ho Bli auld say,. J'rettcrea now \- I'm adud.a! All tub» jwrdnccd a gr-at ofiectonOldChoeremnn. Ho lind never hml much hair ; but svhât> ho hid. began to- g..t tlniinui ana imniur oveiji mx. ne ¡ness paler nnd moro w*n; nnd scmnttm a of cn evening In wa« seen alttiug at lila disk with i pieci HIS long .»nn.T to his únalo, und \ I» bandabif ra It a fitco, i'ijnng. lint na mombil 'olthnS tioty could pity bim, evtn If hu itlt inclined, becawa tho Protident askl it waa Old Cheesunah's conteitneo. , S i Old (IhcDsonui) went on, and didn't he lead anil'oinblollla! Ol' eourav (ho Uaxor . nd lunn dvp his nose it him, and of roture she nid-becau o both of thom rlwas.^ Oo that at nil tho mastyn*-but ha influí eil IKim Ibu fellows m'st, and ho nu florid Iroin thom conttmOy., Ilemsirt.Id about it, thal the Soeietviould lind it out: but lui got no el edit tor Out, bieune tlu 1'irudtl.l tah', it waa O d Chorsem-iii'acotsatduo. He had only onu filelid hi the woiltl, ard that one w ns almost na p)* erle-a na ha xx tis, ft i It waa ouly Jane. Jane was a soit of ass »id« tobo wollun lo oin f.llovva, nui took care of tho boxes Sha had comu nt Ilr«t, I b.illevt», is a kind of npprelitico- aoinn of our ft How» ssv fiom n Chailty, but I don't kno-v and «ftoi liol timo was out, h-d «topped at so mneli-ft year,-so limo n-jnai, iKuhnpa 1 eu ¿lit lo say, for It Is far move likely. However, aho had put »«niii pounds 11 iha Pavings' Hank, and rho wat ft Vuij« nlco young woman She wai not quito pretty; but abo hud ft very frank, Innen, blight faio, end all our frllosvri were fond of her. Sho wnH uncommonly neat and «honrful, »,nd un eoiumonly cjtufoi tnble and kind. And if any- thing was tho matter with n fellow's muller, ho alwnys w cut and showed the Wier to Jane. Janu'svaa Old Choesiiiiau's filetid. 'J ho molo the Sollt I v wont ngnlnithim, the moio Tune atond hy him. She usjd to give him n gooJ-humoie.l look out uf her »tlll-ioom wbiduw, toinetiiniB, that teotuiid t> cot him u,» fui the dux. Sho mud to puss out of (ho muli sid mid the Mti-hen giitUm (always kept hie' ed, 1 bili, ve jon') tliumgh the pluy gi 0111.11, xvheii ahn might huso g. no thornhill wjiy, oiilv to glvo n lum of hoi b ul, as iniiib as to siy, ' Ix» p i'p Sum 8p'il(n!" to Old 1'hco.seiunu. 11 a »lip ol' a loum vviaio fte-b mid oi linly, Ilia' it w.'s well know II wli" li.okud al io i ¡I while ho visa ,i' bin di hit; nnd when our f. llowa MIVV II amoklng ho! dumpling eli his pinto at dlnu-'i, ti.ty Knew with Imllg Inn who lui J aalit ¡I up. Undi! I hi ni i in um»! mie», tia» Siitlx in- ii» d, i! el a i( nul il v 11 ni ling i ni di h lim r Hu! .Hilo hil nil lu li pi M d li HU! (Ill ( Inn mm t't ii mil Hut li »li ulii ni lu mu»! lo uni to C.iviniiv hu. a II H. a ,1 pul ill ii, In ni. I liv. thu I'u I deni, wa tppt lui d li sv ul nu lim» mid hil nu In» ot Iho volo Um Id ii tv hil b ni i n.Iv.i Hu | limul u i H m ti | , lui« Mu wa» vin um h iinji I I lui all hu j io 1 pi dilles, nnd llu io win n Mon' nb ul h i liiixliig ou i w illili Un II su. id in his iiwu ..Uni» nlul | o ti I II iw . II li III a x.i pimlelim.nl, u h u uni kind i mil nlnlil.i lout to (btv vii |iu! ulim illilui mu h U'i ibu )ob llowuxii, Ihov sx.nt up, a d thu Iii ridout tuld diiuu nil itl'nut It Up. II wliUh JAII« Uuiiod veij ici], luict It'OvVth, i ifo und !li>) Pr sid.nt and tho deputation, in a way not a', nil liko h r Ubtial wnjvthat til y w 13 a pned ef nulicious young savages, anl tur ,01 tho whole lospu t d body out of Uio room. Conncquililly it waa ei.toicd in T o Society's hook (("cptr in astronomical cy- pher, for f ar of detection), that nil oomninul e.iti in with Jano waa into dieted ; nnd the PrcMdont addicsscd tho meuibura on this convincing instance of Old Cho.s.man's under uiinhig. lint Jane was ns tula to Old Checseman'as »"*ld Checsomsn was inho to our fellmvr.-in their opinion nt til nvents-nnd stoadily con- tinued to bo his only fiiend. It was a gnat exits,)aiallon t) tao society, b cansa Jano was as much l>ss to them as sho was gain tn lum, nnd Peing moro invelo nto ngainFt Mm than cs'or, they trmtcd bim wotan than eve-. At lnct, ono morning, ' his desk alo »d cinptj', bia f j« m wra pupcd into and f-iiind 11 ho vacant, and a whiapwr went about among On pul.» faces of our fi-U"\v.s that O d Cnecs man, umbi a ti bear it airy longer, hsd got. np csrly and diowrcd hlnreif The Hij'oterioui bolts_of tho o'lier ma-tw« after bi-ta'tfust, and. the evid- nt faut that Old (JliOBsoman svns not cspected, confirmed the Sotiulj- in this op'nim. Somo hogan lo di'Cisi wht-tliT the President svns liable lo hangiag ( r o'/ly. rmispoi-taii rr for life, nnd the President's l'ai o hlnwod n gient anxiaty to tn w which. However, ho asid that a jury of bia country should find him gamo; and (¡hat ia lns_ addioss ho should put it to ti«ni to lay their hands upon their heart», »'id saj'whether 1hus-as Isr.toris appiortdof In forioera, and how tiny thought they wouid like i* thcmsUvcs. Some of tho Society consirlerod tint be lind better i un away until' ho found n Forest, whoro ho mijiht chang« clothes with a woodcutter and stain Ilh face with btrskberries; but the jiajbiity tolfuved that if ho'slood bia ground, bia father-be- longing as» ho did to the We»t Indies, aad bsing worth miiliona- could bery, him off. All oin fklloxva' hearts beat fast whon tim Itoveroud caine ill', and made n soi* of a Hainan, or n'b'ield Maiahnl of him'elf wit i ,the ruler; ni hoi always did beforo dellvt-iing ¡au nddress. But their u-ara were nothing to ¡iluir astonlsIiBicnt winn ho carno-ont svltb the story that Old Cho-sr-man, " so long om rffpot-tcd fiiiiid and filliw pilgrim in the pressant plains of- hnowhdgo," lu calltd bim -O yea! I dn»e Biyf- Much of (hat! was- tin orphan child' of a disinherited young ladv who- had' married against her fathtr'n svi»h, and Trhosu youi g husband had diedj and svbo lind died- of harrow h-raclf, and whose unfuiiuniito baby .(Old Cfresa mn»)'h'.«itl been brought up at tho coat-of a grandlath« vx ho sv. uld never consent to aee it, baby, tay, or man': which grandf.'thor was now diad, rnd survo bim riitht-tliat'a my putting in-and< wdiie-h grand faihuV largs prop-rtj-, theio Laing no still, wa» »w. and nil of a sudden» and for ov r, Old Chcesoman'rt! Our tO'bmg r-Kpc.-tid friend and feHôw-pilgiim in the pjenamt plains ot knowltdge. tile UevercïKl wound up a lot of bailaling quotation!« by paying, xxonln " cime nraoug us once more" that day f(nt night, whvn liu dt-aiied to take Icavo of us himself in a rnoixi paitictilar maniur. V7itu thoaii nord»1, In stnu-d severely round r-t our full 'W-a, .inri v.out Bolemnly out. There was precious consternation amt.ng this m-asbiis of the Siei'ty now. Lota- ol th'm ivaiitid to rt-clgo, nuJ lois mole bt-gan ?«o trj' to make out that'ihey had nevoi bo longed to it. Hois iver, the Piri-Uent alu-.-k np, nndisokl that tlu«j« ..trtt*t stand or frl together; o' d tint if a b,e-ach xvns mudo it .should bo over bia 1-ody- which was meant to ciico.irage the- ¡3- cut-: hut it d.tln't *lbo P^ei-idoit f I thai «ii lu «.u-asl cot t dir tho j os li n in wi ic!i thc-x s and «omi L,tve Ihtin hw las' of n o i and aduce in a few dais. Pi n, waiir-g ilk li «id for, a ha Inn n £ood deni ( f rho vi nil ti aecauut of his fullers being ni llu Wisl Indus Afiu dax s and dak s of 1 ard thinMng ard drain g nmicn al ox r his "-Into tho Vu t'ont call'd otu 1.11 iwfs tig thu und ii ade the molt r tloar Ho said it v. as , If n tiri irhon CM Chco tmrn («ino on tin a it nile 1 lnv, hi» fi st re\ ngo «xoald bo t ia «each this Souls x and havo it I lggel di r und V.I tr witnessing with priMln tai lui x1 hi tnemic», and ploa'ug ova.r the tri h Trhicli agony would (Mort fiooi thtin, th pro'a lilitj we-s that ho would invita thx H \e r nil, on picteiieo of tonto satioii, into a prlkatc mm-sis, tho parlor into i hi h o* cnts wera shewn, wirtre tho tv,a gita g1 bet wiro xihtch \\\c"o never u ed--mid wou d there re]roach h ai wi Ii tho kainui fiaids and oppvu-riono bo had enamel nt his ham's At ino ck to t'hii ob-iianlionx ho kkou'd rjako a nignal to a, piUdlgltu ern teak:.! 1u the pa» age, who wou'd tlian np'nar and f Hell into thu íleonrcnd til ho Mas left Insensible Old ClHcsoimn xiould thou in uko lune, a p rstvjit of from fivo to ta» p linds sid would leake tho c-tnlli huton tau ttendish t uinipli llio Puiid tit ox] lumad that against thi pailor patt, or tho Juno patt, of these aa .r.ingfiuent.s ho had ne thing tony ; but on the ¡part of tho S clcly, ho counseliód deadly re IslaUnie, Witli thb. vi.w. ho recommcniled ?that all available! dcsl'B- should bo fi lod with stones, and that tho first wo; d of tho complaint >hou!d bo thu signnli t» overy fellow to let Hy 'at Old Cliei-siiuxn. The bold advteu pt'i tho . oeiftj in better surit«, and was unanimously dititon. A post about Old Ohoesemau-'s fu j 'waa put np in the play-ground, and all our fallows practised, (tv It lilli it was Dieted all over. When the «.«y carno, and places woio called, ox'oiy ft How sat dowu in tv tremble, lhere bad luien much diseiis-ing and dts puling ns t > how Old C'aco'oman would come ; hut It was tho g'netol opinion Hutt ho »ou!d appear in a roi t of a triumphal car diawa by fo.r horses, va ith two ltv-'ry sei vants in ft out, and the I*iasnJrigl,tot- in di->pi*"so up behind. So. nil our follows sat listening for tlio sound of wheels. But nn wkei 1« wera" heil' (1. fur Old Chotseman wtlked ufter n'l, nul carno Into the school without any préparation. Piotly much AB ho used to ba'only dttss- d in Wauk. " Chntleiuon," said the llevoread, presont Ing him, " our co long respected ft tend and fellow pilgarn in tha ploa«nnt pla'iu e,f luio-.v lodge, is desiious to ofior a word or two. Attention, gamlo uni, «na and rt'l !" Every felPw Btolo his hand into his d Bli and lonkcd at the Pix aident The President was all ready, nnd taking aim at Old Choisi) man with his tyoi. What dil Old C'io.i-enian then,.lut walk up to lils old (lese, look round him willi a quer r-milo na if thero vins n tear in his eve, Hiiû bt gin lu a quavering mild v. ion, " My ?loar companions and old fi tondu !" Kvory fellow'« hand carno out of hi« desk, and tho Pretldcnt sudd lily began to cry, "My dear conipniii.ns anil dd fiiends," said Old Cliceseuian, " you havo beard of my good fortuno. I have pn ? d so iiiniu y.nra nullor tbU roof-my cut io life so fir, I may say-tim* 1 hopo j'ou havo been glud lo hoir ot it for my siUo. 1 could nuvei iiijoy it without oxelutij,tug congiatuhtlnnswltli jon. If vso hns'o usiir mlaundetstoud (.nu nnothtS at all, pre j', my dear boya, lot tia foi give and foi get. I hase n g eat tondtrncss lor jon, and 1 am sure you leturo it. I wnut, In thu ful- ness of n giiiteful hanrt, to shako hands with Mm ox oi y uno. 1 lins o como back to do It If son plea"o, mj thai boys. blneo the l'io«Uont find begun to cry, so semi ethel fulliwa had bioken outhuuim.l lliiit»' but now when Old UliLcacninn begun with him na lind bov, laid his left hand nf lu tlimatolj on lila (.boulder mid gilvo him ),!H light; nod when the Picaidcut sill .. Íntico 1 1 don't deaorso It, Sh ; upon m\ honoi 1 don'!,'1 thoie waa Bibbing and . iv ingall over the Behool lively (thui k11 .w ud hu di ¡'i.t det-uivo i', muí li in Um uno wax, lut Old (lu cannan not minding tint a hit, wolli dieu full) lotinl tnivuik bax, mil k limul mi willi ovu« ma lu - tin! hing eil lill' li \ ititi list iii n a MU\ U u ; lilli ilia* in aeoimr, kklm Um ,lw tk it ni d I Mi "t | ill! lillie!;! or (lilli I, t it i » tdiulilktii ' ¡-net ra liOllCliii-.it iniii' limn n1' Tho Wowt ntl g1 uid ilium ni ni ti H dil " Vr ("li oimin, bit " lint ii 11 hu s ut in 11 1 H'lng Ihnl ho lik d his lil tinimi i j' ill d ni bettet lliun ll's mik o m ill tun I Un d tunk up the ilk , und, im 1 1 ti'i i in ik htiw in uiv uiltiiitis, I li e i is wn» null killumi ting tri lu! mid hum!*, mid multa i min,! of Old Cli (stimm, us iii vii w islit aid A1111 Unit, Ihtiio wat. II ipiond In Hu liin'uiL, molli ol the nii'ttt mngiiillcint kimi fowls, longues, proveí vi H, li nil«, lonfecllon. talen, J»His,s, uttfiutN, bulli«« -nugal temples. IriuV, craekiüs- cat nil j'ou can and pocket what you like-all at old Ohccunan'a a pouse. After that, spo ches, whole ho'.idoj tlouble aid licb'.o sels of all manneis of thiisgs for all manneis of games, donkeys, poney ehuisea at d dilvo yourself, dinner for nil the maslora at tho deven .Bells (twenty poundé a-head our follows (Minuted it at), an annual holiday,, end feast fixed for that day eveij' year, and nnotlirt on Old Choet'oumu's -birth-daj--Kcvci end bound d wn bi-foro tho ' fellow s tj nllow it, H > that ho could never back out-all nt, Old Choueram'a expenso. And didn't our fellows go down in a body nnd chobv outside the Soven B Ila? O no 1 lfut thoio'a «jomelhlng olso besides Din'l, look nt iho next story teller, for there's more yet. Next day it "was icsolved that tho ?o eietj'shjuld nuko it up with Jane, and then bo tllsaols'od. »Vint, do you think of .Inno being gon-, though ! "What? Gonn for ever?" said oui' fj'.ous, with long fa-cs " Yes, lo bo fine," v»oi nil the answer the.y could get. Nono-of iho people ub.ut thd hoip o would eaj' anything more. At length the fir-t boy t.ok u,on' himB>.lf to'ask tho Reverend whether our old fri-nd Jane svns rea'Iy gone ? Tho llnverend (ho has got a dattghtar nt homo-turn-iip nobo, and red) ropliol severely, " Yes Sir; Mus Pitt ia gono." TI»» i iea of ealllng îîano, »Mira Pitt ! Sumo said tlio had b-en tevit away io dis- grace for taking monuy fiom Old Ohccserftan ; other« said «hu had gone into Old Chwao m.-m'rr service a« a liso of ten pouuda a-year. All Jhat our fellcas know, wasrthat she was gone. It svas two or three months-^aftwwntds, when, eno nftornoon, an o,cn carrnigo'etoppctî at the cricket hold, just outside bounds, w-iti a lady and gentleman in it, who looked at the garño a long thud nnd stood u*> to see it, played. Nobodj' thought much about thurn, until the tamo little shivolling chap enm» in, against all'iuli-B, fr. ni' tho "post w-hoio ho was Sfout, ancVsnid, "ItVJcne!" Both Klex'ens fo'.Vot the game diroctly, nnd ran crowding round the carriags. It waa.lane! lo« »v sit a bonnet I And if you'll believe mo, Juno waa inaniod to Old Choc»oman. ¡ It toon btoârne quito a regular Ihiiig win n '¡our fellows wine hard at it in tho plajgrcnnd, . to seo a carnigo at the low part of the wall | where it juins tho high part; and a lady and gnntleiti.m staaning up in it, looking o'/cr. Tho genll-maiv wa» always Old Cheeteman, aird tl.o lfldy wa» always Jona. Tlio .first liinu 1 ever saw thom, I saw Iheai io» that way. There bad been a good many changes among- «ur fellows then, and it hr.'i turned out that; Bob Tartar'ti frthcr wasn't worth millions 1 Ha was-n't .worth a»> thing Iîob hal gone for a goldie, nt.dilOld Clicest man-hadpuichased hisdisebaige. Dut thitt'tt not tho carriage. Ti.-o eaiTiage stvipped, and all our fellow.) otoppod as coo» as it was seo». " 3t» yon havo never rent rae to Coventry after a'l !" said this lady, laughing, as our IVl'oiYs swAiinod up llio wall- to sinke banda with her, "A'o you nover going to do it'.'."' " îî«vir! nevei !.novt»rI" on all sidefl. I dhlu't unítcratudid . what shemoLnt then, but of couts» 1 do now. I wae-vsry much phased with hir fa o though, aud k.itli her goud «ray, and I couldn't, help looking at her -add at him t' o-wHi all our leUowacluslcr ii'íí so joyfully about- them. Thus "soon took n< Ijce of me as a-new 1 oy, to I tliought I miglitus well swarm np ihe wall myself "mid shako hands will them«»t-.io n»t did. I.wtsqu'tu as glad to t cn tltf-m ns tin lebt wore,'nnd was qçjto as familiär willi ilium ina moment. " Only a forlniphi now," said Oki Checfo inaii, "VJ the holidays. Who iti.ps ? Any- body ?" A coid manv fingers p- inttd at KIO, and .-. good many vcii-es ttisd, .' Ho dr.eït" For it, WAS tilt* y.-ar when you were allaway; and rather In v 1 was about it, 1 can tell yen. "Oh!" said Old. Oh-thamnu. "Hut, ¡tv solitaiy biro in tbo-lwliday lima. Ho hati b. tte-r come to us." Eui wiiit ti theiritkligblfnl houait, and w.*,a aa happ.y na 1 cot-Id po»aibly b). Thus- un deittanrt how- to i-imdiitt Ihumsehi-B-lnvvttriVi li.ij t>,.thej' dr-,. WTu-n thuy lake n, b»x- to thu play, fur in-tanci', tiley do take him." They don't git In after ita I egim, or c ima-out- baii-ru ils over, Thej k-.iow Hew io brir.jtn boy tip» too. loo k nt their own I TT.uugh ho ia xiiy linio nj yet, ivhat a capittiltboj'btsia.!, Why, mv noxt fiviuit) to Jira. Cluisoïiisa) ' and Old Chi)ts,;msn is j-oung Chosaoni.-io. Po. uow I havo told you all I know nbixui Old Cheo-oman. And ¡l'a not much after a 1, lim afraid. Is:!'.' 