WESLEY AN CHAPEL, MOUNT BARKER. On, Sunday evening, last, the 16th instant, the Rev. Joseph Dare; preached his farewell sermon to the congregation .assembling in this place of worship, on die occasion of his removal to the Adelaide' Circuit. The text was..from. the Acts of the Apostles -xx.:32-— " And now, brethren, I.command yodto God, and to the word of his grace, Which is able to build yon-up, and to give yon an inheritance among all them that^j ,are sanctified." M i The sermon was in the usual fervid and eloquent style of this beloved and .devoted young minister, aud the thrilling appeals made, especially when, in the words of the Apostle, he challenged his Congre gation—" Wherefore I take you to • record this day that I am pure from the blood of all men," had A powerful effect upon his audience, and met with'a ready respouse in every .breast. The chapel was crowded to excess, the aisles and every available space about the commuuiou being literally crammed, aud numbers who were unable to get admittance re mained outsi le. On the following afternoon (Monday), he Was in vited to a social tea meeting in the chapel, which was handsomely provided by the ladies of his congrega tion ; after which a public meeting was held,- When a testimonial, consisting of a parse of 80 sovereigns, was presented to him, with a request that - he- woulcl out of that amount procure for himself a c py of the latest edition of the " Encyclopaedia Britannica. The meeting was commenced bytsinging the 697th hymu, after which the Rev. Henry Jordan, the new minister, engaged in prayer. The Chairman (Mr. John Dunn, sea.), ia opening the business part of the meeting, stated that although this proceeding was not altogether in accordance with the genius of Methodism, yet on account of Mr. Dare's having been the first settled Wesleyan Minister in the district, and the father (to nse the words of the speaker) of this circuit, and on account of the great success that had, under the blessing of God, attended his labours, the testi monial was as justly meritedas it was cordially given; while at the same time, from the peculiar circum stances of the case, no abuse was likely to creep into the Wesleyan system from this instance being re garded as a precedent for the future. After a brief review of the history of Methodism here, as far as his own personal knowledge extended, he passed a de served eulogium upon the respected guest of the evening, and called upon Mr. J. B. rihepherdson, who, in presenting the tes timonial, addressed Mr. Dare as follows :—Reverend and dear Sir—:It is with great pleasure, though not without considerable diffidence, that I respond to the invitation of your attached friends, to present you, on the present occasion, with a parting memorial of their esteem and Christian affection. To justify the course adopted in this matter, which in the opinion of many, as a general principle would be objection able, I may be allowe I briefly to glance at the his tory of Methodism in this district, with a view of showing how highly the cause is, under God, in debted to you, sir, .for its present advanced and flourishing condition. Having been one of the first settlers, and a resident in this district for a period of fifteen years, and the first individual in the district to receive the Wesleyan minister into my house, and to open it for public service in connection with that body, I may be supposed to be tolerably conversant witli the details of th: progress of Methodism here. It may witb great troth and propriety be said of its commencement aud progress for a considerable period, "small and feeble was its day." I have a pretty vivid recollection of the first visits of that devoted man of God, the Rev. John Kggleston, who first laboured in this district in connection with the Adelaide Circuit, at some what irregular, and frequently at distant intervals, and I can well remember the journeys I sometimes took with him through the then intricate hush, to find out any little settlements, such as cattle and sheep- stations, where he might have an opportunity of promoting the interests of the cause of his Divine Master, whom he so ardently loved and so faithfully served, in administering to the lone settlers iu this then distant bush, the Word of life, and in pointing the anxious enquirer to " the Lamb of God who taketh away the sin of the world." The population, although gradually increasing, was, for a long time, thin aud scattered, and the older settlers present, especially our worthy friend the Chairman, will remember that the pastoral and agricultural interests of the colony were at one period, and for a con siderable time, iu a very depre-sed condition, so that little indeed could be d me, by the comparatively few who were so disposed, towards the support and main tenance of religious ordinances; and the visits of the respected gentleman I have mentioned, and of his successors, were indeed " like angel visits, few and far between." The quarterly collections, for a long time seldom exceeded a very few shillings; now they amount in this branch of the circuit alone to several pounds. I well recollect, Sir, when you first came among us, four years ago, matters were in a very unpromising state. We were indebted to the kind ness of a friend, a member of another commuuiou, for being allowed to hold pubiic service in an incom modious slab lint; now we are privilged to worship in the elegant and commodious sanctuary in which we are met this evening; and when we look throughout the circuit, and observe temples dedicated, and to be dedicated, not to the Unknown God, but to the Triune Jehovah, some already completed and others progressing towards completion, in localitie-s so lately trodden only by the savage and deeply degraded aborigines of this land; and when we contrast the present flourishing state of the cause of the Redeemer in this district, with what it was four years ago, and trace your connection with its advancing prosperity in your faithful, laborious, self-denying aud enlightened labours of love, we feel you have made " full proof of your ministry," and we are led by the retrospect, in adoring wonder, to ex claim " What hath God wrought! " And now, Sir, I may be allowed a few words on the subject of the testimonial, with the presentation of which I have been entrusted this evening. A sum of eighty pounds (£80) has been voluntary contributed in an incredibly short space of time, and I believe it is the wish of the donors that, out of the sum so collected, you should procure for yourself a copy of the latest edition of the " Encyclopaeiia Britannica," substan tially and elegantly bound, with a suitab'e inscription in gold letters upon a red or black morocco ground, and that the residui of the sum subscribed should be left to your uncontrolled disposal. I am happy to understand that this entirely meets your own views; and as many here may not know the nature of the work to be procured, I may simply observe that it is, what its name imports, a circle of the sciences; and as 1 bad tbe honour ot suggesting the nature of the testimonial, it may not be amiss for me to say a few words in explanation of my own views in proposing it, and in justification of sucb a mode of appropriating a portion of the funds collected. Many well meaning people may have thought that some theological works would have been more appropriate. Works of this class 1 hope I should be the last to undervalue, but I happen to know th it your library is already pretty well stocked with such. There are some persons in the present day, who think a minister's studies should be wholly confined to.: the Bible and to works of an exclusively religious ; character, and that human learuiug is not only uu-! necessary, but that it is positively dangerous, and has a tendency to impair a minister's relish for divine things, his zeal For God's glory and the salvation of his own soul, and that it is calculated to foster pride and self-esteem; nay, some would seem to love ig-. norauce even for its own sake, and to think know ledge a very dangerous thing, and would almost go to the extent of adopting the popish maxim, that "Ignoranceis the mother of devotion;" but what says the great Apostle of the Gentiles, in his instruc tions to Timothy as to the qualifications of persons to be appointed to the ministerial office: " The things thou hast heard of me among many witnesses, that commit thou to faithful men, able to teach others also." Now allow me to ask whether ignorance can confer this pre-requisite to the ministerial qualifha tion, ability to teach others ? Need I go beyond' the pale of Wesleyan Methodism for examples of ministerial usefulness being eminently promoted by human learning ? May I not point to the late excel . lent and venerated Dr. Adam Clark; one of the most learned, and at the same time one of the most useful men 'of his day: a man who was honoured by the Royal Commission on the public records of the king dom, with the appointment to" revise' and form a supplement aud continuation of that great national work "Rymer's Fcelera;" aud what does he say on . tbe subjectof human learning ? I quote from his " Let ter to a Preacher:"—" With an eye constantly directed' to the increase of your knowledge and experience in the thingsof God, acquaint yourself as much as pos sible mthevery' branch" of science. No man. can fully explaurthe Bible who has not a general ac qaaintance With the most important sciences and arts. The .Bible,.-considered'even as a human'hom-. position, is a book, of the greatest learning under' henven, and there is scarcely an art or science which is not alluded to in it; and images frequently' borrowed from them .illustrate those sacredtrdths whiehtfae Spirit of God declares. It would be the easiest thjng among ten thousand to prove, that there ' are multitudes of texts in that blessed book, which no man can explain who has not a tolerable knowledge. of history, chronology, geography, astronomy, ana tomy, and chemistry. If this he the -case '(and it' would be easy to demonstrate it), What pretensions can an ignorant person haVe, however pious, to ex plain this book ? Illiterate piety may he useful in'' exhorting sinners to return to God, and pointing out,'' in a general way, the path that leads to God through Christ; but it certainly cannot, without inspiration explain and apply the deep things of God."... Arndhe adds, that " Religion is. discredited while professed" witho ut: kno wledge' The study of the 'sciences and arts discloses the -magnificence of the operations of the great Creator, as well as Bis. stupendous wisdom, power and goodness; and the pioos Christian minister who has imbibed a taste for pursuits of this, kind, and has learnt the habit of applying the know ledge he has acquired in subordination to the grand and pre-eminent-aim of his life, will lay all his stores' of knowledge under contribution, in discharging the ' -duties of feeding - " the flock of Christ, over whom the Holy Ghost has made him an overseer;" and a mind so cultivated will, in the words of the jBanZqf Avon, find " Tongues in trees—books in the running brooks—sermons in stones, and good in everything." So much then, Sir. with respect to the testimonial and of your esjiecial claims upon us; and in now pre senting it to you, allow me for your encouragement and for the strengthening of your hands in your future labours, to assure you, that with it you carry with you, what I know you value- far more highly, the affectionate regards of a people, many of whom will be your joy and crown of rejoicing in the presence of our Lord Jesus Christ at his coming, and whose ardent desire and prayer is, that your future life may be happy—that your success in your new sphere of labour may, if possible, exceed that with which your labours have been crowned in this circuit; and that when your earthly labours shall terminate, you may enjoy the full Fruition of the bliss of those who, having been instrumental in turning " many to righte ousness, shall shine as the stars for ever and ever." The Rev. Mr. Dare with considerable emotion re plied, detailing in affecting terms his various dis-, couragements and successes duriug his four years' sojourn in this his first circuit, to which indeed he came from his father's honse; from tho domostif f ir cle. He alluded in forcible terms to those whom the Lord had given him as " seals to his ministry," and " exhorted them all that with purpose of heart they would cleave unto the Lord." He mentioned the anxiety he had felt as to who was to be his successor, and the pleasure it afforded him to find in the Rev. Henry Jordan all that could be desired; entreating his friends to encourage and hold up the hands of his beloved brother in the ministry, and concluded by tendering his cordial thanks for the parting memorial of their affection, And for the flattering terms with which it had been presented. The Rev. H. Jordan addressed the meeting at con siderable length, in a speech replete with good sense and good feeling.: sympathising with the friends for the. loss they were about to sustain in the removal ■ of their justly beloved Pastor, and be speaking for himself their assistance and prayers. He said he had. sometimes been almost led to think if there was anything in the economy of Methodism he would like to see altered, it would be the system of itinerancy, but that notwithstanding the frequent and painful severance of the relatious between pastor and people which itinerancy involved, the "experience of a century had proved the system to be aood. The 9th and following verses of the 5S7th hymn, commencing " Our souls are in his mighty hand--," were sung, and accompanied by the excellent har monicutn with which this chapel is furnished, when Mr. J. Dunn, jan., made some appropriate observa tions, and after a vote of thanks to the ladies for pro viding the excellent tea, and another to the Chair man for his conduct in the chair, the meeti ug separated. The chapel was filled almost to overflowing, and the occasion was oue of peculiar and affecting in er est, and will not soon be forgotten. Uley Chapel, Gawler Hills.—The third anniversary of the above Chapel was held on Sunday, the 9th instant, when appropriate sermons were preached, that in the morning by the resident mi nister, that in the afternoon by the Rev. W. Tre-' gellas (Wesieyan), and that in the evening by the Rev. J. M. Lewis (Independent.) On the following day the friends of this infant cause, about 150 in num ber, took tea in the chapel. The repast had been liberally provided by the ladies of the neighbour hood. At seven o'clock the chair was taken by Mr. Barker, who, after a suitable introductory address, called upon the treasurer, Mr. D. Garlick, to read a statement of accounts for the past year. Admi rable addresses were then delivered to a very nume rous and highly respectable audience, by the Rev. J. Moir, of the Free Church, and the Revds. Messrs. J. M. Lewis and Tregellas; also by Messrs. White, Watson and Williams. Many friends, owing to the very crowded state of the chapel, were obliged to re tire, whilst many more remained without the build ing. That great interest was taken is evidenced by the fact, that the small balance in the hands of the treasurer was augmented by the services to between £50 and £60. The improvements now contemplated, and some of which are in course of accomplishment, are the plastering of the exterior of the walls of the chapel, the building of a vestry, and a shed for visitors' horses. The handsome and substantial stone wall. and iron gates by which the building had been en- closed during the preceding year, gave to the contri butors unqualified satisfaction. St. Peter's Church, Glenelg.—At the usual anuual meeting on Monday last, Messrs. Cow ard and Smith were appointed wardens for the ensuing year, and Mr. Col ley delegate to the Dio cesan Assembly. It was determined to recommend the seatholders to increase the salary of tlie clergy man, the Rev. J. B. 1 itherington, which at present is only £100 a-year, by voluntary additions to the j pew-rents. On the following day the children of the Sunday-School, about 150 in number, were entertained at a rural festival by the ladies of the neighbourhood. Prizes were distributed, arid the day was passed in feasting and harmless mirth. His Excellency and Lady Young were present, besides most of the lead ing residents of GTenelg and its vicinity. Trotting Match.—The match for .£20 a-side between Mr. H. EL Bickford's b.g. Dick and Mi. Thomas's b.m. Maggie, distance three miles, came off on Wednesday afternoon, starting .from the Lass o' Gowrie, Lower North-road, and .winning..at the Coach and Horses, Salisbury. At the start,. Dick took the lead for one hundred yards, when the mare came alongside, and headed him a couple of lengths. They carried on in this position for three quarters of a mile; the gelding then shot a-head for. three or four lengths, when he broke, but his jockey having, him well in hand, turned, and put him to his work again, when he creeped upon the mare, and passed her ; and when within a little better than .half a mile ' of home, Maggie broke down, D.ck going in an easy winner by about 150 3*ards. . . , Society for, the Importation of Pure Draught Entire Horses and Mares.—We-are much pleased to notice that a meeting of the share holders of.the.company formed for the importation of draught stock is . advertised to be held at Mr. Baker's office, King. William-street, on Saturday, 29th inst., at 2 p.m., £>r the purpose of finally establishing the society, and to adopt rules for the. management of • the same. Sharp Practice.—Thos. Powell;, a carter, was charged in the Police Court, on Wednesday, with being so far from1 his horse and drav as not to have proper control of them. He stated that he had some business in the Magistrates' office, and went In to speak tothe Jlerk for a few- miOutes; when he came out a policeman had charge of his horse and dray, and detained Mm'so that he lost the whole evening. He was fined ten shillings. SoMMARYPtrNiSHMENT.—OnThursdayafter-. noon the Inspector of Nuisances..ever on the watch, i espied a WiUunga farmer, named John Jones, riding J upon his six- bullock dray. in. King William-street, having no person on foot. to guide the team. The ruthless offieial .huiried , the ill-starred charioteer to die Poliee-n3i.ee,, where . .he .pleaded. guilty , to .. the. charge, and ifas fined ten shillings. .. \ 