LAW INTELLIGENCE. SUMEME ClHlliT.-FRIDAY. SITTINGS con THE Tut AL OF CAUSES. (Bofore tho CHIEF JUSTICK and a Jury of four.) ' TOWNS V. SEROUANT. i Tilia was n croan action bronyrht by Cnptnin I Towns ngiiinsf tho ninster ol' one ol' his whuling ! vesaols, who recovered a lbw dil j's ugo in an action against Captain Towna. Misconduct und other mutton. «Indi were tho grounds of defence. in tho oilier notion wore tho grounds ol' tho pliiiutiif's declumtiu» in thia. ThoSüLiciToii-GoKitALinü Hinted that the pluinüll' hud just eouseuted to aliaiidon. tho action on tho understanding that ciioh party was to pay his own couts, and Huit tho ngruemeiit was not to compromiso tho ? ?hdutiif's proceedings 14)011 tho questions reserved in his favour ou the trial of 1 ho previous cuso. Air. UAH VA LL.on buhulf of tho doleitduul, sluled that hu considered this 11 liberal oller on tho part of Cap- tain Towns, und acceded to it. t. LO YO V, SMITH. This wns an notion for runt duo under a lenso of premises comprising threo houses in Uridgc-streut. Tho declaration alleged u lotting of thu premises to tho defendant under lease. Thu defendant pleaded thut, except us to ono of tho houses, hu was uover indebted, mid paid £20 into Cuiirt, us parcel of tho rent of that house, mid ns to tho hulunco of tho samo rent was willing to net oli a sum duo by tho plaintilf ; und us to tho rest of tho premisos llie defendant novor received possession, l'tio pliiintilf accepted tho molloy ¡laid into Court ns parcel of tho rent, und joined issue upon all tho other pious. Mr. UAH VAIL and Mr. STEPHEN appeared for the phiintitf, und Mr. HoLitoto for tho defendant. A preliminary question, whether tho defendant could gt vu evidence of not liuving got possession in mis wer to declaration of a liability mular leuso was ruled by his HONOK against tho defendant. .Such evidence might bo given in a cross action by tho defendant. Tho only question then remaining to ho tried was tho set-olf alleged in tho pleadings. Tho account sot-olf consisted of law expenses incurred by thu defendant upon an alleged agree- ment with tile {iliii II tl it" j that ho was to tie allowed half thu ousts incurred in cjeoting under who held possession of two of tho houses. Tho ejectment failed uguiust these persons owing to some infor- mality. Un tho' other side, Mr. Hellyur, tho Agent lor tho plulntill', stilted that his instructions »ere to allow ono liuif tho costs to tho defendant if it wero right to do so, hut at tho samo limo to hold him responsible for tho rent. Ho did not consider tho deleiidiuit under the circumstances entitled to un allowance of £31} lös., huir' tho costs incurred in tho ejectment. Tho jury returned a verdict for tho plaintilf, damages £111 2s. JDIIORS FINED. The following jurors wera tined £2 each, for non attendance: Messrs. John Walker, John Alexander, J, Lr. Cohen, 1!. U. Weekes, J. Cooke and A. i'. Wilshire ; Mr. T. Wlnguto £'J, having been absent I also ou tho preceding uuy. [ i'UM.KH V. MACINTOSH. This was an notion for assault mid battery, and for falso imprisonment, and a malicious prosecu- tion. All these chargea wero ulloged in the declaration. Tho defendant pleaded not guilty and u special plea ot justification. Mr. UitoAOuuiisT appeared for thc plaintiir, and Mr. UAH vALL for the iiel'cmhmt. . Tho plnintilfs daughter «us tenant to, the defendant nt Lune Cove, and on hor removal to Sydney u dispute ii roso about tho rent, which ended ju the alleged ussuult. Tho ptain till' mid his sun were with three carts removing the tenant's furniture, and sho was herself with hor children in ono of thu carts' when tho defendant mot them. Ho wus uttered a month's rent, but refused to take less than rent fur three mouths. Tho plaintilf then followed him back to tho house to try to prevail upon him to tuite thc rent,and was violently assaulted with a heavy paling and left almost senseless by a blow on tho head. Thu phdiuilf's daughter saw him rising lrom tho road, bleeding from the head, and tho duioudutit running away. They went to tho neighbouring hutiso of a schoolmaster, wheru thu defendant hud ulready arrived ; then tho latter sought to induce them to forego ii prosecution fur tho assault. Tho schoolmaster, u person named Lomas, corrobo- rated this evidence as to what took place in his house, where tho defendant came to lum fur pro- tection, " looking ns pulu us u ghost ;" this appeal ed to him to hu rallier ridonlous, as tho duleudaut was able to beat both him (the witness; and thu plaintilf together. After this tho pinindi! was urrosled «non a charco bv t.o present defendant, uiiil froseoiited by hi ni ut tho" ]>o)iuu otlioe, wfoero thu magistrate lined Iii ni uuu shilling fur nu ussmilt. Tho defendant's cuso HUS n direct | contradiction of thu plniulilPs evidence, und u statement thnb tho ussnult und battery woroon thu other sido. Thu defendant himself described with very minuto pnrticu)..iity uvery thing Unit ho uliogod to huvo oeuitrred in tho assault-how tho plaintilf forced open tho dcor-tho numbul' of blown )u, inllioted up. II deii>udunt, and how ho toro dcloiiduut'a cont und kiuked liiiu on tho ground, tho defendant afterwards hud tho plaiutilt tinder »lascnlllo outsidu tho door, mid lie punched him "'?th a sharp und of a paling, but could not strike aya¡n when lie MIW tho bluud coming. Tho plaintiff got up and Inllo.vod him, and attempted lo make liiiu tight outsido tho house. Tho school- master did not seo murks upon him, but bu was not black and hine I rom tho blows tor a day or two afterwards. Ur. Dennett prescribed for him in consequence of a kick from tho plaintilf. Tho Jury, without hearing counsel lui* tho plaintilf in reply, Intimated that they had mudo up their minds upon thu evidence, and in favour of thu phiiutilf, JJam..ges fur tho plaintilf fur tho malicious proscoutioii X-1U ; for tho assault £4(1. His Hutton then asked tho jury whether they believed thu evidence of tho defendant. The jury replied limy tlid not. Ho thou said, ho would cum uiit thu iloreiidiinl for perjury ; lui would soizo this opportunity rigorously to endeavour to stop the 101 rent ot' perjury lci'looso upon this Court, The defendant should'bo admitted to lull ¡li tho sum ut' X'JUO, and ono or more scmiritics lu tho sum of jCïtW. moro i und tho plalntllV should enter into "eourity In tho sum of ¿CIUO to prosecute. S.tTURIiAY. SITTINOS »nit Tim Knut, or CAusr.s. ( Uoforo Mr. Justice DICKINSON, and u Jury of four.) tiHtllül C. SVP.NKV. Till» Wim un uetiun lin' lona mid duniogo mm tidneil by thu dofondiint iiudurUkinu; a cuwtruct which ho wu* iiK'imiiiotoiiI. lo lieiforin. Thu con- tract WIM to build un ot un l'ur Mi'. Tinner, mljolii . im,' tho iireiniHi'8 which lu« wits ubout to lot on tho North Shore. Mr. lluoAuiiuiiHT ii)i|iourcd for llieiilidnllfl, mid Mr. MKTMOTT und Mr. STKNIRN for tho defoiidunt. 'fha pluintlir« »<yidouco, curruborttled by w»vcri»l nltitwim, "ft» to tho niTect (Inti lu tumje it t orbul »greement willi (hédéfendant io doth» work for,. £50, und whilst it WM being dono it appeared to , him it could »ot aland, and in thia opinion lie waa confirmed by tradesmen and ot hera. The defeii tUnt, however, persisted in saying he knew ld» business, and took oflbneo whin Hny of the othor witnesses expressed un opinion ? to him of tho unsoundness of tho work. The building tumbled down twice, in cansí-quenco of which tho plaintiff lost £40 paid on account of limo, bricks, and other materials, und seven weokh' rent at, £3 a week, tho whole being estimated at £157. Ho offered to let tho dofendant oil' for tho £40 paid him which the defendant agreed to when tho jilaintih" might huvo j signed judgment by default, but afterwards put tho trouble und costs of this ne, ¡un. Tho evidence on tho othor sido was tho defendant's own cross^ ! swearing of overy thing alleged by tho plaint ¡fl' i and his witnesses. Ho produced à written cou : tract, which hosworo tho plaintiff assented to, and which tho latter in his direct evidenco and when called in reply swore positively ho never saw or hoard of betöre. The defendant swore the founda- tion agreed upon was changed by tho plaintiff, and a now ono staked out by himself tho dofendant and ono of tho plaintiff's witnesses, which this witnesssworo iras never done. So every substantial allegation on ibo part of tho plaintiff mot with a flat cnntiadiotion. One witness, it youth, deposed for tho defendant that the work was sound, und tho faillira was owing to tho badness of the silo on which tho oven was erected. Tho Jury, without hearing counsel for tho plain- tiff to the end of his reply, intimated that they were ngroed. Verdict for the plaintilf, damages £91. IN EQTJITV. (Boforo the CHIEF JUSTICE) WEST ». FULTON AND ANOTHER. Tho argument in this ease was resumed. Tho plaintiff sought spécifia performunco of the salo of a pro crty which tho defend- ant hud ' sold over again, alleging that tho phdntiiT had abandoned his contract on ac- count ol' 601110 def'eotof title, und that tho second salo was miller a now title, it Government, grant. Tho pliii nt i fl' hy ulliduvit denied thc abandonment of his purchaso ; ho on tho contrary remained in possession and sought specific performance us soon as ho heard of thu grant obtained. Tho purchase money "waa not all paid in tho second sale, nor was tho si'do registered. Counsel wore heard ateoiisi dcraiilo length. His HONOR reserved Judgment. CAUSE LIST.-Thu following is tho list of causes for trial this duyi-Johnson v. Dickson; I'nzey ». White; Erlum and another t>, Wall; Hayes v. Hughes; ltyan f. Whitfield; Jones and'others v. ¿abell. 