iSritigf) extracts. I THE FRENCH IN ALGERIA. The French have J some fighting in Algeria. The Governor General attacked a body of Kabyles drawn up by a most formidable position in the stain of to Beni Denned, killed forty and took twelve "cholera. The French had three killed and thirty wounded. At El Had, also -an engage pent took place between a French division, under GeneraLJUac-Mahon, and the warriors of Bernstorff, the Beni Kila, and Art Chaffe. The result was that the Kabyles, though occupying a strong position, were routed. Their loss is estimated at about fifty killed and one hundred wounded, and fifty muskets or other men were taken from them. The French had one killed and fifteen wounded. After these [engagements the Beni ocean, the Easter "ar, and the Zerfaoua sent in their submission The Beni Denned still held outstation at Albion, June 19 RISE IN THE PRICE OF NEWSPAPERS move' sent is going on in Glasgow to raise the price of newspapers, owing to the great advance which has lately taken place in the charge for materials ABirminghom paper has taken the initiative. Liverpool Albion, June 26. TELEGRAPHIC CABLE. Captain Hendley, of h steamer Monarch, has succeeded in picking the telegraphic cable lost about a year ago the Irish Channel. The cable measures six ja miles in length, and weighs about one hundred tons. Liverpool Albion, June. 19. THE LAST MOMENTS AND BURIAL OF CAPTAIN ,IFFARD.-The Kreutz Zeitung gives the folowing description of the last moments and trial of Captain Giffard :-" We have received interesting dates from Odessa of the 2d of June. On that day, at three p.m., the interment of Captain Giffard, of the Tiger, took place. By of her of General Osten-Sacken, the whole crew, P prisoners of war, as well as the Governor-General } members, with the other military authorities, ended the funeral. A Russian battalion in eade order formed an escort to the coffin, and jd the usual volleys over the grave. Nearly a whole population was afoot, and followed the occasion. The sturdy General Osten Sacken "ok the deepest interest in the fate of the captain during the illness. A little before his death, Giffard called the crew around his bed, and said Lads, you owe your lives to my being rounded; this hindered me from blowing up the ship. Farewell ! Greet our dear England for me when you see it. After these words he asked for a glass of lemonade, turned his face from the sailors to the other side, and gave up in ghost. Bell's Weekly Messenger, 26th une. SINGULAR MATRIMONIAL MISTAKE. There has been a good deal of gossip occasioned at Wortley and Holbeck during the past week by a curious marriage blunder. The bride and bridegroom accompanied by an individual who was to act as the father and give away the bride, presented themselves for marriage, at Wortley Church, on Saturday morning last. The were only was gone through with the greatest enmity, and the parties entered the vestry to on the register and strange to say, the bride 'J been married to the father instead of to the "legions. The clergyman, having no knowledge of the parties, was entirely free from blame, and said to the bride, (pointing to the father,) " You are that man's wife." "Oh, sir, that cannot be he is already married and has a small family." Of course all parties were amazed at the blunder ; the clergyman did not know what to do under the circumstances until he had got the advice of some higher authority, and they were requested to call again. The parties went to the church again on Monday, if imparted by the bride's own father, and were carried properly. Leeds Times. THE NEW YORK FAILURES There has been light recovery from the panic in the New k money market caused by the discovery of Bayley's defalcations ; but several large fail s are reported, including that of the Boston i of Willis and Co., exchange brokers, with politics for £3,000. Spectator, July 29. EXTRAORDINARY SUICIDE IN INDIANA letter to Lucknow states that a poor Indian milk \, who was pestered by his creditors, mur of his family and committed suicide in an extraordinary manner. After winning his wife of - to his sad determination, he proceeded, in order to preclude the possibility of escape, to bind her, together with his children, firmly down to the ground, and locked the door of the apart- ment, and, after having plenty of combustible matter, such as straw, cowdung, and bamboos, about the house, the poor wretch, with stoical firmness, wrapped his body well round with cotton, and, barricading the doors, set the house on fire, which being rapidly enveloped in flames was soon consumed, together with the unfortunate suicides. Liverpool Albion, July 31. PEACEABLE STATE OF ARMAGH. At a meeting of the magistrates of Armagh, on Thursday se'nnight, it was resolved that the police force of the county should be reduced from 97 I to 26 ; the peace of the county justifying that step Spectator, July 29. THE SUBMARINE TELEGRAPH IN THE MEDITER- RANEAN. The electric cable has been laid down between La Spezzia and Corsica, and between Corsica and Sardinia Spectator, July 29. A WHOLESALE MURDERESS woman has been committed at Villa Vigo, in Portugal, for murdering nine infants : she made a trade of de st" lying illegitimate children. Liverpool Al don, July 31. NAPLES letter from Naples says, that the Neapolitan Government, which has long prac upon the system of reading private letters, has now commenced to open the English and American official communications. Liverpool Albion, <>'¡ly 31. THE HARVEST IN FRANCE There are very fa venerable accounts of the progress of the harvest in France : the produce is expected to be one inch above the average. Spectator, July 29. AN AGED CLERGYMAN The oldest of the clergy of Rennes, and probably of France, M. Delaunay, cure of Romagne, near Fractures, died lately, at the age of ninety-six. He had exercised his sacred profession seventy-one years Spectator. MUNIFICENT GIFT TO A COLLEGE. The Rev. Dr. Nott, for 50 years President of Union College in the State of New York, has made a donation of 600,000 dollars to the institution. Spectator, Jan. 26. 