!4^ff]DIiC()NrWirJB^F6irCEpN THE ,:h ?'.;.-, HOLY EUCHARIST. ' ? The Dublin Review for kst April contains a[ notice of a treatise on the Doctrine of the Holy \ Eucharist by Robert Isaac Wilberforce, A.M., ; Archdeacon of the East Hiding. Mr, Wilber-, ' ? ??- force is according to the Revicjoth.Q 'leader' of the Anglican Party in the Church of England, ''? and his writings according to the same authority ( '«.are the most philosophical and least objectionable ' ?'? v'f-f any that have proceeded from that party ?' hitherto. The treatise alluded to takes so Catho ??' '-«»iic a view of the subject of the Eucharist that it ????)s with dimciHty his failures can be detected, and ? if his actual position were not known, his views ? on that subject might well pass for orthodox. ??? His: book is particularly interesting as it is a ? proof' that among the most learned and estimable .of. English Protestants a salutary inquiry is afloat, -: prompted b,y Divine Providence, which bids fair irrcouvse of time to bring back all of them to the *?? One Fold'* by the 'old pachs' out of which they turned. We will delay no longer setting before our readers Mr. Wilberforce's own senti ments on the Christian Sacrifice, on those tre mendous mysteries before which the Angels themselves bow down in adoration. ; 'The present work,' says .Mr. Wilberforce, is the sequel of a treatise on the ' Doctrine of the ?Incarnation' which was published four years ago. It 'was asserted that ' Sacraments are the extension of the Incarnation,' and a chapter was devoted to their consideration. But their . ? gelation to that great mystery was felt from the /first to require more detailed consideration. The 1 -Doctrine of the Incarnation' therefore was fol lowed after a year by a work on the 'Doctrine of OUoly Baptism,' and the present treatise completes .my design.' In treating on Baptism, little refe rence was made to any authorities except Holy i Scripture, and the formularies and divines of our own church ? I'n the present instance a different course has been adopted. The. greater intricacy . of the' subject, and the confusion in which it has ibeen involved by the adoption of an ambiguous * phraseology has' made it necessary to mount up -to the fountain bead, and to enquire what was ;that - interpretation of our Lord's words which .was received among His first followers......... .Such is the .principle which is adopted in the present volume. The authority of Holy Scrip ,fuvc is just referrapto, and its infallible decision #et ???forth. When its meaning is disputed, re ference is made to the primitive Fathers, as pro viiJing.the best means of settling the dispute.' .' 'Now,' says the Dublin Review, ' although pp -Catholics ,^ are bound to hold that where jioly Scripture is unclear or apparently ambigu ousj;the appeal lies not to the dead past but to the liviag future — to the Church of the day in which God has been pleased to cast our lot, and u'ot.to the Church of the first, or the fourth, or $he seventh century, — or of. whatever other period we choose to take as our standard of ideal ex cellence, still we cannot but rejoice1 to find Mr. Wilberforce establishing the whole system of Catholic doctrine with respect to the Holy Eucha rist, as at present received by the Church in communion with the See of Rome, by an appeal to the testimony of the earliest ages of the Church— rto times anterior to the unhappy schism .of Photius which rent the fair provinces of the East from the unity of Christendom. And we may rejoice for this reason : not because it adds everything to the firmness of that faith with '«fhich we aa Catholics repose on the present de cisions of a living infallible guide — but because tjift: results at wlr.ch the Archdeacon has arrived %? .patient- research and dispassionate enquiry, cut away from under the feet of ordinary High Church Anglicans the common ground of \issault against us, and the strong point of their own defence, viz., that while we' have departed from the -'Simplicity of the early agus and the purity of their faith, .they, have themselves retained, or rather have regained; -tha- faith as it was held fey... -the immediate, successors of the Apostles. The following words sum up the. general outline fff the treatise in a -brief and compendious wav.' '.^VVhether Christ is truly present or not' in ^ie' Holy Eucharist; whether we are to believe although he were real \y with us. and are truly responsible for a' divine gift ; tind, again, whether in .that ljoly ar-qintiace there is a real sacrifice — -these are, jr? ;. a .great measure practical questions qn which it is possible to produce distinct evidence from 'iicrjpture and the: Primitive Churcli...... That Christ's presence in 'the. Holy Eucharist is a real presence ; tha*; the blessings' of the new life are- truly bestowed in it through communion with the second Adam , that consecration is a teal act whereby the inward part or thing signified is joined to the outward and visible sign ; and that $he Eucharist oblation is a real sacrifice ; these pints it wilt be. attempted to prove by the testi mony of Scripture and of the Ancient Fathers.' ?The Iicvieu! take*- no notice or the scriptural quotations of Ivj.r. W., but cites copiously from his comnujnts on tlio Fathers and ancient Litur gies, a portion of which we transcribe. ' Jn the Apostolical constitutions the thing demanded for \--ne who was called to the highest offices in the 'tyviiintvy was that he \ mi^'it have authority to /?-ffor tVt'o \nm\ and bloodless victim \yljich Thou has;t appointed through, Chrjst, as the mystery of the new covenant' ; aau'ihe ground on which 'the IMfeothuod is entitled to t-he revenue of- the* people ja said to b.e ' bf cauijo tlioy lioflor you with -i.be saving body and the precious Blood, and release you from your sins, and make you partakers of the Sacred and Holy Eucharist.''.... .....To this principle then the ancient Church bore witness, not only by its words but still more by its actions. The care with which the words of consecration were repeated implied a belief that they were essential to the validity of some great action. And if so, it must have been this action itself, and that with which it was conversant, oh which the value of the ordinance depended. Its im-' pnrtance must have rested not merely on a con sideration of the giver or receiver, but likewise on the worth of the thing received. The gift conferred in and through the elements themselves must have been the thing regarded. Nothing renders this more apparent than a comparison of the ancient forms with any t-f tho^e1 which! were introduced under the influence of Zuinglius or Calvin. In the ancient Liturgies the words of consecration were quoted literally, and not in the way of narration ; they were made part of a prayer,. and the people were enjoined to answer, Amen. But in the Calvinistic formularies this prayer is. changed into a sermon ; and instead of a mystical action addressed to God we have a narration for the instruction of the Congregation. ? ..Here then we see the exact contrast between the ancient and modern services.' The first suppose Christ to descend through the agency of His Spirit upon Earth ; the last sup pose men to ascend through the action of their spirits into Heaven. In the first Christ is supposed to bestow an actual gift, which men may either accept or reject, and which' is equally bestowed upon all. According to the last no gift at all is bestowed through the ordinance itself ; it is only an emblem of the general good will of the Great Spiritual Being ! 'The bread,' says St Cyril, 'in the Eucharist, after the invocation of the Holy Ghost is mere bread no longer but the body of Christ.' Contemplate therefore the bread and wJne not as bare elements, for they are according to the Lord's declaration the body and blood of Christ ; for though sense suggests this to thee, let faith establish thee. Judge not the matter from taste, but from faith ; be fully assured without mis giving that thou bast been vouchsafed the body and blood of Christ. And therefore he tells persons to be ' fully persuaded that what seems bread is not bread, though bread by taste, but the body of Christ; and that what seems wine is not wine, though the taste will have it sp, but the blood of Christ.' ?' . The following extract demonstrates the absur dity of a retention of the words of consecration, as in the Book of Common Prayer used by the Episcopal Protestant Establishment of England, without assigning to the words their import or believing them to be of that efficacy they imply, and not merely a figurative meaning as though Judaism were still true and Christianity an imposture. 'For then we saw as through a glass darkly, but now face to face.' Then there were nothing but types and shadows, but now we possess the reality and substance. ' In this particular do the Fathers of- the first three centuries agree with the innovators of the last. The former ascribed efficacy to the ele ments, because they believed the validity of consecration ; the latter 'deny it, because the. va lidity of consecration is the very conclusion! from i which they wish to escape. Both allow then that consecration and the efficacy of the elements must stand together. Neither is it possible to suppose that those who reject the one can seri ously intend to uphold the other. Those who deny that a gift is communicated through the elements cannot really believe the validity of consecration. They may be willing to retain the rite as a h-irmless tribute to ancient usage, but it. is impossible that they should believe in the reality of consecration, unless they believe in its results. If they are content to retain the preg nant expressions of the early Church, it is with the understanding that they mean nothing. Yet What a mockery is a Priestly commission which confers no powers and a form of consecration whereby nothing is made holy ! If these things are real, their consequences should not be ad mitted, if unreal they had better be discarded. Legem crcdendi lex statuat supplicandi. But if a certain ritual was ordained by Christ, and banded down by his Apostles, can it be indiffer ent whether or not it is observed ? As it would be. presumptuous to invent, so to abandon it would be impious. And yet either perhaps were loss heinous guilt than to retain holy and sublime usages, pregnant with great truths and associated ? with the love and devotion of all saints, yet to re gard them with the cold, contempt with which men treat the unmeaning and obsolete fashions of u .barbarous age ? We shall give an extract more from Arch deacon Wilberforce's work. It shows how entirely bis mind has been taken up with en quiries after truth. The observation that among the Eastern Christian sects, the Sacrifice of the Mass forms one of their leading doctrines though - fof- fourteen hundred years separated from Catho lic unity, did not escape him ; and as his inind was wholly free from prejudice, and sot oul; on the pursuit of enlightening ltsulf, we are no. way surprised to find that on' what flower soever it alighted it f hence Slicked honey. ♦'The accordance of antiquity respecting tlie Real PresQflpe is rendered .more striking by its dissonance respecting the , manner', in .which; the presence is brought about and the '.terms in -which if. is to be stated. This doctrine is shown not -to have been the result: of a theory which everywhere suggested the same -conclusions, out 'to have been a practical conviction, rooted in the deep and wide-spread 'belief of1' a' whole ' community. ''In the East and West, whether men were opposing Ncstorius ' or ; Eutyche's, : however '; they might express themselves re'spocting the' outward, ele-; monts which were the medium of conveying an inward blessing, there prevailed the same, full conviction that the body and blood of Christ were reiiHy communicated under the .forms ol' bread and wine in the Holy : -Eucharist. -?? There might be a difference therefore as to -the phrases em . ployed but there was none as to the 'fact which they were designed to attest. And how should 'thero be such concert respecting the thing con veyed, while about the scientific' statement' of the 'mode di conveying it there'was such diversity except because this was a constituent part of .the Church's ,. original deposit 1 What can be meant by her authority as the appointed witness to our Lord's declaration, if the- consentient affirmation of undivided Christendom was fundamentally er roneous.'' . ? ? ' ? ' ??? ?? -?? : : 'So much then' says the Dublin Review for the speculative part of Mr. 'Wilberforce's book ; a work with which' thus fur' we know of nothing that can be compared as an instance of Catholic doctrine systematically elaborated in a long intel lectual ' process ' and 'historical] enquiry. In fact, with one or two exception.?, it is the ancient Ca tholic doctrine of trie. Church set forth once more in almost the very terms oi' the .Tri den tine defini tions, by an authority wholly. external to, and in dependent of the, Council of Trent. The value of such 'a. testimony to the 'genuinaness and- antiquity of Catholic doctrine can scarcely- be overrated as to its probable assaults. -upon Protestants. It is of course the- offspring of an act of private judge ment— this we suppose that Mr.' Wilberforce would scarcely feei inclined to deny— and just as Mr. Goode and Mr. Griham have their theory lipon the Lord's Supper.1 and the Bishop of Lon don. has his theory, and Dr. Hook has his theory, ' so Mr. Wilberforce has kits theory also. His right to.it cannot be disputed. Whilst his Church nominally and on paper pretends to appeal to the ancient Fathers and' the early Councils— though all the time she binds up with her mutilated re mains of Catholic ? formularies the heretical' deci- sions of Lutheran, .Zuinglian, Calvinistic and Anglican Reformers, in the shape of the thirty nine' Articles, and claims subscription to them from all her clergy, and from many of her laity —Mr. Wilberforce has been in reality prosecuting the appeal to antiquity, and we da not hesitate to say that he has far outstripped the limits of the tether with which. Ins church thought ? to bind him into slavish submission to her own fallible decisions-. Mr. Wilberforce has sought, and he has found: he lias knocked honestly and the door has opened to his ohqu'ii'y. The1 light that has broken in upon him from the deep study of the early Fathers is one which must ere long reduce to certainty the strong feelings which he evidently cherishes in spite of himself — namely, that the decisions of the Council of Trent are in strict ac cordance with the spirit of the Church a.i she existed in the earliest ages. If- so, can his own ; formularies ai the s-arae time be really and truly couched in a Catholic tons and spirit, or in any way be brought -into' harmony with the ancient Fathers of the Church! The effort to harmonize the two was made some twelve years since at Oxford : but it was made in vain ; ';he national voice rose up against it in indignant protest, and the powerful intellect of .Dr. Newman was forced to give up the unequal contest. It must be so also in God's own good time we feel sure with Archdeacon Wilberforce. It cannot be for nothing that God bar. raised him up to set before the Anglican communion the doctrine of the .In carnation, of the Sacraments as the media of its extension, and especially the doctrine of the Holy Eucharist, in a formal and scientific shape, though with sundry failings and short-comings ; and we think that in his comments on the practices of the Anglican Church, we can read the vorkings of a mind not only weary of its unrealities, but suspicious of its claims to credit on the score of adherence to the voice of antiquity. Turkish Hoxestv. — To day 1 (Widdin cor respondent of the Daily Netos)' hired a Bulgarian peasant, with his ox and cart, to move inv lug gage and that of my companion, a Hungarian, and -once -a soldier. Trunks, ?.portmanteaus, car-, pet-bags, cloaks, furs, and shawls all lay exposed. Wishing to buy hay for our reposa at night (beds are out of date), a civil Turk, of all tongues, of fered to go with me. The peasant unyoked his oxen, left them and our goods in the Wtig gon in the street, and followed. I remonstrated : ' Some one must stay.' ?' Why ?' said the sur prised Turk. 'To watch the goods.1 'Qh,' said t'ne Mussulman, 'that's not necessary ; they can stapd there for a week. Nobody will touch tbenr'by night or day/' I submitted ; sat 'half an-hourin a distant coffee bouse with the civil Turk, and tlvjn went quietly to the waggon. Not a hjiir had been touched, liemember, soldiors froin all lslnm are roaming .m.u.'... ,,..;ti tlien let this fact be proclaimed to Ohrfoluins fVotn ».ho ; pulpits in London. . Itough.E to rouse some of us outjoif/aloftgaap. ? ?.:???? ...:..?.-. 