| THE YOUNG LAUY'SUKEAM-BOOKj fh compliance with the wish expressed in kwera'1 j hundreds of charming and flattering notes* With] which a corresponding nnrtiberOflady correspondents' have been favouring Mr Punch ever since the Pocket Book became one of the- institutions of our; happy country, lie has caused to be prepared the fol-1 iowing Dreamer's Maturil, or Cdmp'efe and faithful** Exposition of Dreams and Visions "It has beeli caret fully collated with ail the most popular works of thr, same character, to which it will be found to beat remarkable affinity, and several new dreains hav been added by the the editors, who arranged ex press night-mares for this work exclusively, and re ; vardless of indigestion. The following pages, into, which is concentrated an incredible amouut of Dream Lore, will now.be the standard authority on the sub. ject, and no lady's dressing-table can be considered as properly . furnished unless Mr Punch's Dream Book reposes between the ring-staud and the Eau de Cologne. . Aztecs To dreani of these repulsive objects signif fies that yon will be exposed to the impeitinence o , some quack or other. Tb dream that you kiss the j wretched little creatures iropies that you have indeed been reduced to extremities. Brighton. To dream of a visit to, tneans that yonr prospects are going to brighten, and that you fnav set your mind upon a Peer. Baby. To dream that you, being single, are affectionately ca-essing one in the presence ofl Frederic, implies that you are a prudent girl, and will ere long meet your reward. Chimick Fete. To dream of, implies a new bon net at least. Chobham. To dream of the Gamp at, clearly shows that though the Captain has forgotton you your heart is more faithful, which is comforting. Crystal Palace. To dream that you attended the inauguration of, is a dream you will do well to : tease your papa to carry out. If you dream that! Sir Joseph Baxton presents you with a bunch of I orange flowers, you will be married iu 1854 j so mind what you are fabou t, de r. -Dancing. To dream you are, is fortunate, but if iu the polka your awitward partner tramples on your toes, or Tears your dress, and you only smile I forgivingly, you Will have and deserve an excellent partner fur life.—Apply at 85, Fleet-street. Breams, lo dream that you are telling your dreams (unless it is to Mr Punch"), implies thai, your mind is scarcely as well cultivated as it ought to be. and that the sooner you begin a course of j reading, the better for your present or future hus band. Engaged. To dream you are, and have lost the j ring Frederic gave ycrti, is not of the slightest con- ' sequence, even if fulfilled literally. Ask him for a j new one and a prettier, and you will get it. Flirting. To dream you ate, especially in a con servatory, or at the Botanic Gardens, is fortunate ; ) but to dream that you do so upon a staircase with the window on the landing and the street dcor both open, j during a party, is bad, unless he fetches yon a shawl or something. Ghost, To dream you see a ghost is a sign you will be gratified, un'ess it be the Ghost in Hamlet, with Mr Charles Kean as the Prince of Denmark. Garter. To dream you marry a Knight of the, means that you will soon have a perfect love of a blue ribbon. Greenwich or Blackwall. To dream of a dinner at, and dear Frederic helping yon to whitebait, and handing the brown bread and butter, means that dear Frederic is over-running the constable, and will soon have to ask dear papa for a cheque. So you had bet- j ter keep the old gentleman 111 good humour. | House of Commons. To dream you are in the gallery of. means that you talk when you should be silent, and interrupt business with your nonsensical 1 chattering. This refers to lady visi'ors to Parlia ment ; but if a man dreams that he is in the body j of the House, the observation most likely applies to ' him alto. Mention it to any gentleman of a1 political turn. Home. To dream you are happy at, and try to make it happy, sigtrifiies that you are a darling,; and we should like your address. Incense. To dream that it is offered to you, and that you are pleased, is not good \ but if you turn up your meutal nose at it, while looking amiable, the remark under the preceding head will do again. Jewellery. To dream that you are covered with, is good ; but if you suddenly discover that the jewels are only paste, some Jew is trjing to cheat a j gentleman who is or will be very dear to you., I Kiss To dream that y ou have the " Amazon and the Tiger'' presented to you, and that it cannot be j got into the drawing- room, predicts an embarrass ment which need not be described until the dream occurs—then write to us. j Letter. To dream that you receive, and that it is) crossed and re-crossed, means that spills are wanted for the parlour inantel-piece. J j Mont Blanc. To dream of, means that you are \- very Fund of sweetmeats, especially of Albert I Hock. i Moustaches. To dream of, if the wearer be under forty, is good. If he be over that age, bo warned:! he is a traitor of the deepest dye. j Married. See Money. j Music. To dream you hear. The luck depends i en the composer. If Mendelssohn or Auber, yon are to be congratulated—if Henry EusseJl or the I cats in the next garden, the sooner you wake the better. Money. To dream a magnificent young noble- j man offers you a bag of, and a wedding ring, is bsd, because probably you will be disappointed To dream I hat somebody is teaching you decimals, and making pretty little jokes to you about '• scents," mille pardons," and so fost-b, with ftp-1 propriate action, portends that, you will tell Frederic not to be : 0 silly. But he will. Name. To dream that you cannot remember your, means that you desire to change it, and, if j for ihe better, we hope you will, f Punch, To dream you see Mr Punch is the most fortunate thing* except one (which is actually see ing him), that could happen to you. If he smiles upon you, which, if yott are pretty, it is probable] he will, look forward to a happy and prosperous life. If he frown, examine jour whole conduct, and immediately reform anything likely to displease j him. If you are in any doubt as to the subject, write to him frankly, end also legibly. Queen. To dream your queen is "taken at chess* denotes that you will soon have a mate. Rudeness. To dream that you have received any* infaliiably indicates that you have been in society j where you had no business to be, and most likely without your friend's knowledge. ' Rhinoceros. To dream that you are seated in a silver car oh the back of a, with Prince Albert hold ing a brown gingham umbrella over you* and Mr Ilarley and the jLord Chanpcllor strewing sugar plums in your way, and that thus you go riding to St. Paul's to deposit in triumph a gold crotchet hook and a raspberry tart, means that Frederic's salary will be raised one-third, that bis uncle will furnish the house* and that his dear old mamma will present you with such a dinner and breakfast service. But you will be very lucky to dream this dream in the exact order required. Sleep. To dream you go to, if before XII, is good, i Later* not so good, and denotes that you are allowed to go to too many parties a great deal. Tea. To dream that you make, but can see vety few spoons* means that almost all the young men at your next paity will be agreeable —probably your mamma has been inviting the writers in Punch. Veil. To dream you are taking the, means that you will do a sensible thing, when you walk out at Ramsgate, for the sea breezes, though healthy, make the face a little rough. To dream Cardinal Wiseman offers yon one, and that Frederie bonnets his Eminence, denotes that Frederick is also a wise man. Wedding. To dream that you are at your own, and that you cannot manage to utter the word obey, on which. Frederic walks out of the church, indicates that fortune Is very kind, and gives you j a hint which you will do well to consider. Xer?es. To dream that you are, and that you are lashing the sea into a foam, denotes that yon do not pay sufficient attention to yonr mamma's instructions about whipping the syllabubs and trifles. Now, as Ffederid likes these things4—need we say more to a girl who means to make hotne [happy? •-Punch, 