2,oral Untelltgcnee* Giuuw AND Fi.oun,—The imports at the port of Hobart Town, {or the week ending 17th February, inclusive, were :— - " Oats ISO busbeb. flour —.,.. 8 tons. EXPORTS. Nil. And at Launoeslon, for the week ending 16th February, inclusive :— IMPORTS. Nil. EXPORTS" Oats 203 bushels. Flour ' 04 tons, Gazelle, Feb. 21. MERSEY COAL COMPANY.—After emptying tile shatt of water on Friday, two miners went down, but were compelled to abandon work-.in consequence of the rapid rush of water, which has again filled the pit. It is probable that, by allowing it to well out for a time, the flow will diminish; if not, steam will have to be applied iwhicli,in a place where fuel is abundant, would be the cheapest permanent agency, either to pump out the water, or to aise the coal to the surface,—Launc,:ston Examiner, Feb. 23. itnxa DON.—Mr. Fenton is sinking for oal, between the Don and tho Lcvm — bid. HIVEH MRNSET'-The Postmaster-General as consented to forward n mail twice a week o Torquay, at the beads, so that the increasng population on tho banks of the Mersey nd Die Don will now receive their letters and papers regularly,—Ibid. LAONCESTON RACES. — The Races* comenced yesterday. The day was line, and here was an average attendance of spectaors. The Lnunceston St. Lcger was won y Mr. Do Aery's Corao, who hod the running lmost to himself. The Town Plate was on bv Mr. fi. Lyall's Messenger. Capital ace, Messenger winning both heats by about length. The Maiden Plate was won by r. T. Field's Jewess. The last stake of ie day (the Maiden Galloway) was won by r. Parr's Young Doctor.—mi. TIRES. — BOTBWELL. — Tho fires in tho eighbourhood of Bothwell ore still Luruing, nd last week afire took place on the faun ef ur. \\\jlliam Lewis (owing to the carelesslf'V a P erson .® mo hing), which destroyed »nd grain to the value of more than \- , A subscription js being made for ini ""^t 0 which the inhabitants of Botheiifhave •ubicribod liberally. Fnor.ics'or TABS,—Tltammljtache. SENman, and a large man, wai charged with being drunk, using obscene language, and assaulting Serjeant Jackson, by beating and striking him, and threatening to kick his head off. Jackson, who, wo all know, is but N little man, attempted to take the Miilor into custody, when tho defendant lav eked HI>» 'limn, TIND GAT away into A public honse, into which Jackson nimbly followed him. LINE again he assaulted JackKou, when with tho assistance nf another constable bo lodged the frowning bully in tho watchhouso : lio was fined 6s. fur one offence, and £i for the assault, which were paid, MOBE DOMESTIC SPECIMENS.—Mr. .Tames Peck of Murray-street, charged William Burns,his hired servant, with leaving his service without permission, and belore tlie expiration of hiB agreement. Mr. Peck stated that about nine days ago he hired tho defendent and his wife as ordinary house-servants, at 35s. per week: on the following day Mr. I'cck asked the defendent how ho liked his place ? Ho said, • very well." Witness tben &Bkcd; him if he would engage for ^ 3 or 6 months,—or for any specific poriod. He replied he would not: witnoss then asked him if he vrmld agree to give a month's notice-. lie said he would not, nor would give to anyone more than a week's notice: with this Mr. Peak expressed himself BatisCed. Ultimately, however, tho defendent left his service without giving any notice at all, leaving his master without a servant, and with Air. Peck's cliildien very ill with the measles. He was senleuccd to one month's imprisonment iu the houBe of correction. ASSAULT ON THE HIGH 5?EA?. — John Greenlaw, and .Tones Clare, ecuinon of tho Camilla, from Lunduu, nun' in this port (Launceston) were charged by Capt. Miinn with assaulting him as matter of tbatteseel on the'high ECUS, on the 14th January last. Prom the evidence it. was unfolded lliat the first named prisoner had by some mysterious means become inebriated and steering the vessel very wildly, he at length quitted tho helm altogether and went below. At this time all hands were engaged setting studding sails. The Captain went into tho forecastle to induce him to come out to assist in setting s^iil, whjn prisoner kicked tho captain in the faco, and a struggle ensued, the second named ruffia.ii came, up and bit the captain. This prisoner then repaired to the forecastle, and came out, flourishing a dirk and cxclaiming " one doe one bone." After considerable difficulty the prisoners were secuied und Greenlaw confined uutil the arrival of the ship in this prut. Tho police magistrate said, the assault lias boon clearly proved against you ; your conuct was ruffianly iu the extreme; you ailomuust he taught that you cannot carry n with so h'nli baud on board chip w/ieu t sea, aud miles frnin laud, witli impunity. The btattue visitBCuuli an olhnre as thutfor which 1 find you guilty upun the evidence isclosed, aud I Bliall now in tho words of he act of parliament, sentence vim to welve weeks imprisonment with hard lubor. fCj'anihier.. WATER FOU IJAUSCCSTOX.—The supply of water for tho town was A^AIN cut off on Monday last, in consequence i f the breaking of the sautes ; and the water- carriers, very modestly, during tbc day, demanded the Bum of eight shillings for a load of water.—Cornwall Chtoniele, Feb. 22. VICTORIA THEATHE—We perceive, by our advertising columns, Mr. Cuarlcs Forrest tabes his Benefit in this highly popular place of amusement, on Monday evening next, when Bulwcr's pnv crful, novel (dramatized by MoncriefT}—Eugene Jram, will be repi c- sented, and the highly interesting historical drama of the Ta-rcr of KesU. In both pieces Mr. Forrest sustains tho leading characters. We doubt not, judging from this gentleman'a previous performances, th» gloomy misanthrope scholar—Ara.n, ard tile highly chivalrous soldier of la bcVe France, will be most effectively pourtrayed. We believe* that .Mr. Forrest stands well in fhe estimation of the public ; and by strict attention to his du'ies, is highly rccpected by his nuiuagcr und thea. trieal brethren—no duubt the J ublic wiil repay—with a bumper—his xneriturious exertions. J'USH FIRE.—We have been informed, that a terrific conflagration has occurred near blackmail's Bridge, on Thursday evening last, andthe^fenceb appeared to have suffered most seriously from tlieravogesof tho flame;. ITENSET COAL C«MeA> Y.—A. private letterditcd 14ih instant, states that ut a. depth of 135 feet the sandstone covrriVig tile j;jal had been reached, but that tltt-Wiitcr rushiug in at the rate of 33 feet iu tin hour, compelled the miners to leave ilio shaft,. U her were engaged in reducing the vater. correspondent in. a letter dated the 15th instant, eavs:—"The night before last the water in the shaft made 100 feet iu f'ur honrs, but they have worked the horses at u gallop ever since, and have succeeded in decieasing it. Jlr. W. B. Dean lent them horee, and urged them not to Rive up. It IB a pity some one is not here to stimulate tlie men. The niinei's are sure they are on tho coal." This will bn gratifying intelligence to the shareholders, und enhance the value of their Eharcs, MERSEV.—'The constabulary have apprehended a man said to be one of the piratical runaways from the Lidy Franklin. SCPREMI! COURT.—In the case Nathan v. Wilson, the court took time to consider the arguments. A new trial in the case Ycnd v. De La Hunt was refitted. BNTCRTON—Dr. Butler and Mr. II. C. Gur.n are candidates for the seat vacated by Mr. iValkcr, who has proceeded to ENGLAND, TIETOTAI.—The annual meeting of the Tasmanian Teetotal Society of Launeeston was held on Thuriday evening, Bib inat, when a report was read showing that" upwards of 400 persons h«d signed the pledge during the year, and that the society was u a very favourable condition. Kflbrts ave been made during the year to decrease the di?bt on the Hall, which is now reduced to £100. The officers ihe praicntv^ar ere choEen, viz.—Rev. Charles Price, President ; Uev 11. Dowliug, aad Messrs* Isaac •Sherwin and J. Norwood, vice Presidents ; r. W. S. Bonner. Secretary; &nd; Mr. J. T. Bonner, Treasurer, with a, committee of hirteen. At the close of the meeting a ote of thanks was given to lbe officers nd committeo for the past year. THE ISLE OF PINES Tho Juno, whir.li as just arrived at Sydney from tliis I-laini, rings intelligence that the Frenoh frigate onstantino had arrived there, and tho ommander had taken possession «f it in tbc ame of France, attended with the usual ormalities. UEDV PI.AI-F Last SUNDAY tlio vigilant police of that locality, captured two men onaped in feloni U9 practices at Muddy 'iains. They proved to be absconders, one ,ained Wollescraft, from H. M. G. Hospial, and the other, John In 111 an. from tho ngineer department. They had taken a oat at this port, und proceeded down tbc iver to South Arm, where they effected a anding, and journeying -onwards to Muddy lains, committed tlie robbery for which they re now in custody. KANGAROO POINT.— Serions complaints re now being made, both by our contempoaries aud visitors as to the very fad conition of the Government Wharf at the bove place. .Not only the inconvenience, ut danger likely to result therefrom, is inisied upon. Still it must be born, in mind, hat, since the Colonists would have it so, abour can no longer now be had, in overflowing cart loads, for the mere asking ol it owever, BB journalists, it is onr obvioui uty to notify all public wants. . THE GJIASB GRUB—W. Swalnson, Esq., F.H.S., a gentleman of deserved celebrity at home, a very eminent writer on all subjects of natural science, aud now under tempo, rary professional engagements in this colony, to the Government, for the development of important topics of Tasmanian natural history, haa just addressed a most valuable cominunicHtiuii to our city journals on the extermination of the grass grub, which is EO well knou li to destroy tho leaves and roots of the common rye-grass to sucli an extent as to eradicate tho plant altogether. This insect haB rapidly increased of Into years, and uow threatens to destroy-whole paddocks. Air. Swainson submits his excellent observations on what ho considers the beet mothod of checking its further increase, if not of wholly extirpating it, round Hobart Town. Jlr. Swamson proceeds:—" Without understanding scientifically the natuie of any bein?, whether animal or vegetable, no plan for counteracting its injurious effects cm be based on a solid foundation. From experiments made, I found this grub to bo the larva or caterpillar of a species of hcpiulit, ono of which, vulgarly railed " ghost moth," is common in England, and has derived its name from being pure white, and very often found lying at dusk in churchyards. Like its congenur in Tasmania, it tceds upon tho roots of grass, has, in its t;rub elate, a largo head, lives beneath the ground, and moves backwards much more brifklytliao forwards. To destroy this insect there are three modes, which J shall now bricQy notice. 1. The Dcihurtion.of Ihc C.i itb This can only be done by breaking up the patches of land they have made their habitation. As these insects sleep during the day, and feed only duiing tho night, all attempts to capture them by hand piclti'tg will be very partial and iuadequa e ; aud even if then-re'reats are broken up, aud those that escapo being killed by such a process, are able to cruwi, they will find their way to the next patch of grass, and form a new colony. The evil indeed may thus be checked, but not more. 2\. The Destruction of ihc Moth.— We have no entomologists, with tbeir insect-catching " traps" in thiB colony, whose services we could call in to aid us iu this attempt. Aud even were tuch not the case, 1 am afraid it would be less effective than the first. The destruction of one female inotli, indeed, mieht prubably be the destruction ul-.o of 2''0 or S00 eggs, but not one in twenty could be thus captured, and the killing of one inoth in twenty would be but as a drop in the bucket. 3 -There remains enly the last method, which is to ascertain when these ! grubs cliango into their pupa or chrysalis : elate, and then plough tho whole nuadow | which they may have partially destroyed. ] Tho chrysalis will bn louud at the bottom of i thc hole in w hich it lived us a caterpillar. It ,i,„„ then 1 become " totpid, inactive, aud utterly j iiicnpable of seeking new quarters, if turned j up by the j lnuKh or spade. BCIOR a tielp- ; ess inactive lump yet highly susceptible of j the least change el temperature, it will invitablv die ot itseli, withcut the leaBt external injury. Thus every one iu a whole paddock may stand a gooa chauce of beiug extirpated. The ground fchould then be knocked about or harrowed, aud if towed again with other grasses than lye gruEf, I i shall be much dictivcd, il it is not covered, I u the rainy season, with a Cue ololbiug of oung grass, WHOLESALE SPIRIT LICENSES/—Tuesday's Gazette notifies that licenses, as *' Wholesale Dealers in Wines and Spirituous Liquors," have been issued tu the following individuals :—John Fisher Chapman, Port lispo rant-c; John Latham, New .Norfolk ; Jfa than .Moses, & Co., Hobart Town ; Pat. liarvey, ditto , William Crosby, ditto. AGRICULIURAL.—Persons desirous of sowing the real- Timoiby grass, for which W, Swain&on;, Ksq-, F.K.S., is distinguished may still obtain paeketB of the same, ou application at the Museum of the Iiuyal Societvin Harriugtou-street. between 2 aud 5 o'clock. ANOTHER M IISIOMART MAGISTRATE The Lieuienarit-tiovei nur bus been pleased to insert the name of tho Kev. Joliu Bisbton iu the Commission of the Peace for the territory.—Gazette, J;. b. *J I. Acer ION SALLE.—'J'lio-e who thoughtfully contemplate the gradual and incieasinc ri=o ol properiies in our city, will have some food for reflection at the prices obtained last Tuesday, by Air. Worley—prices indeed that 10 admirably sustain tlie talented auctioneer's uuifonaly very successful career in the sale of all propertweof this v< ry important dctcription. The puces wore as follow— The lease of premises in Liverpool-street tlx aud a half years, at £loo per aunum, I : r?.- > ;,'; r ; Up , ] . t s A rs - «a-lway, for the sum of £,00, to ill. Hurley ; aiKl a,B0 lw0 llou6es occupud by Messrs. L,.relay and Clements, 1a iliizabeih-stiect. with the ground adjoining, forming lot I, for the FILM of £tC50, to Mr. Chapman; and lot 2, being a piece of ground leading into C .llius-etrcet, 38 by 2C7 iiuks, bought in at £700. THE KOHPOLK ISLAND PIRACY Tho investigation of all matters connected with tbis really unexampled piracy, terminated, as we understood, last week. It is confiently believed, that the proceedings ot this nquiry will soon bo published for general nformation. AndED indeed it ought most ndoubtedly to be. Thirteen of ihe soldiers ave been acquitted, on the grounds now eemed justifiable, of enjoyinj a sound sleep hen the safety of the Ln-ly Franklin was ntrusted to their vigilant keeping. Well, hen, it seems that men in authority may ometimes nap at their posts! The remainng three soldiers, who were on sentry at hat time, aro still under arrrst, awaiting rial by court-martial. Will they escape, ecause the enemy was awake, 'and too trong? We shall see. 