PARIS PLAYS AND PLAYGOERS. Among the many differences which exist between English and French, between London and Paris life, that which extends itself, to all that relates to the theatre is not the least striking. There is no doubt but that its influence and position in the latter capital are infinitely stronger than with us; and this fact, with its causes and effects, we will endeavour to demonstrate without offence to our nation and com- patriots, assuring them of our perfect impartiality in Judging the matter, and declaring that our sapient tbiervotions are founded on an experience of some ye tra, and that we do not take the question in hand in the spirit of the Frenchman, who, writing a voluminous work on England, desired to have ten minutes' conversation with Lord Brougham, in order to make himself acquainted with the system of English legis- la ion. This love of amusement, the facility of being amused, -the more excitable natures, the greater capabilities of the French as a people to lend themselves to and to comprehend what is addressed to the imagination, are doubtless the primary causes of this fact. The sprightly turn of their wit, with its disposition to ridicule and criticise, their love of persiflage, their quickness at repartee, with a peculiar grace and, if we may so use the word, flexibility of language, which lends so much expression to comparatively insignificant phrases, also go for much in the affair ; while, materially speaking, the mode of life, earner hours, and somewhat lower prices, tend not a little to facilitate matters, as far as the audience are concerned. There are in Paris far more grades of rank and importance in the theatres than in society, and each of the best known has its particular style of literature, acting and decoration-its speciality, as it is termed. Here is about the order in which the theatres stand, not as to excellence (for as We have just stated, nearly each has its peculiar style and order of merit) but as to position and importance Opera of Academic de Music,' French operas and ballets; Theatre Française, comedy, tragedy, and drama; Opera Corni que, French operas and operettas; Opera Italian; Udeon, same as Theatre Francais ; Gymnase, comedy and vaudeville Theatre Lyrique, operas and ballets ; Vaudeville and Variety, vaudeville ; Palais Royal, comic light pieces ; Porte St. Martin, drama spectacle ; Ambigu Comique, principally drama and melodrama; Quite, drama and vaudeville; Cirque National or Imperial, military drama ; Folies Dramatiques, Dclas screens Comiques, Luxembourg, and Beaumarchais, Vaudeville; Theatre Courts, series, vaudeville (principally frequented by children) ; Funambules, vaudeville and pantomime; Theatre Lazari, drama and vaudeville. In addition to these, there are the spectacles, concerts, Robert Houdin, Fantoccini,-&c.;, and the Cirque Napoleon and the Hippodrome, for feats of horseman- ship, gymnastics, &c.; The three parts, the Francais, and the Gymnase boast, as a whole, decidedly the most aristocratic ' audience; the others are more mixed.; and most of the Boulevard theatres, except on the occasion of any peculiarly attractive piece are principally attended by the inhabitants of their quarters. To ladies in general we should decidedly say that the Francais and the Gymnast were the best calculated to please. Possessing probably the two best troupes or companies in Paris, they have a certain cachet of distinction-an elegance, a tone of good society, in addition to their actual histrionic merit, that claim the sympathies of a well-bred audience, and make them feel at home. Not so the Palais Royal.. Here broad farces, coarse jokes, and allusions, double entendres of the most transparent order, render the presence of young women generally impossible; but when these are cleft out by special desire as in some few pieces they are too inimitable comic actors of this theatre, Ravel, Grasset, Sainville, Levassor, render it one of the most amusing in Paris. The pieces in general are of so slight a - character as to be merely a canvas, which these irresistibly comic players embroider with their jokes, expressions, gestures, and looks, which provoke peals of laughter, for which the spectator can render no account, and of which we can give neither description nor imitation. For the lovers of the horrible, the Ambigu Comique (strange misnomer) has the strongest charms. The amount of mines atrocities committed within those walls ; of fearful dangers and perils nightly encountered ; of ghosts of murdered wives,., mistresses, rightful heirs, and wrongful offspring; with the occasional introduction of ghouls, vampires, and other "''things that be not," is enough to give the whole quarter a chronic nightmare. The Porte St. Martin possesses, after the Opera, the best mile en scene of any of the Paris theatres, and is consequently in general the one where fairy pieces, and such as require a brilliant display of decoration, are most successful and effective. It has also a reputation for dramas and melodramas and was long the work of the triumphs of one of the greatest actors in Europe, Frederick Lemaitre. The Cirque comes next, and the locale (more especially within a couple of years where all the glories of the grand armies, the rioting garde, the Consulate, and the Empire have been restored, amid unlimited discharge of firearms, prancing of horses, and smothering of smoke, with the occasional diversion of the shrieks of a terrified child. The influence exercised by the representations of some of the Boulevard theatres, especially the dramas of the Ambigu army ' Porte St. Martin, among the carriers, who form the chief portion of the inhabitants of those quarters, Is remarkable, as showing to what good or evil its effects may tend. We have been assured, by one who has made the study a business, that in the ateliers where these men are employed, the pieces at time theatres form the principal theme of their thoughts and conversation that the plots and characters are dwelt on, studied, and discussed, not as pay be imagined, in the light of literary productions, but as real events and real beings, 