THE ANTI-CHRIST. JOHN KNOX YOUNG MEN'S ASSOCIATION. A public Lecture delivered, extemporaneously on Wednesday evening, the 31st May, 1864, in the Saloon of the Mechanics Institute, before a crowded audience by the Very Reverend Dean Macartney, and taken In short-hand by Mr. Andrew Tritnbell, stenographic reporter for “ The Banner” An appropriate prayer haring been pronounced by the Rev. "William .Tareett, and an introductory speech by Archibald Bonar, Esq., Chairman of the evening, the Lecturer thus addrrssed himself to the subject. Mr. Chairman, Ladies and Gentlemen, I feel much pleasure in being permitted to address this meeting this evening. It is in connection with one of those societies, which I conceive to bo very im portant to tbo well-being of the community in general; and, more especially, of a community con stituted ns ours is, in this colony, and in tin's metro polis “Tho John Knox Young Mon’s Association.'' And, I rejoice, in being permitted to stand up, not only on the part of a ‘Young Men's Society, ’ but on the part of a society, bearing the name perfectly intelligent, perfectly nnrnistakcable ;—tho name of one, who was a firm, and bold, and uncompromising protestor Against every system that would corrupt, or bide, the Word of God, or set up another in the pbee of Jesus: one, who was led on, I believe, not by the natural boldness of his character, but, by the Once of God, and tbo strength which supported him, tod- serve the testimony that was borne over his lifeless remains There lies one who never feared the face of maul” (Applause). Wo ootno now to consider a portion of the Word of God : the solemn—the awful—announcement given in that word. The Apostle John tells us that: ‘Anti-Christ shall some.’ Ho says in tho 2nd ch. of his Ist Ep. and the 22nd ver : Who is a liar but ho that donietb that Jesus is tbo Christ ? He is Anti-Christ, that denieth the Father and the Son. We have hero, then, one, set before us, bearing the name of Aoii-Ohrist . that name which I have been invited, this evening, to consider with you. And, accordingly, wo aro bound to endeavor to ascertain what is tho descrip tion which God has given us of the person who bears that awful, and significant appellation. Now I have, myself, no doubt that tho scriptures speak largely and fully of this person, and that many portions of tho Word of God bear upon bis character, and his history : but, I dssiro, to night, simply to confine myself to that portion where his name is given, in order that there may be no erroneous, or hastily, drawn conclusions ar rived at as to the connection between one portion of the Holy Scriptures, and another: and tlint wo may clearly see, simply looking at Saint John's testimony (forwo do not find the name in any other writings but those of the ‘ beloved apostle’), I say, simply looking nt Saint John’s testimony, what is his character; and whether, therefore, we aro to look upon him as the present, or to look for him as tho future enemy of the church. Now, wo first como then to examine his characteristics, and we find hero the apostle is speaking of certain per sons who bad departed from tho midst of the brethren. He says, in the 18th v„ ‘ Little children it is tho last time, and as ye have heard that Anti christ shall come, oven now thero are many Anti christs, whereby wo know that it is the last time. They went out from us, but they were aot of us ; for if they had beou of us, they would no doubt have continued with ns ; but they went out that they might bo made manifest that they wore not all of us.’ Now, upon this I need scarcely remark, that it is manifest that Antichrist must be looked for in the church—in the baptised body—that wo aro not to look for it among heathen or Mahomedan opponents of the truth ; but that we are to look for it among those who have, or had, a high and recognised pro tension to belong to the body of Christ. ‘ They went out from us :* therefore thoir origin—l do not mean thoir actual origin, but their prophetic origin— is within the Christian Church ; ond we cannot find any person, or body of people, fulfilling the char acteristics here which do not belong to the church of Obrist; that is manifest from the apostle's words, and we need not enlarge upon it. Tho next characteristic we find is that given in the 32nd v.; ‘ Who is a liar but he that denieth that Jesus is the Christ ? He is Antichrist that denieth tho Father nnd tho Son.’ We are to find, then, this Antichrist denying that ‘ Jesus is the Christbut bore we must endeavour to find what is the character of that denial. Now, tbore aro two ways in which men may deny Christ. We read of those, ‘ who in words confess, but iu.works deny Him.’ We read of those ‘ who have trodden nuder foot the Son of God, and have counted tho blood of tho Covenant wherewith they wore sanctified, an unholy thing, and so do despite to the spirit of Christ.’ Wo read of those who have the form of godliness, but deny the power thereof.’ All these passages show us that there is a denial with tho lips; but there is, also, an equally cogent and positive denial, of a practice! nature, which may oofcxist with a lip confession. Therefore, when Scripture says that Antiohriat denies that Jesus is the Christ, it may signify that he denies with his bps that Jesus is the Christ; or, it may signify, that confessing with his lius, like Judas Iscariot, he betrays the Son of man with o kiss, and virtually and practically denies him. Now, wo aro not left without the moans of ascertaining what is intended, —anopen lip denial, or « virtual denial of Christ ; for the Apo>t e goes on immediately to say, ‘ Who soever dot.ieik the Son, tho same hath not tho rather, but he that acknowledges the Son hath the Father a so. These last words are printed in italics, for they are missing in several manuscripts. Passing (I oin by, wo find that the denial of the Father is hound I.p in the denial of tho 8on; therefore, the Apostle it not speaking of an actual deuiai, but of a virtual denial: ‘ He denies the Father and the Son; tor if ho denies the Son, he virtually denies tho rather. The Apostle, therefore, is not speaking of the dental of the lips, hut he is. speaking of the oeui u which arises from certain consequences : that m denies effectually the character of \h2 Christ, likp those who in words confess Him, but in , Him, Hero wo arc confessedly pointed to th.? d * Dy system whioh in Western Europea?d lif*? 1 throughout tho whole world, seta itself fi- D j d * the representative of Christ, and yet doe* ™ rd i* 8 represent Him, that it practically and * Ji?» denies Christ! I mean the syafem (Applause.) 1 Now. wo know that the truth oonoeernin* nr..- , is this: that He came and laid down for us, was made one sacrifice for sin rw ‘L® one offering. He hath perfected for *»« by that aro sonetifled. Wo know, seoood?i (ho truth concerning Him is this, thaf’prV the one mediator between God and man—ih. 6 B Christ Jesns; and that is immediately with the testimony, 'There is one God - Apostlo thus unites them, * and ono ■ 10 between God and man, the man Christ* 6 ! ator Wo know, also, that tho power of is that power vested in the Son of man**“L'- 8 exalted to God’s right hand to ls to Israel, and remission of sins. Now the of Rome, whatever it may speak of fice for sin made by Christ, does not *«t forth as the ono only and sufficient sacrifice- w { do not wish to bring forward reference?whem thf point is admitted and undeniable. If we the sacrifice of the mass, we shall find that it «n“a the obedience of the saint, and of the is Intended to purge away sin, therefore Christ denied as tho oae and tho only sacrifice for sin r" the same manner, He is denied os the ono anS‘«»i mediator with tho Father. It is vain m' y mediator, or tho mediator, while other rued .fn? are required to assist His mediation with the plX, or to mediate between Him and tho sinner er ’ And. again, in the power of forgiveness of sin I will just point you to ono passage wW the tbo power of forgiving sins is spoken of and many others may be multiplied. h.» is the language in which sinners are abashed. ‘The passion of our lord Jesns Christ, the merip of the blessed Virgin Mary and of all Saints; th??o3 that thou hast done, and the evil that thou basS fered, be tothieofor remission of sine, for inorea-L of grace, and tha reward of life eternal > then wo have the merits of the blessed Virrin M.— and of all Saint»-!bat is, tho merits of simo tons of thousands or millions of individuals, together with the good works of the individual and the mffiw ings of the individual, joined with the paSo? Christ, as a moans for obtaining remission of sin • that, except as being one of ten thousand, Christ i. put from his place as forgiver of sins! Here,Ten we find that the characteristics of Antichrist area denial of Christ, a virtual denial of Him, as exhibited within that Onurch whioh uses other sacrifices other mediators, and presents forgiveness as oh' H “ God and one Mediator, one sacrifice, one that forgives sins, even God only. Now it is in the fourth ohapteroftho same epistie-tbo first Epistle General of Bt. John-where tho Apostle tolls us that ‘ manr false speakers have gone out into the world.* Hem then wo have tho next and most striking character istic of Antichrist. It is a spirit that does not confess that Jesus Christ » come in the flesh. Now this very remarkable and it requires to be noted. Yon will find in Scripture that tnings are called by what they appear. Abraham sat by his tent door, and three men appeared to him. It is manifest that one of these men, at least, was none other but God, In tho same way, when Jacob was by the brook Jabok a man wrestled with him, W e are told who that man is, for Jacob says, ‘ I have, seen God, face lo face, and my life i» preserved/ The same way with Manoab. To Jushua there appeared a man who - described himself as Captain of the Lord's hosts and Nebuohadnertar, on looking into the‘burning ° et 7. J ur i lace » says, • Lo, I see four men walking, and the fourth is like to tho Son of God.’ Now not one of those personages had the real aitributes’of a man . every one of them could vanish wbea they pleased, and wore not bound by any of the ordinary or common attributes of humanity—that is, in other words, they were men in name and appearance, hat not men in reality. Now, the great Scripture truth is, that God was manifest, not merely in appearance but in the flesh, and, consequently, you may find our blessed Lord continually calling himself by a remarkable name. He does not call himself a man but the Son of Man, in order to point out that His was not an assumption of tho human nature for an appearance for a time, but that he was really born of a woman—really and indeed man—subject to all the infirmities of oar nature ; and therefore It ie chat the Prophet loaiah, in prophesying of the birth of Christ, saya—‘A virgin shall conceive and bear a son, and shall oall bis name Immanuel Bntter and honey shall he eat, that he may know to refuse the evil, and chose the good.’ Ho was not to be a mere Divine manifestation appearing in hu man form; but. He was to be bone of our bone, and flesh of our flesh : and, thus it is written ;-* Jesus increased In wisdom, and in stature, and in favor, with God and man.’ Again, wo read of Him as ono who with strong crying and teats poured out His soul m prayer, and was heard in that He feared, It ie, however, too important, to quote that text from a treacherous memory. Befer to Hebrews, oh. 6th, and 7th v.; * Who iu the days of His flesh, when he had offered up prayers and supplication* with strong crying and tears unto Him that was able to save him from death, and was beard in that He feared.* Here, wo have the reality of a man-4 man s body-—abmnun mind—a man's natural growth —a man s living upon food—a man’s strong suffering —and a man’s strong crying and prayers. We may see, too, that we are not to expect that ontiehritt will deny that ‘Jesns Christ’ was a man: that would bo to lose the characteristic : but, wo find here what was mors strongly marked, in the 2nd oh. ; that antichrist is not only to bo found ‘having’ been in the Church of Christ, but‘still’ being iu the Church of Chr.st. For the disciples were to try spirits whether they be of Sod—false Prophets to whom the test is to bo applied— and this test i*, whether Christ has come iu the flesh or not ? 1 Now we come to apply to the Church of Borne the ' t®st Does she acknowledge Christ to have come in the flesh, or does she not? But before we enter upon the answer we must mark the, words of tbs Apostle. He does not simply use the word * deny,' not confess that Church is come iu tho flesh t We kuow what confession is. It is a fall pouring out of the soul, Tho Church of Borne her self teaches us what confession is. The bosom muat be laid fully bare, ami the acknowledgment openly made, in this sense tho Church of Borne confesses not that .Christ has come in the flesh; she c °t so confess it, unless she allows He had all the qualities of a man, if he be more, or if he be less, He is not confessed as coming in the flesh Now let us look at the system of Borne concerning Christ. First, then, * Whence did Christ derive hi* human nature ?' from tbo Virgin Mary. Through her, Ho was tho promised seed of cfao woman— P* , ° 1Dls ®d ;to Adum and Jive—which should bruise the serpent's head; and, therefore, na He derived His human nature solely from the Virgin Mother, if she were more than woman; Mis human nature was something more thau human. / would just ftsk you to look at the Ro manists view of this subject, I shall not extend. cferences ; but just rend from the Roman missal omo of the expressions used with respect to the Virgin Mother, We read, then, under the fourth irunday after Epiphany—(Preserve me. &c.; j—Prc sorve us, 0 Lord, we beseech thee, from all dangers of bodv and sou], and by the intercession of the Glo- . rimis and Blessed Mary, the ever Virgin Mother of God, of the blessed Apostles Peter and Paul. &o.; Dere, then, we find who she i» mother of— Mother of OoA! That being born of htr, then, is regarded as n Divine offspring. On the I7tb July we read— * Hallelujah! Hallelujah! (t»We. Vigil of the Assumption.j ( Alleluia, Allclnia. fee.) Alleluia, Alleluia. Through thee, 0 Mother of God, I ife which had been lost was given to us, who didst re ceive progeny from heaven, and didst bring forth for the world a Saviour. Alleuia. Offcrt; Remember, 0 Virgin Mother, to speak cnod things for us in the sight of God, that he may turn away His anger from ns. -0 God, who wast pleased to make choice of the ■Virgin Mary, and in her to dwell for a lime, grant, we beseech Thee, that being secure under her pro lection, wc may may with comfort solemnize her festival Who livest, it, c. Here, then, He did, with her, dwell for a time; while, at the sometime, instead of Bis taking human nature from her, she seems, by the act of giving birth to Jesus, to have been exalted to the Divine nature. Mother of God, —Qoeen of Heaven—and, .consequently, having power with God to brine down blessings from on high. Now, I will just read from the Breviary :—'Let that be excusable through thee which we urge through thee, Jot that bo attainable which we «sk with a faithful mind, receive what' we offer, give what we ask, excuse what we fear; for thou art the only hope of sinners. Through thee we hope for the pardon of our sins, and in thee, most blessed, is expectation of our rewards. Holy Mary, succour tbo wretched, assist the meek, comfort the ..mourners, pray for the people, mediate for the clergy, f .intercede for the devoted female sox, let all feel tliy help who celebrate thy holy conception.’ Now, Ido.not ask—la this right or wrong ? I do notask if it is right thus to address the Virgin Mother: but 1 ask ia this languoge addressed to sinful woman -? Or, is it addressed to one who wus .raised above human nature, and rat her the partaker of the Divine nature, than the more communicator of human being! I will jast lake ono quotation mote on this subject. She is called—The Star of the Sea! This is from the Breviary.—‘Hail, Star of tbo Sea, bountiful Mother of God, and always a Virgin, auspicious gate of heaven! Re. eiving that * Hail’ from the mouth of Gabriel—establish us in peace, changing the name of Eve. Loose for ibe guilty their chains. Give light to tire blind; drive sway our ills; demand for us all good things; show thyself to bo His Mother; let Him re oive our praise through tbee, who for us hath borne to be thy son. 0, matchless Virgin, mrd to all, make us, delivered from qnr faults, mild and chaste. Grant us a pure life; prepare a Safeway, that, looking to Jesus, wo may always rejoice together.’ Is it not well said that that woman had no other child but Jesus ? Is it not manifest that the woman is endowed with something ofthc Divine naturehorsoif! And He had no more claim to human nature—nny, was, however he might take the name of man, no more really man than the Man who walked with the children of Israel in the burning fiery furnace, whom Nebuchadnezzar saw and recognized to be tho * Son of God.’ Bat, if this bo the case, and if the character given of tho Virgin Mother by the Church of Romo shows that she does not confess Him to have come in the flesh ; much more does another end grand characteristic dogma of the Church of Rome bear witness to this f ict. It is a very extraordinary thing that Protestants have now gone on for threo hundred years charging Roman Catholics with absurdity and folly in believ ing the doc nine nf Trans- fUbsiaiiiiation, while the )■ nn.au, and groat, and mighty, men—men not merely distinguished for Icnruiog. but for power of mind in every walk of life—have firmly held this doctrine. Protestants say that Trass-substantiation is a gross absurdity. It is no such thing. To say that a man, a real and true man—John, James, or Peter—can bo in two places nt a time, this is indeed a gross absurdity, so gross an absurdity as never entered into tho mind of man. To say that he can be in heaven, and at the same time on earth ; that be can be wholly indivisible in tho mouths and stomachs of a million of people, is also nn absurdity that never entered into the mind of man. There fore Homan Catholics may justly fling back the charge of absurdity in the teeth of those who bring such extraordinary charges against thorn. No! Christ is called a man, but Christ is not believed ro be a man. That is stated concerning tho body of Christ which could not he true concerning the body of any man. I shall hero quite from tho service of the mass, tho preparatory prayer before mass—bound up in the Missal: ‘ Prostrate in spirit, at the foot of thy holy altar, I adore Thee Almighty God. and firmly beliovo that the mass is the sacrifice of the body and and blood of thy Son Christ Jesus : 0 grant that T may assist thereat with the attention, respect, and awe due to such august mysteries, and that by tho merits of the Victim there offered for mo, I myself may become an agreeable sacrifice to thee, who livest ana rciguest with tho same Son and Holy Ghost, one God, world without end, Amen.’ There is the Socrifico ! There is tho Victim! Now let us look at Him! His character is given in tho body of the service in Latin ; but we hare a trans lation of it, and of course an authorised translation. We know that an authorised translation of tho snored Scriptures lias not been given, lest there should be Wc Wc may rest satisfied, therefore, that there i« no mistake in the translation before us. "We read: His deified true flesh ami precious blood, Immortal nnd immortalising food. Is meal and drink, indeed, and wholly Thine, Under tho separate forms of broad and wine. •Ton see, then, the Divine nature that appeared in the form of a man could jast as well appear in the form of bread and wine, unaltered by tho touoji. Is that the characteristic of man ? Impassable's the victim wo adore. Unaltered by our touch, nor broke, nor tore; Bui Jesus whole, in veiled majesty, , Euch ono receives.'—stupendous prodigy! Let thousands f »ed,—b > Thou the only guest, An much dost thou receive as all the rest; . Unnumbered thousands oat, yet still they leave The uncohsumcd whole they did receive.’.' t Can that bo spoken of a man ? Gan a man bo con sumed, and yet unconsumed? Can a roan bo fed upon by thousands, and received wholly, and undi vided in each, and remain whole and undivided ! Lot us look from poetry to prose, and we rend from tlte Breviary, in the Oth Lesson ;—' Tims ho is eaten by tho faithful, lut by no means lacerated— nay rather tho Sacrament being divided, he rendaius entire, under every particle of the civilian.’ The question is, then, can those things, which are here assisted of the Lord Jesas, be astened of the body ofS r man ? or, does the church, which asserts these things, confess thnt Christ hns como in the flesh ? (Applause,) Here, then, wo have found the characteristics of ‘Antichrist.’ ‘ He doth not con fess that Jesus Christ has como in ihe flesh,’ And now let ds for a momeut pause on the consequences of tha£ confession. "What does Scripture say t jHere orewe creatures blind, and consequently shut out from the Creator. Who comes to visit ns ? Who conies to help us f A Heavenly Visitor: taking upon Him tho form of our nature j but when we have come to apply to Him nny of the habits of our nature. He vanishes from us, and shows us that it was God assuming the appearance of man. God, now appearing as in tho man crowned with thorns; now manifesting Himself in the fulness of His glory to His faithful servants; but still it was God thus appearing. It was no real man. Is the soul satis fled, thnt God who thus appeared was indeed a Mediator! But we find that, the soul necessarily, and naturally, goes about to seek for one who can plead with this great and mysterious Being; who may look upon him ; who nny medicate between Him and wretched man ; who may intercede with this Divine man, who assumed, for a moment, the appearance of man, bu. shrunk from bis degraded elements. And wo come to the Apostles to pray .for and to bless us, ami to other men and women who have been accepted of God, and we cry to them to plead for us with this great, and impassable, and unconsumed, and unconsumahlo. Victim; but who, when wo come to approach, and to feel Him, sad dcnly eludes our grasp, and shows us that, .in the appearance _ of Immunity, Ho only manifested His marked distinction from a poor worm, of the dnst, even in His human frame. We connot wonder, then, if the charm of Idolatry necessarily presents itself to .those who that Jesus Christ is come in ibe fish. Th grand foundation of our hope is this. Christ, not in name, but reality; tempted in all things, aud yot without sin. We turn to the right and to the loft—we have none to save, none to help, none to have compassion, unless we find our search in some of those ran somed sinners who are set before us as the accepted ones. . Here, then, wo find that the' Church of Rome’ assumes tho characteristics of ‘Antichrist.’ She is come out from the Church, and she still professes herself as the Christian Church. She denies the sole sacrifice, and tho solo moiiiaiiou, amt the sole power of forgiveness, as vested in tit** Saviour ; and she doe* not confess that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh ; but she regards His mother an something mere than woman, and she regards His flesh as utterly freed from the bonds which hold humanity. We now come to look at the name ‘Antichrist. ’ Now, the word ‘Anti’ is a Greek preposition, which signifies against. When we joiu (ho word ’anti' with an English word, it signifies something against thnt word with which it is joined. But when it Is joined with a Greek word, a word which is purely and wholly Greek, the meaning is different. I have taken the trouble of counting the number of words, or forms of words at least, with which ‘anti’ is j dood, in a common Classical Lexicon; and I find among 600 forms of tho word, and about3oo really different words, that excepting tho word * auci-patros,’ and and ono out. of .threo given to tho word ‘anti theos,’ I find the tneuuiug, with those exceptions, invariably, or almost so, is not tho opposcr of the thing named, but tbo thing uamod in opposition to something else. Thus : psalmoa signifies a • Psalm ’ or ‘ Hymn ’; aoli-psalntos does not signify the opposer or opposite of a psalm or hymn; but it means something singing on the opposite side. Corrogos signifies * x leader of dancer’; but ‘ anti- corcgos ’ signifies a lender of a dance on the opposite aide. Philosophos means a ‘Philosopher’, but anti-philosophos does not mean ‘against a philosopher,’ bat a philosopher who stands on the opposite side. Strategos means a General, but anti-strategos does not mean a man opposing a General, but a Oeueral on the opposite side. Hypatos means a Consul, but Aulyhipathos signifies a Vice-Consul, lienee Anti Christ is The opposing Christ-, or to put it in English— A counter anointed one —or — A Vice Christ. Auti Christos therefore, does not apply to any ono who opposes Christ ns . an article of belief. It cannot belong to an unfidol for his creed is an ‘nul-liiy*. It is to deny everything. And, what ever may be his views, yet, as he does not sot him self up as opposing Christ, he cannot be an “ Anti- Christ. But, if we can find ono who sets himself up as an opposing Christ—as u counter anointed one— and sets himself as nu opposite to Christ—then wo find an answer for the m a -ut of the word Antichrist. And, il we find thisop;-; Christ sotting himself up as a Vice-Christ, pi iced to fill a situation as Representative of the anointed One, wo have, then, in its fullness, a meaning of aa interpretation for the name Anti-Christ. (Applause), Now, we come just to louk at the character of the counter anointed one. SVe have hitherto looked upon tho system of Rome with respect to its doc trines ; but Antichrist is a person putting forth certain doctrines, which doctrines we have examined, and find him opposite to Chris'. Now, let ni just look at the characteristics of the head of the Church of Rome. Here, then, we have no mistake; since they at once recognise a binding and loosing power ; vaunted of on all occasions ; power to hind, power to loose, power to hold a man in his sins, ami power to remit a man from his sins. Thus we «oe one urging those claims whether his pretensions be true or false; and wo naturally want to find out who that man is. Not to find out if the man is right or wrong; but wo want to find who asserts authority to claim the power to binder to‘loose—who claims, in short, to have that power which belongs to the Lord Jesus Obrist; who stands forth aa the Christ, the maker of laws. Now, wo find that tho characteristic of Christ was this. Ho was to be a prophet like unto Moses, And Moses gave the law ; and,accordingly, wo find n all the years which succeeded, and among all the multitudes who preached and taught from him to Christ, that they expostulated, they argued they thundered forth tho throalenings, and they an nounccd the promises, but they never gave a new commandment of the law. That was made by Moses, tlte author of all. If there wore additions added by tbo Jewish people, our blessed Lord de nounced them in the strongest language which man could use. But with respect to Christ it is not so. Here is ono who stands up with power to make laws, with power to set men free from obligations which Christ laid upon thorn; so thal to sin against a law enforced and sanctioned by his authority is as great, if not a greater sin, os to sin against th» law of Christ. 1 nm not saying this is wrong, but I merely stale that Ibis is a fact fully recognised, and not dented. Then, again, we find another power, marvellous indeed. It is a power of no less than exalting to heaven. Wc find thnt there exists in the Church of Romo such a thing -as Canonisation —that ia, racing persons to heaven, so that they eke their places among tbo saints, and thus become tiie objects of Catholic worship. ‘ To tho honor of tho holy and undivided Trinity, tho exaltation of tho Catholic faith, and increase of Christianity, by (ho authority of our Lord Jesus Christ, tho blessed Apostles Peter and Paul, and our own, after a mature deliberation, repeated invocations of the Divine succour, and the counsel of our venerable brethren, the cardinals of the Holy Roman Churelt, tbo patriarchs and archnisbops dwelling in tho oily, we declare tbo blessed N, N. to be saints, and enrol them in the ca'ftlogue of saints, enjoining the the nniverrn 1 church devoutly to worship thoir memory yearly on thoir natal day.’ Tho man who yesterday was a mere mortal liko to ono of our selvas, whom any one could approach, may, to-day, be numbered among the saints, and U held up as the object of worship to all tho faithful world i (Ap plause.) Hero, then, wo find on- s-iiing himself up as possessing that authority wiruh we know belongs to> Christ.' Thus, we have a s n cond Christ! We have a counter-anointed one. But it is not merely hero that our enquiries conduct us. Wo am not to suppose that the person who has the power of exalting others to Divine honors, should be content with loss himself. The man who can make a God—the man who can make a fellow-mortal an object of worship, surely must be deserving of worship himself! ( Ap plause.) Accordingly, we find upon thro! several occasions, that the Popo is adored , and thatnothiig should be wanted to render the ceremony majestic and imposing, he is seated ‘»hile receiving adoration upon the grand altar of Sain: Peter! First of all, tho Pope is carried in his chair before the altar of tho ohnpel whore the elec: ion is made ; and it is there, that tho Cardinal Dean and tho other Cardi nals adore his Holiness on their knees, then on tho altar of the Sistlnc chapel, and then on their high altar at Saint Peter’s. Now, mark not ..only this effect, bu - consider the phic- where ho is adored. Therciis one fact worthy of remark. There arc not many points on which Roman Catholics are agreed. i>ut there is one point on which they are agreed, that Is—that the consecrated waf-r is ve r y God of very God, and tho great object of tho adoration of the Faithful! Now, when the Pope is thus adored, he is seated not beside but upon the altar; and,there fore, this which tltev believe to be God, is placed at hia foot"! while ha receives the worship of the Faithful! And, accordingly, Mr. Eustace, a Roman Catholic Priest, makes no objection to the phrase 'adoration,’ but he says—‘ Why should the altar bo made an footstool! Why should the altar be con verted into the footstool of a mortal! Way, indeed ? Because that mortal is tho Antichrist—the coumer anointed oue I need not refer to the name which is boldly taken—-The Vico-Christ. But, there is an Antichrist that the Apostle kpoaks of; where he, says that, ‘even now there are many antichrists.' Antichrist had not fully developed himself in St. John’s days. And what is that spirit then spoken of? We have seen enough. I thi: k, oho able to say what that spirit is. It is the spirit which, if it dona not deny Christ, yet strives to ignore tho manhood of Christ, and the result ia to withdraw Christ in the eyes of the multitude, whilst it exalts the Priesthood, and places them more conspicuously before tho eyes of tho people as the mediators between God and man. (Applause.) We find in the course of Church history a fulfil ment of the Apostle's words: ami just ns tho twi light reaches our northern latitudes w« seo tho liaht becoming dimmer and dimmer—the Saviour more and more withdrawn from the world, and, like tho shadows of evening, the clergy who ought to testify ‘of Christ, raising themselves up ns objects for the people to gaze on. (Applause.) This is tho spirltof antichrist; and, wheresoevorsuoh are found, there tiro the many antichrists (Renewed applause.) Now, there are two objections which have been brought to this ; —I am sorry to detain you, but I shall uot detain you long. (Enthusiastic plaudits.) —There are two objections which have boon brought against this supposition. One, I shall not dwell upon. It is one derived from supposing that the antichrist is, of necessity, bound up with other persons and other characters; and, then, showing that these other persons and other characters arc spoken of as occurring in th-ise, tho latter days. Now, what says Saint Paul in th- Ist oh. of his Epistle to the Hebrews ? God has, in these latter days, spoken to ns by his son Jesus.’ Then, again, he is identifi'd, sometimes correctly, sometimes incorrectly, with other persons prophesied of in Scripture; which will need to be followed close throughout in order to show the extreme futili y of the argum-nt. All the passages go to shew ihat Anti-Christ will come at the Inner times, therefore it cannot bo si far hack ns fourteen hundred years ago: overlooking, as I said nefore, the view which Scripture takes of these hitter times: tho latter times being those times when is bringing to a consummation His whole work. With On.i, sometimes the course of Prophecy lingers. Wo shall find the same rule to bo conspicuous iu the course of history. We find the Book of Genvsis embracing a history of more than sixteen hundred years. We shall find tho firs: two chapters oi Exodus extending over some hundreds of years; while the other books of Moses include only forty years. But we eome to another point which Is more distinct, and it is this, Anti-Christ is spr.kxn of as an individual, whereas the Popedom i» a succession of individuals. Now, wo shall ou this point just refer to a Roman Catholic authority. A speaker nt the Council of Trent used those words.: • These things, that is to ho a long preferment and a portion, being perpetual offices, must be conferred on a per petual person, that is—not upon tho first only, but upon all his successors, so the Bishop of Rome, from St. Peter to tho end of the world, is true, absolute monarch,with full and total power and jurUdicitou, and tho chnroh is subject unto him as it was to Christ ” Therefore, wo have her authority that tho Popedom is one, though in succo- sion. But, wo aro not dependant upon Roman Catholio testimony for this assertion. Look nt the 4th chapter of the Book of Exodus, 22nd and 23rd verses: iu which God, says, ‘ Israel, is My son, even My first-born, and if thou refuse to lot him go, behold ! I will slay thy son even thy first-born,’ whore the whole nation is,spoken of ns one—‘ My son,’ and all the first-born of Egypt likewise as one— * My firstborn.’ But, we find this more dis'inotly set before us in Prophecy, but I shall only just call your attention to two re markable point*. Turn to tho 2nd chapter of tho Book of Daniel, tb» 38th and following verses, wherein it is said to Nobnchadnoz-u.v Thou art this head of gold. And after’thee shall arise another kingdom inferior to thee, and another third kingdom of brass, which shall bvar rule over all the onrth.’ Now, it matters not how wo reokm these litres kingdoms—The Persian, Greek, and Roman ; or, whether we read them as the Grecian, Roman, and another; but wo have Nebuchadnezzar, a single indivi !ual, with long dynasties and succession of ‘kings, showing os that in prophetic language, a dynasty, whether it consist of an individual or of many, is regarded as one. This is more remarkable in tho 8th chapter of Daniel and 8th verse, and four following verses : {vide passim.) Here, then, wo have ono great horn, and, in the place of a great horn, came up the four notable horns. _ In the 21st verse, we are told, tho rough goat is the king of Grecia, and the first horn is Alexander tho Great. Now that being broken, four kingdoms shall stand out of ihe nations, but not in his power. Thus,.tho whole race of the Ptolemies,—tho whole race of the Seleuindœ, —stand represented by the same emblem, which represented Alexander the Great though a single individual. Therefore it follows, that an individual, or a dynasty, is represented nnder tho same symbol. If wo had the symbolic representation of tho history of England we should have one horn representing the line of kings, from William the Conqueror in 1066, to the time of our present Sovereign ; and we should have one horn representing tho 'Republican Government under Cromwell, at tho earlier of tho 17th century. Both wore intended to i-opre sent dynasties; and it matters not whether these dynasties consist of ono individual, or a long acces sion. They are alike. represented by one symbol; and, therefore, the words of the Roman Catholic Di vine, that the bishop of Rome is represented as one, accord with the words of Scripture and hence tho whole succession of the Bishops of Rome represent tho Antichrist. (Applause..) In is very much the custom to talk of an infidel Antichrist, and to point us to the future. Certainly it is well for us to beware of Infidelity. Unbelief is tho crowning sin of the world. But Infidelity in its nakedness cannot hold mankind. -True, I grant, that in tho pride of youth, tho prido of health and prosperity, infidelity may rave: but there are hours of thought, there are hours of sickness and of sadness, thero are hours of anguish and of loneliness; aye, there are hours when death is contemplated with trembling and great fear —when eternity,is approaching, and when an endless sleep is madly credited. (But that atilt small vuce which we cannot silence and which rings in our ears when thunder may bo disregarded, tells us that we have au immortal spirit; that.voice tells us there is a God, and .speaks to us of a judgment to come;! Man sickens at- and rejects tho insidious poison which is here presented to him,; but awful as is the danger of Unbelief, it only assumes its universally deadly power when it takes the character of a False belief. The French nation, in its aridness, wroto these words :—‘ There is no God !’ Bat tho very . announcement seemod to startle the people—to call thorn to their senses—and tho system of madness, under Robespierre, Danton, and" Marat, which de vastated the country as it advanced with murder, vio lation, and debauchery—the very memory, I say. when these words were written— rapidly dissolved! (Applause.) But the system that lays hold of man speaks to his human hopes nod fears, gratifies ins passions, and yot calms his oread, tells him of penance, and speaks to him of other appliances; presents to him somewhat of Chris:, and yet pre sents others who would nr ogat- the blessings waioh Christ bestowed ; that system, I sav, which imbibes from Scriptures much of its clear knowledge of human nature, fils itself to man; and if it is dis tinguished by absurdities, they are so peculiarly fitted to tho absurdities of our nature, that, like a garment, they only fit more closely, and maybe worn more easily. That is tho system ! Those who talk of a luture infidel Antichrist toll us to look for amonemy which is not coming, and to forget the enemy which h at our vorv duor<, and who is taking onr spiritual life away ! Popery is an ever present evil, a constant danger, pressing round us upon every aide. Mot less dangerous that it be longs to tho human heart. Bat man may be protesting against the P ipo ihu sits a Rome, an d still listening to the adulation that is enshrined within his own heart! Oh, let us bo beware of this! Wo arc told of a power whom all should wors op, whose names are not writien in the Lamb’s book of life. If wc desire security, let us not shut our door on one side. Let us not be deceived by parade and' ceremony, but let us see lb it "dr mimes are in loe I written in t ie Lamb’s nook ol sil ration; and tluu wo may defy the allurements, the machinations, tho designs,of the evil one. Ob ! may Jesus, the loving Saviour, Creatot, King, Redeemer, may the.loving Christ, who was once in the full reality of our nature, a despised man upon earth, but who now sits on the right hand of God, oh ! may IIo send lortn 1-lis Holy Spirit f.-om on high, and grant that we may, indeed possess a right to i h* name by widen wo are calle I Christians, —the anointed onus ! Not the counter-anointed ones, bat anointed ones like the garments ol Aaron, spoilt of in Psalm cxxxiii., anointed by the anointiug-oil, which fell upon our head, which makes us members of Christ, and joint heirs with Christ, and made partakers of the blessed spirit which rested upon Him. May that Spirit be pour-ei out upon ns, and separate us unto God, a hoi y aud u peculiar people. The reverend lecturer now resumed his seat amid enthusiastic and protracted rounds of applansc. Tno Rev. Mr. Clow moved that the lecture bo primed. This motion, though not formally seconded, upon being submitted to tho vote, was unanimously adopted by the meeting. Tho following doxology was then ohauated, the entire assembly standing :— Praiso God, from whom all blessings flow, Praise Him,all creatures hero below; Praise Him above, yo heavenly host. Praise Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Tho apostolic benediction having been prononuoed by Dean Macartney, the meeting dispersed at ten o’clock, • Melbourne on the Sabbath. —It is a political axiom that the social morality of a people may be collected from the behaviour of the lower orders. But as wo have no such section as the lower order in our community, we presume the most appropriate term for them will be tho working classes. If this be true, then Melbourne affords a favourable indication of our social state : and, what must attract tho notice of a newly are rived immigrant in our city, must be the (com paratively speaking) excellent good conduct of its inhabitants on the Lord’s-day. Botanical Gardens. —The contractor for clearing off tho timber from the banks of the river has carried his duties out to the fullest but, at tho same time, an unnecessary extent. He has actually cut down all the trees between the grounds of the Botanical Garden and the Ynrra, on tho northern side. The consequence is, that no flute-player or classic student can now rusti cate like thg Tityriw of Virgil's Pnstoial, ’‘.recubans sub tegmine pat aim fngi.’ The seques tra! grove and the umbrageous walk arc noi longer to ba found. Avarice has obtained the mastery over romance ; and the contractor, in order to augment his gains by the proceeds of the timber, has converted this picturesque scenery into a dull isolation. SaNDRIDGB POST-OFFICE. — A very fine building on a most extensive scale will be im mediately ‘commenced for the Post-ofiicc service. Tho site chosen for ils erection is at tho corner of Bay and Rouse Streets, opposite the Ship Inn. Prom Information by a gentleman who has seen the drawing for tho above establishment, we hear that wojkali shortly have a building large enough ( to make up ,tho bags for the departure and arrival pf .mails at this port, and which will meet the demands of its vastly increasing correspondence, ; it will also afford tho merchants an opportunity of posting their letters much Inter than at present and to receive their letters at (ho earliest posqlbj. dales.— ‘ Sandridge Advertiser.’ 