ENGLISH EXTRACTS. CHOLERA 1 xp t ince li ads to tho loncltt «i titbit tho .h ilt ia «ill appeal again noxt summer A mimbil ( f gentliinen actuated la that lib.! «ait d upon Loid Palineii-ton at lim llonit Oflm on tbo 27th 1 obrnati, to in|itito «hat p ci atttinnnt-A nu nutres Got irn mi it intuid to a biaded by Lord Harrowby, and cnnsiated of Lords Ebrington and Goderich with a great numbet ol ino-t uspe tallo and lntlinntial _; ntl nun (Ino el the ol lee sot tho dopu don «as to ti n. upon GoAitnmcnt tho necea sit) of nmendnij; tho Hinlth Act The Home Sciretari sail that Sir William Molesworth in his ( lb tal i hat tetet mt-ndid to prépaie ntl amend.d ¿Ail but Lord Palmerston had not te n it and be hal n t bad am o'ptntuuiti tf ascettatnitg ptt-eiseli «lint nr'ditionnl powets it «onldl.o nccissati to isk fi Ho «mild 1 glad M tho di polution ixnuld ftiniish lum in «i it tug willi tho lu ads of tho rt ililli ed uni» »A tim nt ««oAoial «iifrgpsti ins ««lomado L iii 1 I ti ipton p inltd nat the diniettllT of iai mg Mr. Helps the « mt < f n i iiilvoilHU- lodi for dealing with a t-nl ) ct a> impoitant is that ol heallh Me Bullar, the «ant of p «Ol to the «atd loin] anlest > sup* li nilli in.«« al pit «nit without it-npili ellinging tim li st txp nts? to tin lan 11 id titasotlio li nutt refund Ali I () Wild uti ni d tin no« nid tllgod till impôt tan o ol eiiablt j; 11 »i? mi st mis to III«« niniei, so that Ihm mi ht ii a ni nt) Hie i st ol «( iks our pctiods fax ot tlii-ty joai«. At the opening ol the Soss ons of the Conti al Cumin d Ctuiit on tho _Tth Pt 1» , tlio Ileioidei .(.ii ti that lim ( Heines of coiuing and uttering be-o n)iii aie ni» the meit ose mit o! Hi" pit .nmrs loi indi ii» f'"01 l'ljn «W «OK iliutgod with uimes ot thal kind Tho light oaud giUe.v belonging to hoi Mapsv's luvi'iiue cutter Vigilant, Captain Gowiland, i iptuicd on'tim Sid hist, oil the rout of Ken!, artel a spiiit'*(l eha«e ol more Ililli llueo hourn' haul lowing a »niall but vti»-fi»t siiling vessel, nuiinl th« Chailnltu, ol Louth n, with a eli w of flirt o Kotit'sh men and a inrgo ol IO bali« ol tobaem (about iOiKllbs wtighti. wini li was dtliveicd Iho l" How ing (lav lo tim Custom house, ltochtstei. A di.ndfiil oxpl-ition took plntu ou tho ivnuiiR of lh( dt li Mar» li, banoon six and seven oMoek, at the firework manufactory of Mr. Cotton, in Westminster-road, by which the premises were set on fire and destroyed, and the lives of Mr. Cotton and three other persons sacrificed, Mrs. Cotton, her sister-in-law, and two chil dren were unfortunately extricated from the building without «tillering ni'ith injiiiv, hav- ing bein at th« nioniuito! Iho explosion on tie basement lion. The gloat qitaulllv of tltewotks ol ill -oil« on Iho piemi'es did nut all iNplodo at Hu «anio moment, but continu»1 expío lons lasted 'O' somo time lo Iho tenoi ol (hu iiuighhoibond, th« io»kit», loman lights, »fci'., being di« liai gul in all dil celions, .ml driving link in alisóle» the mob a«»uiib)<-dli> witness Hie n ene. Tho Im men Oom tlio dille wnt istMlmi» win» ipdoklv in attiiidiiino, and iliiini'iiso vohnnis n| watti were poiiieil upon tin llallíes. I'nu« hnwiivet, with gietl dtlli I'ttllv, Itom th« «imbu»til le nature ol Iho cut leuts ni the [iii e, Unit tho tiro wis at longlli extinguished Tho muse . I (lils lu'.il umlli. malton it m t known Mr. Cotton and a boy had gmio lo Iho tup lluoi ol tho niiintiluu »ty Inr lin* ptii|kniit (»I pipellng some llirwoiks ilniost Ininti di ilolv bulolo the explosion tool» |)1 n e. I On« (I the pilot » ii'tiorlt lit it fht'le Is .1 Ttii'.Mi bnullo nut 11 Itiissiuli baupio in Po- ll »iib Mail«, it,lily loaded, and cn li bound to Hull ii ipili (tv o t* illili Us , thal Iho laptiun ol the lui It 1 leau lo pioieod to MU, as his mi. tagonl«! has nliu'ginn read». 10 play upon lils ciioiuy ns «non at he can 1 uti li him eleni of retdstoid. A Hull napot cava, ii ia authorised to state (hut l.ttid Ldiidesbotough lins determined to dist'tml ililli', In a oient mo uni o, Hie piosoivu ll"ti of g uno nu his extensivo eslates In Ibis munt», Ills lnidship lins taken this dotniml nitlmi on Account ol an nnfmtuiiato nreiduit which Inppoiiid lo tho lloldoiuess hounds when at LaiidosbnioiiEll lately, arising fiom Iho ovot yosl of ft ltoonor. The Bullan Ins mceonted Oniai Paulin with «»«bruwoitli JEI200 FCHOOL OF DESIGN -Hie first seln-ol of de- sign as a branch of a paioolnal school, was opened with somoeoremon) on the 2ltb Feb mar) in connection with tho National School of St ílni«¡m's in the btilrls 'Ibu lnauguial addiCH3 «aB dilivotod from tho chair by tho DukoofAig)lo Lord Uaddo, Mr Cardwell, and Loid Godeiiib, also addnsscd ths meet- ing Tho children, 000 in number, «tie pro sent Tho Council of tho Soeiet) of Alt« bato determined to hold an Ldticationnl Exhibition in next Juno when (ho eont tinea of tho icpies"ivtitiAes of it» vaiuus nlhltatid uistiti! tiona now amonnling to 335 in number will take place The council havo already tnki n measures to obtain models of tbo schools of primary instruction approved by the Depart- menta of Publie Instittction in iManee, Pius stn Holland, Sml/irland, Ponmnik Sweden, Cnnndn, and at A\ fishington, Ne« York, or Massachusetts nnd «pctimona of oiet) aiticlo autboiised to bo used m t io différant clames of schools lccogntsed by ouch State I ho council havo aleo naked to bo fnnusbod \v th cop« s of the codes of public institiction in f nee ni each countti , and thin promiso to publish at the timo ot tho Exhibition, an 1 nghsh sinopsis of tbo whole Leilira hat o boen addressed to tho largo cdifulional Indus and Guiirnmcnt departments dealing willi this sill pet in this countr) claiming then co operation m tho undi i taking Tin CAMM r -Tho tcspecttio ages of tbo Cabinet Ministers aro as folio«« -Loid Linsdowna BOA nt) three L id Abeidoon and Lord Palmotston stxti tuno, Loid Cran worth sixty thron Loid I RUPSOII and Sir I diahnm, six'i one, Sir C Wood, fifU throo, ¡Mt Glndstono, fott)-four, Sir W Molesworth nnd Sidns) Unibert, foi ti three, Duke of Newcasllo forta two Lord Gran villo thtrtA eight, Duke of AigTll, thirty Their joint ages are C8'), and thotr averngo ago fifty thrco, that of Sir Charlea Wood Soton of thom aro lindel sixt) )oatsof age, and s x ahoi o tbteescoro Stn Coi iv CATII in-it -Tho jnirnala bato mentioned tho noblo eonduet of a Tiendi olbcer in saAing the life of Sir Cohn Campbell A Mme Gauthier wiitcs to the Comltlultoimcl to saA that this act was tbo means of siviiip several brcneb bvos lu lil}, the Inn of her fntli r , at Nogent sin Seiro, was eil iked b) somn Russian soldiers, who «ero about io pteieo bim and bisfnmili with their baioncts «ben Sir Cohn Campbell rushed fo «arl, . I exclaimed, " Lo«oi )Oitrbaioi thu r Ceois belongs to me' ' Ho tim,' sa)«: Minn Gnuthtoi, " took mj falhoi in his arms, and I and tho whole of tho fimtl), who e\ pceted doatb, fill on our knees in gratitudo, tor to ti e n'ervoiiiion of this man of ProAt denco «o nil owed otu bacs "-Gattgnam tho eie« of tbo Spanish ship Rosario, 1) ing ntlhistol aftet behaving aer) ill to tho eio« of tim English ship Htghlnndei, havo com- mitted hnmicido In consequence) of an English sniloi tntcifeiing to protect a «oman, «bom ono of tho Sparnrds «as niAlticating, tho Spintsh itoAV took a spit« ngn'ml tim «hole ciew of the Highlandei set upon thcnl with klines and eut otiasatloi in tho shouldu Agun.on tbo night ol the 2ath 1 obi nan, tho Spamuda aniud «t li knnes set upon tilt ere« of tho Higliliindo*-, and put them to flight As a Spam id «ns nbont to stab a sallar, the saibai fell on «hieb tho Spnmud dashed Ins knife into tbo lack of ContultitB Mutphy nu Inshtnin, who happened to bo slniidmg m tin-street Aim ph) died soon aft r bo lind 1 con tal en to tho infuniari Two of tho Highland's ero« Hoskins nnd Beale, «oro also badi) «otinrled Nx Sp n aida «ero anested The Irish at Bns'ol «etc so cxas poi itcd at Murphy- (leith that thea attnclttd tbo Spanish ship on lim ni xt cicmng nnd the pillee bad to in'iifiro to ipiell tho not An inquest brs bein hi lil on tho body of M irph) , and tin jui\ Ins letuined n Aotdict tif ' wilful inuider against Juan Antonio Castro " Tho other Spaniard-, tomnin in custodi to await tho it hill t of the «ounds lnlbetid on tno sailors Allongements hat o bein mado In Goa em- inent with a lust rate I ondin brewer) to sup pla tho troops «bile in 'linke!, ¿c «ttbtlio best expart portel at thriopetice pet quart A ship of î 0 lons burden is no« ptcpnnng to tal e m tbo fn«t consignment foi Malta itid Con«tantin»ple Tliebmquo H»nipslme, bound for Odcssn, with boiler plates, shot, chain cibles, nnd on gino goal bat tng put int a Pot tsuioutli tin ough stress 11 «oathoi, and information bung gn en that she «as laden with n uliko andciiginetr ing atores, an ¿Admirait! order was speedtli put in tequi-ition, and piopu ofherrs 1 nid d bor, and bn\o lal en possession p.nding an eiqtttii At tho Central Criminal Cntnt, .leioininh Smith, major of live, an o'deily gintlcmutilv dross-d man, was found guilty nt wilful and contint petjurj'. comniitted by bim nprn an examination boforo an elictlon toiiiim»teo of the House of Commons. Ho was «tutcncod to tvvelvo month»'inipiisomiKnt in iS'tivgito This docs no1 Im lud J hard labor. The Duchess Elizabeth, the future Empress of Austria, will ai live at Schonbrnnn, nonr Vi una, with hor parents, on tho 22nd of Api ii, and tuako her solemn cntn'itito Viuiiin on the 2 Ith, on which duy tho murringo euicmonj will be pul formed iu tho Augtistiiio Chinch We ( I'mteJ Sen ire (Jazellc) leam thal Iho Hon. East India Companj' havo abnlisbul in Iholr anny the M'stcm of clothing hitlurlo in v oguo ; instead of paj ing colonels hy shares of oil reckonings, as is tho case in tho lliitl«)i ni my, thoy now «How a fixed sum by way of »alary. Tho Englishman calling himself Cavendish, who «as condemned by tho Paris court of as- size- to liftien jenr»' imprisonment willi bird laboi.foi forgen, enaped fiom the Concici girio. One of his «lies (ho lina thtco) and a turnkci lune bien arro«t il.chntgcd with ton nia ¡n,; at (ho prisonu's escape. Ho «as aftor vv.uds atrested, dtossed in womnn's c1 »tina, «hub ho putended ho «as «ealing foi a Tvatjoi. The extraoidinaty ngilitv and enormous bodilvstrength «hieb »ho A-inties possissaio olgieat adiaiitngo to them, during theil ox cuisions on Um loft batik of tho llannilo Mamudoi«. oben only in pniis, cross the rivet at night, tako FOIHO unfortunate Russian sentinel hv stupiico, disattu and plunder bim, "and, aftet dcpming bim of tbo power of giving tbo nlaim," letum to theil dutits as if nothing li id occurred. Such «as tho cold at .Iass\ ¡u Kobruaiy that six sent mels gnat ding tho gun» «tto fro/'li to death m ono night. Collum and i lullen, tho iinnfounders, l.aio cast and doliiotod at Woolwieli mo.o than half a million of cannon-balls tor gi ano. The llichlandor* dcstlnid foi the East «ill not hivo their caps reduced, but tho fcatheia ere tobushoitcnod. A now pattern for mililaiy suminer trousets has boen sanctioned. They are of a deep bluo color, willi ltd beading down tho outride seam. Tim Prussian ollicors solving in tho Otto- man armv having consulted theil Uovoininonl .is tu theil* position, havo boen authorised to I'ontiiiue tin ii service«. S werai deserters fiom tho ¡ilitl Itegimont rejoined licad-qiiaitora pr vlous to ¡Is einbiik atinn for Conslantitioplu, In tho bono of being ¡taidoned and allowed to pioeeod with the col ps toTuikoy, Tho fuw Kutoiiean nowapap«!* vvhicli ait» nllovvtd to entoi Poland are ki pt bael» min o ficiiiicntlv thnnovei, 01 delivered with lung gasiios, (bo wink of tho cinsor. The London Excise nHiiers have lakon poi« ie»sion oían illiiit dlslilloiv,tarried ou, on a most extensivo scale, by Mets*!». Halloy and ^'o , Caledonian toad. At tim (YiUul Criminal Couti, Mi Ander- son, a merchant, wa» lound guilty of folniiinitslv foi ging and uttering an acceiitaneo to a bill of exchange foi £2180, with intont to do fiaud. A »istppiiisivi'X'i'.-Leticia liom Hucha lest slate that douerai lluilliuip, Husidiin I'onmilsslonei-Getullaiin tho »anublan Princl utilities, experienced eonsldoinblo disgust, on learning that Gregoiy Btoutz.a, lito Hoyan!, whoso estates hu had given ordointoconllseuto, had not a foot of land In Hie o'limtry. Her Majesty has given £'-."> to tho subecilp lion foi'the »iii vivers of tho Tayleur. The bodv of a gentleman and two femulos havo been ¡bund In tho Tluuiios, A foil jw has boon sont to prison, In London, fur lillee months, fur skinning eat« alive. On Tuesday mointiK last an implosion of a bollol' took plnco at llioad Oak Mills, Ao niington, by vvhioh a oonsldoiablo amount of damage was dono, and by vvhicli the Iho bonter, »lohn Axhweifh, loot lils lifo. TtviNT FABMEIIS IN t-VOblSD. - No« many tenants aro getting tired ol tho thank li sa and enslaving system which has ft i its ultimatum the wearing ol thom out to tho back bono There aro some minds ii hu h cannot na yet approach tho idea of a colonv as a moro fruitful enterprise but with fellings of disHppiobation and ovin tetror But when LOI mial farmers aro nhlo to return to tho motlur country, and gue for short honied ditkis and (Jtiehcsics £100 £bC0 and £700 as was gum tho other «eck at Toit« ort h Court, Gleite stetBhiro , to sav nothing of Mi Meehi'« prophecy of ' the doom of the plough, and his "jldging his agnculluinl lepnlation ' in favoi of tho ' Cinadinn digging and leaping ma ehme," sucli minds mu) soon seo causo to tul e a moio fat rabio iiow of c ilonial ngiieulturo Tor if tenants mo called ii| on to invest ixtt a capital to the extent or £10 pot airo or sn\ extra capital whatovei without socuiit) foi repayment al tim oxptiingof base«, as «c11 as fun p r ccntago timing their etinenc), sueh ox.tra capital «ltb then own oidinar) «orbing capitnl tniestedin the proina 1 mds of Amonen or golden fields of Australia, through the in Blitimintal t) ol such machiner) nnd improved bleeds of eattlo, ma) ti nth moto than tenants a practical lçsst n tbo thcon of which tin v appear xeiy unwilling to loam at piosent Scicmo and capital uni tterrd in a coloni enn not ful ultimate!), wo sa), of convincing Engb«h landlords that then Airy existence ns lnndloids di pends upon a difleicnt s)stcm of farming from that which has hitherto been ptactised, with n (hl)u.nt seeitnti foi capital, for othoiwiso the) will bo left to invest the extra capital rcqiuied to lestoio their lands to a fan and pr filablo crop bear ing stato themselves, and also the working ca] Hal too for tenants will not nsign then faims until the) nre exhausted rihev lannot expect that English farmers will remain mu b Iongei silent spectators of the timmpliB of colonial agneiiltnio, not onl) oaittiikmg the irogiessol agriettltuial sennco in tho motint oounti), but propanng to loaxo bei pntn ucbal systems in the baekgi und I acts biro ate beginning to speak for tlums« lies leaving nothing foi ustose) Veil mar) latdloids.if not the ma) rit\, aro as tired or tin pn suit f\g temof thiugsasaio tbcirtcnnnts foi (xhiustid farms aio our) now and thon falling into their bands, teaching them a pi actual liston not Aoi) ensil) forgitton Neither ate the) blind to the mct of colonial agu ullino, and th i tlleifs «huh »neb aro likely to havo upon tho agriculture of tho moth t countra, for matu of thom nie welcoming tho«c pro-poet« with niorctoidiahti than are their t nnnls. In purchasing estates foi the surplus nu tubera i f their familii s mor dell) 'llio Filipina popí lui in of British ngiiiultme imbi ling land'ords louants and laboters, has been eft limited at about 200000 annunll)- a MU plus ft ulm h hu limited mid nheaill occupied otates finnis and ottages malo no pioai ion lu neu the al sindit) of am of tho o . arti s impugn ing tbo idea of a c lona Instead of such in gintitude 1 iigland (tipbt to lim! lui ul mrs as tin gtentist tnnpi ni 1 le ung «hub mi Omniscient nnd nil b un'ifttl Pin idem?« ha« cv.r conferíe I upon her-n l!ci«itig (¡iii be gtnnttirr to lu realised lind oin foi «fathers tho lint inhabitants of Bntain seen our colo nt-s of either henn-phcie lief. i< crossing tbo English Channel, ho« few of tbein would hat o cto«*ed it It was the common Humo rf the prees in ISII, that our colotul dipartmuit of tho Exhibition of tbo Indu-tij of nil Nations would prcduco the greatest i ile t and it has dono so for sine» then otu colonies liai o nsin mímensela in the rstt malton ( f tbo Br tish ) nblio and are destined to nso further as then boundless resources bj como prncticall) more fan litar to its hnqniiv lins been aroused, and before tbo intellig.iit and enterprising song of either Iat dloids . r t. liants will must limit d capitals m Iii it tsli agneiiltiiro, undi rex sting cn emu tone s tin j will Hist visit Bomo ono or other of our col - mis, en as to tiled tho bist bargain " Sit (ling in the woild is b lommg a question of pounds, shillings and p neu with thom, fur if thoa can make 10 and 20 per cent l. «peettv el« in n colona, nnd onli 3 and 10 p r ( cut in the mother counti), fen will flunk o! the lattur Itieuimotcd I «tates Bills and 'Irans let of land Bills «ill thin ixpin nee les opposition in Parliament «hilo tstntes and fanns «ill become moro numerous in tin maiket, and moio easih acquiied and, as I i our laloiiis emigration nilli them has airead) become a «ho! salo «s neon, loi n sun Im ri l'on-t ecauso Un v gi 11 ngi r vv ige« m a e 1 nj Inlett st and wig s are now lu loming piimarv eltmetits m K11 ng i tilltiral qucbtiinn and the amount e innot I ii! in tin line inn (f di lol mining dillntneis uibrd fin luaio air adv liifcinnuig totink fn tin in- stiles tis I inieilv n dm d md lil dio ils aro as w ilbng lo npprc late thom) as 'i innta, giiie nllv sjieaktng - Ittnurt Ifaijuzme, 'lui CM A\I IIVS 'lints-i. lio following iii sei iplioii of the ti'-ts Mid H stilling in the nctghboihood of tilt Mammoth Tile, is given lu a pirtj of ladies and gentlennn who xisil-d the s|x>t, ajp-ars in tho inn I rant teen (\itloltc Stanford - ' Anolhoi tt the tries is named tho 1 allier Pine This is di ad and baa ialltii to tho earth Ils dunen»! ms nie as follows -Iuiglh 100 lett iiriiimfniiiei, 110 Tho tttuik of tins ttoo is hollow whnli has been limul lor-a distance of 2u0 lui There isa htrio pond of w tier in Iho centre of tit s cavitv four fi el diep 'I In tin, J10 from tho stump i» not less than 12 feil in diaimtei llu iln-tti lallidllio J linor-Mim tal til togethei aro about '0 fiot in eiix-iiuif rei ce, and 300 feet in h ight. 1 ho eont o one is laio of balli bia In JHO f el above iho ground 'Iho Mothci Tue is un fut in nieimifii neo, and 12, lui high Iho Mother and faon ato r>2 bet in i irctim fiimce.and too ki tin height unit« d nt tlio basi 'Hie 'twin St-tiis, 100 toil in cucum ft renee niidJOOl el in hugh! lite Pt me i Calm is a lomat ki Ide inriositj '1 his ti »t has bein putt ills luinid lim result of Hie scorching Is ibu (lulling ol Iho liiml int» several i ompar mt nts w hu. li are Inown »s tho parlor hiilrnom and kiltlnn 'I he liol lnw. which is -'i>0 kef in bucht la e died tho dumm*, 'Iho trio is f-d kel in eii tiiitifirineo Manus« 'J whip u1, j ct in in unit'leim, >-» Ail m height Guardian («f Hie Innis Rfi lut in cucum ftctuo, 125 fut in bight linli Tom's (aim,'ii f el In cn illillinna, 'ICO feet lu blight Pride ol (ho 1 mest, *»" loct in cm nullum o, 100 foot in blight llirtHv of the 1 oust 7J kel hi eirc- nifiidici, 100 fiel m hugh' 'Iwo I ii nds, 8/i fut in ciiciinifoi(.ii i, loo fut in blight Ono ol thoparlv ' asked* tho Pitlor'Jroo foi «time balk, anti was «nutdid bv obi lining a hand- some sutton Hu icol ihonlovot et» ne all cniliaccd in an area not i\ tiding one hilf nulo in ixluit Tho Httiounding onuiiliv is ( xuwdinglx pittiii Mino anti biatitiftil, and those, uti!.ii ni ni) 11 mis along the load i« said lo 1 o unsittpa«sed fit lubhiititv t ml piniiduu O« i ii oiivimi vi »i i i no»,-Mi 1 - Iv - lunga nspeelallj piiittirln (ilt-gwv w is tadli bjtheiid willi tm a| | nut Ii o who i »ni ti not oi would ni t ho miliatul into that r illili o "lamnnrwhi h Ireils of Ibu ptoiirdipo slluiii ol' litliis m wolds Onodav he po sentid Muli a shnekin, lv In oi unite pi »I m modo lils ma«tu, nflu sin ing with amazo me ti t. tal o lliu f| uticli s fiom his non , ami give tho ill ills]« slug duv ii Hie NI whig mijo -" Mv man' pist nmg bimi this night, mt 1 toll vom nuit he t I boil 1 til I oil md Knight'« Ulctionaiv in mill , and laki li Im vom MIJ'CI, as til ti sunn tho onlv wav vou'llivu get »pelling i ut Into vo ' I m I of 1 og ni A jil \ ii II ion A li tv - ' \\\\\ vu io reniai It ing to a (.'ililli in in, vv ho w ns nllnnlln/, its mut h plunsmt and found hilniiitnlit n, how low l(wa one nut in "Sew Inglaid mid nsliiig if ho could i«sigii iniv nu tin lion | lied, ' Oh vos, lb » reason Is Hut no low on nilli la a iiiutih loi a tullin -/«im« f(, / Ininti uni .\r« fnjliml ClUllvell lllslli ot Wl It tv i i*( -An Isis tltto ol »our on « wide to iho »uko of Wellington rt quisling Ills Oi HI In di» hugo a dobt of 11« (Ino from lito Maiquls o' » nun, us hu would bo glud ( f " flu ninnish ' 'J ho noble 1 hike s ansvvoi was »ultim in lim 'Ibu sido ol the unit', In tho lulliivlug et lulu - "I, M the »uko o! Wt'llnktnn Is nil lim Martinis of Dollin, milhei dots ho tollt I Mi K 'H debls " Tile ansivoi was sj Itiilv iltat i kilstluof thlsoxliaoiilliiaiv nun», that Mr II has refused a eonsldeiablo sutil ol dione» foi Iho original. ! CIIOKH" in A Wn i -In tho i boleo ol a | wife take tho obotHitH dnnghlw of H good mother. i 1 im Gnr-.rit.sT oi Mo-rant«-sT have a borro, of housebreaker,, A, low m« fustian jacket, ia, t),a.?* over Ins fieo, and a pi,i,i m ,,__' ** tainlv a disagioonblo visitor to » "",, gi nllcman in tlu» middle of j . ' Ilucmlei tbohonise Tvhistyr, con ¡'tb.atoalhis.on to jour m4e ,"" life, is far fiom a phasing jiiethoil ,7 on a con-.rsation «nd ther,,r0__ descending to mi) moio minute pan,, pluming mi,Uf "pon m5 p",s _,, fiom stieb visitntionBon llio scoreofh bouso I agree at onco that & hoiMei a di tn table charneta nnd worth, "e ditimntion A murderer also lam pm ed to vimi'tato AkmfufWcul s'omnch of an elderlj _-,""._",_ halfsleopi state alter n bottle of \- n rn?nr dmwn across a bes«, maida throat - 01 a Inila ici« msirtcd through tho earhole of ». i Indi «npnged m seer, ling l,c, e. dividend m a blnck tiunkin tho ear disngreiabl« ol | ela of conttmi)Ut10I plnlnnthiopi. mind, and I tliútfr,. totneidnin tim f rxent excctatlon m murderer ia he'd b) eierj pt non I h conveifod with on the subject «.,»? sludonls of nnntom) anti tw0 or tltteo' authors of tho convulsivo school í is another miscreant for whom IW» miseratton-a wretch compared. ,,,, atrocities house breaking becomes mP, nnd murder innocent before wW hko Wael ness-to boirow tie W Cliirka Piilbps-tho dailmcis of. tion becomcfl «Into as ,,"_,_ benediction is a cun,e, »)]0e' is n nestilcneo, whoso name n oAci whoso tnnkss m-morj sha]' ,e confiagiallon of a fui), and «ho e Kl shudder beneath the appalling conn a fntbomlcss doom fir ever ' After I scription in ed I saj that I mean »-* whonegloitsto prirni tlio -mt í A «bo, to make tho ptltij laving oí, forcis bis o riespond nt to au ontlai penco, ard TOU will ahnou nnifoin tliat the unpaid lett, r is of a most ",,, natura in other respects -Jlkdiml Su tv iso -It cannot but be a cu tci insulting to nature to sha\0 clT Hi« « Indi if kept in prura lim , nnd beasts mat nctix iii Ucii their r and bair in good 01 Jci cunin' tea t fiction of n man« face anil (, ti mal distinction of sexes and « ladies prctind to tim Contran, undi far moro artiactiic to wnmit- it 1 «hen eit'tom has lind tiimi to It« ¡; serin ng 1 -iignnnc for tliur |rifn min with g. od wbi'I ers is certain j it ns foi 1 idden bv Mai« an 1 li err/c oordirg tolhc lews und Clin Inn. \y it was a sew re puni«hni(iit milong ilp-1 and ntl uro] arable insii't tnienjjtleOi The Otmnnli Miiais 1) 1 nIcurl ard half his dni upon if Sliavmp _tn I uropo I(cnti«o tho kinrs rf I rices eximp'c to lluir iv-nititi«, wiiontref IA tbenition «Indi fi ttmilv p«» to n.ighboimg nntiors, and thr-r ' e Iingtli follom d 1 a nil in this rr nile. 1 nnmanl) fashion -J)r HU 1 Am VM vors oi Tixtn ttixtr A\n UM -Gonn afit-ttiriiit nie -s nitre-heat 'xtcaiin ealing as bv intcnipn nrc-m ing the quahtx r s w 111 a« lim emm,, food UP old bo nttcndid lo ! cn r« « til the hal it offrcqucntlv du mj, nilen hociTeittiallv cundof tins ('is i c I bo as!ed whj a mutton chop md tlg ibitken maj not bo o Un in innr-nti» asnlone, but,os Dr Aim'tn>ng«ii« nu who thus reasons IH no1 siltsficil iiri'i»] i f three or fi m dtíli tent d I «, dnnks of tinco or four d rent io wine. Tho si stem rursttfd lj i doctor in Pari» is (ho bist that can It « for tho pu vinden ofgnitv ilk eli n« ¡ bung thiir lap dogs to bun inlliurein and sav 'heir ¡«.ti nu tiuiicll, mil thev not what is the matt r llio min loci dogs np in an am room, give« linn water, a little bread and a dn Ixinp lo 1ÎV war of exorcife hn males thtm skip two or Ihreo times a daj, 1 v itiratu of i horsi whip dextermislj spplol, Vt tfii piralton of a fuitntght hotil etll rrnlci Huir mistresses noll, actué, anllingi J'ili/lec/mtc Journal A pooi man lad lj appin d (o i cirri x1 tim/ii lnlhocountiv to) ti ii h a ftimralw on lus dcciasrd wife, at li (¡«attie I mu rej ing lo know HtotxprtiH 'lvvipniiw tim liplv "Couldn't von tlo it lor t " Wbv, I could priait» nu antiiuofa guinea but it would nut lo noith hearing " 'I in AVAT IO Ti lum A -PNII elitlli« prirsis-sed m an eminent digno the tile tilling n ghost sion At a Ivre pirti cxemng the Indies drovv Iltur rlnimin bim mid . xclainu.l, " Do, Punce, temfr bttlo ' U'on this tim Prince ore'end lights to bo t xlinpnishid, with th tint of one, «huh «na lift I uniingin anid/i apartment, tho door of wluili «lniined. Tim nairator c nimmo-d lu« lib,« tinned, as might bo i xpecfrd nj i nntion of a bonni phantom a liaicnijit m the midst it dntkmss ipil'e toni n rson in bid 1 or the Ia t ti n iiuouiet Pumo lind kilt his limul ixtittl denn bio talle bisAono a- timed a M| tt'ri nil All at oin e, bo a| plied hu n v band nari 1 no min of his ro«tee« who Wim, puiimg « nam 'Hie t mini vi tu lud into the other room and, m lit n fit-ion ixtmL,tushed tho NU II hjlt. ' suddtn dart ni«- utlinibl.il ihiirrítuí last tho sin «ni-inndo Iburi||c urce i lliinbinux mid (ho Punco »hu Icjind r limit d a' the uncus of 1 is t xp.ninott,? en did, with sonio tlifliiulta n i linn? np| rt hen-ion« of hi« f ut amil ia« I««.« said ho, ''tis all Aim own lui I cm quest ul mo loUnifv MU I hitit, ntl lib mnke ni) till agretnble 