THE RAILWAY WORKS. We have this week had the pleasure of inspecting sortie of the works on the railway in the immediate vicinity of the city, and were g'lad to witness the rapidity with which they are progressing towards completion. ine large skew bridge at Newtown is going forward in a very satisfactory manner, under the able superintendence of the foreman Mr. Bryant, who has recently arrived in the colony, and who, therefore, though he may. not have much " colonial experience " has had a vast deal of experience both in England, and on the continent of Europe in the construction of railway bridges, The principal portion of the arch now being turned is done by Mr. Bryant himself and appears jbo be in afirstrate style of workmanship, and we are assured by him that fcae bricks, lime, &c; , ho is using in the con struction of this bridge are of the best description, in fact as good as could possibly be had There is therefore, lie is con fident, no fear of this, bridge giving way, as was the casjyith that at Erskineville Lane From our own observations, .we tejnplined. to believe that the latter bridge ware way not from any defect in the principle of its construction, but from some neglect, or irregularity, pox accidental, in the workmanship. .Tills, however, is not likely to be the ease, with the bridge at Newtown, and1 it will be a fair oppor tunity .of testing the principle upon which these bridges are con structed.. We must, however, say we do: not very much admire these skew bridges, nor do we think there is on this line any great necessity for their introduction, and although we have not, as one of the Directors of the railway board ; on arecent occasion, expressed that he had, lost all faith in the stability of the arch , still we would rather see bridges of the ordinary construction erected than those of the skew kind, except in cases of absolute necessity. The bridge at Newtown when completed, will certainly be an: elegant structure, as well as a commodious and substantial one ; the- arch, is twenty rfive feet span, and the heigho from the line of railway, to- the centre of the Arch is aboiU the same,- and the entire length of the arch is forty-nine feet, two parapet walls each eighteen inches in thickness, will be erected on the bridge, thus leaving the width of the road across the bridge forty-six feet. On, the completion of the bridge, which will probably be in about a month, Mr. Bryant, its builder, is to undertake the construction of the arch of the bridge at Erskineville Lane, which has twice fallen in; but he is of opinion that such a circumstance will not again occur- /rhe.excavatioii of tlie pressnfc. Newtown Road willthen . be completed,, and the line will be opened, and permanent, rails laid from near Mrs. Chisholm's house at Redfern, to a good distance beyond Enmore and Camperdcn. In the Cleveland paddockr trhe works are proceeding with great rapidity and great credit v due to the engineer, Mr. Wallace, and to the .contractor, Mr. Randle, for the skill and energy with which these, works have, beep planned and carried out. A site has been already formed, and qhe t imber is on the ground, for the erection of Carriage sheds, a ramber ot' which have already arrived and are only waiting for the erection of the sheds to be unpacked, and mounted an tie wheels. We observed in the paddock two or three cases contfwniug first class carriages of a tolerable size but from nqportioi of the case having been, as yet removed, we were not in a position to make any inspection of them. There are .also four carriages of the second class, into one of which we were enabled to get a, peep. _ They appear to be very comfortable carriages, and are. divided into four compartments each compartment bavins two seats and being capable of accommodating ten persons ; so that each- of these carriages will have comfortable sitting room for forty passengers. Besides these there is also upon the ground one cattle van, one sheep or pig van, and two " break vans," other carriages and vans are daily expected to arrive, as advices have been. received of a number of them having been shipped. In this paddock also a commodious, substantial, and handsome stone building is in coarse of erection and almost completed, which is to be fitted up with machinery for constructing and repairing carriages, engines wheels, and everything ilse that may be required upon the line. This 'engine house" wten completed, and the maohiuery is set up and at work will be such a concern as has never yet been seen in the colony. Some »f the lathes which have been imported, and portions of which have been already set in the places they are permanently to occupy, an of gigantic size, and withal of elegant and complicated design; One of these which is to be used for heavy. work j such as taming the iron wheelspfor the locomotives and railway carriages will be capable of..turning ,a wheel over six feet in Jiameter, and when completed will weigh ; over twenty tons. There is also a splendid and large screw making machine, a piinohing machine, and a variety of others,, which when set in. their proper places and %t fall work will obviate the necessity > of sending to England for anything that may be wanted on. the line. The engine by which all this machinery is to be set in motion is already in its place, and though not a very powerful one, being but .fifteen horse power, is very complete, and an excellent one of- its kind, and quite capable of doing all the work which may ; bo required. In the temporary, workshops, now under the superintendence of Mr. Twiss, a number of men are employed, some, in making models, by which wheels of various kinds, pillars, and other articles are to be cast, and others in turning in powerful lathes, and finish ing off, various pieces of machinery, in iron and brass, which have already been made. Imperfect, as everything necessarily is at present,, and will be until the engine-bouse is completed, it is still a great treat to witness the operations going forward. When these works are completed, which we believe will be in the ' course of a very few months, we shall again visit them, , and we shall endeavour tto convey to our readers as correct an idea as possible of the machinery at work, and of the various processes going forward. The cuttings in the Cleveland Paddocks are . progressing very satisfactorily, though after getting a little below the surface the excavators come npon a solid mass of ironstone, of the very hardest description, and which it requires 110 small amount of physical euergy to get through. Steady perseverance; however, will achieve great things, and it is confidently expected that in the course of a few weeks the men will have got through these paddocks, and be ready to commence the tunnel which is to pass under Botany and Cleveland-streets, and thus join the line through Mr. Holden's ground, and on to Mrs. Chisliolm's and Newtown. No locomotive engine has yet arrived, but some are very shortly expected, as advices have reached the Company stating that some had been shipped on board a vessel wbich sailed in the month of September last. As soon as may be, after their arrival, one of them will be set to work, and will no doubt much facilitate the labour going on It is expected that the whole" line from Sydney to Parramatta will be completed and opened for the transit of passengers and goods, in the month of May next. If so, that month will be the most eventful and important one in the history of New South Wales. Victoria Theatre. — We hailed with pleasure the production at this Theatre, of Sheridan's comedy of the School for Scandal, and we opine that if the management would keep more to the legitimate drama, and discard those plays oi the cut and thrnst, and blue fire school, the frequenters of the Theatre Would be much more satisfied. During the past week the -School for Scandal has been twice performed in a manner which reflects very great credit on the company. All the characters were very creditable sustained. The Charles Surface of Mr Craven was admirable The Sir Peter Teazle of Mr. .Mylne, was on the whole a very good piece of acting. He had evidently taken great pains in studying the character, and although there was rather too much stiffness (if we may be allowed the expression) in his performance, it was not un deserving of the applause he received. In ithe library scene when Lady Teazle is discovered behind the screen; he committed a great error in transposing the ejaculations. Ibe exclamation of Sir Peter was intended for the olimax— and bj giving, utterance to it before the somewhat milder one of Joseph, Surface , the scene was rendered much Jess efieetive than it wouW have been if the true reading had been given. The Lady Teaze of Mrs Guerin was as fine a piece of acting as we remember to lave witnessed, indeed all the ladies sustained their respective characters .in a most praise worthy manner. The characters of Lady Sneerwell , by Miss Sinclair, Marin t\v Mrs. Branscombe' and Mrs. Candour , by Mrs. Chester were extremely well performed. In the farce of the I our Mowbrays, Miss Julia Matthews, the infant prodigy, assumed four different characters, and sustained each of them in a manner that would have been highly creditable to a much older performer, but the versalility of talent, displayed by so juvenile an actress is truly ! astonishing. Mr. C. King, as the old bachelor uncle, troubled by the gout and irritated beyond ail patience by the persecutions of his supposed nephews, was an admiraljle performance. What is called in the play bills "a romantic drama abounding in situations arid replete with incidents' of the most eioiting character' has been ! several times produced daring the weol. The curtain drops upon, certainly, a most "exciting Tableat of "falling rocks,' bine etherial flames, " the spirit of the ( murdered Agnes," terrific conflict, and defeat of robbers, a disibarge of musketry, and a number of figures enveloped in darl robes, whether soldiers' in disguise, or ghosts or murdered monks we were unable to learn. a very cleverly acted farce called The Rifle Corps, in which Mrs. Guerin, Mrs Branscombe, Miss Sinclair, -. Messrs F Howson Graven, and R. M'Gowan took part, was produced on Thursday evening with iriarked success. We understand that an equestrian , spectacle is in course of preparation as this Theatre and frorii the , enterprising spirit always exhibi ted; bj the present Lessee, we are certain 110 expense or exertion, will ba sparee in order to produce it in a style similar to the magnificent manner in which such spectacles are brought out in England. i , The Mounted Volunteer Dismount.— As some half dozen members of this gallant corps were pnjethirig equestrianism on Tuesday last, the noble charger of one of thd fcrce, a civil engineer and military volunteer, exhibited signs of juilubordination. The order was given to fall ; back instead of wbich'tha horse began tq rear ; the result was the performance of a mo|t sxtraordinary evolution by the C. E Springing from the saddle he performed arevolution in mid air, very much "resembling a aomeriailt, and alighted with more rapidity than grace on the ground. The sensible horse re lieved of his rider considered himself eiurerated from any more military 'duty 'for that day, and indulge! limself with a pleasant gallop. The whole force were in immedjafe pursuit, leaving the deserted one' seated on the ground, taking jithera doleful view of things in general, and the state of his own lijbiliments in particular. The veteran horse Jorrocks, who, no long fit for. Horaebnsh, is yet good enough for a Yeomanry (tyalry horse, led the: pursuit, till bis rider finding the vigor of the old Ibrse' returning in such a manner as to jeopardize his own previous ffirson very wisely drew rein. We have not yet ascertained ,jvheth has been arrested When he is we' lave n l doubt he will be sent where be sent his rider — to grass. : Pigeon Match. On Wednesday jeveral knights of the trigger, members of the Sydney United Pi'gejn Clu), met at the Barwan Park. Hotel, Newtown for the pnrpoa of contesting for the honour of winning two prizes, very handsomi silver cups. Eleven gentle men competed for them. The first ffi to tie lot of Mr. Wilcox of Hunter-street the best shot of the da. the seond to Mr. Whitfield of King-street, who stood next on tbilist The shooting through out was good. After retiring from tie groihd, the sportsmen with numerous friends paid all due respecn to tn excellent entertain ment provided for them by— Mrs Bovn witi the usual skill and tteution to the comforts of guests. I I A Raw i Article —The /ndayomarkefc has lately been furnished with an extra importation in the shape of private Clarkson., No 7, whose idea of the great (importance attached to the force/ including himself, are by no means upon a contracted scale, as th'ri following incident will prove. It chanced that a few days since Mr. Williaat> Robertson Bourke a highly respectable inhabitant of the metropolis/ observed a lad strike- a little girl so forcibly, as not only to fell her to the earth ; . but also to f cause her to- -fall into a fit whioh . en gendered the necessity of procuring medical aid. At this time-Mri Clarkson sauntered up, and was made acquainted with the facts of the case, and also requested to assist in tlie capture of the ladv and the removal of the little sufferer to Dr M'Kellar's. The Raw Article ' however, took the affair so coolly that Mr.Bourke's ire waB roused, and he threatened to report him to the Superintendent of Police. What's your number ?' inquired be. Seven ! replied the Raw Article ' ' Then seven shall be forthwith hauled over the coals by Mr. M Lerie, for neglect of duty' rejoined Mr. Bourke. ' I'll give you an overhauling first, for interrupting me in the execution of it," replied the Raw Article. And he accordingly introduced Mr. Bourke to Mr Dowling and Mr. Ross at the Police Office on Thursday. Mr. Roberts who appeared for the defendant, elicited the startling fact that although No. 7, was new to the Indigo Corps he had been for years areglar fire-eater in the ftrmy, and the change of colours had not produced the slightest alteration in his fiery temperament The trumpery charge was with much propriety contemptuously dismissed by the Bench ; an act which may be followed by the dismissal of No. 7 . from the force. Such | Raw Articles,' require careful manufacturing before they are invested with powers which, misunderstood, can only produce annoyance in lieu of affording assistance and protection to the citizens. v Inquest.— An inquest was held on Monday last at the house of Mr. Yeend, Commercial Hotel, corner of King and Sussex-streets, on the body of Gerrard Torrens, a man between 40 and 50 years of age, who was employed as anight watchman by Messrs/ Smith, Brothers, Sussex-street. It appeared from the evidence that the deceased was a man of very temperate habits, and on Sunday night last went to the stores as usu .1, being then quite sober; all the doors were locked, so that he had no means of obtaining intoxicating drink, nor was there any liquor of the kind in the stores A little after eight o'clock on Monday morning, the warehouseman went to- the stores, and on opening the doors found the lamp which the deceased used to keep a light all night, still burning, but he could not see the watchman ; he sung out "but received no answer ; s (bse- quently he discovered the deceased lying dead outside the store. Dr. Silver deposed, from the injuries received, and from all the circumstances of the case, he was of opinion that the man had leaped out of the window, a height of 14 feet either while in a state of Somnambulism or otherwise. Verdict — died from injuries accidentally received. Fatal Accident.— Yesterday afternoon about half-past four o'clock a fatal accident occurred to a man who had been deliveriua- a load of wood in Castlereagh-street. Soon after delivering the wood it appears that he got upon his dray, and it is supposed that the horse took fright and galloped off towards Lyons's'; Terrace, where the man was thrown from the dray, and was either struck by the horse or the wheel passed over his head. Several persons were immediately on the spot, and the poor fellow was conveyed to the Infirmary, but before lie arrived there he was dead. His name could not be ascertained. Seizure of Spirits. — About half-past one o'clock yesterday afternoon a seizure of spirits was effected at M Cheval s, in Pitt- street, by Inspector Singleton and several of the detective force, in consequence of information which had been received as to the sale of wines and sj irits on the premises. Absconding from hired service. — On Monday List John Chambers was brought before the Police Bench charged with having unlawfully absented himself from his hired service. The defendant it appeared had been hired in August last by Mr. Thomas Allen, commission agent, King- street, as a carter, for a period of two", years, and received wages in advance. Ilis principal reason for absenting himself from his service was according to his own account, that his food was not cooked' according to his own fanoy/ Mr. Allen distinctly stated that the food served to the defendant was precisely the same that he had at his own table, and the Bench sentenced Chambers to be imprisoned for one month, and then to return' and ceraplete his' contract. ' Father and Son.— On Tuesday, at the police office, Bernard Feeney was oharged with assaulting his father, Bryan Feeney.: When the coin plain ant appeared in the witness-box" be had ap parently been very severely handled. From the evidence it appeared that, he was mad with drink, arid that his son did not beat' him, but that he had to be tied to prevent prosecutor from beatiri his (defendant's) mother and. breaking the furniture ; and that the marks on the c'omplainant had been produced by his own violence. The Bench, however, .thought different, and committed the de fendant for trial. ".. . V Attempted Burglary. --On .Wednesday last two men named John White and John Lee, were brought before the police bench on- a charge of attempting to break into the shop of Mr. Joseph Wade/ watchmaker, near the Hayimirket It appeared that while con stable Walker was on duty, $bout one o'clock on Tuesday morning, near the Hay market, his attention was attracted by the Breaking of wood and the smashing of glass. He hasteued in the direction of the sound and found the prisoners at Mr Wade's shop window. He succeeded in securing White, hut Lee made his escape. JHe was subsequently captured and together with White was committed to take his trial for the attempted, burglary. White was allowed bail himself in the sum of £200 and two sureties in the sum of £100 each. Lee was also allowed bail himself in £100 and two sureties in £50 each. ,-.... Burglary.— Mr. J. W. Lewis, residing in Crown- street, VYooI- loomooiuo, about ten o'clock on Thursday morning reported to Iuspector Burke that on returning; from the Theatre, abont twelve o clock .on Wednesday night, accompanied by: Miss Macdonald, he found the ; door' of his house open, and on inspecting, the premises discovered a cabinet had been rifled oif its contents. The stolen property consisted of a set of gold veBt buttons, belonging to himself; a gold watch and chain, ten sovereigns,, ana a long catalogue of armlets, rings, brooches, bracelets, &c.;, the property of Miss Macdonajd. The value of the whole is about £90 After searching about the premises in vain for any of the. property, or any clue to the perpetrators of the deed, Mr. Lewis gave into custody two females residing in the vicinity, on suspicion of having been privy to the burglary. Their premises were also searched, but with no. better success They were on Thursday brought before the Bench and discharged ; the only ground of suspicion being, it appeared, that the lady a day or two previously had made a display of her finery to one of the accused. . Police Office Business. — The business at the police office yesterday was not of a very interesting nature. The drunkard's list contained but a few cases, which were disposed of iu the. usnal way. The summons list was but a very barren one. Qu the free litt. as it is called, there were only twelve cases, none of them any way serious, aud the majority of them were remanded until to-day hMONBY'Losr. — Mr. William Haydon, residing in Bathnrst-street, has reported to the police tbat on the morning of the 17th instant he missed a duok or. canvas hag, rather the worse for wear, con taining a £20 ohebue, £21 in bank notes, £3 in gold, and a purse containing 29s. 6d. in silver. He cannot, however, say whether he! <lpst the bag or it was stolen from him. uThb Dbnison Policy —If the blame of all the class' feeling here,: and in the other colony be placed upon the proper person, upon- whom would it rest? Is not the policy of Sir William Deniaon's government exposed and attacked ? Does not all the glory of the discord belong to bis unwarrantable interference, Lis pertinacious adhesion to a hateful system, his turns, and twists, and dodges?.. His policy was to drive men of a. certain olass into other colonies ; and to carry that out he would have abrogated unne cessarily their civil liberties iu this one. But his administration here will shortly end, and the day of retribution will sooner or later follow , on . and overtake bim. Posterity, perhaps, for once unanimous, will say -.of his. administration,. that though he had the taot, to make friends, he bad, also the meanneBS; to delude them ; and that his .government was characterised by practices, quite foreign, to the proper discussion of political prinoiples; and that come, who trusted were compelled to renounce him, because where noit he nromiaed countenance and Proffered friendshin. he but the snore unscrupulously betrayed.- \- Colonial Times . 