THE WAR. I WE, of the present generation, have been accustomed to look on an European war of nations as a-thing wholly of the past'-a thing which had gone out along with pigtails and powder and the slow locomotion of stage coaches-, and which no more than they could be expected to arise and assume form and substance again for our dis- comfort and. annoyance. We had consigned it to the re- gion of romance, and regarded it n*erely as a subject to furnish forth sortie of our most popular novels. Our latest .triumphs of Trafalgar and Waterloo, while the reflection that they were won by our countrymen made our hearts throb with pride, were ranked historically almost with the battles of Salamis' and Plataea. They were no more to be re-enacted-no more to exercise any direct influence over us of the present day-than those renowned victories of the old Greeks. It is, accordingly, with wonder and amazement that we find ourselves, by a cause utterly insig- nificant and yet wholly irresistible, thrust at once into what we had considered an impossibility. If the grim and grizzly ghost of some murdering, plundering old gisnt of ancient times were to rise from the tomb and stand before us, we should hardly be more astounded-we should cer- tainly be less troubled at the apparition. Difficult, how- ever, as it may be to realise the fact, we are most indubi- tably in a state of war, and, that being the case, it is at least consolatory to know that we are arming in one of the, most righteous causes that ever invoked the championship of free men and the blessing of the God of battles. It is not glory, or cupidity, or the lust of conquest that 1ms set the great heart of England on fire ; hut it is the pure and philanthropic desire of defending oppressed weakness against the assaults of barbarous strength, and of enforcing on ari unprincipled ambition those limits which it knows not how to impose upon itself. Most of the objections urged against this war, although indeed requiring no answer, have yet been answered over and over again. But there is one singular scruple which has taken hold of some weak minds, iu reference to which a word <;r two may not be out ol' place. We are told that the overthrow of the Turkish power is decreed by Provi- dence-that Russia is the ordained instrument of divine justice-and that from the prophetical scriptures both these facts may be clearly deduced. We have no intention, we need hardly say, of entering into polemical controversy, and therefore whether the opinion in question be right or wrong we shall not attempt to determine. But whether it be wrong, or whether it be right, we assert that it is, in either case, equally nothing to the purpose, and that the objection is of no force which is founded on such an irrele- vancy. For, granting this interpretation of the prophecies to bethe true one, and that we all-beeped it to be so, it would still be our duty, as much as ever).tartalee that course in the affairs before us which we considered to be right. It would still be our duty to aid the oppressed, and to resist the, oppressor. Providence, in order, to accomplish its de- signs, does not require that we should, confound right and I wrong : it can work ont its own wise and unfathomable plans without exacting an abandonment of principle from men. If it were disclosed to you, by a direct revelation from Heaven, that a certain man was destined to be mur Í dered, would it be the less your duty to attempt his rescue when you saw him in deadly strife with his murderer ? If it were revealed to you that you were to die by drown- ing, would that intelligence relieve you from the obliga- tion of struggling to preserve your life when you had fallen into a river ? No. Our clearest duty is to do that I which we consider to be right in each case, and to leave tito result in the hands of Him who will bring it about as He pleases, and who will please to bring it about in thc best manner. What a folly, indeed, to suppose that we are not instruments in the hands of God when we do what we think right, as well as when we do what we think wrong ! to suppose that Providence cannot carry out its schemes without our officious and impious intervention ! This war with Russia is a just war, and it is a neces * sary wav. The true instinct of the English people antici- pated the slow conclusions of their statesmen in pointing toits justice and its necessity. With their whole soul tliey have entered into the cause, and at this moment per- haps England presents the most sublime spectacle çhat Avas ever offered by any nation to the world. In France it is différent. There the impulse has come from the Government, not from the people. The; French nation, indeed, seems to be tolerably indifferent about the matter. There is certainly a total absence of that.enthusiasm which inspires England, its place being ill supplied by the martial ardour which a war on -any pretext, or on no pre- text at all, is sure always to excite in France. However, as the contest progresses, and as the alliance bètween the j two nations becomes longer and closer, it is possible that ; England may impregnate her neighbour with her own spirit of deep and earnest and indignant philanthropy. 