THE PARIS EXHIBITION. Tivts-uvj that an account of the products of Australia at the Great London Exhibition will act as a stimulus and an assistance in preparing for the Paris Exhibition, we proceed with our sketch of the juror-,' reports The next thing to he noticed consists of the wools, and we are glad to state that the Austrian "crisis was adjudged by the lines to be " highly I think " The following, table exhibits the. pa victims of those woods upon which the jurors have no idea spect it from irks - WOODS On AL&rilAIlA.; states Our Pncciro Paroo on. foot trinity. Remarks lbs (7 Elect good SO I > 008 Used for ornamental furniture Black Lum- 500 007 Hard and compact Burke t Bluegum 48 3 utilised In ship ball line;, and thought to be a strong:, durable wood Fncalji'lnsPI- 57 4 9-10 Used In ihlp-biiildlni,-, I'crllit (blue a, strong and durable 1,11111) SMOOTH I in ii) plus re 63 a all Used In ship building Italian (turn a i l) The ii) i tin 40 4 am A good 63d for making; -wittingly treenails, used In of a bark) building Do. 60 S 901 Used In ship bull Une; Prices) plus! 44 13 717 The Halifax Packet Is the Itlser required still fills wood Huon River 3 2 -403 the I O I'M Daer; dium l'lanltlliill Iron bark OS 9 1-043 A very hard and compact wood. New 8 until 29 4 . 468 Wales cedar Ilo hardwood 84 9 -75 Sunn Hirer 43 8 090 Used In ship building unless) a strong durable too I A Month in) 61 1 . "Ofll From Mr. Ijtmbcrl» Lord. collection lHinmnn A ties- 25 3 403 Much Missed firmest tells, us. and part of a vessel's line. Lo SO 13 STEM Spetlm-nshen storeroom of the belt, will!) Mohun rangs 63 3 1 ON or Ake Ake (V C) Karkulto oY 57 6 -98 ounces lls'W-rctta (A. 63 160a Wood of good milk), I. ) hard and compact As a means of comparison! we subjoin the particulars of some trees grown in Great Britain. Weight per cubic foot specific Ib of prill!) Ash (Osf relative) 500 bl discuss Idol *llrch(>w!in) 41 a 03 a 11 14 ass as) to Rule) 17 II 593 "lvi Hill (Huiscx) 41 H 1,01 W billilli in (I pens) 43 14 731 Oik (ho to die out of a dtctiruttltt!) Its IH'itt delusional 60 8 so 1) 1,08 Mt) Oak f.! I Miall) TJ CM The called off Aittirtltau and Van Diemen s Land scotts extensive and very interesting, most) of the yards below me Wd Some, if them is remarkable hair) A i lit at the specimens from New Until!) Willi must be mentioned that a plea of first-rate or thinking, ironical) a tail!) of noel., exhibit, 1 !>> 1 (I 111 Hill, and tin, smith clltttlonsuo trimmed h) Miss Di) nul b) W linnet«,-Iho litter brim; In tin it is sin pie of wool suit is 10 (our line) slit open, nnlslmllir Uhliucil g purposes. Miss liajaicrlis conti»!«oflllukHutt,IK\ Iloif()ak(Latiiurlni) Cedar, (of and six In t li ric,M)rll (shift) required- Mr W Iran Is. 11 the. II in all that 11 Maria. Di) Aero dentists run) under mills Trentham Tlip jurniH often err minute account of estimable rolling one of wools from Western Australia and the church's Lim I, Im' we shall only be able to true state a few of the most interesting pair leather V time it To me ! using, a pi I contact i in munis i I t h i n July ( Flat. Miner it Its I may t lit r s t lit . raspberries Units til today (I) list t is up till 3 'tlrtlDlstrli s It mill advised at all,, in his It with very) little I still Is mail I be for nil at iftaMi of world live is II and) 11 it is I This or even! a loan, ( to sIde due in a billiard!) min] time for ship hall last, ml I I f r nil i II and III a (series II III and only then if i if the hills in tin dish in di, At , ran to (her li to In and not till) It in t) he had In a hints eight of rt t 11 to dine It has been little Bill I Distiller I told the Ditllnit him ' landslide I t ml Mrs- I son in the it the K I Imbi Ititi) dur i i I, ii t Mr) mi in me High Uhu amid the artist finds it" I)!»»" a!)i A m I To Hull I t ! mill near it I rule not I felt t To mill until 11 t sid, I lillie ii I h i li Ellis's Hall U I had lit I I i i II in the I t i li while I ill I! I I) Y P I till I II with) Iii Is it a lad ( t i ill III) I li! Ill I ' V to Dr III I AMI Field I V in) the I t i r In I, still, am I shall) still loyally 11 will play had I t nibbled sale of -It starts, and may be had in any quartz ) and I to r east- Ulolo late of Isis announced is a dim li) flown In some of the released furniture CTIIIII! ed li shire h Its dark hue is well contrasted with the quill) bin Isa! Ill in roof Is finding him ' Blue (-unit (in iii | the (holidays) An numerous tree it is a day to be can I to ask for ship I n India,, and in) no one third in future of any ill runs! us up to jno But have "til It appears son of list ] in nature of his head decidedly of thousands of them and I allow) her to bed, but trim the arrival at this time) of latitude It certif h p inLts 11 be a met and other material for Um ship builder / htuoMim tine mar 1 ghost on the K return respect of the Mount in a bill fe ton radio, in an 11 upwards of 30 f c In di invitingly the base, and this is by no means an unfit horse r tries i flying at its According to Mu Rev Mr I life a MIHI p run tree has been a measured 102 feet in c i call for no not of it f mu the gre in the sea n Pine (Dierjdluiu I may Hill A most remarkably dutiful fittings J all and, singular) marked with a rich FJ its tail at all levels thorough litter the st n, a In Irlble li r 11 near t,I furniture A number of other excellent woods we noticed Among them we may mention the iron wool' suit Mo furthered, for burns' blocks, the musk wood, a beautiful wood, which takes a fine polish, adapted for veneering and other cabinet work. The in) the, a fine, hard, close-grained wood, of a rich pink or red color, beautifully veined, also suitable for cabinet at Sh oak, orb of stood, a hard and bottling Itillj milked cabinet stood, which takes a high polish. The stringy-bark, an are. mood the, very abundant. . It is stated that one had been found meASUring two hundred feet to the first limb. White wool (Pittosporum bicolor), which is seldom found more than a foot in came her. It his a remarkably close even grain, and is suitable for engineers. It is voted for M t Ideas or v. Wireless We have been the more particular in describing the TtMnaimn trees, because in Gippsland and other parts the woods of this colony are found to be almost to actly similar to those of Van Diemen's Land 16 WOOL The following favourable notice is given of this important staple : in her cot. r state farm in the city can tabulate' 1 in specimens of merino wool ex habits very favorable samples of the condition of the species of! that valuable hamlet) of the sheep in New South Wales The Jury) regret that the quantities trans ml (til are too sensible also if the requisite the inset Judging; of the average qualities of the books, but, he' hill into caused ration the intrastate services rendered by Lieut Lui Macarthur to the colony by his just 1 fine and a successful endeavor to devote po a si urge 11 sio Uli from the merino breed of sheep, The J it) may 1 to 11 in the prize medal The first imp stallion t f r I fruits New South nice Into England, In is 67, was '5., lbs In the year 1828, the quantity from New 8 hill A alia are to amounted to ¿>,000,0Uo lb , tabled a more the ti,.'00,000 in Jury desire to express", 1) honorable m unless, their national the good quality is of the Scots cold filled) Mr P Learmonth, by Messrs suit case and 1 Thomson, and by Mr Grant, of tasmania of, wax, A A medal was awarded to Major, Bill, and Mines, New South Wales for as low a mile honorable mention to IA. Rout, v un Diem n s Land, for a ix. IIGJIIVIS ISO HTM, NC Honorable miutlouirai made or guano, exhibited by L MIIILjau, ft out Van Diemen's Land Chas S X11 UO0M.I>«f AMI DOCTOR MiM.tICTOllI » 1 rout Sydney) are exhibited three pieces of d I tweeds, manufactured by J Walker, Vtliich do c to suit pale as a mile; from 1 young colony, and certain ly show that, sales fewtuclmen, widely capital and uuetdner}, the cool side incident soon be matlotipro. duce many of their absolute needs read of this description as is seen -merino jiuiniLu The jury here examined with real interest Several horses ] printed In Van Diemen s Land, at Hobart Finn some or them by Henry Domingo, with M the a. fact mainly Kalendar,-' and the "Tasmanian J final to date, and two large volumes, accompanied by 1! he. trophy, likewise designed and printed in Australia, and the execution of which is satisfactory The same may be said of the " Acts and Ordinances of the Governor and Council of New South Wales, printed at b)d ne) In used, by William John King, with type cast at Sydney It is to be regretted that. introduced as it now Is even to the confines of the earth, all the productions of the Press have not been represented in this universal gathering, for printing Is a gift almost as necessary to man a speech, for the manifestation of his thoughts Mr. Dowling received a prize medal. nooKuiMuisa VAN limiting the The Council of the Royal Society of Van Diemen's Lu to display to a collection of books neatly bound by Mr. Ril«ei,nn, of Hobart Town, and one volume laid to bo gilt and lettered with gold leaf from Carlton is manufactured at) Mr R. V. Hood, auioofllobirtTowii, Class XXIX. SOAP AND CAMlirS. W. LT. Burford, South Australia, got honorable mention for well-made jollow ship Van Diemen's Land sent tallow candles, and New South Wales sent spermaceti candles. COMICTIOM it. Van Diemen's Land contributed raspberry and currant jam, green gooseberry jam, red gooseberry Jim, and quince jam q wind UM j New Zealand beat specimens of insects From Yan Diemen H Lind Mr V Cox exhibited a case of '1 famine in interest. and M Bonnet one of 'I ism mun birds aRMinius i n trusses for the chief contributor in the department 18 "Nan Diemen's Land Mr Al is mailed sent ft writing desk and a work box: kinds of matchwood, and ml ml with jim, blackwood, what oil , an 1 myrtle Sir W T Denison and Mr I' Secrets but each a talking sink, made of the hard portion of the bone of the which, with her 1-, caned out of the whales teeth, and Archie. iron "Marriott for vi tried t stick made of the work of 1 Mining i t t i tun ma quad) rains) 1 Milligan exhibited several small boxes, comprising a (libel to small boy turned out of the tooth of the spine while, a turned snuffbox of iron wood ((Vat " like), one if the limit pine, and one of the musket I (t II e II <ngoj>ln/Iltin>) New South Wales con tribute 1 a desk of polished weeds and Now near and a b y w is li details be regarded as a native di winners, us it in pencil 1) the iboiiL,iuts to confine their head does Such H a summary of what An India contributed to the London I»\liilntioii, and it is very um eli to be denied that she will make a better figure in that of rates In order to forward this important object, so far as Victoria is concerned, we shall in another article, and from time to time, offer to our local committee RUCII suggestions as may occur to its; and we earnestly entreat, in furtherance of the good work, the support and cooperation of t\ ory patriotic colonist 