PROGRESS OF THE WAR. RETREAT OF TUG RUSSIANS ACROSS TIIE DANUBE.-The complete defeat of the Russians on thc 16th is confirmed, a portion of the be- sieging avmy having been driven back to Kus gtin, and thc other having been forced to' recross tho Danube in all haste. > Tho Turks took several standards and a great quantity of baggage. Five Russian Generals wera either killed or wounded in this affair alone. General Luders had his jaw carried away by n cannon ball, a fact which it was deemed neces- sary to conceal from the Russian troops. General Dannenberg has succeeded to tho chief command over tho Russian forces, in con ? sequence of tho wound received by tho Generala lately in command.' Thc Russians aro said to have lost 50,000 men on tho Danubo. TUE SIEOB OP SILISTRIA BAISED.-PARTI- CULARS OP THE DEATH OP MUSSA PASIL*. Tho Journal de Constantinople gives tho fol- lowing details respecting Silistria, coming down to tho 2nd instant:-"Letters received from fcliumln, dated the 4th, announce to us fresh at- tacks directed against Silistria on tho 31st of Muy and 2nd of June, in which the Ottoman troops have obtained tho most brilliant success. Unfortunately, this success has been bought at a very dear price by the death of tho heroic com- mandant of chis place, one of the most distin- guished officers of the Ottoman army, Mussa Pasha, who was killed on tho 2nd of June, during thc day time. ,- Ho has died nobly and holily, as he had alu ays lived, for his country and sovereign. In him, Turkey laments. one of her most devoted children. Ho died intrepid and calm, in the midst of his triumph,- after ho lind once moro repulsed au enemy numerically so much superior. His was n nublo heart, that at every post to which thc imperial confidence had called him, always prompted him. to fulfil his duty, and he had made himself beloved by all who served under his orders. Äs a soldier he was skilful, courageous, loyal, and pious; ho received tho mortal stroke at tho very moment' he wns beginning to pray, by thanking God for tho new victory vouchsafed to the Ottoman arms. After the attack of tho 29th, tho Russians retired to prepare a fresh assault; and on tho 31st they advanced with considerable forces, making tho assault in tho order they had dono two days before. The struggle was long and desperate, when, repulsed on all sides, they were obliged to retire, in tho evening they sent a Hag of truce, requesting permission to carry away unmolested their, dead, which was granted to thom. They collected 2000 c roses oh thc-field of battle, which the imperial troops wcro able to count from tho top of their ramparts. On the 2nd of Juno, having made fresh dispositions, tho Rus- sians made a general assault, arid attacked thc forts, while their flotilla bombarded tho town. The combat was most murderous and unsuccess- ful for tho Russians, thanks to the heroic intre- pidity of tho imperial troops,' who confronted tho enemy wherever ho appeared. About mid- day, when the fight was gathering in intensity, t! o splinter of a shell struck the left side of Mussa Pasha, who survived but a few minutes, though able to convinco himself before expiring that, thanks to his excellent dispositions and tho valour of tho Ottomans, this attack of the Rus- sians would faro no bettor than tho preceding ono. Towards evening, in fact, the ltussians had succeeded in driving a mine under tho first battery of Arab Tabia; but tho defenders of this fort had been onnblcd to pcrceivo it in time, and j they made a countermine and blew up from 350 to 400 Russians of the storming column, which was holding itself in readiness to carry tho breach when tho mino should have effected its object. Profiting by tho. disorder that tho explosion produced, tho Ottomans inado a vigorous sortie that led to a general defeat of tho enemy, and tho taking of his intrench ments." Tho Sultan (says tho Patrie') on learning tho heroic .death of Mussa Pusho, who lias left scareoly any property, accorded his family a pen- sion of 00,000 piastres. Tne BALTIC.-STRENGTH OP THE ANGLO FRENCH FLEET.-The united maritime force's of England and France amount to 54 sail, armed with 2,726 guns, and supplied with 29,150 sea- men nnd marines.' / PROJECTED ATTACK ON CRONSTADT-By the latest and most accurate intelligence, wo per- ceive that Vice-Admiral Sir C* Napier,1 with tho fleet, was off Cronstadt with fifteen English ves- sels, mounting 1025 guns, together with six of the French ships of tho line.' Rear-Admiral Corry. was left to watch and blockade tho Sweaborg fleet with eight English and several French vessels; and Rear Admiral Plumridge, with his force of screws and paddles, was to blockade tho Gulf ofBothnia. CAPTAIN GIFFARD'S WIDOW.-The widow of, tho lamented Captain Giffard visited Odessa, in tho Vesuvius, under the safeguard of a flng of truce. She was permitted to land, accompanied by Captain Powell, and remained there twenty four hours collecting particulars of her husband's dying moments, which were thoso of a hero meeting his death in his country's canse. Tho crow of-tho Tiger, on seeing a British naval' uniform pass their placo of confinement, wcro [ about hailing tho wearer with a British cheer, j thinking their moment of deliverance' from'cap- tivity had arrived, but were very judiciously silenced in timo by a' sign,from Captain Fowell. .Tho junior, officers, such os midshipmen and cadets, have been- placed in a'naval college to improve them in their profession"; the seniors aro said to have boen removed to. Moscow, the Emperor having refused to listen to any ex- change A little before Iiis death, Giffard called thc crew around his bod, and soid, "Lads, you owe your lives to my being wounded; . this hin- dered me from blowing np the ship. Farewell! ] Greet our dear England for mb when you seo it." After these words ho asked for a glass of lemon- ade, turned his face from tlie sailors to thc other side, and gave tip tho ghost. TUE CREW OP THE TIOER'.-Tho Soldaten Freund has' a letter of tho 10th from Odessa, which contains some interesting news relativo to our captivo countrymen. The officers and men, who seem to bo in no want of money, are permitted .to walk: about ns'thcy please. Tho .conduct of thc officers is highly praised, but tho. common sailors every now nnd then take a great deal moro to drink, than docs them good.-. On the ' 6th, they, got very drunk in an Odessa "girishop," and a regular fight among themselves was the consequence. The combatants could not bo separated until a detachment of tromps interfered with levelled bayonets. The officers mid mid- shipmen frequent the host houses in tho placo, and British and Russian officers may evening after evening be Been,walking armin arm on tho Wusser glacis, and ' listening to tho military band. VEXED QUESTIONS.-Does your hair fall ol'? -No; but our income docs. Do you suffer toothaoho?-Yos; but wo do not Buffer imperti- nence.' What will ' you tnko withyour chop ? Tho chango out of the shilling. Have you seen tho Zulu Knfllr8?-Yes; and wo don't wont to sec 'era again.-Punthi 