MYSTERIOUS DISAPPEARANCE. A GIRL LOST IN NEW YORK. Snell was tito simple nnnouiicomcnt in TAe Tribune j*;st«rday, of a girl lott. "A good looking, rather tall girl, seventeen years of ngc, dark complexion and dark hair, was lost. She was well-dressed, nnd started to go from her father's house in Spring-street, near Broadway, to her brother's, in tho same street. And she was lost." Some stranger who reads that simple announcement, ono who has spent n night nt one of tho three great hotels on tho corners of Spring- street nnd. Broadway, may wonder that a girl should bo lost in such a re- spectable neighbourhood. Ho docs not know thnt the guests of tho biggest of thc three hotels look down on one sido upon ono of the worst gambling hells, and ouo of the police permitted gambling lottery olliccs in thc city, and on thc other side upon still worse premises; houses which the vocabulary of infamous language has no words suflieicntly black enough to describe; houses which aro ever open for innocent young girls to enter, from which innocent young girls never return. They arc "lost." This is not tlic first girl lost in New York. These aro not the first parents who have been deeply nlllictcd; who have appealed in vain through the press for any information of " a girl lost." Wc have a little incident to relate of a girl lost. A few years ago No. OOO Church-street was accounted thc " luckiest hnuso in the street." There are a great many unlucky ones in that street now, and that particular one is estimated tho most unlucky of all of them. Tt should bo so, lt was in that a girl was lost. For tho sake of her parents, brothers nnd sisters, nnd largo family of relatives, wo will not give her truo name. Wc will call her Julia Montgomery. She was just such a girl us thc one described in the "item" of yesterday. She was tall and handsome, just seventeen, with dark hair and eyes, mid well-dressed. Sho lived in one of tho river towns, and carno down upon one of tho barges that float down such a multitude of things produced by farmers, in company with her father and mother, who brought some of their produce to market. On thc same boat were two young men who had been up tho river, they said, on a sporting excursion. This was true.-Hut they might liavc added, " What is sport to us is death to you" They wero gam- blers. On the passago they made thc acquaint- ance of Julia, anil by their bland manners com- pletely won tho confidence of tho old folks. When they nrrived, they were anxious that Julia should go homo with thom and sec their sisters. They were not anxious that hor mother should go, but they insisted very hurd that she should, because they knew she would not; sho had her butter and eggs ami chickens to sell, and lots of shopping to do, so Julia went alone. She carno back to thc boat towards night to tell her mother what nico girls tho Miss Cam pto wns were, and they wanted that sho should go with them to thc theatre, and then as it would ho Into stay all night. The mother consented, as Mr Camp town was such a fine young man. After tho play they had an oyster supper and wine, and Julia became very much eluted. Then they went home, to Mr Camptown's hdusc, which was no other than thc notorious Church-street dca, and thc "Bisters", tho mast notorious sinners in it. Of course more wino was drunk, und Julia became oblivious of what transpired. She waked to consciousness next morning to find herself-"a girl lost." Almost délirions, sho Hew from tho wicked scoundrel nt her side to thc street-door, to find it barred against her. Tn vain she begged and prayed, and cried to bo let out. Tho soul incarcerated in the infernal regions might as well pray for ogres?, Sho finds in both cases only scolling at tho victim's agony. She then grew wildly furious, and they tied her hands and feet and carried her down into thc coal collar " to let her get over her fit, and koop her out of sight till tho old woman was out of the way." For throe days Cnmptown watched her father and mother, and then they gavo up and went homo with heavy, hearts, for "n girl was lost." Yes, sho was " lost." Then Camp town went back to enjoy his "country beauty." She was lost to him also. In some of thc pul- lings down and diggings up in that street, all that remains to earth will make another "item" to a daily paper. It will bc headed " human bones found." The inmates of that house soon left. It was no longer a lucky house. Tho ghost of Ant murdered girl walked through every room. One in particular it never allowed any ono to occupy. It is said that tho ghost still haunts that house. Tho old haridan who kept it-well known in that street when that girl was lost- went off to Now Orlonns, lost ali lier property, and then was lost herself. Caniptown still lives. Wo saw bim a few days ago in the very street where thnt girl was lost, noticed in tho " items" of yesterday. .Uns he any connection with her loss? Reader, there is a girl lost. Ask where and why? Rum and gambling can answer. - AW York Tribune. 