LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. THURSDAY. The SrnAxp.it took the chair at half-past three o'clock. LAW OF? EVIDENCE BILL. The SOLICITOR-GENERAL begged to move that the Law of Evidence Bill be re- committed, in order that the first, second, and third clauses might be abandoned. The only clause which now stood upon the Bill was one to which he thought no objection could be raised, and the other clauses, which he would introduce and submit to the consideration of the House, had not the slightest reference to the evidence of husband and wife, but they had reference to the evidence in cases where the complainant was absent from the colony, and he wished to place the law of the colony upon the same footing as it was in England in that respect. Many inconveniences had been found to arise from the deviation of the law of the colony from that of England as regarded evidence. He remembered a case in which the present state of the law operated in his favour, in a case in which he was engaged, Hughes v. Jamieson, which was an action in respect of scabby sheep, and the damages were laid at £5000. The complainant was living in England, and had a station in the colony. The defendant was allowed to go into the box, and was subjected to cross-examination, and he believed lost the action because the actual plaintiff was not in the colony. Great injustice had been done in that case. The other clauses were of much less importance. They were to give a more complete effect to the act which was passed last session, for amending the law of evidence, the operation of which had been cause of considerable inconvenience. In accordance with that law, if a captain of a ship comes to the colony, and whilst here wishes to bring an action against any party, he could not be examined de bene esse, however serious the inconvenience of remaining here might prove to him, because he had the option of remaining in the colony if he pleased ; he would therefore move that the whole Bill be re-committed. The House then went into committee on the Bill. Clauses 12 and 3 were expunged; clause 4 was amended, and now stands in lieu of clauses 1 and 2 and it was moved that the following clauses stand part of the Bill 7-5. In all cases in which any person, not being a party to the suit, action, or proceeding, may now be examined as a witness de- bene esse, or under a commission, it shall be lawful for the court, or a judge, to order or permit any party to the suit, action, or proceeding, to be so examined, on such terms, in all respects, as the court or judge may think reasonable and every examination thereupon taken, if the same would have been admissable in the case of an ordinary witness, may be read in evidence at the trial or hearing accordingly. 6. Provided that no de bene esse examination shall be allowed, under the last preceding clause, on the ground of intended departure from the colony or to remote parts within the same, unless it be shown to the satisfaction of the court or judge that such departure is in fact urgently required by unavoidable circumstances, or Borne unexpected emergency, and that the examination is not sought in order to avoid cross-examination before the court or a jury. The Bill was reported, the report adopted, and the third reading fixed for to- morrow. FINANCE. The COLONIAL TREASURER felt constrained to admit that the Estimates now coming under the consideration of the Council might, to some extent, form an illustration of the old adage, " All is not gold that glitters." Although the figures which appeared on the receipt side of the estimates of the present year made a brilliant show, compared with those to which they had been accustomed in former years on the other hand, the same causes which had increased the receipts had also, to a very large extent, increased the estimates of expenditure. The large wages which had been earned by the labouring classes, and the large profits which had been made by the middle and [ lower classes, which formed the bulk of the community, had enabled them to consume to a large extent the articles on which taxation was principally laid, and, consequently, there had been a large increase in the revenue of the colony I But, on the other hand, the Government ; had had to pay a high rate of wages, or prices into ¡ which those wages enter, and therefore the expenditure had very largely increased. It would, however, be to the satisfaction of the Council to see, notwithstanding the large increase of expenditure which was owing to these causes, that the cost of some very large public works, which were much needed in the colony, formed part of the current expenditure of the revenue of the colony. If honorable members in the House, and critics out of doors, would look carefully over the estimates of expenditure, they would find that the increase was principally owing to the great amount which had been placed upon them for public works, and also to the increased expenditure necessary to carry on the Government, and which increase in a corresponding degree was necessary in every private establishment,' caused by the high prices and high wages which prevailed. He denied that there was anything upon the estimates which were coming under the consideration of the House which indicated costly habits, or that the Government expenditure, properly so called, had been in any large degree increased. It might as well be said that if their expenditure now were increased to the amount of one million pounds, and they had expended that sum upon the construction of a railway, that the Government had been extravagant, and the expenditure of that year had exceeded the expenditure of former years by one million pounds. That observation might be made in respect to the estimates for 1854, and with as much truth in reference to the supplementary estimate, which was scarcely to be regarded as such in the ordinary sense of the term. It would he seen by referring to that estimate, a very large amount indeed had been placed upon it for public works. It would be recollected by the Council, that at the close of last session the expenditure proposed by the Government was very largely increased, upon recommendations which had been made by the House, and particularly in order to give increased salaries to the public servants. These and other items of a similar nature had increased the expenditure to £60,000 above that which had originally been proposed by the Government. The reduction made in the gold digging license fee had reduced the revenue derived from that source to two- thirds of its former amount. He had anticipated it would cause a reduction, and he believed he had stated his conviction in that House at the time that it would cause a reduction of at least one-half of the revenue then derived from that source. Notwithstanding those large increases which were proposed to be made in the year's expenditure at the close of last session, it was then anticipated that the brighter prospects of the revenue of the colony would prevent any deficiency and that there would be ample funds to meet the increased charges. That expectation had been fully realised, the accounts of revenue and expenditure for the year 1853 showing that on the 31st December in that year there remained, at the credit of the general revenue, a net balance of £95,108 1s. 7d., after charging the cash, balance in the treasury,. at that date, with sums amounting to £44,683 14s. 6d., which then stood at the credit of sundry votes, and were still available, if required, for the services to which they had been appropriated. It was now ascertained that on those voted there would be savingstotho amount of £21,077, which, added to the net balance above mentioned and the surplus of 1853, which would be available to meat further expenditure, would then be increased £117,085 1s. 7d., which would enable Government to go on with and carry out projected public works. The rt merino for the first six months of the present year had been ï>qo/î non ~~A with -a.!- v?- i rt . . . *330,uau, and the estimated revenue for the whole year amounted to £65 1,500. The estimated revenue for the year 1855, was £756,455, nor did he believe that this was an exaggerated estimate. When he addressed the House last session on an occasion similar to the present, he had felt it his duty to enter at some length into comparisons between the productiveness of the revenue under the former tariff of the colony and the existing one. It was not necessary for him now to go into the merits of the present tariff; those merits were already fully established, and it was unlikely that they would be gained by any honorable member of the House. But he would, with permission, trespass on the time of the House by submitting to it a few statistics which he had compiled, and which would show how the revenue for past years had been made up, and how these statistics formed a safe base for calculating the revenue of the ensuing year. The first item he would allude to was the duty on spirits imported into the colony. He found that from the 1st of January, 1854, to the 30th of June in the same year, the amount paid for duties on imported spirits, was £117,861 in the corresponding period of 1853, it was £90,153, showing an increase on the year 1854, of £27,708, or somewhat more than 30 per cent. He found the consumption of the higher class of spirits, those descriptions of spirits which paid 6s. per gallon duty, was, in the first half year of 1854, 239,355 gallons, and in the first half year of 1853, 151,234 gallons, showing an increase in the consumption of this class of spirits, in 1851, of 88,121 gallons, or more than 58 per cent. The consumption of the lower class of spirits afforded a somewhat singular contrast to this statement. He found that the consumption of spirits chargeable with a 4s. per gallon duty in the year 1851, for the first six months was 230,275 gallons, and in 1853 it was 223,913 gallons, the increase of consumption in 1854 being only 6362 gallons, or rather less than 3 per cent. The increase in the consumption of the lower class of spirits was much inferior to that which had taken place in the higher class, although of course some allowance was to be made for the consumption of spirits distilled in the colony. He next came to the duties on tobacco. From the 1st of January to the 30th of June, in the year 1854, the amount of duties collected on this article was £26,951. In the corresponding period of 1853 it was £21,256 ; showing an increase in the year 1854 of £5695, or upwards of 26 per cent., notwithstanding the reduction of the duty, from the 1st January, 1854, from Is 6d per lb to Is on manufactured tobacco, and from Is to 8d on the unmanufactured article The consumption of manufactured tobacco in the past half-year of 1851, Was a 370,087 lbs in the first half year of 1853, 236,172 lbs , showing an increase in the consumption in 1853 of 139,915 lbs, orupyyaidsof 59 per cent. The consumption of cigars and snuffs was in the first half of the year 1851, 81,168 lbs in the first half of 1863, 31 259 lbs , the increase of consumption in the year 18ot being 16,909 lbs , outwards of 136 per cent In the importation of unmanufactured tobacco, which was a very minor article of import, there had been a falling off from 25 lbs in 1853 to 898 lbs in 1851 The next article to which he would allude was that of imported beer The duties on the importations from the 1st January to the 30th June, 1831, amounted to £1718 In the same period in 1853 it amounted to £3091, showing an increase in the duties on beer, in 1854, of £1627, or upwards of 52 per cent. The consumption of beer, included in the last half year of 1851, was 575,037 gallons in the same period of 1853 it was 358 429 gallons, showing an increase in the consumption of 1851 of 216,608 gallons, upwards of 60 per cent. The consumption of beer in bottle had been in the first half-year of 1854 278,635 gallons, in 1853 the consumption yy as 191,716 gallons, showing an increase in the consumption of 1854 of 86,919 gallons, or upwards of 45 per cent. He next came to the article of wine, and he found that from the 1st January, 1861, to the 30th June, the amount of duties paid on wine was £20,133 , the amount in the corresponding period of 1853 was £10 279, exhibiting an increase in the amount of duties paid on by me in 1854 of £98, or rather more than 95 percent 'The consumption of wine in the first half of the year 1854 was 402,663 gallons in the first half year of 1853, 205,o91 gallons showing an increase in the consumption of wine in the first half of the year 1854 of 197,072 gallons, outwards of 95 per cent He now came to the article of sugar, even the returns were not quite so favourable From the 1st January to the 30th June, 1853, the amount of duty paid on sugar was £20,739, in the corresponding period of 1854 it was only £19,972-shoyying a decrease in the amount of duties on sugar in the first half of the year 1851 of £767, or something more than a percent lines, however, was, he believed, the only article of importance in which any decrease of Cus- toms Duties had taken place, and it was in this instance to be attributed to the very large importations which had taken place in the year 1853, and which had caused so large an accumulation of stocks as was quite sufficient to account for the falling off in the importations in the early months of 1854 He next came to the article of tea from the 1st January to the 30th June, 1854, the amount of duty paid on tea was £15,637 in the corresponding period of 1853, it was £13,027-shoyving an increase in the amount of duty collected on tea, in the first half year of 1854, of £2500, or upwards of 19 per cent. The duties on coffee from the 1st January to the 30th June, 1854, amounted to £2820 In the corresponding period of 1853 they amounted to £1184, showing an increase in the amount of duties in 1854 of £1636, or upwards of 138 per cent. The consumption of coffee in the first half-year of 1854 was 902,477 lbs in 1853 it was 378,997 lbs , showing an increase in the consumption in 1851 of a23 480 lbs The duty on dried fruits was comparatively insignificant, but the increase in the same periods on which he had founded his previous calculations were in 1851 at the rate of 97 per cent. From the statements he had made it would be seen that there had been a very large increase in the amount of Customs' duties collected during the first half-year of 1854 over that of the corresponding half-year of 1853. It would be seen that a very large per centage of increase had taken place in the duties derived from every duty-paying article, with the exception of one, that of sugar. The result was this-from the 1st January to the 30th June, 1854, the amount of Customs' duties collected was £209, 969 in the corresponding period of 1853 it was £160,719, | the increase in the half- year of 1854 being £49,248, or upwards of 30 per cent. Now the estimated revenue for the year 1855, to be derived from the Customs, was £500,000, whilst in 1851, at the rate of collection for the first six months it would amount to £420,000. The expected increase in 1855, therefore, was £80,000, or about 20 per cent. Now, looking at the high rates of per centage in the increased amounts of duties paid in 1854 over those paid in 1853, he did not think that the Government was too sanguine in estimating the revenue to be derived from Customs at £600,000 for the year 1855. He believed that the increase which had taken place in the present year was not owing to any prodigious increase | of goods on consignment ; nor did he think that the importations made in this way had outstripped the wants of the colonists, or of their means of purchase ; more particularly as regarded duty paying articles. There might have been some ' excess in the importation of' merchandise generally, but he denied that it was an excess of dutiable articles. The principal part of the goods taken out of bond were for consumption, and the consumption was proved to be fully equal to the importations. There was another very important point to be considered in the discussion of this question. It must be remembered that in the past six months there had been no increase to the population of the colony through immigration, and consequently no increase to consump- tion arising from that source But, from the funds which had been sent home from the colony, it might fairly and reasonably be anticipated that in the course of the next six months twenty thousand souls would arrive in the colony at the Government's expense and it was not too much to expect that they would be accompanied by at least ten thousand immigrants who would come out at their own cost. The effect of so large an addition to the colonial population must be very largely to increase the consumption of duty paying articles, and thus to contribute to the revenue, the Estimate of which he had laid before the House. In speaking of the amount derived from Customs', duties he had not made any mention of the duties collected on spirits distilled in the colony. He found that from the 1st January to the 30th June, 1854, the amount of duty collected on these spirits was £18,096, and in the corresponding period of 1853, it was £10,173, showing an increase in the amount of duties collected in 1854, of £7922. The consumption of colonial spirits in the first half-year of 1854, was 98,707 gallons, in 1853 it was 55,490 gallons, showing an increase of consumption in 1854 of 43,216 gallons, or nearly 78 per cent. When he referred last year to the large increase in the amount of duties on spirits, he had stated, and he believed he had stated with truth, that the increase then was one rising from the large general increase of consumption. He was sorry to say that he could not now repeat this statement, for it could hardly be doubted that the large increase in the amount of these duties, this year, arose from a fact which, he regretted to say, was patent to them all-the great increase of intemperance. But, while he admitted most cordially that this was a matter of extreme regret, while he should be ready to lend his best energies to put down this crying evil, he could not agree with some, that these duties were not a proper portion of the revenue of the colony, that they were derived from a polluted source. On the contrary, he believed that, if these spirits were so evil in their operation, they were the most fitting subjects for taxation, and that it was only proper to bring those who disgraced the colony by their drunken habits under contribution largely to the general revenues of the colony. He would now refer to the revenue derived from the gold fields, and, as he had before stated, the revenue was not in a very satisfactory state, From the 1st June to the 30th June, 1853, the amount paid for licenses was, £26,266. In the corresponding period of the year 1854 it was only £12,513, being a decrease in 1854 of £13,723, or up wards of 100 per cent. But at the same time it must be remembered that the decrease in the rate of charge for the license fee was 200 per cent, caused by the reduction of the fee from 30s to 10s. Although therefore the revenue derived from this source was very considerably diminished the number of licenses issued had materially increased. He found that in the first half of the year 1853 the number of licenses taken out was 23,700, from the 1st of July to 31st December, in the same year, it AVRO 21,358. From the 1st January to the 31st May, 1854, it was 22,043, and adding the average number issued per month (4000) to that number, it would give to the first half year of the year 1854, the total number of 26,043. It could not therefore be said that the operations of the present Act had been altogether unsuccessful. He thought when the present Act was passed, and he believed he had expressed his opinion at the time, that notwithstanding the altera- tion of the law in other colonies in respect to the license fee, the old rate should have been maintained, and he was of that opinion still. He believed had the old rates been adhered to they would not have lost any considerable number of the applicants for licenses, and this branch of the revenue would consequently have appeared in a more advantageous position. He now came to another very important topic. He alluded to the establishment of a branch of the Royal Mint in this colony. The sum of £5000 was put down as likely to be received from this Institution during the current year ; but he could not say whether this estimate was at all a correct one, as the Government had at present no data on which to calculate what the probable receipts of the department might be. He had no doubt that the establishment of a Branch Mint would, in the main, be an advantage to the colony, but he could not go the lengths of his hon. friend the honorable and learned member for Cook and Westmoreland, and think that it would produce a large revenue. To have a Mint in the Metropolis of the Australian colonies would be a most desirable thing. It would be advantageous, altogether apart from any pecuniary profit or loss attendant upon it. But he felt bound to state that he thought that the income to be derived from the Mint here would be very small. He wished he could bring himself to think with the hon. Member for Cook and Westmore- land that a revenue of £50,000 per annum could be derived from it but he must say, if such a revenue was produced he thought that it would show that a great deal of gold was being very badly used. He believed that gold would be confined only to the extent of meeting theworkingexpenscsof thecirenlntingmedium of the colony, that beyond the supply of this want the holder of gold would prefer to export it in bars or ingots. In order to estimate the value of the gold likely to be converted into coin for use in this colony at the Mint, he would refer to some statistics as to the coinage of gold in England. He was unable to obtain any very recent statistics on the matter, but the figures he should quote from were from a Parliamentary paper of 1837, and for the purpose for which he referred to it would answer the purpose as well as any other. He found from this paper that the total value of the gold coinage at her Majesty's Mint, from the 1st January, 1896, to the 31st December, 1836, was £55,152,000, and that the average annual value of the coinage during that period had been £26,260,000. The population of the United Kingdom according to two censuses taken during that period was, in 1821, 21,282,000, and in 1831, 24,410,000, making a mean population during the whole term of 22,846,000. Taking the population at this number, the rate of gold coinage during this period, would have been under 2s. 3d. per head. The population of New South Wales, according to the latest return, was about 231,000 and taking the annual amount of gold coinage in New South Wales to be the same as that of England, namely, 2s. 3d. per head, it would give an annual amount of gold coinage of £28,390. Now, it was impossible to suppose that a higher rate of seignorage could be charged than 2 per cent. : this 2 per cent, on £38,390 would yield £567. But he considered that the quantity of coin which would be likely to be required here would be far less than it was in England. Here there were fewer retail dealings in proportion to the population the chief exchanges in this way being in Sydney, where paper money was in almost universal use, it being, as was well observed on a former evening by his hon. friend the Chairman of Committees, more convenient and less expensive and equally safe when established as it at present was in this colony on a satisfactory basis. Assuming, then, that the seige storage on the gold coined for the use of this colony should amount to £500, and giving twice that amount for the payment to the Mint for the coinage for neighbouring colonies, it would give a total income de- rivable from coinage of £1500. He admitted that there was another advantage which could be derived from this institution, namely, the assay of gold, and he had no doubt that, from refining and running gold, a considerable income might be derived. He thought it probable that one shilling per ounce might be charged for this purpose, which, in 100,000 ounces which might be expected to be taken to the Mint, would yield a revenue of £5000. In this manner no doubt the Mint would probably pay its own way. "When, however, this result was so problematical, it was fortunate that the Mint was to be started at so opportune a period as the present, when large quantities of specie were being exported : the Mint would be enabled to, supply any deficiency that might arise. A considerable amount placed on the Estimates was to be derived from the sale of lands. It was intended that a large quantity of land in the Barrack square and the Circular Wharf, together with a valuable reserve belonging to the Government in the newly formed part of Pitt-street, as well as the present site of the cattle markets, should be sold. The proceeds derived from the sale of these lands would go to provide for the completion of the Circular Quay, and prevent the necessity of raising any loan for this desirable purpose. There was one other topic to which he wished to advert, and it was also a matter to which he could refer with satisfaction. He alluded to the Post Office department. The revenue derived from the Post Office, from the 1st of January to the 30th June, 1854, was £1/,888. In the corresponding period of the year 1853 it was £9772, showing an increase of receipts in 1854 of £2116, or 21 per cent. This afforded very satisfactory proof of the beneficial and successful operation of the cheap postage system. But at the same time, while they had cause to congratulate themselves on the increase of revenue collected in this department, they could not close their eyes to the fact that, while the revenue had increased by pence, the expenditure had increased by pounds. Owing to the present enormously high prices charged for the conveyance of the mails the expenditure in this department was largely in excess of the revenue derived from it. But in the consideration of this subject there was this fact to be considered, that the public had the advantage of having newspapers delivered to them through the post office free of all charge whatever. The delivery of these newspapers throughout the colony interfered very much with the regular delivery of the mails. If only letters were sent by post their conveyance would be easy. They being small in bulk could be carried on horseback, but the great difficulty which arose on the delivery of the mails arose from the quantity of newspapers, and yet all these newspapers were delivered free. He found that the number of news- papers transmitted through the post in 1853 was, 1,515,580, which if charged at the rate of one penny each, which was the old charge, would have returned £6314 to the Colonial Treasury, and this was the value of the accommodation which had been given to the public by the . free couve Branch ~7r -3? Whilst he was on a to "STand would venture to allude to" SUbject remarks which had been made by some to. critic out of doors in reference to the,! **><Sö Although, in general, in the criticism i detail the facts and figures in reference toZ\a^Z were correctly stated, it reminded him r1.0*« nouncement of the manager, of the ni? of the so with the part of the Ghost left out " T ? Hatt's critic had in his calculations and observe) a overlooked the very inconsiderable item of treat the conveyance of mails, and consenT,, become make the estimates of «n^v^tS^^i ference to this department agree Treasurers to! increase in the revenue of 1855 over the "Mt he believed, quite justified, and not tell?, 854 H this anticipation in the preparation of this would have been unwise and improper The, states have had to resort to a loan uCtí¿^wmI4«lS to assent to the stoppage of public world says portance. The balance which for one or postal' surplus of the revenue over the ex 68 next year, namely £23,620, would £ ' C. of to clear margin for all charges and appronriLift0 15 might be made. It was not his ESS a comment on the statements made in H R "SS minute as to the several items of expense ""is a course might probably involve the of Miss mature and unprofitable discussion afTer ill "fa- might be more fitly considered when the items were proposed in Committee. But 12, 5s to offer a few observations as to the gen axis of the increases in the expenditure of:", character the Estimates. With the exception'oflLT^« this it was hoped would be a self- sown tell a lishment, and the Shipping Master's RL also a self-supporting establishment, £, "chwas addition of any importance to the find " no penditure, and consequently no embiirr^m!nUal M' Government could arise, Even should? v*0 fate of the revenue occur. The large ?"°Íintt>5 navy departments of the public service is entirely owing to the very high rate of',.. """W high price of^commoditi/s, and I followed and certainty that so long as the high rate of ITMA h gil price of commodities continued! So Sums of articles paying duty, and cowS?? amount of revenue derived from them ySy % undiminished. But should this stX' Z v tail off, if the rate of wages and profits should be M to such an extension to admit Thomsons for summer and then to diminish the revenue i s n follow that the Government would be 3, as its work done at a cheaper rate and a,! t e set was lost by the falling off Assist made up in the saving in the expenditure S posal to grant an allowance of extra muffs officers and seamen of her MUNSAN this station would, he was sure, receive first assent of the Council, not only because a measure of justice to them on account of the in U expenses to which they were subjects,! L " Creased of the high rate of prLT of every shade of T and subsistence, but because he washouts SS would be gratified to avail itself of This under present circumstances, of showing Zk attention to the gallant men to whether look for the protection of their harbours and their commerce. ? m, Captain KING wished to know why the officers and seamen of surveying vessels were excluded Si increased pay ? man The COLONIAL TREASURER- It was found. that the officers and seamen on surveys were engaged on an Imperial service, A therefore if any increase of pay were icquW it should at least in partly borne K by the Imperial Government. There w re Z great public works for which provision was made b the estimates now laid on the table e, equal, first in importance, but different entirely in their cfimS and the interest they were likely to excite., Thofint o these was the fortification of the harbour, and the other the extension of the principal quay of the day" in order to supply increased accommodation for the shipping, which the growing commerce of the colour demanded. The Council were well aware that the subject of the fortification of the harbour yvM lost considered, before any substantial conclusion m come to on it. Although at all times admitted I to be necessary, it was thought that ii I involved an unprofitable outlay, and no one apprehended the approach of the day when she protection would be actually required. Now, how. ever, after an interval of nearly forty years of peace, the country they belonged to Was again engaged in war; and it was urgent upon them to provide means for their own defence. To defer these wait longer would be trifling with the opportunity we had been afforded them of preparing to resist o attempt of hostile aggression. For hisownpurtht I had not the slightest fear, so long as the great mari- time power of the world were combined with the own country in this struggle, or at least were not op posed to that country. Let the disturber of the world's peace but stand alone as he did at present, and he feared no injury to their country, no interruption to their commerce. Their guns might be on their batteries still and dormant, but their new quay would be a scene of busy activity, teeming with the blessings which an uninterrupted and extended commerce would confer upon them. He had already congratulated the Council on the prosperous condition of the public revenue, and he believed he might also congratulate it on the general soundness of the financial condition of the colony. There had no doubt been a very considerable amount of over speculation in the importations latterly made to the colony, and the result of those speculations would probably be, that individuals both in this colony and in Eng land would materially suffer. But, on the whole, he believed the trade of the country to be in a very sound state. An hon. member had referred afet evenings ago in tones of alarm to the great excess (J imports over exports, which had taken place in the last year. But when the return, which exhibited this excess, was more minutely examined, he did not think it offered much cause for apprehension. . In the year 1853, the value of the imports exceeded that the exports by £1,809,000, but in reference to the return of imports and exports of the previous year, (1862 would be found that the value of the exports in the year exceeded that of the imports by £2,600,000, m therefore in the transactions of the two years, there's still a balance in favour of the colony of £800,000. In Sydney they everywhere saw the indications of prosperity spring- ing up around them. Notwithstanding the high price of labour and materials, buildings had been erected in all parts of the city, which would do credit to any city in the world, and which displayed no in- considerable amount of ornamental beauty. The old buildings of the city were passing away I and the old colonist, who returned after a few years' absence, would look in vain for the rude dwellings of the early days of the colony and in the newly-formed streets and stately edifices he would scarcely recognise the town that was -" Jlirntur motor magnate quondam, Mirntur ports stropUurmjue ct strata alarm." In many of the country districts similar signs of progress and prosperity appeared, although reproductions rural produce had been somewhat checked by the scarcity of labour. Seasons had of late been very favourable, crops had been good and prices high j but the want of labour and of facilities for bringing the produce market had seriously interfered with these advantages. With respect to immigration, the cause of the first of these drawbacks, their prospects were not unsatisfactory. The sum of £200,000 was now in course of expenditure by the Colonial Land and Emigration Commissioners to furnish them with labour, and on of this fund only one emigrant shepherd had nip arrived ; therefore he might say that nearly all of the ' emigrants to be paid for out of this fund had yet to come. A further sum of £50,000 had been remitted;, and £50,000 more would shortly be sent, and this would form a fund from which they might expect to receive about 20,000 souls into the colony. Anam' provement of the roads of the colony was a subject which had been referred to a Select Committee of the Council, and he trusted tra deliberations of that Committee would be the adoption of a comprehensive measure, we would at no distant day afford to the colony same facilities of travelling which had ministered in to the convenience, the comfort, and the social improvement of older communities. There was one-point topic of congratulation, which was suggested DV we present estimates, and that was the foundation of a new settlement at Port Curtis. When tliey'"»»iT present position of the great colony, which out as years since they planted to the south, we must rejoice at the establishment of another set of their stock, with prospects in J> perhaps, as bright as those of the cow of Victoria. Such events as these gave to w own politics a freshness and a charm which most older countries, with all their greatness, did not pay sess. Those older nations had the prudence or so past, they had the greatness of the present, men ; had not the bright and transparent future which open on the view of the colonists of New South Wales, they directed their forward-looking thoughs w s destiny which this great continent had to John. idea, on which Victor Hugo some years ago comEs a series of poems, relating to the social and political events of the day, struck him as apply- ing to this colony. The author said that the age in which he lived was one of twilight but the question was, whether it was the twilight of the coming or departing day, whether the gleam which he saw in the political and social horizon was the gleam of the rising or the setting sun. The colony was in an age of wEight, but they knew, none could doubt, that it was the twilight of the morning, and the morning of as bright a day as ever beamed upon the page of history. They knew that before them was a destiny as noble perhaps as that of the great nation from which they sprung, and with which it was their highest pride to be connected. (Hear, hear.) With these observations he begged to move That the Speaker do now leave the chair., and the Council resolve itself into a Committee of the whole, for consideration of the accompanying Supplementary Estimate, and Estimates of Expenditure for the year 1854-5. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL seconded the motion, which was carried. The House then went into Committee, and the AUDITOR-GENERAL moved the first item of the Supplementary Estimate for 1854, namely, £35910s. for the sergeant and troopers on the establishment of his Excellency, the Governor-General. Dr. DOUGLASS expressed his hope that the Government would not then proceed with the items of expenditure which had been placed on the estimates. The Council had listened with much attention to the address of the Hon, Colonial Treasurer ; but to go into committee upon the question before the Council, without any discussion on its part as to the statements just made, would be to put forth to the public that the House conceived the hon. gentleman's speech to be a fair expose of the financial condition of the colony. This, however, he (Dr. Douglass) felt assured was not the general opinion of the Council, and he should therefore move that the Chairman leave the, chair, report progress; and ask leave to sit again on. Wednesday next. The COLONIAL SECRETARY said that he had no objection to the course proposed by the hon. member. The motion of the Auditor-General might be regarded as one made pro forma and he (the Colonial Secretary) conceived that no complaint could be urged against the Government on the ground of hurrying the Council in the consideration of the estimates. (Hear, hear.) Mr. MURRAY said that if the hon. member for Northumberland had come down to the Council that evening unprepared to go into the question of the financial condition of the colony, that was his own fault. He (Mr. Murray) believed that the majority of hon. members present were quite prepared to go on with the question. He conceived that the reason why no reply had been made to the address of the hon. Colonial Treasurer was that it was generally admitted that it would be a mere waste of time to refer generally to a broad question of finance, which might be far better considered in all its details in committee. (Hear.) For himself, he would then observe that he did not agree to all the propositions of the Colonial Treasurer, but he thought that the proper time to urge objections was when the items were brought before the committee in detail. On Wednesday next, if the motion of the honorable member for Northumberland were agreed to, the committee would doubtlessly listen with patience, if not instruction, to any remarks with which the honorable member might favour them. Mr. CAMPBELL said he was completely taken by surprise at the course which honorable members appeared to be inclined to take. He had distinctly understood, from what had fallen from the honorable members for the Southern Boroughs and Cook and Westmoreland, that the full discussion on the financial minute was not to come on that evening a but, on the contrary, that the former hon. member would move the adjournment. Mr. MURRAY denied that he had given the hon. member any reason to expect that he would take such a course. In fact, he had distinctly stated that he would not move the adjournment. Mr. CAMPBELL maintained that he had been given clearly to understand that such was the intention of the hon. member. The CHAIRMAN called the hon. member to order. Mr. CAMPBELL, whilst bowing to the Chair, would nevertheless repeat the expression of his surprise at the course taken by the Government, and seemingly approved of by the majority of the Council. He should most certainly vote for the adjournment of the discussion on the general question until Wednesday next. It appeared to him (Mr. Campbell) that it was a significant sample of the rule of the present administration, that the Colonial Treasurer was to come down to the House, move the reading of an important financial minute, then address a few ornamental words to hon. members, who upon being asked to go into committee, cried "aye, aye," with the utmost carelessness, and, without any discussion, were disposed to consider as a mere matter of form the whole question of the colony's ways and means and expenditure for the ensuing year. He contended that the adjournment of the subject ought to he agreed to. Neither the Council nor the public, nor the Press, had had sufficient time to consider the minute laid so recently on the table of the House. The court journal of the colony, the Sydney Morning Herald, had only that morning suggested a reasonable delay in the bringing forward a full discussion on the question, and this he trusted would be conceded. Dr. DOUGLASS desired to offer a few words in reply to the remarks which had fallen from the hon. member for the Southern Boroughs. The hon. gentleman (Mr. Murray) seemed to anticipate that he (Dr. D.) intended to inflict a two hours' speech on the Council next Wednesday. He was, however, mistaken. He (Dr. D ) did not, like the hon, member, indulge in lengthy addresses, and he would observe that when he did address the Council he made a point of confining himself to facts, and not drawing upon his imagination. (Hear, hear.) What he desired in moving that the House should resume was this he considered that the statement of the Colonial Treasurer should not be allowed to be published as one which the Council, without offering any comment upon it would seem tacitly to admit might be allowed to pass current. He (Dr D.) contended that when the question for going into committee was put, it was well understood that the debate was to be deferred for a week. (Hear.) It was no credit to the Council to move the chairman of committee into the chair, and so allow no means to hon. members to offer any opinions except upon mere matters of detail. Mr. jvlaktIN denied that the Government had shown any unseemly hurry in their mode of bringing the question before the Council. After the statement made by the Colonial Treasurer, the Speaker had put the question, in the usual way, for the House going into a Committee of Supply. ' There had been ample time for any hon, members, who desired it, to speak upon the general questions embodied in the minute. It had, however, been shown by their silence that it was considered the better course to discuss the various details in committee. But assuredly the adoption of this course could not be construed by the public as yielding a tacit admission by that Council to all the statements and arguments of the Colonial Treasurer. (Hear, hear.) That he (Mr. Martin) on a previous occasion, had pursued a different course, and upon the bringing forward of the Governor's financial minute had opened up the whole question, was true ; but even then he confessed he had misgivings as to the expediency of the course he had taken. In the Legislature of this colony the state of parties was widely different from that which was presented in the House of Commons. In England the aspect of political affairs gave, with each successive year, a new financial problem for solution. New principles were perhaps enunciated by those in power, which might be opposed by the party who, by successfully objecting to the financial budget of the session, unseated the ministry of the day. This state of things did not exist here. The Governor-General's annual financial minute, with its accompanying estimates of Ways and Means, and of the probable Expenditure of the Colonial Government, contained varied and most important details, which it was the duty of the Council to consider with the utmost care and vigilance. But in deliberating upon them the Council had not in view any party politics ; they did not seek to unseat any officer of the Government ; they regarded the whole question as one of financial importance, upon which every item could be well and carefully discussed in detail. Mr. PARKES said that he, like his hon. colleague, had been taken by surprise at the course which the Council seemed disposed to take. He thought it was any thing but creditable to the Government to offer any opposition to the motion of the hon. member for Northumberland. The fallacy of the argument of the hon. member for Cook and Westmoreland (who now disputed the expediency of the Council discussing the general question of finance when brought forward by the Government was really admitted by himself when he referred to the course which he had taken on a previous occasion when the financial minute of the Governor had been brought forward. But this inconsistency on the port of the hon. member was not surprising, when public rumour, as it was tolerably well known, said that the Government of the colony was acting under his instructions, i (Cries of oh ! oh !) In reply to those ironical cheers, he (Mr. Parkes) would say that it was not only within the precincts of that Council that the local Government was stated to be so degraded as to be acting under the direction of the hon. member for Cook and Westmoreland. (Renewed cries of oh ! oh ! and laughter.) He (Mr. Parkes) contended that a full discussion upon the general question of finance ought to be entered into, and he had positively been assured that a reply was to be made to the Colonial Treasurer's speech. He should support the motion of the hon. member for Northumberland, because he conceived that, by deferring the debate on the general question until next week, the time of the Council would not be wasted that evening, and that before the House went into Committee next Wednesday, hon. members would have every opportunity to speak on the general question. If any obstacle were thrown in the way of such discussion, he sincerely hoped that the elective portion of the House would divide on every item of the Estimates. (Cries of oh ! oh !) Mr. MARTIN had a few remarks to make with regard to the question before the House. The honorable member for Sydney who had spoken lost had brought night after night all sorts of measures and motions before the House, on every occasion charging the Government with conspiracies. But any remark which he had made did not justify a charge against him of conspiring with the Government. If any honorable member thought proper to reply to the financial measure, he had had opportunity to do so. None of the members were gagged ; but they had not taken advantage of the opportunity, and had allowed it to pass by. If honorable members thought it material that a debate should take place on the financial measure, he differed with them in opinion, and, if they were unprepared to address the House in reply, it was ridiculous for them to suppose that they could force him or other honorable members to do it for them. And then, when the opportunity had passed by, it was absurd policy on the part of the honorable member for Sydney to oppose every motion item by item, in Committee. It was a policy which had never before been attempted in the House, and he hoped the members would scout it. With regard to the charge made against him, of collusion with the Government, if any other honorable member thought proper to allude to it He was at liberty to do so, but for his part he considered the charge too absurd to merit notice. Mr. HOLROYD did not think that the delay asked for should be denied, although a debate upon the Financial Message was not likely to be attended with any good results, the statement having been undoubtedly compiled with great care and creditably. Yet, as delay was required to enable honorable gentlemen to make themselves acquainted with the estimates more fully than they had had time to do, he should vote for the postponement, although when the estimates were passing through committee he usually voted with the Government. He did not consider that, because a debate had not taken place upon the Financial Message, the members were debarred from opposing, in committee, any items which might appear objectionable. In the last session he had opposed several items, and had caused them to be struck out. If they were situated, as alleged by the hon. member for Sydney, between the Government on one side, and the hon. and learned member for Cork and Westmoreland on the other, they were indeed in a dilemma. He was as ready to postpone the consideration of the estimates as the hon. member for Sydney ; but he would not agree to his proposition to oppose them item by item. If such a course were adopted, the estimates would not be got through in less than six or twelve months and if the hon. member intended to persist, he had better make a motion for honourable members to bring their nightcaps down to the House. (Laughter.) The honorable and learned member for Cook and Westmoreland had been in the habit of opposing the Government on forn e . occasions during the passing of the Estimates ; but it appeared that he had found his mistake out. (Hear.) When Mr. Donald- son was a member of the House he always was conspicuous for his opposition to the Government measures, and without a doubt he displayed great tact and gave good reasons for his motives; but upon his departure it seemed that his mantle had fallen upon the shoulders of the hon, and learned member for Cook and Westmoreland, who took the most conspicuous part in opposing the Government. But it was to be hoped that the hon, and learned member had seen the error of his ways. The Financial Message of the Governor of the colony was not similar to the introduction of a measure of finance in the British House of Commons, where the position and power of the Ministry was tested by the success of the Budget, but in this House the enquiry was whether upon a sum, for instance, of a hundred or more pounds for a clerk, or allowance to military, or the grant of a sum for a public work, ought to be voted ¡ but a debate as to whether the estimates brought forward in the financial measure of the Government ought to be adopted or not, could lead to no useful or important result. It was the better course to discuss the items seriatim than en masse. He admitted that the speech of the hon. Colonial Treasurer was an excellent one, and the statement made by that honorable gentleman was very elaborate, but to reply at once to the entire statement, which had been carefully prepared, would be a very difficult task, and he had no hesitation in stating that with regard to himself, that speech had gone in at one ear and out at the other. (Loud laughter.) Mr. MURRAY felt as anxious as any other member to make every necessary retrenchment in the expenditure when the items came before the House, and he was prepared to go as far as any in checking ex- travagance with the public money. He hoped that, merely because he did not reply to the Government minute, it was not to be assumed that he was ready at once to proceed with the estimates, although he did take a few notes during the speech of the honorable Colonial Treasurer. He was ready to assent to a motion of adjournment until Wednesday next, although he did not feel disposed to reply to the financial message ¡ and it was a most difficult task to reply to a speech and statement upon finance which had of course been prepared with care and time. In the House of Commons, members possessing the greatest amount of talent had signally failed in attempting to reply to a financial measure. The hon. member for Sydney (Mr. Campbell) had stated that he had signified his intention to reply, but the honorable gentleman was mistaken. He had only intended, in the event of a member replying to the speech of the honorable Colonial Treasurer, to make a few remarks himself. So far as he was concerned, it was a matter of indifference to him whether the estimates were proceeded with immediately or on Wednesday next, but if they were adjourned until Wednesday, in common with other hon. members he would have more time. He hoped, however, that the hon. member for Sydney (Mr. Parkes) would not adopt such a course as that of dividing the House upon each item seriatim, and he would put it to that hon. member whether to pursue such a course would be consistent with his duty to his constituents? (Hear, hear.) If, when called upon to vote for an item, which he felt in his conscience would be beneficial to his constituents, it would be inconsistent with his duty to them to oppose that item, because he had felt aggrieved in a particular instance ? (Hear, hear.) Every measure brought before the House ought to be judged upon its merits, and ought to be considered by a member with regard to its tendency to prove beneficial or otherwise to his constituency, with as conscientious a regard as a juror was expected to feel when called upon for his verdict. (Hear, hear, and cheers.) However insignificant a measure might appear, it ought not to be opposed except upon its own merits, and he hoped the honorable member for Sydney intended to act like some of his fellow-countrymen in the House of Commons, and oppose every measure only on its merits, and not, like some honorable members in the House, oppose every measure brought forward by those to whom they were opposed. Mr. DARVALL was glad to find that there was no intention on the part of the Government to oppose the postponement of the measure. The hon. Colonial Treasurer had made a speech well worthy of a reply, and he had certainly no reason to fear discussion upon it. He believed that to adjourn would be the better course; yet they ought to pause before they came to the conclusion arrived at by the hon. and learned member for Cook and Westmoreland, that because the House was differently constituted from the British House of Commons, they ought not to debate the whole question, but only oppose the estimates in detail. He thought the House ought to debate the whole question of expenditure, and have a discussion upon the entire system of taxation. Then, if no amendment was passed upon the measure, it was open to the members to propose any amendments which might appear necessary upon different items. He heard with painful feelings that the improper system of taxation was to be continued, taxation upon drunkenness, and taxation upon industry. They had agreed to continue the regulations for the management of the gold for another year, by which the diggers were subject to a tax, not for some useful purpose of the Government, but for the support of a body of useless officials, who were required for the purpose of keeping order in consequence of the great amount of drunkenness and crime occasioned by the unlimited licensing of public-houses on the gold fields. They taxed industrial pursuits as if the Government searched for means and occasions of taxing to employ gentlemen as officials in the performance of useless duties, and the Government appointed them to collect a tax which was insufficient to cover the expenses of collection. Whatever disparity and difference of constitution might exist betwixt this House and the British House of Commons, and however insignificant the revenue of the colony might. be in comparison with that of Great Britain, still it I was the duty of the House to look after the expenditure of it carefully. The speech of the hon. Colonial Treasurer was undoubtedly a very good one, and many gentlemen, both inside and out of the House, might desire time to look into it perhaps after carefully examining the financial minute, and after listening to the variety of topics which the speech embraced, some member might desire to propose a new tax, a property tax for instance. For his own part, he would cheerfully submit to a tax upon property, or to anything to free the country from the horrible tax upon drunkeness under which it laboured. (Hear, hear.) He was in favour of an adjournment. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL denied that the Government deserved the accusation which had been cast upon them by the hon. member for Sydney. He was of opinion that wherever discredit laid, it was at any rate not attributable to the Government. His hon. friend the Colonial Treasurer's speech was highly creditable to the Government. The hon. member for Northumberland was so long practised in the usages of the House that he could not plead, like the hon. member for Sydney, ignorance of its rules, for he must be conscious " that if the speech of his hon friend was to be answered, it should be answered before going into committee. It was optional to any hon. member to oppose the motion prior to its being in committee, for the Speaker had not put the question hurriedly, ex- i pecting a reply. If the hon. member for Durham had I been in the House, the motion would not have been permitted to pass without a debate. But there appears a great want of union on the opposite side of the House, and if the opposition was so dislocated, and the two hon. members were so unprepared to reply to the speech, it was no fault on the part of the Government. (Hear, hear.) But it would be trifling with the usages of the House to put the chairman in the chair and out again, because the two hon. members for Sydney had not got their speeches by heart and because they were aware that their speeches in committee would not be published in the newspapers (hear, hear, and laughter), they would sooner make their speeches now. (Great laughter.) The idea that the Government was under the control of the honorable and learned member for Cook and Westmoreland was very amusing, and reminded him of a cry which had formerly been raised in England, that the Whigs were under the control of Daniel O'Connell. (Laughter.) With regard to the honorable member for the Southern Boroughs, it would be impossible to charge him with combining with the Government, if they were permitted to judge by the course he generally adopted in the House. But, although that honorable member generally voted against the Government, no honorable member gave more satisfactory reasons for doing so. The Government did not wish to press on the estimates, and they were ready to adjourn ; but, according to the routine of business in the House, they ought to pass one or two items for nothing could be more discreditable to the House than to put the Chairman in the chair, and then to call upon him to leave the same, and report no progress. The hon. member for Northumberland could not plead ignorance of the practice of the House, and he was well aware when the opportunity was offered to reply to the speech of his hon. friend. They were all well aware that when hon. member for Northumberland was primed and loaded with a speech, he was very active to get an opportunity of discharging it, and he anxiously endeavoured to catch the eye of the Speaker. (Loud laughter.) But it was evident that on the present occasion the hon. member for Northumberland had not been prepared with a speech. Mr. JAMES MACARTHUR said that a new light had apparently broken in upon the hon, and learned member for Cumberland, who had given his opinion in favour of an income tax. No tax could be more iniquitous and obnoxious than such a tax. Mr. DARVALL requested leave to correct the hon. member for West Camden He was not in favour of an income tax, but he said that a time might come when it would be considered better to levy a direct tax upon property than upon the drunkenness and misery of the colony. Mr. JAMES MACARTHUR : Then it was a fact that the hon, and learned member for Cumberland would prefer an income tax to a tax upon drunkenness, but for his part he thought it a wise and politic course to make drunkenness pay for the immense expenditure which it entailed. With regard to the honorable and learned member's remark, that the gold revenue was only expected to pay a set of useless officials, he must have forgotten the necessity of providing police protection for life and property (Heat, hear), upon which consideration the Bill was brought up by the Select Committee. He agreed with the remark which had been made by previous speakers, that the proper time to dispute any portion of the estimates deemed objectionable was when in detail before the Committee, unless indeed the honorable member for Northumberland had come down to the House with another budget to displace the honorable Colonial Treasurer. (Great laughter.) But the honorable member could not come forward with any such measure. (Hear, hear,) And it was the best course to defer any objections until the estimates were brought, item after item before the House in Committee. The custom of debating a financial measure had been introduced into the House a few years ago, by the then hon. member for Sydney, Mr. LeAve. But' that gentleman's object was solely to test the views of the new members, as a general election had just taken place. Now he might have views of his own upon particular portions of the estimates, and he felt sure that he would have ample opportunity to express these views when the items were before the House. As regarded the object of one or two members who were so desirous of having a debate upon the whole question, because their speeches in Committee would be curtailed in the newspaper reports, he was sure the reporters in the gallery were very glad of it, (hear and laughter), and the people up the country were not pleased to read very long speeches in very small type. (Great laughter But if the honorable member for Sydney, (Mr. Parkes) desired to have all his speeches reported, he could on each occasion of dividing the House on each item, as he had intimated his intention of doing, make a speech of three, four, or five columns, which would doubtless the reported. (Great laughter.) He hoped the House would not stultify itself by members turning their backs upon the Chairman and they would stultify themselves if they called upon the Chairman to quit the chair and report no progress. If any honorable member thought there ought to have been an adjourned debate upon the financial minute, he should have moved the adjournment before the House resolved itself into Committee. (Hear, hear.) I The SOLICITOR-GENERAL repelled the assertion that the course pursued by the Government, in reference to the unexpected result of the debate, was a tributable to the Government. On the contrary, he maintained that it was the act of the House, for no motion could have been put more slowly or more deliberately than this and if hon. members did not choose to take advantage of the pause to reply to the hon, the Colonial Treasurer, it was certainly no fault of the Government. He would not disguise the fact that the turn which this debate had taken had surprised him as much, perhaps, as any hon. member. He did expect that there would have been discussion, although he confessed he was not one of those who placed a very great value on the lengthy discussions which frequently took place in that House. At the same time, he regretted that the debate had not gone on, as he was anxious that any hon. member who conscientiously believed that he could throw light upon the subject, should have every opportunity of expressing his opinion. As the case stood at present, however, he could not agree to the course proposed by the hon. member for Northumberland, as he believed that the adoption of such a course would be a deliberate departure from the ordinary usages of the House-a departure, moreover, which could result in no real good, whilst it would certainly look most undignified on the part of honorable members. The charge of the hon. member for Sydney with respect to the influence under which, it was supposed, the Government acted, was altogether too paltry to be worthy of notice. He (the hon, member) had given utterance to it more in anger than in reason, and she would regret it in his cooler moments. Mr. FLOOD replied to the arguments of the honorable member for Cook, and asserted that the honorable member would not have acted as he had done, had Mr. Wentworth been in the House. The hon, and learned Attorney-General had said, and no doubt very justly, that if the hon. member for Durham had been in the House the speech of the Colonial Treasurer would not have been allowed to pass without a reply. But knowing, as many hon. members in the House did, that the absence of the hon. member for Durham was occasioned through illness, he thought it was only another reason why the hon. the Colonial Secretary, instead of being desirous of pressing this matter on the attention of the House, should have been most anxious to postpone it for the present. (The hon. member then proceeded to relate a conversation which had taken place privately, when he was interrupted by Mr. Darvall, who rose to order, and contended that it was unparliamentary to retail private conversations of any kind. The hon. member said he had no desire to infringe the rules of the House, and proceeded to repudiate the charge that he and those who were with him were actuated by any factious or improper actions. He thought there were several points in the address of the hon. the Colonial Treasurer which richly merited a reply. There was one paragraph in particular which ought not to go unnoticed ; he alluded to the paragraph in which the hon. gentleman had ventured to congratulate the House on the large increase of revenue from that which was the source of all our intemperance and the most of our crime. In the absence of the hon. member for Durham, he did not think there was one hon. member in the House sufficiently acquainted with matters connected with the budget to be able to reply to the hon. the Colonial Treasurer, and such being the case, he hoped the House would adjourn the further consideration of the estimates for at least a week. He felt, however, that the debate could not be resumed, and that the only advantage to be derived from an adjournment would be the giving of additional time for considering the details of the estimates, and also the affording to other hon. members an opportunity of being present, The CHAIRMAN here took occasion to point out that the terms of the amendment should be to report progress, and not to report no progress, as had been proposed. According to Parliamentary usage a discussion was considered to be progress, even although no other business may have been done. Mr. PARKES explained that when he accused the Government of acting discreditably it was not in reference to their first act in this matter, but solely with reference to the attempts of hon. members opposite to press the consideration of the estimates on the House after they plainly saw that it was the wish of many hon. members on his side of the House that the whole question should be adjourned in order to give hon. members an opportunity of speaking on it. He did not see any inconvenience which could result from the debating of an important public question of this kind, and as they had the authority of Parliament for debates of this kind, he was at a loss to perceive what valid reason hon. members opposite could have for desiring to reject the amendment. The COLONIAL TREASURER had not the slightest objection to have the whole matter discussed, provided the discussion took place at the proper time, but now that the question had been disposed of and the House had got into Committee, he thought it would be extremely inconvenient and undignified to resume for the purpose merely of opening up a discussion. Mr. ALLEN did not see that honorable members opposite had any cause for complaint with regard to the conduct of the Government in this matter. It was open to any hon. member to have got up and replied immediately after the speech of the hon. the Colonial Treasurer, which was certainly the only regular mode by which a debate could take place. The non-adoption of this course was the fault of hon. members themselves, and it was unfair to attempt to throw the blame on the Government. Under all the evil cumstances, HOwever, he was of opinion that an adjournment for a few days might be very justly acceded to. The amendment was then put, and lost on the following division: Ayes, 12. Noes, 10, Mr. Chisholm Mr. Holden Mr. Marsh Mr. Murray Mr. Darvall The Colonial Secretary Mr. Oakes Mr. A. Osborne Mr. Campbell Mr. Holroyd Mr. Allen Mr. J. Macarthur Mr. Smart Chief Commissioner of Crown Mr. Bligh Lands Mr. Parkes Captain King Mr. Flood The Inspector-General of Police Mr. G. Bowman ) morE". Dr. Douglass jT8'10T Mr. Biram Mr. Morris The Postmaster-General Mr. W. Macarthur The Attorney-General The Solicitor-General the Auditor-General The Colonial Treasurer Mr. Martin ) from"" Mr. Park J TeUcrB Mr. FLOOD hoped that the original motion would not be pressed that evening, as there were many hon. members absent, who had they been certain the estimates were to be considered that night would have made a point of attending. Mr. MARTIN rose to order The House by the re- jection of the amendment had already pledged itself to go on with the consideration of the Estimates. He concluded by requesting that the items should be put seriatim. The AUDITOR-GENERAL there proceeded to move that the sum of £30 8s. 4d. be granted as an increase of pay to the sergeant in the Governor-General's establishment, the rate of increase being from 2s. 4d. to 4s. per diem. It was not, he said, the intention of the government to dispose of more than one item that evening. Mr. CAMPBELL opposed the increase of pay on the ground that it was for the support of the military, and therefore for Imperial purposes. He contended that the military ought not to be paid out of the colonial funds, until we got the entire management of those funds entrusted to us. The AUDITOR-GENERAL explained that this vote was not for a military but for a civil purpose, and one of a strictly colonial character, inasmuch as the sergeant alluded to was employed on the establishment of the Governor-General. Mr. FLOOD also opposed the motion for the reasons he had already stated. He moved, in conclusion, That the Chairman do now leave the chair, report progress, and ask leave to sit again, on Wednesday next. Mr. PARKES was quite at a loss to know what motive the Government could have in desiring to press this particular item at this particular time, unless indeed they desired to commit the House to some principle before hon. members had time to consider it. It must not be forgotten that this vote, though paltry in amount, contained a very important principle-a principle of increase, which ran through the whole of the Estimates. After some remarks, from the AUDITOR-GENERAL the amendment was put and negatived by a majority of 15 to 8 ; the members in this division voting in much the same manner as in the previous one. Mr. PARKES then moved that the vote be postponed until Wednesday next. Mr. CAMPBELL supported the amendment, which, however, was negatived by a majority of 15 to 8, as in the last division. Mr. CAMPBELL next moved that the item be reduced by the sum of £15 8s. 4d., and spoke at great length, amidst loud and frequent cries of " order, and " question," in favour of deferring the further consideration of the Estimates until Wednesday next. It was ultimately explained that a portion of the sum had already been granted, and that it would not be competent to put the last amendment in the present shape. Mr. PARKES said he would advise his hon. colleague to withdraw the amendment, but at the same time it was his (Mr. Parkes) intention to divide the House on the original motion. Mr. CAMPBELL withdrew his amendment accordingly, and the original motion having been put, it was carried by a majority of 17 to 7, the minority being Messrs. Parkes, Oakes, Flood, Campbell, Bligh, Morris, and G. Bowman. The Chairman then left the chair, reported progress, and obtained leave to sit again on Wednesday next. LEAVE OF ABSENCE. On the motion of Mr. HOLROYD, leave of absence was granted to Mr. Thurlow for one week. GOLD FIELDS' MANAGEMENT BILL. Mr. CAMPBELL suggested that the adoption of the report on the Gold Fields' Management Bill, from a committee of the whole House, should be postponed until the item on the estimates in reference to that subject came under consideration. After some conversation, the motion for the adop- tion of the report, at the instance of the Attorney-General, was postponed until Thursday next. VOLUNTEER AND YEOMANRY CORPS BILL. The Volunteer and Yeomanry Corps Bill was read a third time and passed. PAWNBROKERS PETITION. Mr. PARKES rose, in the absence of Mr. Nichols, to postpone the motion inreferenceto the Pawnbroker's petition, standing in the name of that hon. member, but was precluded from doing so in consequence of the rules of the House requiring that he should first have the permission of the member to do so. MORETON BAY PETITION. Mr. PARKES requested permission to postpone his motion, that the Standing Orders relating to the introduction of Private Bills be suspended, with a view to the presentation of a petition from thirty residents in the district of Moreton Bay, praying the House to pass a Bill to incorporate "The Moreton Bay Immigration and Land Company." Postponed until to-morrow. ABSENT DEFENDANTS BILL. The second reading of the Absent Defendants Bill was postponed, on the motion of the ATTORNEY GENERAL, until to-morrow (this day). The House adjourned at twenty minutes past 7 p.m., until 3 o'clock to-morrow. 