ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. (ADVERTISBMENT.) Per favour of the Banner. Collingwood, 3rd April. I am, Sir, yours, To serve in the Gospel of Christ, JOHN JOSEPH MOURITZ. To the Secretary of the Anti.State Aid Society, &c.;, &c.; [All Letters addressed to tbo Editor must have the real nemo and address of tho Writers apdoudcd, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee for tbo truth of their contents, and tho respectabilliy of the Correspondents.} SIR—In compliance with your request, I laid the Memorial to the Queen before the parties meeting for worship in my house, but as you may perceive without obtaining a single name, although we are all opposed to Stato aid to, or Stato interference with, tho things of God, or the religion of Christ. But with us this a principle. Tho Kingdom of Christ is not of this world (John xviii. 36.) Tnxs world being under tho control of Satan (Eph. ii. 2., Col. i. 13., 1. John v.’19,) and tho Kingdom of this world not having yet become tho Kingdom of our God and of his Christ (Rev. xi. 15 ) they aro consequently possessed by that old Sorpont tho Devil, or tho Beast, to whom ho gave his dragon seat and authority (Rev. xii. 9., xiii. 1. 2.), ho also leading them on by deceit (Rev. xx. 3. Thing a being, as wo perceive, in this position, wo cannot recognise any right or authority in tho subjects of tho “Prince of this world*'(Luko iv. 5, 6, John xiv., 30) to legislate for, or in any way interfere with, the Kingdom of God. Therefore cannot legi timately request them to do or undo what we believe thoy have, in righteousness, neither the ability nor authority to execute-. State-interference may affect sectarianism, from old Paganism tho Inst movement, in tho hearts of his dupes by the Arch-Deceiver, of latest manifesta tion ; but can neither advance nor retard tbo King dom of God, viz.: “ Christianitythat being implanted by God, sustained by God, and wrought by God to fulness, in which operations ho makes evon Satan himself, as well as his subordinates, sub servient; so that I feel quite easy about tho matter and find all I have to do in it is to preach tho Gospe and love the Gospel—that being tho only weapon put into my hand by tho captain of my salvation wherewith to make onslaught.on the Devil and his kingdom, may I bo found, and without anxiety leave all other matters to Him. I find you attach tho term “Rev.” to mynamo ; however, not being one of “the Clergy," bucsimply a New Testament pastor, chosen by my brethren i n Christ to net toward and for them in that capacity, I have no claim or no right to such an appendage to my name. Furthermore, as I cstoom all such roll* gious titles to bo a mark, if not the mark, of tho Beast (via Laws of tho Empiro); and as I am not in any manner or for a worshipper of the Bonst or his image, I must protest against his brand being put upon me. My God, the Father, tho Son, and tho Holy Ghost, nlono, do I esteem and stylo Reverend" In name, In character, and in nature (Psa. o. xi. 9); and tho assumption of any such religious titles by tho creature I beliovo to bo a direct broach of a positive precept, aoo Mat. xxiii 8—10, and other corresponding texts. Neither do I find in my Now Testament such titles. In vain would I look therein to find tho words “ Tho Most Rev. Futhcr in God, James Zobedy, D.D. His Grace the Lord Archbishop of Jerusalem and Lord Primate of all Palestine“ Tho Rov. Saulus Paulua, D,D. ( Dean of Antioch;" “Tho Rot, Matthew Levy, A.M.," Ac., Ao. But I do find therein that tbo New Testament officials in all cases acted with true courtesy, urbanity, and philan thropy, so as to become all things to nil men, so that by all moans they might save some ; yot I do not find them anxious to figure as oestlemes op inis world ! No, they eschewed it; nor would they receive any of its distincctiro names or titles, as designotivo of their official standing ! No, it vra 8 plain Peter, Paul, John, or James, and I would bo found walking in their footsteps. You must pardon my plainness of speech in tho above, as these matters with mo are subjects of con. scionoo. 