BIBLE-RELTGION IN CHINA. *£ he Times of the 20th of September, pub lishes a paper in connexion with the Chinese insurrection, which proves to the satisfaction of the most ignorant and benighted Pro testant, that the Bible may not be inter preted as each individual fancies, if his pur pose is to arrive at its true meaning. 'It. is a document,' says that journal, ' of. great importance, for its authenticity may be relied upon, and it will be found, when properly appreciated, to offer a very striking insight into the present religious persuasions of the insurgent Chinese. It is. in this' peculiar respect that the rebellion has been regarded with such unusual interest in this country.' The Times discusses the- subject with tolera ble fairness, and states its opinion that the results of Bible reading in China are damna tory of the doctrine of private interpretation, ? while at the same time they, establish the truth as well as the necessity of the more ancient and rational doctrine of authorised teachers of Holy Writ. ' It seems,' says the Times, u that among the Princes' of the Pretender's Court, one styled the Eastern Prince professes or is con sidered to receive Divine inspiration, and in deed it is represented either figuratively or as literal truth, that the Divinity descends ? from Heaven to announce his will, either directly or through such, medium to the Chinese people. The narrative accordingly purports to detail the revelations so made;' and sets forth a visit of ' the Heavenly Father' in person,- together with an elabo rate' communication which the Eastern Prince was commissioned to deliver in the Divine name to the Celestial King, i. e., the Pretender himself. The commands thus conveyed have reference, not to any doctri rial propositions or any lofty precepts of mo rality, but to the general administration of the Government, the management of the Court, and' even the regulation of its ceremo nial. The officers of the Court, and especially the female' officers, are to be treated with' more indulgence and consideration; the King is to be Jess hasty and impetuous, to inflict punishment in moderation and upon reasonable grounds only, to be thoughtful in his actions, and to give his attendants less occasion1' to stand in awe of him. la parti cular li'e'is enjoined to be cautious in visiting offences with death, and is recommended to , adopt such a method of proceeding in capital cases as would leave room for. investigation sind pardon. Sychjire the precepts for which the immediate authority of the Divinity is claimed, and which are announced in all the awful phraseology of Revelation itself. As a climax, the Celestial King is represented as ascribing to the Eastern Prince, in consi deration of these communications, the mis sion and title of the Comforter, even the 'Holy Ghost, and this designation we are told has been assumed accordingly. ' The first impression upon the reader '« mind will naturally be that of overwhelming disgust at the blasphemous parody thus enacted, and many persons will conclude perhaps that the Gospel in China is little more than a shocking mockery of sacred things and names. We are not, however, without an opinion that such a view of the case might be both unjust and unwarranted. That the Chinese have imbibed anything like the spirit of true Christianity it is im possible to believe, but we do not know that their errors are worse than were to be anti- 1 cipated from what appears to have been a total absence of instructors. How, when, or where Christianity in any shape became dif fused among this singular people has1 always been a mystery, but the result seems to have been accomplished, probably because preach ing was impracticable, through the agency of tracts, books, or pictures alone, and the consequence does certainly appear in some measure to justify the views of those who assert that Bibles without teachers cannot be expected to make Christians. The Chinese seem to have learnt the language, the chief tenets, and the leading doctrines of Christianity, and then to have moulded these j materials into such a form as their own un aided instincts suggested. They have re tained their own notions of the Divinity arid . Kingship, and have applied to these old j traditions, phraseology — and forms — derived from the Holy Scriptures.' ! . Here is a dreadful result of the exercise of. individual judgment upon the meaning of, the Sacred Volume. Can 'any Protestant j now be so insane as to continue the exporta- j tion to China of that mystic Word, already so blasphemously abused in it, and attended -with such shameful consequences as must be dishonourable to all Christians and to the God of Christians. It is true that heresy of every kind has proceeded from resistance to the voice of the Church, but it has been reserved for these latter times for the dogma of Pri vate Judgment to develop itself in some of the most abominable and . revolting heresies with which mankind have ever been cursed. It produced Mormonism, which for its im morality cannot properly be tolerated in a Christian country ; it has now given birth to a Chinese sort of Protestantism, the leader of which, the Eastern Prince, is thought by his stupid disciples to converse with the Almighty himself, who, with blasphemous audacity aspires eveivto the dignity and title of the Holy Ghost ! We trust the Protestant party will give their attention to this subject, and ponder well upon the absurd. and danger ous principle from which, the doctrine of Private Judgment takes its rise. 