DYAK SUPERSTITIONS. I (From Letters by the Rev. W. Chambers.) I Dyak Traditions. - There are many varia- tions in the accounts which the Dyaks of the Sakarran and Batang Lupar rivers give of the nature and office of the gods, and of the origin and early history of mankind. Neither do all the parts of the story, as usually told by one person, make a very consistent whole. The following accounts of each of these subjects were taken from the mouths of Dyaks of reputation among their countrymen for knowledge of their traditions. The narratives were, in both cases, delivered in the presence of others, who corroborated their words. Creation of the Word In the beginning existed in solitude Rajah Gantallah. Possessed of a soul, with organs for hearing, seeing, and speaking, but without other limbs or members, he lay reclined on a lumber (bull). He originated two birds-the male named Burong Are, the female Burong Irik. Afterwards Gantallah was not directly producer of any creature, his will taking effect through the instrumentality of these birds. They dwelt on the lumber ; above, beneath, and around which was a void neither earth, nor sky, nor water. Whilst dwelling upon it, they created first the sky, then the earth, and afterwards the Batang Lupar, which was the first of waters, and the mother of rivers. Leaving the Tambo they now flew around sky and earth, to discover which were the greater. Finding that the size of the earth considerably exceeded that of the sky, which was at this time within a few paces of the earth, they collected the earth together with their feet and heaped it into mountains. Having completed this work, they attempted to create mankind. For this end they made the trees, and tried to him these into men, but without, success. They then made the rocks for the same object : these they succeeded in framing into the human shape, in all respects; but the figure was destitute of "the power of speech. They now took of the earth which they had made, and by the aid of water moulded it into a man, infusing into his veins the gum of the kampong tree, which is of a red colour. They called to the man ; he answered. They cut at him blood flowed from the wounds. As the day became hot, sweat oozed through his skin. They gave to him the name of Tanah Kumpok, ». e., moulded earth. In process of time, Tanah Kumpok produced a female child, Puchong Kumpot. She brought forth Batu Sangn, likewise a female, who in turn conceived Si Bagindi. . She it was who made the courses and mouths of rivers. Wherever were high mountains, she made courses from thence to the sea, in order that the waters might flow thither, and not flood the ground. On this account, wherever are mountains, there likewise are found the heads of rivers. She conceived Si Gardam, who made the succession of day and night for hitherto it had been always day, with no change to mark the season for sleep. Si Gindam brought forth Si Bungkok, who first made profits, together with their masts and sails in these she sailed hither and thither. She was the mother of Tindit. Hitherto the sky had been so nigh to the earth, that one might reach it with the hand. Tindit raised it to its present height. She conceived Bujak, amale. Ha begot April Bunsu, who married Deiong Brenner. From their offspring proceeded the Malayan race. After the birth of Anit Bunsu, Bujak further begot Aum, who was the father of Naggiar, who was the father of Umbar, the father of Mudan. This latter married Leung, and is the father of the Dyak race, as is known to all Dyaks. A Deluge There was a woman, who longed for the fruit of the ' assam patch.' She ordered her husband to procure it. He went into the jungle for the purpose ; but when he arrived at the assam tree, he found it enfolded by a dragon. He returned to his wife, and informed her of the cause of his bringing back none of the fruit. She went herself, and asked the dragon, who uncoiled himself that she might approach the tree. For two or three succeeding days she thus came and ate of the fruit. Soon after a child was born to her and a few days afterwards, she went to bathe in the Sakarran, taking her child with her. The spot is called to this day, 4 The Dragon's Bight.' Having laid her child on the bank, she entered the. water. The dragon approached and seized the child. She ran screaming to her house and aroused her neighbours. They set forth to over- take the dragon. After having found in succession seven young dragons, they discovered the lost child dead. They killed the young dragons and took them to their homes, where they prepared to cook them. In one of the pans filled with their flesh, when the water boiled the boiling made the following intelligible sounds : ' Gurok gurok, drowned by the rights. Gurok gurok, drowned be the headlands. ' Gurit girls, drowned be the hills. Hereupon followed a storm of rain, with thunder, which continued for three days and three nights. During this, the waters rose until they overwhelmed all beneath the sky, excepting some of the mountain tops. To these a few beasts of each kind escaped, and thus survived the flood. The greater portion of mankind was drowned ; some, however, fled to the mountains, and others were saved in ships. The former became Dyaks, the latter Malays. The Disk Deities The eldest and highest of gods is Brikkunghau. His dwelling place is in the waters. To him all birds, men, and gods are subject. He is ordinarily known by the title of Rajah Boys, are. King of Alii gators. Next in order is Singallong-Burong, who dwells at Panjong-Sanang-Sinjong in the heavens. After him follows Kling. To these three the name Batara is confined. They form the same Batara. But by that name in ordinary use is meant this Kling, the especial ruler of birds and men. It is he who helps us all. HQ is believed to haunt the hill tops. His especial country lies near to the brave, wherever they be and it is visited by them, perhaps by three out of ten thousand Dyaks. It £3 Dreamland. It is when men sleep in the woods, that they may chance in their dreams to meet with Kling. If on awaking they should speak of having done so, they immediately die or become mad. If they are silent on the subject, great good for tune follows them in consequence of this meeting; they become brave, rich, and powerful, Gissing and Bulan, of the Sakarran chiefs, and Rashtriya and Itabbong, of the Kanowna, have met with Kling. Notthat themselves have mentioned it but this is the universal belief, in consequence of their career. It' is not known who made the earth, sun, or stars. All trees fruits, and so forth, are the productions of Demongpcnuliong. He is not Batara himself, but is a follower of the before mentioned Singallong-Burong. Slumpandei is the creator of men. Pular.g-ganah causes the growth of paddy, and gives it its increase. He is an independent king. The other kings named by us ' hands,' or spirits but not the ghosts of men are not called Batara, but are obedient to him. In these two statements is an evident contradiction in the application of the term Batara, from avatars a name adopted from the Hindu system, and applied to various mythological pet sonages." (Marsden). A Malay Seriff, dissuading from the use of it to express the word God in their language, declares that the Dyaks apply it to famous, birds of omen and charms, as the spittle of white men when strangers, and so forth. Perhaps the remark of a Dyak chief, who had been present on the previous evening during the narrative of Linggi, may throw some light on the use of the term. He said,-' There is but one Being who truly owns the name Batara; others are called by it, since they are the eyes, the viceroys, or ministers of Him."' Borneo,-" All which is known of the interior is from the accounts of the natives them, selves. They say that there are beautiful lakes lying amongst the mountains, and that the inhabitants are so numerous, that a man may walk across the country, and sleep in a fresh village every night. Perhaps you will wonder why no European has yet tried to do this and so used to do, that I knew how impassable a new country is. If you ascend a high hill, from which you can see for many miles round, a great massofforest stretches itself below your feet. The tops of the trees, growing close together, make one flat green mass without a break, except where the rivers, like silver threads, wind their way among the trees and on their banks you may spy, here and there, clusters of huts, or blue smoke curling up in the air, which marks a human dwelling. The Dyaks, or inhabitants of the country, do indeed make a way through the jungle, from one village to another, by laying down trunks of small trees, and clearing away the boughs on either side of this path ; but it is very difficult walking for any but native feet. The poles, which they lay down, are round and slippery ; the path, thus made, is not more than a foot wide, and often there are gaps, so that it requires a succession of jumps from one pole to another, rather than a steady pace; and, if you miss your footing, you are very likely to go plump up to your waist in the swampy ground on either side. The Dyaks are so used to it, that they carry great weights over these slippery paths without difficulty." Letters by Mrs. McDougall. Lecture by a Soldier A very instructive and amusing lecture was delivered on Tuesday evening, at the National School Room, Cuckfield, by Mr. F. B. I Cosgrove, one of the Connaught Rangers. The subject chosen was the " Unity of the Human Race, which Mr. Cosgrove treated in a very able manner. He explained the diversity of the human family, and accompanied his explanation by illustrations prepared by himself, showing the authenticity and truth of the Mosaic history of the creation of man, as contained in the Bible, and ascribed the distinction as regards colour and form to climatic influence. The lecture was well received by a most excellent audience, and the speaker's animated style and familiar illustrations were highly appreciated. The powerful memory and self-taught learning obtained by Mr. Cosgrove are striking, and his comprehensive view of the subjects that arose in the course of his address, show the effects of profound study on a mind capable of embracing and turning to account abstruse as well as simple ideas. Sussex Express, Birmingham The progress of Birmingham is population and extent, within the last fifty years, has few parallels, even in the new world. Within the last half century the town has almost tripled in magnitude j and every year seems to increase its power of expansion, and the energy of the community. During the first forty years of the century, the average increase was 000 houses, with about 3000 of population per annum for the ten years ending 1854, the increase of houses was about 890 every year, with an annual augmentation of the population of nearly 5000. The last two years, however, exhibit results of a far more extraordinary and gratifying character. For fifteen months ending March last year, the increase in houses was 3020, equivalent to an augmented population of nearly 10,000 persons in this brief space of time. This expansion of the town is still going on. The borough is increasing at the rate of nearly 14,000 persons a-year. This is exclusive of the multitudes of buildings springing upon every side in the suburbs The carriers in this district have come to the determination of not sending out their vans and waggons after six on Saturday evenings and eight on other evenings. It is intended to get up a memorial in favour of the h half-day holiday. In other large manufacturing towns the matter has been tried and found to work well During the last few weeks we have been favoured with numerous enquiries respect- ing the proposed meeting on the all-absorbing question of the day, and we are bound to confess that we are profoundly ignorant of the status quo of the affair. We believe, however, that as municipal etiquette does not admit of a town's meeting in the evening, the idea was abandoned.-Birmingham Journal. The Moiimonitks.-No less than 300 of the Latter Day Saints have just taken their, departure from the town and neighbourhood of Merthyr, South Wales, for the Salt Lake, under the direction of a leader known in Merthyr as a' Will Phylip." He has taken with him his wife and daughter, the latter married to an "apostle." Both of them, not being overburdened with faith, were most unwilling to leave home. "Will Phylip is succeeded at Merthyr by Captain Jones, who some time since returned from the " holy land," after leaving there a large number of the faithful of "Merthyr. It need scarcely be remarked that the state of education of the emigration saints is, generally is taking, of a very low character. Times At Bailahuylish, a cottager happening to die when the severe weather rendered it difficult to proceed to the usual cemetery, some time elapsed before the ceremony could be performed at length Donald was properly buried, and the minister returned to me dwelling of the widow for refreshment, accompanied, as is customary, by the neighbours. He reproved the widow on her excessive manifestations of grief and unreasonable lamentations. " Oh, Donald, Donald .-" by this time, to be sure, the dear departed is in Jicci Jesus's bosom." "Beelzebub bosom,' exclaimed the minister; "It is Abraham's bosom you mean"; He yo sat see lang under his ministry, and no Mine difference between Beelzebub and Abraham ? is" mc, wakes me," rejoined she widow, " I'm a par ign - rant creature. Beelzebub and Abraham, Abrahams and Beelzebub ¡ a declare that in spite of aw JJ teaching, a' wadna ken the ano free the Atherton table were baith standing afore me A" Jordan I am " biography 