' dFamotU germans THE REV. MR. MEDLAND'S FAREWELL SERMON AT ST. GEORGE'S CHURCH. ON Sunday evening last the Rev. Mr. Medland preached a farewell sermon at St. George's Church, Battery Point, on occasion of his leaving this colony for Williams' Town, Victoria, where, wo.unileratniid, the rev. gentleman is about to occupy an important sphere of ministerial labor. The service commenced at seven o'clock, but long before the church doors were opened, crowds of persons were waiting for admission, and a few minutes only elapsed, before the spacious building became densely thronged. Those who could not find pows, being accommodated with seats in the aisles. Prayers having been read by the Rev. Dr. Fry , (incumbent of St. George's) in an impressive manner, the Rev. Mr. Medland ascended the pulpit, the text was Philippians chap. I. verse 27-" Only let your conversation be as it becometh the gospel of Christ that whether I come and see you, or else be absent; I may hear of your affairs, that ye stand fast in one spirit, with one mind striving together for the faith of the gospel' In introducing the subject, the preacher referred to Paul's parting words and farewell exhorta- tions, as indicative of his concern for the best interests of the different churches to which he »iniitarad,'orí to whoiatyrfaddressed hb*ptstl«, Mh as the- lcol^M.'^f.Ôorinlhlan;. Pbllipl friday regard showing the Apostles Intense resting on the occasion of jbHlngjseveredffrdm those he loved" praise who loved his.'' Nor was' the apostle Paul singular, in these expressions, for the apostle John also used similar en. deering language to his converts, and Christian flocks. How best, he enquired, could they most profitably employ that, their parting season ? He trusted the members of the congregation usually assembling In that church would bear with him, if he more particularly addressed him. self to the members of the church which was once happily united, but was now scattered, and who had assembled on the present occasion for, perhaps, the last time. For nearly six years, he had spoken to them the gospel of Christ, and it was a matter of no small comfort to his mind that during that time, he had ever endeavoured to " know nothing among them, but Jesus Christ and Him crucified" in discoursing upon the text he proposed to notice the " Gospel of Christ, according to which the apostle was desirous they should regulate their conversation-, the gospel of reconciliation, and reminded them, (after glancing at numerous points under this general head that with much prayer, and anxious , solicitude he had, in the fear of God. endeavoured to preach this gospel during his ministry amongst them. In urging the exhortation of the text. " Only let your conversation be as becometh the gospel of Christ," Ac. he said there was great need for it at a time, especially, when the state of piety among Christians the Church of England, in this community, was low and feeble and when some in the position of even shepherds were doing much to lower the tone of piety, and to put aside the difference that existed, and ought to exist between the people of God and the world. He spoke of the daily lives, and nightly practices of many of those who called themselves christians. While as followers of the gospel they should come out from the world, and be separate, they were encouraging scenes of dissipation and folly, which were unhappily, being increased, and vice was holding up its head unconcealed and unblushing. Amusements, such as the dance, the bull, the theatre, were very much frequented and the consequence was that young persons were easily ensnared, and the cannons and instructions of God's ministers became almost useless If the venerable and holy Paul could we sees the levity, the frivolity, and the godless pleasure in which people indulged, while the men of the world looked on and laughed at such religion; he (Pain) would weep and lament over those, who, while bearing the Christian name, were indulging in these things, as the enemies of the cross of Christ. If he (Mr. Medland) addressed any young persons who had once been serious and thoughtful, but who had been caught in the snare, and led away, to such he would say in the language of the apostle " only let your conversation be as becometh the gospel of Christ's Do so by separation from the world, by prayer, scripture reading, watch fulness and humility, considering Jesus, who was the great apostle and high priest of our profession. Some might feel surprise that he should speak like this but it was the last opportunity he might have of addressing them, and he wished to impress these things in their minds, and bear his last testimony against the worldly spirit of the times, as exhibited among the young, the middle aged, and even on the part of some who ought to be examples to their flock ; who had the form-yes, they had the form of Godliness but were strangers to its power. In taking far well, he referred to the blessed and profitable seasons spent at the Penitentiary Church, and to the refreshing inter- course of minister and people at the throne of grace, and at those holiest and richest seasons they had experienced in partaking the memorials of the Redeemer's passion. For himself, some of the sweetest and most solemn occasions in his life had been passed while engaged with them. There had been times when the power of the Lord was present to heal and bless them; and when the attention and solemnity of the congregation at the means of grace, wore direct evidences to his own mind that the word was not preached in vain. He had known of not a few conversions, of whom a few had fallen, and others had departed this life in the Lord j. Others continued strong in the faith; others were still learners, feeding on the word and enjoying that state of mind which resulted from a sense of the pardon of sin. Such was the position of the congregation (perhaps never more numerous when they were deprived of the opportunity of assembling together; and he spoke not of the manner in which they had been so deprived. They knew it well, and those who had done them this wrong must themselves give an account of the deed to God. And now they were part- ingot was undesired by himself, and occasioned him much regret. He (Mr. Medland) came here, not with the intention of leaving, but with the earnest desire to do what good he could ; but it appeared to be ordered otherwise. He believed (and was thankful to say so that he had the good-will of many ; not a few had offered prayer and application that he might have been permitted to continue to labour in this city. But they must wait ; the Lord can restrain the wrath of man, and he taketh the wise in their own craftiness. He would, however, say a few words on that struggle which had been going on for the last few years, and in which many of them had taken a part He (Mr. Medland) had done what he could ; but bit chief aim had been to preach the great features of the gospel of the grace of God, the truths for which their forefathers bled and where these were made prominent he believed the errors of the times would not have such an effect on the mind, and persons who gave heed to these would not be liable to be blown about by every wind of doctrine, or to be led away by the names of great and notable men and parsons of high authority. There were certain corner stones in the church, which must be maintained, these were the truths of the gospel and for himself, he rejoiced that he had been counted worthy to suffer for the gospel in endeavouring to maintain them. There were many who were talking about the church, they lamented its state; and be (Mr Medland) lamented with them ; but they went further; they were for peace He was not for peace at the expense of principle: when the cardinal doctrine of justifi-' cation by faith was impugned ; when the right of private Judgment was denied and they were told to .? Hear the Church," which was fallible, and that they must not judge for themselves, would they have peace when the simplicity of the gospel was corrupted, and bare forms exalted? Forms were increased, and spiritual worship diminished, and would have been more so, had no resistance been offered. But the kingdom he preached consisted not in mere form, or in meats or drinks, but in " righteousness,'*^ peace and joy in the Holy Ghost. He had no s sympathy with those who would have peace in drowsiness, and gave way to slumber. There could be no peace for protestants while the foundations were in danger ; the errors of the time were very subtile, and would lead them to fold their arms in case. They were the best means ever invented to reconcile God and Mammon while men spoke well of such, the offence of the cross would not trouble them. Under the influence of these errors, the spirit of the gospel disappeared and barrenness ensued. To those who would justify themselves, he would say in the language of the text " stand fast, in one spirit, with one mind striving together for the faith of the gospel " Stand fast I For popery was active, and her wiles, artifices, and canning, worthy of the cause. The High Church partisans-Tracts, rians - were exerting an influence; and many who did not favour their views, offered but a feeble resistance. There were more, indifferent, and some were caught by fair words, but a few were firm. He would say " Stand fast" in our blessed church. She had been a keeper of holy writ, and, (with all deference to other denomina- tions), he knew of no more enlightened and pious men than the true members of the Church of England. All had their peculiar likings, associations and attachments ; but while others differ ed, let them stand fast in the church of their birth their country, and their choice. He would reite- rate the Apostle's warm, and earnest desire, that " Whether he came and saw them, or else were absent the might hear of their affairs that they stood fast." Let him depart with the hope of?' a . so that the (ro*riéiarth';'t*Kidïofcn Downs might produce much good fre.e HowAjMdanlmt. it would be to hear of any proving ta{*au-natJo the minister, Miss were slight ntatterJ-but4o the -' Lord, who gave the word and ordained the ^ preachers thereof And now, again, farewell I And they would allow him to thank them for the various proofs of their affection and esteem and for the many good wishes and efforts for his con| \- tinuance among them He had done what he could for their spiritual welfare He had done so under frowns displeasure, and reproof from those who ought to have encouraged him He had done so, he was aware, with feeble j ness and Ittiperfeotlon j but let tin in praise God 'if any souls had been converted, any wanderers reclaimed, any believers esta tablished and stimulated to strive together for the faith of the gospel Many thanks to them all I He would especially remember the recent acts of kindness he had experienced from the young men's class the teachers of the Sunday school, and the members of families Their books, their presents and their words would, he trusted, remain with him and his and be a pleasure and comfort. And now to the late room bars of his congregation, to any and all may the Lord be with you and may He bless you See to it that you be true members of the church of the living God, watch and pray. The loving of the Lord is nigh Hold fast to the gospel, and then your path will be clear open and safe, and you will ultimately reach the regions of everlasting days There, minister and people will rejoice together, and there may you prove our joy and crown. .' Only let your conversation be as it becometh the gospel of Christ, that whether I come and see you, or else be absent, 1 may hear of your affairs, that ye stand fast in one spirit, with one mind striving together for the faith of the gospel '' Arnon. The reverend gentleman (who was considerably affected throughout his discourse) concluded with an appropriate and for the most part ex- tempore prayer. 