THB WAR IN ARIA. (From CorretPondenf of the Morning ll er aid.) y' TBCBUOMDE, ADOVST SO. The routes from Rboi to Erzeroum aro !. always infested with Kurdos and Basin* Buzouks, and tlio caravans which como ; from Persia do not login the journoy ? until they find themselves numerous enough to resist the attachs af these nm lofuctors. Thus wo learn from tho courier of Erzeroum that a caravan of nearly 2300 horses (and which necessitates a company of at least 250 to 280 mon), loaded with bales of goods, shawls, to- bacco, tumbeki, silks, and other merchan- dise having arrived between Diadin and Karakisse, eighteen hours' distant from the Turco-l'ersian frontier, was stopped a body of Cossack cavalry of about 800 men, who, coming down from tho neighbouring hills, threw themselves upon its conductors. It was at this preciso moment that tho Turkish courier, who also followed the caravan from three or , four Btations on account of the danger of the route, had time to spur his horses to a full gallop and to escape, bringing ibis news to Erzeroum. 'l/he contents of these bales are valued nt about £50,000 or ¿£55,000 sterling, for the most part belong ng toGretks enjoying Russian pro- tection at Tabroz, and to Persians. They pretend that the officer who commanded the Cossacks lins given a pledge to tile muleteers to give thom back tho horses or their value after a certain time. Tho Russians nero also incensed against tho courior ol the English embassy of Tehe- ran; for several days they had postod spies between Rizzel- Gizck and Djadin to await him. Unfortunately for them ho had passed two days previously, and they had nothing for their pains. Mr. G. A. Stevens, an English marchant, established at Tnbreez, had also, to they say, a great quantity of rice for tho uso of the anny of Kars, and some magnificent horses, tho whole,valued nt from 70,0o0 to 75,000 piastres. Before tho arrival ol' a new Tartar we cannot tell exactly the losses which the caravan may havo sustainoJ. The Russian cavalry, since the last battle of Kuruk-dcra, wus sensibly reduced in horses, and n coup de main, which would proeuro for thom '¿300 with so little dan- ger, was not to be despised, although the horses belonged to subjects of a neutral and friendly power. Ó tutti pod paper has a great reputation in Russia, and by means of a sheet upon which they trace a sort of engagement in favour of him whom they rob, the Russians believe they have a right to appropriate tho property of others. Thus in this last lire of thc for- tresses of the littoral, on the Black Sea, and particularly of those of Redout Kale and tioklioimi Kalô, moro than ono Greek merchant whom I know established there- for several years hus been thc victim of considerable losses, without counting a groat number who have boen eij^jsly ruined. The governors of each fortress havo, however, consoled them by distributing to each one a note, in which were comprised nil the magazines, shops, and merchandise which they had set I i ru to by order of the Government of tho Czar, ns a means of preventing them from falling into the hands of tho enemy, who would havo usud them as arms against them. All these gentlomen aro quiet at the present moment, and hope that ns soon as Russia puts nu end to this war by tho destruct ion of the fleets and armies of the allied Powers, thoy will be indemnified for all the losses they havo sustained by a full repayment of their properties and mer- chandises. Tho next Tartar will give us positive information respecting the stopped caravan, and the fate of tho bales, silks, &o.; ( , REDOUT KALE, MONDAY, AUOI'ST 7. Acoplo amused themselves towards tho end of last year and thc beginning of the present, in contrasting with tho miserable state of tho army of Kars tho prosperity winch that of JJatoum appeared to enjoy. In fact, tho troops which composed it had not been beaten by tho enemy-they had succeeded in making themselves masters of the point of St. Aicholas (Check-velil) -in repelling Borne attacks vi the Rus- sian fleot, and in maintaining themselves in positions which, to say the truth, were Ttery nosily defended. This was, then, more than was necessary to secure glory for Selim Pacha, commander of this army ; and tho Turkish government, which is far from behn? parsimonious when it is desirable to make a display ol the valour of its troops, and tho talents of its generals, wishing to give somo eclat to tho trifling proceedings, and the incon- siderable advantages obtuincd in tho neighbourhood of Batoum, hastened to elevate Selim Pncha to tho rank of Muchir of tho Imperial Guard, couferrcd on him the grand cross of Modjklio, and had at one time the idea of naming him commander in chief of tho two united Asiatic armies. After tho evacuation of Ouzonrghet by the Russian troops, tho Turks amused themselves by asserting that thc war in the Caucasus would shortly be terminated. Selim Pacha no longer thought of his mtrco into Tiflis-he wished to march direct to St. Petersburg, which he sup- posed to be somewhero towards tito north between Tiflis and fciebastopol. A single day's mareil of thc Russian troops was sufficient to disperse thcBo visioni of glory which hud turned the weak brain of tho respectable Muchir ; and two battles of a quarter of tm hour each havo been suffi- cient to throw tho soi-disant victorious army into an abyss of shame and misery. People spoak of tho destitution of Selim Pacha. What? Notwithstanding tho CO,00O piastres which ho spouds each month in order to havo protectors nt tho Ministry of War-notwithstanding the numerous emissaries of different nations that ho ¡B perpetually sending to Constan Ufioplo to* palliate In's dclcats-notwith- standing tho 32,000 Russians whom ho asserts that ho has killed in his Inst buttle, and which completes tho modest number oi 50,000 which ho swonrB to lave sent to tho other world sinoo tue opening of tho campaign-notwith- standing, I say, nil this, SoUm Pacha Trill be deposed. Thor« aro, howevor, ttroug rccutumendotions, nod whioh could I not fail to procnre for him enthusiastic defenders, especially among the numerous French sous-lieutenants or English mid- shipmen, who, in their frequent visits to the camp of Tchourouk-sou, were received by tho cunning Turk with bonnum which nre only rendered to princes of the blond, and have been enabled to write to their mammas, trembling with admiration, tlint they havo ridden Arabian horses capari- soned with gold, smoked chibouks en- crusted with diamonds, and that Selim Pacha, who went to receive them at the shore on their landing from tho steamer, resembled in every respect, the famous Ali do Janina-doubtless - as much ns they resembled Lord Byron by tho whiteness of their bands and the shapo of their cars. Ridiculous ! and to say that there are people silly enough to suppose that such a mun can be delended. Wo are then compelled seriously to dis- cuss the merits of such a man as Selim Pacha ; for the rest, as it is of similur stuff that Turkish generals aro mudo, it will servo to form a judgment of many others. The Russians have evacuated Onzour ghet, for reasons which any man of good sonso will understand, and which every military man will approve of, afier glan- cing at tho ronp. Concentrated in the neighbourhood of Koutai they aro able to repel from that point all the attacks that may bo directed against thom from Ba to ii m-from this side, or the side of the mountain of Songdidi. At Koutai they defend tho best approach to their Georgian possessions, while nt Ouzonrghet, without speaking of tho difficulty of provisioning the troops, they would be constantly oxpuscd to thc risk of losing their line of retreat, especially if Borne fine day tho allied generals took it into their heads to send from Varna to this place, in the course cf two days, some troops, and to march them forward imme- diately on the Toad to Koutai. Fifteen days after this retreat of the Russians, Selim Pacha at last determines to enter Ouzourghet. His first report states that, thanks to his clever manouvres, he has driven off the Russians, and tundo himself master of a largo numbor of guns. At Constantinople people sworo only by Selim Pacha, to whom, however, tho Rus- sians have only left ton sacks of mouldy corn. Once at Ouzourghet, Selim Paella hod two things to do-to seek out the Rus- sians, if he thought himself in a position to fight them; or to romain in his new quarters, which wero easy to fortify, and still easier to defend. In either thc one case or tho oilier-that is, whether he wished to act on the offensive or to re- main on the defensive-his firet care should have been to colloct together his troops ; instead of doing so, he disperses his battalions from Baton m up to this point (that is to say, Redout Kalé), and in many other places. From these preliminary arrangements it is oasy to foresee what will bo his future operations. Desirous of appearing active, and know- ing only how to move, Selim Pnchn, after a fow days passed nt Ouzourghet, sends n detachment of 3Q0O men and two pieces of cannon on the road to Kontui, and two days' march from Ouzourghet. Ho has hoard that thcro nrc Russians in that direction ; but ho has taken good care not to give himself any trouble respecting their position, their number, their inton tions, &c.; Tho unfortunate Turkish troops, led hy two stupid pashas, without tho slightest precautions (which the most silly European corporal would not have ncglcctod to take) arc soon almost totally exterminated. Tho pnehns, who had for- gotten so many other things, did not for- get to save themselves I At the first rumour of this defeat Selim Pacha doffs his costume of matador, and instead ofgoing to St. Petersburg, he quits Ouzonrghet in tho middle of the night, leaving behind him ammunition, provi- sions, a portion of hin own luggage and tho hospitals cram mod with sick. Ho would have had plenty of time, howevor, to have effected his retreat in good ordor ; the Russians only entorod Ouzonrghet three days ador with nine battalions of infantry, a fow thousand of tho Georgian militia, and some cannon. Selim Pacha had an equal force, and 12 pieces of artillery, but ho might have brought 5000 additional mon into the field had ho thought of it. One would imagino that Selim Paohn, having left Ouzourghot with such preci- pitation, would havo resumed his old posi- tions about three leagues off, or not at all. Yot his march was not at all difficult ; all obstacles havo boen left to the enemy, and tho Russians, who, oven nfter having dis persed tho Turks, did not choose to risk themselves in tho gorges which protect Tchourouk-sou, would certainly never havo attempted to attack a body of mon there, froBli and drawn up to rocoivo them. What did Selim Pacha on tho oontrory ? Ho suddenly stops in tho midst of tho woods, tho dofiles in his roar, and, ns if ho had set his mind upon choosing a position whore his troops might bo not only ill treated, but even completely annihilated, ho abandons tho road, the only lino of retreat, nnd pushes boldly forward to pitch his camp about 2000 paces from thenco, with- out leaving a singlo sentinel to observo thc road. To what purpose shall I speak of his other strategic dispositions? He posts and fortifies bis men, during two dnyB, his linc of battlo a square, the guns disposod singly, without vidcttes, " grand, gardos," patrols, pr anything of tho kind Thus prepared he has been taken, not nu ho pretends, in flagrante delicto of rotroat, but of sleep. At dawn o.f day tho Russians, find- ing a freo roatl inviting them to march, pushtu! forward three battalions, which, without having been discovered, drotv up in thc rear of tho Turkish position. The Goorginn militia, having boen placed in flank, three battalions of infantry, sup- ported by only two piooes of artillery, wero ordered to attack tho front intrench meut, threo other battalions being hold in reserve. After a quarter of an hour's fighting tho Turks, finding their linc of retreat blocked up, I took to the mountains, where the Russians «vero unable to pursue them. There was not even a foot-path. Tho Turkish soldier: saved what he curried on Ins back ; the generals and a few more prudent individu- als may. have escaped with their horses, All the other horses wore abandoned to tlie RussiunH, as it was imposBihlo to bring them through the thick growth of trees and brushwood, and over the sharp rocks. A single Russian battalion would have sufficed to secure all, and push on to Batonm; hut, notwithstanding the evident signs of tho profound terror anti complete disorganisation of the Turks, tho Russians know not how to profit hy their victory. Willi ll cannons and the booty of the Turkish camp they retook the rood to Koutai. The Turks began to rally in about 10 days. These aro tho brilliant deeds of Selim Pacha. Half tho créait, however, is due to his council, composed of individuals who have tried every trade but that of 1 soldier. If we pass now to a review of the conduct of Selim Pacha as a politician and administrator, we shall find it equally fine and not less remarkable. Immediately after the ovacnotion of OuBourghot by the Russians some Geor- gian chiefs, with tho Prince Data at their head, came to make their act of submis- sion to Selim Pucha, and to offer him their co-operation against tho Russians. Selim Pacha prnmitd them to subject his, ¡men to a rigid disciplino, and that the re- ligious liberty nnd property of the inhabi- tants should be respected. Pie himself bestowed tho title of governor of the country upon Prince Data, nnd furnished tho inhabitants with tickets of surety. Two hundred Georgians, new allies of Turkey, fought like horoes in the Turkish ranks in the first affair ; more titan half of them remained upon the field of hattie. Unto himsolf was dangerously wounded hy two musket balls as he was rushing upon tho Russian entrenchments. After tho first defeat tho scene begins to change. Selim Pocha, solely occupied with tho moans of exonerating himself in the eyes of the government, had the bold- ness to adopt a course which wo loavc to others tho caro of qualifying. He pretended to hnvo been betrayed by thc Georgians. Data, yet blooding from his wounds, was dragged in tho night to a distance from tho camp and there beheaded. It was everywhere pro- claimed that ho had gone over to the Russians, together with many others of his compatriots, who woro subjected, also by night, to the samo fa to, and their disap- pearance was given as a proof of the protended treason. The neighbouring villages were plundered, tho mon killed, and the women and children carried off. Selim Pacha had a hundred to his own share, many of whom ho still retains in his house at Tchourouksou and tho little fort of Khyuayr Kali, where it is rumoured ho had withdrawn, awaiting his deposition. 'Hie other pachas, as may well be imagined, woro not baokword ¡to follow this fine example, and you will Btill per- çoive in tho camp of Tchourouksou, hero as woll as in the other cantonments, n crowd of Christian children serving ns playthings for tho brutal passions of inde- cent soldiers. Am-mgst other cases has beon seen . . . but lut us draw a veil over those revolting scones. Wc have just learnt what was, thanks to Selim Pacha's egotism, tho fate of tho Georgians who fell into tho power of the Russians; they wei o exe- cuted-that is lo3ay, hung at Onzourghet. Their countrymen will not forgot thia bitter lesson, and in future it will certainly not bo with tho Turks that they will be desirous of fraternising. Shall I now mention tho fi te of nn unhappy Prussian, or rather Polish, prisoner. Interrogated ns to the number of men who were on tho road and behind tho Turks, ns I havo alroody explained, this unhappy man could necessarily give but ono answer namely, that thero wcro hut three bat- talions. This did not suit the purpose of Selim Pacha, who wished to have yielded to a sudden reinforcement of 30,000 men -tho too truthful Polo was accused of having communications with tho Russians, was conducted quietly in thc opon day to thc contre of tho camp, whero he was exe- cuted as a spy and traitor, who had sold himself to Russia. Ho was quite a young man, with clear blue eyes, and light curly hair, and died bravely. 1 have these details from tho Turkish officer who was ordered to out off his hoad, and whose awkwardness (for they take tho first lieu- tenant or sons-lieutonunt they incot) added to tho horror of this disgraceful execution. Sinco that dny all the Polish soldiers who desert from tho Russians to pass over to thc Turks, aro treated as prisoners of war, and sold as such to thc numerous Abasos or Tcherkesses who infost tho neighbour hood of tlie camp or the cantonments, and who deliver them for n small sum to thc Russian authorities, or drag them into thu mountains, whoro thoy are condemned to work all their lives as boasts of burdon. This conduct, altogotber opposed to tho firmans of tho Sultan which were dissemi- nated by thousands in the Caucasian pro- vinces last February, has had tho effect of stopping tho progress of desertion from the Russian army, and that, together with tho diversion which Selim Pacha had deprived himself of in alienating tho Georgians, testifies still further to tho political skill of this grout general. Shall I now occupy myself with Selim Pacha as administrator ? Eh I my God 1 it has been ropoated that since his creation thc troops of Batcutn, pressed in thc too loving arms of their chiefs and intend- ants, tho most infamous rascals among oven tho Turks themselves (which is say ing a great deal), molt every day into gold, which runs exclusively into tho pockot of j that which is vulgarly callod les gros bon- nets. What use ¡H there in rotorring to thoso middcods ? Somo days ago our cap- tain, disgusted with tho misery in which tho protended battulion is allowed to remain, which is expected to do tho sorvico of the fortifications hero, grfvo ardors to march, and wc sot out for Tchoutouk-sou, whoro he signi- fied to Selim Pacha that if he did not im- mediately Bend provisions to the Turka in tlie garrison he would go and denounce him, or, to express myself better, accuse him at Constantinople, They sent out some bad mouldy biscuit,'which/appeared a real manna to ihesó poor starved crea- tures, but which certainly will givo them dysentery, then fever, then death, That ii the usual progression in this unhealthy climate. Touched with compassion, wc have fraternised with them, and among other things havo made them a present of six oxen, which, nevertheless, has not prevented them in spoaking of us to treat us ns Giaours. But I perceive it is time to close a letter already, perhaps, too lengthy. Yon havo hoard of a pseudo-fortress, Ghek Vetil (St. Nicholas), conquorod by the Russians, and asserted to have been long besieged hy them. The faut is, after one attack from the fleet, it never Baw a singlo soldier of tho enemy. People promenaded betweon Tchoumuk-sou and Click Vetil ns in Hyde. Purk ; but nt ConstnntinO|)le it was thought to bo hard driven, and ready to yield np tho ghost. Meanwhile nn aide-de-camp of the Suhan arrives at Solim Pacha's head-quarters, carrying firm.ins, decorations, and oilier presents for this bravo general. You mny imagine they wei o careful nut to lut him visit the famous " bicoque ;" but to moko him believe that fighting was carried on there daily they kept firing for two hours all the artillery of Chok Vctil. At length thc enemy was repulsed, and tho aide-de- camp set ont for Constantinople, bearing a dispatch which announced a new victory-" tho hnssians have lost GOOO men. If they have not sent any prisoners, it is bocause they were all killed," &c.; Do you understand ? And will you now ask mo if the Government knows anything or nothing ? I hope, however, Selim Pacha will be deposed. 