THE public were taken by surprise a week or two since by an announcement that it was the intention bf a clergyman of the Church of Eng land to apply for admission to practise at the bar of this colony. The gentleman in question is well known to the literary world as a trans- lator and editor, and numerous classical and other works are graced by his paternity. At Oxford, it is said, he held some situation which connected him in a slight degree with the staff of fhe University. It now appears that previous to ? his entering into Holy Orders, he had pur- sued the study, of law, and had been regularly called to the English bar. He has very recently abjured the ministerial office and returned to the legal profession. .With the. grounds of ! this vacillation, the mo'ives and conscience of the gentleman in question, it is not our purpose to interfere, because it is not within our province to judge of individuals in matters of conscience. But as observers and commentators on public acts, it is'open to any class of persons to-notice and investigate such" occurrences as bear on great questions of policy whether in State or Church. And this transaction seems one of them. ?? - ? We have always been lcd to understand, that ir. certain branches of the Church, those at least which pride themselves on that which they call Apostolical descent, it is held as an axiom that "once a priest always a priest" justas it is said of the army, " once a captain altoays a cap- tain,"-that is, the profession sticks to the man of certain rank in it, and of this he cannot denude himself. That this is not a mere vague opinion seems to be inferred from tho privileges conferred on the clerical order. We need not go out of the bounds of the Church of England ; nor need we refer to any higher authority than Judge BLACKSTONE. That careful and. judicious com- mentator clearly defines the peculiarities of the clerical profession, as affecting municipal pri- vileges and exemptions. " The laws," he says, " having exempted them from almost every per- sonal duty, they attempted an exemption from every secular tie." The personal. exemptions, however, doto agréât degree hold good: of these exemptions one is singular, but' it marks the point in question. " A sentence of death," . says BLACKWOOD, " can never be passed upon the clergy for any number of man- slaughters, bigamies, single larcenies, or other clergy able offences ; but a layman, even à peer, may be ousted of clergy," &c.; Now, we are not to suppose this peculiar privilege is likely to find claimants in this country, but such is the law of England. It marks emphati- cally the peculiar character of the clerical pro- fession. " But as they have their privileges, so also they have their disabilities on account of their spiritual vocation." Clergymen are inca- pable of sitting in the House of Commons. Nor can they farm except under certain conditions ; nor can they engage in any manner of trade. As to the manner in which a man may "be- come a clergyman there is ample instruction in the Ordination Services. The Deacon declares that he " trusts" -he is " inwardly moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon him this office and ministration to serve GOD, for the promoting of his glory, and the edifying > of his "people." " This . is solemn enough, and few persons would, perhaps, if once taken, feel themselves at liberty to recall this pledge. We do'not know by what process it can be recalled by others for such, persons. The law would' seem to understand that the office is permanent, whether it is or is not exercised in connection with preferment. In this colony, it so happens that there is no j preferment ; but the same condition as to the separate character of a man called from secular to divine pursuits must still obtain here as in ! England. The deprivation or the resignation of the Bishop's license does not deprive a cleric of the Church of England of his character as one set apart from the world. And in England there are sufficient guarantees against the intrusion of unworthy persons, ordained, into official situations, to prevent such intrusion. , A clergyman may, therefore, be deprived of or may resign his benefice or cure, but he is a clergyman still,'and if he attempts to tate vip again the active duties of his calling without au- thority he is still subject to ecclesiastical rule and censure. He can, however, return to them and again hold preferment by the ordinary pro- ' cess. In fact, his distinguishing character re- .? mains: it is inseparable from him. And if, daring, á period of .deprivation such a man turns his at tention to secular pursuits which were pro- hibited during his occupation of a cure, public sentiment is sufficient to affix a mark upon him. Can, then, a clergyman rightly renounce the profession, to which he was " called by the Holy Ghost," and enter the army or navy or legal profession as a layman. If he can, what becomes of the Ordination Vows and professions ? What becomes of the barrier which the laws of England interpose on the strength of them between certain secular duties and the privileged cleric ? What be- comes, in short, of the alleged virtue of Ordina- tion, of the commission to " execute the office of a Deacon in the Church of GOD committed unto him," in the name of the Trinity ? What becomes of the solemn charge to forgive and to retain sins, as the English Ordinal expresses it ? What would bc the position in the eyes of the Church of Rome, of a priest of that church who should come to the Supreme Court, and require to be admitted a member of its bar ? Would his HONOR the Primary Judge in Equity hold that the Supreme Court was exercising a religious duty in admitting him ? If not, cana Judge of the same Court admit on such grounds, a person who renounces his religious duties in the Church of England, in order to exercise functions renounced when he undertook those duties ? The plea under which the gentleman in question was admitted appears so utterly incomprehensible, that some have wondered in silence that no demand has been made by competent authority for an explanation. They think the great body of members of the Church of England have a right to demand such an explanation. They think that those who do not belong to that community have an equal right to demand, whether the prestige claimed for the clergy of the Church of England has any solid foundation ? Now, it is true, they enjoy no class privileges. The Colonial law gives them no " benefit of clergy." But how does this admission to the Bar bear upon the presumed sanctity of the man ad- mitted to Holy Orders ? Is not this a protest of the very strongest kind, in addition to others that have preceded, against the assumption of the doctrine of those who are fond of boasting of the " Apostolical Succession ?" Is not this a death bio w to the pretended superiority of what is techni- cally called High Church principles ? . The Reverend Barrister of the Supreme Court-is he a layman .or a clergyman ? Can he go into Council ? Can he enter as a volun- teer artilleryman ? Can he, in this colony, be- come a justice of the peace ? Is he, in short, so divested of his sacred character as to be eligible for any and all secular and lay offices ? If he is so divested, we shall be glad if some one, able to cope with the anomalies, will take up the discussion of the following facts, so as to satisfy us that High Church principles, at least, are compatible with the late transactions in the Supreme Court. It is said, that the chief actor in that transac- tion, came to this colony a " High Churchman," and that his chief recommendation to the late Bishop of his Church was, that he held, and had written and published in defence of the doctrine of " Apostolical Succession." It is said, that though he held no benefice, in the Protestant diocese of Sydney, ho has yet taken oaths of obedience to the late Bishop of that diocese and his successors-and, therefore, is, at this moment, under an oath of obedience to the present occupant of the diocese. This may be mis-stated, but this is what is believed, on apparently respectable authority. If such a person can throw up his orders^ can he noiu believe in Apostolical Succession ? If he does believe in it, how does he stand in the Court of Conscience ?. The present Bishop of SYDNEY is said not to believe in that doctrine, as held by those called High Churchmen. In his installation discourse,' he said . as much. He, therefore, would not, perhaps, think the more of it, from the way in which it has been treated by this incumbent of that Succession. And thus, we may suppose, a triumph has been gained against the doctrine through the conduct of one of its defenders. Nor is this all. It is in the recollection of the readers of this journal, how, a few years ago, two clergymen of the Church of England, who seceded to that of Rome, were stripped of their characters as clergymen, as was supnosed at that time by some, for that act. The then Bishop of SYDNEY sent, two of his priests, High Churchmen, who demanded the Letters of Orders which the scceders htld, and so, as was thought by the Bishop's party, they were stripped of their sacred character. It has been said that others of the English clergy,, not high church- men, protested against this act, as suicidal and .irregular, they believing that as the Ordination Service alleges the power given is from the " Holy Ghost," none but that Sacred Spirit can dissolve the sacred obligation. But. the High Church bishop and High Church clergy de- clared in the face of the. world that English Orders can be laid aside-and now we have another High Church clergyman declaring that, for the sake of the fees and perquisites of the bar, he does openly lay aside his apostolic office and succession-and the Judges receive him, as anew sovereign from their own mint, under'xhe plea, that the legal office is a sacred or religious office ! No. opinion that can be offered by an indi- vidual on this subject can be regarded as bind- ing upon others ; but still it will, probably, be held by more than one,' that whatever be the real claims of the intelligent, hard- working, consistently-pious ministers of the Church of England to the reverence and respect of the community, there is an end to the pretensions of the High Church party. For, even ad- mitting that the act of one or of a few does not bind ' the whole, .yet it is. demonstrated, that there _ may . be either great , insincerity or_ duplicity in the . adoption of the opinions of . that party, and it certainly cannot add to its renown, to see such an evidence of its defence. What advantage, in a religious or sacred point of view, the legal profession is' tb derive from it, it ' is not for us to surmise. But it may be said, not uncharitably, that one who has trifled with solemn' obligations, and in defiance of a canon to which he has bound his observance by an oath, who within a few'days of his meta- morphosis officiated in all the outward sem- blance of the section of tho Church to which he professed to belong, can confer but little.dignity or respect upon his new vocation. 