MBM0IÄ8 AND ARCHC JOURNAL OT LIEUTENANT BBLLOT.* (From the Spectator.) THE celebrity of Joseph René'Bellot is a re markable instance of what character will effect. His aptitude for instruction was great, and he made his way from a humble position to early rank in the French, marine ; but his acquire Stents and promotion were not of a wonderful lund) many men have gained more knowledge under greater difficulties, or risen more rapidly in worldly position, without acquiring a tithe of his distinction. It was not his volunteer zeal in braving danger or privations, or even his actual death, that produced his wide-spread fame ; for in the noble service to which he belonged, volun- tary exposure to hardship, risk of life, and death itself, are too common to challenge more than a passing notice, and not always that. The cir cumstance of a foreigner volunteering to assist in a search after Franklin and his companions, ao doubt contributed to the social attentions Bellot received; but a fashion of that kind is evanescent, and would go for little on shipboard, «rhen the first novelty was over. Bellot, however, . exercised as much influence over the hardy Shetianders and Hudson Bay men as he did among private acquaintance. To influence a nation, something more than fashion or personal fascination was necessary ; and that appears to haye been the assemblage of qualities which is called character, and which procures fame and regard for men apart from any great success, or even in spite of failure and misfortune. The distinguishing traits in Bellot appear to have leen, great kindness of heart, and a large sym- pathy conjoined with great resolution; and it was this sympathy which made his death so .widely felt as a common loss. The life of Bellot, brief as it was, is not without interest, especially for the example it furnishes that the institutions or manners of the French offer a better opening to humbletalentthan exists in this country. HÍB father was a working blacksmith, with a family of several children. Bellot would appear to have received his educa- tion at some public school at Rochcfort, where his father lived ; for his teacher, "M. Richer, made such á favourable report of his ca- pacity and intelligence," that the municipality granted the boy a demi-burse at the College ol ' Rochefort. This involved some pinching on the * part'of his family to pay the additional charges, ' slight as they would appear to many ; but the .charges were willingly.borne, and they were " repaid, not only in after-life, by the assistance ' Bellot furnished to his family out of his scantj ; means, but by an immediate harvest of prizes. In his sixteenth year he underwent a successful .'examination for admission into the Naval School and again received assistance from the Roche fort Municipality; his family struggling at before to make up the difference. On the Isl September,. 1843, " his age being then seventeer ; years and a" half, he stood fifth on the list foi promotion of pupils of tbe second class ;" anc iras received successively on board the Suffrer and Friedland, lying in the port of Brest. H( alarlo his first cruise in the corvette Berceau, ir June, 1844. From that time till 1850 he wai actively engaged on the coast of Af rici or in the Indian Ocean; and was <vounde( in an expedition against Tamatave ii Madagascar. The leisure of shore or coast "ing. duty did not suit Bellot. He quittée '"his ," vessel, the Triomphante, in September 1850;. and in the following spring volun .:: teerèd to join the little yacht Albert, which Lad; franklin was fitting out. From that; point thi career of Lieutenant Bellot is known to all, a -well as the manner of his untimely death ; ex cept, perhaps, that all may not know that hi ; bid commander, Kennedy, and the crew of th ... Albert, offered to serve under him if ho wouli take the command of a second expedilion ; rwhich he declined, out of .national delicacy ; an that he in vain endeavoured to induce the Frencl "Minister of Marine to. send out an expedition c search, alleging the example of America an Russia. ' Joseph René Bellot was born on the 181 March, 1826, at Paris, though he always calle himself a Rochefort man : he perished in We! lington Channel, on the 15th August, -1853. : It was a habit of Bellot, from an carly perio of life, to keep a journal, in which he entere not only his observations but his reflections an '^e^iin^^Ä^4saLnal which he ^ot* duri? his first voyage in tn^^Albert, 1851-'52, ifo volumes before us principah'j',.consist. - Upon > the voyage itself, the geography ol^the regions visited, . or the mode of life in the Arctic Seas, they throw little if any absolutely "new light. Their interest . mainly arises from their autobiographical and national character. The French have not attended so much to Polar exploration as some other nations, and the voyage had for Bellot a freshness it would not have had for an English seaman. It is, however, his own portrait, un- consciously painted, that gives its main interest to the journal. Prudent zeal and resolute de- termination to do his duty continually appear, mingled with a little of the Frenchman's self demonstrativeness. The buoyancy of spirit which makes light of recurring hardships and dangers, and the firm will that refuses to be '" downcast by physical ailing or unusual perils, but renders the mind master of the body, fre- quently occur, as well as the writer's strong family feelings. With these biographical traits' are interwoven pictures of scenery and the usual incidents of an.Arctic voyage, together with obr sensations and reflections on^arious matters. Exploration in those regions is probably at an end for some time to come. The following remark, therefore, has no direct bearing, though strictly correct; for nearly all the great discoveries in those regions have been made on foot, if not exactly by land. It hits a blot in our public system,-a rigid not to say a blind adherence to mere routine, and an official determination to ignore whatever does not come with an official stamp ; though the-Hudson Bay Company are not quite BO secret as Bellot supposes, and one Govern- ment expedition was planned to proceed over . the Polar ice. The most erroneous notions are entertained in Trance aa to the information possessed by the English Admiralty. The Hudson Bay Company, which makes . à mystery of all its operations, will not allow anything to ba published respecting the manners of the tribes in their ^territory, their resources, or their mode of travelling** ' Whether it be that the Government has not aaked'for such information, or has received it ia an incomplete form, not one of its naval expeditions i.Jhes possessed tho means of travelling by land; and it ï .ia not surprising that' tsih of them has. produced so y little; since their season of operations has, of necessity, ' beert' always restricted to the very short time for which they wèro supplied with necessaries: besides, leven -in summer, their men, spoiled hy g, ' / winter passed by the fireside, did not accomplish all that might have been expected of -them. In writing down these reflections (aa to which the future will show me. how far I am in the rightl, I £dó not think I am influenced by a feeling of hostility f^&jtoreign; rivals: but I am'struck by. the facts. No, * I have too high an esteem for Sir Edward Parry and , ; tho two Rosees ; I do ? not attack them, but criticise a ? fißfattm,' the dtfec|sj)f which nothing could make plain to them, not tíven their experience in these seas. It ?? . Menolr« of Li-ntenant loteph HenO Bellot, Chevalier ot thc ' I<e*iau of VTb&our;, Membsr- ot tho Géographie*! Societies of ? £oa4oa and Paris, Ste. With his Journal of a Voyage tn tho Polar Seas-in (search of Sir John Franklin. In two volutnef. Hurst .adMsosatt,Loados. . --?- '"?.?"*>? -TT I does not appear that they «ter had with them Hudson. Bay men-nguiu Arctic traveller* ; they had men i experienced m navigation among the ice-good ice muter*-but that ia «U; whereas in thia country, where the ground ia solid during two-thirds of the Îrear, a voyag* of discovery should be prosecuted by and aa well aa by sea.; and that infers a new aeries of studies, quite different to those to whioh a naval officer ia accustomed ; for them the least details as to foot and head gear, clothes, and food, become of vital im- portance. . Now, last year, Mr. J. Smith was the only man who had belonged to the'Hudson Bay ,service ; the greater pait of the crew had never been iii the ice before, and there was nothing on board of what is requisite for travelling in winter, nay, scarcely the requisites for spending the winter on board ship. Mr. Kennedy the commander and Bellot him- self were both-teetotallers, together with a large portion of the crew. The vessel is described as carrying no intoxicating drinks; from which, however, spirits-as a medicine must be excepted, and lucky it was that they were taken. Bollol notes at the beginning that his own health suf- fered from the absence of wine. The excessive strain upon the faculties could not be well sup- ported without some stimulant, especially in the absence of sleep. 20th August-Still now ; but it ia all the same tc us now. We have at last found the passage. Aftei having run into the entrance, which was but badlj marked, we came upon a chain of flakes whioh allow in to get to the other «ide. Thia lut navigation is diffi- cult enough, and require» a aort of knack only to bi acquired by praotioe,for we move through a fog thick- ened with snow. It ia at such times that the ice matter's duty becomes fatiguing : oura has not closet an eye for thirty-six hour«, and will hardly be a liberty till to-morrow. It appears that the masters o the whalers sometimes past two or three days withou rest. Mr. Leask regret« that he has not a HUI brandy; aud I believe that the excitement he ha need of can only be given by that remedy, at the ex penis, it is true, of health subsequently. And again, on the 28th The forecastle presenta a petition for an extra ratioi of brandy, although they are not entitled to it ; bu they allege as a pretext that thc provision! are not c auch good quality aa respectable English sailors have right to expeot. Thia petition cloaea, in the usual wa] by assurances of the deepest reapeot. Mr. -Kennedy asks my advice, and I think that the may be satisfied without danger : to refuse, would fa to expose ourselves to ill-will on their part, although am convinced that they have only oboyed a prejudice for there ia amongst them more fear than liking f( spirituous liquor*. It became advisable on other occasions t have recourse to stimulants. Still the fact the a whole ship's crew could sustain health in th Artic regions without regular rations of spirit or beer is a strong argument in favour of terri perance.. It must not be. forgotten that th crew were of. strong constitutions, hardened t habit, and accustomed, it would appear, to ri frain from stimulants, as well as to eat large) of animal food, Mr. Kennedy was a very religious man i well as a teetotaller. Bellot was nominally Catholic, with the continental ideas touching tl Sunday. He, however, readily gave in \ Kennedy's practice, and during the commander absenceorillness read prayers himself. He speal highly of the usage, and of its effects upc the crew, and more than once considers that tl commander's unwillingness to labour on tl Sunday had providential results. In Bellot tl religious feeling was very strong. The wonde around him, the continual escapes from peri where prudence was useless, and leisure for x flection, seem to have shaped if they did n produce doubts as to dogmatic theology and i creeds. On the 2nd December he writes thu«' I find myself daily more and more attracted towat that religious system which I should call the religion Nature, because the sentiment ia developed in me the contemplation of the marvels scattered around i by the wonderful Providence which presides over f provides for all, and foresees all. I lose myself in inextricable labyrinth whenever I seek to clear up the too uncertain lights of my reason those dark rn; terious by-ways of dogmatic theology, the necessity which I cannot explain to myself. Whatever be t possible objections to a religion which derives ita di trines only from the innate principles of the heart i the conscience, therein lies for .me .the basia of all w ship-the origin of that gratitude which reminds ut what the creature owes to the universal Creator. 1 doubts and incessant hesitations, amidst tho conici tious inquiries after truth, tell me that I am a J tionaliat-that ia, aa some would say, a soul perver and opposed to the real faith : but who caa force hi ?elf to believe what ho does not understand ? An my poor wearied head, worn with anxiety, happ to go astray ia aearohing for. the t way amid the divergent doctrines Christianity-justification by work», "or ¿y" grace always find my mindmSít'rést when, jumping o intermediaries, I.vri've immediately at the conclus of all rel aipiv systems, and address a warm pra; d"W.r.»?v"tiTlInd himself. And on the 11th he writes again This morning, I had for the first time a pretty sharp ra.ligi.oue discussion with Captain Kennedy. We plied each other so hard that we ended in very bad humour. He believes in revelation ; for him the Old and the New Testament are of thc same authority, and flow directly from the Deity. Thia I cannot admit. Alas! I have not faith, and my rebellious reason revolt« against what it cannot explain.' I I admit the New Testament as inspired by the spirit of J God ; but I do not believe in the Prophets, in the Holy Ghost, or at least in the latter otherwise than as a symbolic figure. What is to be done? My con- science tells me I am not wrong ; I know well that, in seeking to extract from all systems what is good in them, I should not be supported ia my discussions ; but, ma foi ! I cannot help that ; I yield to the cur sent of what ia passing within me. I perceive that in politics and in religion one has friends only on condi- tion of making certain concessions ; but what I have not, never Bhall have, nor wish to have, is the spirit of eect : I shall never be able to sacrifice my interests to my sentiments. 'It is here I recognise the omnipo- tence of free will-the only real freedom-the only one worthy of man. Why should I attach myself to doctrines which offer toe no - complete certainty of truth? No, I will never lie to myself, and my mouth shall never say yes when my heart say J no. I will avoid among foreigners, as 1 do in my own country, putting forward even my convictions, when I know well beforehand that few men can be convinced, or will listen to anything but what they like to hear; but when I am questioned I will reply at all hazards in accordance with my conscience. I have hitherto experienced that whatever relates to metaphysics- to abstract subjects-cannot be demon- strated ; one must believe, or not believe. In short, ail I-could cay may be summed up ia one short phrase ; either a man Hta faith, er he has nor. 