CHRISTMIAS IS IIERE. 1. Thrice welcome dear friend of the past, lint where are thy pinions of snow i IHaver the lips of our sunny climo kissed The icicle crown from thy brow ? 2. Did she silently creep to thy couch, And steal the frost gems from thy curls ? Did the spirit of saummer come down And rifle thy casket ofpearls? 3. Thou nrt changed since we knewthee in youth, Then your garments were sparkling wlth sleet; And out from the gale You came cold andpale But now there's a glow on thy check. 4. Old Christnmas, dear Christmas, Pine not at theehange: Pet Christmas, hale Christmas, Do not deem it strange; We will twine a fragrant wreath, Jovial friend for thee; Wattle blossoms smile as brightly As the Holly tree. 5. For our children from the windows, Gaze down upon the street; And whisper "hie is coming, We can hear his welcome feet, With bright eyes, And merry crnes, They cease awhile from play; Ant light the Chrisntmas tapers - To cheer thee on thy rway. O. And memory wafteth back again The scenes of olden times, When the " Waits" at midnight woke us And we listened to the chimes With the mellow rise and ringing Of the bells sweet voices singing A healing song of welcome, which the echoes loudly cheer ; As they start up from the hills And dance o'er the frozen rills To hear the tidings onward, that Christmnas draweth near. 7. With the old fashioned flagon, And flaming snap dragon, The chesauts we throw in the embers pure glows; The terror fraught story Of ghosts lank and gory And tile kisses we stole'neatlh the misletoo bough. 8. Tile forfeit and ftne, And hot elder wile, The molten lead poured tlhro' the mystical key; The forests and plains On the frost crusted panes, And tihe carol, that rose froln our warns hearts in glee. II. Yet we brood not In sadness, ut journue on With lades And thankfil souls whein thinking of the good Aloud we lift [old Christmas time, Our voices, As a young bride . hVio rejoices And give thee welcomno Christmas to our ge nial golden clime, Old Clhristmns, dear Christmas, Pine not at tihe change; Pet Clristmas, Ihalo Christmas, Do not deem it strange; We will twine a fragrant wreath Jovial friend for trhee; Wattle blossoms smile as brightly As the Iolly tree. P. -oI.IguoAx2. Geclong, Dec. 2-1. 