THE FITZGJBBON TESTIMONAL. . I had formed no intention ot writing to you this week, previous to the unparalled furore which has attacked our Limevick dunderhead corporation and citizens in general, relative to the object which heads my prssent communication. Slankenberghi's nose never created such an uproar. If you .chance to stroll down Georgo's-street you meet troops of old humbugs in droves (like the buffaloes) piously looking up through the rims of their spectacles, with ejaculations to the Lord, for the contemplated adornment of our city. 'Tis said that the statue to poor Tom Davis, in the old Exchange, will be flung into shadow. Lord Monteagle may doff his hat, fling off his cloak, and make an ignominious leap from his column, for lo ! lo ! lo ! a young man died the death of a British soldier on. the plains of Balaklava, and the crimps of the old city set up a pigmy for veneration where a giant should stand with uplifted arm, invoking the fire und thunders of heaven on tyranny— but why do we marvel — Epnesus worshipped a cat. Lord ! mark you where the ' idol" is to be erected, verily in the midst of the Crescent, where Sunday-walking Limerick may have opportunities of judging of its architectural pro- potions. where petite nurses may munch their " two o'clocks," where gabbing stupid old ladies may sock their eye-glasses, and utter out through their remaining tusks " bee-utitul," where militia officers, who strut and starve on so much a day, may curl their moustaches and exclaim " mawgnificent," and where last, but not least, our aldermanic baboons, attired in all the torn-foolery of crimson robes, satin pumps, and inherent ugliness, may caper a war dance, while Colonel Douglass stands on the flagway, straining his wind-pipe to imitate a Russian battle-whoop. In God s name let it be answered has any people ever displayed such contemptible ignorance of public right as ours have lately. If the man were a benefactor in any shape I should be silent. If he had charitably lost his life by the deathbed of a mendicant. If he had killed a bull, that the paupers might carouse at Christmas. If he had done any thing which would challenge noble emulation, or excite generous sympathy, we would be foremost in shaking the begging-box at every door in the city, to erect a monument to his memory. Will they who labour in the devlopement of this object stand forth and reply to our observations ? We will feel luippy to be undeceived. Where are the monuments to Curran, G rattan, Clpncurry, O'Connell, arid Davis. — where ? In the Town-hall reading-room there stands a picture of O'Connell. In an artisans garret there hangs a bust of Davis. In O'Gorman's window the speeches of Curran, Grat- tan, and the Life and Times of Cloncurry are visible. Can Limerick boast of anything else to perpetuate their greatness and yet, oh ! unutereble shame, £1,040 to immortalise a lord's son (?) When Griffan was allowed to starve in London, when Sheridan's last blanket was given to the when Clarance Mnngan, walked Dublin with his elbows through his coat, when the children of De Jean screech, like the young ravens, for bread, and when — l>nt in what consists the use of multipli cation. If that scornful project is completed, never was a fouler insult flung on the national feeling of a people. On the basement which shall support the form, of the " hero" plant the ghost of the butchered Irish Parliament, with its inexpressible eyes smiling on Chancellor Clare. Let there be a scroll vending the tariff — the barter for which he of blessed memory assisted in the. confiscation of our independance, In basso relievo around the . slabs of the basement sketch .solitary ports, shipless harbours, closed marts, blackened homesteads, pauper bastilles, with pyramid of perishing skeletons in the back ground. Trace the ruination of a great people, the descent from honest opulence to contemptible beggary, hung be the heaven of that scene with black, and you will possess a memerlal eternizing the disgrace of the present, and a fierce incentive to shake the lion from his meshes in the future. — Correspondent of a Tipperary Paper. 