LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. Askdal Licekoino Dat. — We again remind those interested that the Annual Meeting of Jus tices of the Peace, for the consideration of applica tions for Justioea certificates of approval of licenses being granted to persoDS receiving Wholesale, Pubuc-housc and Packet Licenses for tho different districts throughout this colony, will be held at the several Court Houses, or Police Offices, on Satur day, the 1st December next, from 10 o'clock to noon. At Lauocestou, «t II o'clock m the lore noon precisely. ItrsoLVBNT Coobt. — There was no business transacted at this court on Wednesday last, although the Commissioner, W. U Sams, Esq., was in at tendance at the usual hour. Kino— late Dido's Mate. — John and Alary Qregson, were remanded to Evandale on Wednes day last, as necessary witnesses in a supposed case of murder, that of King, whoso body was found unburied at the ground called the Ball Boom ; it was in such a state of decomposition, that on removing it, tho head and arms fell off. The Oregsons, who are Ruspectcd of having harboured Dido and King, on hearing that tho body was dis covered, packed up their goods, and removed to Launecston, but were followed by district con ? stable Perkins, who lodged them in the Watch house, on Tuesday evening. Mastess and Servants' Act. — David Cross. t.l., was sentenced to three months' imprisonment^ on Wednesday, for being absent without leave for several days, from the service of Lieutenant Footo, An Oi/D Bomher— bot hot a Chelsea Pen sioner. — A man who was in custody on Wednes day, supected of being an abscondcr, when called for by the name of Death, did not answer, but re plied to the name oi a nomas unost, immediately. He (aid first, he was a passholder, then a ticketof leavc holder, and finally that he was emancipated, that he was well known about town for two years, and that Mr. Green of Brisbane-street knew him. Sergt. Sullivan said he apprehended him, in con sequence of information lie had received, that he was an absconder. lie knew that Ghost had hecn transported from the Mtli Begt., in Halifax, Nova Scotia, for 14 years, which term, he had completed at Bermuda, and id about a month after Iiib return home, got transported outherc. The Police Magis trate said, as there was no definite charge sgainst him now, ho would lilxjratc him, but would make farther enquiry as to whether he was free or not. Couutebfeit Notes. — James Newman waa charged by Mr. district constable Brown, on Wed nesday, with obtaining money under false pretences from Mr Bpearman, on mo jdiii instant tiev mau said he wished the case put back until he could employ a lawyer to defend him. The Police Magistrate said, he wan not going 10 put him on his trial, but even if he waB, another counterfeit noto had been traced to him as the utterer, although it might not 1)0 necessary to go into the details of that case, as the present one would pro bably be sufficient. Mr. Spearman proved that Newman had come to his house, the Union Inn, on Thursday night, the 16th instant, in company with a fisherman, who was selling perry winkles ; after some talk, he treated the finherman t« a glass of Old Tom, and took one himself, tendering what appeared to be, a pound note in payment; witness took it and gave the prisoner 19s. in change, and walked of! fo quickly that it caused witness to sus pect the note wan not good, consulted with Mrs. Speirman, and f iund jt was not a Bank nole Gave information to the police, and got the pri of the note a* a mark, and then gave it to Mr. 1 Brown; Mr, B.«wn produced, and witness imme diately identified the note. The prisoner said he might have given the note produced, ho had two notes at the time, but he was as innocent of its being bad as Mr. Gnnn himself. The document is an order on the Bank of Independence, Hoi boroe, signed by Jacob Francisco, San Francisco. The prisoner was remanded until Monday, for the evidence of the fisherman Fcuale Pooilists. — James Smith and John Bobertaon, were charged on Wednesday morning last, with disturbing the peace, on the previous evening, in St. John-street, opposite the Market ; constable Slater«tated that Smith and Robertson were acting as seconds to their wives, who were having a regular pugilistic encounter, according to me most, approved rates oi mo ring, ue waaaiuea by Di. Casey in capturing tho two men, but the women eacaped. Fined fls. each. Cbowm Land Sale.— This next sale of Crown Lands, will be held at the Court House Hclmrt Town, on Thursday, the 20th Decomlwr next. The Lou are situated at the undermentioned places, vie.,— Iu the city and suburbs or Qolurt Town, townships of Apsley, Adelaido, Surges Bay, Bra baton, Bellerive, Dulcet, Franklin, Gordon, Hamil ton, 8outhport,Lennon, North Uruni Island, Lovett, Pontvlllo ulsdon, Shepton StonUcute, Tiiabunna, and suburbs of the townships of Bothwcll, Dulcot, Bythe. Hamilton, New Norfolk. Country Lots— ? County of Buckingham, parishes of KinBborough. Loughley, Ranelagh, and Bedford. County of Kent, parishes of Thanet and Price. County of Pembroke, parishes of Sorell, atid Canning, and Speciat Country Lett— County of Monmouth, in the parish of Ysrlington near Jerusalem, 5a. lr. 8p. Fenafoner'a allotment with hut, fence and stone wall, County of Somerset parish of Oatlands one ten and ticre and four porches fronting upon Sham rqek-sttect, adjoining the Church reserve. 600 acres In the parish ofBridgcnorth, county ofDevon, recently occupied by John Griffiths; 400 acres at the township of Lyttleton, fronting upon Middle Aim Creek ; 1000 acres at Stony Creek, county of Doreot, in the parish of Tunbridgo; G40 acres Harrictsham ; 8G0 acres Ely ; COO acres Saudy gato; 600 acres Uartlepool ; 760 acres, Charing; 1310 acres, LewiBham ; 200 and 400 acres, Sath wood ; 220 acres, ~Soaham ; 800 acres, Seabrook ; 2560 acre*, county of Monmouth, parish of Amu del ; 360 acres, county of Pomliroke, Little Sn«n poit road ; 600 acres, county of Someiset, parish of Aliercrombie ; 190 acres, Lennox ; 100 acres, Dur ham; 180 acres, Peel; 100 acres, and 509 acres, at Great Lake, count)' of Westmoreland, recently occupied by B. Q. Kennode. Tenders are aUo called to tie opened on the saute day and hour as above, for the occupation of an allotment of 19 perches in the city of Bobart Town, attlioaogles of Dunn and Macquarie-etreets. Cbowh Lands fob Gbaeino fobposes Only.— Tenders for the occupation of the following lots from die 1st December next to SQth, November, 186C, will be received at tho Surveyor General's Office until uoon on Wednesday next, viz.:— 1100 acres at the township of Lennon, Bruni Island ; 900 acres in the suburbs of Launceston, recently occupied by James Bolman ; 1200 acres at the township of Stieglitz, at the entrance of George's R«v ? 3AO0 acres in thenariBhaf Fortfiscuc. Cnuntv of Cumberland, recently occupied by James Mac donald. CoumsstoN of tbe Peaoe. — The name of William Seccombe, Esq., has boon inserted in tho Commission of the Peace. ArpotNTUEMrs. — Mr. John Surtees White has boen appointed Deputy Clerk of the Peace for the Franklin District. Mr. Richard Propsting has been appointed to be Inspector of Stock, Inspector of Weights »nd Measures, Poiindkeapar, Mid town Surveyor at Campbell Town. . .. ;; Adsent fbou Mosteb.— CharlesGregoiy Psyne, a ticket-of-leave holder was sentenced to nine months' haid laliour, on Wednesday, forlclnff ab sent from muster in January and July last. He wsb apprehended at the Mersey, and had been for a long time at Port Sorell. Incesdiabibh.— Yesterday, news irrivod in town, by the HobartTown mail, that a argc stack conUining about 70 tons of last yesrV hay, the property of F. Burgess, Esq., Chief Poljoa Magis trate, was in flames, on his property at Sew Town, when the coach passed on Thursday evening. Several persons had been arrested on suspicion of having been concerned in setting fire to the stack, which stood three or four hundred yards distant from Mr. Burgess's house. ' Eeoatta.— At a meeting held on Wednesday evening, it was pioposed that the (proceedings should be published after the next meeting. The Mayor and Aldermen have subscribed £21 for a Mayor and Aldermen's Purse, to be pjlled for by gig* Evakdale. — The inquest on the body of the man found dead, supposed to be King,-thc mate of Dido, is not yet settled, being adjourned till Tues day. The evidence is strange, vague, and con flicting, but no doubt the truth ' wil) out.' The jury, vciy properly, detained the witnfcsscs. When in possession of the evidence we shall publish it in full. Pigeon Shooting Matches. — On Monday last two matches came off at the Sir George Arthur Inn, Sand Hill. The first between Mr. James Reading and Mr. Horder; the latter won by kill ing four out of seven birds. Tho second wsb be tween Mr. Alex. Thomson, bookseller, and Mr Keene, gardener ; Mr. Thompson won, Villing all his birds; Mr. Kcene killed two out of three ? On Thursday, a match came off on the Old llacc Course, between Mr. Cox of the White Hills, and Mr. Thomas Moore or Franklin Village, at ten birds each ; Mr. Cox won, having killed eight birds to Mr. Mooic's seven. These birds were veiy powerful on tho wing, and it was considered by the best judges, that the shooting was BUperior to any witnessed for a long time ? After the last match, Messrs. Parr, Moore, Horder, and Eeanc chal lenged Messrs. Cox, Ward, Stamford and Beams to shoot on New Year's Day, for £80, a challenge which is likely to be accepted. Stawtljso Fact. — George Town has invited much attention lately, but little euld it be sup posed that tho following would take place :— A tradesman whose name is in our possession, de clining to trust the A. P. M., trusted his nephew who lives with him The article required, was a ham, of the value of fifteen shil ingsand five pence, and seven months after, the bill was presented, ind payment refused. The nephew, who by the vay is Clerk of the Peace, refused payment, illeging as his reason, that his uncle had desired liin not to pay. The ham had been devoured in he household, and the nephew, is under age Will my of our legal readers direct the tradesman how o get bis money? P.8 —Mr. Wilt -n obtained a i-erdict for non-payment of nine, supplied to an \\. P. M. — Communicated. Determined Suicide. — Wednesday morning a woman waB discovered hanging from & fence iu the rear of the Cascade Factory. On being cut town, she was found to be quito dead, and must have been so lor some hours. It appears she is a German immigrant, recently arrived in theeolony, and was in the service of Mrs. Bell, of the Hibcmia, Liverpool-street. She is reported to have been in a very desponding state of mind ever since her arrival in tho colony, as she considered she had been deceived by false representations. An inquest will be held on the body.— H. T. Mercury. Mb. SnAnr'a Band at toe Hoktjoui.tdbal Gab dens— The attendance at these gardens on Thurs day evening, was verv large, anil the public were highly delighted with their promenade through the beautiful grounds, which arc kept in the best passible order. Masters and Servants' Act. — Mb. Bligh charged Duncan Brown, «t the Police Office yes terday, with absenting himself from his ten-ice without leave. He had engaged Brown to work a barge on the river, who not liking the employ ment, gave fourteen days' notice that he would leave ; Brown considered this notice was up, on a day when tho barge was aground, near the one mile beacon, and loft her there, with Bails bent in a vory dangerous position. Be was apprehended by Mr. district constable Cotton, on Thursday, and sentenced 1 1 14 days' confinement in the Male House of Correction. Perspective Pleasure Twrs in the i^la behce. — Arrangements have been made, by the Director* of. the Launccstnn Steam Navigation Company, for sending the Clarence dbwn on ano ther trip to Georgo Town and the heads, on Mon day week, the 3rd December As the Lauiwestoti public, arc sure to patronise their own Company's stcamcis, in preference to any other, it is probable, that the Directors will lie so encouraged by the result, that they may be so induced to send the 11 Clarence,' or some other of thtsir steamers down, once every fortnight, or even weekly during tho summer. News — Imtobtant vebsub Ummtobtant. — Yesterday, the arrival of tho ' Maid of the Yarra,' caused a repetition of the ceremony of pausing first, a signal of ' important,'— and afterwards, tho ' hope deferring' one of ' unimportant news,' at the Signal Station hero. All this had been gone through on the arrival of the Black Swan last Monday.— At a time when the public mind is so excited', and so intensely eager, for cvciy sentence of intelligence from tho seat of war, it seems like premeditated mockery thus to tantalize us. Wo are glad to leam, however, that Captain Drew Iibb taken such steps, as will prevent tho recurrence of such tin annoyance in future. He lias directed tho Officer in charge at the Lighthouse, not to pass any aignal until he is certain it is a correct one ; and that masters of vessels for tho purpose of mak ing such signals more easily dislingmshaMe, will place them at the yard arm, «b well as at the mast head whon Hearing the Tamar heads. |g' AuATEtm Dbamatio Club —The fifth per formance by the gentlemen of this Club will take place on Wednesday evening next, whon, by ppocial request, the comedy of ' The Poor Gen tleman' will be performed, and tho farce of the 11 Spectre Bridegroom.' . jj- The residence of'.the late Mr. William Hcadlam, in Upper Brisbane-street, *iU '*- *°ld by auction, on the premises, by Mr. Howe, on Mon day next, at 12 o'clock. 