UNTIL we learned it from A contemporary we were quite ignorant of the (act that the argument iu favor of a liuiitei stamp duty had been so clcarly pin, by several of the elective members of Sydney, that the Governor Sir William Denison had, in defe.« icc to their views, proposed the adoption of a limited stamp duty, and that it was matter of congratulation that he had " yielded to the reasons so ahly advanced" in favor of the adoption of that scheme. We sec uo cause for congatulauon to the community for this assumed victory even over Sir William Denison himself. All he wants are ccrtain ways aud means, and it is a matter of indifference to hint whether he gets them from meal or malt. But we shall be much mistaken if the expedient of stamp duties finds favor with the great body of the representatives. We arc not disposed to take the ghost's word f.>r the popularity of the tax. It may be scepticism on our part, but «e are suspicious of the suggestion and the mode of its recommendation. It looks like a despotic attempt to reconcile us to an overgrown and useless expenditure. By discussing only the manner in which the burthen is to he placcd upon our shoulders, it is hoped that we may be led ' altogether to forget the weight of the load itself. It would of course be treason to deny all the privileges they assert to the honorable members of a council who will be so accommodating as to consult only on the terms they are ready to impose. For this accommodation the pre&s; is willing to barter its freedom, provided they wili go a step further, aud only accommodate a few designing men with power and place. This system of mutual accommodation seems now perfectly well understood. At one time we are threatened with " a Committee of public safetyaud anon we are soothed with the propriety of a Stamp Tax. Because the Victoria Ouustitutiun Act gives express power to the Council of that colony to define their privileges by act of Council (be it marked) to be passed for thai purple, because our act is silent on any such subject, argat, as Dogberry says, the rights and privileges of Parliament ate "inherent" in the Legislature of this colony! Such ar- guments are based on the presumed absurdity of the reader to whom they ate addressed. They cuu only be met in some such way as Theodore Hook upon one occasion met a bad conundrum — namely, by asking, " Why St. Paul's was like a lobster's claw ? ' which, on being " given up" iu the visual way, he answered, " Because neither of tlietu wear silk stockings." The analogy between the Parliament and our Council is as reasonai.le us that between St. Paul's and a l<ib>ter's claw. We have already contended against those who assumed that the new Tariff would amply suflice for the exigencies of the ordinary revenue, as soou as the exceptional state of circumstances arising from the gold discoveries cowsed. Our predictions have been verified. Such a Tariff is only consistent with a laij»e population—a moderate contribution from every one helping to make up a large aggregate. Hut in our present condition, we must also tax other imports, and for this purpose we knowof no system (however open to objection it may be) preferable to ad valorem duties Fur instance, at the Cupe they have ad valorem duties of 7 A percent. The Tariff can combine very well with such a system. It is only reasonable that the luxuries should contribute, as well as the necessaries of life, towards the requirements of the goverumeut of the country. A stamp-tax would be both obnoxious, and open to the grave objection of affecting all the ncecssary transactions of daily life. No receipt would be valid without a stamp proportioned to the amount, and in a new colony we are well aware that the intervention of the stamp iu all transactions would not be taxing the business hut the necessaries of life. It is far ni'irc desirable to leave all transactions of trade and commerce perfectly free, and, if possible, to disencumber land itself of many of those traditional forms which impede its ready sale and conveyance. The unpopularity of the tax would only be discovered when the experiment waB made, but the transition from the freedom we row so happily enjoy to a state ofj-estrietion to stamps, would soou be felt in erery rank of life as a source of annoyance. If desirous of jjoing to the properjsoaree of taxation, the ouutuin Head is a property and income tax, and if this is suggested we shall not want candidates for the new " Parliament." There is nothing that so much sobereth the reason as a direct draft upon the pocket. 