LAND.-LAND. (From the Ballarat Star.) In a previous article on the "Land Question' it would appear that, in the simplicity of on mind, we committed a grievous sin,-we dare to intimate that our present Land System wa defective, and actually had the hardihood t demand that the lands should he opened to th multitude of intelligent and industrious colonis who are ready to give their labor in exchang for the plenty it would return to them. By s doing, we have called down the anger of our powerful contemporary the Geelong Advertiser. Deep is our regret that at so early a period o our existence our "blessed ignorance" shoul have been so apparent as to have attracte the attention of our lethargic friend. We lain would throw a cloak over our errors, and hid our diminished heads in some far distant locality but land-drug as it may be-is far beyond ou reach, and therefore we must still subjeot otr selves to the reproofs of our influential Geelon contemporary. The head and front of o0 offending will be best understood by giving th paragraph itself, which appeared in last Satur dat's issue of the "Pivot Thuntlerer:" Taer SO.T.-We have received tih second tinmbe of this newjournal, published at Ballarat thrice week. Itsviewsoen the land and squattingquastio secm to have been picked up two years ago, beorf land was a nana in the market. The Star seems be In a state of nm.:?aSe Ixoao?ISC?e: as to tilepositio of very great number of people who have tow geo the "land," taUT Do .or n-cuLL .Now WHAT To Such is the comment upon our views, the smal capitalsonly being our own. With the bashful ness of youth, we were almost disposed t " bow down and worship" the elder brothe who could so gently endeavor to lead our juvenil mind from wild and unjust reasoning to the goo old tract of ancient "foggyism." There w something venerable to an infant of but a fe hours growth in the magic No. 2828, that w had well nigh pronounced the peopl " growlers, ourselves "obfuscated " simpletons, and th "Geelong Advertiser and Squatters' Advocat the very embodiment of enlightened wisdom an liberality. But in the midst of our humili tating reflections a light dawned upon us; w recollected that in the course of nature tw infancies are developed-one preceding the daw of energetic intellectual exertion, and the othe indicating a speedy dissolution. The though that it was possible our friend might be classe among the latter inspired us with courag raised our drooping spirits, and enabled calmly to reason the matter, until faith in o views became almost "strong as holy writ." The subject is too serious for banter, an therefore, in sober seriousness, we shall appi ovrselves to the task of more fully elucidatin the subject. Our contemporary appears t imagine that, because land in the Geelon district will not now sell at £5, £10, or £5 per acre, (the price foolishly paid for it in th days of delusive excitement and speculation that it is a "drug in the market." This re coning is too shallow to require discussion. is not the price paid for the land. so much the capability of the purchaser to render th land productive that should be considered. W are aware that immense quantities of la has, during the last three years, passed a repassed from one individual to another in t County of Grant; but has one-fiftieth of it g into the possession of bona fido cultivators ? trow not. The land mania of '52 and '53 ws more or less rampant in all parts of the colon but to the people of Glelong wass roesevd t bonor of carrying it to the Lihest pitch insanity. In this place every inhabitant, fro the merchant to the chimney sweep, b;came tt frequenter of the " land mart," and vied wi each other for the purchase of one chain wi allotment of swamp, or an acre of stones. Th these reckless speculators should now find the land to be a drug in the market is not surpri ing; but it will require more than the eloquen of the great magnate of the " Commerci Emporium" to convince reasonable beings th land is yet within the grasp of the mul tudle. The colony cannot possibly be permanent prosperous until a land system is adopted th will enable every man to turn farmer. Hither the lands have been sold in such quantities, a reached such prices, that none but the capitali had a ghost of a chance of obtaining any, unle he paid treble the actual value. It may be sa that an auction is open to all. So it is. St it requires but little experience to decide thf under the present system it is better at once give the land-speculator 100 per cent. on It purchase, than oppose him at auction. To t poor man who requires a hundred noes of lan with, perhaps, only £300 in his pocket, it is t turning point between success and ruin wheth he obtains that hundred acres at one two pounds per acre, while to the lan speculator the amount is a mere bogatell Hence has arisen the systematic trickery " land jobbery" that has brought the colony the verge of ruin. The New Constitution 00 give the people the control of the waste lands the colony, and it is their own fault if they d not adopt a system that will enable every it dustrious hard-working colonist to become freeholder, even though Ihe be, comparativel speaking, penniless. This, and this only, wi place the country on a sure and solid basis would be the death blow to " Cltnes," sn such like agitations, for who would not maintal the rights of property, when his own was stake? We have a land scheme which wI believe well calculated to turn the rankest reb into a loyal government.supporting subjec We shall unfold our plan on a future oceasion LTo-morrow we shall have a few comments t make on the above. In the meantime, as vrt apropos of the question, we repent a paragrSp from the preceding number of the Star: Lori SASLEc.-A public land sale was held in t Court hlouse of alltarat, on Tuesday mornc when fourteen lots in tihe pnarlosh of DowJin Forc sud thirty lots within tie "ow Steierver ofýt 1, utalh Wa u pot up wlllht R snle l bteiL 