QUEEN'S THEATRE. A house filled to overflowing witnessed the representation of " Hamlet" on Friday evening. The tragedy, which was most powerfully cast, was, with one or two exceptions, finely played, Hazlitt, in his criticism upon the elder Read's performance of the part of the Prince of Denmark, remarks of the character, that " it is quite remote from hardness and dry precision ;" peculiarities, which, however, this eminent critic did not consider were absent in Kenn'a rendering. Whatever defects there may exist in Mr. Brooke's interpretation, the faults condemned by Hazlitt are certainly not included. The whole is easy and flowing and although at times there is considerable elaboration both in the dialogue and situations, it is correctly introduced and well timed. The nature of Hamlets character has been the subject of as many comments as the part has had representatives on the stage, and so diverse have been the opinions of critics on this subject, thatovcryintervenoofdispositionbetweon also noble and high-minded Prince urged by the command of Heaven to avenge the foul murder of his father, to the moral coward, and even actual lunatic, has been filled up. Mr. Brooke's reading is that of the gentleman and scholar, and although the ground has been so thoroughly occupied, he contrived to give the character an original phase. The first encounter of Hamlet with the Ghost was most artistically pourtrayed j and, indeed, a great excellence of Mr. Brooke's peculiar style in the bold and animated arrangement of his situations, which stand out with the prominence of a picture viewed through the medium of the stereoscope. The sublime soliloquies were given by Mr. Brooke, with proper emphasis and spirit and the famous advice to the players was, in his hands, the full analysis of a highly educated critic. The scene with his mother was, perhaps, the finest piece of noting throughout the tragedy and it would indeed be difficult to imagine anything more perfect than the exhibition of terror and awe which proceed from this splendid nctorupontho abrupt entrance the Ghost, The last scene was by no means v. eil managed, the actor who undertook to play the King being perfectly incompetent to the task. Ophelia was given with much grace by Miss Cathcart, and the mad scene was most affectingly rendered, the snatches of songs being" given with true pathos. Air. BogcrB's Polonius: is one of the best efforts of this clever actor, the character coming out with the importance which in reality attaches to it. It was the fawning parasites, and not the buffoon which many performers make it. Mr. Young's Gravedigger and Mrs. Young's Queen, were careful perform manees. The tragedy has been splendidly put upon the stage and the audience were only kept' from acknowledging their appreciation of the merits of the scenery by fear of losing any portion of the dialogue or action of the play " Hamlet" is to be repeated, we believe, on Tues day, the performance announced for this evening being Richard the Third." 