Wbt ¿agîmes Morning fâttm. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 8, 1855. -* TILE business of the Legislative Council, yesterday, though desultory, was important and without much talking, a considerable number of the motions on the paper were wiped off. Mr. FLOOD'S motion, for a select committee to inquire into and report upon the present state of the Colonial Architect's Department, was agreed to. Leave was granted, under the motion of Mr. DONALDSON, to bring in a bill to amend the Burwood Tramroad Act. The COLONIAL SECRETARY, on behalf of the Government, at once assented to the appointment of a select committee to enquire into and report upon the establishment and working of the office of Government Resident at Port Curtis, with power to send for persons and papers. The motion for returns in relation to the employment of the Tom Tough schooner was also conceded, the Government expressing its desire to give the fullest information on the whole subject. Mr. MARTIN moved for leave to bring in a bill to alter certain sums mentioned in Schedule A of the Act of Parliament 13 and 14 Vic, cap. 59, and the appropriation thereof. The honorable member explained the objects of his bill, which were as follows : To reduce the cost of each department mentioned in the Schedule to the sum of one pound, and he argued that the House had a right to take this course, and that if they did not take it they would have no guarantee for the Schedules being submitted to them. The SOLICITOR-GENERAL, in reply, contended that the House could not assent to the motion on constitutional grounds. 1st. That the Constitutional Act, which gave them power to pass a bill of the nature of that now introduced, gave them power only to alter the Schedules in the Constitutional Act, while the proposal now made to them would be a virtual repeal of the Schedules altogether. He cited the authority of Mr. Wentworth, who, in framing the New Constitution Act, felt it necessary to come to the House for an address to his Excellency, as to what should be the Civil List. The bill proposed to be introduced was moreover, he believed, unconstitutional, inas- much, as the Constitution Act prevented any member initiating a money bill, even if it were only for the sum of one pound. The motion was lost by a majority of 26 to 8. On Dr. DOUGLASS moving the second reading of the Medical Practitioners' Registration Bill, on the motion of Mr. COWPER the House was counted out. The House adjourned at a quarter to 7 p.m. FROM the debate yesterday it appears that the Government has got into what is commonly called a fix. The policemen having entered the service of this colony with certain expectations, resolved not to draw a baton until they were satisfied. The printed agreements give them a certain money payment; and it was understood that for a small sum weekly (2s. for single, and in proportion for married men they were to be furnished with lodgings. " That such was the idea of the Inspector-General originally is clear from the memorandum he read, and we suspect that the agent of the Government, in hiring the men had some knowledge of this part of the project, and not clearly distinguishing between the ideas of the authorities and their power, a confusion not uncommon, he held out expectations which cannot easily be met. House-room to a family is a large item, and the difference would be most serious in the pay of a policeman. The bulk of the police, like our senators in reference to the bullets of an enemy, seem to have trusted to Providence, they believed that it was " all right." They seized the pro- mises presented, and left their interpretation to time. One Mr. M'PHERSON, however, of the far North, did no such thing, but sent a sort of short catechism to the London agent, which brought back a categorical answer,-"Are we to have lodging ?" " You are." He got this answer ; he kept it and he brought it with him ! The Scotchman thus saved his comrades from durance. A monster indictment was in embryo when the " document " of the wary policeman posed the police magistrates and the lawyers, and set all free. It is now a question whether the charge of misdemeanour may not give place to an action against the Government for a breach of covenant. The claim of the new police, if admitted by the Government, will raise an equitable right to a similar advantage for the whole corps. It would be ridiculous to confer privileges on new hands, and deny them to the old Now, all these claims together require an outlay of £30,000, and the Message of the GOVERNOR GENERAL, which is to be submitted to consideration on Thursday next, proposes that this sum be sanctioned by the Council. The Message contemplates making these police- men soldiers. An idea excellent, if it be really practicable ; but here a new difficulty will arise. The men are engaged for police purposes only ; if they refuse to act in a military capacity, who can compel them. If barracks are erected, they may be mere lodging-houses, and yield no security, except against breaches of the peace. We cannot suppose that Mr. M'PHERSON will be a party to war after this display of diplomatic skill except upon some material guarantee, and thus the entire scheme, as a plan of defence, may be frustrated at last. The GOVERNOR GENERAL has acted rightly in promptly admitting the claim of these men when it was clearly established. The INSPECTOR-GENERAL fully vindicated himself, and no one can blame the men. The honour of the colony is pledged to release them from their bargain, or to make our own good to the letter and thus all that remains is to adopt the best arrangement the circumstances will admit. The GOVERNOR-GENERAL calculates that the barracks may be provided at a cost not much in excess of the deductions from pay which, according to the agreement, are to be made if lodging be found. No doubt great difference may exist between the hire, and the interest on the erection of houses, and a few month's would enable the Government, now labour is more plentiful, to erect them. But perhaps the best plan would be to cancel these agreements altogether, and leave those who chose to go elsewhere. The pay they will obtain in any other colony, or by any other employment, will not tempt many away. The Government evidently has not given authority to the person who hired them, and therefore cannot be bound, except to the particular party to whom promises were held out. It may be proper to consider whether barracks are desirable, and if so, to establish them as part of our police system. But when such a contest as that now in progress issues in the defeat of the Government, it is very doubtful whether it would not be better to take the men who refused to be sworn in at their word, and afterwards to treat with those who apply for admission just as with other men who Volunteer in New South Wales. It will be at all events necessary that an understanding should be arrived at respecting their willingness or otherwise " to work the guns." It is one thing to be pelted as a Peeler, and another to stand shot like a hero. Our impression is that this part of the GOVERNOR-GENERAL'S plans will be liable to much embarrassment. We cannot be defended except by a proper military force, and at a very heavy charge, and it is quite useless to go upon any cheap scheme. Some fine morning we shall pay down a sum which if laid out in proper defences would have made this colony what it is not now-" all right." The Bill of Mr. MARTIN, respecting the Schedules, was refused. The House has resolved to receive gratefully what the GOVERNOR has liberally offered! Mr. MARTIN and many beside him, look on the concession of the Schedules like the game of " apple and string." There lies the apple, inviting a hungry boy to appropriate ; but no sooner does he stretch out his hand than some unseen speculator on his greenness draws back the prize. Mr. MARTIN was desirous of cutting the string before he attempted to stoop for the apple. It is useless, however, to debate a question for ever. We have no doubt the Government is wrong in principle ; whether in practice too, will be seen when the Schedules escape the Committee. The Medical Bill is deferred-just when Dr. DOUGLASS had finished his speech, the House was counted out. It is hopeless, with such counter attractions, to attempt to hold members to their seats. Wandering about the House like ghosts, they were evidently little concerned in the defence either of the harbour from our enemies, or our health from quacks. Such was the power of song. We shall find Christmas carolling on its way before we have got through a Legislative Minute. - WE printed some time ago a petition from the good people of Albury against the present Custom-house system established on the other side of the Murray, to prevent either of the two colonies from deriving any advantage at the expense of the other. If a bag of sugar be procured on one side of the river for consumption on the opposite shore the purchaser must take care that he avoid the opposition Custom-house, or the duty will be reimposed, and he may incur the forfeitures which are necessary to guard revenue laws. There are two views which are taken of financial questions, according to the moral standard which a Government sets up for itself. One makes mere money the sole consideration. A colony is clearly a gainer, if, by a custom line, it can obtain Is, at the expense of lid! The other standard by which public men are accustomed sometimes to govern their policy is partly financial and partly moral. Thus when the Customs system is fraught with vexation, and presents a constant temptation to violate the law, scarcely any advantage will satisfy the conscience of a moral Legislature that such evil should be incurred. There are many who totally disregard the moral part of the question, looking upon the guardians of the revenue and smugglers as pitted against each other. They will be rather disposed to afford fair opportunities for the exercise of vigilance on the one side and dexterity on the other. The trophies of the Custom House in London were long exhibited with professional pride, as displaying the ingenuity of persons who devoted themselves to " free | trade," as the phrase used to be, and of the officers appointed to overhaul such speculations. Steam communication, however, has rendered protection extremely difficult on the coasts of old England, and the commercial revolutions of the times has compelled the Government to render the competition of smugglers unprofitable. The establishment of customs' duties at the dividing point between New South Wales and the southern colonies was an extremely dangerous experiment. It was introducing a new principle, and establishing in a form most offensive, the antagonisms which it should be the object of our legislation to destroy. Instead of setting up these expensive and invidious establishments, it would have been far better for several colonies to seek a junction of interest at least in the regulation of the customs. If it be really true that the duties are fixed upon articles of universal use, an uniform tariff throughout the colonies, and a distribution according to the population of each, would dispense with all these difficulties, and recognise the unity which in fact exists between all the inhabitants of this part of the world. Many months ago we directed attention to that obvious want of the Australian colonies-a federal chamber, which might regulate all these matters of general interest and provide some means by which the protection of the colonies' and their communication with home should be organised at their common expense. The debates which have recently taken place more fully establish the conviction that no inferior assembly will face the unpopularity which must be incurred by forcing such measures as even public safety obviously requires. While New South Wales depends upon England for protection, no doubt South Australia will look to the elder colonies. The common duty will thus be neglected, because members of the Australian group, with an unworthy selfishness and indolence, cast off their responsibity and care. There are but two-hundred-and-iifty thousand persons in this colony, but in the whole of the colonies there is no less than a million, and were their property subject to a small war tax, it would be sufficient to secure proper means of defence. The possession of such means would prevent the very necessity for its actual employment, just as the traveller armed and on his guard escapes the attack of the robber. The petitioners of Albury draw a dismal picture of the consequences which are said to have resulted from this system of customs. They say it has depreciated their property and ruined their trade - that their stock remains on hand and their capital locked up, in consequence of the hindrances to a free border circulation that the inhabitants on the other side of the river are prevented from visiting Albury, on account of the duty which they would have to pay upon goods taken from one side of the line to the other. Having drawn this dreary picture of the commercial consequences, the petitioners hint that with the hazard of ruin to the town and district of Albury, there is some risk of its peace. The Executive will, doubtless, enquire into the truth of these allegations, the mischievous border influence-as one ele- ment of that judgment which must soon be pronounced by the House upon the subject. The greater part of the population formerly accustomed to deal with the traders on our side of the water are located on the other, particularly the gold-producing classes. The inhabitants assert, that while the restrictions cut off their trade, they at the same time deprive the revenue of this colony of those duties which would have been paid upon articles now imported into Victoria. The COLONIAL SECRETARY intimated on Thursday last that the Murray River Customs Bill must be delayed, in consequence of some difficulty with the Government of South Australia. The people of a new colony will always be mightily indifferent to the politics of Port Jackson.. They consider they are far advanced, if not in population and in wealth, yet in legislative wisdom. While we have had to acquire by colonial experience some familiarity with the doctrines of free trade, and grope our way to the principles which England had grasped the legislatures and Governors of new colonies, fresh from their native country, have brought all the latest improvements. Like the family of JOHN NEWCOMB, wherever they show themselves, they are not disposed to take their cue , from even the " oldest inhabitant." We question if any co- operation can be anticipated, excepting as the result of sheer necessity. Most men will prefer weakness and collision to a unity which demands mutual concession. Like the heroes of Knickerbocker who watched the first fortunes of New York, they are always prepared to sally forth to protect the desert which may divide them from intruding fellow- countrymen who live under another piece of parchment. The whole subject demands a careful consideration. The necessities of the times will however compel something like unity, and we shall be glad to see all vexatious hindrances to the freedom of our inter-colonial commerce entirely removed. Better to loose a few thousand pounds than suffer the colonies to be disgraced by retaliatory systems. 