THE IMMACULATE CONCEPTION PROCLAIMED IN ENGLAND. (From the European Times, 13th January.) ON Sunday was read in the churches and chapels included within the Roman Catholic archdiocese of Westminister a pastoral letter from Cardinal Wiseman, dated at Rome, and promulgating the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception as an article of faith. The message is addressed thus a "Nicholas, by the divine mercy of the holy Roman Church, of the title of St. Pudentiana, Cardinal Priest and Archbishop of Westminister, to our dearly beloved brethren and children in Christ, the clergy secular and regular, and the faithful of the said diocese. Health and benediction in the Lord." The cardinal first enters into the external circumstances under which the dogma has been established. He describes the meeting at Rome of bishops from all parts of the earth, and then speaks of the interior deliberations. He says" " It was impossible to behold many of these prelates without emotion, many venerable for their age and the long and faithful services they had rendered the church, some reward for their persecution and suffer- ings even to exile- which they have heroically endured for Christ's truth ; not a few whose countenances presented to the beholder the type of holiness which shines in their lives so as to be like breathing pictures of eminent saints, but present evidences of the church's mark of sanctity and others whose noble features and bearing on whose mild and amiable countenances presented varied forms of the episcopal character. Such was the truly grand assembly of bishops amidst which we found ourselves standing, to our own edification, instruction, and humiliation. On four different days did this truly ecclesiastical assembly meet under the presidency of three cardinals, distinguished for piety, theological learning, and experience, Brunelli, Caterina, and San races, and attended upon by a choice assembly of divines, secular and regular. The bull, prepared for its last revision, had been communicated to them, and every portion of it frankly and acutely discussed. Here was indeed seen the importance, or rather the necessity of a common ecclesiastical language as the organ of religious unity. The bishops assembled in Rome represented fourteen different languages, as used by them in their communications with their own flocks ; yet here a common tongue united them, and proved that they belonged to the church which belongs indeed to the whole earth, but is still of one lip and one speech. All was now ready, and the great day approached-a day for ever memorable in the church's annals, the day in which the great preroga- tive of holiness ever conferred on creatures, exemp- tion from the stain of original sin, was to be dogmatically declared, as it had been firmly believed to be- long to the purest of beings after Him who chose and fitted her to be His mother." The Cardinal, anticipating criticism, is careful, and says "You will of course understand, dearly beloved in Christ, that the Church pretends to no new revelations, but claims the unfailing assistance of the Holy Spirit to guide her into all truth, and the teaching in her of her divine Pounder to the consummation of the world, and, therefore, the perfect assurance that whatever she is found to be at any time universally teaching, and what the Vicar of Jesus Christ pronounces to be her doctrine, has been that of the Catholic Church from the beginning, and consequently a portion of that deposit of faith, and part of the revealed truth, which 1 were entrusted to her by the Author and Finisher of her faith. It was not, therefore, to pronounce to the world any new discovery, nor to demonstrate by arguments a particular theory, that this venerable assem bly was convened in the magnificent basilica of St. Peter, on the memorable 8th December, just elapsed. It was as successor to him over whose ashes and under the shadow of whose chair he stands to pronounce a decree of unfailing certainty, that the immunity of the ever blessed Virgin, Mother of God, the eternal Word 1 incarnate and the spotless Lamb, had been a doctrine revealed from the beginning, and if hitherto only received in implicit faith, henceforth, by virtue of his decree, to be believed by all with explicit faith, that is, as a distinct and separate dogma, no longer involved in the general belief of what the church teaches." A remarkable portion of the Cardinal's pastoral is taken up with a graphic description of the scenic features of the ceremonial when the doctrine was declared by the Sovereign Pontiff. The procession (he says) presented one of the noblest ecclesiastical spectacles ever witnessed, even in St. Peter's. One hundred and fifty-two bishops, in silver a capes and white mitres, and fifty-one mitred cardinals in the embroidered vestments of their respective orders I as bishops, priests, and deacons, immediately preceded the holy father. He next describes the heavenly music, but what followed, he tells the faithful, was yet more sublime : " Standing at his throne, the holy father commenced the reading of the solemn decree by which, as superior pastor and visible head of the universal church, as successor of the apostles St. Peter and St. Paul, and as vicar of Jesus Christ on earth, he authoritatively and dogmatically pronounced that the immunity from original sin, or in other words, the immaculate concep- tion of the ever blessed Virgin Mary, the Mother of God, is a revealed doctrine of the Catholic Church. He had not, however, proceeded far before his tears and sobs interrupted his speech, and it was only by an effort which evidently cost him great exertion that he could make his words struggle through the tide of his emo- tions, and rise audibly above the flood of his overpowering feelings. He succeeded, indeed, so that we had the happiness of hearing every word and syllable of his most memorable decree : but that flood of tender devotion drew after itself corresponding sentiments from the souls of others, so that scarcely a dry eye was to be seen amongst those who witnessed this touching scene. The canon's voice gave the signal of the happy accomplishment of so many fervent desires to the whole city, and the prolonged peals of gladness from the olden towers of Basilica, and the belfries of modern churches, represented the acclamation of the earlier and later periods of unchangeable Catholicity. The cardinal dean returned before the throne to return thanks, and, accompanied by the proper official personages, to request that the official deed should be drawn up of the proceedings, and the bull issued containing the decree just pronounced. The mass then continued, and at the Te Deum, which closed it, the people joined in with the same overwhelming melody as they had introduced into the invocation of the Holy Ghost." After describing some subsequent ceremonies, the cardinal returns to the doctrine, and exclaims ' " Rejoice, their dearly beloved, again we say re- joice. Rejoice in the Lord, who has so graciously bestowed on his church so signal a blessing, whereby the piety of her children has been wonderfully excited, and their love for their mother in heaven greatly increased. Rejoice that to her fresh glory has been given, and a new crown, the brightest that she can wear, that we may hope for new favours and more abundant graces from her affectionate and powerful i intercession. ? Rejoice that, through this glorious event, the unity of church, the peace and love that reign among its pastors, their docility to their head, their attachment to the see of Peter, and the piety and learning of so many of them, have been most consolingly exhibited. And though absent in body, yet in spirit present with you, we rejoice with you, and pray to God that from this spiritual joy He will raise more solid graces-fruits of the blessing which the holy father, through our hands, sends, down upon us." (Signed) N. Card. WISEMAN.' 