LEADING MEN OF THE WAR. (From the Weekly Dispatch.) THE EMPEROR FRANCIS JOSEPH. Towards the close of 1848, dark clouds hung over the house of Hapsburgh. Italy was in open insurrection ; all Hungary was in arms for independence ; the population of Vienna had just been reduced to subjection by the shot and shell of Windischgratz and the savage Croats of Jellachich ; the fidelity of all the provinces of the empire was more than doubtful ; the Emperor and the Imperial and Royal family were skulking in dismay at Olmutz; every thing, indeed, seemed to indicate that mighty Austria, which had been built up in the course of centuries by the labours of sagacious rulers and statesmen — by intrigues, treasons and crimes of all kinds — by fortunate marriages and bloody wars — was about to fall to pieces like a tempest-tossed wreck on a rocky shore ; and that the ancient and haughty families in whom her destinies were concentrated and personified were as the Stuarts and the Bourbons, about to be stripped ignominiously of all their wealth, power and glory, and be driven forth as exiles and wanderers on the earth. At that fearful moment an energetic man and an energetic woman resolved to make a grand, effort to save the trembling and sinking imperial house. The woman was the Archduchess Sophia, and the man the Prince of Schwarzenberg ; and what they did was to wrest the sceptre from the feeble grasp of the Emperor Ferdinand, who was weak in mind and diseased in body — little better than a veritable idiot, in fact ; to make the next heir, the Archduke Francis Charles, the Emperor's brother, sign his renunciation of it ; and to place it in the hands of Francis Joseph, a boy only 18, son of that Archduke and of the said Sophia. , Of this young Prince the Vienna people knew little, and what they did know was not of a nature to make him befoved. For they had been told that he was haughty and imperious, and scorned the kindly good feeling and homely simplicity which Austrian Princes had displayed towards their subjects, and especially to the Viennese. They knew that exaggerated notions of his "right divine to govern wrong" had been care fully instilled into his mind by M. de Bombelles, a stupid old Frenchman, to whom the superintendence of his education had been confided, and by ' Madame Sophy," as they called | his mother, who, in their opinion, is one of the most intriguing, crafty, hard- hearted, and spiteful Princesses of all Germany, and whom, therefore, they bitterly hate. Then they were told that the young Emperor had descended to the baseness of falsehood to secure the crown ; for that the Emperor Ferdinand having hesitated to sign his abdication, Schwar zenberg and the Archduchess, to terrify him, had told' him that the people were clamouring for it ; whereupon the poor Sovereign, believing that the people, in spite of his intellectual infirmity, had always loved him well, and that it was not against him personally that they had risen in insurrection, lmf. QOTfllDof fllD ovofflw A4' l\o/1 rvAifAvriTY AY 4 mLLiVt V»A Vin/1 www wgtwAuuv U11U VI UWU TViilVU IXC 11UU Ut-CJLL unable to alter or control — the poor Sovereign, believing this, turned to his nephew, who was standing by his side, and asked him in a tone of poignant sorrow, " Is it really true, Francis, that the people wish me to abdicate ?" To which the young man boldly replied, " It is, Sire !" though he knew well that not a single wish of the kind had been expressed by any one except by his mother and Schwarzenberg. Moreover, the manner in which he caused his accession to the throne to be announced gave dissatisfaction and disgust — dissatisfac tion, because he took the designation of " Emperor, by the grace of God," whereas, in virtue of the Liberal Constitution promised to the Austrians, it had been expected that that old formula would have been laid aside, and that the Sovereigns would base their right solely on the Constitution and the popular will — disgust, deep and profound, because he made Schwarzenberg, the moment his uncle's signature to the abdi cation was extorted, htirry to the Diet, then sitting at Kremsier, and proclaim him in the sesemi-blasphemous, semi- grotesque terms ; " In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, I have the honour to announce to the Diet that Ferdinand has ceased to reign, and that Francis Joseph is Emperor !" It was, then, under no favourably auspices that the youthful Sovereign commenced his sway. Nor did the events which subsequently occurred lessen the bad impression against him ; on the contraiy, in the first place, he, in a solemn proclama tion, declared that, "he was convinced of the high value of liberal institutions ;" was " ready to admit the representatives of the nation to a share in his rights ;" knew that it was only " on the basis of true liberty that anything durable could be founded and that " he solicited the co-operation of the representatives of the people in making the laws ;" together with many other fine things of the same kind. Yet no very long time elapsed before he abolished the constitution, blotted out every vestige of liberty, and re-established the most absolute power. In the second place, he caused the most ruthless severity to be displayed in quelling the insurrectionary movement in his Italian provinces ; and he prosecuted the war against Piedmont with what he called vigour, ;but which, perhaps, might have as fitly been designated atrocity. In the war in Hungary, he allowed, if he did not actually order, his generals to act with barbarity not one whit inferior to that which the hideous Russians exercise in Moldavia and Wallachia ; and finding himself, in spite of it, unable to subdue the insurrection, he descended to the disgrace and humiliation of accepting the aid of an army of the Czar. Then he established the state of Beige in nearly all the provinces of the empire, and by means of it oppression was exercised which made the people groan . He kept up an immence army, and for its maintenance burdened- the nation with enormous taxes. He not only did not amend, but posi tively aggravated the scandalous abuses which had grown up under the corrupt government of his ancestors for centurieB. What was worse than all, he on all occasions displayed a callousness to human sufferings which would have been disgusting to any man, and which was absolutely abominable in one so very young. Thus, when Italy was "pacified," executions became the order of the day ; and the insurgents who by flight escaped his clutches were deprived of every farthing of their property, and thereby reduced to beggary in a foreign land;, nay, persecuted even there. In Hungary, scenes scarcely less horrible thap those which frighted Europe in 1687, when, for nine long months, a scaffold was erected in the town of Eperies, and daily — daily ! — was occupied in slaying victims ; a massacre, which, for length of duration, was unexempled — scenes scarcely less atrocious than these were witnessed. Not a day passed for weeks together without scores of unfortunate wretches being hanged by the neck or shot down like dogs, and am'ongst them were some of the noblest in the land, Batthyany to wit. Nay, even women, Wftrft finnnrcrAfl on c\ ill a HiilA TYiwnprfiPn nf cm nil ffl.rmATR and poor people were wantonly laid waste, To such an extent was the ferocious persecution carried, that even the hard heart of Nicholas the Czar was moved, and he, in the name of humanity and policy, intreated for mercy for the victims ; but Francis Joseph, either from pride of his power, or pleasure in the exercise of it, returned a stern negative ; and the bloody work went bravely on. Nor was this all. Most tyrants have their melting moods, but Francis Joseph was never known to have one. Not a single pardon for any condemned or exiled victim could ever be extorted from him ; 'and when weeping wives, and mothers, and sisters have thrown themselves on their knees before him, in his own palace, in the public streets, wherever they could gain access to him, and have implored, in heart-rending accents, pitjr for them and theirs, he has always sternly refused, and not unfrequently spurned the supplicants with his foot! Another fact which shows his character is, that when all Europe was crying out with indig nation against the atrocities of Haynau in Hungary, he could not understand what the outcry meant ; but declared that all that that bad man had done was simply just severity, and accordingly extended to him his warmest friendship. Indeed, so stern, persecuting and pitiless is his heart, that an eminent Austrian statesmen has declared that, supposing no wonderful change take place, which is perhaps hardly to be expected, history, at the end of his career, will have to brand him with the epithet of " Cruel," as it has done to Pedro of Arragon, or " Ferocious," as Ivan of Russia. But let us be just. What we have said shows but the dark side of the juvenile Cmsar's character ; and that character has its fairer side like that of other men. And first, there is no denying that, for his years, he is possessed of extraordinary energy and decision. This was proved by the part, discredi table though it was, which he played in causing his uncle's abdication ; proved again by the haughty manner in which, shortly after, he threw off the leading strings which his mother, for ambitious purposes of her own, wished to keep him, and told her plainly, " Madam ! I am the Emperor, and the Emperor I will be !" — proved likewise when, on being asked, on the death of Schwartzenberg, to whomhewould confide the government, he replied in nearly the same terms as were employed by Louis XIV. on a similar occasion, " I will govern myself !" — and it is proved more strongly still by the manner in which he crushed the spirit of revolt in his empire, and moulded everything to his will — a difficult task ! In foreign policy, too, his energetic spirit has manifested itself, as well as in personal or domestic matters For example, when his own empire was only just beginning to recover from the mighty convulsions which threatened it with destruction, he positively ordered the King of Prussia not to accept the crown of the German empire, offered by the Parliament of Frankfort, and prepared to support .his order, arms in hand ; .'on a later occasion, he bullied the same King into compliance with his views on the Zollverein question ; having, as he thought, cause to complain of the conduct of Lord Palmerston in Italy, It a wkn/1 a 1-» Anitnti av\ a 4- -fl-»nr\«v l w 41% a "Pii /%A A'P o T% n lie UittUC 11 V UCDlltttlUU. a»U ujlllg 111 lUC ittvo VI being unable to do anything more serious, he tormented by all manner of means Englishmen travelling in his dominions, put slights on our Ambassador, refused to do the Queen the honour of sending an archduke to announce his accession, as he did to the Sovereigns of other great countries, and rudely declined to allow a deputation from his army to attend the funeral of Wellington ; and all this display of undoubted " pluck," as we call it in England, he has just crowned by turn ing against his quondam saviour and ally, the Czar, and by preparing to take an active part in drubbing him. Doubtless the violation of his solemn promise to give his people con stitutional liberty is deserving of censure ; but impartiality requires the admission that it was very probable that this liberty would have loosened the bonds which bind the numerous and divergent provinces of the empire into one great whole, and "that was a result which a person in his position could hardly contemplate with patience. Even his stern cruelty may, perhaps, to a certain extent, be considered at not without some excuse, when it is called to mind that both the spirit of vengeance and the spirit of fear — vengeance on a revolt that nearly rent the empire asunder, fear that the revolt might be renewed — combined to make him think it necessary. In other respects our youthful Majesty is not undeserving of admiration. He cares little for the pomp and parade, and gewgaw splendour of the imperial state ; is remarkably simple in his personal tastes and dress ; is sparing of the pleasures of the table ; contents himself with a couch as hard as was that of Wellington ; is an early riser ; and is passionately fond of. hard work. Like other young men, he has not been indifferent to the charms of female beauty, but has never made devotion to the sex an excuse for vice. Without being a savant , he is remarkably well informed, and speaks several languages with -fluency and grace. No roi faineant is he, and all the more important business of his government passes through his hands. He pays great attention to military matters ; indeed, he is a thorough soldier, and loves the soldier's calling. He is never so happy as when passing reviews or inspecting barracks ; _and it is no unusual thing for him to appear at the early morning parades when quite unexpected, and to rebuke, and even place under arrest, officers who may be guilty of the slightest neglect. In manner; and bearing- he affects soldierly bluffness, and smoke qigars all day long like a trooper. All this makes him a great favourite in. his army. Whether, however, he possesses the qualities of. a general, he has thus far had no opportunity of showing ; "but he possesses the true soldier's disregard of personal luxury, and the true soldier's bravery. Of his courage, indeed, he has given»striking proofs. At. the battles of Santa Lucia and Cuptozza he rushed headlong into danger ; and at the latter was so rashly brave that old Marshal Radetzkv deemed it necessary to punish him by placing him under arrest for 12 hours. On another occasion, he had arranged to go from Vqnice to Trieste in' a small vessel. Just as he was about to set out, a violent tempest arose, and he was earnestly entreated to wait until it had subsided ; but remembering (it may be) that Caesar had bravely defied a storm when going from Apol- lonia to Brundusium, he put to sea, and after a frightful voyage, arrived safe, though the vessel which accompanied him was wrecked. What, however, will perhaps be considered one of the most pleasing traits in his character, at least by the fair sex, is that, regardless of the cold etiquette, and colder reasons of state which generally accompany the marriages of Sovereigns, he fell head over ears in love with a young Princess whom he met for the first time at a family party ; flatly declared to the Archduchess, his mother, " I will marry her, and nobody else !" put an end at once to any negociations which he had opened for a marriage with another Princess ; paid his suit to his fair charmer, anil, being accepted, was, in due time, wedded to her. And now to conclude. Carefully weighing the good and bad points in the Emperor's character, we should say that, under present circumstances, he is admirably qualified for restoring the tottering empire of Austria to her former power and glory ; hut that he will never render his people contented and happy, and will always rule them with a rod of iron ; that it is by no means impossible that he may gain the admiration of Europe, but that he';has not the slightest prospect of ever enjoying her esteem ; that, in a word, he may turn out to be one of those Princes who are not without claims to be called great, or, at least, eminent, but whom .it would be a cruel derision to designate as good. to be continued. 