THE THEATRES. The ' Corsican Brothers' has been drawing average houses at both the theatres during] the past week, though we question if the attend* anno has been sufficiently numerous to recom pense tho managers for the heavy outlay con sequent upon the production of a piece, so expensively mounted and employing so many supernumeraries. On tho whole, perhaps, ! the circumstance is not to be regretted by tliose who aro anxious to seo the thcatro fulfilling its legitimate- functions)- and the_actor. occupying his rightful position. Spectacular display and scenic decoration ought to be tho accessories,, and not-. the main attractions of a drama.' .It ' is not.- a .subject for congratulation When thi' talent of the actor is subordinated to the'- skill1 of the mechanist. Neither is it desirable that' the supernatural element should constitute .the t main, instead of tlie minor, interest of a piece. If the melodramatio writers for tho French stage were to adapt 'Hamlet' or 'Macbeth', ' for ? representation at tho Theatre Porte St. Martin, they would no doubt subordinate every cha racter in the former tragedy to tho Ghost, and'1 in the latter to, tho Witches! It must be evi- ' dent that tho truo sphere of the drama — in the. highest manifestations of tho ? playwright's, genius — is human life ; and in the lower, social, manners. What is external to thoso can only bo rendered available for dramatic .purposes, incidentally and sparingly. The super-natural'' is ineligible as the ground- Work - of a pla!y, simply because it is ' the supernatural. The truo dramatist must derive his inspiration from nature and appeal for approbation to the natu ral sentiments of thoso who, rpcpgtnse in his productions both tho impress and tlici roflex of nature. Otherwise, he. will survivo tho roputa tation of his. own dramas, and his name will pass into oblivion with tlio samo celerity' with' which the stago carpenter converts, the pro-; pertie's to othor uses, or tho scene-painter transforms tho dungeon portals into the folding doOrs of a ' drawing ,rooin. - Hence, we . may safely predict that tho 'G.orsioan Brothers'.' can never attain more than an ephemeral popu- larity, and will afterwards pass into the limbo of forgotten things. The secession of Miss Catlicart from tha Olympic has occupied sojne little attention, besides furnishing employment; to the lawyers, during tho past week. The general .opiuion (if indeed the general opinion . upon , so trivial a subject is worth; recording,) appears .to be that tlie step stie nas t a icon nas peen ' in aavised, and is not calculated to elevate her in tho estimation of the public. The 'Courier of Lyons' is announced for per formance, for the first, time; thia evening jit the Olympic ; and the 'Corsican Brothers' is. to'bo repeated at thc Theatre lJuyal. ? ? ? 