THE ERUPTION OF VESUVIUS. Naples, May 1. — At length Vesuvius is be« ginning to make active demonstrations. Vin cenzo Cozzolino, the most intelligent of the euides, reports that, on ascending the mountain this morning, the new crater was in a great state of eruption. On his arrival at the summit it opened as if with a discharge of a thousand pieces of artillery, and burning stones were thrown out. Tho stream of lava is very large. So tar I had written, when, on passing up St. Lucia, at raid-day, the whole of the mount appeared enveloped in smoke, which, as it rose, was swept away in mighty volumes in the di« rection of Capri. There was one spot, how- ever, where, during the daylight even, it wna easy to see a triangular sulphurous-coloured plane almost blending with the cloud, and yet evidently distinct; from it, being the definite unchanging outline. About 8 o clock, it being a most gorgeous moonlight night, I determined to go down to the Mole and watch what pro gress the mountain was making. On turning round the corner of the Swiss Barracks, the whole heaven appeared to bo in a blase. , Thou sands of people on foot and in carriages won thronging down to see this wonderful sight ; and hurrying on, 1 took my station near the shipping. Through the tracery of the rigging of the gently heaving vessels I looked on one of the most splendid sights I ever witnessed The mountain was invisible ; not a line wai there to mark its form — all cloud and smoke, and smoke and cloud. Large round mosses black as Erebus, though tinged, vwitl; white, formed the outline of tho spectacle The lower Btrata of cloud wore all oh fire, with the exception of a huge black syphon in the centre, which marked the shower of ashes, stones, and lava that was being thrown up, Lower down one could see by its brightci colour the stream of lava Tolling down, an'] every now arid then; by its increased brilliancy, telling of some fresh object yielding to its poweV. The base of the mountain was enveloped in dark clouds. Between the mountain and my self lay the sea, so tranquil that but for the winking of its thousand eyes one might have imagined it dead ; whilst the brilliant moon above us, which here appears to bo suspended in the atmosphere, not stuck upon a blue can vas, threw over the whole scene its softened light. The fire might have been seen to greater effect liad there been no moon ; but the other features of the wondrom scene would then have been lost : the ghosts of reisels sailing heavily along under the mountain — the volumes ol cloud and smoke rolling away over the sea— . the spectral cities which wire dimly scon fringing the base of Vesuvius, arid sleeping in fancied security, whilst ruin is impcrfding above their heads. The lava has dsscended very low, and is making rapidly for a small village. The spectacle was rendered icore imposing by an eclipse of the moon, which took place at two hours and a lialf after midnight. — Corretpon* dent of the Alknaum. Naples, May 6.— I sent you, two days since, a report of the eruption of Vesuvius. When I last wrote I had not been up the mountain. Tho next night I started in a carrozzella, forming one of a continued lino ol carriages from Naples to tho summit of the mountain. Having purchased our torches at Resina, we turned out of the high road into tho comparatively narrow and heavv route which begins the aseenf . It is formed of loose volcanic dust and pulverised lava; and hard work it is indeed for the weary horses to get along. Oura acted nio3t prudently, by re fusing to advance, so that, dismounting, we took to our legs. A woman might have gone up alone, so dense were the crowds either coming or going ; for be it known that, apart from curiosity, many felt not a little relief at the eruption, as though it had saved them .from the disasters of an earthquake, and were full therefore of joyousness. An we got close under the mountain we experienced something like disappointment, for the elevation on wnicu the Hermitage stands bid from our view the fire and smoke, and the streams of lava, which even from Naples formed bo magnificent a spectacle. As we got higher and higher, the glare of light reflected on the sky became visible,- and by the -time we had got to the Hermitage the grandeur of the scejfo began to open upon us. Pushing on from) this point through cicerones' and donkeys, horses, car riages, and Christians, as bipeds are styled in Naples, we traversed for some distance the road which leads to the cone, when, turnin/j sharp off to the left, we arrived at a point on the Etream of lava where it' forms a cascade. This is about a mile or a mile and a half from it« source ; and here a vast crowd was as sembled, as though it formed the grandest colpo dtocchio. To tell tho truth, your cor respondent labours to write coolly, for such was the magnificence of the Bcene, that were one to trust too much to Ms feelings he would be hurried into what might appear exaggera tion. ^The lava on which we stood was yeater dey a boiling moving stream ; it was still hot to our feet, and taking up the loose pieces of coke, the glowing fire was clearly perceptible l-eneath ; we lit our cigars at it, and played all kinds of practical jokes; and,jiunping orer the fiery fissures, stood by the side of the W oi moving lava. Imagine thousands of tons of coke carted out together, and rolling mass over mass, and some idea may be formeaof the noise^ — not that it was loud, outsat wide-spread incessant sh — sh — sh — sh — liko water over pebbles. When a great accumulation of materials had been formed at tho edgo of the precipice, tho outer blackened crust broke up, nnd. rolling over into the abyss below, bounded from rock to rock down amongst tho chestnut trees, which writhed and flamed up and then fell over. The immcnRt1 body of heat and light which then burst forth nearly scorched and bunded us, and instinctively wo held up our hands to ward it off. The breadth of the stream in this direction is 100 palms, says the Neapolitan journal ; from my observa tion, Iahould say nearer 200 palms. Of coarse »H calculation must be mere guess-wort, as who can measure a fiery flood ? I never wit nessed such mighty results of power apparently unconnected with any cause. It produced the tame impression upon me that the Toledo or the Strand might do were either to take into its head to walk. There wa3 a solid plain, which we might have crossed some eightand forty hours before, now going full drive over a precipice some 30 or 40 feet deep, and then stealing onwards, as it is now, through chestnut groves, and vineyards, and villages, and threat ening places of some consideration. Above the precipice, the stream — or rather two Streams, which are united at the cataract — flows through a plain in a serpentine form, and following back its course we arrived at the foot of the cone. Half way up we came upon the first of seven mouths, all of which throw out either lava or stones, or both. Those which threw out lava bubbled and gurgled over, whilst those which made a greater effort, and threw out stones, kept up an incessant noise, &} that of a distant heavy cannonade. What a foreground was this ! Behind these, in the tUtance, the background was formed of heavy masses of lurid clouds, showing off by a strong contrast the vivid flames in front. The lava flowed down the sides of the mountain in waves of fire, and rolling through the valley we had jost passed, precipated themselves into the gulf above which we stood at first. Of course we ladled up some liquid lava, and fixed ?ome coppers in it, and then were glad to move off. The wind occasionally shifted, and with it that curtain of lurid clouds. Our guide warned us to be off on penalty of sharing the fate of Pliny, a consummation earnestly to be avoided, we thought, however great our raspeet for the old Roman. Since that evening the seven mouths have all resolved themselves into one. The lava still continues to pour down the mountain in the direction of San Sebastiano, Pollena, and Massa di Somma, being the same direction it took in 1822. It has already oc cupied the bed of a river, destroyed much plantation, and is threatening still greater in jury. The Marchese St. Angelo, who has pro perty in that direction, has been removing his furniture from his villa as a precautionary measure. In short, this eruption, though not so effective a spectacle at a distance as the last, is far more imposing when viewed close, and threatens to be much more destructive. — Daily News. 