THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER. PttOQRESSIOS, OCR IltQnTS,. AND OlJli BE800B0ES.' SATURDAY, DECEMBER'29, 185.5. SANDHURST MUNICIPALITY. Considerable interest is excited by the question, of establishing a Municipality in Sandhurst, now brought once more before the public, after having been condemned to oblivion for six months by the stormy public meeting in last June. The ghost thus exorcised, has been duly laid for the ap pointed time, and it now walks the earth again, to the horror of a few of our residents with super stitious tendencies. It is to be presumed that during these six months the utmost pains liave been taken by all parties to make themselves ac quainted with the merits of the question. Delay was asked for in order to deliberate. The gentle men who opposed the establishment of a munici pality, only did so, because they were not prepared for its leception—because, they wanted time for consideration—not because they were absolutely opposed to municipalities in general, or to a Sand hurst municipality in particular. At all events such, was their plea—they wanted time—time to < itudy the .itff jjoyinpirat, and wk'.thcr 'Mx. Wolfe's faiiioua ^atisties were correct or not. Well, they havo had six months to do so—six months of incuba tion upon the question of a municipality, and we shall now see what will be brought forth, or whe ther the eggs are all addled. We hope that Mr. Wolfe himself lias given the said statistics an overhauling, and that he is prepared to discuss this great public question upon the broadest grounds. We will do him the justice to say that lie showed himself as well acquainted with the subject !is any one, nnd we believe that hid objec tions to a inunicipalClv were by no means to the principle, but to certain details in which the dis trict seemed at a disadvantage. The great majority of it.s opponents, however, were stimulated to op position by the breeches-pocket consideration, at all times a strong one. They literally felt the importance of the question in their pockets, and though, abstractly, as fond of well-lighted, woll paved, and woll-drained streets as any one else, practically they were fonder of the present wretched state of discomfort in the township, seeing that it was associated with an apparent saving of money. We say apparent, for in real ity any of our store keepers in Pall Stall will spend as much for the improvement of his premises during the ensuing •twelve mouths without a municipality as with it, without ob'aininjf the same advantage. WifhoK making a bugbear of the idea of a fire in at township, we should be wanting in our duty did we not commend this subject to the attention of the citizens. The recent catastrophe on another goldfield brings home so forcibly to the mind the importance of this subject, that there is no neces sity for any labored remarks. This feet, however, it would be well for (he holders of valuable pro perty in the crowded portions of the township to remember, that it is no use placing all their depen dence in the exertions of the Fire Brigade. Granted that this body is in the highest state of efficiency, and that their resources are all at hand in first-rate order, they will be able to do vory little towards arresting the progress of a great conflagration in the township. An array of tar barrels will burn fiercely, despite all puny attempts to put out the fire by a squirt; and the best remedy is to remove the said tar barrels and get something- in their stead not quite so inflammable. A fire in Sandhurst with sueli an extensive supply of well seasoned fuel as the present houses in the township afford, would, we fear, mock the efforts of a "Cataract," unless one with somewhat of the volume and. dimensions of Niagara, The surest and the safest protection against any conllagration is a radical change in the style of building, and a proper regulation with re fex-cnce to party walls. To continue as at present, and quietly allow thousands of pounds' worth of property to lie enclosed between walls of boards and partitions of calico, and to have no break to the train, argues most extraordinary infatuation. Wo do not wish to impose any hard conditions on the owners of property, or to compel poor people to put up expensive buildings. The present condition of the township would, perhaps, not allow of a strin gent Buildiug Act being carried out, but some re gulation could easily be brought into force which would, at all events, diminish the risks of a tire extending to neighbors' property. "Whether this and a score other important con siderations, with reference to the improvement and safety of the town, could be best served by the es tablishment of a Municipality, or of some other system of local management, we leave to the im partial consideration of the public. All ive ask of them is to reflect, and if tliey bestow sufficient re flection upon the subject we shall Test quite satisfied with whatever they decide upon. But questions of so important a character as this must riot be decided by mere clammour. We. have heard that a .con siderable number of persons are desirous that the subject should be again postponed, among whom is our ever-busy friend 5Ir. England. Now, such a course is extremely childish. In what better po sition shall we be six months hence to discuss the question than we are now, unless, indeed, we have different heads to discus? it ? Why can we not now decide whether it is advantageous to have a municipality or not, and what special virtue is there in procrastination ? If we are too poor to afford ourselves the luxury of local self-government, even with a Government endowment to boot—or if we have a strange penchant for mud, dust, stumps, darkness, odoriferous dungheaps, and com bustible houses, let us say so like men,—confess the soft impeachment, and be allowed to sink back into the delightful, undisturbed society of cheap ness and nastiness. But 110 half-way measures— no compounding with conscience by pretended anxiety for time to reflcct, when we only gratify niggardliness and predilections for dirt. And let us have no tom-foolery about Mayors' gold chains, and sumptuous dinners at public expenses. The question for our consideration is this,—can we afford to take the management of our own affairs into our own hands or not I If >ve cannot, even with what Government aid we can calculate upon, then let us determine accordingly; but if we can, let us undertake the responsibility like men, satisfied ] that those wljo can show energy, and ensure'suc cess, in the management of their private affairs, are quite capable of self-government. At all events, let the citizens come to the consideration of the subject with a de-ire to adopt the most ju dicious course. If the question is properly dis cussed, and, after all, a majority are opposed to the district undertaking the responsibility of local self-government, how much soever we may. regret the result of their deliberations, 'we shall' feel satisfied that the decision was fairly arrived at, and, as in duty bound, shall bow to the determi nation of the majority. 