"Quirks, Quips, Cranks, and Merry Gibes." 'Why is «i blush like a little girl?' ' Because it becomes a woman.' LEGAL INFORMATION*.-If you bite a man's nose off, what are you bound by law to do ? Keep the picce. A MUFF AND A SPOON.-A muff holds a lady's hand without squeezing it.-A spoon meets a lady's lips without kissing them. BEHIND TIME.-' Why is a man who carries a watch invariably too late in his appointments ? '-' Because he is always behind his time. NOT LOST.-' I see YOU are in black are you in mourning for a friend, eh ? ' ' No, I'm mourning for my sins,' replied the gentleman in black. ' Why, I never heard that you had lost any/ was the quick and keen reply. A YANKKE ATTORNEY OX CAPITAL PUNISHMENT. - The following oration was delivered somewhere in Wisconsin, by one of the profession, who would seem to have quite an aversion to capital punishment:-'May it please your lord ship and gentlemen of the jury,-the case is. as clear as ice. and sharp to the point.as ' No ' from your sweetheart. 1 he Scrip ture saith, ' Thou shalt not kill ; ' now, if you hang my client, you transgress the command as slick as grease, and as plump as a goose egg in a loafer's face. Gen tlemen, murder is murder, whether com mitted by twelve jurymen, or by an hum ble individual like my client. Gentle men, I do not deny the fact of my client having killed a man. but is that any rea son why you should do so ? No such thing, gentlemen ; you may bring the prisoner in ' guilty ; ' the hangman may do his duty, but will that exonerate you ? No such thing; in that case you \\\ill all be murderers. Who among you is pre pared for the brand of Cain to be stamped upon his brow to- day ? Who, freemen who in this land of liberty and light ? Gentlemen, I will pledge my word not one of you has a bowie knife or a pistol in his pocket. No, gentlemen, your pockets are odoriferous with the perfumes of cigar-cases and tobacco. You can smoke the tobacco of rectitude in the pipe of a peaceful conscience; but hang my unfortunate client, and the scaly alli gators of remorse will gallop through the internal principles of animal vertebra;, until the spinal 'vertebra; of your anatomi cal construction is turned into a railroad, for the grim and gory goblins of despair. Gentlemen, beware of committing murder. Beware, I say, of meddling with the eternal prerogative ! Beware, I say. Re member the fate of the man who attempted to steady the ark, and tremble. Gentle men, I adjure you, by the manumitted ghost of temporal sanctity, to do no mur der. I adjure you by the name of woman, the mainspring of the tickling timepiece of time's theoretical transmigration, to do no murder! I adjure you, by the love you have for the esculent and condi mental gusto of our native purr.pkin, to do no murder ! I adjure you, by the stars set in the flying ensign of your emancipated country, to do no murder ! I adjure you, by the American Eagle that whipped the universal game cock of creation, and now sits roosting on the magnetic telegraph of time's illustrious transmigration, to do no murder. And lastly, gentlemen, if you ever expect to wear long-tailed coats-if you ever expect free dogs not to bark at you-if you ever expect to wear boots made of the free hide of the rocky moun tain buffalo-and, to sum up all, if you ever expect to be anything but a set of sneaking, loafing, rascally, cut-throated, braided small ends of humanity, whittled down into indistinctibility, acquit my client, and save your country.' The prisoner was acquitted. j DOUBLE ENTRY.-' Mr. Trim,' says a wag, ' how do you keep your books?! ' Oh, by double entry.' ' Double entry' how's that? ' ' Oil, easy enough ; I make one entry, and father makes the other.' CUTE.-c Daddy, why is a public-house like a bad shilling?' 'Pon my word. I don't know,' replied daddy, after puzzling for five minutes. 1 Because you can't pass it,' said the boy. TUB SUN AND YOUR BOOTS.-What heavenly thing and what earthly thing does a rainy day exercise the same influ ence over ? The sun and your boots, for it takes the shine out of both. 