THE ALLEGED MURDER AND FORGERY AT THE VASSE. [We have received from our correspondent a copy of the voluminous depositions taken at the Magisterial Inquiry at the Vasse, which we give in evidence.) Your readers are already in possession of some particulars relating to the inves- tigation recently held at the Vasse, con- cerning the death of John Hurford, late of Fishleigh. It may be well to add, as tending to explain the evidence given at Bunbury, some remarks on the house and neighborhood. The house in which the alleged mur- der was committed, was composed of a kitchen or common dwelling room on the right hand as viewed from the front, door opened to front, window to the right of the door, fireplace at the extreme right; facing it on the left of the entrance, are two small bed rooms, separated only by a low partition, and entered only through the kitchen ; next to those, is the dairy, door opening to the front, a narrow room but extending through the building; on the left hand of the front is the door of a room unfinished, but corresponding with the kitchen, and inside this room on the right of the entrance, is a long narrow room, without window or chimney, imme- diately adjoining the dairy. In this room it was that the late John Hurford had slept for some time before his death. At the back of the house, about 60 yards off, is the new house, where it appears that Mrs Hurford slept, situated rather in the rear of the house, 89 yards to the left, were the haystacks, and about 100 yards in front of the house, a cottage occupied by John Guerrier as tenant of Mr Hurford. The family as referred to in the evi- dence consists of the deceased John Hur- ford, his wife, and her three children by her former husband, viz., Thomas Larkin, aged 19, Bridget, aged 11, and Neddy. The deceased had purchased another house, mentioned likewise as the new house, some miles nearer Busselton, and to this he intended to remove in conse- quence of the unhappy state of affairs at his own house. I now proceed to lay before you the substance of the evidence, elicited during an investigation lasting from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. each day on the 24th, 25th, 27th August, and occupying a considerable portion of the 28th. On Friday, August 24th, Bridget Hur- ford, Philip Dixon, and William Enoch Dodd, were charged by Inspector Hogan with being concerned in forging a certain document, purporting to be the will of the late John Hurford, dated April 8th, 1855, witnessed by Philip Dixon and Enoch Dodd. H. J. Kerr, the first witness, deposed that to the best of his belief the signature on the said will was not in the writing of the late Mr Hurford, being written in a firmer bolder hand, decidedly different in the formation of some of the letters, and contrary to the custom of deceased, signed at full length John Hurford ; and from the state of his health when he last saw him, on Friday, April 6th, was convinced that he could not write his name in the same bold hand as the signature on the will. George Chapman, (in like manner re- pudiating the signature), deposed further to the serious quarreling between the de- ceased and his wife. Deceased had often told him he would never leave his wife a farthing ; he had expressed to him his wish to sell his property. David Earnshaw, having often seen Mr Hurford write, was convinced the signature on the will was not his writing ; had been present as a juror at the inquest on the 10th April when the will was ex- hibited, and then told Mrs Hurford " he would not give so much for the paper then as before it was written on," thinki- ing the signature a forgery. Mr Hurford had frequently complained to witness of the treatment from his wife, and so late as April 6th said, as he often had previously, that he would not leave her anything. Witness knew R. Larcom as an old ser- vant of the deceased; Mr Hurford told him he would leave Larcom a few head of cattle, but not any money, as he would squander it away, Witness had been to Fishleigh a week or so before Mr Hur- ford's death, intending to purchase the property ; did not come to terms, but Hurford said he would sell it and live by himself. George Guerrier, police constable, knew the writing of J. Hurford, did not believe the signature to be his; about a week after his death was at Fishleigh, and got a receipt from T. Larkin for £3 ; he signed with a lead pencil saying, there was no ink in the house he could get at. Saw Hurford during the week before his death ; he complained of his wife's ill treatment, but said nothing about the disposal of his property ; saw the will at the inquest, thought it at once a forgery; believes that he then made the remark that " the same person who wrote the will, signed it," but took no exception to Dodd's signature. Had witnessed wrangling be- tween Hurford and his wife, but no blows; not likely that he would (as con stable). Andrew Norman was frequently in the employ of deceased, and constantly for the last year of his life ; had usually done all his writing for him ; always when at home; knew his signature and believes that on the will is not his, as he never knew him to " paint his letters," i.e. go over them twice, there was no ink in the house at the time of Hurford's death; used to borrow from J. Guerrier or H. B. Bryan. Witness left the house from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. on the 8th April, being told by Thomas Larkin that "Mayor wished to see him ;" Mayor lived 2 miles off, he had seen him a day or two previous and now he did not seem to have anything to say to him ; on his way met Dixon going towards Mrs Hurford's, carrying some biscuits sent from Mrs Bryan to the deceased ; after witness returned Dixon did not go in and make Hurford's will, he is positive of that ; saw deceased at 8 p.m. sitting up in bed ; Mrs Hurford was pre- sent and in course of conversation said "you don't like Tommy;" deceased re- plied, " I don't dislike the boy, I only wish him to work:" Mrs Hurford rejoined " you don't like Biddy and you don't like their mother." Since witness had been in their employ Hurford and his wife fre- quently quarrelled; generally Mrs Hur- ford commenced. Deceased had frequently told witness he would not leave his wife a farthing ; he seemed fond of R. Larcom, and had told witness he would not leave him money because he would squander it ; always said he would leave him cattle, but so bound that Larcom could not make away with them. Witness was writing for deceased the week before his death, and having no ink, made some of red berries; they always used steel pens and he did not know of any quill pens in the house. Deceased had spoken to witness about writing a letter for him to friends in England on the 9th ; believes he would have been employed to do the writing it at home ; Dixon had never been so em- ployed by deceased, who did not like him on account of some English letters which Dixon had received from the post office and failed to deliver, neither had Dodd been so employed ; 6 weeks before his death, after a quarrel with his wife, de- ceased told witness the first thing he would do when he got into his other house, would be to have his will legally drawn out; he did not say to whom he would leave his property. Witness did not ask Mayor on Sunday the 8th, but on the day following he did ask him whether he had sent for him, and he said he had not ; it was solely on account of Larkin's message he had gone to Mayor's ; previ- ously he had not left the premises for a month ; met Dixon half a mile from Hur- ford's house ; had no conversation with him ; did not see the will till the inquest, shown by Mrs H. ; heard of it first on Monday, the 9th, when Guerrier asked for it and Mrs Hurford refused to show it. By the prisoner B. Hurford- You might have had ink in your house in your box that I did not know of, but you sent your children to fetch the berries to make ink. By prisoner P. Dixon-I was about the house all the time after I returned home, and in and out of deceased's room, am confident he made no will; you were alone when I met you, Mr Bryan was 3 or 400 yards behind. By the Court-I was never told by deceased that he wanted Dixon at all; de- ceased had no foolscap in the house, only letter paper. John Green well knows the writing of the deceased and believes the signature on the will is not his, confirms statement of last wit- ness about borrowing ink, the quarrels between Mr and Mrs Hurford; has frequently heard deceased say he would not leave her a farthing; rents mostly the whole of Hurford's land; was at Hurford's house on the 8th April till near sundown, saw P. Dixon there about 2 p.m., and about sundown again noticed him hid in the dairy, think he must have been there about two hours ; saw Mrs H. several times go into the dairy to Dixon, before that saw them talk- ing together by the chimney of the new house for some time, did not see any paper about, all the party appeared to be drinking that day ; have a written lease signed J. Hurford. By Prisoner Bridget Hurford-Have been in the dairy myself when a servant there ; do not know what Dixon was doing in the dairy. By P. Dixon-I saw you about till close on sundown ; Mr Bryan came first, you after- wards, did not see you go into Mr Hurford's room after you came out of the dairy, did not see Mrs H. come out with pen, ink and paper, nor see you and her go into deceased's room, I never saw you come in or go out of that room : I was standing at the cart when you came out of the dairy. George Jones is certain the signature on the will is not that of John Hurford, had been intimate with deceased for some time, had often heard him complain of his wife, had heard her abuse him, had heard deceased ex- press the same intentions about his property and the making his will, as already deposed to by previous witnesses ; the week before his death, deceased told witness he should leave his property to his nephew John Hurford ; did not go to Hurford's house all day after leaving it on the morning of the 8th April. By Prisoner P. Dixon-I never knew Mr Hurford get other people to sign his name; I was at John Green's house all the Sunday. The three prisoners being now called on to make any statement if they wished it, Bridget Hurford said " the will is no forgery." W. E. Dodd declined saying anything. P. Dixon then entered on a lengthy statement delibe- rately told and showing the most perfect re- collection of minutiae, the gist of which was that on the 8th of April Mrs Bryan told him Hurford wished to see him, on which he went to Fishleigh accompanied by his master, S. B. Bryan, and visited the deceased together; Mr Bryan was asked to do some writing but de- clined on account of his eyesight, and sug- gested that Dixon could do it, deceased ac- cepted his services; Mrs Hurford brought in the paper (foolscap), Bryan left the room, de- ceased sat up in bed and dictated the will, Dixon wrote it, deceased read it over and called for Bryan to witness, but Dodd was standing outside and would do as well, he was called in, deceased signed the will on the bol- ster and it was then signed by the witnesses Dixon and Dodd, Dixon then wished the de- ceased good bye and returned home; told Fen- nell, a fellow servant that night, that he had made Hurford's will, but did not mention it to his master S. B. Bryan. Such is the his- tory of the will ; the remainder of the state- ment is of little interest. the prisoner then called William Fennell—Who recollected Dixon going to Hurford's, and that he returned that night, that he told witness he thought Mr Hurford's time was short, believes that Dixon said deceased had been speaking to him about his will, cannot be certain of the words. By William Hogan-Dixon said Hurford said something to him about a will: Mrs Bryan did not go to Mr Hurford's until after dinner. Samuel B. Bryan-This witness was suffer- ing from a peculiar indisposition of the head which compelled him to leave the Court on the 24th, on the following day however he was again sworn and gave evidence under protest that he was not in a fit state ; it was lengthy, but with a short sight and much shorter me- mory, very little to the purpose, not essentially differing from the prisoner's statement but in no material point substantiating it; witness had recommended the prisoner from his em- ploy to Mrs Hurford on increased wages ; could recollect after much reminding, that Mrs Bryan had told Dixon in his hearing what Hurford wanted him about, viz., the lost let- ter: the deceased had often spoken to him about his property, the last time about twelve months back when he had said "if they would but be quiet they might have it all when he was gone," did not know who he meant by that, he thought the signature on the will looked like Mr Hurford's. This completed the case and the three pri- soner's were fully committed on the charge of forgery. The same three were at once brought forward again on the charge of murdering the deceased, and at the request of Inspector Ho- gan, Philip Dixon was at once discharged there being no sufficient evidence to implicate him; he at once applied for bail, but as this was not to be managed, he returned to his place of retirement soon to reappear on the stage in the somewhat strange character of a truthful witness. It was already 2 p.m. on the 25th, when the forgery case ended, no time was lost in the transition to the more unpleasant subject, the manner in which John Hurford came by his death. The first witness George Jones deposed to the following facts — About two months previous to his death the deceased came to Green's house in the middle of the night, having been violently ejected from his bed by Mrs Hurford, and begged to be allowed to sleep there and did thenceforth constantly share the bed of George Jones until the room was required to store barley in, and deceased was compelled to return to his old quarters ; he then prevailed on Jones to come there and sleep with him, Jones did this every night until that of his death, when he was deterred by a message brought from Mrs Hurford by her son Neddy, that deceased was dangerously ill and could not have him to sleep with him; on Good Friday deceased rode to Busselton and back, and at night com- plained of a pain in his chest from fast riding, was a great deal better and easier on Saturday morning, and on the Sunday morning, when witness last saw him alive, was better and in- tended to get up ; witness slept at Green's on Sunday night, at 12 p.m. Peter Wellington brought word Mr Hurford was dead ; witness at once went up to his house, found Mrs Hur- ford and Dodd dressed. Had witnessed dis- putes between deceased and his wife, a few days before Mrs Hurford had offered to strike witness with a fryingpan but was prevented ; heard her express the satisfaction it would give her to kill both witness and deceased ; believes deceased slept with him for protection, had been told by him he would sell his pro- perty just to get away from the place. Re- turned to the house between 8 and 9 a.m. on Monday; assisted in laying out the corpse, observed some red stripes on each side of the throat but made no mention thereon, was called as a witness at the inquest on the 10th, the marks had then turned blackish, observed no other marks, had never previously seen any such marks on deceased's neck nor heard from him that his wife had scratched his neck ; he had told him that on Sunday, the 1st April, she had tried to force a dishcloth into his mouth, that he fell down and she kicked out two of his front teeth ; deceased had no bed of his own but shared mine; Mrs Hurford did not sleep under the same roof but at the new house, her men Peter, Norman, and Dodd slept in the old house, never saw Mrs Hurford in deceased's room when I went up there at night, deceased usually had his meals with his wife ; I thought little of the marks on the neck till my attention was called to them at the in- quest and noticed the change of colour they appeared to me like a 'grip.' John Green, master of the last witness, cor- roborated his story of deceased taking refuge with them ; on the 8th, about 10 a.m. went to see deceased and found him in bed, he said he was much better ; asked me to take some bar- ley in my cart to his new house on the follow- ing morning and said he would go with me, he was afraid to stop where he was ; that same night; heard the message to Jones not to sleep with deceased ; could scarcely believe it when he heard from Peter of Hurford's death as he did not appear at all like a dying man when I last saw him ; was present on the 1st April when deceased and his wife had a tussell, looked in at the window, heard nothing of de- ceased being marked on the throat then and must have seen it if such had been the case ; am aware that he purchased his new house in order to live separate from his wife ; that he intended to sell his property and several peo- ple came to view it. On the 8th went pur- posely to see deceased, he did not appear to be in pain but said he was sore from riding ; he was not short breathed and sat himself up in the bed while I was with him, there might have been scratches on the throat without my seeing them ; I saw them on the Monday like scratches of a pin or a nail ; helped strip the corpse but saw no other marks ; when I first saw Harford after death, he lay on his back, and the bed clothes were as usual, neither Mrs Hurford nor Dodd appeared the worse for li- quor at that time ; on the 9th Jones mentioned to me that there were marks like finger marks on deceased's throat. Peter Wellington, a malay, servant to Mrs Hurford, deposed-Saw deceased on Friday evening, not complaining, and again on Sun- day, (8th) afternoon, sitting up in bed, he said he was not very bad but rather weak and stiff in his legs ; after this Mrs Hurford sent me for grog from Busselton, but I did not go as I could not get a horse, had supper after dark and then sent the native for my bed and put it between the door and the fire (in the kit- chen) and laid down, about 9 p.m. T. Larkins laid on the form, Mrs H. woke him and sent him to bed ; she said she was afraid to sleep in the new house that night, Norman offered to sleep there and at Mrs Hurford's desire took her daughter with him; I heard Norman ask Mrs H. how Hurford was, she said "about the same" and then soon after "I will bet you something he will be a dead man by to- morrow ;" she was not laughing at the time ; she, and most of the people were in liquor ; after Nor- man and Larkin had left, Mrs Hurford sent Dodd for some water and went with him ; in about five minutes they returned, Mrs H. bringing a lamp and a decanter ; she then held the lamp over me and the native boy; I pretended to be asleep; she then poured something out of the decanter into the cup, gave it to Dodd and he drank it. ; she then said "go on now," he went out, she replenished the cup from the decanter and a black bottle and went out with it; did not see her drink anything herself. Shortly she returned and again held the lamp over me and then sate down in the doorway and made a splashing in the bucket of water ; I went out for a few minutes and returned to my bed ; she watched me out; when I came in she was sitting on the box ; she then went back to the door and made the same noise with the water; then she trimmed the lamp and looked at me again ; then went out for a bit ; returned, looked around again with the lamp and then went back to the door and made the same noise with the bucket ; after this I heard a noise in the direction of Mr Hurford's room like his door which dragged on the floor, then a shout like that of a person choking, coming from the same direc- tion ; Mrs H. must have heard it; she did not go to see what it was, but made a louder splashing than ever; soon she went away I know not whi- ther, and after a good time returned with Dodd ; I heard them stop and talking outside her door, but did not hear what they said. When they came in she said " call Tommy up," she told him Hurford was dead. He said "better call Norman up;" I called Grum and Jones ; went in to see the body with Tommy, Norman, and others : Norman re- marked the body felt very hot ; Dodd suggested applying a looking glass to the mouth ; Norman did so, looked at the glass and said " oh he is dead ;" Dodd said " he is dead safe enough." I did not think it was all right on the Monday morning ; I went for wood for the coffin ; Donald and Tommy were sent by Mrs H. to fetch grog ; the first time I saw marks on deceased's throat was on Tuesday: I was much astonished ; they seemed like the marks of a hand scratched with the nails, of a blueish flake and seemed fresh ; I must have seen them if on his neck any time before his death. This witness likewise spoke of deceased. as intimating to sell his farm, and as having said "he would pay out Mrs H. for her kindness." Was a witness at the inquest : 'usually slept at the haystack, but come in that night on account of the rain ; I did not take off my clothes : it was not usual for Mrs H. to remain during the night with deceased ; on Sunday, the 8th, I returned to din- ner at 1 p.m. ; several persons were about : Mrs H. and Dodd appeared to be in liquor; I had no grog at all that afternoon, Mrs. H. seemed not to be washing anything, merely making a noise with the bucket : she did this three times at intervals ; I am certain her words to Dodd were " go on now," he went out directly and I did not see him again till he came in with her after Mr H. was dead; I mentioned those words to Mr Bussell at the inquest, because I suspected something was wrong : I was wide awake all the time. After the death of deceased, but before the inquest, Larkin told me not to come there any more " as I had told about something being done to Mr H." When Mrs H. came round the house it was from the direction of deceased's room ; Dodd was dressed in the same manner both when he went out, and when (after the death) he returned with Mrs H. ; he usually slept in the small room close to the kitchen door : he did not go into his room at all. Andrew Norman fully substantiated pre- vious evidence as to the health of the deceased up to the morning of April 8th, and further deposed that on the 7th Mrs Hurford went to Busselton; he slept that night at the new house at the little girl's request. On the forenoon of the 8th, Mrs Hurford returned ; seemed as if she had been drinking ; appeared rather kinder than usual to deceased in at- tention and manner of speaking to him ; hi- therto little Biddy had usually waited on him ; on my return found household much as usual. Peter was sober ; heard Mrs Hurford send Neddy with the message to Jones before sun- set ; still saw no difference in the health of deceased ; Mrs Hurford seemed very anxious to know where I was going to sleep that night ; I attributed this to my having left my bed over in her room, we all went in to see de- ceased; Mrs Hurford seemed very tremu- lous as he looked at her ; deceased told her he was in no pain " but this nasty aching cough jars my breast" ; before I left the room Mrs Hurford asked him would he take a little wine hot; I never heard her propose such a thing before ; she mulled some wine in the kitchen and took it to him; seemed more kind and attentive than before, and I thought she wished to make it up with him ; on her return she remarked Hurford was bad, and she would lay her life he would be dead be- fore morning ; I said it was only weakness, she said, I was foolish, we should see in the morning ; at this time Peter was lying down, Dodd was walking about the room ; she said what was you doing up, why don't you go to bed ; I think Larkin's had retired, and that I asked her who was going to sit up with the old man, offering to do so myself ; she said she was not going to sleep ; she would not sleep in the new house for anything, as she was afraid of "ghosts." On my offering she said, " I wish you would sleep there and take Biddy too. It was the first time she had ever asked me to do so. I retired with the little girl about an hour or 1 1/2 hour after Mrs Hurford came in to fetch my lamp ; I thought this a mere blind, that she intended to sleep with her husband and make friends with him; I then fell asleep; the native Jack woke me saying, "Biddy wanted me." I went over taking the child; Mrs Hurford then told me Hurford was dead; Mrs Hur- ford, Dodd, Noddy, Peter, the two natives, and I think Tommy were there ; went in with him to see the deceased ; could discover no pulsation but said I thought he was only sleeping, the body was so hot; Dodd said "he's dead enough." Mrs Hurford said " he is dead for when we first saw him his eyes were gazing at the ceiling and Dodd closed them." Grum and Jones came up laughing not believing the reported death. I think they declined going in too see deceased. Af- terwards Donald Berin and I fetched from the room a tea cup and a basin ; I think the cup was on the floor, the basin on the bags of barley ; I was in and out of that room during the night; 2 hours after I found the body still hot ; when I put a looking glass to his face I was then satisfied he was dead ; the sweat stood in drops all over his face ; the body was still warm in the morning ; washed and shaved the corpse at 8 a.m. ; saw the finger marks on right side of the throat ; re- marked I would not shave lower for fear of cutting the scabs off the wounds or marks ; noticed these marks discolored when the body was put in the coffin ; attended the funeral on the 11th, and started home with Mrs Hur- ford, Dodd, and Gooch ; Dodd had been drinking heavily, Mrs Hurford was pretty fresh. Witness's story of the return home is far from edifying. A dispute arose from Dodd taking a bottle of grog out of the cart, wit- ness interfered ; Dodd was most abusive to his mistress, threatened to murder witness ; frequently used the words, " I'll do for you," to Mrs Hurford, and " I'll let it out" ; called her aside from the road to speak to her ; wit- ness offered to interfere but was sent away by Mrs Hurford at the instance of Dodd ; soon after Dodd told witness "as soon as he got home he would kick him off," also, that he would not in future stand any more " cheek " from Larkin's; just then Larkin's overtook them and witness called his attention to the language Dodd had been using both of his mother and himself, as tending to create un- pleasant suspicions; Larkin took Dodd on with him, seemed anxious only to keep him quiet; afterwards rejoined witness and ex- plained Dodd's behaviour as the effect of liquor. Could not help saying to him soon after " that it looked very black," he replied he did not think there was anything wrong ; made a similar remark to Mrs Hurford, she put it all down to drink ; I could not forget it and spoke to Dixon who said he did not think there was anything wrong. On the Sunday, previous to Hurford's death, early in the morning, deceased said to me look where that d— b— has been try- ing to throttle me ; I looked and saw some marks ; I am pretty positive that was " early" in the week previous to his death ; I after- wards heard her threaten to scald him, &c;, and about a week before deceased told me he was afraid she would murder him in his bed ; he had arranged to move to his new house on the Monday following his death.; when I came in at 4 p.m. on the Sunday, Mrs Hur- ford was more fresh than when she came from the Vasse in the forenoon ; Dodd was not sober ; Peter was perfectly sober that night ; on the morning deceased rode to the Vasse, Mrs Hurford told witness there would be a death in the house ; when I heard of the death I asked Mrs Hurford if she had been sitting up with deceased ; she said she had been in and out till he told her to go to bed, as she could do nothing more for him ; witness parted friends with Mrs Hurford in June last and was not aware before he left the Vasse that they had laid an information against him about a murder. William Elvirt, police constable at the Vasse, deposed-On the 11th August while in my custody, Mrs Hurford said, "I'll be bound it's that poor unfortunate Dodd that has been saying something about this that has brought it up again," she rode forward and said "Dodd have you been saying any- thing about this." Dodd's reply was I have said nothing. David Earnshaw, last saw deceased on Good Friday, when he spent an hour at wit- nesses house ; he complained of being unable to eat from the loss of his teeth, saying how he had been deprived of them, but he did not mention any injury to his neck; I thought his death rather sudden when I heard of it ; at the inquest examined the body, saw marks (as before described) on the neck and a black patch on the pit of the stomach ; was never quite satisfied that all was right ; Peter Wel- lington was examined at the inquest, but in consequence of the court being interrupted by S. Bryan, his evidence was not fully taken down; deceased had frequently said to wit- ness, of his wife and children, they would drive him to his grave and hag his life out. George Chapman confirmed former evi- dence as to the health of deceased up to the 6th, his intended move to the new house on the 9th, and the marks found on his throat ; believes he said at the inquest that he thought the man's days had been shortened. George Guerin, police constable, sent to Fishleigh on the 9th April, was cautioned to be particular in my proceedings there by R. Heppingstone and Earnshaw ; viewed the body of deceased with Bryan, it was not then cold, at 11 a.m., no examination was then made, saw no marks on the body ; at the in- quest tore open the shirt and saw marks as described by Earnshaw; the jury seemed sa- tisfied with Norman's statement that deceased had shown him those marks on his throat on the 1st. No one but Norman spoke of those marks. On Saturday, the 7th, Mrs Hurford was at my house and asked me .' What have you been doing to Hurford he came home quite ill, and this morning Neddy came and told me he was dying, I went in and he said to me, oh Biddy I am going to another world," then she asked how she would be off if he did without making a will, I told her, con- sidering her conduct she could not expect de- ceased to leave her anything ; very likely she would be better off without the will; on the 9th I asked Bryan if Hurford was smothered with a dish cloth could he detect it ; he said " well no I don't think I could." At the in- quest Mrs Hurford was sober till near the close, Peter's evidence was much interrupted by one of the Jurors Bryan, who was in fact drunk, the brandy was in the house, he got it from Mrs Hurford; I believe Mr Russell asked if Peter's oath had been denied; but that in consequence of Bryan's objection. Henry S. Kerr went to Fishleigh April 9th, saw Guerrier there , he said to me "Mrs H. tells me Hurford has left a will," I advised her to shew the will to Guerrier, but she de- clined producing it until the coffin should be nailed down (this had been previously deposed to by G. Guerrier), witness was at the in- quest, was struck with the black bruised ap- pearance of the throat, and left doubtful all was not right; the quarrels between deceased and his wife were notorious ; about 12 months back Mrs. H. was bound over to keep the peace toward deceased , witness perceived the effects of liquor on several at the inquest, saw people drinking brandy and had some offered to himself. On Monday, August 29th, proceedings opened with a voluntary statement on oath by P. Dixon before George Eliot, Esq , J.P., on the previous night, and now read in court. In parts it describes a state of affairs at Fish- leigh, far too disgusting for publication, but the narrative is altogether consistent with the evidence given in Dixon's absence, and has so far the appearance of truth. The most impor- tant particulars are as follows:- On April 1st Dixon brought from the Post Office two letters, one English, a large one, the other from Mr Leake, for Mr Hurford, delivered them to Mrs H. who took him to her house, opened them and made him read them to her; Dixon then begged her to give them to deceased ; she said " do you think I am a fool," and tore them up, telling Dixon, if asked, to say he had lost them. April 6th, in the evening Dodd came and asked for the letters, I said I had lost them. On Sunday the 8th, Mrs Bryan brought me word Mr Hurford wanted to see me about the letters, and gave me some biscuit to take down to him. I first saw J. Green and asked where was Mrs H. ? he said in the new house with Dodd ; I went and found them there and gave her the biscuit; Dodd went out; both she and Dodd appeared to have been drinking. I went in to see Mr Hurford, he sat up in bed and asked me about the letters, I told him Mrs H. had destroyed them, he said " what a wicked woman, I will summon her before Captain Molloy," I wished him good bye and returned home near sundown. I was working next day at Scottborne's when I first heard of Hurford's death; same evening I went with S. Bryan to Fishleigh; Dodd was very drunk, Mrs H. not much better, we sat there some time, I noticed to Bryan the singular conduct of Dodd and Mrs H. S. Bryan asked me to return home, I said wait a bit, Dodd now called me aside and offered me £20 if I would make a will, Mrs H. came up and said Gurrier had asked for a will and offered me £20 to make one ; Thomas Larkin came up and said "I know what you are talking about," he gave me some paper; Thomas Larkin and his mother told me what to put in the will, I went home with S. Bryan and Layton and wrote the will that night as follows-" I, John Hurford, de- clare this night that this is my last will. I leave to my wife, Bridget Hurford, the whole of my property during her life, and after, her children shall take shares and share alike, I also wish that Robert Larcom shall have £10 out of the said property." Next morning, the 10th, I took the will to Fishleigh, told T. Larkin I had done it and asked for any papers with deceased's signature, he brought one out with " John Hurford" in full, I copied that siguature on to the will: E Dodd put his name as witness and I mine, I believe first. I gave the will to Thomas Larkin, he gave it to his mother and said it would do well; I went then to the Vasse for 1 gallon of brandy by Mrs H.'s or- ders, found the inquest sitting on my return, was questioned, and Dodd likewise, about the three signatures on the will. That night I slept at Fish- leigh, and all the grog was finished, on the 11th, was left in charge while the rest went the fune- ral, Dodd and Mrs H. returned very near drunk and brought grog with them, Norman spoke to me of something between Dodd and Mrs H. very mysterious, mentioning circumstances which oc- curred on their way home (as already told by Norman in evidence), That Dodd had used the words to Mrs H. "If I thought you did, I'd do I'd do-" Mrs H. asked "what would you do?" he replied "you know well enough " Next morning, the 12th early, woke Dodd to go to work, he grumbled and said to me and to Mrs H. " he'd have no d-d foreman over him," she said she " had brought no foreman over him ," I had entered her service only the previous day. Soon after Mrs H. was summoned to Perth about the will and borrowed of me £3 to pay expenses. On her return I was wanted to go up ; I refused to go saying had I known it would be such a trouble I would have had nothing to do with the will, she said "you could not earn £20 easier you fool and now you will have to do it or you will get us all into trouble ," I went to Perth, after I returned, I, Mrs H., and Dodd, went in a cart to Busselton; Dodd got very drunk, Mrs Bryan returmd with us in the cart, said to me, pointing to Dodd, who lay drunk in the cart, you see what drink is, on the way another man got into the cart, who spoke of Heppingstone having said Hurford had been murdered ; Mrs Bryan said she knew her son would never say such a thing; the man made so free with Mrs H. that I ordered him out; Mrs Bryan left us at Heppingstone's, after we got home Dodd was very violent and abusive to Mrs H., using some very singular expressions about her, I took him to bed by orders of Mrs H. over to the new house, he said to me " Oh ! Phil, you don't know anything about it, I murdered the old man ; oh ! Lord, oh ! Lord, she got me to do it." I said nothing then but next morning asked him in private if he remembered what he had said last night ? he said " Yes, for God's sake don't men- tion it, I was to have 10£. and Turk (deceased's favorite horse) for murdering the old man (besides the 20£. for the will), he said do you remember that Sunday Mrs H. kept giving me brandy and sent Thomas for two bottles of wine and gave me some till I was very nearly intoxicated, I laid down under the haystack (we had been planning the murder in the new house when you found us there), Mrs H. called me and said they were all asleep, I got up and she gave me more wine and brought out a blanket for me to smother deceased with, I knew that would not do and threw it down, I went to the room door but trembled so I was forced to come back: she met me; I said " I can't do it," she said "you have not the spirit of a louse," and gave me another glass of wine; I asked if they were all asleep, if Norman was? she said he was, she had been to the new house ; she then went into the kitchen and kept washing in the bucket while I entered deceased's room, I touched him and he cried out ' Bozlegut, Bozlegut !' I caught him by the throat and throttled him in the dark; coming out I met Mrs H., she asked had I done it ? are you sure for I heard him shouting? if you have not he might get up and have us both taken,' she got a light and we both went in and saw he was dead." Dodd further told witness that every word of Peter's evidence before the inquest was correct, had it been taken down it would have been a case with them, he added " whatever you do don't tell anyone or it will be a job with me." Next day I told Mrs H. what Dodd had told me, she turned quite white, called Dodd aside and spoke to him, afterwards she called me aside and said "For God's sake never mention it to Tommy Dixon ;" I promised I would not. I told Tommy Larkin and he replied "I thought the old fellow died rather quick, don't mention it or they will both be hung ;" Lately Mrs H. has been very much frightened for fear Dodd should split and was most anxious to get him out of the country, and for that purpose gave Dodd 2£ 6s to pay up his passage money and ? his conditional pardon. Further evidence (verbal) in Court Dodd told witness as soon as they saw Hurford was dead they searched the bed and his pockets and found a title deed for some land and other papers, Mrs H. ransacked while Dodd stood by. Dixon's evidence closed the case and the pri- soners were informed as usual that they stood committed and invited to make any statement they wished. On which Bridget Hurford declared-"I know no more of Hurford's death than a child unborn," and then related as follows:-April 1st, P. Dixon gave me the two letters, he had opened them, asked me to give them to deceased, I refused, and he then tore them in pieces and hid them; subsequently he told the deceased he had lost them and a bottle of grog; deceased sent for Dixon on the 8th, Dixon came bringing biscuits in his handkerchief, in one corner there was something like medicine tied up, Dixon took a teacup and mixed this in it in the dairy, and it was medicine from Dr Bryan ; I told him Hurford would have whatever medicine he wanted from Bryan, he said "he'll get none like this;" he went into Hurford's room, I met him coming out, before he saw me I heard him say "you'll never take me before Captain Molley about any letters," he then said to me "I bet anything he is a croaker in the morning." Hurford told me before the Doctor came in that Dixon had given him something and he had been very bad ever since, I think he mentioned this to Dr Bryan, I think Mrs Bryan was by when deceased told Noddy to tell Jones he woudl like to sleep by himself that night. Dixon came next morning (I think), called me aside and said "I have made the will;" made what? I said, he replied "the will;" I said I would have nothing to do with it; he said 'you may as well have a little for your children as no- thing;" I told him I would not take it. He asked me for some of Hurford's signatures and a pen and ink and asked for Dodd; he went with Dodd over to the new house, I did not go, I believe they both signed the will, they came back and one of them gave me the will. I refused to shew it at the in- quest, but Dixon prevailed on me saying it was no harm; when I had shown it he then told me the consequences of the forgery; I told Mr Bussell that was Hurford's will; afterwards I again refused to proceed with the will, Dixon said it was com- menced it must be gone through with; declined going up to Perth because I had no money; Dixon lent me 2£ and I went. William Enoch Dodd stated - I was sleeping under the bay stack when Mrs H. called me and told me Hurford was dead ; I last saw deceased at 8 p.m., asked how he was? he said very bad, that Dixon had been giving him something and he had not felt well ever since, he complained of pain in his chest and being cold and asked for some water, I gave him some and covered him with a sheet and put a blanket under his head; again he said Dixon had been giving him something he did not ought to; I left him and did not go in again till I heard he was dead. H. B. Bryan, called by B. Hurford, a medical practitioner, deposed — Saw deceased on the morn- ing of the 8th, he was very ill, but did not mention Dixon giving him any medicine or having vomited; but heard him tell his wife he had been vomiting, when she asked him. I told Mrs. H. deceased was seriously ill; deceased had before told me of his little fight with his wife and the wounds on his neck. In consequence; he did not show me any marks, merely put his hand to his neckcloth and said he felt a little sore but it would soon go off. From this witness. Inspector Hogan with some difficulty elicited that he had built his dwelling ig- norantly on land belonging to deceased, had previ- ously agreed in writing that if the site proved to be deceased's property, he should purchase it at 1£ per acre, at this price the plot of land he required would be worth 6£ 12s. It had not been paid for nor any conveyance made before Hurford's death. He now considered the land his, having delivered to Mrs H. on her order, one cow and calf in pay- ment ; thinks they were worth £6. My brother sent me to see deceased on the 8th; I did not see Dixon nor did he have any physic from me; de- ceased raised himself up in the bed; spoke feebly; pulse imperceptible at the wrist; did not complain of say heat or burning in his stomach, nor of rheumatism, nor of his ocugh, but of a pain in his chest. I thought this an irriation bordering on inflammation on his lungs; I took no measures to ascertain this as I had before suspected disorder in the lungs from his way of spitting ; he said he did not feel cold ; his room was worse than a gaol cell in point of comfort ; but did not advise Mrs H. to move him to a better room ; I have arsenic, but have never sold any ; gave some to my sister to poison mice; never missed any, but while moving house, my drugs were rather carelessly kept ; did not on the 8th and do not now imagine deceased was poisoned; I did not usually attend deceased, only on that one occasion; I could have discovered if he had been strangled by a post mortem and can- not recollect saying otherwise ; at the inquest I was examined medically; I very superficially ex- amined the body ; I suggested that if there was any suspicion about the death, another medical man should be called and a post mortem had ; there might have been marks on the corpse sufficient to cause death without my noticing them ; I stated the cause of death, " deceased lungs" ; I saw a scratch on the throat on the left side, and Hurford never told me he had a scratch on his throat, I supposed it was done by Mrs H., there might have been in- juries on the throat sufficient to account for death without my noticing them; this scratch did not seem recent; the throat on the right side was slightly discoloured, it might have been by finger marks, a similar discolouration was visible on the right ribs; not like the marks of a blow; might have arisen from pressure; the pressure of a knee; when I felt the pulse of deceased he was lying on his right side. B. Hurford then called Ann Bryan, whose evidence in favor of the ac- cused was rather of a negative character; examined by Inspector Hogan, she completely agreed with Dixon in relating all that passed as they came from the Vasse in the cart, also stated that on the Sun- day afternoon she asked deceased if he had made a will, he said he had not. B. Hurford also called William Conly; but his evidence merely went to show the anxiety of the deceased to escape from his wife's society to his new house. The prisoners were then removed. Thomas Lark was now charged with being im- plicated with the other three prisoners in the forgery of the will; the depositions of previous witnesses having been read over, Phillip Dixon was again sworn. The evidence of this witness, for the most part contradicted his previous statement was to show that while Dodd and Mrs Hurford were speaking to him about the will, Larkin came up and said "it's all right I know what you are talking about," he smiled and said "Guerrier was here to-day and asked my mother for a will, she said she had one in her breast, if you'll make one there £20 for you." I agreed to it and asked him if he had any paper; he said he had and brought me out a sheet of foolscap paper; his mother and himself told me what to put in the will. I wrote that will in Mr Bryan's kitchen on the Monday night; went next morning to Fishleigh; the first person I saw was Larkin; I told him I had brought the will down and he looked at it; "it will want signing now," "Dodd is all right"; I asked him had he any do- cuments of Mr Hurford's ? he brought in 2 or 3; there was one with the name John Hurford in full, (after signing and witnessing the will) I brought it down from the new house, and gave it to Larkin ; he read it and said "It will do well; he gave it to his mother; she asked him was it correct ? He said it was, and she put it into her bosom. On this evidence Larkin was committed for trial, but subsequently released on bail, and so the en- quiry terminated without involving any other of the inhabitants of Fishleigh and its vicinity. On the 29th Dixon started for the town in charge of Inspector Hogan, overland; he is evidently a man fond of conversation, and what is in at the ear or eye is soon out at the mouth ; it is no wise impro- bable therefore that he may beguile the weary miles with farther revelations aa to the manners and customs of the delectable community at Fish- leigh, the agapemone of the colony — time will shew. 