RUSSIA. (From Bishop England's Works.) This vast country contains the principal portion of the ancient Sarmatia, Scytbia, and part of what was Scandinavia. The Tartars and Muscovites in latter times, were the principal occupants of these extensive territories ; and in the inter mediate period, after the emigration of the Goths and Vandals, the Sclavi, the Russi,, the Hunni. the Turci, and various other tribes, extended themselves more or less through these undefined regions. Russia extends through Europe and Asia, and comprises a portion of America. To enter, specially upon the sketch of each part, and combining their outlines to give a view of the entire, is what we shall probably do at a future period. We shall in this number confine our selves to a very brief and general statement of the establishment of Christianity and its decay in European Russia. In the seventh and eight centuries, same know ledge of the Christian religion was obtained by [ the barbarous tribes above mentioned, from slaves | whom they had taken from the civilized nations I in some of their incursions, and from fugitives I and adventurers from those nations. But very I little progress was thus made; some persons, I lirmiorllt to a knowledp-fi of t.hfi rrrfififc mvstoriec nf i redemption, were baptized principally by laymen. In the' beginning of the ninth century, Michael the Stammerer, and his successor, Theophilus, conoclasts and emperors of the East, persecuted the Catholics, especially the holy Patriarchs of Constantinople, Saints Nieepborus and Methodius. Theodora, the widow of Theophilus. administered during the minority -of her son Michael III., 1 whom she educated in the Roman Catholic faith. m About the year 848, the Chazari, who were -a 1 tribe of Turci that had migrated trom the banks m of the Volga, the ancient Dra, sent a solemn I embassy to the regent and her son, with a request I to have some Christian missionaries procured for I them. They were at that time governed by I Clmgans, or Chams, who had regal authority, and I were but one of seven or eight tribes similarly circumstanced. Theodora applied to St. Ignatius, Patriarch of Constantinople, who sent a number of clergymen under Cyril, a very learned priest, who was sur named the Philosopher. Cyril's original name was Constantine ; he was a native of Tbessalonica, noted for his zeal and piety equally as for his I learning. Having instructed the nation, bap 3 tized the Cham, and organized churches, he re ? turned to Constantinople.. 1 Accompanied by his brother St. Methodius, 9 St. Cyril afterwards preached the. faith in several ? parts of what is now Turkey, and in part of the 9 present Austrian dominions ; but from his first -9 mission under the authority, of St. Ignatius, who M kid communion with: and acknowledged the J supremacy of the Pope, the Southern part of what | is now Russia, received the faith. 1 From Bulgaria, where the two brothers spread 1 the light of the Gospel, it penetrated into the I southwestern .parts- of the same empire, then held I by the Sclavi, who had gone southwards. I In the year 802, Rurick,.Sineus, and Tyuwor, I three brothers, came by invitation from the I Warengi, on the borders of the Baltic, and go 's verned the Russi arid Sclavonians in their vici i wty. Rurick, being the survivor, was sole mon 1 arch. He fixed his residence near Lake .Lagoda. I His son Igor transferred, his seat of government I toKiow. Olga, his wife, surviving him, and I going to Constantinople, was instructed in the H faith, and was there baptized : though her son 1 Suastoslas died an idolater, yet her grandson 5 Wladimir the Great, embraced Christianity and 1 Mis baptized ; he married Anne, a Grecian prin 1 «ss, and built the city Wladimiria ; by his 1 means the trutl s of the Gospel were made known I hi another portion of what is now the Russian 1 empire. I The manner in which Olga, who is also called 1 Helena, conducted herself in very delicate cir ? j ^instances is worthy of notice. Her husband I Ihor, or Igor, undertook an expedition against1 I Constantinople, and having been repulsed by the I ?«nerals -jf the Emperors Romnnus and Constan I toe, was slain by the Dreulans upon his retreat; I 'iga, his widow, - then . a pagan, revenged his I ^ath, subdued the Dreulans, and governed her I ''^band's dominions with great prudence. About I JJw year 945, she being then in peace, went to % wistantintiple ; was instructed and baptized by ij^ name of Helena,: leaving the government to i her son Suastoslas. After her conversion slie re I tll«\ed home, and died in the year 970. -Her son I ^'er embraced Christianity, but his son WJadi 1 Jllri or, according to others, spelled Volodimir, i ^ame a Christian, and obtained in marriage ;i 'j»ne, the sister of the two associated brothers 1 ^ Kmperors Basil and Constantine, Nicholas 1 ^rysoberga the Roman Catholic ? Patriarch- of ;i lt'istanHnople, sent, in 987, a number of clergy 1 ™«er the- authority of Michael,- whom be ap il f;'^«d superior, into this country, in which they 1 polished the faith and extended considerably 1 J1? infiU(mce of the Gospel. The title of Volodi I p *as l)ui-e of the Russi. In the year 1 156 I ^Orge, Duke of Russia, bailt Moscow ; and it I ,'aj °nly in the year I 552 that Iwan, or John 1 1., I ** Uie title of Czar, or King of Muscovy. ? ,-, ;it Ri't oi Poland which belongs to thi3 em I C' 'Wes 'ts ^inversion principally to the zealous 1 ;;*«« «i hit. Adalbert, or Albert,' in the first in Adalbert was born in Bohemia in the year 956. and was in baptism called Woytiach, which, in Sclavonian, signifies ' Help of the Army.' Being placed by his parents under the care of Adalbert, Archbishop of Magdeburg, the greatest care was taken of his education, and the arch bishop in confirmation gave him his own name. He was promoted to holy orders in 983 by Dieth mar, Bishop of Prague, and in that same year was appointed successor to this same prelate, who died soon after his ordination. He was conse crated by the Archbishop of Mentz. Finding but little fruit from bis preaching in Prague, he went to Rome and had his resignation accepted by Pope John XV. in 989, and retired into a monas tery ; but in 994 the same Pope, at the solicita tions of the Archbishop of Mentz, compelled him to resume his see ; but with a proviso, that if his exertions there shoald be fruitless, he might re tire whither he would. Profiting of this clause, upon discovering the perfect inutility of his at tempts to bring to practical religion a people who merely listened to and admired him, and were content with the bare and barren profession of the faith, he went to preach to the infidels of Poland and Hungary, and was on terms of friend ship with Stephen king of the latter place, whom be had specially instructed. Being again ordered by Pope Gregory V. to return to Prague, he was refused admittance by Boleslas, Prince of Bohemia, and a number of his adherents, upon which he retired into Poland, where Miceslas was then duke, and whose son and principal counsellor Boleslas, was a particular friend of Adalbert. This Boleslas, succeeding in his wishes of having the people instructed, saw a vast accession to the Christian Church, by the labours of the holy bishop, who was martyred by a body of .Prussian infidels, on the 28rd of April, 997. Duke Miceslas sent ambassadors to Rome, but he died before their return in 999 ; he was succeeded by his son Boleslas I., surnamed Chabri or the Great, who became the first King of Poland. Miceslas, his father, having in 965 embraced the faith upon his marriage with a Christian prin cess, daughter of Boleslas, Duke of Bohemia, and sister to him who opposed the return of St. Adal bert to Prague, caused the introduction of the Gospel into his dominions, which was fully es tablished under the auspices of the son. Still further north was a people called Russi or Rutheni, who were some of the most northern European Scythians ; they derived their pedigree from the ancient Roxolani mentioned by Strabo and Pliny, as beyond the Boristhynes, near the Gatse. The word Rosscia in their language, sig nifies scattering : and they were supposed to be denominated from living not in towns or cities, but scattered over the country. Nations, simi larly scattered, were by the Greeks called Spori, or scattered. About the latter end of the tenth century, a young baxon nobleman, named rJomtace or Bruno, leaving the court of the Emperor Otho III., joined the order of Camaldoli under St. Ro muald, and after a long preparation by prayer and retirement and meditation, presented himself to Pope John XVIII,, to preach to the infidels ; having received the necessary faculties, he was consecrated archbishop of his mission by Tay mont, archbishop of Magdeburg, and passing through Prussia, he entered the territory of the Russi, where he made several converts, having endured much persecution and affliction; he bap tized one of the kings of that place, and several of his people; soon after which, he was seized upon by the infidels and beheaded, together with eighteen of his companions, in the year 1009 ; but the faith continued to make considerable progress after his death. Finland was principallyconverted by St. Henry, Archbishop ofUpsal, in 1151. In the next century, St. Hyacinth, of the order of St. Dominic, a noble Silesian, of whom we made mention in a former number, extended the faith greatly in Poland, ard subsequently passing into Lesser Russia, Moscovy^and the neighbour ing nations, he preached with great fruit until the destruction of Kiow by the Tartars, in 1231, when he returned into Poland, where he remained for some time, and then proceeded to join some other members of his order, who were sent into Trtrtary; and thousands having embraced the faith, one of their princes, together with several lords of his nation, attended at the Council of Lateran in 1245. Having penetrated through .Tartary nearly to Thibet and the East Indies, he founded in several places Christian churches. Thence coming back to Poland, he again entered Red Russia, where he made many additional converts, and returning to Cracow, died in 1257 . In the year 84-6, upon the death of St. Me thodius, Patriarch of Constantinople, St. Ignatius' was raised to that dignity. The Emperor ,' Mi- chael III. was led on, by his favourite' uncle Bardas, to the most shameful excesses of profli gacy. The holy patriarch remonstrated with him, but in vain ; Bardas was, for his criminal habits, driven from the sacraments and excom municated ; his rage led him to threaten to stab Ignatius, but he bethought 'himself of a less .re volting mode of revenge. He persuaded the young monarch that his mother domineered over 'him and deprived him of his just power — re- commended that Ignatius should be ordered to out off her hair, and that of her three daughters, and have them placed in some monastery. The patriarch, of course, refused to perform so irreli gious an act of violenca ; upon which, by the in stigation of Bardas, Michael had his minions to perform the acts of violence, and Ignatius was banished to a monastery in the isle of Terebin thus, where every effort was used to force him to a resignation, which he refused. Photius a very learned, but very profligate relative of the empe ror, was ordained bishop, from being a layman in office at the court, and on the sixth day in truded into the patriarchal chair, on Christmas Day, 858. A synod of bishops met in Constan tinople, and excommunicated Photius, who also proceeded against them, not merely with a similar form, but by force of arms, and the aid of Bardas. We do not here find it necessary to dwell upon facts which shall hereafter be particularized ; suffice it to say that after the unravelling of much deceit, Photius was excommunicated by Rome, which he had endeavoured to- deceive ; and in return, in the year 866, by the aid of the emperor, he held a sort of council at Constanti nople, in which ha excommunicated and pro nounced sentence of deposition against Pope Nicholas, and thus commenced the Greek schism. Bardas was put to death in that year by the em peror, for conspiring against his life ; aud in September of the next year, the emperor himself was slain by his guard, for attempting to depose Basil, whom he had joined with him in the em pire. Basil succeeded, and banished Photius ; Ignatius was restored, and the schism healed, but its effects were not destroyed. Photius, upon1 the death of Ignatius, in 878, took posses sion of the church of St. Sophia with an armed force, and obtained from John VIII. the appoint ment to the patriarchate at the request of Basil, upon conditions which Photius never fulfilled; the intruder was then condemned by John, and by his successors Martin or Marinus, Adrian III.,' and Stephen V. After the death of Basil, his son Leo the Wise, or the Philosopher, suc ceeded, who at the request of Pope Stephen, banished Photius into a monastery in Armenia, where he died. . The union was then perfect be tween the Popes and Patriarchs of Constantinople during upwards of a century; but the schism under Michael Cerularius, in 1053, made a very considerable portion of the East separate from the centre of unity. The vicinity of Southern Russia to Constanti nople, their union for so long a time with that metropolis, from which their forefathers had re ceived the faith, and the similarity of their dis cipline, would appear to cause the Muscovites easily to be led into the separation. The con tiguity of Kiow, the then capital of the Russians, to the city, caused more frequent communications between the Dukes of Russia and the Emperors of the East, so that the court and the principal ecclesiastics, having joined in the schism, it would be more generally adhered to. This, however, was not the case, for we find strong and impregnable evidence, of the Russian churches continuing Catholic during centuries, notwithstanding the unfounded assertions of many sectaries and Catholics to the contrary. We have already noticed that Wladimir, the son of Igor, was the duke who principally established the iaith in Kiow and the rest of his dominions. His successor was Jaroslas, his son, who was succeeded in 1078 by Wsevolod I., his grandson, in whose reign Ephrem, Metropolitan of Kiow, executed the Bull of Urban II. for the feast of the transla tion of the relics of St. Nicholas of Bari, on the 9th of May. His son, Andrew Bogoliski, trans ferred the ducal residence from Kiow to Wladi miria. In 1156, George, Duke of Russia, re covered Kiow, and built Moscow, so called from a monastery called Moskoi, which previously j stood there, and had its name from Mus or ? Muisk men, i.e., is the seat or residence of select : men. Under George II., Duke of Muscovy, in the beginning of the thirteenth century, many of the Russians were involved in the schism, but in 1244-, they were formally reunited to the Holy; See. His son Alexander succeeded in 1246; he j is honoured as a saint in the Russian Church, i and lived and died in the faith and communion of ; the Roman Catholic Church; he is called St.! Alexander Newski, or of Newa, from a great j victory he obtained over the Poles and Teutonic J Knights in Livonia, on the banks of the Newa, 1 wnen he was Prince of Novogorod, in 1241 ; his | death took place in 1262, at Gorodes. The Czar, j Peter the Great, built a convent of Basilian j monks to his honour near St. Petersburgh, and j in 1725, Catherine instituted the second order of Russian knighthood under his name. In 1304, Daniel, fourth son of Alexander, left by his father Duke of Moscow, after, the death of his three elder brothers, became, ruler, and made Moscow the ducal residence. ' In 1415, during the reign of Basil or Vasili II., Photius, Metropolitan of Russia, residing at Kiow, joined in the Greek schism, and being, deposed on that account by a council held at Novogrodek, he retired into Great Russia, and there spread his poison. His suc cessor in Kiow, Gregory, assisted at the Council of Constance. There were then, and had been for some time in Russia, seven archbishops and a proportionate number of bishops. The schism having made rapid progress, in the year 1588 the Archbishop of Moscow was, by Jeremy, the sclnsrrtatical Patriarch of Constanti nople, declared Patriarch of Russia, and recog nised as such by the scbismatical Patriarchs vt 1 . ' ' ? »— — — »^»-»ja ? i . ..»¥,.ii.»i.i«in«]»iw Alexandria, .Antioch, and Jerusalem, upon condi tion that he should be chosen by them. Most of the Muscovites, thenceforward, were engaged in the schism, and joined several heresies thereto. But the Archbishops of Kiow still continued- Ca- tholic, as did almost all Polish Russia, which, since the year 1600, has been under a Metropo litan of Kiow, Archbishop of Ploses, and Bishops of Presmilia, Liceoria, and Leopold ; but in 1686 Kiow being ceded to the Muscovites, they estab lished a schismatical metropolitan therein — Php- tius and Jonas II. being the only preceding pre lates who were not Catholics. , The first Czar was Iwan, or Joh.n TV., inl552. In the reign of Czar Michael Alexis Witz, Nicon, an ambitious and crafty man, was the schismati cal patriarch ; he told the czar that it was a use less and derogatory custom for the Patriarch of Muscovy to seek for confirmation from Constan tinople, or the other patriarchates; that he de rived his power from the Holy Ghost, and ought not to seek it from man. The Czar countenanced him, and he quickly increased the number of archbishops and bishops in the state. Having regulated church affairs to his liking, be next as sumed a right to guide the decisions of the senate, and to direct the Czar in making peace or war, lest he might act against conscience, and insisted that he should decide upon the justice or injustice of the laws previous to their promulgation. The Czar and the senate opposed his pretensions— he would not abate a particle — excommunicated several of the senate, and excited rebellion, in which much blood was shed. The Czar finding the patriarch still unsubdued, assembled a council in 1667, paying the expenses of any bishop in or out of his dominions, who would attend ; it con sisted of three patriarchs, twenty-seven arch bishops, one ? hundred and ten bishops, and one hundred and fifty other Russian ecclesias- .. tics. This synod deposed the patriarch, ordering that he should be confined during the rest of his life in a convent, and fed on bread and water. . That the czar and senate should have votes in the election of the patriarch, who should be amen able totheir judgment. That the Patriarch of Constantinople should have no right to the appellation of head of the Russian Church, nor any authority therein, but such as the Czar should think proper to bestow on him. That no more property should be given or left to converts or churches ; and that the patriarch should have no authority to erect new dioceses or establishments without the consent of the Czar and the senate. 