Hocal Inte'lltoenc e. Tub GovciiNon's Illness.-We are happy to be enabled to to announce a decided improve- ment in the health of the Governor, up to a late hour yesterday, His Excellency was pro- ceeding most favourably. Postal Accommodation.-*-A short time ago we pointed out to the Post Office authori- ties the advantage and accommodation which would accrue to the public by the curly delivt ry of letters and papers by moils arriving on Saturday night, or on Sunday: we nie happy to say that our recommendation has been been adopted, and on the occasion of the arri- val of the mail from Launceston on Saturday night last, no time was lost in allaying public excitement and expectation by the prompt deli- very of newspapers and letters. On Sunday morning also, the office was open for the deli- very of letters, &c;" to the mercantile commu- nity. It is always pleasing to us to notice with approval the attention paid by official function- aries to the interests und accommodation of the public ; and, in the present instance we do so with the greater sa'isfaction no less because the occasion was one of great importance, than be- cause our suggestion has been so readily adopted. Tun Nugget Robbery.»-On Monday, bail for the prisoners, Joseph and Bollinda Moon, was taken before the Police Magistrate and Mr. Forster, when William Fawcett, general dealer, of Liverpool-street, and John Blnkeney, car- penter, of Brisbane-street, were bound in sure- ties of £100 each, and the prisoners in £200, to appear at the next sessions of the Supreme Court. Barbarous Cruelty.-- It is not many weeks ago that we mentioned an act of barba- rous cruelty committed on a valuable mare be- longing, to Mr. Valentine Marshall of Long Bay, by cutting the animal with an axe, or some similar weapon : we have now to notice another case of a similar kind, which occurred a few days ago in the same locality, where two fine working bullocks, the property of a settler named Edwards, were mangled in a brutal manner, one being cut in the belly, the other in the shoulder. In the former instance; had the wound penetrated half an inch deeper, the bowels of the nninirl would have protruded, and its death would have inevitably ensued. Hav- ing enquired into the cause of these outrages in that particular locality, we have ascertained that a number of small landholders have re- cently settled in that district, whose lands are not fenced in, and that consequently - bullocks and other animals will occasionally stray thither : is there not however some more humane prevention than that of cruelly maim- ing the animals ? Tins practice is at once cow- ardly and brutal, and certainly not in accord- ance with the maxim " Do unto others as you would have others do unto you.". -' Deaths of Old Colonists.-We regret to announce the death of Messsrs. Alridge and Bosward, on their voyage to England ; both were old colonista, and esteemed by a large circle of friends. Magisterial Patience.-In the case of John Hunter for stealing Mr. G. Watson's pis- tols, and which came before the Police Bench on Monday (see Police Report) the magistrates, Messrs. Burgess and Forster, exibited the most exemplary patience in wniting for the witnesses called by the prisoner, and who for the most part knew nothing of the matter : Bfter calling and questioning three or four, like the ghosts in Macbeth, another and another still succeeded, and nearly two hours were unprofitably wasted in this manner. At last, Mr. M'Connell the gunmaker stood forth, and informed the bench, that he liad been summoned to the office, for what he did not know, and had been in attend- ance, all the morning, having left his shop and his bustriéss witnoul any one to take care of them ; he complained, and not without cause, of such a proceeding, and thought the summoning officer should exercise more discretion ii) calling upon witnesses to attend who knew nothimr of the case. Mr. Burgess observed that it was no fault ,of the officer ; a prisoner was entitled to summon as many witnesses as he pleased, and in ihe present instance he had exercised his pri- vilege to a great extent Mayor's Court.-Yesterday here was no Mayor'sCourt, in consequence of the attendance of Mr. Giblin being required at the Court of Petty Sessions, for the revision of the » ury List: theie were four informations for trial, which wore posiponcd till Tuesday next, the 9th hist. , ',.,>. Daking Robbery.-On Monday evening, between eight and nine o'clock, some thieves entered the shop of Mr. Phillips on the New Wharf, and succeeded in taking away property, consisting of watches and jewpllery, to the amount of nearly £40. Mr. and Mrs. Philips had left the house to proceed to Dr. Agnew's, with a sick child, leaving no one in. churge of ? the premises ; on their return, in about twenty minutes, they observed á light in the shop, and on entering by the front door, two mell made their escape at the back of the building., It is somewhat remarkable thut nothing was dis- turbed in the shop, except a drawer in which the watches, &c;, were placed, and the till from which a few shillings only weie taken, as Mr. Phillips had removed the bulk of the money before he left the house. It is evident that the robbery was committed by some person well acquainted, not only with the shop, but with the nature of the goods, as some comparatively worthless articles were rejected. Insolvent Court.-The cases on the list for to-day aie as follow:-Benjamin Frankland, adjourned first meeting, and for discharge ; Alfred Charles Rockwell, first meeting of cre- ditors. MiscoNnucT of a TicKET-or-LnAVE Man. -Augustus McGregor, t.l., who had been ac- quitted on Monday, at the Quarter Sessions, on a charge of cattle stealing, was brought before Mr. Fenwick yesterday at the Police Office, charged with misconduct in being out of his dis- trict without a pass. The prisoner stated, that he had always endeavoured to gain an honest living by hard work, aud this was the first time, he had been charged with such an offence : he had a wife and child dependent upon him for support ; he was sentenced to seven days iin prisonmen, with hard labor. Disorderly Characters-Yesterday at the Police Office, Mary Kane, and Bridget Mullins, were respectively charged under the vagrant law, with being idle and disorderly characters, and leading a course of life anything but vir- tuous ; the conduct of the defendants, both of whom were joung women, was described as being very bud, and they were each sentenced to two months imprisonment with hurd labor, with a \io\v, it is presumed, to mend their morals. , ,. "Cranky Mary Hasiiltôn."-A sharp, voluble middle aged littlq woman, who gave her name, as Cranky Mary Hamilton, was charged yesterday at the Police Office, before Mr. Fen- wick with being drunk ; she stoutly denied the charge, and cross-examined the apprehending constable, Johnson, with a view to show, that his conduct towards her was anything but gen- tlemanly: she failed, however, to do so, and also, to disprove the charge of drunkenness ; and, as it was her thud offence, " Cranky Mary Hamilton" was sentenecd to two months impri- sonment with lund labor, for which she earnestly expressed her thnnks to His Worship. Tun Working Classes.- gain we caution the Working Classes ngaii.st the mo\ement now put forth to cajole and deceive them, under a most specious guise, by their worst ene- mies. What on earth, have the \V arkins Classes to do with "sympathising with, and adopting means to support the great mnj.rity j of the Legislative Council," and for what? For passing the Masters and Servant's Act that " atrocious and diobolicnl measure," as it has been justly termed by one of the principal movers of the present ill-timed agitation ; ? For passing the Licensing Act, the Compensation Clause, the Pensions to the Clergy, and "though last not least," the New Tariff i Are these the "noble battles," which have been fought by the " great majority," of the " faithful representa- tives of Tasmania" ? And is it with such men as those, who passed these obnoxious measu- res, that the Working Classes,-the honest industrious, and intelligent operatives of the Colony-arc now called upon to sympathize ? What, in short, has this " great majority" done for the Working Classes ? In the, Cuncil, nothing but evil, out of it, nothing but 'oppres- sion mid wrong : und, now lorsooth, they are called upon to sympathize with their . op p essors ! Wc tell them now, as we told them before, that this scheme is nothing more nor less, than nu "Electioneering Dodge" to advo- cate the political interests of designing men, and to secure their re-election under the New Constitution. By causing the abrupt but inevi- table prorogation of the Council, the best interests of the Working Classes have been ut- terly disregarded, inasmuch as measures most useful to them have been indefinitely retarded : what cause for sympathy, then, can exist or why call upon them to support men, who have so leckk'ssly disregarded the rights and privi- leges of the \v< rking man ? There is more in this movement than h, at first sight npparent, and means have been taken to excite great apprehension, that a serious outrage will take place. Mr Hollis, that great champion (!) of the Working Classes, has informeu us, that several persons have asked him, whether they should come to the meeting armed ! Armed, for what ? To " support tho greut majority"? 'Hie cnquiiy means something and we should like to know from what cause or circumstances, it could have originated. But the Working Classes arc not to he deluded by artful demagogues, whose object, they must plainly sec, is not the " defence of Constitution- al rights anti privileges," but tlie attainment of evil ends by wicked and sinister means. The Weather appears now to have settled into n fine and genial spring season. The late rains, which have, we believe, been general throughout the Island, have proved must ser- viceable to the agriculturist, and we hear most favourable accounts of the crops fioin various pa-tsofthe colony, and the Benson is too far advanced to render the farmers feaiful of frost, or any other check to vegetation. As far as our own obseivntion extends, the gardens in Hobart Town, and itssubuibs promise an abundant crop of fruit and vegetables ; thus Providence has been bountiful of all its gifts, and it is to be hoped, that provisions will be so plentiful as to enable the poor man to avail himself of their comfort ut a reasonable prie«. Witnesses for Prisoners.-On Monday, during the trial of Adams and M'Gregor, on a charge of stealing two cows, the property of Mr. Best, of ' Hamilton, Adams informed the Court that, when he asked in the goal to have some witnesf«3 subpoenaed, he was < n Jr I mgl e 1 at. No notice was taken of this tirante asser- tion ; nor, although the Governor of the goal was present, was there any contradiction to it. Nevertheless we hope this is not true, because no matter what may be the condition or status of a prisoner, he is unquestionably entitled to every reasonable means for conducting his defence, and when* incaicerated in a prison every facility ought to be afforded hurt for that purpose. Fatal Accident to Captan Smith, J.P. -Information was received yesterday from Port Arthur, announcing the death of Captain Smith, under the following melancholy circum- stances : Captain Smith had been on a visit to the Comptroller General, and, on his return about 7 o'clock, was in the act of placing his pipe on the mantel-piece, when he was seized with a fit of apoplexy, and fell into the fire, by which he sustained such severe injuries, as to cause his death in a few hours afterwards. The deceased has left a widow and eight chil- dren to lament his untimely death. Coroneb's Inquest.-Yesterday an inquest was held before A. B. .Tones, coroner, at Mr. Chotley'H, the Gordon Castle, Liverpool-street, to enquire into the death of Hannah Williams, aged 5D years, who died suddenly on Saturday evening, in a house in the same street. Some absurd. rumours of the deceased having been poisoned had been circulated, but from the evidence of Dr Smart, »ho mude a post mortem examination, it was ascertained that she died, from hoomorrhage of the lungs, in accordance with which the Jury re- turned their verdict. 