THE GREAT IRON STEAMSHIP. (From the London Weekly Dispatch.) The' manv -thousands who pass daily up and down the Thames havo had their curiosity excited for soma months past by the gigantic-looking structure of iron which is gradually rising on its left bank, about four miles below London bridge. In the locality familiarly known as the Isle of Dogs, where the river suddenly takes a sweep round three-fourths of a circle, enclosing a mo- rass of more than a milo in length and_ half a milo in breadth, the greater part of which ¡B several feet below high-water mark, some of our most extensive and eminent iron shipbuilders have erected their factories. It is to one of these, at tho southern extremity of the peninsula, that wo wish to conduct our readers. The works aro of great extent, and cover a largo area of ground, which hero, although so well suited to the oporation, and so close to the metropolis, is comparatively «valueless for other purposes. lu Messrs. Scott Russell and Co.'s factory, iron ships and steamers of all sizes aro being constantly constructed, and tho clank of thousands of hammers, riveting >red- hot bolts, and the heavy booming sound of sledge and steam hammers, with tho dense clouds of smoke and bursts of flame which meet the visitor when he approaches the woiks, must'remind him, if ho have any military experiences, of a fiercely con- tested battlo-fiold, whilst it indicates to all the extent and activity of the operations carried on within. The vv hole expanse of the interior of the factory is covered with sheets, and ribs, and bars of iron, ropes and pulleys, winches and shears : railways' to facilitate'tho conveyance of materials, and portable furnaces for heating tho iron bolts, are encountered at every turn ; and irun vessels in every stago of progress-their sterns pointing towards the river-occupy the numerous building slips. But our business is with none of these ; and proceeding to an inner yard, with a wide frontage towards tho river wo como upon the gigantic iron steamship which is now being built for the Eastern Steam Navi- gation Company. The present appearanco of this leviathan, for as yet elie has received no name, isas uuliko that of a ship as can well bo imagined. Four or five lofty walls of iron, -standing sorao sixty feet apart, and supported by other trans- versa walls, would leave one to believe that hero is the shell or framework of some enormous iron warehouses'about to he shipped off to one of our colonies ; and it requires con- siderable stretch of the imagination to believe that these walls form portions of the interior ol the hull of a merchant ship. At one extremity .of the yard stands o flagstaff, on which a union jack is hoisted, which, we are told, will be liei ?stern; anel at the other extremity another, to in dicato her bows ; and between these two points is a space of nearly 700 feet in length ! The pro- ject of building a ship of her extriordinarj dimensions, when first made public, created n good deal of discussion, and, we may add, ridi .culc. It was urged that it would bo impossible "to construct a ship of 075 feet in length of suffi 'oient strength, and that tho first heavy sea she encountered would break her in two; that ne port or harbor would have depth of wa'ter suffi .cient to float her ; and that no amount of steam power she could carry would propel her atar average speed. Nevertheless, the Eastern Steam Company put faith in the calculations 01 their engineer, Mr. Brunel ; Mr. Scott Russell undertook to build her, and she is now more thar half completed. Tho preparation of tho ground on which tb< leviathan ship is being constructed wai in itscl a work of considerable labor and cost.- An em bankment of about 1000 feet in length, and 50( feet wide, was formed along the river side, bj driving massive piles to a depth of-10 or 50 foot and where the greatest weight is to be supported along the line of the keel, the piles wore driven ii at intervals of five feet. The cargoes of two ¿01 ton ships loidcd with earth were then emptici upon those piles, and rammed firmly down, so as ti form a solid foundation. On this platform, whicl is a few feet above high-water mark.solii block of timber were placed at short intervals ; and 01 these blocks, which stand about four feet high, tin keel was laid, and is now carried out its ful length of nearly 700 feet. Tho posi'.im of th Bhip ia about 40 yards from the water, and pir allel to the line of the river, with her head dowi the stream, as it would bo impossible ti turn vessel of her length without great difficulty, evci on the broad bosom of tho Thames. Tho whol of her hul'tcvea to the upper deck, will ho forme of iron plates of considerable thickness, an from her keel to about eight feet above the watei line she will be double, or two perfect keel one within the other, with an interval botwcei them of about thirty six inches. She will liav ten water-tight compartments, nt intervals c sixty feet, andtheso will bo crossed by two-longltu dinal walls of iron, running the entirelengthof th ship, and again subdividing these compartments While adding very materially to the strength c the Indi, these longitudinal divisions will effect th further object of completely isolating mid separo ting tho coal, which will bo stowed in the Bldei from the furnaces, boilers, and machinery, whlcl will bo placed in tho centre. The hulls aro kop in their relative position to each other hy longl tudinal iron stringers or keelsons, at intervals 0 five foot, and in tho event of any accident oecm ring to the outer covering, the inner hull will b strong enough to ensure tbe perfect safety of th ship. The bottom is flat for a distance of twelv or fifteen feet cither side of the keel, which, b' the way, is on a line with the outer hull, nni prevents no obstruction to her lying pcrfectl flat, and without straining, on the floor of a doe or cradle when repairs are needed. The iro plates of which her hull and compartments ar formed are upwards of an inch in thickness, te cfcet long and weigh aboutlialf a ton each. The lowe çartof tbe hold will contain the machinery, boilen «tores, coals, and merchandise ; while the uppe part will consist of three tiers of decks for th pastcngcrs, one above the other, and runnin tho whole length of the vessel. The lowost e these tiers will be at least six or eictht feet abov the wator-line, and tho decks will bo eight fee apart, affording ample space for light and vent lation, the latter being provided for by porl holes of large size, running at intsrvals along th sides, and which can be kept open in any wee ther. For great«? security, there will bo a stron iron deck interposed between the furnaces an machinery below and the passenger departmen above, thus cutting off all communication. Th sleeping-berths will bo ranged round th sides, and there will J» Jargo saloons i the centre for each of the three dccki iÄ ^ct m ^"t?"1" ano of proportioaat width. The upper dcok, which covets all, w11 J» flush from §tpß) to sfern, Thjs dock will nil very materially to the strength of the hull, will bo double, and slightly arched. Its construction will bo cellular, like that of the tubular bridgo across the Menai Strait, and it will resist any amount of strain or concussion that can possibly be applied to it. The prinoiplo on which the ship is being constructed is one which is now recognised nmong all practical and scientifio men,-namely, that the strength of iron dependa' upon tho plates being placed at right angles to each other, and the whole framework of the hull has been arranged with a view to this object. Internally, it.is a combination of iron walls, ten running" transversely, two intersecting these longitudinally, and four crossing horizon- tally. All the walls are strengthened still further at the junctions by solid angle irons ; and the whole of tiiis cellular arrangement is enclosed in a double iron casing or hull, which gives the enor- mous masa perfect rigidity, and a strength which, we are assured, equals what itwould bo if formed of solid iron. The plates, although numbered by thottrands, are all cut out, hi the first instance, by means of wooden models in the moulding loft : each of thecijios ita peculiar list, or inclination and shape, with the number of holes to bo punched ; nnd each of them, as it loaves the roll- ing mill, where it is to be gauged to the sixteenth part of an inch, has >a particular letter and num- ber marked legibly npon it, and by me'ans of this name, which tho pluto over afterwards retains, the workmen, on ita arrival, know at onco its position in tho vast pile, and it proceeds straight to its destination. We now como to the machinery by which the vessel is to bo propelled. She will be furnished both with paddlcwhecls nnd n screw, tho former of a nominal power of 1000 horses ; the latter of 1000 horses ; bul, practically, the combined power may be estimated at 3000 horses. The paddle-wheel machinery is now being constructed in the same building-yard, in which a shed had to bo built for tho purpose of fitting and erecting the engines. The four cylinders in which the pistons aro to work are the largest in the world, and the cast- ings the largest that have ever been attempted in one piece. For each cylinder about 35 tons of melted metal was required ; and, when the dress- ing and clearing of the superfluous metal was accomplished, they weighed 28 tons each. Of these unwieldy masses of Iron, three have been already successfully cast, and without a flaw. For the" castings an enormous iron cofferdam was constructed in the foundry, to a depth of 25 feet ; and, after the mould had been properly pre- pared, into this the contents of several cauldrons of molten metal wore simultaneously poured, and the casting made. Some idea of their great size may be formed when we state that, lying on their sidos on tho ground, a man with his hat on may walk through without touching the upper side j and that a table and scats calculated to accommo- date eighteen persons were laid in one of them, Tlie engines, when erected and put together, wili bo upwards of fifty feet in height. The machin- ery for tho scrow-propollor is being mado by Messrs. Watts, of tho Soho Foundry, and it will be of similar gigantic proportions. To set in mo- tion this powerful machinery, there will bo twenty vast furnaces and as many boilers, the smoke and waste steam of which will be carried off by five funnels. The boilers and furnaces will .occupy five of the central sixty-fcofc compart- ments of which wo have already spoken, and the engines will bo placed in two others. The «.eight of tho-cntlrc machinery will bo about 3000 tons, and of tho hull 10,000 tons, makins 13,000 tons. She will carry, in addition, several thousand tons of coals and merchandise, 100t first class and G00 second-class passengers, ant her measurement capacity gives her somothinc like 25,000 tons burthen ! Notwithstanding bei extraordinary dimensions, her draught of watci will be comparatively small, - not excecdinj twenty feet when light, and thirty feet nhci fully loaded. When afloat she will present ai appearance very different from that of any raer chant-ship yet built. She will carry five or si: masts and five funnels, and will resemble a hugi three decker, Uko the Duke of Wellington, onl; that she will be nearly three times the Duke' length. Tho three decks appropriated to pas scngers will rise, tier above tier, to a height o thirty five feet out of the water; an 1 the rows o port-holes will, nt a little distanoo, present th appearance of a formidable battory of heav artillery. At present about half of her hull ha' been completed ; she will be ready for launchin; next year, and will bo sent into the water, broaei sido in, upon two enormous ways. Her cost wil be upwards of £-100,000. One of the great features in this gigantic undei taking is, that tho vessel will carry coal for th whole voyage out and home; and the quantit required may bo guessed nt when wo state the her voyage will be round tho world. The gre« cost ot coal has hitherto been the obstacle to th profitable employment of steamships on long sei voyages. Coal will bo put on boarl this loviatha at about 10s. per ton, while the cost ofthisnece saryarticloatthe Cape of Good Hope and Australia varies from £2 110s. to £5 per ton, to sny'nothin of the impracticability at times of procuring a I ufl oient supply at any price, and tho loss occi sioned by the delny in coaling, nnd the ri: to tho vessel. It is this which has hithcrl prevented the ordinary class of eteamshi] from competing successfully with sailir vessels in tho Australian trade; and at ti present moment thero aro only two stenmshij trading betwoen England and Australia. Clipper built ships can run the whole way from England to Port Phillip without s'opping, unless short water, or compelled to touch at some port fro some other emergency. Another important o jeet which the company expect to achieve by ti construction of this largo ship is, that they w obtain a speed far superior to that of any otk vessel now afloat. At the recent mooting of t] British Association in Liverpool, Mr. Scott Russell demonstrated that length was one of ti essentials of speed j nud ho believes that it w bo as easy to propel this vessel at l8 or 20 mil an hour as ono of the ordinary size and dime sions at 12 miles an hour. As she now lies on the rivor'a bank, she is n parentiy ono of the most unwieldy-looking m simpen masses to which tho ¿erin "ship " could npplied. On tho water sho will present the o pearnnce and form of the finest and fastest clipp and will cut through the water with compnrativi little resistance. If any of our readers will ta the trouble to mark off upon a sheet of paper length of seven inches and three quarters, und a distance of about three inches from one end, : tcrsect it by a line of nearly an inch in lengi and then form a triangle from this intersccti line to the furthest end, they will ha a very good idea of the length and fii noss of the entering lines of the leviathi Her actual measurements are 075 feet loi 83 feet wide at her greatest breadth of beam, n 60 feet deep in the hold. She will touch at pert between this and Australia,-is expected make the voyage in thirty days,-and return Cape Horn in thirty days moro ; thus malci tho circuit of tho globe in two montliBl i though sbo will carry masts and sails, it is i anticipated that the latter will be found of in« service, as at her ordinary speed of eighteen twenty milea an hour she will bo in the i pleasant predicament of always having the wi in her teeth. Another of her qualificatio which probably was not dreamed of at tho timet was ordered to bo constructed, is, that consequenco of her great speed, cxtre sharpness, and tho solid substantial mi nor in " which she has been built, she v prove, without carrying an ounce of gunpowd or a single warlike weapon on board, ono of 1 most formidable engines of destruction ever vised. Tho most powerful three-decker that c floated would bo cut in two and broken up 1 an eggshell, if the leviathan, with lier trein dom "weight of metal," of some 25,000 or 30,1 tons, her sharp, wedgo-liko bows, and a spect twenty miles an hour, were to run full tilt at : while lying like a helpless log on the water ; t so firmly will Bhe bo bound and knitted togc'tl that there is every reason to believe she wo herself escapo uninjured. We hopo that the y 1855 will witness the completion of one of most magnificent specimens of naval architect the world has over beheld. A STAOE THICK. - A hotter illustration of stage costume is afforded us in the story of-I think Bensley. He had to play Henry VI. in " Richard the Third." After the monarch's death, in the early part of the play, he had to ap- pear for a moment or two as his own ghost, in the fifth net. Tho spirits were at that time ex- hibited en buste, by a trap. Now our Henry was invited out to supper, and being anxious to get there early, and Knowing that little moro than his shoulders would be seen by the public, he retained his black velvet vest and bugles ; but, discarding the lower part of his stage C3Stumo,he dxew on n jaunty pair of now, tight, nankeen pantaloons, to be as far dressed for his supper company ns ho could. When he stood on the trap, he cautioned the men who turned the crank not to raise him as high as usual, and of course they premised to obey. But a wicked low com , cdion was at hand, who3e love of mischief pro vailed over his judgment, and he suddenly ap- plied himself with such good will to the winch, that ho ran King Henry right up to a level with the stage; and moreover gavo his Majesty such , a jerk, that ho waa forced to t top from the trap on j to the boards, to save himself from falling. The sight of the old Lancastrian monarch in a costume of two such different periods-mediaeval , above, all nankeen anil novelty below-WOB «destructive of all decorum both before the stage and upon it. The audience .emphatically "split their sides {' and as for fie tyranjt in the tent, he eat bolt upright, and burst into suci; an insane roar, that the real Richard could not «Wo looked more' frantically hysterical Jjjjd fhe diseased ncnry actu illy so visited him in the nankeen spirit.-Dorait s llabiti and Men. .APPLICATION or SEWAGE WATCH.-The irri- gated meadows in the ncighborbo"d of Edin- burgh aro almost the only illustration of the profitable application of sewage water. It may be held, therefore, that under present circum- stances, the chances for repayment for money expended by corporations in constructing conduit pipes, with elevating machinery to dis- pose of the sewage to farmers for being used to irrigate the soil, are very small indeed. The question of payment for liberty to uso sowage water for irrigation is, however, the least im- portant so far lu the inhabitants themselves are concerned ; for if they were sufficiently aware of the importance of a pure atmosphere, all ap- plication of sewage water to the purposes of irrigation would bo strictly prohibited, especially in tile neighborhood of towns. Irrigation, even with pure water, produces certain diseases, ogue, fever, Seo. The sanitary view of the question is the moit important one, for, wherever irrigation by sewage water is practised, the atmosphere ¡3 necessarily in a polluted state. This may be regarded by some as au absurdly fastidious idea, but is not the less certain, as those residing in some parts of Edinburgh aro made sensible of, vvitli winds from the east, par- ticularly in the spring months when the sewage water is lo'on all the meadows. The effluvium is sensibly felt in those streets to the cast of tho Calton Hill. Attempts have been made, in íefercnce to the irrigated meadows in the neighborhood of Edinburgh, to show that these are not productive of any class of diseases. By the sane process of reasoning, open sowers con- nected with defectivo drainage are not deleterious to the health. The latter rather confines disease producing agencies,-the former spreads these agencies over a moro extereled surface. If those located in the neighborhood of irrigated lundi, either by sewage water or by a system of liquid manuring, were sufficiently aware of the injurious effects which result to health from the system, those practising irrigation would be indicted for u nuisance, ft is a duty which the Govern- ment will most probably one day perform, to make it an offence against the State to irrigate land by the employing of sowage water, or by a systom of liquid manuring. - JVortli British Aarimllurist. SrBTíioitr's POSITION.-Among the few mat- tera that tended to enliven what was, in other respects, a rather dull debato on the Militia Bill, tho most amusing incident was tho inquiry of Colonel Sibthorp, what would bo his position after the passing of the mcasuro. Lord Palmer- ston recommended tho "home circle" to the gal- lant Colonel as his most appropriate sphere of usefulness. Certainly, " Sibthorp at home," offers a rich field-much richer than the battle field-for the contemplation of thoso who are familiar with the gallant Colonel's peculiarities. Wo are quite sure, nevertheless, that ho would act with becoming bravery before a foe, and in- deed, the daring nature of his charges must bo pretty we'll known to the members of the Government, With characteristic straightforwardness, theso charges aro always face to face, and ho is not one of those who aro addicted to the cowardice of wounding an enemy, or more-properly speak- ing, an opponent, when his back is turned. Wo admire the tact with which the Colonel effected a diversion in his own favor ; for when told that the best place for him was his own home, and by implication that ho ought to be in bed instead of in the House of Commons, ho dis- charged one of those pieocs of light artillery wiiich aro always sure to tell, by giving notice that, " on a future occasion ho should take an op- portunity of moving the reduction of the salaries of thoso who sit on the treasury benches." This shell, thrown into tho Government ranks, pro- duced the uwial explosion of laughter, which con- tinued holding both tho sides of the Ilouso for a few seconds, and enabled the gallant Colonel to retreat under cover of his own fire,-Punch. PASTIME or THE PEERS.-The other evening a considerable portion of the lïouso of Lords Was occupied in the discussion ot the important question whether a noble lord's argument had been properly described as " absurd,1' and whether somo other noble lord had boen really guilty of uttering" " degrading" and " debasing" senti- ments. It accms to us rather immaterial whether their lordships were right or wrong in abusing one another ; but it is undoubtedly wrong that they should waste what is usually termed " the time of the country" in an inquiry whether tho coarso language used by tho Peers was appro- priate to the objecta against which it was direoted Their lordships may rest assured that the nation does not insist on any explanation, but will bo perfectly latisflcd to take it for granted that both sides thoroughly deserved all the abuse they got from each other. Tho discussion went off into an, if possible, still moro unprofitable" discussion, as to " what would have been the late Sir Robert Peel's opinion" on some question or other. There will be no end of a debato if the opinions of dead statesmen aro to be made the subject of a post mortem examina- tion ; and the houso may as well résolve itself into an inquest for sitting on the debates of former days, if theso subjects arc to bo disinterred for the guidance of living statesmen. The discussion on what Sir Robert Peel would have thought might have been got rid of by an amendment proposing a select committee to inquire and, if possible, ascertain, " What will Mrs. Grundy say ?"-Punch. \ A SArE GUESS.-If the American President had to send one of bia " Messages'' by tho Electric Telegraph, and pay for it so much fir 60 many words, we guess' rather that ho would not make them so tarnation long. A SPECIAL DEMURRER_In spite of Mr. Sidnoy Herbert's contribution to the Ministerial Defence Fund.it is easy to prove that the Govern- ment has been guilty of some short-coming, as tho reinforcements have been BO long going. THE BRAVE GERMANS.-Some fear that the German soldier* about to be added to our forces will not stand fire. One thing i i certain, they will nil have been accustomed to stand smoko. RED DOVES.-It is sometimes asked " Where is the Ponce Sooiety ?" The most influential Peacemakers are now encamped before Sebas- topol. THE RECRUITING SERGEANT ABROAD.-It is currently remarked among the medical students, that in introducing foreign bodies into tho sys tom of England, great caro must bo taken to prevent constitutional irritation. THE QUEEN'S SERVICE.-Will the Britannia metal, of which the Queen's Service is exclu , sively composed, stand fire any the better for o little German plating ? ST. CnisriN IN TnE CAMP.-Now we hnvo no more Wellingtons in the Army, wo are going to adopt Coburg'. 