KILMORE. [FROM OUR OWN'COIIIIKSI'ON'DENT.] September 7th, 1855. Leo Bail,— A son of Erin, known as James Mea kin, but whose real name is asserted to be Patrick O'Reary, has successfully ' bolted,' for tbo third tinie, from the lvilmoro lockup. He' was charged with , burglary, and committed to take his trial on the Ath of May last. He. howover, contrived to make his escape when ordered to empty a bucket on the very day 'he wiis-to- have been tried. He was alterwarus rccapiureu, unu saioiy tougcu in me lvtl more lockup 011 Friday, 31st August last. This time, to inako assurance doubly sure, he was heavily ironed, and chained to tho floor. What, was the surprise to find our .' fast' gontleman had again given the slip, and has not, since been heard of! This happon'cd on Tuesday, when .his gaoler- was a-vay in the courthouse, in broad day light, but how he, a fnll|growii muscular man, could have contrived to wodgo himself through 11 crevice not a foot wide, supposed to be made by one of his own irons, remains yet a mystery. Ono' thing, however, is clearly proved, the, folly of, being penny wise and p)und„ foolish'in police matters. Mechanics Institute.— -On Monday evening last the Rev. W. Singleton'delivereil, to a highly gratified audience, -a reading from Dickens, selecting his Christmas Carols as a fair specimoo of Boz's style of writing. The audience, seemed fully to enter into ths spirit of the conversation of poor terrified Scrooge with Morley's ghost;, and tho probability-is, that Mr Singleton's pleasant realing of Dickens will be re membered when other lectures far more learned and solid in thoir character will be totally forgotten. It has long boen -ray 'opinion, however, that Dickens Own province is the. comic, and the comio alone, — as his inimitable Pickwick Papers . abundantly shew— - and which, if I wero writing a critique instead of a ? t o»/\n tn nrnvp. The llftvt which 'is to be on Chiaii and tho Revolution, i3 pro mi£e^ by Walter Taylor, Esq. . ' Curious Trial.— On Tuesday last, a curious case came up for investigation before^ (Japtain Pries and J. K. Trainor, Es)., Police Magistratei.; It appears a family souie little distance from Kilmore engaged the services of a young girl, as' a nursery maid, whose friends reside in the township. Her new mistress had - her stript, washed, and . a change of raimont given her. So far there was nothing to c.implain of. But it appears the ohango for the better she had undergone, was not considered suffi cient : for her hair was ordered to be 'shorn of its fair proportion.' by ,the .sacriligeous hands of her two fellow-servants, uur lair lyiimore ueunua noi approving of tha forced rape of her locks, com plained to hor parents, who sought redress at the hands of tlu magistrates, who, finally adjourned tbe ease till Monday next. Great;tbings hang on littlj things. Tho solicitor for the defence, Mr. Rawlings, being questioned on a jioint of evidence by Captain Price, was reluctantly forcBd to mention tho state ment of a third party concerning Captain Price's domestic affairs. This, we believe, was forced from Mr Rawlings by Captain Price himself. But if report be true, Mr. R. 011 meeting Captain Price in the street, alluded to the subject in anything but a friendly way; which will it is. said, 'oad to an investigation of the whole affair by other parties. . .. Bunkvolent Asylum. — - At a : Meeting of the Committeo of this institution, it was resolved (on Tlnrslay last) to chango tho name, so that it is now known as the Kilmore Benevolent Asylum and Hospital. After tho election ofDr. Betivan as chair man, and tho committeo for the 'ensuing year, they resolved to take immediate steps for securing the £1500 voted them some. time ago by Government. Rev J. Hume. — -This eminent, and devoted minister of the Free Church, died about 12 o'clock on Monday night. His death was as gent'e and peaceful as a child's. 'For so He giveth His beloved sleep.' He leaves at the comparatively early age of thirty-three, a sorrowing wife and orphan child to lament his loss. His remains were followed to the grave on Friday morning by the clergy and laity of all denominations, both Catholic and Protestant. His gentleness and kindness en deared him to his bereaved church, and they will not soon forget his memory. 