A LIBERTINE AT HIS OWN FUNERAL. There is a capital ghost story in Washington Irving's new book, just out, entitled, "The Chronicles of Wolfert's Roost." It has a fine meaning at the heart of it and, as the story is but short, so we give it entire : There was once in Seville (says he) a young gay fellow, Don Manuel de Manara by name, who, having come to a great estate by the death of his father, gave the reins to his passions, and plunged into all kinds of dissipation. Like Don Juan, whom he seemed to have taken for a model, he become famous for his enterprises among the fair sex, and was the cause of doors being barred and windows grated with more than usual strictness. All in vain. No balcony was too high for him to scale ; no bolt nor bar was proof against his efforts and his very name was a word of terror to all the jealous husbands and cautious fathers of Seville. His exploits extended to country as well as city and in the village dependent on his castle, scarce a rural beauty was safe from his arts and enterprises. As he was one day ranging the streets of Seville, with several of his dissolute [ companions, he beheld a procession about to enter the t gate of a convent. In the centre was a young female, ! arrayed in the dress of a bride ; it was a novice, who having accomplished her year of probation, was about to take the black veil, and consecrate herself to heaven. The companions of Don Manuel drew back, out of respect to the sacred pageant ; but he pressed forward, with his usual impetuosity, to gain a near view of the novice. He almost jostled her, in passing through the portal of the church, when, on her turning round, he beheld the countenance of a beautiful village girl, who had been the object of his ardent pursuit, but who had been spirited secretly out of his reach by her relatives. She recognised him at the same moment, and fainted j but was borne within the grate of the chapel. It was supposed the agitation of the ceremony and the heat of the throng had overcome her. After some time, the curtain which hung within the grate was drawn up : there stood the novice, pale and trembling, surrounded by the abbess and the man. The ceremony proceeded ; the crown of flowers was taken from her head ; she was shorn of her silken tresses, received the black veil, and went passively through the remainder of the ceremony. Don Manuel de Manara, on the contrary, was roused to fury at the sight of this sacrifice. His passion, which had almost faded away in the absence of the object, now glowed with tenfold ardour, being influenced by the difficulties placed in his way, and piqued by the measures which had been taken to defeat him. Never had the object of his pursuit appeared so lovely and desirable as when within trie grate of the convent j and he swore to have her, in defiance of heaven and earth. By dint of bribing a female servant of the convent, he contrived to convey letters to her, pleading his passion in the most eloquent and seductive terms. How successful they were is only matter of conjecture ; certain it is, he undertook one night to scale the garden wall of the convent, either to carry off the nun or gain admission to her cell. Just as he was mounting the wall he was suddenly plucked back, and a stranger, muffled in a cloak, stood before him. " Rash man, forbear !" cried he " is it not enough to have violated all human I ties ? Wouldst thou steal a bride from heaven r" The ! sword of Don Manuel had been drawn on the instant, and furious at this interruption, he passed it through the body of the stranger, who fell dead at his feet. Hearing approaching footsteps, he fled the fatal spot, and mounting his horse, which was at hand, retreated to his estate in the country, at no great distance from Seville. Here he remained throughout the next day, full of horror and remorse ; dreading lest he should be known as the murderer of the deceased, and fearing each moment the arrival of the officers of justice. The day, passed, however, without molestation and as the evening advanced, unable any longer to endure this state of uncertainty and apprehension, he ventured back to Seville. Irresistably his footsteps took the direction of the convent; but he paused and hovered at a distance from the scene of blood. Several persons were gathered round the place, one of whom was busy nailing something against the convent wall. After a while they dispersed, and one passed near to Don Manuel. The latter addressed him, with hesitating voice "Senor," said he, may I ask the reason of yonder throng?" A cavalier," replied the other, " has been murdered." -" Murdered !" echoed Don Manuel ; " and can you tell me his name'-"-"Don Manual de Manara, replied thesfan^tr, and passed one-ton Manuel was startled at this mention of his own name; especially when applied to the murdered man. He ventured, when it was entirely deserted, to approach the fatal spot. A small cross had been nailed against the wall, as is customary in Spain, to mark the place where a murder has been committed and just below it he read by the twinkling light of a lamp, " Here was murdered Don Manuel de Manara. Pray to God for his soul !" Still more confounded and perplexed by this inscription, he wandered about the streets till the night was far advanced, and all was still and lonely. As he entered the principal bear-, the light of torches suddenly broke on him, he beheld a grand funeral procession moving across it. There was a great train of priests, an 1 many persons of dignified appearance, in ancient Spanish dresses, attending as mourners, none of whom he knew. Accosting a servant who followed in the train, he demanded the name of the defunct. "Don Manuel de Muniara," was the reply and it went cold to his heart. He looked, and indeed beheld the armorial bearings of his family emblazoned on the funeral escutcheons. Yet not one of his family was to be seen among the mourners. The mystery was more and more incomprehensible. He followed the procession as it moved on to the cathedral. The bier was deposited before the high altar and funeral service was commenced, and the grand organ began to peal through the vaulted isles. Again the youth ventured to question this awful pageant. "Father," said he, with trembling voice, to one of the priests, " who is it you are about to inter ?" " iron Manuel de Manara," replied the pri st. "Father," cried Don Manuel im- patiently, " you are deceived This is some impose total Know that Don Manuel de Miners is alive and well, and now stands before you. Jam Don Manuel de Manara !" Avaunt rash youth !" cried the priest ; Y know that Don Manuel de Manara is dead ! is dead! is dead ! is dead and we are all sorts from purga- tory, his deceased relatives and ancestors, and others that have been aided by messes from his family, who are permitted to come here and pray for the repose of his soul !" Don Manuel cast round a fearful glance upon the assemblage, in antiquated Spanish garb, and recognised in their pale and ghastly countenances the portraits of many an ancestor that hung in the family picture-gallery. Hj now lost all self-command, rushed up to the bier, and beheld the counterpart of himself, but in the fixed and livid lineaments of death. Just at that moment the whole choir burst forth with a " Requiescat in pace that shook the vaults of the cathedral. Don Manuel sank senseless on the pave- ment. He was found there early the next morning by the sacristan, and conveyed to his home. When sufficiency recovered, he sent for a friar, and made a full confession of all that had happened. " My son," said the friar, " all that is a miracle and a mystery intended for the conversion and salvation. The corpse thou hast seen was a token that thou hast died to his and the world ; take warning by it, and henceforth live to righteousness and heaven !" Don Manuel did take warning by it. Guided by the counsels of the worthy friar, he -disposed of all his temporal affairs ; dedicated the greater part of his wealth to pious uses, especially to the performance of masses for souls in purgatory and finally, entering a convent, became one of the most zealous and exemplary monks in Seville. 