THE DIOCESAN SYNOD. We concluded yesterday tlie publication of the draft Constitutions and Deed of Trust, which have recently been submitted by the Lord Bishop of Adelaide to the consideration of the Diocesan Synod. We now proceed—in pursuance of our original design—to lay before our readers the address delivered by his Lordship upon the occa sion of the first meeting of the Synod on the 16th inst. It is as follows :— My Lay Brethren and Reverend the Clergy—I meet you to-day with peculiar satisfaction, because I am assured that inviting you together with your reverend pastors, in a Diocesan Synod, duly convened, I am fol lowing not merely ecclesiastical precedent, but a course recognised by the ecclesiastical law of England, and not prohibited either by the statute or common law. Hitherto our meetings, whether known as a Conference or an Assembly, were but tentative and provisional, held not inj defiance of law, nor in the spirit of in subordination to the Crown, or supreme ecclesiastical authorities of the United Church of England and Ire land, but in the belief that the 'freedom enjoyed by every section of (British Christians, yiz., '' that of con sulting together on matters touching their best temporal and spiritual interests," was not denied to those por tions of the Established Church which are found in every colony of the British Empire. While no doubt remained of the willingness on the part of the Crown to concede such reasonable liberty, and none on the part of the Archbishops and Bishops of England and Ire land, it seemed unnecessary to examine the legal ques tion whether Diocesan Synods were legal, without previous application to the Crown for license to hold them. There was no doubt that, by advice of the Privy Council, such license might be granted; but it was more than doubtful whether her Majesty would be advised by her present Ministers to exercise her prero gative in this manner for the advantage of Churchmen in the colonies. Debarred, therefore, from thus set tling all doubts as to the legality of Diocesan Synods, when I found that Ministerial changes and the jealousy of ecclesiastical party obstructed the passing of an Act freeing the colonial clergy from any supposed disability (an Act which the Government had introduced as a Cabinet measure, and the principle of which had re ceived the implied assent of the ecclesiastical authori ties), I resolved to try the legal question, and claim as matter of right that which the Legislature was so tardy in recognising by statute. The legality of the Synod of Exeter in 1851 having been admitted, it followed of course that a Diocesan Synod at Adelaide in 1855 was no less legal; and thus all doubt having been removed, no technical objection could render invalid the acts and agreements done and made at such a Synod, provided they were not contrary to the law of the land, either common or statute ; and not repugnant to the law eccle siastical, by which the Crown, in its Supreme Court of Appeal, the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, must in its decisions be governed. It is true that the clergy alone were summoned to the Synod of Exeter ; but the practice of ancient Synods, and the language of the "Reformatio Legum," in c. 21, places the right of the bishop to invite the presence of some of the laity at suoh |meetings beyond question. I have accor S ingly requested those of you whom I know to possess the confidence of the congregations to be present in this Synod; and you have attended at my summons. It only remains, then, to follow the directions of our Reformers, and treat with gravity and pcacefulnes3 the important matters "which demand our attention. May the Holy Ghost vouchsafe to us His gracious presence. That we have need of meeting together from time to time in a regular and constituted manner, to provido ^ for our local wants, and make local regulations, is evi- ■< dent from our proceedings since the date when the Church was thrown by the civil government on its own energies and resources. But it is now time that what was tentative and provisional should assume a more formal shape; that our Church-meetings shoidd be analagous to those which, from the Ap .stolic age, have been held in all places and countries; and that they should be constituted on those principles which, stamped with the authority of Scripture, the sanction of Apostolic practice, and the consentaneous usage of the universal Church, may well be deemed the safest and best, if not of infallible necessity. Having recently stated those principles in my charge to the clergy at the Visitation, I need not here repeat them. I believe they are such as command the largest mass of consenting authority and opinion in the churches of the Reforma tion; and what is more, wherever they have been de viated from, there heresy and unbelief have most widely prevailed. I shall not fatigue you with quotations from Christian writers of the first centuries, or from the standard authorities of our own Church—theologians who were second to none in piety, learning, or ability. As practical men, I would simply invite your attention to the statements upon the points in question of a writer to whom, in my charge, I have recently drawn attention, simply because he may be supposed by mem bers of our Church to speak as an unbiassed witness. Speaking, then, of the theory of a " balance" betwean the lay and clerical elements in the Church, and of their •pretended co-ordinate authority, the Rev. Alfred Bar rett asks, " What were the atrocities of the French Papistic Sovereigns but results of the evil balance of power practically at work between churchmen and laity in the ruling councils ? What were the oppressions of the High Commission and the Star Chamber, but de cisions in which the lay authorities coincided with the bishops, and often formed the numerical majority ? On the theory in question there can be no independent action on the part of the ministry ; no means of meeting a sudden emergency arising in Christ's kingdom, where emergencies are so often arising, and all the more fre quently as the end draws near. The Reformation - would have been impossible under the sway of such a principle, and the rise of Methodism itself would have been impossible. If Martin Luther and his co-pastors, and if our own founder had waited for an equipoise with their own of lay influence before they made their bold advances on the kingdom of darkness, history would have shown a different page. Lay suffrage on any comprehensive scale would have, at first, been against their scheme ; but they drew onlay co-operation, as a consequence to follow, and that was the proper and Heaven-appointed order. Moreover, the "balance" has been already weighed in God's own balance of the sanc tuary, and, in respect of gaining the purposes sought by it, has been found wanting. So far as its principle is embodied in the "ruling eldership" or assessorsliip with the ministry in the Church of non-pastoral per i * C 8 s„„5,it hash,J a fair trial inchS rf three centuries. Has it preserved Camj5 . of Geneva in a right interpretation and aJnl t th the Law of Christ? IIas.it Preserved intact to tne people the Helvetian confession,, or abolished that docu mont—that testimony to the faith of the Reformation? H as it expelled those pastors who denied the Lord that bought them ? Has it not rather given up everything p'Jfcious in the Gospel, and silenced the people by tcl l t them that their Representatives were concurrent a]id in court? Has it not kept up the least godly dis c: pline in the consistories of France ? Has it fenced off the Protestant professors of that country from pi o o paical theology and semi-unbelief? Has it preserve the venerable Church of Scotland itself from schism aid disruption, whether on the ground of doctune or discipline ? And if we take the theory o" balance in its more Erastian form, has it preserved t e pan a id schools of Protestant Germany from nosing a,ul diffusing the worst heresies which, since the dap 0f Gnosticism- have aillicted the Chtistuln Chufch . p. 335\. Thus much on the supposed principle 01 co ordinate authority of the pastor and the laity. Again, r. 353, he writes 'thus —" And this we are bold to sa\ is tlie primitive and Apostolic plan; the ministry first c evising the rule, and then commending it to the calm £ nd dispassionate consideration of the people. V lat the ministers have left is the guardianship of the truth, (lisciplinurv power over each other, the regulation of 5 piritual services, and so much right of office as enables them t<»put away sin from the Christian con gregation, and stand clear with their Divine Master. Do the Churches of even republican America go fur :her than " in the application of the Episcopal autho rity which always inheres on the collective pastoiate ;hat the laity should not be excluded from giving tes timony and advice." But with regard to the authori tative act of judgment in the case of the incestuous Corinthian, as well as of Hymenteus and Alexander, " the whole procedure," he adds, " should be, to. use the words of Erasmus, • ex Pauli decreto, ex multitu ^iis consensu, ex auctoritate Christi. p. ob-f. otill jjlore emphatically he sums up the argument thus—-p. 331\. Let us pause for a moment, and, leaving antiquity oj^of the question, let us draw from our present sur vey of the Scriptures alone the general doctrines which, hi connection with the whole of this subject, they teach . « That the steward or pastor is directly responsible to the Head of the Church for the preservation of His truth, and the maintenance of purity; that although every member (he included) is under the same law, jot he is the expositor of the law, and answerable for its enforcement: that in the adjudication of discipline, appeal is to be made to the people as to whetier the law has been broken, so as from their verdict or concur rence to make the act, whatever it is, the act of the whole; yet if in particular or momentous cases that verdict or concurrence, through faction, be withheld ; or if doubt arise as to whether the. law of Christ, in those instances applies, or as to how far it applies, then must the matter be resolved by the collective pastorate, as in the cases of Jerusalem and Corinth." I have cited this writer not because of his theological weight, but, as I said before, because his testimony is so far unbiassed, and because X never saw his work before the constitu tions were in print; and I then found the above prin ciples in close harmonj- with those embodied in my draft. The two special wants to be provided were, in mj #*H»pinion, the action of the laity within their competency, according to the divine economjr of the Church ; and the disciplinary authority of the Bishop over the clergy, freed from the possibility of its being exerted hastily, arbitrarily, and absolutely. I believe those postulates have been accomplished in the Constitutions. On the one hand no judicial decision affecting the character or property ot a clergyman can take effect, and legally bind the individual, without a verdict of his brethren in the ministry, and the report of a mixed lay and clerical iury ; nor, on the other, can any doctrinal decision made bv the Bishop and clergy become a constitution of this Diocesan Church without the concurrence of the laity. Besides this safeguard, the Archbishop of Canterbury has authority over the Bishop and clergy, while in all matters affecting temporal interests or personal cha racter, an appeal would lie in the last resort to the Crown in Privy Council. Under such legal restraints, I do not think that we are likely to run into any doc trinal or judicial extravagances. And here I may answer some objections, or rather misapprehensions, suggested by parties foreign to our communion. I seek no°Legislative interference whatever to give effect to our private sj'nodal agreements. I should deprecate any appeal to the local Legislature to enforce any of our constitutions. I should equally deprecate and resist, as far as it was possible, any enquiry by the civil Courts as to the propriety or wisdom, or Scriptural authority of our arrangements. The simple fact, whether" A. B. has been duly tried by his own religious body, according to their own discipline, and has been found guilty of contravening the terms on which he accepted a certain charge, and so became entitled to the benefit of certain property limited to certain uses ; this is tlie extent in which the authority of the civil Courts will be invoked in case of need. So far and no farther would "I appeal unto Caesar." And no inconvenience results from this action of the civil Courts throughout the United States of America; where the Judges do not take upon themselves to discuss the theology or disupline of the various Christian bodies; but simply give effect to their decisions, according to their own rules, when a delinquent minister is to be dispossessed of property held by him in virtue of his ministerial charge. Indeed, to insinuate that an attempt is intended to be made covertly to introduce a State Church, be cause in cases of property the civil authority may be called upon to interfere, is a strange misapprehension, when the case of Lady Iiewley's charity has been so recently before the Courts, and Privy Council, and Parliament itself, the parties suing and being sued not being members of the Established Church of England. At the present time the like question of property is being determined.by the Court of Queen's Bench, be tween the Wesleyan Conference and the New Con nexion, relative to the possession of certain chapels under the terms of John Wesley's model trust-deed. To deny the competency of the civil tribunals in su-h matters, would, in fact, be to fall into the arrogant claims of the Papal Church at the conquest, when the jurisdiction over clerks was taken from the King's Courts to be transferred to Spiritual Courts, and so subordi nated the civil authority on secular things to the spiritual. Thus extremes are ever found to meet. Dismissing, then, this mistaken view, which princi pally concerns our proposed trust-deed, I state the ob ject of tbe latter to be this, viz., to select a body of gentlemen to act with the Bishop and other eccle siastical trustees, in taking, holding, and managing pro perty, real and personal, dedicated for the use of this Diocesan Church, or any part of it. The necessity of such a body must be evident, when, with the exception of the Bishop, there is not a corporation capable of holding property belonging to the Church except the Governors of the Collegiate School of St. Peter's, a body which has been created by local Ordinance. The Ecclesiastical Commission in England, which holds and manages the Episcopal and Capitular estates, in certain cases "is found a-very important and efficient machinery for the purpose ; and I doubt not that a body of Dio cesan Trustees, chosen from the most influential of our ■tv, would give general confidence, and draw out the [jierality of many members of our Church, who may m "be disposed, to give property for endowments, local or general. I now come to the structure of the documents pre sented for your consideration. Considering the "various resolutions which had been suggested or adopted by our provisional Conference and- Assembly as a brief, toge ther with such provisions as either occurred to myself or those whom I consulted, I placed them, through my legal agent, in the. hands of Mr J. Bullar, of the Mid dle Temple. Among the documents with which he was entrusted was a copy of the model trust-deed of John "Wesley ; and so far as the members of the Church of England were placed in this colony in the lik^posi tion, as the members of his society were in the mother country a century ago, so far was Mr Bullar instructed to prepare a model trust-deed, with the necessary changes required by the principles of the Church. It was thought advisable to separate the " rules " about Church property from the "regulations" regarding our internal management—hence the separation of the con stitutions from the trust deed. The former may be said to be the bye-law by which we propose to carry on the ecclesiastical concerns of this diocese. They were, therefore, arranged for convenience in chapters, and it was thought best to embody in them those rules which the vast and long experience of municipal corporations, chartered companies, and other public bodies in Eng land, had found convenient for dispatch of business. But this involved the necessity of distinguishing be tween fundamental provisions connected with the trusts of property dedicated for the use of the Church, and those other matters which might be changed and altered from time to time. So, also, in the trust-deed, a small portion of the matter of the deed is unalterably tied to the uses of the property ; all the other regula tions may be altered as occasion requires by the Synod. The selection of these fundamental provisions required, of coufse, great care and caution, and it will claim also your special attention. The other rules may save much troublesome discussion if adopted provisionally ; but, I repeat, they are all alterable by vote of the Synod. After the documents had been drawn up, they were sub mitted to various clergymen for their comments, and last of all the}'" were revised and amended by Archibald John Stephens, Esq., bdrrister-at-law, whose compila tion of the ecclesiastical statutes has made his name familiar to all ecclesiastical lawyers. He kindly pointed out whatever discrepancy there appeared in them or deviation from the practice or principles of the Church of England. These were carefully altered, and though, from the pressure of time the drafts did not re ceive all the improvement of which they were susceptible, and the many errors of the press, as well as some omis sions and discrepancies remained, yet such as they are, they violate no law, and introduce no new or illegal practice. A revised copy Mr Stephens promised to send me, which I expect by the mail of December oth; they will arrive, therefore, in time to aid our delibera tions, ami perliaps to settle some doubts. I would now respectfully indicate the course, which I think should be pursued in regard to these documents. They are now presented to you formally for consideration. The cic>.,rY at their late visitation, read them through para graph by paragraph ; ami * took auote ofeyciy objec tion, which, after explanation given, still seemed, to ^ suggest itself to their minds. A committee was then formed to report on these points ; a further conference ensued, and such alterations as appeared valuable were inserted in the constitutions and trust-deed. I would propose in like manner to receive from you such enqui ries and suggestions as you are disposed to make. A committee of the laity might then be named, to report by a given day on such queries. "When they have pre sented their report, a conference might be held, and such amendments as shall be agreed on, inserted in the deeds The Synod should then, I think, meet in com mittee, and shape the documents—both constitutions and trust-deed—so as to take the opinion of their con gregations on them. Whatever objections shall be made by the congregations should be submitted for discussion to an adjourned meeting of the Synod ; but on the plain understanding that what shall he deter mined on by the concurrent votes of Bishop, clergy, and lay representatives, should he taken as the sense of | the Church, and bind the minority. The details of this procedure must he settled in the first instance in order to prevent doubt or confusion; and I think that we should carry on the work with all convenient speed, believing that until wo have a recognised machinery, we shall not be able to call forth all the energy and power, whether lay or clerical, of which our Church stands in need. Some few other objects connected with my mission to England I may here briefly touch upon. The selec tion of a head-master for the Collegiate School was amongst the first. I am more and more convinced that the ministry will not be adequately supplied until we are able to educate in our own College, youths who may be desirous to serve at the altar. The Mother Church can barely supply her own cures with really efiicient men. I attach, therefore, the greatest impor tance to the theological scholarships of that institution, and in the superintendence of their theological studies by the head-master, or some competent lecturer in di vinity. I possess the means of endowing, though very scantily, such a lectureship and scholarship, which, I trust, will prove a blessing hereafter to the inhabitants of this colony. Three other clergymen in full orders were also engaged to assist me in the ministry. Two are now serving among you; the third "forsook" me within a very few days of my sailing, and so prevented me from selecting another in his place. He had undertaken specially to itinerate through the-South eastern districts. Two theological students also joined me, one of whom will, I trust, before many weeks, be admitted to deacon's orders. The funds by which this accession to the clerical body were obtained, resulted partly from the Society for the Progagation of the Gospel, but principally from congregational collections made after sermons by myself, or at meetings which I attended; and above all, the liberality of private lay and clerical friends. I appealed to the Society for aid in regard to stipends, and, after some difficulty, ob tained the continuance of the grant of £500 per annum for the three years next ensuing, out of which £100 is to he paid to the missionary to the natives. All the grants of the Society arc now limited to three years. In behalf of the Collegiate School, and especially the theological students, I appealed to the Society for Pro moting Christian Knowledge. A grant was accord ingly made of £500, with which I trust sufficient accommodation will be procured for them and the boarders generally. Another subject also demanded my attention. Relying on the fact that an acre had been set apart from the foundation of the colony, in Victoria square, for the site of the Cathedral Church; knowing that the Government had ratified the grant; assured that property had been bought and sold on the faith of this grant; believing that the good sense and right feeling of the citizens of Adelaide would not allow a claim so guaranteed to be set aside, and a real loss in flicted, which could not be replaced in any manner at a cost of less than some thousands of pounds ; I applied to the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge for a grant towards the erection of a part at least of that structure upon the acre in Victoria-square. The libe rality of William Allen, Esq., who promised £1000 for that object, was met by a grant of the like sum; and I accordingly caused to be drawn a design for a large nn-rrwliinl nVmvrUi with working rlrawincs to carrv it I'M* into effect. The design is simple, yet beautiful, and •would undoubtedly prove a great ornament to the city, as well as worthy of the site so liberally given. I trust the Synod, and especially the laity, will assist inc with their counsel and support in commencing this structure. Without a central chui cli of large dimensions Ave cannot accommodate the numerous population which belongs to our communion in the heart of Adelaide. These are the principal circumstances to Avhicli, in connection with my mission to England, I huA'e desired to call your attention. One truth, however, Avas brought home most clearly to my mind by that mission. It this—that the Church of England in South Austral1'a must in future depend upon the efficiency of its OAvn ministers, and the zeal of its OAvn laity, for its preser vation and expansion. It is Avell that you should knoAV this. Your colony is considered one of the lightest taxed and most "prosperous portions of the empire. "Why," it is asked, "should the Avealtliy colonists* of all classes in South Australia tax the Mother Church for the support of their ministers?" May I accept the challenge on your behalf? You Avill not be found Avanting. Much you liaA'e already accom plished, and far more since you have realized your ob ligations as a constituent portion of the congregation of the faithful. A " clergy church," to borrow a phrase from a celebrated German statesman and Avriter, does not in. any measure fulfil the scriptural outline of the Avhole or any portion of the universal Church. This was a conception of early but not primiti\re times ; it Avas fostered by mediaeval ignorance of Scripture. The Reformation A'iolently broke the spell Avithout any nice adjustment ef the constituent parts. Our brethren of the Episcopal Church in the United States, left to their OAvn clear-sighted intelligence, hare in great measure worked out the problem ; but I am bold to say that the United Church of England and Ireland possesses, in her OAvn discipline, laws, canons, and principles, the power and the light necessary to place the organization, not only of every diocese, but of the uniA-ersal Church, on its right Scriptural and Apostolic basis. I, there fore, heartily pray that you and I, and the reverend the clergy, may be permitted, through grace, to trace the outline, and in some measure help to work out the design; that the Divine Head of the Church may vieAv our efforts with favour, because done in subordination to His Avill and word, and Avitli a single eye to the extension and confirmation of His kingdom upon earth. To-rnorroAV Ave shall proceed Avith the publi cation of the opinions of the Ecclesiastical Lawyers of England, upon the various questions submitted to them by his Lordship. 