[BY ELECTRIC TtLEGRAPH.) I ti Ee.nppointment of the whole of the Members of the Executive Council. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. t Wednesday, November 28th. n Mr. O'SnaXASsT presented a petition from Clunes, praying appointment of a Committee of Enquiry, who would be empowered to enquire into the grievances set forth in the memorial. Mr. PTKE gave notice of question to the Colonial Secretary, whether, holders of Miner's Right, could in all cases exercise the privilege of voting, and if so, why were many such holders refused the privilege of voting at the late election at Castlemaine. a Mr MSfrc gave notice of question to the Colonial Secretary, whether the vote of. £105,902 set apart for elementary education has been applied in arcordance with the act, and what proportion has been applied to the national and denominational system of education respectively. The SPEAKEt announced that the reply of his Excellency the Governor to the resolution carried by the House on the previous even ing relative to resignation of members of t the Executive Council, was that all correspon dence and other documents relating thereto, would be laid before the House. The Speaker read a letter from the Assistant Colonial Secre tary, Mr Moore, announcing the resignation of Mr Haines, Colonial Secretary; Mr Stawell, Attorney General; Mr Clarke, Surveyor Gene ral; Mr Childers, Collector of Customs; Mr Pasley, Colonial Engineer; Mr Molesworth, Solicitor General; and Mr Sladen, Acting Co lonial Treasurer,-all which resignations had been accepted. BUT THE WHIOLE OF THESE GENTLEMEN HAD BEEN RE APPOINTED. MESSRS HAINES, STAWELL, CLARKE, CHILDERS, PASLEY, MOLESWORTH, AND SLADEN, here- entered, and took the oaths and their seats. THE SrxBAKER announced receipt of a message from His Excellency transmitting copies of correspondence, and other documents relating; to the resignations. The documents (which were very lengthy) were read. The explanation stated that the Executive Council had been summoned to consider the estimates before finally submitting them to to His Excellency for sanction. On 6th No vember, a meeting was held for that purpose, when itwas considered advisable to ask the Governor what position they held, as they would have to.defend the estimates as responsi ble ministers, and therefore ought to have voice in framing them. A letter was addressed to the Governor enquiring whether they were to consider the estimates as responsible officers; to which it was replied that responsibility com menced on proclamation of the New Con stitution, but he would not sanction any alteration of ' Government till then. Matters remained in this state mutil proclama tion took place on Friday last, when the Gover nor sent copy of a document transmitting to responsible officers his views, as to themode in which Government ought to be carried on. It then became a question who were responsible officers; the opinions of the Executive on the point, were submitted to his Excellency, but no -determination was come to till Saturday last, Swhen his Excellency was furnished with the Attorney-General's opinion. Acting in accor dance with which, the members ot the Execu tive were released from office, and Mr. Haines Srequested to form a ministry, which he was unable to do till yesterday, and hence the apparent disconrtesy. Government operations would be confined to passing of necessary acts for bringing into operation the New Constitution, and a scheme of expenditure would also be provided. It was moved and carried that the documents be printed. Debate ensued; consideration of the message was postponed till Tuesday, and to take prece dence of all other business. Mr MutLEca presented a petition, praying I for leave to bring it a Bill authoriiing exten sion of the Sandridge Railway to St. Kilda. The Cor.oNIA. SECRETART moved tlhe following, all of which were carried i. The Colonial Secretary: To move, that Peter Snodrrass, Esq., be the Chairman of Com mlttts of the Council. The Colonial Secretary : To move, that Tues days Wednesidy, Thursday, anid Friday, in each week, be the days on which the Council shall meet for the despatch of business during the pre sent Session, and that three o'clock be the hour of meetin on each day. 3i he Colonial Secretary To move. That on Wednesday and Thunday in each week dsuring the present esiton, the transaction of Government bustness shall take precedence of all other bust 4\. rhe Colonial Secretary . To move, That the following members do form the Crmmittee of Standing Orders during the Presenrt easton :-The Speaker, the Attomey-Geneanl the Collector of Customs the Chalrmein ef Committees. Mr rif flth, Air Mlurphy, Mr lome, and Sir tliler. &. TIHE COLONIAL. SECRTrTABy :--Tomove, That the following tMembersdo for the Library Committee tir the present Sess n sThe LP er.a The Auditor Gesesal. Se Fakoe, Air ==eve, I Polman nlr Riddell, The Surveyor eteral ad Mrt Embiac. 'W ORnDES or TUi DAT. 1\. Election of Membnhe of Council and Asembly mee?Ion ill --Conssieraston ofr h?e.llen t .s 1Ternons K101ee1?l o L Po~tpoel till WPedn~esday next. 2\. VIctorli Electoral It--Constderation of his Excellency the Gorernor's IMessate No 4. Postponed till Wednesday next. 3\. Party Pres tons Act Coniatluton ltll--Con slderatlon of Hls recellnocy the Governore's tco sage No 5. Postponed till Wednesday next. 4\. Aprsd ment on SIock Centlonntton till--Con sideratton of his Excellency the Goveror'a lIEs sage No 0. Postponed till Wednesday next. 5\. Addreos in reply to the Goverror's Olssnlng Opeeh--Consdsernticn or report from Select Com mtttee. The address was agreed to swithout alteration, as broughlt np hy the Coeanittee. MIr NlcetlOLSO's motioni, contingent on the Bill- To protide for tile Election of members to nerve In tile Legislalive Councl cnd Legilaltive Assembly o0 Victoria respectlively, Iseng retd a lirst time- .M1r NcIColsoN: To moec i. The suspension ot standing order No. IL 2\. That tile sald bill be reerred to a select com milter. to consist *r tile lons. tile Speaker. lb. lion, the Attorney.Genernl tile lion. tile Collector or Customs. slessrrc. lilter, O'Shnoossy, Grrcee, Stliles. Ilarricon, Grant. Fycl, Pybe, Dr Embliog, and tile mover. As the first realinsg of the bill referred to, ssas postponed till Wednesday next, the motion lapsed. PEuS.NG accurate information of Government movement-, it is hard or next to impossible to arrive at anything definite. Attentive perusal of the debate in thie House leaves tile reader in a state of mystification, as it left the speakers. Nobody knows anl thing. If we look for pre cedent we are lost. The position of the Execu tive of Victoria is not like that of a ministry in England. In England the ministry emanates from the majority in tile Commons. It may be objected that a minority of such majority, an austocratie few compose snoli ministry, and we accede to that truth, for legislators in EnglBnd, in most cases, claim to be legislators by ties of blood. Expressing the idea alpha betically, Boose, who had talent, is succeeded by Cose, Doose, Foose and Goose; if Bool have a patent of nobility fir sacking a town, winning a battle, or anything else less deserving, Cool, and Dool, and Tool, by descent, or marriage, claim the qualities of tile founder of the family dynasty, and get into snug berths, according to the success of their faction, or are turned out of their snug berths, if the anti-goose or anti fool opposition prevail, in which case, the Ghosts and Vampires revel and luxuriate, in what the Fool and Goose faction regard as their patrimony. Still, either party must have a ma jority in the House to support them. A ministry in England does not exist on the dictum of the Queen, may exist though the Queen dislike it; may exist though a majority in the " Loans" oppose it, but cannot exist against the Com mons. Her Majesty would not brave to main tain a favorite ministry, an adverse vote on an essential question in the House of Commons; but supported by a majority of the House, a ministry would, could, and has braved Crown opposition, and adverse majorities in the Loans. Ministries emanate from tile Commons, thoungh all parties in the Commons are not considered in the election of such ministries. Tile faults of this system have evoked the agitation for Administrative Reform in England. In Victoria th £,,.t i~ n imuorteds the worse features of thle system prevail, uwnilst the power 0l the Commons or the Legislative Assembly is negatived, and worse than negatived, for in the nominee principle there is direct ( Crown power exercised to oppose representa- c tiveism, not an aristocratic balance as in Eng land against Commoner encroachment. If the f Queen of England discharged, dismissed, a released, or got rid of-which is the plain Saxon of the matter-the Palmerston adminis- ' tration, and, irrespectivs of the House of Com mons, appointed the DfrrF and Mcrrs, her ' Majesty's conduct would not be more antagonis- t tic to the British Constitution than the selection of aministry by the Lieut. Governor of Victoria is opposed to the idea of representativeism and responsiblegovernment. Wereferlo this,because reference was made to the conduct and mode which a ministry at home pursued when a dis solation of a Cabinet was resolved on. But a Ministry in England does not resemble at all an Executive in Victoria. Here the Lieutenant Governor selects and appoints without counsel of the representatives. The Executive are his nominees, holding office independent of the Legislative Assembly, which can vote, and vote, and vote again, yet notvote out a single member of the Executive. Responsibility, therefore, there is none to the people, but simply a nomineeism to office from the Duffs or Muffs, or the acceptation of lean gentility recommended from Downing-street, to fat ten and depasture by pre-emptive right, in the revenues of Victoria. Faded fortunes are recommended here, just as invalids are sent to Madeira for restoration. An indifferent prac titioner, a fourth rate lawyer, an embarrassed scion of some family of interest, anything in fact, labelled with. tihe Government stamp, quack or genuine, has preference, and is fused into the government, and from such materials government is made up. Representctiveism, as it has been, was but a negative power. As it is, according to electric telegraph of last night, ostensibly changed, it remains the same except in name. Tile IHous of the People is quite innocent of the resignation of the Executive, and powerless in the instalment of an Executive irresponsible as a responsible ministry. It is announced that such and such a thing has been done, which may be satisfactory; but if the opposite had been done, the Legislative Assembly would have no option but to submit. It may be said that no other course could be adopted, but that does not alter the fact that the Lieutenant Governor and the Executive have managed the matter between themselves, irrespective of the representatives of the people, who, in the disso lution of what was, and re-instalment in office of the responsible gorernment, have been no bodies. olding no seats, no seats are vacated. No representative holds office under the change to responsible government from irresponsibility. No member of it will go to the country. The change is one that does not alter tlhe form of government, does not admit a more popular element, but retains the nominee power, whilst it affords opportunity for resig nation and securing pensions The ministry, if we may use the term, by thie assumption of responsibility may be thrown out by an adverse vote and get their pensions, and their successors may do thie same, but the House by the change remains as it was, and the Lient. Governor can nominate again any place .hunters that lie chooses. The change is not to responsibility, but to convenience, and should be termed " a way and means to attain pensions as set forth under the New Constitution as quickly as possible." STDy EY -W'e have Sydney papers to 24th inst., but too late for lengthy extract. F lour was L40 to L43 per ton retail, and falling. Two cargoes of flour and wheat arrived on 22nld and 23rd from Talcahuano; several vessels were loading flour at that p for Australia, and advices from Califomrnia tell of immense shipments from thence. One or both of the cargoes arrived at Sydney will likely find their way to this colony. A SLIGHT rISTAlrEN.-In the police pro ceedings between ar Gray and the Town Sur Sveyor, respectling the removal nf the pathway in Little Malop-street, Mr Bonsey, the Poliee Ma gistrte, is made to dismits the case, in lieu of His Worship the Mayor. AuL'CTIOt.Fs II?Ehlc.esss.-iMebsrs. J. H. Hutton and John Davlson, obtained a renewal of their licenses, to carry on the business of suo tioneers and general commission agents. IAnvEnTtriBE?vET.1-LoArFEns' MlEET ino.-The meeting of the above, will take spilace on Friday evening, seth inst., at o'clock, nit t their roorms, Great Ryrie-street, near Preston's Ilotel. Uhair to be taken by the Captain. lIrenry Supple, Secretary. -N.5.--Mlembers must find their own brandy and cigars. 