CONTRIBUTORS TO TIIE LONDON ! DAILY PRESS. In a memoir of the late Mr Jolm Black, who ! was principal, editor of the Morning Chronicle, from 182 1 to 1844, we find the following enu meration of the writers, whose contributions have figured in the leading columns of that journal : — The late Duke of Sussex was an active purveyor for him, especially during tiie illness of George HE. and the Regency. His other frequent writers were Sheridan, Adair, D. Kinnaivd, General Palmer, Mr E. Dubois, the Rev. Mr Colton, Lord Holland (very often), the late John Allen, Poison, Jekyll, ' Tommy Hill' (facetiously reported to have been older than the Monument, the Great Fire of 1666 having de stroyed his baptismal register !), Horace Smith, and other worthies now no more. To these especially, and as more eminent political writers, may be added the name3 of Albany Fonblanque, James Mill, David Ricardo, C. P. Thomson (afterwards Lord Sydenham), Mr M'Culloch [one of his most steady and attached friends), and Mr Senior. These gentlemen wrote chiefly on subjects of political economy. Mr Chadwick, of course, provided Mr Black with ample material on the poor-laws. Mr Francis Place, though a Charing-cross tailor, supplied. Mr Black, as also did, Mr Hume, with invaluable material in the discussion of the repeal and alter ation of the combination laws, and the export of machinery, in 1824-5. - Many members of the Upper House also favored Mr Black with contri butions, especially the ' Jockey of Norfolk' — ?ailed the first Protestant Duke— the late Lords Erskine, Moira, Lauderdale, Durham and Essex. Among the deceased commoners, we have omitted honorable mention of the late Charles Bulltr, who in 1S30, then a student in Mi Coulson's chambers, first used hid pen for Black in lively and brief articles. The supposed ghost of Junius also haunted the editor's room. Sir Philip Francis was aulhor of the ' Historical Questions' which appeared in the Chronicle, and Proby, the sub-editor, was struck by the simili tude ot the handwriting to the facsimiles of the letters of Junius in the Public ledger. Sir Philip long occasionally communicated both with Mr Perry and Mr Black. Some of the living- — voluntary and able con tributors — will not, we are sure, be offended if 011 this occason we chroaiclo their names. Lord Brougham's handwriting was well known during the Queen's Trial, and for full v .1 mmrtpv nf n century afterwards. The Right Hon. Edward Ellice, the member for Coventry, was, years since, a frequent and valued correspondent. His handwriting could scarcely be deciphered by any one but Black, and occasioned no little difficulty to tho compositors. Mr Doxall (then overseer uf the Chronicle , now the manager of the Observer, under the younger Clement) used to bring down the MS. of the right honorable member into Black's room in despair : ' Sir, I wish the gentleman in the hieroglyphics would write legibly — the men can't make out liis signs.' Black' would reply, ' The asses ! let them try again : no man writes a finer hand or a more rocket leader !' Mr Joseph Parkes was a constant contributor from 1824 to later years ; and we believe that gentleman penned in Birmingham most of the leading articles in the Chronicle on Tithes dur ing the public agitation of that question and the Commutation Act. The same hand kept up a constant cannonade in Black's leaders on Muni cipal and Parliamentary and Law Reform, pre ceding 1851, and subsequently to the later settlement of those questions. Colonel Thomp son had also his entrei to Black's private room, and early launched the Corn Law question years before the Manchester League and Sir Robert Peel ' settled' it. Old Colonel Jones, in the Morning Chronicle as well as in the Times, in 1830, 31, and 32, discharged his rifle-shots into the. ranks of the ccrruptionists of that day. Tom Moore deposited with Black occasional prose leaders on Irish party subjects, fie also contributed poetry both to the Chronicle and the Times. Black's old friend aud school fellow, Mr Thomas Young, now living, was! another invaluable friend of both journals, ! especially in the crisis of the reform Acts, writ ing numerous articles for tho Chronicle, and also keeping the press au courant in such informa tion as Lord Melbourne (to whom Mr Young was then private secretary) considered important (or the right direction of public opinion. Sir Robert Peel, with all his prudery, did not think it inconsistent with his dignity to send a 'com- munication' noyv and then with ' Sir Robert Peel's compliments.'' He also had communica tions from Windsor in subsequent reigns. George III. -was more than suspected by Mr Black of the perpetration of a leading article, the subject being himself; but the proof in this ease was presumptive, not positive, though quite satisfactory to Mr Black. Nor was Black's use ful connection confined only to noblemen and gentlemen. He had a powerful corps of female contributors, amongst r/hom were the late Miss Etlgewortli and Mr3 Marcei;, Lady Caroline Lamb, and subsequently a living lady of singular talent aud force of mind, wife of an eminent historian. In this aristocratic list it will be seen that the public press is not quite -so vulgar a vocation as some fashionable persons would represent it. Nor is this communication with the press monopolised by the Liberals. We know that Conservatives, of all orders, in and out of Parliament, are glad to avail themselves of the leading columns of the press, and that a living noble Lord of that party is now a ready and frequent penman. 