THSrNEW CANADA TREATY. St John's News. The colonies will have a great deal to gain by means of this treaty, even if Jonathan is going to share with us in our fisheries. Now that it is certain, Ave may say, of going into effect before the month of December next, we may here offer a few remarks without pre judice one way or the other. Nearly all the articles to pass free are such as we do not require, or import very sparingly. Certainly there will be very little revenue affected. Even the staples of life, such as grain and flour, have for the last few years paid little or no thing into the Treasury, notwithstanding the dnty of 3s a barrel on the last-named article, inasmuch as we get all, or nearly ; .1, our flour from Canada via the United States (out of bond) duty free ; whereas the Canadians take nothing from us in return, because we have nothing to give them that they want, unless it be hard cash. Our people have for many years been trying to get this duty taken off American flour. The treaty settles tho question now and for ever. We have had sour, heavy flour long enough with which to tickle our palates, far the sake of what is called colonial reciprocity, a thing thought by some of our " protection" folks (for they are not all dead yet) to be paramount to everything else. Now, we know or nothing that we shall require in any considerable quantities from the United States, under the free-trade treaty, except breads tuft's. Hitherto, we have been ccnftued to one market wirh our staple articles, our timber and, our deals. We shall now have a new world thrown open to our commerce, a mar ket of 25,000,000. of people, along one unbroken sea board, from the harbour of St. John to Cape Florida. This is our natural market, according to the geography. So that if the trade of England, after this, suffers re verses, this province will not be dragged down into one c.ommon vortex. We have other customers to deal with. In a word, we have now a field twice as large as the old on® to work in, and therefore twice as much business will be done in the lumber way in this pro vince, and twice as many mills will be erected in the vicinity of this city, in order to supply the demand ; for, after all, New Brunswick must furnish the chief supplies. The forests of Maine will not make a decent patch upon the wilderness of Madawaska and the re gions of Kamouraska, and the Temiscouatee. Again, although Jonathan is to be allowed to catch the fish along the indentations of our coasts, follow them wherever they swim (so long as they do not give chase to the salmon and shad), we, on our part, are to be encouraged in the prosecution of the fisheries' by means of a new market being thrown open to us. It is a hard matter if Bluenose cannot catch fish and compete with Jonathan after this. Our Halifax neigh bours need not send all their cargoes to the West Indies in future. They will have nearer customers. Again, the article of cordwood, which is produced in considerable quantities across the bay, will be carried into Boston duty free, and the 30 per cent, will go into the pockets of the consumer and seller, and not into Uncle Sams till, as heretofore. Thousands of cords will be brought along our railroads in winter time, and shipped to the States. Again our potatoes will find lots of customers. In fact, there are many artic-les of agriculture, such as butter, cheese, beef, mutton, eggs, &c.;, which may be produced in this province in any quantities, and sent to the United States as freely as they may be sent to the country in St. John. Instead of our farmers being confined to 30,000 customers, they will have 25,000,000. They have only got to produce, and make money. We believe that this is as good an agricultural country as there is in the world ; as soon as this fact becomes known to our neighbours, there will be hundreds of persons from the United States who will come and settle the wilderness lands. Why? Because they know that they will have their own country for a market, and because all the best lands in the New England States (near the sea-coast) are already monopolised, and mostly cultivated. Nova Scotia will have lota of customers for all the coal she can produce. Aye, and the coal-fialds of New Brunswick will be opened up ; to say nothing of our excellent stone quar ries, which are even now attracting so much attention in New York. All these will be so many mines of wealth to assist in swelling the golden current. On the whole, we loek on this treaty as the com mencement of a new era in the history of this pro vince. A country so rich in natural resources as this is allowed to be, only requires an unrestricted inter course with other countries to make her prosperous and contented The fisheries have never been of any value whatever to this province. Our natural trade is in the wood productions of the land. Hence we do not think it a wise policy to stick up for principle that avails ur notring, especially since it is a "foregone conclu sion with John Bull that the fishery question must now be settled, and for ever, or we must take the con sequences upon our own shoulders, and defend, as best we can, what we conceive to be our colonial in heritance. From our London Correspondent. (Punch.) _ _ Athenaeum. Club, "Wednesday. Political news this wggIc. -A.berd.een is going out, and a good thing too, I supj>ose you will say. I>Fd you read the leading article in the leading journal, about the Baltic expedition ? That showed in what direction the household mouser intended to become saltatory, eh ? "WTio do you think wrote that article ? You will not easily guess, nor do I make any pretence to especial discernment, but it so happened that calling to tell the Editor something it was as well he should know, my eye fell upon the MS. of the article, and I recognised the hand-writing. It is Sir Charles Napier's, and it was sent home from the Baltic in a red envelope, by the Colombo transport, now at Woolwich. As soon as it appeared, Lord Aberdeen drove off in rage to rrinting House Square, and demanded that every word of it should be retraced. This was refused. He then re quired the author's name, and by way of mystification was told that tne remarks were from the pen of Mr Charles Kean. His lordship then declared that Mr Keen should never again perform at Windsor, and that he himself would resign the Premiership. If the pub lic is half as pleased with the latter resolution as the junior branches of the Royal Family are with tho former, we shall have an illumination. You have heard something of the story about the Bishop of Oxford (Wilberforce) leaving a religious meeting to go to a ball at Sutherland House, and° her Majesty telling one of her maids of honour, to go and dance with him. The papers have got the anecdote rather incorrectly. The Bishop did go, but he was rather entrapped into the ball-room. He was standing by the balcony looking down into the grand hall, where Viardo Garcia was singing Una voce, and* having pre viously been into the card-room to speak to the Arch bishop of York (who was being scolded by Lord Shaftesbury for twice revoking) the Bishop did not know that the Queen had arrived. Lady Ernestine Maltravers was near him, and both were enchanted with Viardot. " Oh, my dear Bishop," said the lovely E. M., " I positively must give the dear thing my bouquet. Would you fetch it?—it is on the. couch opposite the Murillo." What could Samuel do? He went smilingly to the ball-room, and making his way to the place, confronted the astonished look of his royal mistress. "Well, Doctor Wilberforce," said the head of the Church; but in the mild words was conveyed the essence of a whole judgment of Convocation. The humbled Lord of Oxford took up the flowers, and backed out of the presence. " Going to decorate an altar?" said Lord John Russell, as the Puseyite prelate passed him. He made no reply, but presented the bfiuquet to its charming owner, who protested that she had changed her mind about giving it up. "While they ■tfeie speaking, pretty Lady Marguerite, Vymblymton tripped up, and begged to engage the Bishop for the next d&tx-temps.; The Wilberforce wit came to the aid of the once-cauglit-twice-shy prelate : " Pas deux temps!" (Not twice !) he said, bowing and evaporating. Her Majesty sent over an autograph letter by Prince Albert to Louis Napoleon, with which the latter was much pleased. I did not see it, but I have reason to think that I am pretty well aware of the contents. They were not political, nor were they complimentary, but they were simply £o say that her Majesty had no hesitation in entrusting the Prince to the care of a steady man like the Emperor, but she hoped they would not smoke too many cigars, or feel it necessary to baptise the entente cordiale in too much claret. It was observed that in accordance with this hint the royal personages retired early each evening, but an officer in the Cent Guards writes me word that the Emperor had a meershaum at his bed-room window. You do not care much about theatrical intelligence, and, indeed, I seldom go into the front of a theatre, though I occasionally lounge into the green-rooms to have a gossip with the actresses, and to give them a hfnt as to the costume and other matters. I hear, how ever, that they are going to revive Hamlet at the Adelphi, with a cast which I should think, would be attractive. Hamlet will be played by Miss Woolgar ; Ophelia, by Mr Keeley; Ghost, Mr Paul Bedford (with " I believe you, my boy," when his son names his uncle as the murderer); Osric, by Mr Ryder (from the Princess's); and Gertrude, by Mr O. Smith. A great tank which the late Mr Yates made below the Adelphi stage (for an aquatic spectacle) is being re stored, and will be filled with real water, in which the drowning of Ophelia will be seen, and Mr Keeley is practising swimming every day in order to avoid an aeci^gnt. The catastrophe of the play will be altered, from a recently discovered folio edition, and Hamlet, after. Ailing Laertes, will fight a terrific combat with the invading Fortinbras, expiring at the moment of victory. Some passages apropos to to the Turkish resis tance of Russia have been introduced, and I have no doubt the affair will be hit. There will be some new peerages created before the meeting of Parliament. Lord John is still unable to gethis, but Mr Disraeli goes up to the Lords as Vis count Palestine, at Mr Gladstone's especial instance. LorcLDu^ley Stufitt, who is understood to be indignant that he.was not made President of the Board of Health, instead ofhis more able colleague, is to be consoled by the Baron Platitude; and I think, but am not sure that Mr Roebuck becomes Lord Buckram. Colo nel Sibthorp applied for a peerage, but his request is under consideration, several members of the House of Lords having earnestly protested against his being sent up there. The next vacant Garter has been promised to a friend of my own, whose name it weuld be prema ture to mention. That Acrobat affair at Doncaster has made a noise. Why the horse Bhould on Wednesday lose disgrace fully, and on Friday win triumphantly, may be a sort of mystery to some folks, but I can assure you—and I am pretty well acquainted with stable secrets,—that all was fair, that Lord Derby's conduct was strictly ho nourable, and that Scott was as innocent as a baby. Tha4hct was that Acrobat would have beaten on Fri day, but for his extreme terror. One of the horses be hind him—I think Orlando—got into Acrobat's stall some nights before, and viciously bit a piece out of the root of his tail. Seeing the same horse on the ground on Friday, and dreading a repetition- of the outrage, Acrobat set off like the wind, and beat everything. Lord Derby knew this quite well, and made a good joke about " tailing off," which I should spoil by en deavouring to repeat. Sloman has been acquitted of the charge of perjuring himself, in order to arrest Madame Caradori. When I heard of the case I said that although the defendant might be a slow man (Sloman) he had made the prose cutrix fast. This is the only jeu de mot I have heard this week, but as the Editor of the Morning Advertiser has returned from his travels, I hope ere long to have some specimens of wit and wisdom to send you. 