r.ELI/S LIFE IN SYDNEY. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1S55. Benison and Science. Öuii contemporaries have, lately beei sedulously administering to their readers soma very original views about om new Governor. The MORNING GHOST O the Southern Metropolis-the HERALD rejoices in the fact that Sir William is ar eminent, .scientific man. So do we. Bul in what sense is Sir William a scientific . * man ? ls our new Governor a really prac- tical philosopher, prepared to carry oui those great public, works which this colonj stands confessedly so much in need of ; ' 01 will he shut himself up itt our Museum, surrounded by antipodean fossils, and newly discovered nuggets? Will Sir Wil- liam Denison write his name on the Rail- ways, the Electric Telegraphs, thc Fortifi- cations, of New South Wales of the future, or shall his, scientific Excellency .be only known as the founder of an " An- tiquarian Association", where the eminent Professor Swiggins read a communication on the subject of extracting blood from a atone* and thc learned Mr Sell exhibited a silk purse, manufactured entirely from a sow's ear? In making these enquiries we are not animated by any disdainful feelings to .vfai'ds " Learned Associations," " Botanic Societies," or " Industrial Expositions." ,On the contrary, wc know that trivial dis .?plnys and apparently Useless disquisitions often lead to the most important dis- coveries. Weare not Colonial Sibthorpcs, prepared,to move that* bur Australian friends visiting thc Paris Exhibition, on tJicir return be tarred and feathered, their .beads shaved, and their pockets emptied! Rut what we want to impress on the minds of our readers just now, is tin's-a ,hope that our. new Governor, who has been favorably mentioned to us HECAUSE of his scientific abilities, will 'not contine or expend« those scientific abilities merely in aN.S.W. branch of.the British Associa- tion. If his Excellency does nothing 'more than this, wc imagine his scientific jottftinmcnts will be looked upon as of lit .ile. practical good. Just fancy thc LITE- RATI of Sydney forming themselves into 'a " Royal Society", anti having theil* half .'yearly or annual meeting. We should 'have to chronicle thc event somehow ofter itlie following stvle: . "Royal Society of N.S.W. This learned body met this year in the large hall, of-.the Australian Museum, when after an excursion to thc site of some Botany Bay or other remains,, and an in 'vesligation into the.nature and quality of the beer of the natives, Professor Swell ji-ad.a paper on ''"London Gin."... The illustrious Professor- considered that sold at two'and sixpence a bott]? preferable, "when a friend had to pay for it';, that at .two shillings hefound sufficiently pure and \Strong, in cases when,he himself had to act .aa. the'purchaser. London Gin was divid- ed into diH'ercnt species, ol" which the .poetical " cream of the walley," for the .use of hardstand the more familiar " Old . Tom," for mixing in general society were ihe: best known. Gin contained turpen- tine to n. huge, ex tont; and such was thc inflammable nalilre of it, that it would be a .really inierCHting experiment to ascertain .?.be.?,,?'r- !» .'gentleman - placing the lighted .slit! of a.cigar, to, his.month.alter imbibing 'alarmingVquajiUties of the. liquor in ques- tion, would"hot1 at once take fire.. He 'would siiggrst that soine'such trial should vb.e 'made', on a.futurc occasion,' when the ^Volunteer Fire Brigade could be in .attendance. Thc remainder of the day -was devoted to an animated conversation on certain Colonial cherries, which grew ?.'with .their stones outside ; and some in- teresting 'experiments ns to the amount of liquids and solids really containable in the ' human stomach." ' .. ;'; 1 Now, ns we have already intimated, a Colonial ,'society for the advancement of science, would be all very well in its way. ; Speaking. seriously, we should he glad to . see. the " learned " " and the " influential " jif Australia carrying out on an extended scale, the enquiries- of a Clarke, and the experiments of a Hargmves. There is a 'wide';, andpromisirig field inviting 'their .united; labours. But itislo bc hoped that .the . usefulness of our new. Governor's ?scientific knowledge will neither begin¡nor "end herc. It is to bc hoped that whilst . this colony is wanting passable toads and ;working railways-that, whilst, its vast mineral resourcesare comparatively unde- veloped ; and its chief, city-so far as re- j .-gards, »ts public accommodations--^an odious comparison to tiny notable English. town, Sir William Denison will seek pri- marily the accomplishment of those great public works, winch appear most inime dihtely necessaryi and attainable. It is only t|ie superficial and : the I sceptical, will doubt for a moment that the I poop e of this colony are a practical utili- tarian people. It is true, that we cannot point to our rural districts and exclaim, " Behold our Railway»!" Or with a Cali- fornia boast, say that part of ou it Sacra- mento is built upon the sea ! Still, weare, if anything at all, a practical people. Anyhow we are not much given to abstrac- tions. New South Wales keeps no Poet Laureate. It holds in little reverence the DELI it AME NT A DocTHiNAî of transcendental castle-builders' and day-dreamers. Our "younger sons" study fork husbandry, for thc express purpose of making the Governor's tip last to the end of the quar- ter ; our Merchants dive into monetary science in order to make both ends meet; and our Diggers work out claims in the sure and certain hope of becoming, one day or other, miniature mints-locomotive banks on a lilliputian scale. We trust Sir William Denison will not overlook this distinguishing feature bf the colony, over which he rules. There is one more remark which we wish to make, and that is this : there are amusements cultivated amongst us which tend DIRECTLY, to the developemènt of science. One of our Anniversary Re- gatta's does more for - the- advancement of science, than the theorising of half a dozen learned bodies would accomplish in a century. Let our new Governor patronise and encourage these amusements; and if his love of science does nothing else, it will be of this practical' utility-it will add two or three réd letter days to the wry few that the working popula- tion, of this Colony now appreciate and enjoy. 1NEST SUA GRATIA PARVIS. 