UaIseMLv CoNoyavauny.-_ Iho case or Tid man against Ainslie, under the above heading, Is at Iength settled. Mr. Ainsllehas apologised for the intemperate language lie used iu defence of hi friend Davies, or-the real state of whose aiklirs heldedos not appear to have h?d any accu rate knqwlodge, and has admitted that, in the ease whieh ? rmed the ground of action, Dr. 'LidUman did liohing unbecoming the chnrneler ofa Christian gentlemtn, . Mlr. Whateley, Q C., the asbithator it the case, has issued his award, which Ia as fullows s--' Whereas, at the sittings at Nisi L'tus, held at Westminster Hall:on Wednesday. the twenty-eighth day of June i;ast, before the itight Honorable Sir Frederick Pol lock KnlightChief Uarot of the Enchequer, on the trial ofa causeoin which A rthurl'idman was plaintiff, and iRobert Alnslie was defendant-it was ordered by the court, with the Consent of the patties, their counsel and ttornlies, tiat the said cacus should be referred to the award and determination of me William Whateiey, so as 1 might award before the second ofl ovember hen neat ensuing, with liberty to mp under my hand, in writing, to enlargethe time for making pay awald. It was alto ordred that I abopld have all tihe powers as to certifying, if a judge at NIs Priuls; and to order,'if I should think fit. that the costs of tilhe special jury herein should n be paid.by the defendnts -also tihat lithe costs of the cause should abide thoevent of this my award; and that the costs of tshe reference and anod thei award should be in my diseretion t and hereas, i, thile anold arbitrator, did enlarge the time for making this Iny award, olil the i elevelnth dlay January nlest i l, i. tih said o r bltrator, havoing heard and esxmined oil the el. t daence produced before. mer, do award antd order that the plaintilfllad a goold cause ofactiln, nod a that he is entitled to succeed upon all tihe issues between tile pnrlles I and, farther, that the de fendnnt shalt pay the costs of tils reference, and or'this my award ; and I certify that this was a proper collie to be tried by a apecial jury l&e.; And I ordter thsat tire costs tlhereof shall be paid by the defendant, &c; "(Signed)t t l'sLLIAao WHATtLoY."' ' LAUtiCoSTo RAcls.-The following were v l the winning horses on Thursday :-Tirwo year t old Sweepstakes, Mr. Monce's Matd of Judall t< All-ago Stakes, Mr. Jolhn Field's Heiressa Morchant's ,Purse, Mr. Lyall'e Messenger; t Brower's Purse, Mr. Manco' Miss Lucy, y. Friday :-Tavern Plito, Mr. Allen's Chance ; P Ladioe' Purse, Mr. Gee's Lady Lydia i Con- e solation Stakes, Mr. Field's Merry Maid. 1 DEATI or DR,. KITTro.-Wo regret to re- . cord the death of the Rev. Dr. Kitto, widely known and esteemed as the editor of the "Pic torial lible," and author of numerous works s in illustration of the sacred text. Dr. Kitto a died at Canstadt, near Stuttgard, on the s21tih Nov., In the 51st year of his ago. A CIOm set PLO erLIST.-Yang, the choief of tie Chinese insurgents, has published an edict against the dritking'of wine. In this docu- .I ment he calks himselfPrince of the East, Con- I solcr, the Holy Ghost, the Preceptor, the So promo Plhysician, the Firt Minister of the P State, and tile Captain-General of the army. INcnustsE CsoNSUIPTION or TaA.-A par liamentary paper recently published shows that I in the ten months ended the 1thi Nov., 1852, the quantity of ten entered for home consump-I tion was 47,122,079 lbs. ; in 1853, 49,800,547 0 lbs.; and in 1854, 51,401,818 lbs. GLovES.--In Paris there are annually con- . sumed 1,600,000 kid and lamb skins, for fabri cation into gloves ; in Iruxclles, 800,000 ; in Grenoble, 800,000 ; in Annonay, 3,200,000- w making a total, within four cities, of 6,400,000. S To work this into gloves requires just double ln the number of eggs-12,800,000-at an annual d expense of 630,000f. TIIn NATURAL IIIBTonY CHIIAI IN EDIN unauRo UN1vERnstY.-Profe0or Trail haseen be appointed by the College Committee of the I, Town Council, to fulfil the duties of the vacant d chair for the present session. Several candi dates are int the field for the permanent up- is pointment. Among these are Professor James 1 Nlicol, Sir W1. Jardino, and Professor Hark. i nese, of Queen's College, Cork.-Scotsman. U ExTnAoRno*NuR LAND SLIP AT Anenay- I oCnAN.-A land slip of a most singular charac- c ter took place on the Rhlwfrank Mountain, f near Abersychan, in the latter end of Novem. d her. The Inhabitants wereularmed by a strange rumbling nolse in the earth, as if of an ap proaching earthquake. The noise was very distinctly heard at the house of Mr. Roger Newell, in tile vicinity of the British iron works, at the base of the mountain. At day light Mr. Newell was much alarmed by finding that there had been an immense land slip of almost the entire top of the mountain to Its base, carrying with it the oak and other trees, and committing other ravages. The causes of this land slip are completely enveloped in myse a tery, as there have been no undertakings of any description in tile mountain. Some of the country peope declare that in the course of the night they saw fire ssuing from tihe top of tihe mountain.-Swansea HIIrald. Tile NEw PAItsIAN POLIoL.-The new gardes do Paris have just made their appear anes in the streets of the first arrondissement. They are nearly all men front 25 to 35 years of age, of good height, and for the most part have been In the army. They wear a blue uniform, buttoned tight in front, with the arms of the city of Paris on the collar. They have outside a loose coat of coarse cloth, with a hood to go over the head in cold weather. A sword, and a small round cap complete the equipment. Timl WATER-wEeD "ANACHIARIs ALSINA sTntUe"--It has at various times been stated that this plant first appeared in tile loch of Dunse Castle, Berwickshire, and was detected by Dr. Johnston, of Berwick, in 1842. It has now entirely disappeared. The progress of its growth was not watched particularly at the i time, but in 1847 the losh was so completely filled with this plant that it became impossible to pull a boat through the water without the greatest exertion. At this time there were a few swans upon thle loc. Indeed, these birds were accused of having first introduced it. The swans lived entirely upon this plant, and began to increase in the most unusually rapid manner. In 1848 one pair of birds raised a brood of seven young. Three pair raised broods of five eals, besides several pair which reared respec tively three and two young. Ily theyear 185 the lake was entirely, or, at least, nearly eo, cleared of every appearance of anchari alsinastrum, and then tihe swans began to die. Mr. Hay had them fed with corn and vegetables, but nothing seemed to save them ; they gradu ally began to pine, and are now reduced to the original number of a few pair. But for the last three years there has not been a single leaf of the weed seen in time beloch, so completely have the swans eradicated it from the water. They follow the small bunts down to the Whitadder in search of it, and appear to be its most relentless persecutors.-Berwick Warder CrLAYTON's PATENT BRICK-ItAKINO AIA cllNsE.-Mr. Clayton, who has been for some time favorably known to the scientific world as the inventor of a number of useful machines for manufacturing tiles, drainage pipes, hollow bricks, and other articles produced from brick earth, is now exhibiting a machine for making ordinary building bricks. The great advantage Mr. Clayton claims ,for this invention is that it prepares the clay and moulds the bricks by a single operation. It consists of an improved pugging mill, from which by the same action that turns the mill and grinds or pugs the clay, a solid mass of tile length and thickness of an ordinary brick, is discharged continuously on formed by a enter worked by boys, and pro duces twelve bricks by each action of the lhand. The total number of bricks made by the ma cite being, when worked by two horses or an engine of equal power, and attended to by a man and two boys, 2000 an hour. So far as a single trial afforded the means of judging (and tile opinion is homreo out according to the state ment ol the inventor by actual results in nearly one hundred instances where the machine is at work), tho inrvntion appears fully to realise its objects. Itls nxceedlngly simple, not liable to get out of repair, and by no means costly; and the size of the bricks may bo incresued or di mtnlshed at pleasure by altering tile guage of the roilors, by which the clay on its exit from the nmll is compressed and moulded. A Scans oN NW-As tL qUAvY.-It is a pretty well known fact that in ferv towns in the kingdom does there prevail a stronger feeling of tie justice of the present war with Russia, or a more highly spirited sympathy waih our couutrympnlin arms in the Crimes, than in Nowcastlo-on-Tyne. All classes, from the highest to the lowest, feel proud and jealous of thp anaional character, and of the county Nor. thumborland h. a contributoed a condiderabloe coltingent of ofilcers and man to our army and I navy during the war. Every morning, mnte. diately afer tie publication of the 'limes, an abstract of the latest intelligonce is telegraplld t down to Newcastle, and posted in the Contral I Exchange and Sandhill Nows-rooms. Tile Quay-silo merchants ofrquent tie latter, and, a it appears, lave been a good deal annoyed by the obtrusive conduct of one of their number, I in a slmall way of busincss as a broker, and alln I agent for one of tile Austrian insurance com. t panles, who, like tile (reeks at Manchecster, has I not disguised his satisfaction on tihe arrival of I intelligenco adverse to the wishes of English. I ton. Last wook greotindignationwas created upon tile memnbers ascertaining that some one ; had underscored with rod ink those portions of the intelligonce received by the morning's ex- I press unfavorablo fo tile English and French a arms. This audacious insult to the feelings of the members was traced to the person in ques- I tion, and the casoo was immediately represented I to the committee of management, who called a I general meeting of the members on Monday, to deal with it. There was a largo muster of erchalnts on that day, and the delinqsont p- I peared to defend himself. After hearisg his explanations, he was required to retire whil I the members deliberated on his conduct. It ) appears that Ihe refused to do so, when a lane I was made, down which he lhad to run the guantlet amid hisses and laughter. He was r baloted out, and his name was ordered to be struck out of the books. It appears thiat he is i also a member of the other noes-room, and at requisition is being signed to hold a meeting of I eo scembers to eject him bro it also.-Times. I Sp1oi-nio CANNON.-To the editor of thei Times,-Sir-It has occurred to me that by a I simple method cannon might be so formed that I the operation of spiking would only render tniem useless temporarily. If, instead of the i present method of boring the touch-hole in the I cannon itself, a perforation an inch or so in diameter be made in its place, and a conical t plug adapted to screw tightly into it, then by having the touch-holo in this plug, if the cannon were spiked, this plug could be unscrewed and I a fresh one inserted in a minute. Tile cannon should be perforated all of one size, so that all I the plugs would fit any ofthem. I remain, sir, yours very respectfilly-John Lamb Luck Icy. Alnwick, Nov. 21. CArTAmN Nor.AN.-Extrmet from It letter I written bya young ofcer, dated " Camp before I Sebastopol, October 20 :-Poor Louis Nolan has gone to his rest. In a cavalry action three days ago he bore an order from Lord Raglan s to Lord Lucan to chargo a battery of heavy I field pieces, and, in the act of delivering it, a piece of shell struck him on the left breast, and I passed through his body. Death, by the mercy t of Heaven, was instantaneous. Poor Louis Is he was a gallant soul. The day before his i death, I am glad to think, I met him, and he 1 said-' Woll, Bob, is not this fun P I think it c is tile most glorious life a man could lead.' I Few men of his years promised to be such an I ornament to his profession. I am sorry to say, t now that he is gone, some people here say that, in the heat of the moment, poor Louis gave Lord Lucan a wrong order. Such is not the t case. The order was a written one, and thero. I fore the mistake was not on his slde."-Cale- I donion Mercury. INSURANCE AOAINIT IAILWvAY AccIDENTs. -All serious railway accidents become known, and are tabulated once a year by the Board of Trade ; destroyed lives and broken bones occupy places itn the tables; and those who are most interested in the matter find that they can strike a kind ofyearlyaverago evenamong such things as broken axles, defective tires, reckless drivers, and thoughtless passengers. The number of railway journeys, the number of miles in cach journey, and the number of pas sengers in each train, compared with the num. ber of lives lost and limbs broketi, afford data on which the company proceed ; and thIus we have the table of rates. You proceed on a railway journey ; you pay one, two, or three pence for an insurance ticket ; and if you lose your life by an accident during that journey, your representatives will receive two, five, or ten hundred pounds. You may insure for a single journey, a double journey, or for all journeys within a stated definite time. Again, railway servants and others who travel much, can in like manner be insured, but at higher rates of premium, on account of the higher risk. Nor is this all, if the insurer suffer per sonal risk without loss of life, he receives com pensation for medical services and loss of time. 1 Thllis system is really what it professes to be. In about four years, among the railway tra vellers who procured these very economical insurance tickets, more than four hundred met with railway accidents, of one kind or other, int respect to which one company paid 14,000 pounds, giving an average of about thirty-five t pounds to each person injured. In some cases t one penny was paid to the company, and two Ihundred pounds paid by tile company. It is found titlat, after a large batch of railway acci dents, people rush to the company to obtain tickets; but when accidents are few, passengers forget all about it. A year or two ago one of Great Western directors lost his life by a rail way accident; he had an insurance for one thousand pounds ; tie money was paid to his representatives; and forthwish a great influx of insurers appeared. The first half of the present I year was not "rich" in fatal railway accidents, and insurers did not come forward in large numbers; but the present half-year has been more fatal. When the hapless excursion train went from Dover to the Sydenham Palace in August last, there were seventy excursionists who held insuranco tickets ; but nearly all of these happened to take their seats in the first half of the train, which reached the Crystal Palace in safety, and the company have had to bear a light instead of a severely heavy pres sure. Considering how much good one penny will thus buy, we could wish that railway in surers were reckoned by hundreds of thousands rather than by tons of thousands. If some plan could be adopted between all the compu uies, whereby one payment and one ticket might cover both the insurance aqd the journey, almost every traveller would be willing to incur this extra charge of a penny or two.-Dickens's Household Words. RonnBu?.--On Thursday a man went to Dr. Clarke's to ask his advice: the doctor being engaged at the momedt, the visitor was shown into the consulting room and left. In a few moments, however, Ithe walked off, and upon reaching the street-door li pstarted off running, and was seen by one of the children carrying something. Nothing was missed at the time, but shortly afterwards some one wanted a tooth extracted, and then the discovery was made tlat the instruments, a pocket-book full of papers, and some other things, had been stolen. AeNzvansAny SEnuoy s.-The ioc. F. Mitller, from Hobarl Town, will preach tite asniversary sermons at Tamar- street Chapel to-morrow. NEW PATENTS.—A gentleman recently re- turned to the colony has put into our hands the following card : it is suggestive of by- gone days:—George Fred. Goble, C.E., Inventor and Patentee of the Doubleaction selfregulating steamvalves, Continuous hy- dralic power, Trigonal water machines, Hypo- thenular wind mills, Multipotent marine propellers, Multipedal carriage movements, Triumph door locks, Spring key ditto, Lever bolted ditto, Serrated machine connectors, Adjusting rigging supporters, Spring swivel checks, &c;, &c.; Any further information can be obtained at 7, Trinity- street, Borough, London, between 10 and 3. TInE DBAP SPE-AL--VIhOn a few dltys ero Mr. Horace Mann communicated to the Leg lature of MDIa?ssuchusetts, as the result of h educatlonary investigations in Europe, that In Paris Ie found a school of deaf scholars, who II read aloud, who talked readily, mnd so well as E comaletely to deceive him t for he had heard of the fact, and visited a public school to see it for e Iimself, and after being shown intoone depart- r mecnt, and listening awhlde to the recltatlons, ho I asked to be shown the deaf department, and was 1 surprisetd to find Ithe was already li it, and had ti been listening to their recitationas without know- n lng it, antd that tile gentlemanly attendant was himself deaf-the whole country was taken by surprise and almost incredulity. But we lave in our midst a living illustration of the a possniblity of all Mr. Mann related. Mr.True- " nat Blossom, the brother of Levi Blossom, tl who lives on the Racine road, just without the it city limits, comes into our office regularly for lis paper, and frequently to read our exchanges, and hie calls for his paper, asks for the news, and converses with us quite readily. And he is utterly deaf. Ho understands what is said to hin simply by the motion of the lips.-Tele graph. IIORnnRIB TRAGEDY AT nUDBUaY.-TII r particulars connected with this fearful tragedy may be thus briefly stated :-It appears that a labouring man, named Willian Gamne,about 45 years of age, had for some time past lived on unhappy terms with his wife, who was a hard working and sober female. On Friday mor ning the unfortunate woman, who had been attending the death-bad of a man, returned home to change her clothes, so that she might attend the fimnerl. Sho then wont ntto the garden to procure a pall of water, and on her return to tile cottage site was attacked by lier husband, who stabbed her in several places, one wovnd passed through tihe neck into the throat, another penetrated tie fleshy part of the neck under the car, and the third was of a considerable depth a litto lower down, which caused almost instant deant. Her husband, on finding what ho had done cut Iis own throat, completely severing tile windplpe, but, strange to say, up to Friday morning he was still alive, altlhougit not the least hopes can be entertained of his ultimate recovery. Tithe deceased and tile murderer lind been both married twice, and four children were tie issue of the two mar ringes. BInUoLAnY.-Somo thieves gained an en trance into aroom at the residence of R. C. Gunn, Esq., Pcnquite, by breaking a window open on Wednesday night ; they carried off a pair of blankets and several other things. TuIe ALLIED PoSITION.-The allied armies t am encamped upon a plat of above four miles in length nnd six in breadth, but the ground is so high above the nelghbouring valleys that a large force on these heights could resist ten times its number. Towards Balaklava tile - ascent from the plain below is, generally speak ing, very abrupt, so that from the sea to the Tnkermann Valley --i.e., the valley by the side of which an important part of the harbour of Sebastopol runs-is easily defended. The French have raised a breastwork along the whole line, batteries are placed in well-selected positions, redoubts and redans comtmand cer tain roads and passes, and where thie smallest chance offered for a cavalry passage due pro tection has been applied ; so that as long as we have an army of the present strength, no enemy need be feared in this direction. The plateau on which we rest is not square, but bounded by three curves-one on the coast line ; the second, or Balaklava line, from the sea to the point whence you look down into the Inkorman Valley; the third, running from that point towards the sea, parallel with the town, and dipping towards the coast, until at last it is about level with the highest part of the arsenal side of Sebastopol. Along this lat line, upoa spurs of hills running out towards the fortress, our batteries are placed, the French, or left attack, occupying the broad slip spoken of above as level with a part of the town. Of course, between thleso spurs there are gorges, and these run down and meet the plain, which narrows as you draw from Inkermaon seaward. Tie only .assailablo part of our position is that towards the fortress; but even that may be set down as perfectly secure, considering the force we always have at hand, provided ordinary watchfulness be exercised. Wo have on the t right attack four batteries, named as follows : Right Lancaster. Left Lancaster, Green-hill, and Four-gun Battery, mounting about 30 guns; and on the left the large Green-hill battery, with 36 guns, our nearest gun being at least 1200 yards from Sebastopol. In advance we have run an approach which is within 600 yards of the enemy ; but this is not intended to aid a battery so much as to form a cover for the storming party whenever an attack shall be determined on. In rear of these batteries, beginning from our extreme right, lie tie 2nd, g 1st Light, 3rd and 4th Divisions, ready at a moment's notice to repel any sortie, should the covering parties find themselves unable to hold 8 their own. The great difficulty on the English ° side consists in the rocky nature of the ground, a which quite prevents sapping close up to the walls, and terribly increases the labor for the It poor men. Between us and tile French there b is a long and deep ravine, beyond which are t the French batteries, finely placed on a level ' with the high ground of the town, and, as the e soil is comparatively deep, the engineer has a better chance. General 1(izot is one of the Viuban school, and is quietly, but confidently approaching tle walls. The batteries defend ing Sebastopol are five in front and two in the town, all mud works, and apparently well I constructed. As to the number of guns it is impossible to speak accurately. There are probably not less than 150 in position, and the injury received from the allies during the day is repaired from the arsenal during the night.- Globe. THEI WR?oo ow nBY THE EAR. --In com. pany the other night, a number of ladies being present, a young man proposed a conundrum, which, he said, he had read in the papers. It was thisc:-"When is a lady not a lady ?" There was a pause. "Give it up,"' said all round; when, to the infinite horror of the whole party, the querist exclainmed, "When she's a little buggy." Nobody laughed; some were demure, some indignant; and some no doubt inclined to scratch-the querist's face a little, He was disappointed. Fumbling in his pocket he pulled out a paper, which consulting for a moment, he ejaculated,, Oh, I beg your pardon, ladies I I made a mistake. The answer is, ' When she's a little sulky.' I knew it was some sort of a carriage." WESLEVAN It8SIONArtY SoW0tBTY.-To morrow the Rev. J. A. Manton, from Hobart Town, will preach two sermons in the Wesleyan Chapel, Patterson-street, on behalf of the above society; and on Monday evening the annual public meeting will be held at the same place. Several ministers and gentlemen will address the mectiug, and the chair will be taken nt 7 o'clock. fXPLORATION OF AusTrnALIA.-The Adelaide Register states :-We have been favoured with the persuanl of a letter, written (from London) by Captain Sturt to a gentleman of this city, under date of December 7, and from which we have been permitted to make the following extract, in reference to the expedition to Northern Australia :--" I have been engagged by the Duke of Newcastle to organise the northern expedition, not to command it ; and I have at length completed everything, and hope to scmo all the scientific gentlemen embark in the next steamer for Sydney. Mr. Gregory will hkave no light task to perform, but if he succeeds It will greatly benefit the colonies." The 'Perth (Western Anstralin) paper says : " We have muchl pleasure in hearing that our old fellow-colonist, Mr. Drummond, sen, of Toodyay, has been offered the appointment, by tile Secretary of State of Botanist to the Great Australian expedition, which Mr. A. Gregory his recently left this colony to take charge of." PoloOertonan.-On Wednesday Mrs. How lott charged Margaret Harris and Jonathan Shadwell with robbing her of £20 and three gold rings. It appeared that thie wholo party concerneadhad been drinking to excess at the residence of lMrs. Howlett, (the wife of Thomas iHowlett, recently convicted of larceny at Webster's sale), and tie next morning prosceu trix missed the articles. The case was dis missed. (~Ij We are requested by Mr. Beoll to call attention to the following stock sales next week :-At Dodery's, Longford, on Monday, the 5th, horses of various descriptions, farming implements, fat and store sheep and cattle, &c.; Tuesday, atWrigit'syards, Evandalc, fat sheep, store do., fat bullocks, tc. Wednesday, at Pascoo's yards, Carrick, fat shoeop, store wothers, fat bullocks and cows, working bullocks, horses, &C.; ? WeVo beg to call the attention of the trade and parties in the country, to sale of deal boards, by Mr. W. T. Bell, on Thursday next, as they are all prepared nnd ready for use. ([® Sale of Land. Dairy He-lrd, Horses, Cnars, &c.;, near tlo. Turnpike, Hobart Town Road.-This sale, by Mr. llowe, will take place on Tuesday next, 6th March. Refreshments will boe provided at 12 o'clock. The extensive town property of Mr. Thomas Button will be sold by Mr. Howe, on the premises, corner of Frederick and Margaret streets, on Monday next. Luncheon will be provided at 12 o'clock. 