POBTEY.^OllIGINXLANDrsiiLiECJ'T. .. -..-.?? : ? -?.- ??:????'?_? --w, ^.,v,- ,. ,i:i.i-r i : ?'..'???????????'? FORGET ME NOT.- . 1.:f.:c(^ -'. The star that shines so pure and bright,'. ' ' ''?'? ./ f,, ...tike a. fur-off i-lace of liliss, '/i- ?-! Aha tells 'the broken-hearted ': ' . f | ... . There are brighter worlds than this ; ; , .': The mbl'in that' c(iu '-ties thriiugh the sky, | j Like imins uncertain, doom, [ Now sbinintf bright with borrow'd light, i Now wrH|ij)'(l in deepest gloom,— Or wlipn (?(rliiM'd.'ti drearv bhink. ??. A fVaiTu emblem given Of the keart shut .out by a:sinful world From t-lie blessed light of heaven ;-— The fl'\vor that freely casts its wealth. . ; Of perfume on the gale ; The breczrtliat mourns the-suvnmer's close, With melancholy wail; The stream that cleaves the mountain's side: Or unrules from the grot, All S|Hak in their Creator's name, And s:iy ' Forget me not !' When man's- vain heart is swollen with-pride, And his hau'ility lip is curl'd. And from the so -frier's seat he smiles Conteiv.pt 'upon the world ; Where glister .crowns, au'l coronets, J'.iWfi stars ihwc'sfeih the skied, Ami Flattery's incense rises thick To blind a m'oiia rcli s eyes ; Where the courtier's' tongue 'with facile lie A royal ear beguiles ; Where suitors live on promises, ??? And sycophants on smiles ; Where each as in .a theatre . Is iKiule tn play his'part, Where the diadem Im'es » troubled brow, And the star an aching heart; Tlioie, even there, 'nsid pomp and power, Is oft a voice that calls 'Forget me nnV'. in thunder, Throughout :the palace walls. Or in the lionse of banqueting Where the madd'niug bowl is flush, And the shaine'ess ribald boest o' deeds For wi.ifh the chenk should blush ; Where from the --ft drain'cl goblet's brim The eye ol mirth is lit ; Where the rold conceits of a trifler's brain Pass for the. coin of wit; Where Flattery sues to 'Oman's ear, And tells his ta e again. And Beauty smiles npn- things so mean, ? We blush ti- ca'il tliein men ; . M mini US san io i;e-n tnr ii'i^/iiin, unique Apply its lifckme'l arts :— Oh ! their neads would be the hollowest things. JiUt lor their hnilmver hearts ; But, hist ! the reveller's shout is still'd The Min:.', the jest forgot ; The liair is snappd, the s«nrd descends, With a dread'*; b'ur^et me not !' Go! hie tlute to the rank churchyard .; Where flits the shadowy ghost And see how little pride has left Whereon to raise a lioast See Beauty claiming sisterhnod With the noisouie reptile worm— Oh, where are ah the graces fled ? -That' once.array'ii.-.her form .' Fond hope no more on her smile will feed, , ? Nor wither at her fro' n : Her head will ivst more quiet now ?Than wl en it -lept on down. With cloven crest and. bloody shroud The once proud warrior lies ; And the patriiitfs''heart hath not a throb To give to a nation's cries. .&! solemn voice will. greet thine ear As thou lingerest- round the spot, And cry from inn the sepulchre, ?'; ' Frail man, forget me not !' 'Forget me not,' the thurder roars, As It hursis its suipnuiy uiouu; ?Tjr niuiniur'd by the distant hilis . In echoes long'a'nd loud ; ; 'Tis written by ihe Almighty's hand In characters of flame, ? When the light ings gleam with, vivid flash.,-. And his wr«th and power proclaim. 'Tisrnurmur'd whet, the white wave falls .; liptin the wreck- strewn shore, f As a hoary warrior bovvs his crest . When his day of work is o'er. , Go ! speed thee forth « lieu the beamy sun O'ertlirows the reign of night, And strips the scene of its misty robe. And arrays it in diamonds briuht. Oh ! as thou drinkest health and joy In the Iresh and balmy air, ' Forget me not' in a still small voice Will surely greet thee there. Oh ! who that sees the veimeil cheek Grow day by day more na'e, And Beauty's form to .shrink before TWi- a'u miner's uentlest uale. But thinks of Him, the mighty Oiie, By whom the blow is given. As ii' the- fairest {lowers of earth Were early pluck'd for heaven. Oh yes!. on every side we see The impress ol his hand.; The. air we breathe is full of Him, And the'earth on which we stand. Yet heidh'ss. man regards it not,. Hut life's uncertain day In idle hopes- and vain regrets Tims 'Hidly wastes away. But in his own appointed time He wi) not be forgot ; Oh! in that hour of fearful strife, Great God,, forget me not | W.H. H. 