ENGLAND AND FRANCE. , It was the boast of one of Scotland's most eminent and most popular statesmen, that, had he the power to make the Ballads of the Nation, ho would care but little who mnde its laws. There is profound truth in the somewhat exaggerated remark. The-' Ballads of Nutions, touching the mutter of Pence anil War, havo much to do with tho character aud inea- - sptre of national feeling. When Charles Mackay, on the 1st of March, 1810, wrote tho following lines on. England and France, tlmt gifted man, i perhaps; f litilo thought how strikingly he wns anticipating the . state of things now existing: — We make ncj boast of Waterloo ; Its name excites no pride in tia; . : y Wc.lmve no hatred of tiie French, No scorn of Yankee, or of Buss. . ' ;.H V. The glory that our fathers gained, ; ' i In bloody warfare years ngo'no,' 1 " And \yliich they talk of o'er, their cups, 1 "J l ; Gives lis no joy to tliiiik'npon. ; t ' r - In truth we iiitiier love the French, And think our fathers did thein wrong And souietimes.blush when in the streets, i Quite out of (liite,'itti ancient'Rbh£-->rx- V Ghost 'of a prejndiqn— comes back, / : 1 < Aud tells ns how, in days gone out,- r- v ' : The best of Englishmen was he . - Who put a dozen French to roulc. We have no foolish thoughts like these," ' ' Of Fiance, or. any other land ; v > , > And jealousies so poor and menu, . We're somewhat slow to understand. , < We'd rather, with our fricuds, tlie French, r. V Encourage kindliness of thought; ; Than gain a score of Watcrloos, ' . Or any battles ever fought, . . 'V And in this year of "forty- six," .nvh; We rising men, .in. life's young prime, Are men who iliiuk the French lmve dons : Tlio world good service in their time. . r"And for tlieir suites, and for our own, . ' : And freedom's sake o'er all the earth, . . ; Wo'd rather lot old feuds expire, And cling to something better worth. - ' To be at strife, however ji;st, Has no attmotion to our mind ; 3 And as fpr nations fond of Warv " . \- We think them pests of human kiudY ,-v-: Still— if there iiinst he rivalry Betwixt us aud the French,— why then Let earth look on ns, while we sliow; Which of the two are better men. We'll try thg rivalry of arts— Of science, learning, freedom, fame,— We'll try who first shall light the world With charity's diviucst flame Who best shall elevate the poor, Aud tench the wealthy to be true ; We want no rivalry of arms, We want no boasts of Waterloo! . The Late Sin John . Campbell's Sword.— A letter from before Scbastopnl, in the Gazette du Midi says,— 41 On an application made to the Rus sians, tlie sword of Sir John Campbell, an old family claymore, lias been brought to the English camp by a flag of truce. At the same time it was announced that the body of the general hnd bucn buried in tho town with proper military honours.— General Eyre has had his leg amputated. He bore the painful operation with the greatest fortitude, nnd his healtb is now such us to cause no further uneasiness. He will proceed to England as soon as he can bear tho voyage." Cossack Notions op England. — They told us how they should like, to seo England ; but could not bear the idea of living there ; and they asked us if we lmd no fear in living in England When we asked why, they Bnid 6ome of their priests told them that Englnnd was only a piece of land lileo a liugcr- end, just sticking out above tho sea, and which might bo overflowed or covered . any night . when there might be an extraordinary rough sea, which catastrophe they considered must at soma [?] 