ERUPTION OF VESUVIUS. A Correspondent of the Atheneum writes from Naples on the 1st May:-" At length Vesuvius is beginning to make active- demonstrations. Vincenzo Cozzoltuo, the most intelligent of the guides, reply is that, on ascending the mountain this morning, the new crater was in a great state of eruption. On his arriving at the summit it opened us it with a dis charge of a thousand pieces of artillery, and burning stones were thrown out. On account of the rain and the mist little, however, could be seen. ' This happened about half-past four o'clock this not sing The stream of lava a very large; but for reasons already assigned a more accut ate repot cannot be sent. So far I had written, when, on passing up St Lucia, at mid-day, tho whole of the men it appeared enveloped in smoke, which, as it rose, was swept away in mighty volumes in the direction of Cap, There was one spot, however, where, timing the daylight even, it was easy to see a triangular sulphurous coloured plane almost blending all the cloud, and yet evidently distinct from it, being the definite unchanging outline. About eight o'clock, it being a most gorgeous moonlight night, I determined to go down to the Mole and watch what progress the mountain was making. On turning round the corner of the Swiss Barracks, the whole heaven appeared to be in a blaze. Thousands of people on foot and in carriages were thronging down to see this wondrous sight; and his lying on, I took my station near the shipping. Through the treachery of the rig King of the gently heaving vessels I looked on one of the most splendid scenes I ever witnessed. The mountain was invisible; not a line was there to mark its form i all cloud and smoke, and smoke and cloud. Lame found masses, black as Erebus, though tinged with white, forme I the outline of the spectacle. The lower strata of cloud were all on fire, with the exception of a huge black syphon in the centre, which marked the shower of ashes, stones, and lava that was being thrown up Lower down one could see by its brighter colour the stream of lava rolling down, and every now and, then by its increased brilliancy telling us some fresh object yielding to its power. The base of the mountain was enveloped in dark clouds. Between the mountain and myself lay the sea, so tranquil that but for the working of its thousand eyes one might have imagined it dead ; whilst the brilliant mother above us, which bete appears to be suspended in the atmosphere, not stuck on a blue canvas, threw over the whole scene is softened light. The fire might have been seen to greater effect had there been no moon; but the other features of the wondrous scene would then have been lost: the ghosts of vessels sailing heavily along under the mountain, the volumes of cloud and smoke making away over the sea, the spectral cities which were dimly seen fringing the base of Vesuvius, and sleeping in fancied security, whilst min is impending above their heads. I am giving you my first impressions on my return from witnessing this scene. As the night was so clear, I took out my sketchbook and endeavoured to trace a faint outline, not of Vesuvius, for it is invisible, but of the mass of blackness and fire. I never saw any representation of it which gave a just idea of Vesuvius at such (times. There is nothing there to remind one of eil th and so closely, to my imagination, does it resemble the picture of Sinai drawn in Holy Writ, that I waited to hear almost the voice of the trumpet ! The smoke thereof ascended as the smoke of a furnace, and the whole amount quitted gi daily.' The lava has descended very low, and is making rapidly for a small village ; but I shall spend this night on the mountain, and will then send you fuller details. The spectacle was rendered more imposing by an eclipse of the moon, which took place at two hours and a half after mid- night." Tub Electric Ci rock at the south-Eastern Railway Terminus, London Bridge. On the 1st of November, 1852, the system of sending time signals hour by hour from the Royal Observatory at Greenwich to various telegraph stations camp into successful operation. Certain hour signals were required by the South- Eastern Railway Company, and the remainder were passed on to the Electric Telegraph Company for distribution along their system. The interchanges of connection for those purposes were accomplished by a commutator carried by the great clock at the London' terminus The next step in the system was to show time to shipping in the" Downs by the drop of a ball at Deal, caused by a telegraph signal sent from the Greenwich clock at 1 Sam, For the successful carrying out of this, it was deemed prudent to erect a clock in London for the especial purpose of carrying the commutator. Mr. C. V. Walker, the telegraph engineer to the South Eastern Company, had found by experiment that the pendulum at Greenwich would keep one of Shepherd's electric clocks going on the lecture table' of the London Institution, and he proposed to the Astronomer Royal that the commutator should be carried at London by one. of these books. On the 3rd of March but the clock was erected over the North Kent platform, facing passengers)! they arrive in London and since that date it is bra ..' faithfully shown Greenwich mean time, which is sent to it, wound by second, of min The Royal; Observatory. The clock is the property of the government, and in under the danger of Mr. Airey, on the part of the Admiralty, and of Mr. Walker on the part of the South-Eastern Company, Under whose joint care the other, with the adjuncts essential for the pr poses in question, was of instructed. In the common state of things the commutator is out of gear, and the hour signal wire is continuous from Greenwich to the Electric Telegraph Company's system j but on the approach of any of the hours when the signal is required on the South- Eastern lines, the ball-drop signal, for instance, the commutator will have arrived at such a position! that at about one minute before the hour the | Greenwich and the Deal wires will have been lifted from their normal positions, and held together until nearly a minute after the signal shall have passed ; when the ball at Deal is nearly down the mast-viz.. in about 15 seconds, it returns a signal to Greenwich I fireproof that it has dropped. The drop is produced with the utmost regularity, a failure being extremely rare. Orariiutators are carried by local electric clocks at Ashford and Deal, and the adjustments there and elsewhere are such,' that the connections are made without extraneous aid, and it is out of the power of the instrument clerks, through inadvertence, themselves to send a signal and cause a false drop. Within the London clock are galvanometer which show the hourly signals that come from Greenwich on distinct wires, and afford a means of observing that the clock is showing true time by another process the time shown by the clock is read off at eight a.m. daily, at Tunbridge, and its accuracy tested. This clock promises to be the basis of operations as the system becomes developed of distributing time to the great public buildings of the metropolis. The South-Eastern Company have cordially co-operated with the Astronomer Royal in this great work, and have made very liberal concessions to him both in respect to the Admiralty wires and the use of which he requires the temporary use. Bell's- Weekly \ Messenger, May 26. Syrian Christians. Gregory M. Wortabet.-On Wednesday last, Mr. Wortabet, a native of Syria and son of an Armenian bishop, delivered a most interesting lecture on Syria and the Holy Land. He has just returned from Syria, where he has been for the last six months for the benefit of his health. Previous to this he delivered lectures throughout the principal towns of America and Scotland to Europe and enthusiastic audiences. At the special request of senators of the United States, he spoke twice in Washington, U.S., and was flatteringly returned a vote of thanks for his eloquent and instructive lecture. He commenced his lecture on Wednesday last by stating that he was in no way whatever connected with any society, but was in independent man, whose main object was to rouse the sympathies of Christians for Syria and to induce them to send the Bible again to that land whence they had received it. He enlarged upon the degrading power held by the priests, their ignorance and superstition, and referred Englishmen to that period when they stood by and saw their fellow-countrymen burned at the stake at Smithfield, j and showed that it was through ignorance of God's Word that they rested satisfied with the slavish rule of the priests, and were blind to that freedom of which they are now so justly proud, and which the Bible has procured for them. After enlarging on several deeply interesting subjects, he concluded by bringing before his audience the church of Hayberry, at the foot of Mount Lebanon, where his brother is labouring as the first ordained native protestant pastor. His manner is energetic and pleasing. He has a good flow of language coupled with all the fire and eloquence characteristic of Eastern oratory. Altogether he is a most exciting and instructive lecturer. 