« TOTTERING ON THE CLIMAX Ol' ITS GREATNESS." SAD words those, and strange, to be spoken of England at this orisis, by any of England's sons. Impolitic, too, as well as sad and strange ; for how cheering must they provo at St. Petersburg, and how well adapted to fan flagging zeal, and encourage thc grandest e fi bi ta to fill tho ranks of tho legions that have been melting away before thc bravo Allies. Yot these words arc found in an article copied the other day into our columns, from Britain's "leading jour- nal." Tottering is it ? says Nicholas, as his eye rests on the thoughtless words ; then courage, and forward 5 reverses can be but temporary ; what aro a few thou- sands of lives, or millions of roubles, pro- vided thc British lion be burled from his troublesome eminence, and tho way cleared for tho " protecting " Russ. " Tottering on the climax of its great- ness"-sad words to the heart of the patriot ; impolitic, to the judgment of the statosman ; Btrange, to tho reason of the philosopher. Wo have turned them over and ovor, and viewed thom on all their repulsivo sides to discover if there indeed bo a reasonable foundation for them. In ono respect there is. If England '» still to bo governed hy hereditary legislators, if her counsellors at home, and her ambassadors abroad, if thc framers of ber policy, and thc leaders of her armies continue to be chosen exclusively from thc privileged class, whose sympathies arc not with tho people, and whoso views are narrowed and distorted by tho prejudices of their order-who are swathed in officialism, and bound up with red-tape at their very birth-then, indeed, wo may givo a ruoful oar to this prophet of. evil. But if we havo faith in tho enlightenment and progress of the masses; if our merchants, and farmors, and artisans, and all others, who carn their bread by thc labour of hands or brain, bethink themselves that they after all form tho nation, and if, thoreupon, thoy proceed to attend to their own affairs, laying down for themselves rules of guidance in thoir intoicourso at homo and dealings abroad ; and if thoy feel that they aro able to manage their own business bettor than tho self chosen few that have professed to receive by course of naturo tbe sole right and ability hitherto 5 if, above all, and first of all, thoy tear that hideous ghost of Bocrot diplomacy from its luir, /nul make it henceforth n derision and by- word, thon we may hope bettor things for England. And aro there not good grounds for such anticipations ? Aro wo not advancing in almost every direction improving and creating arts - extending tho field of scionce acquiring clearer viows of our social and political duties-amending our treat- ment of criminals-caring moro for tho ignorant and dostituto-no ,f olimnx" in sight in any direction ? And do tho mashes owe tlioso and other ameliorations to their hereditary rulers? Wo know they do not. But porhaps they depend on thom for défonce (igniust onomios ; porhnps military skill is heredi- tary, and if it die out among tho privileged elliss, tho nation must then full a prov to-external foes and boneo thc ,f climnx " ? But .England's wars provo tho rovorso. In the present, indeed, thora lins as yet been almost no strategy displayed ; strong arms and brave hearts have overborne nil obstacles, and England may safely rely on thu brood being preserved. Tottering on tho climax of its greatness ? -Wo reject the augury, lt may, indcod, ploasc thc Almighty llulor of the nations to sot Briiuin aside, and placo another in tho van of civilisation. But, humanly Rpo.iking, Britain's coin-so in the rnco is ulcnr, and tho "climax" far distant. Lot hor shako herself free of nil encum- brances ¡ lot tho Bound practical sonso mid Hie generous feeling of thc nation luivo fair play | let her tnko and demand a straightforward lino ol' action in all lier don! i uga-und not neglect to throw diplo- macy to the dogB-then .sho may look forward to a height of greatness that the Imagination has scarcely yet pictured ¡ and while the evil days of war will be left far behind, lier children will keep alive the memory of her martial deeds, mid in their teadiness to cimdato thom may bo round tho ließt Biifoguurd of hinting penco. Lot tho poonta of this distant corner of thc cm piro cherish a warm sympathy for their brethren at homo in thia crisis, and olioor them with heart, and voice, and liberal hand. Lot us draw the cords of nationality closer ; let ouch feel that ho lias something to do in strength oping the British cause, and raising the credit of tho British- name ; Jet each seek to understand and fulfil his own particular duty, socially, politically, and religiously, and feel an obligation to show the world what a Briton ought to be. And if some self-denial must bo practisod, and some additional burdens borne to meet tho present need, don't croak or grumble Stnnd iu tho van-strive liko a man, Tlmt is tho braver and cleverer pinn." MakoOld England proud of Young Austin-1 lia, and prove to her that the Saxon stock in these lands is still staunch and sound at tho core. 