REVIEW. I (From tht EeonomUt.) GOWAHD Turma t An Eçeletlaillctl and Lite- rary ntopritphy. By WASUISOTO» WILKI, Freeman, Fleet-street, Thc extraordinary excitement oaused bj Mr, Irving thirty years ago in the whole ompiro can only be known to our youngoi readers hy tradition, or the perusal of thc chronicles of former days. Let us, t li ero foro, at onco copy from Mr. Wilks whnl ho says of Mr. irving, on his assuming the offico of minister to the almost de- serted Odlodoninn church, Cross- street, Hatton garden : MU. nt vi NO ix boxnox. It was on tho second Sunday of July, 1823, thal Mr. Irving entered on bis now ministry. " Foi ono year, or nearly so," ho writes, in tho Dedica- tion abovo quoted, " our union went on cementing itself by mutual nets of kindness, in tho abado ol that happy obscurity whielt wo then enjoyed . . , the noisy tongues of mon, nor their envious eyes, wero not upon us." Eithor Iiis recollection or Iiis consciousness, however, must have boen strangely unlike other mon's, when lie tims wrote ; for it is certain, that, within n fow months of bis settle- ment, lu's preaching lind oroatod a quito unprece- dented setisution-described byan unfriendly, and sometimes insolent roviewor, as " one of tho most extraordinary and extensive infatuations that evot seized upon a community calling itself intelligent," In tho first quarter, it is recorded the sent-holders .t the Caledonian Asylum chapel had incroasod from fifty to fifteen hundred. A littlo later, and tho rank and intellect of tho land wero crowding thore Sunday after Sunday. The ooaasional ser- mons in London of Ttobert Hull, or Dr. Chah mers, did not attract the crowds which now pressed to Edward Irving's weekly services. The Duke ol York repeated bis visit, and carried with him other members of tho royal family. Brougham took Mackintosh, and Mackintosh, by repenting nt a dinnor tnble a beautiful sonteiico he hod lizard from Irving in prayer, drew Canning. The par- liamentary leaders of both sides, and even the Tory £render, Lord Liverpool (much to Lord Eldon's orror)-tho judges and barristers of every derreo -fashionable physicians and modicnl studonîV duchesses, neted* lteanties, city madams-clerics »nd dissenters-with mon and women who rather followed tho fashion than modo particular proten \- lions to either intellect or religion-besieged tho doors, and were jammed together in the aisles. Carriage panels wero cracked in Cross-street as in Drury-btno, and tho preacher* was every ' wit as much the rage ai ever Kemble or Kean. It was found necessary, for the invention of occidents, to admit tho seat-holders y a sido door, and to limit the miscellaneous attendance by the issue of tickots, for which appli- cation was made by letter during tho week. Even then, the preacher -hod to make bis way up pulpit ?taint covered with ladies, glad to obtain that rude aeoommodation. WnAT Till CHOW»» WENT TO HEAR. Never wore tho pretensions of rank moro ruth- lessly spurned-never the vices of the rioh more sternly denounced-never tho independence of thc preacher's ofliee moro bravely vindicated-than by Edward Irving, when princes of the blood, and Îtrincos of the mart, swelled his audience. Nor did ho aristocracy of intellect, or of tho Church, find, in him, n flatterer. Statesmen and ocolosiatie* were subjected, in the presence of tho common people, to comparisons with tho patriota and saints of old, much to tho disparagement of tho moderns. The literature of the day was characterised from tho pulpit with a freedom that shockod tho punc- tilios of tho religious, and offended tho tastes of tho reading laity. Every grade of society was passed in review, and its moral estate graphically portrayed. "It is not to bo denied that tho pronohor some» times erred, as nearly all revivalists and reformers bave dono, in undoo depreciation of his own timos ; * but thero was nothing of bitterness, whatever of gloom, in his corjqwsltions. Tho satirist may * draw" for a while, his readers or hearers endur- ing tho castigation of their ow» rices for the plea- sure of seeing their neighbours scourged. But censorship is not an abiding power. Tho soorot of Irving's attraction lay in tho tenderness with whiuh bo liotind un tho wounds of iraor humanity, rather than in tho skill with which ho probed them. Nono bad ever a deeper nviii|>al!iy with the sorrows and degradations of lils kind-none a kindlier compassion for their frailties. Tl cagh it Slensed tho witlings of the ago to paint him as a osier ont of damnation, there is littlo in what remains of his discourso to Justify this representa- tion. Tho Fatherhood of God, and tho' filial goings- forth of the human heart, woro' his most frequent themes-tho parables and mira- cles of Christ, his Abounding inspiration. His usual tono was that of remonstrance ; and when ho tbrcntoued, lt was with terrors'which he traced to tho sinner's own bosom'; 'He spoko of disquietude! rather than of transgressions, and mourned ovor the condition of men, while others vituperated their nature. Such an apparition-ai popular,, prophot como from Scotland >to tho metropolis excited world-wide curiosity and "admira- tion, mingled with màëh/'swero ;nñd rude criticism. Despite', many attacks, by. tho press, Mr. Irving'wont , in for somo years increasing in popularity, and. filling newn Îinners, magasines, art'd revio tvs with his ticubrations and criticism, occasioned by them. In 1827 a spacious and elegant church, built iii Regent-square by his Cross-stroot congregation, at tho cost of £15,000, was opened; and thither he ami Iiis congregation moved, tho oro,vd follow- ing, though not so Humorous, and. no longer mingled with the great iu litera- ture, statesmanship, and fashion. Thou, however, the controversies which had pre- vailed from his first appearance began to he unprofitable, and som bocamo embittered. Ho had always promulgated strungo dootrinos ; his friondsnow boca mc alarmed' at bis increased eccentricity ; remonstrances first nn4 then estrangement followed ; the wonderful eloquonco of the propbot as- sumed tho characteristics of thc denun- ciations of a maniac ; popularity declined or beeuino disgust ; bc intrudotl in high places, and made religion subservient to a cruel poetarían and vindictive policy ; ho grow doubly occontric, iiitroducctl many new doctrines, boxed,, ns was said, tho. wholo compass of heresy, and settled, showing a broken intellect, in tho mystery of thc now Holy Ghost, and unknown tongues. Hu was accused of., broach of tlÍBoipliiic. I Io was, by a .Roionin scntenco of tho Presbyterian Church Courts, first removal from his church, afterwards pro- nounced guilty of horcsy and dopos'ed from tho ministry. Fur u' sjibrt timo ho om« cintoil in n room ongaged ns, a church io Newman-street, ofwhtch he was called tho Angel. AU those events occurred between 1821, when he came to London, and 1833, mid nt tho und of 18(14 Ed- ward Irving, who lind set out oil n pro- phetic inÎBBion to Scntlnnd, to enrryhis new faith mid strengthen in's new. church, died in Glasgow, This towering blaze of light sn speedily extinguished, exciting gonontl wonder while it lasted, well do servos n copious history, ant] it is moro surprising that it lins not before now been written than that tho work should now ho dono. Óf tho privato lifo of Mr. Irving tho book Hiiys littlo, the purposo of tho author being rnlhor to describo bis religious mid lituiary (minions, hud their ofloctH than tho niau. '1 here 'cnn, |iovyovor, ho no (lonlit that the singular iipponrnnoo of Irving anti the moro imiiiinl liurconoss of his dod um Ui itt woro nut without inlliicuco, Ho is thus described at Uiocommencemei and close of Iiis career : layiNO's ArrsABANCB. Ho modo so noble, if not pleasing, a figure the outward oyo, that lie could not fall to ultra tho gano and impress too memory of tho passer-h " Ha could never ont or a village, but ho pang the attention of both old and young. Labour stoi still as ho passed-tho bucket hung suspended thc middle of tho wold-the spinning wheel forg its round-even ohuck-fartlung and shufllo;Ci themselves stood gaping till lie had got out sight." Ha was at least six feet high. AU h limbs wore well proportioned. Black hair clu tored in prolusion over his lofty forehead, nt descended in untaught curls upon his Hercule! shoulders. His oyes, or rather oyo-for of one ll sight was dnmngo l, and had tho nppoarunco knott ns-a Bijuint-was dark, piercing, but soi His foco was of that bi-fold beauty, that, vlewc on one Bide, as some one has said, you had tl profile of a brigand, on tho other that of a saint. C his lips thero sat the firmness of a rulor, and tren bled the sensibility of a poet. Ho was no nwkwar giant. He was an athlete, as well as a Horcule Ho oould walk, run, loop, and swim, with the be: of the " ncahour lads." Ho pormittad himself II slovenliness in dross, but rather alfeoted the costure of an English clergyman. Ills flush became wan mid flaccid-his rave hair, " hoary as with extremo ago." His oy gleamed with an unquiet light, and tho hectic spc on his pale oheek betrayed tho fire, burning nt bi heart. It appears from letters wo must horcafU quoto, that ho deemed this illness the punishmen ol'somo sin, or tho eorrootlon of somo error, int wliioh he and his pooplo hud fallen ; and which understand to havo been an attempt, on their pan to anticipate tho perfect organisation of tho Apos tollo Church. . . The handsome powerful giant, prout of his raven locks, carefully dressed; am displaying himself to the grentost possible advantage in his pulpit, had a. vcr temporary but very great influence. Those however, who remember tho man, and win listened with some care to his discourses are moro astonished at its existence thai that it should have so speedily decayed A powerful declaimcr lie was, that then was occasionally great beauty in his lan guage and great force, all acknowledged but his sentiments and expressions bore st clearly the stamp of exaggeration even ti wildness, that his warmest admirers hoc always aa much to excuse as to applaud His great error arose from bis real, arro- gance. Though ho was continually chang- ing his views, and continually declaimed against fettering Christianity by formal creeds, ho never for one moment had any doubt that the views ho entertained at any particular time were perfectly trna and correct, and required to be enforced as gospel truths with apos tolio thunder. Underlying all his lutnoi opinions about the several subordinate points of Christianity, was a notion that tho world, or creation, was not what it should be, and somehow or other was to be improved, changed, or redeemed by Edward Irving. His early discourses somewhat in imitation of Chalmers-were all thunderings against tho world of fashion, the aristocracy, capitalists, and employers, statesmen, clergymen, political economists, authors, &c;, with lamenta- tions over decay of patriotism and general degeneracy. He did not humbly recognise the working of God in the world as it exists ; ho thought the manifestations of the Oreator ought to be different-'that the world should bc other than it is ; and his inflatod errors always hurled his spirit against the realities of existence. Ho was impatient for that future improve- ment in man and socioty which all experi- ence has demonstrated to be certain but of slow growth, and was perpetually en- raged, as it were, with the present stngo J in the progross of humanity, which natu- ral aspirations for something better are ever tho destined moans to improve. Ile was familiar with Coleridge, whoso meta- physics, he admits, had considerable in- fluence over his faith, and Coleridge was one of those who aro displeased with crea- tion, and who practically entertain thc hypothetical opinion of the Portuguese monarch, that lind they been called into the councils of tho Croator, they could have improved creation. Wc can- not say of such arrogant opinions that they are falso, for we have no test of their truth ; but ia the almost equal wreck of the intellect of Coleridge and of Irving wo have a convincing' testimony that they are extremely pernicious. It is better humbly to take men and society as wc find them, onoh man improving himself in all things to the utmost of his power, than to assume that it is nil evil, aim grow mad or misanthropical from arrogant discon- tent. Mr. Wilks shares, we supposo, thc opinions of Coleridge, Irving, Carlislo, and others on theao subjects, and boneo he treats tho pernicious theory mid tho men who. cntortain it much too favourably. Otherwise his book ia fairly and discrimi- natory written. Though short, and mntlo up in a great moasure of extracts frsm »Ir. Irving's works, it is nota slight per- formance. . It is earnest, redolent of deep thought, and very carefully and ovon ole I gantly expressed. 