A DAY AT THE LAKES. " Wel, Lyr, I must ask you to look at that dog, do you see anything pee-i liar about him, anything that would strike a stranger as remarkable ?" I confessed I saw a good deal abort "im rather extraordinary, that water oags were general.y quite different a, ezards formation and instinct, for I ,rill hold my former opinion respecting he animal's qualiica:ions, which was 'onsiderab!y strengthened by the fa. -hat nothing s'e red to suit this canine t ollower of (Gath, butrashing after every 'tttle bird, accompanying his race wit: a: continuous barking, resembling th, tones of a badly played fidle, in unison with a cracked bassomn. " Well, but my dear fellow, I don't mean that; do you see any wickedness in the look of his eyes?" "If by wickedness you mean laziness [certainly see plenty." "Oh I see you are making a foil o' me; however, Sir, let- me info m yor that to that dog I am iLdeited for this and that if he was not a good dueler. you would not have the mud lar,. vwhich seems to tickle your fancy so much. I was completely at fault, so far as his meaning was concerned, and at once told him so. " Well, Lyr, I will tell you directly. After I had bagged my first prize (you shall see it when I have done). I weni along the edge of the "lagoon," very cautiously, for I had found out that it would not do to whistle. I had gon perhaps a mile, and came to a place where the bank is rather more above the water; consequently, I ima ined that the wary eyes of the ducks wsulti have a better chance for taking obser rations, so I veered my course, and made a small circuit to a spot from which I could ta' e in, at one sweep, the entire length of the "lagoon." Having arrived at this Flace, I took every pre caution for making a set at any unfor tunare creature who might have the im pudence to present me with a bill, de rermined at once to give it a discrare. To my great joy I saw six or seven beautiful teal gliding about, and flapping their wings, unaware, pnor things, how near they were to that which all aLke must one day find, and which cometh silently to our side, as elhnds swim. through the sky- which old and voun,. rich and poor, call by the same name, and equally alike dread, for who shrinketh not at the cold, cold grasp of death? However, away gloomy thoughts -avaunt sadness-beeone dull care. I mean to be merry to-day. Well, I went down on my knees, and crept up to the edge of the "lagoon," but as some reeds were in the way of my taking aim, [ quietly resumed my feet, and had just brought the gun to my shoulder, and in the excitement of the moment was leaning considerably over the bank, in the very act of paoling the trigger, wren suddenly I found myself p snging in the water, at every kick sinking deeper in the mud. I knew it would be useless crying for help, though you may depend on it I roared loudly enough at first. Then I set about thinkiking which war the best way of getting out. I was afraid to move an inch for fear of sink ing a foot, and felt in a most dop!orable situation; at last, in a fit of desp-ration, I seized holl of Trap's tail (augh you brute), took a -pin out of my coat, and by sundry probs and persuasions Trap towed me to the shore, which I clutched with the same frantic feelings that Macbeth wo-uld have felt thril ling through - his bosom if his invisible friend, had taken pity cn him and allomed him to clutch the dagger but he wouldn't fir he didn't understand politeness. Fortuna'ely my gun did not follow me, or it would have met a different fate by going to the bottom, which I should not have liked, for though I am a " Gudgeon" I hare cut the conne:tion of myfinny brethren whom I dispise for their costermonger ing habits, for wherever they go, they're sure to carry scales. I had many times to pelt that b-ute Trap for rusbinz about, and at last he sat sullen'y a little distance from me, meditating no doubt what manner of revenge he stould rake for the insult I had offered the rcea of dogs by him represented, and well was his resolve cari:d out, for the varmon no sooner saw his opportunity that he dashed between my legs and capsized me into the mud. But I'll pay him oat for it yet, or my name isn't Gath. I deemed it best to make my way to you, and here I am with the stiffest pair of trowsers I ever wore in my life." But what- about the explosion I he?rd? " Oh, that was only a chance I took i certainly I was rather near you; an~ by mistake, you know. I had put r double charge in my gun, and harin, to screw to my ramrod, I had no other reans of extractinf it than by firing is if. Hope I didn't frighten you." The water was now boiling, and I was about putting the tea in, but wa .rrested by Gath, who had been fumb ling in his pocke:-an t who, wih - knowing wink, produced a dear litt!l teather flask, and whispered " brandy." this was a piece of fortune I did not expect, and I thankfully mixed it witi the hot water, and drank his health. re marking that he wasn't such a dirt fellow after all. We tested for as hour or so, and decided upot keeping together, and take wha steps chance might dictate. As it wa betting late we made more haste, and ii the course of fifty minutes had adde two ducks more to our list-making, i ill, sin-which, with Gath's lark, wa considered pretty fair success. "Look there, Lyr ! What do you cal that big bird on that tree? Don't thinl I ever saw one like that before." I looked in the direction Gath pointer but was unable to give him any informa tionas to the name of the object whiel had attracted his attention. "Stop a bit, old boy. I'll have a ban. at him. Don't stir a peg." Gath cautiously approached, but jus as he was within gunshot the bir, stretched its wide pinions and flew tr taothtr tree. Still on went Gndgeor 'ut with like success. I followed hip dong the lake till I lost sight of hi. unong some thick shrubs. Not heari?: a report, however, I knew he would corn outatsome point where I shouldeasily s aim; and so I continued my walk till came to a bend where the water had bee . was now dry and covered with ta sunburnt rushes. Not expecting an sport there, I was about retracing em steps, when I obsrvedr snmethinz bol sing up and down among the reeds, an "rom the fact of its bing of a dazzlin .et gaudy appearance, the thougl. struck me that it might be a ne species of parrot, and that I might b cipturing it add another specimen t the already brilliant family of Aus .ralian birds. I saw that my cap wa ,vell on the nipple, shook my powde towrn, and levelled my gan,-when what was my astonishment! I saw : ;:ick with a handkerchief tied to th .nd suddenly held up and waved back wvards and forwards most rapidly. hastened to the spot, and found that mi new parrot was Gath's red head, an that the face belonging to it was whit= as a ghost. " Look out, Lyr ! You'll be killed Drop down among the reeds,-mak haste. Oh, Ior! Wish I was in town watch me at this game again! I'n ifraid our ducks will turn out dear." Astounded I must have looked, for 3 really'did not know what to make of it and could only ask the meaning of his fright. " Blacks, blacks, after me, had to ru for it, wounded forty, six feet high .here, look there, at that one pointinr his rifle at you, duck your head, you'I he shot to a dead certainty." This was enough ; I broke into a tre mendous roar, much to the d;s4rst o Gath, who muttered fool, an' looked as savage as the sphin' did, when the antiquarian brok, off a piece of her nose to car: home as a curiosity. What Gat' imagined a black was nothing mor than a chared tree, whose single leafles limb -was pointing directly at us, whi&e; was mistaken by him for a rifle. It toil some time to reassure him, and when h touched the tree, he laughingly said " Well, Lyr, I've found out a mistak. mnd lost my bird, for I could not get : chance at him, and had to bolt; but, say, don't tell any body in twan aboa it; nut that I care much, but yo know." It was now getting time to retire home again as there-appeared no spor: to be hadl, so we made up our minds tc strike across the cuntry, so as to make a shorter cut. After a little time we passed by a fine house, the owner of which seeing ns, kindly invited us in and placed a bountiful supply before us, to which Gath did ample justice, apolo gising for his appearance, and causing much merriment to the occupmts of the establishment by the queer manner in Swhich he recited his adventure. We h?d a pressing invitation to stay the night, but I having a wife and &c.;, at home, and Gath his business to attend to we politely declined, and thanking our host for his kindness, we took our leave, and after rather a wearyingjourney ar rived safely in town, Oath's appearance causing much attention to be bestowed upon us, but the dnucks told the reason of his plight. In conclusion I may add that having promised the gentleman above named to spend a night at his house as soon as possible, I hope those readers who have folowed as through our"Dy at the Lakes" will not feel offended if we ask them shortly to ac company us through " a night at the Lakes." Lraxcus. 