THE THEATRES. THE C0RSI0AN BHOTHKHS. : The simultaneous production of this piece at voth houses this evening.'is likely to prove the vent of the week. No melodrama of a recent ?late has excited such a sensation in Paris, Lon« Ion, and New York, as that which ia now an nounced for performance at the Theatre Koyal md Coppin's Olympic. The masked ball at th« Theatre des ItaUens ; the visionary duel in tho. ' sorest of Fontainebleau, and its subsequent ? repetition in reality ; and the spectral tableaux in the first and fifth acts, constitute the most thrilling and impressive scenes that we ever . remember to have witnessed upon the stage. We remember upon one occasion sitting near iome ladies in the pit stalls of tho Princess's Cheatre, and observing their countenances ab solutely blanch with terror as they sat with lilatecl eyes and suspended breath, grasping tho backs of tho scats before them in . a paroxysm of terror, while the ghost of Louis .'lided across the stage to the accompaniment )f that weird music which soon became so. popular not only in the drawing rooms, but ia the streets of the English metropolis, under the title of the ' ghost movement.' ?Judging from the lengthy and attractively tvorded qffiches with which the walls of the city ire covered, the managers of the rival houses ire determined to put forth all their strength in the performance and mounting of the melo drama. One advertises fifty and the other i hundred auxiliaries, and the scenic re sources of both houses will, no doubt, be taxed to the uttermost. Each manager pos sesses peculiar and exclusive advantages over die other, and the public will decide towards -.vhich house the balance inclines : for the pub lic are pretty sure to visit both. Feeling a ivarm interest in the prosperity . of the drama, md regarding the stage as a most valuable and important agent of civilization, we shall be ?o'lad to be called upon to record that the tiex diiries of the Theatre Royal and Coppin's Olympic have equally benefitted by the pro luetion of the Oorsiaan Brothers. . ' ' ?' 