APPENDED to the report of the Lunacy Com- missioners are some tables, giving classified returns of the countries, conditions, and religion of the patients at Tarban Creek, and also of the various forms and causes of disease, which, most especially on the last point, are of con- siderable interest as contributions to the history of lunacy in this colony. The first table in ap- pendix A,—for the drawing up of which we are indebted to Mr. G. WALKER, who for a short time officiated as Assistant Superintendent of the Asylum, shows us that of the 171 patients in the establishment on the 31st December, 1853, sixty-three were natives of England and Wales, sixty-nine of Ireland, eighteen of Scotland, and twelve of Australia, besides three Chinamen, two Germans, one Pole, and one Russian. In the whole number of both sexes, the males predominate, in the proportion of 100 to 71. Of the religious denomi- nations, there are seventy-seven of the Church of England ; twenty of the Church of Scotland (meaning, we suppose, Presbyterians); sixty-three of the Church of Rome ; five Wesleyans, an Independent, a Mormonite (female), a follower of JOHANNA SOUTHCOTE (male), and three Pagans. The forms of disease are divided into three principal classes, of Mania, Dementia, and Idiocy — and these again sub- divided into nineteen distinct heads. To notice each of the latter separately would not convey any very clear information to the non- professional reader. By far the majority of cases appear to belong to the class mania, by which is meant the ordinary form of disease, and that which is the most curable, we believe, inasmuch as it does not necessarily de- note organic physical disorder or malformation. It corresponds to that class of insanity which Dr. CONOLLY terms the Moral as distinguished from the physical, which latter is a malady normal and congenital, and therefore incurable. Of pure idiotcy—the most virulent' form of physical insanity—there were, at the date of these returns, but two in the Tarban Creek Asylum. There is one case of " homicidal mania," one of hypochondriasis, and one of Demonophobia, or fear of ghosts (a female). The causes of disease are divided in these tables, into two general classes of moral and physical. The former is again sub-divided into twenty-one different heads, showing more particularly the origin and history of the disorder. As might have been expected, DRINK furnishes the greatest number of victims, by far, to the catalogue. Of 129 lunatics, deranged from moral causes, sixty-one are set down under the head of DRINK— forty-two being males, and nineteen females. The next most fertile source of disease appears to be GRIEF, which numbers its sufferers at nineteen, of whom six are men, and the re- mainder women. The third strongest predis- posing cause to mental disorder is what Mr. WALKER styles, Religion and Priestcraft, under which we find eleven patients, of whom, con- trary to the precedent of the old world, we find there are more men than women, in the ratio of seven to four. Fright had turned six people mad, in this category the majority of whom, again, were male; and Reverses of Fortune claim an equal number. Of Disappointed Affection, there were four vic- tims in Tarban Creek on the 31st of December, 1853—the sexes being equally divided. Domestic Unhappiness—a cognate cause—had bereft other four of their senses, three being women. The peculiarly local excitement of Gold-seeking owns three victims — equally with Mental Anxiety. Violence of Temper had proved the bane of two of the patients ; and Grief at Husbands' Deser- tion, had deranged two wives. The somewhat singular cause—Influence of Fear at Sea, had also added two (females) to the list. Of the other more rare causes it will be sufficient to enume- rate Excessive Maternal Affection, Sudden Shock of Affections, Fright from Aborigines, Morbid Self-esteem, Jealousy, Crime, and Excessive Mental application, each of which has contributed a patient to the asylum, and each indicating pretty clearly, in its very title, the history and nature of the case. Lastly, there is Conscien- tiousness—an inexplicable cause of malady, if understood in the ordinary sense of the word. Of the Original causes of diseases, Injury to Head is set down as the origin of eight cases ; Heart Disease of two ; Sun's Heat, of two ; and Epilepsy, of two. Age, has produced insanity in three females, and the Influence of the Climate on the Voyage to Aus- tralia has affected two, man and woman. The very melancholy cause set down as Hereditary, has contributed six patients, and the even more horrible cause, Parental Intemperance, two—both being, it is worthy of note, natives of the colony. In summing up the results gleaned from these tables we cannot but be struck with the variety and intricacy of the causes which tend, in this colony, to produce the awful affliction of lunacy. It is evident that the motives of excite- ment being greater and more numerous in a new country, peopled, generally, by a more than ordinarily excitable race, the forms of insanity must be more intricate and perplexing than in the older countries of Europe. By just so much, therefore, do the responsibilities of our duty increase towards the afflicted, and the greater is the necessity for a rigorous and systematic clas- sification of the patients, and for the adoption of all those rational modes of treatment which the march of science has sanctioned in the mother country. If anywhere there exists a necessity for a well organized and complete establishment de- voted to the relief of the insane, it is in this colony—and yet it has been sufficiently proved that the presentvasylums are grossly deficient in all that appertains to the comfort and relief of the patients. A building ori- ginally constructed to hold sixty patients, and that, many years ago, when the new system of treatment had not come into vogue, is now, by only partial additions and improvements, made to accommodate three times that number— a fact in itself sufficiently convincing as to the necessity of a thorough reform in our lunacy system. 