-THE CHOLERA AT THE MAURITIUS. (From the Freemantle Commercial News, 5th April.) THE following letter has been kindly handed to us for publication. It contains an account of the remedial course adopted by the writer, Mr. Fyers, manager of the Woolmar Estate (not a medical man) during the prevalence of that awful scourge, the cholera in the Isle of France. The remedy is simple, and appears to be efficacious, and it is worthy of every publicity : You will no doubt be glad to hear that we have es- caped the terrible epidemic which has just swept over poor Mauritius, hurrying to the grave some 13 or 14,000 individuals in about a couple of months. All the neighbouring estates around us suffered fearfully ; one, in particular, burying 65 men, out of 130, in the space of a fortnight. Through my telescope, I could see them carting the dead from morning till night, but strange to say, notwithstanding that 150 of my own men were severely attacked with cholera, in its most malignant form, only one old man, of 70, slipped through my fingers ; he concealed his complaint, and was just giving up the ghost, when I was called in to see him, and his wife would not let me give him the only remedy. You rmut no doubt be impatient to know what charm I used with such good success ; nothing but strong emetics of Ipecacuanha, which never failed in a 6ingle instance, although, mind you, dozens of my patients were prostrated at once, in the collapse stage, When the body becomes cold and blue, and arm pulseless, the heart only beating. You must not be angry with me for troubling you with all my notes relative to the manner in which I have treated my patients. They may prove useful to you and yours, should ever it be your lot to witness the horrors of such a fearful scourge. The following is a hurried memorandum of the manner in which I got my patients round, with their different symptoms, as cholera commences in various ways, all of which generally prove fatal, if not understood : - Some have only diarrhcea. In this case give an emetic composed of 30 grains of ipecacuanha, and 2 of tartar emetic, followed by 10 measured "quartens of hot water, exciting the vomiting all the time, by putting the fingers or a feather down the throat ; castor oil two hours afterwards. Give a second vomit, if the symptoms do not disappear half an hour after the first dose. Never consider the patient too weak to take it. (Diarrhoea alone proved fatal to three or four thousand.) Some have vomiting alone, without the diarrhcea. Same treatment as above. Some have both vomiting and diarrhcea. Always the same treatment. Some are struck down as dead, in the collapse stage : same treatment as above, but necessary to force the jaw open. The spoon must be pushed down the throat, with the emetic ; afterwards, work tho spoon up and down the throat, to excite vomiting. Be rough ; you will succeed if you persevere. I have been three hours before I could get a patient of this description to vomit; he was, however, saved. Little children, from 1 to 4 years, give, for cholera, strong doses of rhubarb and magnesia ; never less than 8 grs. of each, and more, as you like. On the morning of the 18th June, poor-gave me a dreadful fright. Immediately after breakfast, she got attacked with cholera ; insensibility came on at once ; she was pulseless and blue. My remedy was however at hand, and in two hours she was able to speak, and the next day sitting up at her work in bed. None of my patients were ever ill more than 3 days. My mode of treatment was published in all the newspapers of the island, and saved hundreds wherever it was administered. The doctors (who never cured anybody) are all against me, and do all in their power to cry down the remedy wherever they go, except one gentleman, Dr. Montgomery, the head of the Civil Hospital, whose kind letter I send you a copy of. He candidly admits that he cured nobody before he saw my notes. You may picture to yourself the scenes which took place in town ; every cart, carriage, curricle, omni- bus-all employed carting the dead ; on one occasion, the door of a large omnibus suddenly burst open, when a number of corpses, black and white, male and i female, came tumbling out. For about a month, I could never sleep for an hour at a time, without being called up, with-" Monsieur, encové une personne malade." Thank God, I 'was lucky Í andj it will always be a satisfaction to me to feel that ISO people were saved by my simple remedy, .independent of the .numbers who «ame to me from ~oth'er parts of the island for relief. After'the cholera was over, a handsome present of dinner service was presented to me, with a most flattering letter, thanking me for my exertions during the epidemic, in saving'all the people on our estate and being 'ready in consequence to commence sugar making at least a couple of months before any bedy else. It was delightful to see our chimney smoking, the only one in the district, all the other estates per- fect wrecks from the malady. Cholera, I fancy, is caused bytminute insects in the atmosphere, -which, when swallowed, immediately poison the whole « of the contents of the Stomach, tcausing vomiting and purging. This poison must be removed as-soon as possible, by means of an emetic and q'lantities of hot water. I need hardly say that the effluvia from the same is -shocking, and allowed to remaimin the stomach, must<cause death." The enclosures referred to in the letter, were, 1st A letter to the Mauritius Reporter, entering into »details respecting the treatment of patients. We ex- tract from that communication "the following : 'On'the first appearance of an attack of cholera, or cs Boon as possible after -one has commenced, whether from vomiting or ipurging, administer an emetic of 30 grains of ipecacuanha and 2 grains of tartar emetic. After the -emetic has acted, give .copious doses of warm water «to clear the stomach. In every case but one, this -remedy appears to have given immediate relief, arresting the progress of the disease. In case either vomiting or purging should I continue, 'the usual dose of 'diluted sulphuric acid ?will be1 -ause to stop it. Ot liab been found that sul- phuric acid has a moro successful effect if the stomach has been thus cleared. The patient should not be .allowed to eat anything for some days, till the tone of , the stomach has been restored f The second enclosure was -copy of a letter to the Mauricien, ..containing an account of the successful treatment of 13 cases of cholera, by Mr. Fyers, on the Woolmar Estate. ' ' No. 3.-<Copy of a letter to Mr. Fyers, from Dr. Montgomery, Head Surgeon of the Civil Hospital, " an elderly jmon, and of great experience. ", The Doctor i speaks in the highest terms of Mr. Fyers' mode of ' treatment, and then proceeds :- < ' ! 2E shall submit to the Governmett and Municipality I that I consider you entitled to a medal, or seme other ' reward for the new light you have thrown on the cure ofthat scourge to the human trace.' I admire'your foresight and «boldness of action.-; no medical man would have dared to have adopted it. Emetics act in two ways. '1st.-By removing the acrid contents' of the etomach, and, 2ndly, by giving a shock to the systein. throwing all the respiratory and abdominal muscles into action, thus, acting by .compressing the lungs and intestines or viscera of abdomen, it may be termed mechanieal action-much better than the douche or any other remedy I have-yet ieard of. No. 4 .contains a list of cases, and account of treatment. 