QUEEN'S THEATRE. Mr. Waller appeared in Macbeth, on Monday evening. His reading throughout was marked by grout carc, and was not without many evi dences, of originality and points of brilliancy The Lady Macbeth of Mrs. Waller did her infinite credit; indeed, wo were not prepared to witness so forcible and striking an inipersonu tinn '? (I,..„,.l, -I ? ,1 ...M.. .. -11. il. wv' - Liiuu-ii auuuuuuuj yAiitmuu wiiu tlie genius of that lady, in. characters to which her powers seemed well adapted, we hardly calcu lated upon witnessing a transformation from that gay vivacity, that sparkling gprightliness, and that gentle softness, into the stern majesty and that terrible impetuosity winch ivo conceive to be noeessary to tho rendering of Lady Mac beth. It is, however, another proof that genius is a generic quality, and that circum stance alone developes its specific tendencies. Mrs. Waller exhibited all thoso high qualities which tradition and usage have set down as essentials in the composition of the imperso nated creation of our Shalcspeare. Her deliberate planning of tlio murder was deeply impressive, her calculations of future greatness singularly striking, her sang froid admirablo, and her regal bearing at the banquet most pic turesque. Tho somnambulist scene was a no ? less striking picture, and it ivas difficult to imagine that deathlike face the same whero we have seen tho piquant joyous expression of comedy. Her whisper was heard all over the houso, and as sho receded from oft' the stage, carrying with her the lamp, tho faculties of sight and hearing .wero .strained to the utter most, and the. pent-up breath hurst forth into a scream of applause at the moment of her exit Tho getting up of the play was marked by much judgment and attention to detail, and the melodramatic portions were conducted with laudable skill. Where there is so much to praise, it is an ungrateful task to have to pronounce censure ; justice, however, insists that wo should not mitigate tlie expression of our decided dissatis faction at the manner in which the. part of Macdufl' was played. It was one tetanic spasm throughout, and towards the close it became a painful convulsion of muscle, and a toneless shout. Some of Mr. Waller's best points were marred by the inefficiency of Mr. Cox's performance of this character, and we trust a wise discretion will deter this gentleman from appearing again in a part requiring a so much larger amount of histrionic skill than lie possesses. The fiircu of The Irish Tutor followed tho tragedy. Mr. Tuthill was racy beyond express sion in the part of Dr. O'Toole ; and it would bo difficult to praise loo highly the felicitous manner in which that of Mary was given liy Miss St. ('lair, whose face, figure, voice, action, aud expression are such as to. make her a most valuable member of tho corps draiuatique of this theatre. . Tho house was filled, and there would appear to be a thorough appreciation of the commend able! efforts which aro mado to minister to the enjoyment of tlio public. On Tuesday evening, Hamlet was performed to a very attentive audience. Plainlet, of Shakspeare's plays, is considered liis best. There, are certainly some very fino readings in the play of Hamlet, and some very interesting scenes ; but upon tho whole it is a lump of in congruities and inconsistencies, commencing with the Ghost and concluding with the poisoned cup. Homer assayed to bring down heaven to eartli — Milton to raise earth to heaven. Shalcspeare first mado the attempt to bring liell upon eartli ! Tho character of the young Prince is by no means one of the best or first of Shakspeare's conceptions, its con trarieties make it difficult of impersonation Many Lfreat actors have endeavored to ' o'er leap' Hamlet, hut have 'fallen' in the attempt Edmund Kem, admittedly tho greatest of modern actors, failed in Hamlet. Macrcady, in all his round of characters and unquestioned industry, failed to make, a 'hit' ill Hamlet. Mr. Waller, at first, and throughout the whole piece, deeply impressed us with tlio majestic bearing of the melancholy Prince, carefully confining himself to holding the mirror up to nature. His sceno with the players was most effectual, and tho beautiful soliloquy at the end of the second act was admirably given. The scene with Ophelia, and tho closet scone, much reminded us of Charles Kemble, being given in a very chaste stylo ; in fact, wo consider that Hamlet. ' is Mr. Waller's principal character, that is, in the round lie lias already sustained. The first Gravedigger was beyond all praise, and tho' gentleman who sustained the part of Polonius carefully spake no more than what was set down for him. Mrs. 'Waller's Ophelia was most aft'ecting in interest and pathos, but Ophelia is not one of her best characters, though sho was quite at homo in tho part. This lady is destined to become a great favorite here. Upon tho whole, we have not seen the play of Hamlet better pu upon the stage than it was last night, sinco tho days of the ' Garden' and ' Old Drury,' The care bestowed upon the working materia! j( tlii id the curtain reflects great credit on the manage ment, for which wo augur ccrtain success. Tho plit}' was followed by the lively farce of ' The Dumb Belle,' in which Mrs. Waller and Mr. Tuthill kept the liouse in a continual roar of laughter. 