Local and Provincial News. DR. LANG.-The meeting held or Monday in the Prince of Wales Theatre by the friends of Dr. Lang, was very numerously at- tended. A judiciously worded memorial to tht Governor-General was adopted, praying for a mitigation of the sentence of six months' imprisonment passed upon tho reverend defendant! and we.shall be happy to report its favorable entertainment by Sir William, lintier tlie peculiar circumstances of the cese, whieh presents many palliative feature.". The object ol the prc'Beentinn - the complete exonération ol Mr. Stewart from thc libellous imputations pre- ferred by tho reverend defendant-having been attained, we should be glad to see Dr. Lang spared other punishment beyond that which ;i calm retrospect of th« wh lo matter might bo expected to generate in tho breast of a pro fesscdly- conscicutious man, convicted, as he un- questionably stands, < f a most cruel slander upon a highly respected member of thc community. DISTRESSING SUICIDE.-A young mar- ried female, named Phobc 1'.utily Ash, aged tweiny-two years, ou Saturday last swallowed a quantity of oxalic acid, from thc effects <>f »Inch sho expired in tho early part of tho week. A cburgo of stealing ti watch was pending ngninet tho unhappy woman, which would ap- pear to havo temporarily affected her mind,' and induced the fatal act. An inquest was held upon tho body on Wednesday, when a verdict of temporary insanity" was returned. LAMENTABLE ACCIDENT.- As Mr. Field, a butcher, residing on the North Shore, was crossing in the steam ferry-boat. Herald, on Tuesday evening, with a quantity of sheep, one of the animals got overboard, and in attempting to recover it, the stancheons gave way, and Mr. Field and his assistant were precipitated into the water. A sch oner's boat picked up the latter almost immediately, but Mr. Field sunk to rise no more. POLICE OFFICE ACCOMMODATIONS. In the George-street Court, yesterday, Mr. Nichols made application to thc Bench to moino ri&liao; tho Government for an adequate supply of chairs for tho accommodation of the prol'os sion, dec. Just then, thu Colonial Secretary cn terell tho C.mrt, and was introduced on to tho Bench, but no chair being nt hand, tho honora- ble gentleman indignantly retired, avowing his determination ut once to place a snfiiciotit sum upon the estimates to supply tho deficiency com- plained of, rocking-chnirs included for thc ex- clusive occupation of dozy justices. CENTRAL CRIMINAL COURT. - The August sittings of this Court will commence on Monday next nt Darlinghurst. Tho calendar embraces some trials- of peculiar interest, the principal of which are that of Samuel Magnus for tho murder of his wife, and those of Messrs Nash and Forbes for conspiring to defraud. There is also a caso of murder from thc Clarence Kivcr, tho details of which arc of the most atrocious character. "TAKE HEED LEST YE FALL".-THE MAIN(K) QUESTION.-A certain honorable gen tloinnu engaging in a cci tain warm debate, in a certain legislative assembly, tho other evening, protested with much vxcitcment, that he would allow no mun to "I'UT HIM DOW«"; whereupon, another certain honorable gentleman congratu- lated tho speaker upon his "spirit": at the sumo timo hinting that if appearances might be rolied upon, there would presently be no occusion for any assistance in the assumption uf nu horizontal position by his honorable friend, EXCULPATION OF THE INNOCENT. In order to disabuse the minds of certain of our fair renders, ladicsof members of tho Legislative Conned, several of whom we learn not only en- tertain, but bavo expressed, strong suspicion of the true cu uso of their lords absenting themselves from their lawful pillows until 3j¡ a.m. yesterday morning, we have been requested by several hon. gentlemen to endorso their explanation to the effect that tho Hotteo did not udjonru until that very unusual hour. Wo havo much ploasuro in assuring tho ladies that such was thc fact. A CLERICAL CON.--Wbat; religionists take care of No. 1 most? Tho UNfrarhiua, A LONO LOOK OUT FOR PAYMENT.-The ghost of our defunct' contemporary, tho " Ill- ustrated Sydney News", has get forth in the " Herald " & most singular adver- tisement to its negligent debtors, viz: "That all accounts must bo paid hy tho 75th of August !" Did wc think that, by tho "Bulo of Coutrairics", creditors would aldin accept a similar notice, wo should gladly advw tise our willingness io pay oar little liabilities on the same day and date. SOME OÇ. THE MELBOURNE "TELE- GRAPH'S CoBKOeiJATiosa. - QDESTIOJI.- Will llohson's Bay bo alloyred to oater for tho Leger? BOYAL MAIL CLIPPERS*- Bushrangers cut- ting open thu mail bags. 'luis LATEST CASE OF SWCKINO-OT.-Posting G. V. Brooke's Bills. ' . # " - A SCKND,- fivtjiish (limper, on Ai* Jenny, vtakinfj fovß'to a Ohiumtt Ind;i.~Celcstiul ninidcri, deign to accept a son of earth I Mena DREADFUL IONOBANOU.-Ono of our friends wants to know, whether, when a vessel ¡ does not sail punctually ns advertised, that is , what is meant hy vessels lying in "tho bay. 0t% ? I DIARY OF A N.S.W. PHYSICIAN. ? NUTS rou. DR DOUGLASS!-A letter is in on i possession. wliii.li wns recently picked up in th j vicinity ot' Miller's Point. Theiuuhur.a gentle j rn in practising as a medical man in a distrit not 100 miles from Brisbane Wator, thus writs in tho P.S. of hi« communication;. "I ^va nearly forgetting to mention to yon that if . >o have a medical work to spare,'you will be d'in] mo a great favor hy lending it to me. To tel you tho truth, I feel sadly puzzled about th treatment of many cuses; and if I were tn mn ki aiinrjle i»i»liki-in roy practice io this district, might as well pack up, and ho ? ff di once, did make one mistake with a wnmun, which will explain in my ucxt letter. Tho complaint of females are very common here; mid I mus conns* I hardly know anything »bout then". Di ubtlors, this'confession of incompetency wai ) never intended for the public eye. We there ! fore Mipprcs« uames; but at tho same timi hexitfttu not to publish it, in the hope that ii j may meet with attention from tho honorable j framer of the Medical Bill at "present under thc consideration of the Council. Wo are prepared to vouch for the genuineness of the document. GEORGE HUFF. - "Bell's Life in Sydney" of the 21st instant announces the death of this far famed pugilist, for many years the champion of New Holland, and has no doubt succeeded in causing considerable dismay and sorrow amongst George's numerous friends and relatives. As it happens, however. Big George is now in Melbourne, all alive and kicking, as jolly as a sand-boy, and as hale and hearty as ever he was in his life. What could have been the motive for the report we are at a loss to guess. - Melbourne Telegraph, July 28. [Our announcement of Huff's demise was based upon a letter shewn to us by one of his connec- tions, in which the event was distinctly stated. His relatives in Sydney fully. credited the rumour; which, upon the faith of our contem- porary's denial, we now take the earliest oppor- tunity of contradicting, and restoring the dead to life. (DS. B. L. S.) NEWCASTLE. - One of those melan- choly events which throw a gloom over an other wisejoyous occasion occurred during the first day nf our raucs. und has resulted in the death of an estimable man. » ho leaves behind him a large I family to deplore his loss. An inquest was held I on tho body on Thursday, the 26th instant, before the Coroner, J. E. Stacey, lisq. It np I pears from the evidence that Mr. Samuel Asher. I the deceased, had taken his dray with goods cf some kind to tho course, and when returning home in tho evening with some of his neighbours in the cart, and just as they had arrived at where tlie Macquarie-roud abuts upon the railway, he fell from thc front of his dray backwards, dislo- cating tho spine Ho survived the injuries up- wards ot twelve hours, though completely para- lysed, and expired about ono o'clock on Thurs- day. Verdict-accidental denth. The deceased was a man who iu his capacity as a carter wus nn i vc reilly esteemed for his sober habits and quiet demeanour.-Another -accident, which happened upon thc course, occurred to Mr. JR. Tighe, and who, bnt for timely medical aid, might havo shared a similar fate. He was riding his horse round tho course ut full speed, when rounding the sharp turn to the distance chair, his horse shied and came down with him, throwing him violently tipt-n his head, and, us wo aro informed, tho animal rolled over him. He was immediately removed from thc course, and wo are happy to say is now far vcovercd from lu's injuries.-Maitland Metcury, Auy. 1. HORRIBLE MURDER. - Yesterday, a man, named Patrick Mahnr, was lodged in Goul- burn gaol, by District Constable Patterson, of Marulan, on a warrant, of committal, signed hy C. S. Nicholson, Ksq., J. P., of Berrima, on a charge of willfully murdering his wife Mary Mnhar, at Sutton 'Forrest, on Saturday Inst, by stabbing her in tho throat, The prisoner is a mau of diminutive stature, and about 55 years of agu. He is a. luboror, cultivating a-small plot of land in the Forest. Drunkenness appears to imvo been the immediate cause of the frightful catastrophe. Mallar strenuously denies his guilt, asserting that he was drunk overnight, and that when he recovered his senses in thu morning ho discovered his wife weltering in her blood. Tho fatal deed was committed with a tobacco knife, identified os tho property of tho prisoner (Jnu¡bui ti Chronicle, Jut;/ 23. 