ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE THE COLLINGWOOD BENEVOLENT AND PHILANTHROPIC SOCIETY. To the Editor of the At nus Sir-As the characters and intentions of the gentlemen forming the provisional committee of the above society were impugned by some of the speakers on Friday evening 1st it will be only fair to them to lay before your readers a few facts, which will tend to disabuse the minds of those who may have been misled by the false assertions made; and we believe that every candid person will see that the question was not-" Is there destitution, or only distress 'but- " Who are the parties acting on the committee, and do they belong to our sheepowner?" 1st. The committee appointed at the public meeting held in Oxford-street Chapel, were pioini-ciiou'-ly chosen from parties I patient, after a resolution had been adopted that a committee should be for mud who should endeavor to amalgamating the St. [Mark s Visiting Society,or.asithas been lately called,. on the Collingwood Benevolent Society," in ac cordance with the wishes expressed by a deputation from that society and after the terms of amalgamation were agreed upon the provisional committee were empowered to call another public meeting to receive their report. 2\. That only one of the opposition speakers of Friday's meeting was present on the above occasion, and he did not oppose the proceedings. 8\. That when the committee was appointed, it was expected that funds would have to be raised from door to door and it was only by the accident of Miss Hayes's arrival, and offer to give a concert in behalf of the society, that its funds are apparently so prosperous ; although, if there be only the distress acknowledged by our opponents, a much larger sum will be required to afford relief to the sufferers. 4\. When the Young Men's Instruction Society was first formed, in connection with Oxford-street Chapel, Mr. Landells was its president, but he subsequently resigned on account of frequent attacks being made against ministers, chiefly by Mr. Phipson. (We give the above as the current report, without exposing an opinion upon it.) 5\. Of the opponents to the committee, two are members of Mr. Landidls's church (Dr. Embling and Mr. J. G. Robinson). G. Dr. Embling stated that the Oxford street Chapel was essentially the Church of the Flat. Mr. Thomas, pastor of the Second Independent Church, commenced preaching on the Flat, the previous Sabbath, July 8th. 7\. There are several members of the latter church on the committee, they being present at the public meeting ; while so little interest was displayed by those belonging to the former, about the temporal wants of the people, that few, if any, were present, not even the above-named gentlemen. Dr. Embling implied that Mr. Great head had been entering falsehoods in his journal, concerning the distressed condition of the people in his district. About four months ago, a proposal was made to organise a system of relief in connection with the City, Mission, in consequence of several parties having perused the missionary's journal, which contained accounts of many cases of distress, even at that time. Dr. Embling is one of the Collingwood District Committee of the City Mission, whose duty it is to road weekly the said journal. Either the charges made by him against Mr. Great head are untrue, or Dr. Embling is an unfit man to act on the commit- to as it was clearly his duty, in carrying out the public trust reposed in him, to have made inquiries and if Mr. G. were entering falsehoods in his journal, he ought to have put a stop to such proceedings. We leave the public to judge. 8\. From the above, no surprise will be felt at the animus displayed by the various opposition speakers on Friday, evening last, though, we must say, it is most unfair to brand a body of men with infamy because there is one, or even half-a-dozen, of their number against whom certain parties have a personal pique and still more so when a public meeting like the one referred to is made the arena for a newspaper quarrel. In reading the report of the speeches delivered on Friday evening in opposition to the proposed society, the first we come to is Mr. Blair's, which, acknowledging the distress, finds fault with its being made public, and instead of acting on the principle of " charity begins at home," wishes to see all moneys collected given to existing institutions, to which the necessitous are to apply, and professes to be seen that the intention is to pauperise the people with charity, instead of making them self-reliant by teaching them to help themselves; while Mr. Blair knows well, that the men forming the committee owe their position to their own exertions, or, to use a well-known expression, are self-made men, and therefore by no means likely to encourage indolence in others. His figurative language about dropping down dead, will be readily understood as a form of expression frequently made use of by "Irish members," who seem to consider it as their peculiar privilege. We would however, recommend him, when uttering a witticism or strong expression, to make himself so intelligible at first, that it will be unnecessary to rise a second time to explain the point of the joke, or in how wide a sense such an awful idea is to be taken ; as, in the former it would prevent the dull brains from being puzzled, and, in the latter, the weak nerves would not be unnecessarily excited. Mr. Myers followed. He had visited most of the cases reported in the Argus at once, desti- tution did exist and relief was needed at another, there was no want, because, while there a butcher took a quarter of mutton, and rode off without asking for the money. Query, Did Mr. Myers ask whether the party hada running account with the butcher, or whether some charitable individual had sent the meat in consequence of seeing the report in the Argus ? Another had a loaf on the table, not the remains of one, but a whole one, and therefore could not want Did Mr. M. ask who sent it Then came Mr. Robinson, who accompanied Mr. Myers in his visit, not of charity, but as a spy to see the nakedness of the land and acting upon the doctrine so fully laid down for the guidance of the committee, that they should not sound a trumpet before them, he informed the audience that he took some cash in his pocket to relieve any cases he might meet with. Query, Did he dispense his gifts at the house where Mr. Myers stated they needed relief? Dr. Embling in behalf of several ministers, denied that distress existed, and gave utterance to the expressions before mentioned ; hut so much does he appear to have been the victim of the London bog. gave, that their ghosts still haunt him, and he cannot attend a meeting, at which it is proposed to carry out the Christian rule of feeding the hungry, clothing the naked or visiting the fatherless and the widow, than those awful cases of deception come uppermost in his mind, and he repeats his store story about those professional beggars, After the advocates on either side had made their most eloquent speeches, surpassing in excellence those made by that august body meeting in St. Patrick's Hall (vide Dr. Murphy), it was only befitting so great an occasion that the judge should build up, the jury give in the verdict, and the judge pass sentence; and, as time was up, what single individual so fit to HU the duties of thirteen men of Mr. Peter Virtue, jun., who accordingly informed the meeting that he had gone there perfectly unbiassed (he forgot to refer to his letter, which appeared a day or two previously as a proof of that fact) ; " that after hearing both sides, he thought the plaintiffs had completely lost their cause, and should be non- suited ;" and thus pronounced judgment, " That if practicable, the amendment was to be adopted : if not, for the meeting, at all events, put its foot on the incubus of a society that was now proposed, and let that society and their operations with what they had got." We regret that the meeting did not end with the above judgment, but, to our surprise and deep sorrow, statements were made by a gentleman, occupying a position in society and in the Christian world which should place any statements made by him as above suspicion. We allude to Mr. Clowes, the Episcopalian minister in Collingwood, who, not content with making a charge against six of his most active members, so far forgot himself as to malign the character, and nickname the gentlemen belonging to the Philanthropic Committee As his sea! lions were denied by Mr Benson and Mr. Templeton, we will forbear further remarks, except that it rests with the six gentlemen notified to clear themselves by publishing a full account of the proceedings of the Collingwood Benevolent Society, as they are entered on the minute book. Truth demands that such should be done; and Chi eternity will never silver by a fall expression being given to truth, even though the characters of its false professors should be laid open to the world. Aliare,howovor,led to ask Was thodetiroto amalgamate honest, or was it only an attempt to handle the cash, and use the power cash gives, in behalf of what came to be the dominant sect ? Lot those concerned only. ARISTIDES. 