ELECTION MEETINGS. MR HUGHES AT KENSINGTON. A meeting ot the electors of East lorrens was held at the Globe Inn, Kensington, for the purpose of giving J. B. Hughes, Esq., an opportun ty of expressing his polit cal views. Shortly after 7 o'clock, the hour ap pointed for the meeting, the room was crowded to excess. Dr Wark, having been called to the chair, said it was hi- duty to state that that meeting was the last of a st rii advertised hv Mr Hught s' Committee, to give the electors a lull oppor-unity of li-teniag to him and becoming acquainted will his sentiments. He would now intioduce that gentleman. Mr IlvGiins, who was r c ived with cheers and cries of disapprobation, said he came there that evening in accor unee with the wishes of those cl ctors of East Torrcns who, at the meetng held at the Maid and Magpie, had asked him to come forward as a candidate. He need not say that he was no party to the arrange ments made by his Committee, but they having adopted a ceitain couise, he was bound to comply with their wishes, In other parts of the district he had been re ceived in a very kind manner and with much courtesy by the electors, and he was sure the same favour would not be denied him at the present meeting. [Hear, hear.] lie would now, at the risk of being tedious, re peat his political ■ iews as elsewhere given. To begin with, he would have the franchise extended to every man of s ine mind who had resided six months in the district to which he belonged. In a country like Aus tralia, where the community was so frequently being added to, he thought the new arrivals should be amal gamated as quickly as convenient. With regard to the Germans, he was of opinion that they, after a short residence—say three years—should have equal rights with the other colonists of send ing representatives of their own- to the Legislature. In framing a now Constitution, then, he was of opinion that the privilege of a vote should be extended to all inhabitants of the colony who had resided in their respec tive districts six months. As to qualification, neither electors nor elected should be required to have property qualification. Money, whether left to a person by his grandmother, or obtained by his own industry, or any other means, gave the possessor no more sense than the more ordinary qualities of tough sinews and strong arms. [Hear, hear.] But if the franchise were thus extended there should be the protection of the ballot along with it. [Cheers.] It would be more than ever necessary when the right of voting was extended to a larger pro portion of the labouring classes thanat the present time, for the best and most upright of employers might, by his example, influence the votes of his servants if they were called upon to give them openly. Let there be every facility for men to vote as they piease. The question, in his mind, was certainly not a matter of "milk and water." [All cream.] With regard to the construction of the new Parliament, he thought the Lower House should be elected to sit three years. The Upper House should be returned by the same constituencies, but by larger numbers. Thus, if there were 36 members for the Lower House and 12 for the Upper, three of the Lower House electoral districts should combine to return one member to the Upper House. Every six years he would propose one-third of the Upper House should retire, and one-third at every subsequent dissolution of the Par liament. This would prevent the inconvenience of the Upper House members going tcS the country at once, and would infuse a degree of stability and experience into its Constitution that could not be otherwise at tained. The clamour about Lords and Barons was all nonsense in such a country- as this. The system he advocated would be simply dividing the legislature into two parts, and would effectually- provide against the hasty legislation which the colony had hitherto so much suffered from. The existing Railway and Bonus Bills were illustrations of the evil that had been done by rat tling measures through the Council in a rash manner The Railway Bill, he need not inform them, had been a source of considerable grievance to the people in his part of the country. He supposed he must refer to tliif question of State aid to religion. He believed it could not be doubted, that since that matter had been set at rest, rcl gion had progressed with more satisfaction than it had ever done before. The people saw the subject was left to their own exertions, and they did their ut most to support the various sects to which they belonged. The result of this was, that chapels and churches were now springing up around tliem in all directions. Such a system was especially adapted to such a country as Australia. Having given them a sketch of his political views, he would now advert to himself. Ho was before them single handed—without a party, and without promise of support, and, he would repeat, without any selfish motive, to offer himself in opposition to a Go vernment officer, one of the most popular men in the district. [Cheers.] He allowed himself to be put in nomination by his friends, on a question of principle, and it was far from i'air to him, that what he said on the subject at the Maid and Magpie, should have been construed into such gross egotism as it had been by some of bis opponents. He never for one moment was so childish as to suppose that people would come for ward and give him their votes simply out of personal regard, and he had too good an opinion of the electors to suppose that if he had made such a fool of himself as was represented by some, the people would have been simple enough to ask him to go to the poll. With re gard to the coming out of Mr Gwynne, he must remind them that what he (Sir Hugheb) said was, that if a better man than himself came out in opposition to Mr Bonncy, he (Mr Hughes) would retire—[Cheers, and "we won't let you"]—but he had no idea then that Mr Bonney would fail to go to the poll. When Mr Gwynne came forward, he (Mr Hughes) felt that he had some character in the country, and he could not help feeling that some sort of intimation might have been made to him thai an opponent was g'nig to be brought against him by the electors, and he would have at once stated whether he would give way to him or not. But the first he heard of the matter was in a kind of jocular manner at the Napoleon Bonaparte, v.heie he was told by some fast young men —" A.h, we'd brng Gwynne out sgain-t you." [LiiuehUr] Wh n he heard that, he laughed at the idea ot :t. He knew little of Mr Gwynne or his party, but when he considered that Mr Gwynne had so long been a Governniei t men her of the Legislature—that lie especially was the very b^au ideal of a nominee, he could not believe that that genili man would come lor ward as he had done as a candidate to repres nt that, the district of the colony- which, above all others, had ever been foremost to advocate the establishment- of responsible government. He felt certain that Mr Gwynne would never have a chance in such a contest. [Hear, hear, and uproar.] He did not wish to say a single word against Mr Gwynne, but he was going to observe that, when he saw that gentleman's address in the papers, he was as much astonished as if he had seen a ghost. [Roars of laughter. " You were frightened."] Oh no, he was not one to be frighiened at a ghost, and Mr Gwynne was not going to have he ghost of a chance. He certainly- was surprised, however, to see Mr Gvvvnne come for ard in such radical guise ; but. if the electors had come forward in some way and told him Mr Gwynne was to be brought against him, he would have asked Irs friends whether he should retire —[cheers]—although that gentleman had not shown pluck enough to come out against Mr Bonncy. As it was he was advised to go on, and lie considered himself bound to do so. He had no personal object to gain by the contest. [M.L.C.] What was M.L.C. but some thing that imposed upon a man a great responsibility and a large amount of labour ? The only recompence to he obtained was, the pleasure of coming forward after the duties of a session and receiving from the constitu ency whatever praise had been earned. [Soft soap.] Soft soap, indeed ! Tnat no one can say I ant given to indulge in. He had told them his sentiments when he saw the address of Mr Gwynne. He afterwards attended that gentleman's meeting to hear his reasons for opposing him, and to learn «n what principles he came forward. At that meeting he was a quiet listener, and he considered lie was scarce fair'y treated when Mr R. Stow exclaimed " I see Mr Hughes is here." He had come there with his hat over his eyes, and did not expect to be singled out in such a manner. [Here there was a great disturbance, caused by a man who undertook to prove that Mr Hughes did not have his hat entirely over his eyes on the night referred to.] At that meeting he had no desire to hade himself, but he did not think he was fairly treated. He thought it un just that on that evening a gentleman present should endeavour,, under pretext of quoting the words of another man, bring aga nst him (Mr Hughes) the occu sation of being possessed of " contemptible creature," and of having boasted of possessing £40,000. His answer was, Mr J. Stow never said such words as Mr Wearing attributed to him. [He did.] I say he did not. If there has been contemptible vanity, it was shown by Mr Gwynne. [Here was a great disturbance for a minute or two.] With regard to Mr Gwynne and his coming forward, he did not wish to say anything which would hurt his feelings; he would, however say, his political opinions were such that the electors could not take him as their representative. He would repeat a few extracts from the papers of Mr Gwynne's senti ments, expressed Avhilst he sat as a nominee in the Legislative Council. For himself he might say he came, forward without any preparations. He did not scringe to have his friends at his meetings. He threw himself on the constituency, and trusted to their sense of business. [Hear, hear.] Mr Hughes then read the subjoined extracts li-om the speeches of Mr Gwynne on the Constitution Bill " G. F. Dashwood and E. C. Gwynne's protest, 12th November, 1852. The Upper Chamber should be nominated by the Crown, for life, otherwise it would be insufficient to act as a counterpoise to the popular element, the chief object to be sought in creating an Upper House. We protest absolutely against the proposed extension of the suffrage, without the nominated Upper House. We would extend the protection to the Bal'ot to all who desire it, though we regard the public exercise of the franchise as a privilege and a duty. As the entire power, both executive and administrative, would of J necessity ultimately revert to the Lower House, and a pure democracy be brought in under the disguise of Con st tutional Government. We protest absolutely against the introduction here of any approach to this form of Go vernment " These gentlemen also recommended that the members of the Upper Chamber should possess as a quali lificarion £2,500. [Oh, oh.] On August the 23rd, 1853, he found, Mr Gwynne would give ihe people " the power of the purse, aided by a free press and public opinion, and the people could have no fear of tyranny from the aristocracy." Bui "his only fear was of the tyranny of a democratic majority." Again—"he had, ior the sake of onanmiit v, bc.vn induced to make a sacrifice of ntnnv oi his opinions. He would take all this demo cracy if vou w 11 co>icede a nominated Upper House." "The great que.-t:on of democracy," he said, "was being wotked out in America, and in the recent attack upi-ii Cuba they had a specimen of its workings there— in a time of profound peace they attacked a frieudly power. There the will of the people was unjust and tyiannical—they even polluted the temple of justice., Put what construction they pleased upon it—but if they refused a nominated Upper House, the Constitution would be nothing more than a pure democracy, and tiiey would soon sink into a republic." In another part he says—" So great was the tyranny of opinion, that it j stifled the voice of humanity." Again he says "The colonists had asked repeatedly forj |the control of the Land Fund; but it appeared to him (Air Gwrane) that the Minister would be guilty of a breach of trust if he made no provision for its due administration and to secure that, there should be a nominee Upper House. August 9th —" He was glad they were to have a nominated Upper House" Un August 9 "He could not but conceive there was something puerile in the connexion between members and their constituents here. No sooner did one of the foimer express in strong language a particular opinion t" was called to task by the latter." August 19 —" His opinion was that a pension list might be a great blessing.^ An officer of the Government had a freehold in his office, and had as great a right to compensation when deprived of that office, as any other person had whose land was taken, from lu'm for public purposes 1 he whole amount proposed was £2000. If there were any objection to this it was its small amount." On September 29—"He had lived long enough to know that peifection could not be found. Thev must accept approximations to their ideas in order to secure sub stantial benefits, and those approximations could only be found in compromises. ' Nov. 1—On amotion to re commit the Bonus Bill, Mr Gwynne was absent. Oc tober 18 —Mr Gwynne voted "in majority for larger salaries than the Committee recommended. Also for Governor at £4000 or £3000, as recommended by said Committee. October 19—lie voted for four years bouus in place of three years. September 22, 1854, he said—■ " Mr Kingston's motion was a great waste of time. The motion was absurd and he should vote against it." September 22—" He admitted that the feeling of that House Was exhibited that day in ah unmistakeable manner. He was also willing to admit that the ma jority of the people were in favour of an Elective Upper House. _ Having made these admissions he should vote against the motion—he would not act dis honourably as^ to tlie compromise—as the resolution was evidently intended to re open the discuss ons settled by the passing of the Bill, he would oppose It." He found also that out of forty votes carried in the Council, Mr Gwynne was present only at thirteen ; and so thoroughly was he regarded a supporter of the Government that on one occasion, when Mr J. Baker brought forward a measure, he said he saw the Government were determined it should not be carried, for he saw Mr Gwynne in liis place. [Uproar.] During the time Mr Gwynne was in tlie Legislative Council, he believed he was not present at one sitting out of five. Before concluding he should observe that after Mr GWynne's meeting, he (Mr Hughes) met his friends, and they all determined that he must go to the poll, if only to vindicate his character. He would do so, and leave himself in the hands of the electors. [Cheers and disturbance.] Mr We ah. ixg asked Mr Hughes if he was an elector of West Adelaide ? i Mr Hughes—Was not. Wearing—Did Mr Hughes come forward on the requisition of the electors, or of his own accord ? Mr Hughes came forward at first of his own ac cord and took the question up ; and the electors at the Maid and Magpie then asked him to go to the poll. In coming before tliem as he did, he did not think they would look upon him as a foreigner. He did not be lieve that there could be any objection to him, because lie lived a few miles the other side of Adelaide. He had an interest in the whole of the colony. [Hear, hear.] Mr We.vri.vg—Had Mr Hughes received a requisition since the retirement of Mr Bonney ? Mr IIvghes had received no written requisition from the electors since that time. Mr Yl E.vnrxo asked Mr Hugho3 if he recollected being at a public meeting with Mr Gwynne ten year3 ago [loud laughter], where he (Mr Hughes) held uu ilia hand in favour of State Aid ? Mr Hughes did not recollect that he ever met Mr Gwynne at any public meeting. Mr Wearing—Had Mr Hughes ever held up his hand at a public meeting in favour of a State Grant to Religion ? Mr Hughes did not believe he had; nor, as he had already said, did he believe he had ever been present with Mr Gwynne at any public meeting in his lite. Mr Bill—Would Mr Hughes vote for Responsible G overnment in every sense of the term ; and what did Mr Hughes mean by Responsible Government? Mr Hughes explained that his views of Responsible Gov ernment was a ministry entirely amenable to the people. [Cheers.] Mr Bill—Was Mr Hughes in favour of all Govern ment officers in the House being elected by the people ? Mr IIugues was decidedly of opinion that it should be so. Mr Bill—Was Mr Hughes opposed to ail bonuses to Government officers ? Mr Hughes—Not to all bonuses, hut he believed there were a great many officers in the service who deserved no bonus. Let them take a ease in point ! Mr Hughes was then p oceediug to cite the case of Mr Bonney as an illustration, but the interruption wa3 j so g eat tliat he was unable to continue.] Ilia princi- j pies wore to go into the House not as a delegate from | any particular class, but as a representative and advo cate >f ail the interests of the colony. [Hear, hear]. Mr Filgate wanted to know on what principle Mr Hughes went to the Light to oppose Mr Bagot. Mr Hughes, in reply to that, said he went to the Light at the request of the tradesmen at North Kapunda, to advocate the principles of representative government. The people there did not like the district to be made a family borough. Mr Filgate—Did Mr Hughes promise to go back at the next election to contest thed istrict? Mr Hughes pledged himself to do so if requested, but the district never asked bim to do so. Mr Stapley—Did Mr Hughes intend to oppose State aid to racing ? Mr Hughes thought the principle was bad, and should not be countenanced in any form. Mr II. Clark asked Mr Hughes if he would explain what he had stated at another meeting concerning legislating on religious matters. Many persons had not understood his views. . Mr Hughes replied that all the legislation he con sidered necessary in religious matters was, that an Act like what existed in America, should be introduced here, to enable trustees of small country churches to carry on their affairs without reference to central authority Dr Moyle—What was Mr Hughes's opinion of the Distillation Act? Mr Hughes thought the New South Wales Act might be introduced here with advantage It was more liberal than that in force in this colony. [Cheers.] Mr Hughes, in answer to Mr Sidney Clark, Baid he was decidedly in favour of the Excise laws being kept in operation. How else could the revenue be obtained. Air J. Stow, whose rising was the signal for several moment's uproar, said he thought he had a fair claim upon the hearers, as he had been most unfairly at tacked. Air Wearing, at the last meeting, brought him forward as a "pattern of consistency," but the words he then applied to Inra were not only a misrepresenta tion but a tissue of falsehoods. The speaker then read the report of Air Wearing's remarks, as given in the newspapers, and declared that he had never made use of the words " contemptible vanity," in reference to Air Hughes, as asserted by Mr Wearing Other falsehoods were the assertions that he (Mr Stow) called Air Hughes a " contemptible creature,'.' and that he (Air Hughes) merely wished to tack the magic letters Al.L.C. to his name in order that he might return to England with the honour. He would deny almost every word Air Wear ing said, and must remark that that gentleman must have considered the cause of Air Gwynne very weak to have confined his observations almost entirely to an attack upon one of Air Hughes's supporters. [Great liproar.] Air Wearing would not retort upon Mr Stow in the elegant manner in which he had referred to him; for be thought no gentleman should rashly come before a body of electors and make such charges as had just been brought against him. He would say, however, that the words Air Stow used at a former meeting, were substantially identical with those which he (Air Wearing) had stated. Who was the liar now then, himself or Air Stow ? [Uproar.] Air Hughes, with the veracity peculiar to him, had attributed the words used to him (Mr Wearing), but the fact was, he had not even endorsed those words; now, however, he would do so, for the more he saw of Mr Hughes in this con test the more he was prepared to endorse all that had been said against him. [Uproar.] The insolent manner in which Mr Hughes had behaved himself that night [Shame, shame.]—convinced him in all that had been uttered to his disadvantage. Air Wearing, amidst loud cries of opposition, proceeded.—He would appeal to those who were present at the Gold diggers' Arms a few n:ghts ago, as to whether what he had said in re ference to Air Stow's remarks were not as he (Air Wear ing) nowstated. He did i otsaythe words reported in the papers were exactly the same as had been spoken, but the meaning of them was as had been stated. Air Howard Clark, would ask the meeting whether the electors assembling on this important question were to have nearly an hour of their time occupied in person alities. [Hear, hear.] It was a disgrace to the district. [Cheers.] What he wished to say, however, was that he thought Air Hughes had made use of one word in reference to Air Wearing that he should withdraw. But the other two gentlemen that had just spoken were fur more irregular in their remark* than Air Hughes. Air Townsexd addressed the meeting, amidst much uproar, in favour of Air Hughes, and urged that that gentleman had rescued them from a political difficulty. They must remember that about twenty days ago Air Gwynne was a nominee, and now lie professed to be a candidate of the most liberal principles. lie proposed that Air Hughes is a fit and proper person to represent East Torrens Air Roberts seconded the resolution. Air Wearing moved as an amendment that Edward Castres Gwynne, Esq., is a more fit and proper person to represent the district [Hear, hear ] Air Filgate seconded the amendment. The question was then put, and the Chairman decided that the majority were in favour of Air HugheB. He confessed, ^however, that thers was some difficulty at first to say which had the largest show of hands. A vote of thauks was given to the Chairman, and the meeting separated. 