MORTALITY" AMONGST THE " CHEAP" NEWSPAPERS. Already have ten of these puling bantlings been deposited in an infantine grave. First in the race towards an early tomb, as in the path of a doubtful fame, the Manchester Halfpenny Ex press blow out its puny wail, and sunk for ever in the stream of forgetfulness. Its brief and useless career was speedily emulated by the Penny Express, which found an ignoble birth and an ignominious end in the same enterprising city. A twopenny abortion, which made its j appearance in Liverpool, under the title of the Guardian gave up the ghost after spasmodically drawing breath twice or thrice. The Leeds and Yorkshire Daily Express expired at the conclu sion of a lingering illness, yet its whole tenure of life was but of fourteen days'duration. The Newcastle. Courier has also completed its earthly i journeyiuLS, and is not again expected to revisit " the glimpses of the moon." A similarly short span of existence only was allotted the Devenport Post. The usual caution of our Scotch brethren seems to have forsaken them in regard to cheap newspapers, and they " went into the breeding of that class of stock" with amazing eagerness. Old papers, of decent pecuniary character, split up their thrice a week sheets into tiny flaps of daily news. New and very original half pennyworths of diurnal intelligence spring up like mushrooms, and many of the old hemdomadals shrunk instinctively away from contact with the pert aspirants. The spasmodic heaving, though severe, was but of brief duration. AI ren dy ! tas the ricketty progeny begun to show symptoms of decay. The Glasgow Daily Times and the Glasgow Free Churchman have both yielded their worthless breath and expired of inani tion. In Ireland the mania seems to have spread with equal rapidity, and to have met with a similar fate; the Limerick Daily Times and the Clonmel Daily Chronicle having strutted their brief hour upon the stage, have been numbered with " the years beyond the flood." The Deny Sentinel and the Stirling Observer, having each essayed a double trial of their readers' patience, by publishing twice instead of once a week, have drawn in their horns, and each retired into its weekly shell. The Irish organ, with characteristic frankness, states its reason for adjuring the new newspaper faith, in the following sensible ad mission of its error:—" VVe found that the mer eantile class were opposed to advertising more than once a week ; and as success principally depended 011 the increase of advertisements, it 1 would be fruitless to continue publishing twice weekly under such circumstance." Numbers of others, it is well known, have already received such damage to their sickly constitutions as to render it impossible that they can long survive. —Liverpool Standard, 