Laid before the Moreton Bay Aborigines Friends' Society, of a journey along the Condamine, Barwan, and Namoi Rivers, by WILLIAM RIDLEY, Missionary. A public meeting of the Moreton Bay Aborigines Friends' Society was held in the School of Arts, Bris- bane, on Wednesday evening, 21st November, 1855. The attendance was numerous. The chair was taken by Mr. D. R. Somerset, of Brisbane, the Treasurer of the society. The Rev. A.W. SINCLAIR opened the meeting with a psalm, Scripture, and prayer. The Rev. W. RIDLEY read the report of his late tour among the aborigines in the west. After which It was moved by the Rev. N. TURNER, seconded by the Rev. CHARLES SMITH, and carried unanimously-- " That the report now read be adopted by this society." It was then moved by the Rev. THOMAS BELL, seconded 'by Mr. JAMES SPENCE, and carried--"That the report now read be sent to the editors of the Syd neyHerald and Empire newspapers, with a request to publish it therein, and be also printed in a separate form to be forwarded on behalf of this society to various Christian communities in this land and in Britain." It was finally moved by the Rev. W. J. K. PIDDINGTON, seconded by Mr. GRIMES, and carried--"That this meet ing record their solemn conviction of the duty devolving on the Christian colonists of Australia to make known the Gospel to the aborigines of the land."' The following is the report referred to in the above resolutions:-- The objects of this journey were, to ascertain how far in the interior the "Turrubul" dialect, used in Bris bane, is understood by the aborigines ; to learn what dialects are spoken along the Condamine; especially to find where Kamilaroi, the language of the Namoi, begins to be spoken; and, of course, to declare the glad tidings of salvation wherever it was practicable. I left Brisbân on Saturday, 21st July last. The next day, after preaching to the colonists at Moggil on the Brisbane River (15 miles above this town), addressed about thirty aborigines who were encamped there, in Turrubul; they understood the address. As most of the aborigines are quick at learning the letters (though they have no alphabet of 'their own), I prepare and distribute among them, whenever I visit them, small spelling books or tracts containing their own words in English characters. These tracts contain a brief statement ef creation, of man's sin, of God's anger at sin, and of Christ's interposition on behalf of sinners. The name "immanuel" is used because few aborigines can sound the letter S, while a word ending in a liquid, having indeed no consonant but liquids, is quite in accordance with the smooth sound of their usual speech; and because "Immanuel" is a word which I can literally translate into the aboriginal language, as I could not at present do with the names "Jesus" and "Christ." ("ngeane-kunda-Baiame" in Kamilaroi means "with us--God;") I prepared and distributed at Moggil 6 tracts in Turrubul. . On tho road to Warwick, on the 26th, I met an abori- ginal native of the Hunter River district who had been to Scotland; He speaks both English and Gaelic with great accuracy and fluency, and can read and write the former: but he aid he bad forgotte hs mother-tongue. The few blacks I met at Warwick and Canning Downs understood the Brisbane dialect, and have the same family names as those on the coast of Moreton Bay. There are generally as many as forty about that quarter, the head of the Condamine; but I could not fall in with more than eight. From Killarney, a flourishing wheat farm on the head of the Condamine, I followed the course of that river for 450 miles, going almost in a semicircle, north, then west, then south. On the Darling Downs, through which the Condamine flows for 100 miles, I saw very few aborigines, and most of those few spoke dialects with which I was unac- quainted. But on Western Creek, the head of the Weir, which rises within 12 miles of the Condamine, I found some who spoke Kamilaroi, and bore the family names used on the Namoi, 200 miles to the southward. The family or clan names at Moreton Bay are "Bandur, Bundar, Barang, and Derwain," with the corresponding feminine namos "Bandurun, Bundarun, Barangun, and Derwaingun." Every aboriginal native of Moreton Bay bears one of these names; all brothers have the same, and all sisters have a name corresponding to their brothers; the sisters of Bandur being all Bandurun, and so on. The names of the Kailaroi-speaking blacks and surrounding tribes, are " Ippai, Murri, Kubbi, and Kumbo;" and the feminine names" Ippata, Mata, Kapota, Buta." These names are the means of a comprehensive classification of the people, on which are based definite and unalterable rules of marriage and descent. One cannot help thinking that this classification and the laws based upon it, were the invention of sagacious and comparatively civilized men among the remote forefathers of this savage race. The blacks at Western Creek were shy, and at first pretended not to understand the dialect in which I spoke to them; but a word of Kamilaroi, which I used, having offended the chief man among them, he answered me angrily in the same language,and this gave me the information I was seeking. Though they could speak Kamilaroi their proper language is Pikumbul (Peekumble), a dialect in which some few words are the same as in that of Brisbane, and some the same as in Kamilaroi. At Warrawarra, 100 miles northward from Warwick, I met, in a party of ten aboriginals, three who had been on the Namoi, and who conversed with me in the language used there. At several stations along the Condamine I met aborigines who had a few words in common with the language I had previously learnt on the Namoi; but I found very few who understood that language until I came to Surat, 300 miles down the river from Warwick. At Surat .and Yambukal, a mile lower down, I found twenty-five aborigines who under- stood my Kamilaroi, and after a time became attentive and communicative. Two young black- fellows began in earnest to learn to read the tracts which I had prepared and illustrated with paintings for them. As they had been taught by the stock men to distinguish the brands of cattle, they were the more ready at learning the letters. And when, after a few mistakes, they found themselves able to distinguish correotly one letter from another; it was pleasing to observe the glow of satisfaction expressed in their countenances. 20th August. Left Surat, accompanied by two black policemen, whom Lieutenat Fulford kindly sent to attend me down the river, there being 70 miles without any inhabited station, where it is not considered safe to travel unprotected. We arrived early that day at Wira bun, 15 miles below Surat; where a dozen aborigines, having heard that a white man was coming who could speak their language, came up to the hut as soon as they saw me, and listened very attentively to my discourse. Among their party was a grey-headed blind man. Al- though the lot of a blind and aged savage might be deemed cheerless, this old man's countenance, bright with smiles, seemed as if no evil passions or melancholy ever beclouded it. Both his own kindred and the white men at the station pay kind attention to his wants; and he is easily pleased. It happened that, while I was near him, he called to his people to guide him to their camp; and as no one of them noticed him, I took one end of the old spear which they use in leading him, and hand- ing him the other end, guided him thither. The old man laughed heartily, shouted to his friends to see the white stranger leading him, nnd warmly thanked me with his repeated "murruba inda" (goodyou), for this little attention. . The next* day we came a long journey to a desertod hut, Warru. As one of my guards was from the Mur- rumbidgee, and the other from tho Dawson, I could not converse with them in any Australian dialect; but they wore protty well acquainted with English ; and I spent tho evening in attempting to explain to them the ele- ments of Gospel taath. When, after speaking of the ascension of the Redeemer, I said " he will come again t" one of them instantly inqnired, "when will he come?" Another long doy's rido brought us to Bulgora. The presence of the police may havo been a necessary safe- guard at Warru; but their appearance very much inter- fered with my object at Bulgora, by striking terror into tho hearts of tho unoffending blacks there. It was some time before they could be persuaded that one who came attended by policemen had no hostile intentions. "But the next day the men in chargo of the station, who aro good friends to their block neighbours, having returned home, and the police being gone, I found them much moro accessible. Thero were about forty aborigines there. Their native dialect is Uolaroi; and that being very much like Kamilaroi, they understood and conversed with me in tho latter. Tho suffix-aroi in these names signifies possession, like our suffix-ful; and "uol" and hom il mean " no" in those dialects respectively.. Most of the dialects of the interior with which I am at all acquainted, are named after tho negative ; for instance, " Wiruiaroi" is the dialect in wliieh " wirai," is " no ;" " Wailwun" (wilo wun) that in which *' wail" is " no." By the report of a lecture by Mr. Parker, M.L.C. of Victoria, we are in- formed that, in that part of Australia also, the dialects are named after the negative. In one dialect, however, " Pickumbul," spoken on the Weir, the ó$rmattre " pika" (yesï gives a name to the dialect. . This is just as it was in France, where ** Langue d oo" and " Langue d'oui" were the dialects in which " oe" and " oui" respec- tively were the affirmatives. Thc French have preserved tte Him at om dialect a« theh* wwp, «nd tte af tUe otter wt their madero speeoh, i - .., Some of the aborigines I met At Bulgora, speak « Kogai" ox « Kogurte" (that isl " Ko speech'") toe lan; guage spoken on the Maranoa and over o large extent, of country westward of the Condamine. _ - Kogai bears very little resemblance to either of the dialects with which I am acquainted ; yet there are con- necting points. The pronouns "ngaia, nginda" (I, thou) ore the sanie in Kogai as in Kamilaroi : and the mode of forming the feminine of names, by adding un or- gun ? (answering-to-our- ss-andessin- princess-and authoress) is the same in Kogai as in the Brisbane language. * 1 ""_ f .The river which higher up bears the name"Conda ;mine" (in 'honour;of M. de la Condamine, aidTde-camp 'of Governor Darling) retains .here tho native ' name ¡"Balun" (Baloöh). From Surat down to Kui . (100 ¡miles) it zs a fine broad stream, abounding in fish, "one; species of which (cod) frequently attains to 10 lbs. .weight. ..' '"-,'..' ? i The pasture about it is luxuriant; some of the trees large and-:shady-; *and-numerbus hirds of brilliant plumage,\ some with melody of song, contribute to the, gratification of the traveUor. - , Below Kui the channel of the river is dimmished, and 120 miles below Surat it divides, the Culgoa leading off to the south-west, and not far down the other branch again divides into three, the Narran, Bokhara, and 'Balandoon; and the four channels, except in flood time, convey no stream to the Barwan, to whose deeper bed they lead. . The Narran, the principal of the four, is lost in a swamp. ' ' . . On the 20th August, I crossed the Culgoa,_ and went about ten miles below it to the lowest station on the1 'Balun, Karawildai. Between Bulgora and : Karawildai, .that is in 50 miles, 1 met with about 100, aborigines, iïiarge assemblies of'them are frequently seen on this river; but I did riot¡fall in with more than 40 together. IMost of those I met understood Kamilaroi; a few who, ¡had come in lately from the westward knew only Kogai: one who spoke both these languages gave mo a list of iKogaiwords. ' ' " - . . , . No minister of the Gospel had ever before visited the colonists scattered along the last 200 miles of this river, i which has now been occupied nine years. _ _ ;1 It is true there are but four or five families, and por ;haps not more thon sixty white people altogether along that line of 200 miles; and no one seems settled there for lifo ; though some have found that when thoy went down the Condamine it was to spend there the re- mainder of life ; .but surely some effort should be made by thosewhb enjoy the privilego of regular religious' instructions and ordinances, to secure the occasional sounding of the gospel trumpet to tho scattered popula- tion of fellow-colonists all along the western boundary of our colony. There is a very large extent of country which squatting entorprizo has for years occupied, but to which Christian zeal has not yet sent out messengers of . the glad tidings. \ I mnst say that I was received at every station on the Balun with kind hospitality, and heard with respectful attention. . On this river the effect upon the aborigines of the occupation by Europeans of the country,* was forcibly presented.' Before the occupation of this district by . oolonists, the aborigines could nover hine bean at a loss for tho necessaries of life. Except in the lowest part of the river, there is water in the driest seasons ; along the banks game abounded ; waterfowl, emus, parrot tribes, kangaroos and'.other ' animals might always, er almost ' always/be found. And if, at any time, these failed to supply food for the human tribe, the fish furnished a sure resource. But when the country was taken up, and herds'of cattle introduced; not enly did tho cattle drive away the kangaroos, but those who had charge of the cattle found it necessary to keep the aborigines away from the rivor.'ás their appearance frightened the cattle in all directions. In fact, it is 'said that while troops of aborigines roam ; about the runs, and especially if they go to the cattle camps and watering places, it is impossi- ble to keep a herd together. After some fatal conflicts, in which some colonists and many aborigines have been slain, the blacks have been awed into submission to the orders which forbid their access to the river. And what is tho consequence ? Blackfellows coming in from the west, report that last summer very large num- bers, afraid to visit the river, were crowded round a few scanty waterholes, within a day's walk of which it was impossible to get sufficient food ; that during the hottest weather the groat red ants in that dry locality wore so formidable that neither men nor even opossums could rost night or day except for an hour or so at noon ; that owing to these combined hardships many died. This is only blackfellows' report : but when we know that people have been cut off from four-fifths of their usual supply of food, and reduced to a scanty supply of bad water, is it an incredible report, that sickness and death have fallen upon them ? As might be expected, partly from the pressure of real want, and partly, it may be, out of anger at the inter- ference of the white man with their prosperity, they skulk abolit spearing cattle. . : How can such a sad state of things bo prevented? The squatter has a license from the Crown to occupy the country with his cattle ; and unless his cattle aro secure from the visits of blacks they will not stay on tho run. He argues thus : tho license entitles me to make sure of the ben'efit to be derived from depasturing tho run ; and the run is useless while hincks roam over it ; BO that ' the license, if worth anything, includes tho right to order thom away." The question then arises, whether it is not the duty of the Government, on assuming the owner ship of the land, by granting licenses to occupy it, to see that the human beings who have been wont to get their living off the land thus taken up, have at least a supply of food provided for them equal to that of which they are deprived by the introduction of the licenso holder ? To those blacks who volunteer to become servants to the occupiers of tho stations, liberal supplies of food and clothes are generally given. But where they are as ' numerous as they aro on the Balun it is impossible tor more than a small proportion of . them to bo so employed: and who'ther thoy become servants to tho colonists or. not, surely ' the tribes who are deprived'of their chief means of subsistence have a " fight to some compensation from the Governmènt which takes to "itself the responsibility of owning tho land, und lets it to others for purposes in- consistent with their accustomed free occupation of it. . . 31st August.-I left tho Balun, and. came over a dry country (30 miles) to tho Mooni creek, at a spot called Indu gully. Thence proceeded down the creek to the Barwan Rivor, and nearly 100 milos'down tho Barwan to the junction of tho Namoi. Between the point at which I reached , the Mooni, and tho junction of the Namoi, I visited eighteen stations, at all of which I found a few resident blacks, at several as many, as eight or twelve.. All these speak " Kamilaroi" as their native tongue ; and consequently understood me more readily than the Uolaroi tribes on the Balun. " One poor fellow on tho Mooni addressed me in a long and pathetic harangue on the wrongs which' his people have suffered at the hands of the white men ; and urged upon me, as I had been telling the blackfellows not to do evil, to go round and. tell the white men not to wrong tho blacks, especially not to take away thoir gins. "When I came near the junction of the Mooni with the River Barwan, at a station called Gundabului, I met two or three other blacks who had seen and heard me on the Barwan in' 'May, 1851. They remembered me, though I did not recognise them; and having heard of my coming a few hours before I arrived they asked the squatter--who had brought them on horseback to aid him in a muster ef cattle, and who wa3 sending out to a distanco to watch a herd-to allow , them to stay and hear me; they afterwards brought eight or nine others with them into the room where I was, that they might all hear me' speak in Kamilaroi. And in their own tongue I delivered to them this " faithful saying, worthy of all acceptation, that Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners." After travelling 700 miles on ground quite new to mc, and having to struggle with the shyness .of aborigines te'whom I was a stranger,-this recognition and willing audience gave me much pleasure. And in my way down the Barwan I found at every station the advantage of old acquaintance. The Kamilaroi spelling- books with pictures of kangaroos, &c;, which I. distributed were ap- parently -much prized ; more than one of these blacks being already well acquainted with the English alphabet. At Burndtha, on the Barwan, I met a company of 40 blacks engaged in a ceremony in which amusement was combined with some mystical purpose. A chorus of 20, old and young, were singing and beating time with boomerangs. Though the words and notes of their song are few, six or eight words with three or four varia- tions of'the same number of notes being repeated for hours, they observe very correct time and harmony. There were a dozen more looking on. Suddenly, from under a sheet of bark darted a man with his body whitened by pipeclay, his head and face coloured with lines of red and yellow, and a tuft of feathers fixed by means of a stick two feet above the crown of his head. He stood twenty minutes perfectly still, gazing upwards. An aboriginal who stood by told me he was looking for the ghosts of dead men. At last he began to move very slowly, and soon rushed to and fro at full speed, flou- rishing a branch as if to drive away some foes invisible to us. When I thought his pantomime must be almost over, ten more, similarly adorned, suddenly appeared from behind the trees, and the whole party joined in a brisk eoMUót «¡th their mytteriaus assailants, The music waxed louder as, now and then, the actors came stamping up to the choir; and at last, after some rapid evolutions. in which they put forth ail their strength, they rested from the exciting toil which tiley had kept up all night and for some hourä after sunrise; they'seemed satisfied that tho ghosts were driven away for twelve months. "They were performing the same ceremony at every sta- tion along the river ; and I am told it is an annual cus- tom. -"- When their excitementhad somewhat subsided, I went round to the several groups,;to tell them of the only True Deliverer from evil demons,, and from " sin, the source of mortal woe." . .. , September ll.'.Xeft the Barwan, and came up Telaba Creek to Oreel; thence by Paian Creek to .the Namoi River at Buckelbone. . The remainder of the month I spent on the Namoi,-where I had rnany favourable oppor. tunities pf addressing both colonists and aborigines on the all-important topic; of salvation. _'?? ,-»... Though the number of aborigines *is very, much reduced- ,' since the Ï occupation .of this district by colonists, sixteen years ago,,there are still a fe w at almost 'every station ;' and "as there are two or three'stations within every-ten miles, the aggregate, along 200 miles of the river, is considerable. The Namoi blacks are useful,'and even indispensable members of society : without their services in stock keeping and shepherding, and especially at sheepshearing .time, the business of this district could hardly be carried on. In my way up the: Namoi, I met a blackfellow from' the Barwan, who had several times heard me speak of religion"; who, asl was passing, followed me out of hearing of his companions, and then told mo that a white man on the Barwan' had taken away his wife. He asked me to write and threaten the offender that I would send tho constables after him if he'did not restore her ; abd added, as if this seemed to him the most powerful argument " you'.tell him the great Master in heaven is very angry with him about it." October 1st. Went from tho Namoi up one. of its tributaries, the Muklcoi. The few blaoks who are left in this locality speak TJolaroiaud Kamilaroi liko those on the Balun. From the plains at the head of the Mukkai, I went over the great dividing range to Murrurundi. This is the first name occurring 'in this journal since Warwick that indicates' anything more' than' a single station. The aborigines have given names to every turn of the rivers, every hillock and gully; so that wherever a houso is built the spot is found to have some distinct name. ' «" In church at Murrurundi, on the Sabbath, I observed an aboriginal who regularly attends on the ministry of tho Rev. A. Black, and has attained to some understand- ing of Christian doctrine. This man's native tongue is Kamilaroi, and he furnished me with a very important and satisfactory confirmation of a phrase I had employed. One of the most important próblems ' I had to solve in conveying the elements of truth to tho aborigines was, how to describe sin. After much thought I adopted for this purposo these words : " ngeane kanungo warawara yanani, ngeane kanunga kagil gingi" (literally, wo all . crookod have gone, we all bad are become.) When I repeated these words to the aboriginal at Murrurundi, and asked him to tell my friend what they meant in English, he replied at once " we all have sinned." From Murrurundi I returned northward to the Peel River, and followed that river to the Namoi. Leaving the Namoi at Gulligal, I proceeded over a mountain range northward to Lindsay, on tho head of the Gwydir, where I arrived on the 10th October. F. T. Rasden, Esq., of Lindsay, has twenty aborigines regularly employed on his. run, some of them engaged by written agreements. Ho spoke in high-terms of their trustworthiness and usefulness. Mr. Rusden showed me one of my printed Kamilaroi tracts, which he had read to the blacks, and interlined with note3 of varia- tions in dialect. He said the aborigines understood tho scripture, narratives, and listened with interest to them. Some years ago, a man in Mr. Rusden's service hav- ing lost his way in tho bush, was found by blacks, half dead with hunger and fatigue ; and when they had fed and nursed him till he was strong again, they brought him to his master. I came down the Gwydir to the Bundarra ; and over that river to Warialda. The aborigines I found at Warialda, twelve in number, speak Kamilaroi as well as Uolaroi; but they wero the last I met.who spoke to mo in tho former language. A day's" journey northward from Warialda, I found blacks speaking Yukumba; and on the Macintyre, 70 miles from Warialda, Pikumbul is the prevailing language. On tho 27th, I reached Calandoon, on the Macintyre, the upper part of. tho Barwon. A fortnight before 300 blacks had been assembled here, chiefly natives'of Balun and Mooni. . They had gone away westward again, and though I followed them 30 miles, I could not come up «with themi I spoke with about 10, who are constant inhabitants of Calandoon. They could understand a good deal of my Kamilaroi fas thoy proved by translating it into English), but I could not understand their Pikumbul. . The Pikumbul blacks were, for some years, tho most determined and troublesome foes the colonists have mot in this country. And though now on friendly terms with tho white people, and useful in the business of the stations, they are more ferocious in their fights ono .with another, than most of the aborigines-stabbing and maiming, nnd even fatal.wounds ore frequent results of .their quarrels. The features of these blacks are sharper, thoir expression moro cunning, and their bodies more slender than others. On Sabbath (28th) while I was preaching to the owners of tho station and their men, the blacks assembled in the verandah to hear ; and having seen their ." masters" listening to me, we're afterwards much moro attentive when I tried to make thom understand, in Kamilaroi, the import of my message. Thence I came up the Weir, a tributary; of the ;Macintyre ; at four stations thereon, I met with forty blacks ; all speak Pikumbul, and know something of Kamilaroi. . From the hoad of tho Weir, I again crossed tho Downs by Yandilla, where I found nearly a dozen blacks who speak Paiamba, a dialect containing a few words like those of the Brisbane tribes, but which was for tho most part quito strange to me. After leaving Yandilla, I met hut very few aborigines on the way by Drayton and Ipswich to Brisbane, which I reached on the 13th November. Thanks and praises be to Him whoso goodness and morey have followed me throughout this long journey. * Since leaving Brisbnne, 21 July, I have travelled in all 1850 miles ; and for 1000 miles of that distance I was among aborigines who understand Kamilaroi ; which is also tho language of the Hunter River blacks for 70 or 80 miles below Murrurundi, arid is (I am told) spoken at several places between the junction of the Namoi (where I turned eastward) and tho Murrumbidgee, 300 miles south. Between Surat' on the Balun, and Walzett on the Barwan, a" little more than 200 niles, a missionary would (I believe) meet in the course of a few months about a thousand aboriginos ; and would, besides, have an opportunity of preaching tho Gospel to 'seventy or ?eis-hty colonists who aro beyond the labours of settled, ministers ; so that he would occupy an important field of labour.. Beginning with Kamilaroi, which is spoken all along that line, he might soon acquire from soma of the .Balun blacks, the Kogai dialect, spoken by many hundreds to the westward'of the Balun. Again, along the course of the Namoi, in 250 miles one would find over a hundred aborigines all*speaking Kamilaroi, engaged in the service of the colonists, and more accessible to instruc- tion than those further west. A missionary on this line would also be able to preach to nearly 200 colonists. Also at Calandoon, on tho Macintyre, and for CO miles along that river and 80 miles up the Weir, some hundreds of Pikumbul-speaking blacks may be met with; and in that district a missionary would be welcomed ns a preacher of the Gospel by many colonists. So that if men suited to the work, and the necessary resources were forthcoming,, there are three positions which present^ - themselves . as favourable for missionary entcrprizo. Throughout the wholo of my journey I have received»' as a traveller, lund hospitality : and, as a ministen courteous attention. Even those colonists who doubt the possibility of doing any good to the aborigines, express a desire for frequent visits of ministers to them- selves and their countrymen. It gave me great pleasure to meet on the Downs a missionary sent out by the Colonial Church and School Society, whose evangelic labours among a widely scattered people wiU, I trust,' prove abundantly effective." On comparing the field for missionary labour to which this report refers, namely, the country west of the divid- ing range, with the coast, it is to be observed that the ' aborigines are in much larger numbers along the coast ; but their languages are spoken over a very much less extent than those of the interior. The coast blacks also are in goneraUy more ferocious than those of the interior. A missionary can itinerate with much more safety, and find moro ready access to the aborigines in the interior; but if once a stationary mission could be established near the coast, itVould,«"on account of (the numbers located within a comparatively short distance, "be a more favour- able position thou a station in the interior. NOTE os THE TRADITIONS OF THE ABORIGINES. Whenever 1 have conversed with the aborigines, I find they have definite traditions concerning supernatural beings. On the Barwan and Namoi, they say there is one Being y\w wade aU things wtouro, thfJ1 never saw, (hough they hea,r hw voice in thunder, . They speak, «f him hy th» «ame "Baiarae j « «nd those whq have learnt that« God" ist Ute wme hy which we »peal; of tho Creator, say that * Baiame is God,'' Some of them say that Baiame formerly appeared to their fathers ; and a white man assured me that the blacks had told him of laws given by Baiame to their forefathers. But I never heard them speak of Boiáme as a ruler, nor ascribe wisdom and goodness to Him. They also believe in the existence bf many demons, of whom Tnrramullun is the chief. " They say that Turramullun is the_ author of disease and of medical skill, of mischief and of wisdom also ; that he appears in the form of a serpent at their great assemblies. . It is remarkable that they have everywhere applied 'ia white men the word originally meaning " ghost" or supernatural being. At Moreton Bay " makoron" is ghost, demon, or white fellow. ; a little way from here " magui" boars these meanings ;: and on the Barwon and Namoi " wunda" stands for the same. There is in all parts of the: country a traditional system of initiation into the rank of manhood. Young men are not allowed to eat certain . food, nor exercise other privileges, until they have passed through a series of boras. The bora is a. great assembly, from which women and foreigners are excluded. From the aversion the aborigines have to tho intrusion of white men it is difficult to know all that passes there. In some parts of the. country the candidates for initiation have a front to'oth knocked out. While attending a seriesbf "boras, threo.being usually required, the young men are bound to fasting and silence. Even aborigines who have'been accustomed to associate with white men, and earning wages by regular service, retain a strong attachment to this hereditary custom, and when a bora is to be held in which their tribe is concerned, nothing can restrain them from attending it ; nor, dare youths .who have until they arrived at the age of manhood been under the chosen direction of white men, neglect the mysterious rites through which their fathers passed. 