i MIWAL OF TUB BIGHT BBVBIIBND THJ5 ' A,"UY ¿OIID BISHOP OF BÏDMY. j Tho Right Reverend Frederick Barker, D.D., (Lb recently-appointed successor of tho late Dr. Tlrottirbton in Bishop of Sydney «nd Metropolitan nf Australia, arrived yesterday morning by tlio ?tcamsbin Telegraph, from Melbourne, winch latter Slr bis lordship readied on the 18th instant, by thSsbin Mermaid, from Liverpool. As soon as tho Bishop's arrivai in Sydney became known, a depu- tion of tho clergy and laity of tbe Church of Fnelnnd waited u|ton his lordslup, and at Iiult-post tiro p.m. » number of the ministers and several momWs of d'0 Diocesan Committee, together with iiumerous foy members of tho Church, mot in tho loliool hall ot St. Andrew's, whero, after prayer had been offered up, tho following address to bis lord- ship wss read by the Venorablo Archdeacon Cowper i nv, tho Ittalit noveronil Vruderlok, by Divino permission, "Bishop cf Sydney and Metropolitan, nf/iv lt nleasu your J<ordnlil|> Wu tlio uudcrsigncd archdeacon, clergy, and lally of fte atara of Sydney, bog luuvu most unriiustly and räpootfully to congratulât» your lotdsbtp ou your Tko'long period which Ima elapsed slnco th« ducoase of »ur lat» revered Metrópoli'"" "Ishop Jlroughton, han hnuvht vividly buf»ru tho Church tho avlis which arlR« from thu want of tho episcopate, and hus caused us to look forward with much anxiety tor your presoueo *^t would-be unbecoming in us to do moro than expros» our appreciation of "io gratifying tu,thuony which lias hien Hvcn t<> the worth or your ministerial character »nd labours by those who had long contluuml opportu- nities of observing them. Wo have, therefore, only to assure your lordship that lt will be our constant desire to co-oporato willi you, cooli if us according to our ability, ia our noctul stations, in tlio muny Important works that will devolve upon you tn tis discharge of tho dirties or that higher oflleu to willoh lathe iirovidcnco of Ood you have been called. We earnestly pray thal, by the Divine blessing upon tour endeavours, you may bo tho honoured instrument offurthoring tho Uospc! of Christ by drawing tho hearts of Ills iicoplo together Into godly union and concord, to tho edifying of lils Church in faith and charity, and to tbs incmiiu of puru ruligleu und uiidrfllcd, In all purls of this cxtouslvo province. To this Address bis Lordship was pleased to make tho accompanying reply : Mr Archdeacon, ray llrothren of thu Clergy and of th« Laity-1 thank you most cordially and sincerely for tho very kind utaiu.ur In which you huvo mot aud welcomed mo upon my arrlvnl amongst you. The pocnliav circumstances of this dl«coso make me deeply uuxloiis that 1 should he sustained lu thu aduil nlstratlon of Its ufhilri by thu prayers and united efforts of tho members of our beloved Church ¡ und X trust that Ho who has called mo forth to this work, and has guided my slcps hi saruty hither, will be with us to bless Ul, aud to iii ikii us a blessing. I cull truly say that us 1 como (Imply because I aui sent, so uiy only dusiro Is to promote the glory of Uod lu thu furtherance of the Oos {wi of our lioril and Saviour Jesus chrlBt. The evils of which you spuuk us arlslug from thu long Tftcaney of the See siuco tho death, of uiy oxcellontnnU ttvored predecessor, 1 shall, under tho Divine blessing, endeavour to remove J bull feel that I huve much ueud locast inysulf upou your kindness, your sympathy, aud, above ali, your prayers-ihut thu spirit of wisdom, of love, and of n sound mind, muy bu given to me. I am thankful to fuel Unit I do not como amongst you as an entire stranger. With oue of the clergy af thlidiocosu 1 had the gratification of forming a friend, ship subsequently to uiy appointment ; and, In a city connected with that great commercial emporium In which 1 laboured for many yours, there will probably bu louie who have kiiuwu uiy ministry und manner of life, j pray Uod that thu anticipations you have funned con- cerning mo may not bo disappointed, and that I may ho found by experience, to bu such aa your desires and .ipectatluus have Imagined that X might bu-a promoter of godly union uud concord-n preacher of the Word lu truth and righteousness-and un ensutiiplu of thu (lock of Ood. I thank you much, roy brethren of tho lulty, for unit Inj with diu clergy lu thu grateful assurance of jour ee-operatlou willi me in the woru which is before mu. humanly speaking, tho success of my mission dupends upon this union nf fueling uud usslstuncu. Much neall tobe done, und If, with uuu heurt and on« mind, wu are found striving together for tho faith of thu Ouspul, much, Umlor tlioftlvliio blessing, xbill be done. If each member of our Church, In lils vocation and ailnistry, does truly uud godly servo our heavenly Mus tir, wo cannot full to bring down u largo blessing upon this molt interesting and Important portion of thu world, 1 take Ibis opportunity of uxprcsslug my obligations to the Venerable Archdeacon, for his kindness lu discharg- ing the duties of the Bishop's Commissary, onerous us tin y must have been when added to his own. lam not at prosent in a position to mnko arrange- ments fur seeing such of ruy bietbren of thu clergy us detlre te consult me ; I hope, speedily, to bo ablo to give to all of you thc opportunity of upouking with mu, und shall thankfully recclro the suggestion which thu long experience of caine amongst you will enable you to make. Ja conclusion, I pray, that as my arrival is nearly .olncldent with our Church's colebrutlon of thu Descent of the Hely Ghost on thu day or I'cntecost, It may pleats Hie great Head of the Church to qulckuu our prayers tor the uiflueuccs of thu Holy Spirit, und lo auswer them by an abundant autpoiiriug of His manifold gifts of grace -that to pastors und peoplu, tba choice blessings or au lacreare nf fuith, hope, and charity, muy bo richly Vouchsafed. Various ministers of religion, as also tho majority of the persons present, wero subsequently intro- duced to his lordship by tho venerable Archdeacon ; ind the Rev. 0. King (incumbent of St. Andrew's;, haring proaounccd tho Benediction, tito assembly Uprated. The personnel of tho now Bishop differs very materially from that of his deceased predecessor. Dr. Balker is _ apparently upwards of six feet in height, proportionately made, with an open, bene- volent expression of countenance, und dark brown nair. Judging from appearance, be is about forty four or forty-five years of age, and lins a clear, well-modulated voice, and u culm, collected manner in delivery. His Lordship is accompanied by big chaplain, tho Bev. Il, Synge, M.A., and tho Rev. Hr. Roberts, of Matlock. LARCENIES - On Wednesday last, a small anvil, value £2, was stolon from the back yard of tho Red Bull, public-bouse, belonging to Mr. Cardwell On Wednesday night, twelve iron wedges and three round iron bars wero stolen from the premises of Mr. McDermot, in Clareuce-sti cot. KoonEKr.-Yesterday afternoon, a fourteen day clock, value £2, was stolen from insido tho shop of Mr. Gilbert Wrtslit, wutoh and clock-ninkcr, of Church- hill. By the vigilance of tho police, it was subscmittitly traced to tho pawn- shop of Mr. Molloy, on Brickiield-ltill, where it lind been ta ued ty " rn""' Wl'D "0t >0t 1)0011 *WT0" AUCTION SALB.-An error occurred in out '"struct of salea in yesterday's issue, relative to Mr, J. 1. Staffs salo of lutisehold furniture, at Govern-, ment house, Parramatta. Tho salo will take place on June 1st nt ll o'clock, as stated in our wvertlsmg columns. 