ATTEMPTS TO " GAG " THE PRESS. The Register, with its large and heterogeneous proprietary, seem bent upon crushing us, that is, if they can. The only reason we can assign for this is, that, since the assumption of the proprietorship of this journal by Mr James Allen, who first started it as a weekly journal, and then raised it to a daily one and sold it, it has been put under different management, and been made to speak a different language, to what it did during Mr Allen's absence from it. The effect has been, that of lowering the Register in public estima tion, and of bringing to the Times an accession of public favour. This is so notorious, and the change has been so suddenly effected, that our contemporary is getting day by day increasingly alarmed at it. With regard to the editorship of the Times, the public know litt1 e, and cares less. If we produce a good article, they come and buy it, just as they would buy anything else at any other shop, and that is all they want. But as an attempt has been made, for party political purposes, to con found the proprietorship with the editorship of this journal, we beg, once for all, most distinctly and emphatically to state, that, although Mr Allen is its sole and exclusive proprietor, he neither is, nor has he ever avowed himself, its editor. We do not deny, that he is as large a contributor as his other multifarious avocations, in the general superintendence of so large and weighty a busi ness, will allow ; or that we sometimes profit by ' the assistance and advice, which his long career of home and colonial journalism enables him to afford; but the editorial responsibility of the Times rests in other hands, to which he has con fided it. We state this, with the view of clearing the way to a bringing forward of one of the meanest, most contemptible, and dastardly pieces of con duct, on the part of the Register, towards the proprietor of this journal, of which any rival establishment, in any part of the world, wishing to be thought respectable, could ever have been guilty. On Me. Allen's resumption of the proprietorship of this journal, the Register pooh-pooh-ed at it, as immeasurably behind them. A few weeks passed by, and we had occasion, for some of their editorial mis deeds, to collar and shake them. Still we were too unimportant to attract their august notice, except in the way of a sneaking evasive allusion, by some more sneaking and evasive correspon dent, evidently one of their own staff, exhorting them not to heed us. To have introduced the name of the limes into their leading columns would have been a gross breach of their editorial diplomacy, and a deadly sin against their heter ogeneous proprietary. At length, the election for We3t Adelaide came on, and Mr Forster, the commercial and editorial Manager of the Register, stood forth as a candidate. Ilis can vassers had previously applied to Mr Allen to sign a requisition to him, which he, at first, took time to consider, and which, a day or two after wards, he peremptorily declined, on purely politi cal grounds. Out came a flaming placard from the Register office the same evening, posting up the proprietor of this journal, under a soubriquet, which they had neither the wit to invent, nor the sense to see was borrowed from Dickens, and had become too stale for repetition, as a candidate for Kangaroo Island ; but, as if j alarmed at what they had done, and at the pro bable consequences to themselves, they absolutely arose before break of day, and tore down their handiwork of the previous night, so that there was not a vestige of one to be seen adorning the walls of the city at business hours that morning. This would have been fair and legiti mate enough, if Mr Allen had busied himself, either about the West Adelaide or any other election, but.in the utter absence of this, it was a piece of gross impertinence, both on the part of | Mr Forster, and those of his friends, to whom he had conceded the use of the Registers types. The plot now began to thicken. The Times was rapidly rising in public favour, and the Register descending in an equal ratio. Still the ban of exclusion from notice in their leading columns to all and sundry of our observations must be persevered in. It would never do to let their readers know that there was such a newspaper as the Times in existence, except, in so far, as that it was beneath their notice. But it was outstepping all bounds, throwing down all land marks, disregarding all obstruc tions cast up in its way, forcing itself into notice, whether they would allow it or not, and something must be done to fortify themselves in their imaginary notion of a monopoly of public approbation and support. They had tried pooh-pooh-ing, and it had failed. At the bare thought of our discovering the hand they had had in the sudden placarding and equally sudden destruction of the dismal Kangaroo Island placards, they grew pale as ghosts. But their reporting columns were still open, and Mr Forster, their editorial and commercial Manager, must essay a general spouting tour against us, at the different public-houses in the district—now, at the Prince Albert Hotel, the Windsor Castle, and other places of public resort—in which he could conveniently confound the Proprietor with the Editor of the Times, and thus, by the aid of the whole of his reporting staff, put an extinguisher upon us. But, unhappily for the success of this scheme, their editorial and commercial Manager, was over-crammed, and has been obliged to dis gorge. There was no help for it now, and their leading columns were opened, with an article headed " the Press and the Public," written in a most lachrymose, and " Pity the sorrows of a poor-old-man" strain, but with a careful suppres sion of the name of the journal, from the tender mercies of which they sought immediate protec tion and aid, In too great haste to wait for the effect of this appeal, and not regarding the old adage, which says, that " they who play with edged-tools are likely to cut their fingers," they descended to the " artful dodge" yesterday of j circulating, to the disadvantage of the Proprietor of this journal, we presume, they supposed, about 3000 copies of a small hand bill, of which the following is a reprint:— " ANY POST UNDER ANY GOVERNMENT." Those who admire political independence and con sistency, whether in Members of the Legislature or in Conductors of the Public Press, will be highly grati fied by perusing the following exquisite production, which speaks for itself too plainly to require com ment :— " 5, James-terrace, St. Ann's-road, Brixton, " January 12th, 1847. "Dear Sir—I stated to you yesterday my intentions of renewing my application to Earl Grey for a Govern ment appointment in South Australia, and shall feel obliged by your favouring me with a line, stating what you know of my services in behalf of the colony, and haw far you may think me deserving of any appoint ment. " In making this application, I do not wish you to compromise yourself in any way by referring to any particular appointment, but simply wish you to state what you think of my general abilities, and of my capability of serving any Government by which I might be employed. A reference to my position in the colony as largely engaged in business might perhaps be useful. If you could, let me have such a line in the course of to-morrow or Thursday, it might perhaps be of great service to me, and I shall be infinitely obliged. I expect daily to hear again from Earl Grey. " Yours very trulv, " JAS. ALLEN. "F. S. Dutton, Esq., Lower Brook-street, " Grosvenor-square." What a pity it is that tliey did not get Mr Dutton's reply to this, Mr Allen's application to Earl Grey, Sir George Grey's reply to Mr Allen under Earl Grey's direction, informing him, that his Lordship appreciated his labours in England on behalf of South Australia, and that he should be put upon the list at the Colonial Office, and Mr Allen's polite reply, informing Earl Grey, that he appreciated his lordship's good intcn tentions, but that he understood too much of j Colonial Office routine, to rest upon such a broken reed, and begging his Lordship to erase his name from the list. All this they could have had and more, we have no doubt, had they ap plied to Mr Alien for them, and then what a hash they could have cooked up, not only against the proprietor of the Times, but against the Editor of the Times, and what is more, against the Times itself, and all who support it. It is a mortal offence, truly, for any gentleman, having time on his hands, and needing employ ment, to seek it in a quarter, in which he thinks himself most likely to obtain it. But, before we close, let us look to the motives for the publication of this letter, and to the way in which Mr Forster and his friends obtained it. If we are correctly informed—and we state it 011 the authority of one Joseph Grave, who con fessed the matter to Mr Allen himself, with a humiliating expression of his deep regret—this Joseph Grave, who has since robbed his master of £300 and upwards, and is now lying hi her Majesty's Gaol, at Adelaide, under sentence of eighteen months' imprisonment, with hard labour, pilfered this letter from Mr Dutton's private portfolio, at the general elections of 1851, and absolutely published it, under the notion of serving Mr Dutton and damaging Mr Allen, who was then, as now, the proprietor of this journal. Not thinking it worth notice then — and the public generally, in the absence of the more certain in formation given above, denouncing the publi cation of this letter as a gross breach of confi dence on the part of Mr Dutton—which must, of course, be now withdrawn—Mr Allen neither replied to it, nor sought to arrest the damaging effects it was producing on those supposed to have had a hand in its publication. But what has this to do with the Register, and the repub lication of this letter at the Register printing establishment, by Mr Forster and his quasi* electioneering friends ? Why, they have claimed the stolen goods, and, having used them as one of their party wea pons, against a gentleman, Avho has neither assailed them, nor publicly interfered in any of the elections now proceeding, they have become participators in the theft, the receivers of stolen property, the proprietors of a disreputable " fence." How they are to escape, or even at tempt so escape, from this broad charge, we leave it to themselves to show. To put all else, of which they boast so much, out of the question, it is a breach of all the ordinary rules of morality. But the idiotic folly of the thing surpasses even its want of good morals. Could they ever have supposed, that the Times was to be " gagged " after this fashion ? What a weapon,-with which to face an encroaching antagonist ! It is as bad as Dame Partington's attempt to'keep out the Atlantic with her mop. The proprietary had better disband their whole staff, and try it under another system of management. Not one of their present hands can perpetrate a joke, or appreciate one, when by chance they meet with it. They are consequently reduced to the ne cessity of copying the jokes of others, which, even in better hands, had proved contemptible failures, and at the-reproduction of -which, even an electioneering meeting would now " hiss." They have tried all round the compass—the pooh-pooh-ing scheme—the placarding dodge— firing at us from behind public house platforms —going the whole hog at us with their reporting staff—the half-submissive and lialf-deprecating tones of their heavy leading columns—but find all these ineffectual—utterly destitute of power to arrest our onward progress—they have now, as a dernier resort, descended—pardon us the allusion—to the Dr Eady system of posting boys at the corners of llie streets, to slip into the hands of the passers by, bits of printed paper, at the publication of which, as the purloiners of " other men's stuff," they ought to blush—and there we must leave them—for the present at least. In conclusion, we wish them to understand, what they appear, from their unseemly conduct towards this journal, to have forgotten,, that the contest now raging in West Adelaide is not Forster against Allen, or the Times against the Register, but Fisher against Forster, and we humbly hope we may be quietly allowed to plead the cause of Fisher in preference to Forster, without any further intimidation, or attempts to "gag" us, by the stern, unflinching, and uncom promising advocates of the Ballot. 