LONDON PUMP WATER. {From the Medical Times) The wells of London appear to have been one of the means by which either the cholera has been propagated, or the constitutions of its victims have been prepared for its reception. This has been remarkably brought out by the late severe outbreak in the Golden-square district-one of the most fatal visitations of epidemic desease which has over occurred in this metropolis, Broad-street is in the very centre of the infected district, and there is scarcely a house in the street which has not lost an inmate from cholera. In this street is a pump very much frequented ; and it is a curious fact, that the mortality extended only just so far as the residences of people who send to this pump for water, and then abruptly terminated. Dr. Snow, as our readers will remember, took a list of the deaths from cholera reported in the sub-dis- tricts round this spot daring the week ending September 2. He then made personal inquiry In the houses of the deceased persons, and found that in nearly every instance they were in the habit of drinking water from the pump in Broad-street. In seventy cases he learned that the water from this pump was constantly or oc- casionally drunk by the deceased persons. In several cases where the deceased lived nearer to some other pump, they had sent to Broad- street for the water, as they preferred it. The deaths in the district in houses where the water had not been lately used only amounted to six-a number so small as not to exceed the average of other healthy districts. These are startling facts, but they are not surprising to those who have studied the pecu- liarities of London pump water. In one of the admirable reports of Mr. Simon, the City Officer of Health, he showed that every spring in this metropolis represents the drainage of a certain surface or thickness of neighbouring soil, and that the quality of the water in the spring varies with the nature of the gathering ground. The water of one celebrated City pump, which sucks from beneath a churchyard, contains 90 grains of solid matter in every gallon of its waters The grateful coolness of the water, which has made the pump so popular, is due to the nitre developed during the chemical transformation of the human remains in the coffins of the church yard. So long as the ground remains undis- turbed, and these saline ingredients pass into the water, thoroughly filtered through the gravel after all putrefaction has ceased, the water is wholesome. But let the soil be disturbed, let it become fissured, if its thickness be not great, then foul or putrescent organic matter passes with the water, and poisons those who drink it. All who drink water from a London pump run this risk. The soil around the springs is filled with sewers, graveyards, gaspipes, drains, or cesspools. The soil is disturbed to make a foundation for anew building, some drain or cesspool bursts, and the glass of water which yesterday was pure, to day is poison. Now there is a large sewer which passes down Broad-street, 23 feet below the surface. The pump well is only four or five yards from the sewer. It is 28 feet deep, but the water rises to within 12 or 14 feet of the surface, when not lowered by pumping. The soil around is very fine gravel. The water contains a great deal of impure matter, and it is very clear that the im- purity must have been derived from the sewer. As it is in Broad-street, so it is elsewhere. The shallow wells are supplied by drains and cess- pools. The filtration through gravel purifies the water at times, at other times it does not Whenever a street pump is repaired a thick black sediment is found at the bottom Medical men should impress all this upon their London patients ; and when they find cholera or typhus, or any desease unusually rife in their neighbour- hood, let them look to the purity of the water. It is fortunate that every one has it in his power to drink pure water in his own house. All he has to do is to filter it through sand and char- coal, and a little ingenuity will enable any one to make such a filter for himself at a very trifling cost. We may adopt these precautions individually ; but should not cease to strive the less earnestly for the day which will see a constant supply of really pure water afforded to every house in London, and the foul Thames converted into a clear pellucid stream. A LINCOLNSHIRE MAGISTRATE IN 1780. As Sir Francis Whichcote was dressing one morning, he perceived the under-groom making very free with his wall fruit. When break- fast was finished, he wrote a note addressed to the keeper of the House of Correction at Folk ingharo, which he ordered the culprit to take without delay. The note contained the follow- ing words :-" Give the bearer a dozen lashes ; he will guess the reason." This he signed with his initials. " Whether the offender was con- science-smitten, or, what is still more probable, took advantage of the wet wafer to acquaint himself with the contents, I know not ; but he bribed a helper in the stable, by the promise of a pot of beer and the loan of a horse, to take it for him. The governor, after reading the note, ordered the bearer to be tied up, and the direc- tions were scrupulously obeyed, to the conster- nation of the poor fellow, who had no idea why he was thus treated until his return, when his account of what had taken place caused much merriment in the stable-yard. The tale very soon came to the ears of the baronet, who laughed very heartily, and took no other notice of it than fining the delinquent half-a-crown for the privilege of being flogged by deputy, and ordered it to be given to the suffering party. Gunning's Reminiscences of Cambridge. THE SOURCE OF THE GANSES.-The glacier thickly studded with enormous loose rocks and earth, is about a mile in width, and extends many miles towards an immense mountain covered with perpetual snow down to its base, and its glittering summit piercing the very skies, rising 21,000 feet above the level of the seas. The chasm in the glacier, through which the sacred stream rushes forth into the light of day, is named the Cow's Mouth, and is held in the deepest reverence by all Hindoos, and the regions of eternal frost in its vicinity are the scenes of many of their most sacred mysteries. The Ganges enters the world no puny stream, but bursts forth from its icy womb a river 30 or 40 yards in breadth, of great depth, and very rapid. Extensive have my travels since that day been through these beautiful moun- tains, and amidst all the splended scenery I have looked on, I can recal none so strik- ingly magnificent as the glacier of the Ganges.-Markliam's Shooting in. the Hima- layas. The authenticity of the Chinese letter an- nouncing war against the " foreign devils," and alleged to have,been sent to Hong Kong under the seal of Yang seu Tsinsr, is called in ques- tion by Captain Edward Fishbournc, R.N , in a letter to the Dublin Express. Captain Fishbourne pronounces it a forgery, concocted either by the Imperialists or by those who think differently from the insurgents on religious matters. He points to the fact that all the English, French, and Americans, who visited Nankin, state that they are called not " foreign devils" but *. foreign brethren " INTERESTING DISCOVERY.-An interesting discovery has recently been made in clearing out the cellar of some premises at the corner of Lambeth-hill, Old Fish-street, City. A passage was found in the cellar furthest from the street, leading into two grotto-like chambers, evidently of some antiquity, about eight or ten feet square, the roof and walls of which are entirely com- posed of salt and freshwater shells firmly em- bedded in mortar. In the second chamber are the remains of what has been a raised seat fixed in the wall, and covered by a canopy formed of the same singular material as the chambers themselves ; and in the walls are several places where tables were apparently fixed, but which have at some former period been removed Subterranean passages have been traced leading to these chambers, and again from them, under Lambeth-hill, in all probability to the Thames ; and in digging near one of them a massive font of Italian marble, of singular construction, but without ornament of any kind, has been found The appearance of these chambers or grottoes indicates that they must date at least two or three centuries back, though for what purpose they were used it would be now difficult to say. The opinion of many who have seen them ia that they were of Roman Catholic origin. IRISH NEWSPAPERS.-The oldest of the exist- ing Dublin newspapers, the Freeman's Journal, was started by Charles Lucas, M.D. (one of the representatives of the city of Dublin, and author of many political publications), in or about 1755 ; and the oldest of the existing provincial newspapers, the Limerick Chronicle, made its first appearance in 17G8.-Notes and Queries. A MAXOR OF BATH IN THE OLDEN TIME. At the recent meeting of the British Archae- ological Society, a paper was read on " Taylor, the water-poet," who flourished about the middle of the 17th century. In the course of his journeys he came to Bath, and thus speaks of the then chief magistrate :-" I lodged at the Mayor's house, but his worship was as ignorant as myself, for he, being a baker, had let half his house to a victualler : so he sold bread with- out, and-1 bought drink-within. Mr. Mayor was pleased,to entertain me most kindly, with both his hands in his pockets ; so, we parting drily, Lieft him in his shop Lord Baron of the Brown Loaves and Master of the Rolls, at least in Bath " FEMALE PHYSICIANS.-The Massachusetts Legislature, at its last session, appropriated funds to the New England Female Medical College, located in Boston, to pay for the tuition of 40 students annually for five years.-New York Tribune. WEALTH OF SEBASTOPOL.-The amount of wealth at Sebastopol is computed to be about £20,000,000. The fortification have cost not less than £7,000,000, and the military and naval stores are of prodigious value. " COUSINS IN SABASTOPOL."-There is at this moment a curious exemplification of the con- sequences to individuals of a breach with a power with which we were so long on friendly terms. One of the bravest and ablest of the Russian admirals was the late Admiral Greig, uncle of our respected fellow-citizen, Charles Greig, Esq., surgeon During the last war, as upon previous occasions, be served the Imperial house of Russia with eminent fidelity and courage, but, being an Englishman, he was never natur- alized Little dreaming, however, of a rupture with Great Britain, his sons have become natur- alized subjects of the Czar, and hold high naval and military trusts. Thus one of them is at this moment in Sebastopol, serving as engineer there while we believe English cousins of his are amongst the beieaguring forces holding com- missions in her Majesty's army.-Bristol Times. In Paris 10,000 workmen are employed in the manufacture of lucifer matches« TUE MARCH TOWARDS SEBASTOPOL.-The day was intensely hot, so that we were not a little gratified nt arriving, at about three in the after- noon, at the village and river of Tchatka. It was quite deserted ; yet of course the skirmish- ers were sent on to ascertain the fact before the army descended the valley. I went forward with the Rifles, and was perfectly charmed with the peaceful beauty of the scene. The village, that of Alma, lay at the bottom of a steep ravine, though one of the most fertile description, orchards, vineyards, and flower gardens were in all directions, and from among them peeped the white cottages and ornamental villas of the gentry, mixed with the clean and well-ordered huts of the peasants. At the top of the valley to the east, was a very handsome Greek church, which blazed inside with numerous shrines, gilt work, and handsome pictures. Before the main body of troops entered the ravine the two priests in charge of the church surrendered themselves, and requested protection, not for themselves, but for the sacred object of their charge. As a matter of course, their petition was granted : the keys of the church were given up to Lord Raglan, and a guard mounted round the building, which no one was allowed to approach. It was only as a great favour that I was permitted to look in at a small portal to see the beauty of the interior. The priests were also put into their own house, and a sentry left there to prevent intrusion. All the other houses in the village were perfectly de- serted, and stripped of everything. I entered many of them. They were all clean and neat, and those of the better class showed signs of their owners being men of taste and refinement. In one of the rooms a half-starved dog was sitting on the hearth howling piteously. Morning Herald Correspondent. There is in a garden belonging to Mr. Thomas Briggs, furnace-man, Pyrah Nook, Low Meor, a quantity of raspberry trees which have had three crops of berries this season. They are now again in full blossom, and have been visited within the last few days by the principal horti- culturists of the neighbourhood, and each concurs in the opinion that should the present mild weather continue there will be another crop before Christmas. On Thursday last, there was a cluster of fourteen berries taken from the above trees, which were said to be the finest ever known to have been grown or exhi- bited in the locality. UNIVERSITY DEGREE -The degree of L.L.D. was conferred on Mr. Hush Miller, editor of the Edinburgh Witness, at the late " Commence- ment'' in Brown University, Rhode Island. SHERIDAN'S LOVE OF SHAKSPEAIIB.-When Sheridan's goods were taken in execution in Hertford-street, Mayfair, Postan, the sheriff's officer waited upon him, as was usual in such cases, and told him that, if there was any par- ticular article upon which be set a great value, he might secrete it or carry it off from the premises. " I thank yon, my generous fellow," said Sheridan, " no, let all go, affections in my situation are out of the question ; however," said he, recollecting himself, "there is one thing which I wish to save." " What is it?1' said Pos- tan, expecting him to name some cabinet or piece of plate. "Don't be alarmed," said Sheridan, "it is only this old book, worthall others, and to me of special value, because it belonged to my father, and was the favonrite of my first wife." Postan looked into it and it was a do^-eared first edition of Shakspear. THE WRITINGS OF NAPOLEOS I.-'the first meeting of the Imperial Commission appointed bv the Emperor to collect all the writings of Napoleon I. is to meet at once, under the presi- dency of Marshal Vaillant. It ¡8 reported that the labours of the commission will produce eight solid quarto volumes of mntter, in which all the Emperor's decisions, directions, &c; , on matters pertaining either to state policy, law, or diplomacy, will be arrayed. It is also re- ported that this great work will be produced in varions Continental languages. THE EXHIBITION OF AMERICAN BABIES.-The great " Baby Convention " came off on the 9th, at Springfield, in the state of Ohio. Ono bundled aud twenty fubies were entered, to compote for four premiums ; the first, of a tea set with a salver, of three hundred dollars, fir the finest baby of two years old or tmder. This was parried (several length.! aheml) by the baby of Mrs. Bourne, of Vienna, Ohio. Tho second premium-a tea-set, of two hundred dollarB, was awarded to the next best, which was the baby of Mrs. M1 Dowell, of Cincinnati. The third premium-of two hundred dollars-for the finest child under twelve months, went to Mrs. Arthur, of Philadelphia ; while the fourth -a Parian marble «rroup-was decreed to Mrs. Howe, of Cincinnati. One old woman who ap- peared with her seventeenth child claimed a premium for her achievement; bob that baby having no special merits of its own was " dis- tanced." Letters were received from the charm- ing Fanny Fern, from the many-aidyd Horace Greeley, who thought too much attention could not be bestowed on the development of the human constitution in a country where able bodied men sold for fifteen hundred dollars a-picoe : while Mrs Mott, the famous abolitionist, thought that negro Judien ought, by all means, to have been allowed an equal chance in the field. Whether she proposed it on the ground of the equality of the races, or from humanity, is uofc stated ; but if she had pat it on the ground of lineage she might have made out something of a case, since many so-called negro babies might claim to have as good white blood in their veins as any of their pretended Anglo Saxon rivals.-American Paper. An innkeeper observed a postilion with only one spur, and inquired the reason. "Why, what would be the use of another ?" said the postilion ; " if oue side of the horse goes, the other can't stand still." MURDER.-At Little Waldingbeld, a village near Sudbury, the wife of a man named Game was out nursing a sick person, but death having closed upon her charge, she returned to her home to procure some clothing, in order that she might attend the funeral io deoent attire. Whilst at her own house, as they were going to remove from tha cottage, she packed up a few articles, but before returning to the house where she had been nursing, she fetched a pail of water from the well. Going into the house with the same, her hubband met her, and stabbed her in sereral places. Once the knife went through ber neck into ber mouth, at another in the crown of her head and again lower still, from the ef- fect of which instantaneous death ensued. See- ing the effeofc of his fury, the unhappy man at- tempted to commit suicide by cutting his throat. He is not expeoted to live. From the evidence at the inquest it appeared that the murderer was a man of peculiar habits and desponding temperament, who passed his time in roaming the fields, but it was generally believed that his m .lady was feigned. ANOTHER ARCTIC EXPEDITION -Dr. Rae, of the Hudson's Bay Arctic Expedition, had au audience with Sir James Graham on Tuesday, at the Admiralty, on the subject of his discovery of the probable fate of Sir John Franklin aud his companions. The interview ocoupied a con- siderable time, in the course of which, we under- stand, Sir James Graham announced the in- tention of the government to send ont early i ii the ensuing spring an expedition, in order to make farther search for the remains spoken of by the Esquimaux, and the command of the ex- pedition was offered to Dr. Rae.-Slapping Gazette. HOUSES FOR THE WIDOWS OF SOLDIERS, &G.; There are at this present time twenty houses in the course of erection at Tinner, Middlesex, for the benefit of the widows of the army and navy, at tho sole coat of Miss Howard, of .Pinner, and York-place, Portnian-square. MURDF.R OF Two CHILDREN.-A young woman, named Eliza Bouchier, who has been living in respectable service, last week caused the death of two infant illegitimate children to which she had given birth in the neighbourhood of Barnstaple, by strangling them. She com- mitted a like crime about two years since, and suffered a term of imprisonment to which she was sentenced at the Exeter assizes. THE RECRUITING STSTBM. - By the preseut arrangements a recruiting serjeant receives 1 Is. for every man who passes the medical examina- tion previous to admission into the army, and such is the readiness with.which men join, that one reorniting officer has, alone made £55 within three days.-Standard.u? ,,<. .,,, Captain Cook's chronometer has been pre- sented to the United Service Institution, by Admiral Sir Thomas Herbert. It has under- gone some adventures : after two voyages with Cook, Lieutenant Bligh took it out in the Bounty ; the mutineers carried it to Pitcairns Island ; it was sold to an American, who sold it again in Chili ; finally, Sir Thomas Herbert bonght it at Valparaiso, for fifty guineas. MORAL INDIGNATION AT PELLÓN.-A few days ago, the little village of Mount Pelion, situate within a mile and a half of Halifax, was thrown into unusual excitement, first, by the report that a breach of conjugal fidelity had been discovered ; and, second, by the efforts of the villagers to show .their indignation at such an act. It ap- pears that a farmer of that neighbourhood, a married man with a grown-up family, was the offender, and the partner of his guilt a married woman, residing next door. The crime being made known, the villagers hastened to revenge, in their way, the serious offeuce. A demonstra- tion was got up, in which, of course, young Pelion played a leading part-led to this pro- bably more to their love of fun than from deep rooted moral feeling. Effigies of the delin- quents were made by amateur artists, and were paraded in the vicinity for upwards of two hours, the eiFect being increased by the pre- sence of a drum and fife band. The noise pro- duced by the playing of " Pop goes the weazel," '. Cheer, boys, cheer !" and other airs ; together with the combined illuminative'power of two or three score of candles, carried by as many boys, drew a great crowd from the neighbour- ing places. Eventually the whole crowd, men and women, hoya aud girls, mnsic makers and visitors, assembled in front of the residences of the two offenders, and then in solemn silence the effigies were set fire to. As the flame took hold and gathered strength, however, the whole multitude raised shout after shout, and the band beat up a lively air." This being accom- plished, and the ire of the outraged Pellonians thereby appeased, the partie» returned to their various hearths and homes. BUCHAREST.-The Daily News corresponden*5 asserts that at Bucharest a body of Greeks re- gularly meet at a café to invent canards for circulation on the following day. .' To give you," he says, "an idea of the nature of the labours which employ the time of these gentle- men, I may mention that last week we were gravely assured-first, that Prince Louis Na- poleon had qui' ted his post in the array, and gone to Constantinople to pay his addresses to Madame St. Arnaud ; and Marshal St. Arnaud, on hearing of the circumstance, immediately foi* lowed him, and at the moment of the departure of the letters conveying this interesting intelli- gence a duel à mort waa hourly expeoted between these two generals. The state of Madame St. Arnaud's feelings on the occasion was left to the imagination. Secondly, that at the moment when the allied forces were being disembarked in the Crimea, a great tempest arose, and dis- persed the fleet, and the twenty-five thousand men who had already landed were then left without ammunition, food, or hope of succour. They sinking in despair when ' the sacred per- son of his Majesty the Czar' arrived on the spot with 100,000 men, and began an attack upon the misguided individuals who had allied them- selves with the Pagans for the purpose of vio- lating * the sacred Boil of the empire.' The re- sult was such as might have been expected ; those who were not killed flung themselves into the sea and were drowned, and mare than half the fleet was wrecked While these stupen- dous events were taking place in the Crimea, General Luders, with his accustomed activity, had crossed the Danube at Matschin, had marched straight on Varna, which surrendered without firing a sbofc, invested Shumla, and when the letter received by the descendant of the heroes of Marathon and Leuctra, who re- counted the story, was written by another Greek of his acquaintance at Adrianople, the advanced guard was within three posts of Constantinople, and tho harem of the Sultan was being sent across to Asia. It was also hinted mysteriously that the Emperor himself was present in Luders' cimp, but as this information had been received confidentially, the newsmonger did not feel him- self warranted in repeating it in express terms. Oh, Greece! oh, Greece! how much enthusiasm was poured out upon you, how many geuerous tears were shed over you, how many good Eng- lish guineas were thrust into your great girdle, without making you any less a brigand and a liar, and a sworn enemy of all the world holds best and must sacred, of all that your old de- parted mother spilled so much blood to save and glorifj !»» Tn« AUTOCRAT'S FAMILY.-A correspondent of the Cologne Gazette, under date St. Peters- burg, Oct. 8, says-" But a short time back the public hare hoped and believed that the Russians were going to cross the Balkans, in order to free from Turkish rule their * brethren stretching out their arms to them for succour.' Since, however, the failures on the Dannbe, they are beginning to fear here that they shall lose the Crimea, that Cronstadfc will he taken next spring, and that Austria will declare war against Russia. The hereditary Grand Prince has notoriously disapproved of the war, and con- sidered it disastrous from the first. He disap- proved the policy and the mission of Mentschi koff, which his brother, Constantine, however, insisted on. Recent events in the Crimea have made a painful impression on the heir-apparent, but he has not ventured to utter any complaint before the head of his family. Count Nesselrode avoids the presence of the Crown Prince, for be dreads his reproaches. He, at least, might have remonstrated in time with the Czar, had he possessed sufficient moral courage, and might thus have given by his influence a different turn to affairs. There is, of course, no courtier now that would dare to hint even at concessions, since the Czar's declaration that " his dignity was engaged iu the contest " At the Central Criminal Court, on Wednes- day, Joseph Windle Cole, formerly a merchant in the City, was tried for obtaining £10,000 by false pretences. Cole had been in the habit of obtaining large advances of money from Messrs. Laing and Co., on the security of warrants for goods ; most of these transactions seem to have I been bona fide, but latterly he strayed from the right path. In July last year, he obtained ' £10,000 from Messrs. Laing and Co., depositing what purported to be warrants for tin and spelter, stated to be iu the warehouse of one j Maltby, in Southwark: in fact this tin and speller never existed, none bad been deposited at Maltby's, and he muat have given fraudulent \ warranta in collusion with Cole : Maltby has absconded, and thus avoided being indicted with Cole for conspiracy. For a long time, Messrs. Laing and Co. believed the warrants to be correct ; a3 Boon aa suspicion arose, and inquiry was made, the fraud was quickly apparent. Cole ¡ had tin deposited in a warehouse near Maltby's, but that he disposed of. The jury immediately returned a verdict of guilty. There were other indictments, but they were not proceeded with. Next day, the Chief Baron, after enlarging on the peculiar enormity of the offence in a person of Cole's standing, passed the severest sentence J in his power-four years' penal servitude. A MODEL CLERK.-Young man.-"I called to see about the clerkship you advertised as vacant.'' Old gent.-" Horn ! Have you a gold watch and chain, a fast horse, a diamond ring, six suits of clothes, a bulldog, 1000 cigars, a cask of brandy, and an assortment of canea?'' Young man-.'Yes, sir, got 'em all."-Old gent.-" Then you'll suit. My other clerk fur- nished himself with all these out of the till, so, as you're snpplicd, I'll Bave the expense.*' American paper. THE OFFICERS SLAIN.-Three of the officers of the 23rd Eusileers, who were killed in action at the Alma, had insured their lives in the Acci- dental Death Association, and three severely wounded had adopted a similar precaution. The relatives of Sir William Young and of Captain Butler receive large sums as a poor compensation for the early deaths of their lamented kinsmen. EX-RAILWAY KINO IN A MILKMAN'S CART. Mr. George Hudson, M.P., arrived by railway at the flourishing borough of Middlesbrough on-Tees, one day last week, on an unexpected visit to the Mayor. The town cannot boast of a »ingle cab, and as a last resort the honorable member for Sunderland mounted'a milkman's bart, which was on its way to Marton, and thus the ex-railway king jogged on to Mr. Bolckow's hospitable mansion. Daring the performance of Hamlet at the Burnley theatre, a few evenings since, the gentleman who played the part of the Ghost was so annoyed at sundry exclamations by the .. gods," that he doffed the winding-sheer, and left the stage for the gallery to inflict bodily chastisement on some of the offenders. THE UPS AND DOWNS OF CAMPAIGNING. The luxuries of life are quite unknown now in the British army. " I wish," said a Guardsman, worth £8000 a year, to me, " that the Simoom would come np, for I've not had a clean shirt for a fortnight." The transports realise fabulous prices, nnd I am sorry to say in too many instances make a market of the necessities of the army. Two pounds for a cheese and 7s a, bottle for brandy are common prices. Candles, too, and tobacco, are in great request, especially the latter. .« Please to let me on board," cried a serjeont alongside of one of our men of-war steamers, ?? I'm the purser's cousin." On being admitted, he at once begged par- don for the assertion. " But sure," said he, " I knew you wouldn't let me come in unless I belonged to somebody ; and the boys are all wanting so much a bit of tobacco." I need not say he went off with enough to last him for many a day. Our allies, however, are worse off than ourselves. Bread and onions picked up in the fields were their only food for two days ; and I believe the officers of some of our steamers had never a plea snnter task, thnn dining one or two among the French officer» who had extended their forage as far as Balaklava.-- Extract from a Letter. FROM A SERJEANT.-A letter received in Limerick, from a Serjeant serving in the army before Sebastopol, gives the following among the writer's impressions of the battle of the Alma:-"Such sights as met our eyes, the Russians wounded, lay on the field nil night, poor fellows, without one to attend them. We met one poor fellow whose arm had been shattered by a round shot-the hand and elbow was gone, and the white stump of bone was sticking out horribly. His accoutrements had got about bim in such a manner, it was impossible for lum to raise himself. I at once saw his difficulty, and desired my comrades to cut him free of his belts; he was all the time staring at us; but when he saw the knife produced, never will I forget the face he drew; he began to bless himself, and mutter Christian ! Christian ! for he thought it was all up with him ; but after cutting him loose, placing his pack under his head, and giving him a drink out of a water bottle, he seemed to think we were Christians. I could fill my sheet with anecdotes of what I saw, but will bore you with only one more. A group of English soldiers were looking at a dead Russian, whose side and leg a shell had nearly carried away, when one of our Turkish drivers came up and began to feel the Russian's leg. We wondered what the fellow meant to do; but soon the mystery was explained-out came the knife-to slit the leg of the dead man's trousers was the work of a moment, disclosing to our aston- ishment the Russian soldier's method of car- rying his money. About 8s. rewarded the Osmanli's sagacity. You may be sure the legs of the dead were carefully examined afterwards, ns the Russian soldiers carry their money in a small leather purse strapped round the leg. It is now seven months since I have been in a bed, or speut half an hour under a roof. Our regiment lost 56 by cho- lera; we landed 911 in Turkey; sickness, death, and hardship has reduced us to, this morning, strength in the field, 593. INTERESTING FACT.-Humboldt, in his great work, the " Cosmos," mentions, that on the occasion of one of his journeys on the River Orinoco, he observed some copper coloured children belonging to the tribes which inhabit its banka sitting on the shore, amusing themselves by rubbing the large seeds of some leguminous plant, probably a Nigretta, and after wards attracting light sub- stances to them, in the same manner as a school-boy amongst ourselves might find amusement in exciting a stick of sealing-wax or glass tube by friction and afterwards pro- ducing attraction or repulsion by presenting it to light substances ; the thought instantly flashed into his comprehensive mind, what a interval have we here in the range of human intelligence and progress; what a gulf be- tween the amusement of those naked copper coloured children of the forest, enjoying their electrical sport in profound ignorance of the nature of the phenomena they have evoked, and the application of the same electrical force, in another of its phases, to the electric telegraph, or some other of the refined uses of the same power which mark our day. The distance between these respective manifesta- tions of human capability is equivalent to centuries in the history of civilisation.-Dr. Powei's Lecture at Politechnic Institution. THE ELLIPTICAL GUN.-The object of boring the Lancaster gun into an ellipsis is to prevent the ball from taking a rotatory motion. It is applicable to small firearms as well as large. As tried against the Minié rifle, at Woolwich arsenal, the results have been thus officially reported :-With the Minié rifle : at 500 yards one out of four shots hit the bull's eye ; at 400 yards one out of three shots hit the bull's eye ; at 200 yards the whole six struck the target. With Lancaster's smooth-bored patent rifle, same day : at 500 yards two out of three shots hit the bull's eye ; at 400 yards two out of four shots hit the bull's eye; at 200 yards six shots hit all round the bull's eye. The practical question now is not that of superi- ority in force and precision of projection, but in safety. Has the elliptical ball, in passing through the elliptical bore, a ten- dency to seek a rotatory motion ; and, being prevented, does it read the fabric of the gun, or has it a dangerous tendency so to do? If not, what is the cause of those guns bursting so frequently?-Daily News. HABITUAL RESERVE OF THE AMERICANS. -This distant reserve of the Americans, so prevalent even in their own families, often struck cold on my heart, and made me regret my native land. Man and wife are often as reserved towards each other as two strangers who meet for the first time, and care not about meeting again. I have seen Americans leave home, to be absent for months, with- out shaking hands with their wives, or say- ing, " Good-bye," and it is the same on their return. I must believe, for the honour of the Americans, that this reserve is mere custom, and does not proceed from any real want of affection, as I have seen proofs of deep feel- ing amongst them ; but it always made a dis- agreeable impression on me. But still worse was it to see Germans aping this fashion, as often happened to be my lot.-Gerstaecker's Wild Sports in the Far West. A BANKER'S LIBERALITY.-The Brussels journals relute the following act of liberality on the part of M. Nicolai, president of the , Philanthropic Society of that city, whose ' funeral took place there a few day9 since, in presence of an immense number of persons. A short'time since one of the relations of M. Nicolai married, and one of the first duties he was anxious to accomplish was to present his wife to that gentleman. M. Nicolai received them, but gave a few hasty words of congratulation to the young cou- ple, saying that he was too much engaged to devote any time to them. He, however, handed them a letter for a banker ut Antwerp, who had, he said, a piece of fur- niture in his possession belonging to him, and which he begged them to accept as a wedding present. They went to Antwerp, and presented the letter to the banker, who withdrew for a few minutes, and then re- turned and introduced them into a saloon where, to their great astonishment, they saw laid out on a table a sum of 150,000f. in bank notes, which the banker informed them was the piece of furniture alluded to by their munificent friend. They immediately relumed to Brussels to thank their liberal relation, but on going to the house of M. Nicolai, he sent his servant to them to say that he was too busy to receive them. MOCK HUMILITY.-The humbleness of many men is like the decent of the pearl diver into the water, for an object. 