THE MARVELS OF GhOST SEEING. (From the New York Christian Spiritualist, Nov. 4 THE LOST PASSENGERS OF' THE ARCTIC. The following is the letter of Judge Edmonds, referred to last week in the notice we made of Brother Harris's sermon. We have no doubt it will be read with pleasure, and, we hope, with thought and attention, as there are some points that may seem new to the spiritual reader. While we are as yet in the infancy of mediumship and very imperfectly understand its philosophy, it behoves all to be thoughtful and cautious in reading, that full justice may be done to all the spirit, the medium, and the thought communicated. We have much yet to learn and unlearn : " New York, October 21. " Dear Sir, Perhaps, in your discourse on the wreck of the Arctic, you would be willing to have a more minute detail of the events which I mentioned the other day, and I will therefore give it to you. "For several days before we received the news of the accident, an attempt was made to communicate the event to my daughter, as she had been a year ago taught the wreck of the San Francisco. But it failed because of her anxiety about a relative of hers who was at sea, and with whom she associated the wreck the moment the idea was presented to her. Thus were produced confusion and anxiety, which interfered with the clearness of the communication, though the idea of a wreck was frequently and vividly presented to her. " On the day before the arrival of the news she had a car from a lady friend, who, in the course of her visit, became entranced, and gave a graphic description of some of the scenes which we afterwards learnt took place on board the ill-fated steamer. But the communication was interrupted, and thus only an IfifTefinite apprehension of some impending misfortune was pro " On the day after we received news of the wreck I returned home from my office late in the afternoon, and found my friend Mr. J-in my parlour, with my daughter. Some spirit was communicating through him. I gave my attention to it, and then, for about two hours, through him, through Laura, through Mr. A--, who came in during the evening, and through myself, we had an intercourse with the passengers of the Arctic which I mentioned to you. "I imbibed the idea that there were present with us at least 100 of them, though only a few made themselves known to or spoke to us, N. B. Blunt, late District Attorney, Bishop Wainright, Isaac T. Hopper, Dr. Cory, and others of my spirit friends, were also present, and occasionally spoke through or to some of us. " I plainly saw the whole assemblage, and particularly one of them, with whom I had been well acquainted. He was labouring under great mental excitement. He exclaimed to me, ' Good God, Edmonds ! Can this be true as death, after all, what you said it was, and is this death ? Can it be possible that this is the change which death makes ':' " I answered, ' You see. You can judge for yourself. Bring your own clear intellect to bear upon it, and you can. understand it." " ' But,' he said Where am I f ' What must I do ? Where am I going ? Is this to be always so 5' " I told him No, by no means is it to be always so. But it will be difficult for me to tell you what to do, for I cannot know all the circumstances that surround you. t But there is one close at hand who can tell you, and who can assist you.' a Who is that ?' he asked. " I answered. ' Our old friend, Blunt.' sHe said, 'Nat? Is he here? Where? Let me see him. Let me hear from him where I am, and what I am to do ?' " This conversation had thus far been between me and that spirit direct, and now Mr. Blunt came through my daughter, said, Judge, tell him I am near at hand, ready to assist him, and he has only earnestly to wish it to see and hear me himself. Now, his mind is in such uncertainty and confusion, that neither his brother nor I can make ourselves visible to him'.' " This being said to me in an audible voice was heard also by the spirit, who no longer paid any attention to me, but turned to where Blunt was, and soon engaged in conversation with him. " Others of those spirits then spoke to me. One said to me, that his last thought on going down with the ship was, that in a few moments he should be reunited again to his wife and children who went down with him but he said-and this so much astonished him-' When I awoke I beheld my wife and children passing" away from me in different directions, and I am left alone so near the earth. Is this to be always so? Am I never, never to see them again I And am I always to hover thus near the earth ? " Another, whom I had well known, said to me, with a good deal of emotion, ' Friend Edmonds, is it true, then, this which I always thought an illusion of thy insane mind ? It truly seems so. I, know I have died ; but now I seem as much upon earth, as ever, and I talk to thee as plainly as ever I did. Oh, tell me, what all this means, and what I am to do ?' "1 referred him to Father Hopper, who was present, and who could instruct him better than I could. He shrank from this, and reminded me that he and Mr. Hopper had not agreed very well upon earth, having some difficulties with each other, in meeting -that is, in their religious society. " Mr. Hopper then spoke to me through Laura, and bade me reassure him that no unpleasant recollection of the past dwelt upon his mind that he was ready to help him and,' he added, ' tell him, judge, that I will be just as quick now to take him in as he was to turn me out of meeting. Tell him to, judge, will your " In reply, I said I need not repeat it, for he hears what you say through the medium. But your allusion to the old difficulties disturbs him.' " 'Tell him,' he answered, ' never mind that it is only matter to be laughed at now, and I desire only to befriend him and set his mind at ease.' " ' Yes,' I said old friend, that you have already done, for he holds out his hand to you "And they too r)assed.nway.togcthcr-irom my view. -Hero of the tailorlypoke tp-mçnauçOhough not a mffin"*tfr as much" education as the others, he was evidently more at home, and more at ease than they were. He said that after the collision he had not thought of himself until the raft shoved off from the ship. He headpiece very busy -tryingtos"p"the"leak*f "and when all work on that ceased it had occurred to him that he ought to save himself that he had an aged mother, a wife, and some children in New York, and he asked himself ' What will they do this winter without me so and so he jumped from the ship to reach the raft, but he fell short, and sank in the water. He came up under the raft, and his head bumped against it until he was drowned. ," There was much less agitation in him than in the others, and I obtained from him a . clear account of several things. " He spoke in great admiration of the efforts on board the ship of the one who first spoke to us ; said he took a command, and directed much that was done. He was cool, collected, and energetic, and made himself felt and obeyed wherever he went. " He also spoke of the general deportment when all hope of saving themselves was abandoned. He said the sight was really sublime ; a deathlike still- ness reigned, and a calm came over them all, as if each was quietly bracing himself to meet his duty. " I aske i him how it happened that they so many of them came to us, and if he had not yet met any of the inhabitant, of the spirit world besides those who had entered it with him "He answered 'Yes; his father and two other relatives had come to him and welcomed him, and then told him to go with the others, and learn what he could. He could not give me his name, or the street where he resided. There was no medium present through whom the abstract idea of a name could be given. " Among those who spoke to me was a woman. She was very cheerful and pleasant, and, from what she said, it was manifest to me her thoughts in life had been more for others than for herself. She understood more clearly the condition in which she found herself, and had come with the others more to aid them than herself. Bishop Wainwright, through Mr. J., uttered a most touching and impressive prayer. " And, finally, there spoke to me the spirit of a man, who said that he was a European, whose name was unknown to me, but mine was not unknown to him. He had already given some attention to the spiritual philosophy, and had found in it much that was consonant with his reason, with his instincts, and with what he had learnt of nature (and that was not a little, for he was evidently an educated man). " He had been on his way to this country on business, and had intended, while here, to call on me. He said that his belief had been of vast service to him, for it had not only robbed death of its terrors, but had ijn.iblodhim, on entering his new existence, to understand his position and to know where he was. He had not, therefore, shared the amazement, excitement, and confusion of mind which had so much disturbed others. " When that large number of persons had awakened to consciousness in the spirit world and were amazed at the condition in which they found themselves, a voice had spoken to them saying, The gates of death have been opened to you. Now let the gates of eternal life be likewise opened to ye. Go ye to the earth again, and learn there how to enter them ! ' They had, accordingly, come to earth, and scattering in various directions, had sought the mediums on this continent. Hence it was that so large a number were now with us " He said that I could form no just conception of the condition in which they found themselves. No two were alike. In some blank amazement, stupified in some, terror and uncertainty assumed the form of the excitement of insanity in some there was a stolid hardened indifference, in some a happy confidence as to the future, without knowing why and in a few there was a knowledge, imbibed on earth, which inspired hope and confidence. They were the most cheerful and hoping who, on earth, had been least selfish and most active in their efforts for others. "They were, he said, surrounded by bright spirits who were willing to aid them ; but, having been cut off from mortal life suddenly, and without the weaning from earthly ties which old age or protracted disease always produce, their earthly feelings were still predominant with many and, in connection with the excitement, confusion, and uncertainty prevailing in their minds, rendered them inaccessible to the approach of those brighter spirits. " Why," he added, " we do not all even see each other, though hovering thus together around you. We have, as it were, a dim consciousness of each other's presence, and, through the instrumentality of the mediums, we hear and converse with you and with each other. For this purpose it is that we are conducted here by our spirit guides, that we may learn our true condition, and through mortal means, un- learn the errors which our mortal life has instilled into us. Speak, then, judge, to them. You they all can hear, and from your lips they may learn the lesson of the realities before them, which sooner or later, they must all learn. Speak plainly, but gently, for oh ! you know not how much of sorrow and anxiety there is in the hearts which you can thus relieve. .' I accordingly, for a few moments, spoke to them, I reasoned with them of the great doctrine of pro- gression which is now being revealed to man. I reminded them that from their birth their life had been one of progression, and now they could readily perceive that that life still continued, and with it must continue the influence of that law of progression. It was of importance to them to know this, for then and only then could they know how to direct their actions wisely and well. And, fortunately for them, they were now in a condition where they could ascertain, if they would, how true or false this teaching was. " No, too, if they became satisfied of that, they could readily learn the law by which that progression could be most advanced or retarded. That law was love love of God and of one another, to be manifested not in profession only, but in active efforts to do good to one another. That could be done by them in the spirit life as well, and even better, than in their mortal existence. " So, too, I told them that they were surrounded by bright and beautiful spirits, who were ready to take them to their arms, to teach them the holy truths which are now also being revealed to man upon earth, and to point them the way to happier realms, which they may in time attain. And I assured them that they had but to make themselves accessible to their spirit friends by earnestly desiring their presence and aid to enjoy the inestimable assistance which could soon dispel the gloom of doubt and uncertainty, and open to their vision a bright and holy light from above. " I told them that I did not ask them to receive these things as true because I said so, but to examine for themselves, with all the advantages which they now possessed, and to judge for themselves. It could do no harm thus to investigate, but if, on investiga- tion, they should find that I was correct, they would also find much that would be of inestimable value to them. " Something more to the same effect I said, and, commending them in few words to the protection of our Heavenly Father, and the guardian care of the bright spirits who were around them, I closed the interview, and they faded from my view. " Affectionately yours I " J. W. EDMONDS. " The Rev. T. L. Harris." 