T ff Ë K M PIRE. WKDNU.SDAY, JUAY i?, lPfiíi. A l'UOl'U-ÏS I'vllTY THU ('ONSKIIVATION UK J'UltUU INTKUKSTS. NATIONS, liku iiiilîviihtiils,. Imvc to pinn «X[IIÍIÍL'UCÜ by (l¡sa|i|i!i¡iitnu'tit.s. Tho wholu annals (if I'litiiio, s i nc u thu aceus dioti of William III., tiru tumlo tip ufa fliiccuiwinii tif uxpcriiiiutit» in Rovoiiiniotit. A wull-tliycHlüd a/ni thoroughly fhiloao jiliii'nl history ol' JJrîltish Administrations, or Ciibiiit'ts, front tlint porutil lo tito {.renou t, ki'pt sullluit'iitly iininitigk'ii with moro gtHjpr-il inatlfi-fl, wotllil bo n valtiublo work, of reference for illustrations to «ny one dooling with constitutional questions, At present the matter is too diluted to be readily available. The progress of thc nation in ita political illuminations, and the power it has at length acquired of forming just estimates of both persona ant parties nndertaking to govern it, aw wholly tho results of that schoolinf. which has boon' so long going on Tho spirit of tho people has mean while been becoming moro and mon elastic and yet more and moro robust b; reason of the manifold vicissitudes o State affairs - an effect which wo cai hardly deem tho Walpoles, the Grenvilles and the Pitts of yoro over rospeetivol; expected their selfish and nnti-nationa policy to produce. Whilo pure Toryism and Whiggisn alternated in ascendancy, or during th many years of t'.e prevalence, of tho latte prior to George III., and of the forme afterwards till tho Reform questio restored the Whigs, it seems to have bee tlie policy of thesa two great parties t divido tho people betweon them, and cac to take as large a share of popular favoii as it could get. Tho Houses of Oom mons and Lords boro the impress of th same division. Tho people, as a pcopli was not regarded. Tho nation was, i their estimate, the party attached to it loaders. The rising of the Radicals wa a vile interruption to the collateral sec tions of Whigs and Tories. It produce a third party in fact-a party, howovci which arrogated to itself tho titlo c " tho people," aud yet under thc title, while maintaining, and that nt gren peril, many important doctrines hitliert lost sight of, was still nothing but apart struggling for that prc-omincoco whiol the others had so long shared betwcci them. Tho Napoleonic war too complotol, occupied thc public mind to allow rnucl thought about constitutional questions Busy abroad, homo was forgotten by nil But the hour of relaxation from that Ion, tension came, and thc people wore plucei in circumstances which compelled them t think about their own estr to. Tho event which affected thc Royal Family awakonci emotions, ut first sympathetic, and tliei interested. The spirit stirred by th dastardly nnd villanom persecutions o Qttoen Caroline, on tho part of hor prod! gate husband, and once awakened ti enquire into thc infallibility of Govern ment vii tue, was easily deflected to otho objects of an administrativo chnroctor Heavy burdens wore also felt in al departments ol society-hurdnis whiul tho Government showed no dispnsitioi to alleviate in any effectual manner Everything contributed to the ncccleratior of tho impetus with which national opinior was proceeding. When at length tlie Whigs took their stand on the Reform Bill, it was no longeras a party, but as, professedly ni least, representing the sentiments of thc nation ; and since that hour it has been tito nation which has claimed the mastery, Wo do not say, that this national kind of ascendancy has over been so complete, as utterly to extinguish tho mischiefs, or tlie existence of party faction. It has not been so. There is tho venom, for example, of protectionism still ; and the various classes of statesmen might yet bc easily induced to plnco themselves at the head ol'new divisions for thc most sordid and selfish of nil purposes, that of go tiing and retaining ofiico, if they could only get adherents sufficient in numbers and inlluonce to keep thom up. The luve of office is tho very instinct of sordid and unprincipled minds. Wo du not know that tho language of Lord Bruughiun has yet ceased to be true " Thero surely munt be something in official life as sweet ns natural life ¡3 sup- posed to bc, and something peculiarly horrible to statesmen in tho bnra possi- bility of political death-olso why this pleasing hope, this fond desire, tin's long- ing after longev'ty - or why this (lionel of dissolution that m (ikes thc soul shrink back upon itself? But in 010 material particular tho two kinds of life un I death widely differ. Tho official's (îo:ith-l)cd is not cheered by any hop' a of iiniuorti lity. Tho world to which hr utw looks fui'wnrd is another, but not a b.ttor wo ri I. Ile knows full snro that, from tho pleasing statoof being to .vhich he lins been to long used and so fondly cling', he must instantly, on tho groat change taking place, bo plunged into tho dreary night of a placoless existence ¡ bo cast away with other mournful ghosts on the tempest - beaten coast of Opposi- tion, there to wnnder nncortnm of ever again hoing summoned from that inhospitable shore, or visiting the cheerful glimpses of thc Courtly tiny." Kow those who so hanker after place will as- suredly inako parties if they can, and find thom needful. There is no security whatever in the dispositions of stntosincn in general against the revival of factions ; but rival factions counterbalance each other and bring ont truth, which at length tho peoplo seizing, force their rulers to pny duo regard to it, ami eonijiel those who will not, to censo to rule. 1 ho conflicting principles of Cabi- nets, since the Tories went out in 1SilO, have thus nítido the nation conversant with thc art and soienco of government, and disposed to forgetfulness of the minis- ters for tho sako of tho measures. Never more decidedly than at present, although sometimos with moro effervescence, as in la.')I-2, was thc national will supremo. It was this national will that created i tho f experiment of this Coalition Ministry. Whiggisin ( and Tory- ism woro becomo vnin ideas, and true, national, beneficial government was called for in their placo. This tho wholo nation united, and that effectually, to I demand- nnd thus tho people's party stood triumphant. But an oecnsion arose for war, and tho wholo nation was aroused to its necessity, and wns prompt to supply thc means. . lu tho adiuiuistrutiou ol' thoso means the Coalition Ministry has strangely failed of the nation's hope, and tho people's party will bo again triumphant. Iluforo thc united people, thc Ministry must drfwid itself or give up its commission Thu« in this terrible crisis the people will bo, under l'rovidono-*, tho salvation of tho Empire, nnd of tlie world, from t^e aggressions of a foreign tyrant. The people's party, however, in Eng- land is yet very unenlightened ns to tho completo scope of its duty and power. There aro topics of vast magni- tude which it has never yet em- bodied in its views of national reform. Do not the colonies belong to thc people of tho British Empire, of which people, tho inhabitants of tho British Islands aro tho central and chief part ? Yot reform in the colonies lias never becomo a popular topic in England, although those dependencies are all wilder the supreme power of the Imperial Parliament. How much enlightenment may yet be required to make colonial Gsvernmcnt anything moro than a matter of Cabinet patronage, it is impossible to sny. Is it quite hopeless, that thc people of Great Britain, who] havo entered into all tho concerns of tho present war as ono mau, will bo aroused to throw tho same unanimous spirit into the demand for colonial reform ? However hard it may be to realise such a thing, we cannot deem thc expectation vain, and wc certainly Iseliovo that it is this, and this alone, which will save tho Empire from carly dismemberment. We have no further trust in Cabinets not sub- jected to the extrinsic impulsion of the people's party. 