TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 13. Before the POLICE MAGISTRATE, and E. MAIT- LAND, Esq., J.P. DRUNKENNESS.--Catherine Blakeness pleaded guilty to being drunk in the town of Collector. Fined 10s. or twenty-four hours' imprisonment. INDECENCY.-- John Crabtree was charged with self-exposore, in Collector, on the 12th instant. He pleaded guilty, and that he was intoxicated at the time. Sentenced to a month's imprisonment with hard labor. RAISING THE WIND.--John Calman, the talented individual, whose inventive faculty in raising the wind to the tune of ten shillings, having obtained that amount from Mr. A. Cohen, by representing that one Seaman, who he falsely asserted to be his employer, had de- parted this life, we reported last Saturday, was again brought up for final examination. Mr. Edward Seaman, of Bolong, farmer and gra- zier, appeared sound and hearty in the witness- box. He stated that the prisoner had been employed by him to thrash wheat. The pri- soner left his service about three weeks ago, having completed his work, and received pay- ment. He was never employed to tend sheep by witness, nor commissioned to sell any for him. Witness was as well as could be at the time when reported dead by the prisoner, and great was his astonshment on proceeding to Goulburn to meet several of his friends and acquaintances with crape round their hats, who were hurrying towards his residence, but who started aghast when they saw him, having heard the report of his death, and being on the road to his house to offer consolation to the supposed widow and orphans. After some slight difficulty, witness succeeded in persuad- ing them that he was substantial and no shadow. Witness came into town and met the police taking the prisoner to the lockup. In conclusion, Mr. Seaman assured the bench that he was alive, real flesh and blood, and no ghost, and that the prisoner had no authority to draw in his name upon the storekeepers' credulity. The prisoner said that he had been after a heavy fit of drinking when he committed the offence, and that he had been 22 years in the colony without ever robbing any one. He was committed to take his trial at the Quarter Ses- sions. BUTCHER v. TAYLOR, AND TAYLOR v. BUTCHER.--On the first of these cases being called on, Mr. Walsh rose and informed the bench that he was retained for Mr. Butcher; that the case against Butcher for rescuing cat- tle arose out of the same transaction, and he hoped the Bench would hear both cases previ- ous to giving judgment. Mr. Deniehy having consented on behalf of Mr. Taylor, the assault case was first proceeded with. Mr. Butcher deposed that on the 6th instant he was driving some working bullocks towards his station at Bronti; he left them for about five minutes; on returning to them he saw Mr. Taylor ride up and begin driving the bullocks; when spo- ken to as his reason, Mr. Taylor said that the bullocks had been in his wheat field; Mr. Butcher denied that such had been the case, asserting that the cattle which had trespassed belonged to Mr. Cartwright; Mr. Taylor then rode up, shook his whip in Mr. Butcher's face, near enough to strike him with his fist, and gave him great abuse, but did not strike him; Mr. Taylor told him (Mr. Butcher) that he might take the cattle away. In cross-exami- nation by Mr. Deniehy, Mr. Butcher said he believed that the cattle were upon his own pre- emptive right. The case of Taylor v. Butcher was then gone into; Mr. Deniehy appearing for the com- plainant, and Mr. Walsh for the defendant. It was set forth that at Mullengullengong, on the 6th instant, the defendant did rescue six head of cattle which were lawfully in the charge of the plaintiff, who was driving them to the pound for a breach of the Impounding Act. A somewhlat singular occurrence ensued. Mr. Maitland, J. P., who had partly heard the first part of the cross-case, having departed from the bench before the hearing of the se- cond part, Mr. Walsh and Mr. Deniehy ob- jected to going on with the matter until Mr. Maitland was sent for. A message having been despatched with the intelligence to that gentle- man, he shortly returned, and the case was re- sumed. The plaintiff swore to the rescue and also to the trespass. A young female witness also gave evidence respecting the trespass. At the close, the magistrates dismissed the case of Butcher v. Taylor, and respecting the case of rescue, Taylor v. Butcher, they com- mitted the defendant for trial at the Quarter Sessions. 