AMERICA. Uy the . kindness of Messrs. MacpUerson and . Francis, we aro -put in possession ol New. York journals to December 1st. The Herald, of that date contains the following items : — Yesterday the inhabitants of fifteen or the Slates of this glorious republic united in celebrating the ?national festival of Thanksgiving Day, and, so far as.wo know, the occasion passed off, both here and elsewhere, with more than usual spirit. In this city sermons were preached in all the churches, and the public ollices and nearly all the private placea of business were ck.sed. A largo number of military ana target companies were out, accompanied by bands of music . hat certainly did ' make a joyful lioise.' It is gnuiryihg lo know that while our cit l/.ens were enjoying the general rejoicing, the poor were not forgotten. The two benevolent institu tions on the Five Points were crowded with chil dren, who partook of a capital dinner, and were also supplied with new suits of clothes. The ragged schools in the Fourth Ward, and the newsboys like-' wise, had a' line time, and feasted in a manner be coming the day. Full accounts of the doings yester day may be. found elsewhere, and we have no doubt they will be read with interest. The Reverend Doc tor Hawks/of Calvary Church, situated at the corner of Twenty-first street and Fourth avenue, preached a most eloquent thanksgivingsermon yesterday to one of the most crowded congregations ever before assembled within the building. The discourse was given and a subscription taken up in aid of the poor children at tending the Sunday schools of the church : but in the course of his sermon the rev. gentleman alluded very forcibly to the eyils in store lor this country if the vast amount of juvenile European pauperism, daily arriving on our shores were left untaught and uu christianised. ? A liberal subscription was handed in. The case of Dr. Beale, the dentist, convicted in Philadelphia of an outrage upon the person of a young lady, has attracted an unusual degree of attention. The unfortunate culprit, in a wellcon ceived address to the Court previous to the passing of sentence upon him, protested his entire innocence of the heinous offence of which he had been found guilty. Throughout the protracted trial the pri-, Boner's ever-faithful wife attended him in the court room, listening to the terrible revelations that fi'»iilf-(l linr liuslinmi J« fnfn ? nn/1 »in\ir iiMfli o rrt:4.i» and a constancy that belong to won' an, and to woinnn onijr, she publishes to the world her firm belief in his Innocence, and aBka for sympathy and help in imploring the interposition of the Governor of Pennsylvania t ) set aside the verdict of the jury Whatever opinion may be entertained -as to the' guilt or innocence of the convict, no one can read the brief and feeling appeal of 'Mvs. Beale without admiring her heroic conduct, and wishing her that measure of success to which her unremitting devotion is entitled.' Curious , developments, statements and replica tions, respecting nunneries and nuns in general, and ? the absconding sister from the institution at Em metsburg in' particular, are appearing in the news papers in -various parts of tue country, some of which we 'publish in another column. A Roman Catholic priest away down in the' state of Maine, gives us a tolerably clear insight into the internal regulations - and requirements of the schools of places of refuge for young ladies under the charge or his co-religionists, from which it appears that par ticular pains only are taken to prevent even the ghost of a 'nice young man' from penetrating within the secluded abodes of the recluses. In other respects there is simply a wholesome control. But the young lady in question tells a different story. According to her account blocks, bolts and bars,'' and a hideous ogre in the- shape of a watchman, are the impedi ments to 'be encountered and overcome by the as pirants to beaux or the largest liberty, who have been thrust into the gloomy cells of the convent at Em metsbur-g.-. Our readers, particularly tho youug ladies, are: referred to the extracts alluded to. On Monday, the 21st November, 1853, we published the annexed' list of banks, in which recent defalca tions Jfor a largo amount had taken place. At tho time the particulars of some of the operations lead ing to the abstraction of large sums of money were given. Since, the details of others . have . come to light, making a very interesting chapter in the finan cial history of Wall-street : — ..-..!?' KErORTED DEFALCATIONS IN WALL-STREET. -..???'? Dollars. Hank of tho Stalo of Now York , . . 100.000 Bank of Comincrco . , . . 80,000 Merchants' ltonk . ... , . 200,000 Metropolitan Jfcmk ? . , ; ' . 180,000 Amorioan Bxclmngo Bank . . . 00,000 Hanover 13auk. . ... .-? .... - ? ,^; . .25,000 * ;.,;-,... .,'-- -?? Total . .;- 705,008 Independent of the above, the Bank of tho State of New York had a package 'containing about 38,000 dollars stolen from its counter; ' A portion of that was afterwards recovered. SWUOUS ACCIDENT. TO , TUB STATE B.VOIXEER.— The Hon.- John T. Clark, while standing inthe central despot yesterday afternoon, by the sudden backing of an express waggpn, crushed against a moving train and so seriously injured as to create the most alarm ing apprehensions. IVheu extricated he was wholly insensible. Being taken to his lodgings at the City Hotel, Dr. Vanderpoel found three of his left ribs broken and a fractured bone in his right shoulder, all of which were promptly and properly adjusted., Though suffering from these causes, and from severe oontusions, we are happy to learn that there are no internal injuries, and that this morning the symp toms are quite favourable. Mr. Clark will be disabled for several weeks, at a time when his sorvices are much needed ; but considering the peril he was in, jus menus uave uuuuuiiui ibubuiih bo ue graicim lor his preservation. — Albany Journal. Sim1 MoNONGAiiELA of New Bedford.— The fact of this ship having been carried into the Arctic Ocean by the ice, at the commencament of the win ter of 1S53, has created much interest. Up to our last accounts no news had been heard of her, notwith standing H.B.M. ship Rattlesnake had coasted up to the utmost points of navigation allowed by tho ice, and a wlialer had almost taken tho course the'Mo nongaliola took ; still' there was nothing which wonld give uuy indication of her fate more than the statement of the natives to the captain of the Rattle snake that a three-masted, vessel had gone into the Arctic Ocean.. This could be no other vessel than the Monongahela, as there was no other vessel that would be likely to he in that situation. By the ar rival of the E. L. Frost, wo learn that a report was current among the whaling fleet that a cask had been pickod'up at sea containing articles belonging- to the Monongahela, as proved by the marks. If this be true, there is but little. doubt but the vessel and her ontire crew arc lost. — Jfew JLcvford Shipping LUt. : ' ??????-? The. Rochester Missino Grni,. — Pursuant to a public call, many citizens of tho east side of the river, met in the building of M.VP. Story, corner of North and Franklin streets, last evening, for tho pur pose of eliciting information in regard to the 'disap- pearance of Miss Moore. The meeting was organ ized by the appointment of W. B. Alexander, Esq., as chairman, and Mr. A. Sintzenich, as secretary. The object of the meeting having-beaiustated by the chairman, by unanimous consent, MrVRYS. W.hit noy, brother-in-law of Miss Moore, was requested to give such information as ho possesed, in relation to her disappearance. Mr. 'W. stated that Miss M. bonrded at his house, No, 27.1 North-street; that she left his liouseat 71'to 8 o'.clock, on the evening of Thursday, Nov. l-lth,'sayinn' that she would return in; half an hour. . The family sat up till late at- night, awaiting her return ; 'but that no particular anxiety was mani fested for her safety tilt the next morning; when, she not having returned, they visited the houses of AJH'erouf friends of -the family, supposing she hart passed the night with some- one of them, but did not liud her. An active search was then commenced, which has- been continued up. to ,.the present. On examination, wo found that the appearance of her room, wardrobe, &o.;, did riot indicate a voluntary departure;, she brought home, at about six o'clock on that evening, a vest to make, from the shop of Mr. James Henderson, in the Ar cade,- which she had promised to return, finished, at four 'o'clock the following afternoon,: She appears to have worked on this vostaboutlj hours previous to leaving the house. -'When ; leaving she. spoke of going to' wilderand Goriou's store, and h:id a small parcel in her hand; some of her clothing is miss iug ; we have communicated with -relatives in Now York, and have rocoived a reply that she was not there; also, telegraphed to her father, at Bristol, Kenilall county, lli., to which no answer has been re received. (Bristol is several miles from any tele graph line.) She had, when leaving tho house iibout 20 dollars on her porson, and left about tho same amount in her room ; we suppose the first sum was intended for the paymout of taxes. After some preliminary transactions, two mar shals wcro appointed: to wit, Messrs.' Patterson and Stone. It was then decided to appoint ten captains to act under them, but subsequently the numbor was raised to fifteen. 'Wo did not catch all the names, but wo noticed among them Messrs. Bentan, Shields, Barnard, Hoyt, Peck, Harrison, Ward, Morey, Lewis, Bicknell, Story, Perry, and Hovey. Tho organization having been ' completed, Mr. Hovey stated that in the examination had, it had been proved by testimony unimpeachable, that on the night Miss Moore disappeared the wails and gobbing? of a female had been traced down Hudson or West North-street, nearly to the Ridge road, and he had no doubt if she.had not been killed, she would be found confined somewhere between that point and the Lake. At this point a stranger nppeared.who stated, in substance, that a friend of his saw a woman, supported by two men, proceeding along the same route towards the Lake, at a late hour on tho night in question. Some other information, tending to the same point, was said to be in possession of the committee, but it was deemed advisable to withhold it till tho result of tho search is known. The com pany then repaired to tho railroad crossing on . lludson-stroet, for tho purpose of pursuing the investigation for which they had volunteered. The rosult will lie reported at an adjourned meeting at the City Hall this evening.— Rochester Advertiser. The Know Nothings. — We appropriate several columns of tho Herald this morning to the proceed ings of the lato banquets of the Know Nothings at Boston and Waltham, Massachusetts, in honor of their overwhelming triumphs in tho recent elections in that Statoi To the developoments^mude in the speeches delivered at theso festivals, we invite the attention of our readers of all parties, curious to know something of tho principles and policy of the Know Nothings as a great national party. In this view tho doctrines enunciated and the general policy foreshadowed at Boston and Waltham, will be found to bs not only very inter esting, but vastly important and instructive. — We see no thine; in theso disclosures calculated to excite alarm— nothing to justify the allegations of tho Washington Union, that this new party is in league with the anti-slavery societies against the South — nothing to sustain the charge that the great objects of the Know Nothings are tho expulsion of foreigners born, from tho privileges to whioh they are entitlod under the constitution, and the extermi nation of the Catholics from the country. True, among the speeches at the two meetings under con sideration, wo meet 'with an occasional fling of severe proscription against Catholics and foreigners, and against the institution of Southern slavery ? but the general tone, spirit, and drift of the proceedings in question are remarkably con servative in reference to foreigners born and Catho lios, and ominently consistent with the doctrine of non-intervention upon the vital and paramount ques tion of Soutbern.slavery, as we shall presently show. The essential I'ncfc must not be overlooked in con nection with Know Nothing festivals, that Massa chusetts is the first State in which they have broken down, root and branch, all tho old parties and /ac tions, separately and collectively, in detail and in the lump. The work has been done as effectively for the anti-slavery free soil party as for the whigs or democrats. They haye all been overwhelmed, and tho new party, in the first brush, by a most astounding majority over the combined forces of all tho old parties and factions^ is mas ter of the State. From this result, we seo the, Massachusetts Know-Nothings assuming the load i national politics, as they have the right to do, in he hall of their party as a national organization. Hence tho imnortance of their revelations: thnir principles, and purposes, in connection with the na tional campaign of 1S56 — a campaign which will probably decide tho policy of tho general govern ment, and the lines between tho political parties of the country for many years to come. We liavo said that thero is nothing alarming to Catholics or adopted citiaens in the platform of the Know Nothings, as disclosed in tho speeches at those Mas sachusetts banquets— nothing alarming or dangerous to the South. Mr. Gardner, tho Know-Nothing governor elept, says substantially that the new party is not organised upon sectional* or local principles, but upon national principles. Mr. Simon -Brown, the lieutenant-governor elect, has ' no denunciations for the South.' Ho rccoguiscs, as ' common inte re«ts between us all, Jho elevation of man, und the perpetuity of our institutions.' The proceedings at those festivals are eminently conservative *nd constitutional, foreshadowing a strong national platform for the Presidency. The rough corners and sharp edges of the principles avowed by some of the members of this now party are natural enough under all the circumstances. But thoso sharp edges and rough corners will bo worn off under the friction of public opinion before the election of '50. Suffice it for the present, that the Know Nothings stand' as a bulwark for the protection of tho South against the .Sowsu'd anti-slavery coalition-.-that the Know Nor things know loo much to intorfere with the institution of slavery — that they are arrayed against the .ad ministration and the wretched spoils policy which has brought it so low — that they are in the' field as a now and independent party, against all tho old parties anu lacuons oi munoriu anu.-tue oouiu, anu inactncy have ordained a now order of things, a new organiza tion of; parties, and new men, new measures, ami a new administration at Washington, out and put. As the accumulated debts of the bankrupt speculators and financiers of tho epoch of 1S36-7 wore swept off at a stroke of the pen under the Bankrupt law ; so, from all appearances, will^ the old broken down party hucksters and party'platfor'm's be swept oft' among tho rubbish of the administration' and tho; Seward coalition, by this new party of the Know Nothings. This new party are inthe field—their principles are substantially disclosed — their power is beginningto be understood. Where are tho remains of the whig party, the democratic party, and the Seward anti- slavery party to go ? 'What .will they do ? What can they do P Against the Know Nothings we have the. administration party in the south, and the Seward party in the north. Divided they can do nothing. Will they combine? Let the discussion commence for the camoaign of 1S56. The President's Message. — What will be the tone of the President's Message ? , Peaceful or war like? This is the important question just at this time. Will he take up the Soulc affair, make mince meat of Louis Napoleon and his co-labourers in. Spain, send a bombshell into tho royal palace at Madrid and seize Cuba, or will he take to heart the teaching. of tho lines, Little children should liovor let Thoir angry passions rise, recall Soulc, apologize to the ' nephew of his uncle,' and allow tho Queen of the Autibes in peace to wave the flag of Spain from her ramparts '! It is well un derstood that the Soule affair will form one of ? the principal chapters of the Message, in some shape or othei\ All the old correspondence ? that can be brought to bear upon tho case, all law that touches it, all the facts that reach it, are bsing collected, by all who stand around, the President, from cabinet to clerks, with an industry that indicates something desperate is on liaatl. Even the assistance of senators is requested in this general search for authorities ; and if any one directs to facts applicable to the matter it is ' small favours thankfully received.' But how all this information is to be taken — whether with gunpowder or soda water — is yet matter of conjecture. More likely the former. This coming session is the . last one favorable to the administration, and what it intends to do must bo done now. The Know-Nothings figure too conspicuously in the succeeding session to give the President any hope of wielding it as he may desire. The administration is the ' sick man,' in the last stages of disease ; and as desperate cases demand violent doctoring, the gunpowder may be taken as the last hope. ~M aU.ev.eute, almost every body expects stirring .times this wiiitpv,;und,;appa-. rently a majority speculate on the side of ivar. ? . 