LETTER I. They that go down to tho «ea IQ ships, that do business In crest waters : these gae the works of tho Lord, and His wonders in tbs deep. ForHeoommaodeth.aud raisetbthe stormy wind, whioh llfteth up tb» waves Iherooi. They mount np to the heaven, tbey go dawu again to tbe depths : their soul ie melted because of troubla. They reel to and fro, and stagger like a drunken maa, and are at their wits' end. Then they erv unto tho Lord in their trouble, and Ho brlngetb them out of their distress. ' He maketh the storm a calm, no that the waves thereof ?re still. Then they are glad because they be quiet; so He bringoth them unto their desired havon.-Ptatm ovii. Mi DEAR . . .-You will perhaps remember that be- fore wo'parted it was arranged I should write to you every opportunity which offered during my absence, whether ,on the voyage or after reaching India. I have, however, as you will see, in some degree modified that arrange ' ment; for I have already begun my task even here in Sydney harbour. It is now my design to jot down from day to day every incident or phenomenon, bo it small or groat, frivolous or important, that may happen during tho voyage, in the full assurance that you will be both interested and amusod with whatever it amuses or interests rae to write ; and when the sheet is tilled, ta seal it up to be in readiness to forward as occasion offers. The reason for changing my plan is this. After I had been on board hore in the harbour two days I began to feel an insatiable yearning for something to do, and to experience that restless anxiety and uneasiness to which tho mind in persons of active habits in n state of help- less idleness becomes so subject; and notwithstanding tho extremity of weakness and nervous languor to which my body ' was reduced I longed excessively for some Suitable occupation, which, by engaging my thoughts, would servo to stimulate and sustain tho lessoning glow of my vital powers. Heading refused to supply tho desideratum. I have had recourse to it repeatedly since I carno on board, but it is not tho kind of taskwork - for ny präsent fastidious appetite : it is a sort of exorcise , which I feel to bo too passive for my stato of mental, inertial I want a moving power of another quality. Fortunately in this desideratiyc mood I suddenly recol- lected, with a pleasurable throb of tho heart, as if it knew I had hit upon the right stimulus, a suggestion ! casually thrown out by ono of tho children at the moment Of departure. *' Keep a journal, papa," said a voice, Whioh, tho' at that moment of absorbing interost it hardly mode an impression, has just recurred vividly to my memory. I have accepted the omen ; and intend to obey the gentle mandate by keeping a diary of little occurrences-not for tho world, but for the amusement of those of my own fireside. I already feel that this is the precise light mental occupation 1 have been hanker- ing after ; but did not know that this way lay my course. On board a trading vessel at sea fow in the colony require to be told that life is a very uniform routine of familiar sayings and doings. There is seldom much to note but that you are noting an incessant revolution of diurnal samenesses, as unvarying in general as the notes of the Bell-bird. And, in the present case, auspicating from-what I already hear and Bee every minute, I fear, there will be but a meagre supply of food for useful re- flection . or now combinations of thought. Be it so. Fire can be elicited from stone. I undertook tho trip to profit by chango of scene and circumstance; lam already in the midst of a new life;' and to make things square with my resolution, I am determined to view every circumstance in a cheerful and forbearing temper of mind, whether it be pleasant or grating to my non sibilities. . . . ..' : . ' September 14th.-Here 1 nm, then, afloat in earnest, , in the good ship Francos Walker, bound for Calcutta, with 23 souls on board, men, boys, women,' and children, and already* out of sight bf land; all in high spirits and glowing with hope. The captain in- forms me we are steering a point or two out of bur courso to givo time to a barque whioh hove in sight this' morning to overtake us, believing, as he does, that she is the Sultana, of Sydney; bound for Calcutta, and according to previous arrangement, to bo our companion through the outer passage of Torres 'Strait,' which is the, route decided on ; for our Palinuros states further, that' it is always desirable to have "company, through that dangerous maze of shoals and reefs. , ~' ' t . "Wo loft tho Heads yesterday at 8 o'clock 'n.rhr on* a north-east course. The weather looked dirty, and the nea heaved and sighod as if it was doing penance for its «vil deeds. About a couple of milos off ¡ the land I nmusod myself for . an hour watching ? tho solemn " marting and blowing of several large whales close in shore. Considering all things, I enjoyed a good night's - »st, with only about an hour's interruption. Tho borth allotted me is very small and closo whon -tho door-is «hut,' s step rendered necessary on account of the pierc .. ing night air rushing in upon rho, and also because tho opposite berths ara occupied by the'skipper's family. , Tho closeness of the den and the want of circulation in-' doced so profuse a'flt of perspiration ns to wako me in ., the middle of tho night, in a stato of great exhaustion. . , Hut on opening a small port near the foot of the bod ; tho air*soon b'ocnme cool' and puro, so that I was ena blot!'to pass tho rest of the night in comfortable and ' refreshing sloop. ' X am now on deck (0 h. o.m.) writing these, remarks. Tho weather is cold, with light show ere, and I feel a little " squnumish", as the mat« has it, . but not sick, nor even- without- appetite such as it is. . ' '..».;' . - , - . ' ? - ' ; I . ,We, have . been for some '? hours 'past watching ..the barque and a ship on the samo : tack, and now we can discern also a steamer by her dark smoky train, at a . great distance off the weather beam ; and conjecture is ia tortures to know who she is, whence sha comes, and whithor bound. After much speculation to no purpose, . in order to relieve the agony of ungratified curiosity, we . all come to one conclusion-that she is from Now Zea- land, bound to Sydnoy.'and that the owners know her name.' There thc matter rests till some o'ther aquatic , phenomenon attract the attention, and afford matter for , enlivening conjecture. We soon lost sight of the ship too; and so elating had been the interest excited in us " by watching hör progross for a few hours that when she /. disappeared I felt as if I had just parted from an old I, \, friend on a lonely road. Such aro two of the effects of ,,,solitariness' on tho human heart, journey whore, yon . "trill, hut especially on the great ocean.' "'.'?"' From tliis gossiping sort of commencement of my cor- respondence with home, you may easily foresee what in- flictions yon havo to expect from me in future., But , "these remarks and the objects giving hirth to them, sim . pie and common os they mast appear to yon, afford me » very elevated kind of pleasure, and-operate os a healthy mental exorcise, as far as I dare : exercise an overworked brain and exhansted nervous powers. Be- sides, they will tond to remind yon that all the business of social life is little else than an aggregate of small things collected-in the course: life itv;lf being only a race ofter'trifles, more or les* gilded to suit the taste pr stimulate the concupiscence of him whs ~ runs. Here; though segregated from the ' ' common I herd of pursuers, and the common objects of pursuit, I too am nevertheless impelled hythe same natural im- pulse as other men ta fulfil -my mission In the only way left me ; and I appropriât? tat my me or amusement whatever guttering búhale» the Uoi^pHoe, WçJrcunv «tanca throw ia my way, and render wnportant ta me either hy its intrinsic ranty or my own slate of isolation, Solitude is a cruel modifier of the tastes and affections : with the inexorable onslaught of an iconoclast it reduces the pride and exclusive sentimentalities of mon to the level of necessity or common sense, and forces man on occasions to enter into sweet and intimate fellowship with the" meanest living -forms of our common nature ; when the voracious rat, the wily spider, or the "toad ugly and venomous," becomes the only and affec- tionate companion of the lonely captive ; each no doubt giving and receiving a sincerity and compass of friendship seldom interchanged among the children of men. I think it is Dr. Johnson who /says, " nothing should be considered too little for so little a creature as man." And it is chiefly when he is secluded from the cheerful bustle and embroglio of the busy throng-after the mind has had timo to become tranquillised and tempered to the condition wherein he is placed, and he is at peace with all things-that he can best and at once analyso, and contemplate in their individualities, and find the purest delight-in all objects indifferently which appear bofore him. Nothing comes amiss to the solitary wanderer-a mountain or an anthill, a shark or a flying fish equally fascinates his gaze, interests his curiosity, or enlarges his understanding. To him all things from the monad to the star have a significance, and all things speak intelligibly to his heart; and his heart expands with the fulness of gratitude for the wisdom and beneficence of nature, and he sees and acknowledges God in the minutest of his works. It is then and in that mood he, ' Finds tongues in trees, booka ia the running brooks, Sermons in atones, and good in everything. The barque overtook us yesterday afternoon, and proved to be the Sultana as was expected. She is commanded by Captain Simmer who appears to be a smart Bailor. This is his first command. We are now abreast of Port Macquarie, which is only 00 miles off our lee beam ; latitude, at noon, :>1 degrees 58 minutes ; longitude, 154 degrees 04 minutes 45 seconds. The weather is squally, tho sea rough, the waves "curling their monstrous fronts," and the ship rolling and pitching in the most provoking manner, as if to give a Roman appetite for dinner. I have not yet, however, been sick, but only very queer about tho midriff. 10th. Rose after a sound and refreshing sleep in high spirits, and with a presentiment of returning health, I feel unaccountably joyful, satisfied with everything', and even happy, which I hope is an earnest that my terrible and paaco-destroying disorder is yet curable. No human being, not even you, know the extent and intensity of my sufferings for the last two years ; perhaps they have boen aggravated, and my nervous debility influenced, by the gloomy anticipations which the painful affection of my heart could not but induce even in the strongest and ¿est regulated mind. I have reason to believe, or do I beliovo because I wish? that I am already on the track of the blooming Hygeia : her path is on tho wave as well as on tho " up-land swell," or " meadow green." I feel her breath, I feel her nectarious juices beginning to circle through my veins, and already im- parting strength and vigour to my frame. O, that the rosy nymph would continue in my embrace and restore to rae that treasure, that happiness, that heart which I fear is lost beyond recovery. Forgive this fervid ex- pression of my passion ; you know it was yourself who sent me in pursuit of the damsel, and if I woo her n little ardently for the sake of getting back my heart it is only to have the pleasure of restoring it sound and faithful to you. After passing such a night as the last without sick- ness or even a sensation of nausea, I think I have little to fear from rough weather and a rolling ship for the rest of the run. It has been blowing pretty hard for the last two days ; hut with increased violence during the past night and this morning. I must have slept very soundly ; the Captain assures me tho squalls were terrific, yet I heard nothing of tho " hurly" above head, nor of the roaring and dashing below. Tho wind is from tho south-west. At present (8h. a.m.) the sun ' is shining > brightly in the interval of the showers; and I have been intently en- gaged in observing all tho morning some waterspouts not far from the ship ; and I have at last had thc grati- fication of seeing one not a mile off in its most perfoct stat». Tho water is, or seems to.be, all in commotion under the base of the lower cone, for it consists of two cones united as it were by their apices drawn out into a long stem. To compare great things with small, it is remarkably like a child's penny trumpet. The water- spout seems to me formed by a whirlwind of dense vapour gyring downwards, till its lower end approaches the water which immediately rises in a state of great commotion and noise like the rumbling of an empty barrel ; the upper expands into dark nimbus ; and by this means the pressure of the atmosphere is so much diminished within, that the equilibrium of the water is disturbed and rises above the lovel. I saw others in various stages of formation : in some I thought I could distinctly perceivo the union of an upper and lower portion, namely a cone of water and one of dense cloud uniting and forming thc long intervening stem of the meteor, but my eye might be deceived. The base is always less defined and ample than the funnel-shaped cloud above ; but equally dark : that thero is a swelling of tho water or some other dense matter on its surface under tho lower end before they meet appeared to me beyond a doubt. Latitude at noon 30 degrees 35 minutes ; longitude 155 degrees 58 minutes : ran 170 miles since yesterday. This ovening I heard the scream of the boatswain-bird, a symptom of our approach to the tropic. 'The weather is now (Oh. p.m.) beginning to clear up and look favourable. 17th, Sabbath morning.-What - a delightful change since yosterday. On board, on every side, above and below, it is Sabbath indeed-at once the Sabbath of man and the Sabbath of nature. All is at rest : even the children ore still : the winds have fanned themselves asleep, the waves have . tumbled and tossed into solemn stillness: all around wears the cheerful aspect of peaco and repose, and you would imagine there reigned by mutual compact a truce to the feuds of' the turbulent powers of the air and the ocean in reverence of this sacred day. The spirit of love and harmony and beauty reigns in the heavens and on tho waters, and unites all tho discordant tones ' of nature, into one universal voice of praise' The sun emerges bright and gorgeous from his bed of gold and 'purple and' topaz and ruby; and joins the great ;chorus; and : pendant as it were from tho dome of the firmament, is an arrny of white and fleecy clouds I whereon with a little acopo to imagination you might ¡fancy a sisterhood of listening angels, and even see their 'imagos reflected' from the bright sui face : of the " great water." ? ¡ - - ' ¡ ' ? ' > . >í 1 I feel that I am gaining a littlo strength ; and the pal- pitation is neithpr so violent, frequent, nor.painful ¡ nor is my appetite bad for an invalid: <v I am very happy,- and satisfied with tho choice I have made in preferring a sea 'voyage toa journey by land. Tmakoit a rule here as at home to givo no trouble to any one when I can manage for myself; :bjr this means I preserve my independence. 'But tho Captain's wife and the young Irish woman, her companion and assistant as far as India, uso all their efforts to make my situation comfortable. They are very kind and sclf-donying companions. The day has been extremely pleasant and spent by all on board'with the reverence due to tho sacred festival. Tho wind is rather contrat/, hoing nearly north. 18th. Tho'wind having veered in our favour last night we have boen proceeding ata rapid rate, with a fine steady breeze.' Tho little Sultana keeps pace with us in excellent style, and we float along, keeping close together like two travellers on a perilous journey; and by that sustaining influence exerted on the mind by the consciousness of fellowship in danger, doubt, or distress, the way is shortened, and each imparts to the other a feeling of confidence and security. This morning my most dreaded enemy, : the palpitation, returned with fearful violence, and as usual depressed my buoyant spirits below ' zero, nnd rendered me very miserable all day. We are rapidly approaching the equable tem- perature of the tropic, and it is probable wo shall be between tho two circles before midnight. Latitude, noon, 34 degrees 30 minutes; longitude, ISO degrees 10 minutes 10 - seconds : distance run since yesterday, 230-miles. The . time- on board is very dull and uniform enlivened by neither musical instrument nor song of man or of bird, and we don't see even n whale or a dolphin to disturb the distressing monotony. Now and then the eye indeed is relieved by the sight of a Cape pigeon and a small kind of erratic Albatros which is found in every latitude round tho coast ' of- New Holland ; but there is little to fill up the mental vacuity except reading ; and the books here are not much to my taste at present : in truth, as I have already stated, I have taken a temporary dislike to reading, without being able to assign a solid reason for this strange mood so contrary to the custom of my life.' Yet I am sometimes uncon- sciously drawn by the force of this very habit to some one of my favourite poets, a few of whose works I brought with me, and am surprised to find- myself poring over the grave naturalisms of Wordsworth; the wild and wonderful creations of Shelley; or the majestic poetry of Coleridge. Thus, what between trifling and gravity, I trim the wings of time,'and derive instruction as well as amusement from the operation. ? - 10th.' Tho fine breeze which has been blowing for thé last few days is now "the permanent south-east - trade, winch will henceforth bc our. chief locomotive power, and soon propel . us direct into the . outer pansage of the strait by Raine's Islet, You wfll rejoice to learn that I begin ta feel ' oomi»vaMv*V/ veVajalti, IWL«w»*«W« 1 have riot hurí much to complain ofrespecttt\g W and that fearful sense of instant annihilation which has accompanied tho palpitation, and pressed like an incubus on my happiness and enjoyment of life for years. I cannot only eat heartily, but digest easily, and sleep soundly. "We all go on here very pleasantly together. Mrs. Hay is a good and well disposed person, a Welshwoman-by descent, birth, and warmth of feeling, without the usual firs and fury of the Celt : and you are aware that I om attached to all the septs of that great family ; not because my veins swell with the blood of the race, but because wherever I have met the Kymri, the Gael, or tho Kelt, I have always found them, above all other people, faithful to their clans, and hospitable, kind-hearted, and generous to strangers, even in the midst of deep poverty and wretchedness. Their virtues are from nature ; their distinguishing faults are due to education and political institutions. This good creature is always giving herself concern about my comforts and ray health, " the more anxious," as she expresses herself, " because I am an elderly man and an invalid without tho consolations of a friend to assist me"-and I assure you nothing is wanting on her part, notwithstanding her present condition, to see that I have not a wish unsupplied. The young person before introduced to you, her companion and help, and a faithful and devoted help she is, came out, I under-* stand, to Sydney in the Frances Walker as one of a cargo of female emigrants from Ireland, of Mrs. Chisholm's selection, to make-her fortune as a governess.; Her education is confessedly fer from complete, and only suited for moderate requirements ; and having therefore either failed or become disgusted with her reception she returned, after haifa year's trial of the country, to Sydney; and Anding the Frances Walker again in tho harbour she went on board, and has gone in ber several voyages, assisting Mrs. Hay in ber domestic affairs, and deeply attached to her from pure affection. She-is «ow proceeding to India to try her fortune there. I joke her about going to market for a husband. She is, as I have said, sincerely devoted to her hostess ; and I cannot help thinking there is something essentially romantic in the girl's character, from the fact of her sacrificing all her pros- pects on land-for she is, although not handsome, attrac- tive and clever, and well fitted to fill many respectable situations- in order to roam from place to place in a miserable trading ship, "as she has done for many months post, from sheer attachment to one of her own sex. She takes all tho management of Mrs. Hay's two children upon herself, and descends even to the lowest menial offices to lighten the burden of ber friend, and that without the slightest prospect, or wish for pecuniary recompenso: Her's, I assure you, is no common picture although I have made but a sorry daub of it ; but if it is emblazoned by no meretricious colouring, it is moro, it is enriched by the kindly, pure and glowing affections of an Irishwoman's heart. I have experienced her little acts of tenderness and compassion in my weakness, and I can only repay them by recording them here that yon may share in my grateful feelings towards Miss Shir]oek my only' fellow passenger; ...*.« The crew are orderly, quiet, steady men.. Latitude at noon 22 degrees 7 minutes ; longitude 157, degrees 52 minutes : ran 100 miles sinco yesterday., . 21st. ' You will have seen by the latitude of tho. 10th - that wo are a good way within the tropic of Capricorn. We glide along, the ship and the barque, in pleasant and social intercourse as if we were next door neighbours,, full nf hope and delightful anticipations, although Torres Strait is represented to be one of the most dangerous and desert parts in the whole expanse of the ocean. We have now reason to feel we are in a tropical climate. The heat is sensibly increasing as we proceed. The mornings and evenings aro moderately cool indeed, but tho days are exceedingly warm. My health seems to improve as the temperature increases. I have already been obliged to have recouvso to lighter clothing t but upon the whole the temperature is tolerable and tho weather heavenly. There is a constant summory haze on the horizon which excites in the mind the idea of a greater degree of heat than we really experience. I, at last, feel an impulse and a desire to read : it comes upon me like a now and delightful sensation that promises unwonted enjoyment., This, I think, is another good omen. My companions ore now congratulating me on the more healthy glow which they say begins to appear in my countenance : I also incline to be more active, and have a firmer tread; all which are clear indications of a higher tone of health.. You may, perhaps, smile . at my noting those egotisms and frivolities; but I'record them because -the: perusal of them -will tend to < bring us as it were together again, to cheer and '? consoló "you; and give a warmer glow >. to : your hopo3 : of my recovery. '* . .'-( . ;. - ? . . ?....» . .>???.? . - Whatever,- therefore, my mound-, erings might appear to the world, if-the world: were- in the secret, I flatter myself you will consider them both dear and important, and will ' derive'confidence even from their good intention. '".''.,'.'*.'.''.."" ., . Remember what a distance I am from - you, the first time we have boen ' parted" for five-and-twenty years; and that it is that very distance and separation which make me lovo to ramble back through the flowery ' meadows and bosky dells of the old times, and renew' our younger communings and endearments whenT used to provo-. -.; ., -. oi "The labours of thy love, ..?-< i " And the warm efforts of thy gentle heart, ... , Anxious to please." .'-. ., . : .,,.'' '. But whither am I roaming? , I.fear I am really in my, dotage. Well, if it bo_ so, lot mo dote on in the same, happy and innocent delirium, provided only ,the ." Great" Spirit" prolong your - life,- that you . may- continue.". the object of my senile reveries; as you were of my juvenile love. ' - -.!."?. i-./. i ! . . (...-':.'. I T" r* ' We are moving forward nt a considerable .'rate. The sailors aro busily 1 engaged-' '(in1 ' furbishing . < and preparing tho 'ship'H artillery to be - in readiness, ns is alleged, for nny attack or'surprise we may ' be exposed to from tho natives about the'Strait, for it is full of islands. I suspect, however; in making these preparations they rather hove an eye to the probability of a wreck and of being on that account obliged to laud on somo of -those I islands, or on either of the' inhospitable shores of New Holland, orFapua, the inhabitants of which are certainly ! not Pythagoreans. Thank God there is hardly as much flesh on my bones : as-would make .the chops of tho hungriest cannibal water;'so that I "da not despair of escaping tho spit, even if we aro to be eaten. To roast, mo ' would be to lose their dinner. ; I guess, therefore, I they will knock me tin the head ( at ; once, and pick my bones without roasting. - -What an ignoble end, Ito -be eaten 'by a' mob 'of starving savages. But don't ¡bo alarmed. .If you receive this letter yon .will: Ibo, in possession of -indubitablo-proofs- that I have j escaped the ^sharp ; teeth bf the anthropophagists of ? Torres. Straits.; '. Noan, latitude 17 degrees 25 minutes'; 'longitude, 150 degree's 40''minutes* 50 seconds": ran'170 ; miles in the tweiityrfour hours; -, ' <"''"' j So far; our course, with all its circumstances, has, i been fortunate;, and if tho same j success continuo: to,, .attend us, the-skipper, says, we shall be in the Strait , in three days, thus making an unprecedented run. -Tho ; commander of the Sultana lias been on board,'and dined with us. He is nn agreeable young man, and looks as if ho know his duty and wore earnest about it; and i though .this is his first trip by this route, he appears to : havo full confidence' in himself, which is so far ? virtuo in a seaman, and in his case'it seems tem- perad with "proper notions'" of "caution: I~ somehow ' feel, but I am silent on the cause, that I would rather ' entrust myself to his guidance'and skill, young as he is, than to him of the Frances Walker. We .are tho slaves of bur affections-and antipathies without knowing why, or having the power' to' control, them. . They appear to be instincts r and I cannot help thinking that our. mys- teriously irresistible obedience to either, is but another name for DESTINY. We are.now, to use à solecism, on dangerous"ground', Certain'white'marble blocks'of great extent lia scattered about in this direction to which we have no wish to bid good morrow. Wo are how in the Coral Sea. . \': ' ' /.' '" -''} . 23rd. Every morning I wake to .brighter visions both of the world, within , and tho world without. ' I feel an internal indication-.'of returning, health: I."am buoyed up by an elevating gladness of soul to which I hove been a stranger for 'years; my_very heart swells with increased " love of God arid- love of man ;" año*, throbs both with steadier and sturdier ^strokes, whilst I am encompassed by'all tho elements of health and of hap." piness without.' My.lungs-,¿re filled with pure and salubrious" air, my' temples 'are' fanned by," refreshing breezes, 'the mind is exhilarated by the glory and beauty of surrounding objects, the gorgeous rising and setting bf the sun.; the clear azure,skies; the sea almost at rest yielding occasional glimpses of its finny people sporting about the ship.like wanton kids; and raising the eye and tho mind above lesser objects, there is Hie grand Cosmorama of God's boundless universe, above, below, and around, based as it were on the illimitable ocean, that grandest type of eternity, ever in motion, without beginning" " or ending, . kissing ". the horizon - in peaceful sublimity. . All - my . sensations : are iii harmony with :this - state of things, and I feel every day more satisfied with mysettfor having decided bu ' seeking health on the deep blue sea :- . 'IP health ! thou sun of life without whose beam . ' The fairest scenes of notare seem Involved . . t . » - In darkness, shine upon my dreary path <s. 0°«:«T°T ; or, with thy faintest dawn, give hope ' That Lnury yet enjoy thy vital ray. P - i . Though transient be the hope, 'twin be mort sweet ' . JUke midnight mnsic, stealing on the ear " . ~ Then gliding past, and dying slow away."' E»erjr da» mi every night, andi whenever I ba*«. th» opportunity ot concentrating vay thoughts, 1^ mount on « imagination's airy wing," amt in my flight attempt to penetrate the thick cloud which distance throws around all those objects especially,'which we hold most dear and wish to have ever before us ; thus, I pay you daily men- tal visits, but alas ! I can only see yon as you were, not as you are; and then the spell is broken; and the heart sinks to the common level of painful realities that tell me I am alone. I dare say you take the same flights of fancy and try to picture the scene of which, naturally enough, your husband must be to you the most prominent figure. But you will hardly make a true sketch of it. Recollect that " distance lends enchantment to tho view ;" beware then of falso colouring-there is such sameness in a sea life out of sight of land that you may easily catch the subjeot without thejaid of fancy's pencil. One day is the exact type of the succeeding, within the tropics under the benign influence of the trade winds, unless it be varied by some unusual and unexpected occurrence ; the delicious breezes, tho soft luxurious summery haze that envelopes all naturo like a veil of gossamer, toning down all her harder and harsher features, the cloudless sky, the noon day task of taking sights, the calculations, the same crowd of canvas, and the same trim of the sails day and night, the periodical heaving of tho log, the laugh and the cry, and the lullaby of tho children, tho sharp chime of the hourly bells, the noon- day scream of the steward's ''grog ho !" the sailors quietly occupied in their various tasks, and the periodic meal .hours returning with the regularity of lunar phases, to ? break the wearisome uniformity, are an abstract of the subjects and objects daily presented on which to rest the eye or lead to new processes of thought. Being the painter I have no position in the picture ; but you have only to let imagination add, for once, an elderly grey-headed man usually sitting on the poop, alternately engaged in reading or contera plating the things of time or of eternity, suggested every moment by the ever-changing sea in its pleasing and its terrible mutations, its elevating ideas, images and analogies. Such is the everyday scene on board a moderate sized trader, without the blessing and the blessed effects of society. Were the writing of these notes, indeed, only a self imposed task or a pleasing pastime personally considered, I should have ceased -the amusement long ago. But convinced that a daily record of the progress of my health alone, without any other attraction, will not only be expected of me, but looked for .by you with the deepest anxiety, I feel myself bound by a positive moral obligation to meet your wishes with heart and soul, and although I conjecture my work will continuo to . bo what it has heretofore been a. wearisome repetition. of dull monotonies and small egotistic gossipings-I will persevero in tho performance of this as one of my most pleasing of patriarchal duties, 23rd. «Tho weather continuos delightful ; but tho temperature gradually rises as we approach the equator; and this renders - my very confined sleeping apartment a little uncomfortable . I dare not sleep on deck on account of my susceptibility of rheumatism. In all other respects I am as comfortable and happy as my situation Will admit, . . . , * ' * It is, or may appear to you, rather a gloomy and disheartening affair,.to have tb make preparation for the likelihood of "being wrecked in Torres Strait. We are each recommended to have ready a small bagful of'such things as aro absolutely necessary, to throw into the boats in case we be obliged to take to them in haste, should the ship strike on a reef. Several small casks of water and some provisions are already lying on deck in anticipation - of the possible catastrophe. It appears, however, that on these occasions there is no risk of life, but only of the ship, which you will justly conclude is quite enough iii such a place. People in this predicament, they tell me, have only to betake . themselves to the boats .With all decent speed, and they are generally sure to be -picked up by vessels passing ; but then, as tho skipper, now pleases to avow his surmise, we are probably the last ships on this route for the season 1 Candour would have prompted a moro conscientious man to have given expression to this surmise before the ship left the harbour. It is too late now, however, to take the: matter to heart; but move on, . and do the best we can,under the'circumstances, and be prepared for emergencies. He assures mo every pre- caution is taken both to avoid misadventure, and to make the best of it should any disaster' occur. ' But as our minds ought to be braced up for mishaps, rand ready to meet them with fortitude and intrepidity, BO ought we to be prepared to make that misfortune aa light as it can be rendered by prudence and foresight while it is in our power. ; Calamity, comes with double .force when it takes us by surprise., for myself I ontertoin no fears on the subject. Nothing ought to be left to chance.' '.' O fortune 1 thou hast no divinity, if there le prudence : but we make thee a goddess and place thee in heaven.'! Latitude at noon, 13 degrees 60 minutes ; longitude, 140 degrees 18 minutes, 30 seconds : distance run. since yesterday 170 miles. You will see by our daily log how' uniform hal been the ship's progress, urged along by these steady and delightful winds ; so designedly adapted by Providence for the benefit of civilized man in all the relations of his restless life. We are now -three hundred miles from the entrance of the Strait, and looking forward with considerable anxiety for Monday, forenoon, when it is expected wo shall be on the threshold; but there is nevertheless a probability that ' tho wind may become light and baffling ns we approach York Peninsula, and retard usa day or so; because, as my Mentor informs me, it is a matter of necessity with mariners passing this way to sail only by day and lie-to at night, as the passages among the coral banks cati only be seen distinctly enough to be steered' through with safety by day. I assure you it is quite au. affair with us, like preparation for a ball or a wedding with you, the talking and providing for tliis episode in voyaging-it is, however, a break in tho -' dreary uni- formity of the course-it is a distant spec in the desert ?on which the wearied eye rests both with: anxiety and hope; and we approach it with that kind of subdued 'gladness which is still haunted with the. ghost of a doubt. . ? - '-.'?? 34th. Sabbath again ! the second since -1 left my happy home, and yet how ' distant in so short a time from all my domestic world. The wind has been light all night and continues so this morning; so that it is not now likely we shall reach Raine's Islet at the mouth .of the Strait tili Tuesday. The force and constancy of : this fine breeze aro greatly modified by their proximity to the coast. Noon, latitude 13 degrees -4' minutes ;.' longitude 147 degrees 3 minâtes; thermometer in the shade 83 degrees Fahr.: ran 145 miles in the last 24' houra. We saw ? yesterday the first ' land-bird since leaving Sydney, a large hawk called by tho sailors the man-of-war hawk. We are approaching land of some kind. . . '' ?'??? 30th. Nothing can exceed tho beauty of this morning. The sun nearly perpendicular; tho heat.no doubt, severe' on land, but hero ' tempered, by tho trade wind rushing from colder 'latitudes; 'the sea ? calm''and'smooth as a mirror; and the-'clear' ethereal-'sky dotted hero and" "there',. with" a.'wliito".*~fleecy..cloud,"_the horizon " softened by an indescribable . light downy haze;.and tho two ships gliding along like' swims with snowy wings' over the glassy surface by the power of " the viewless ' wmds," forna a scene moro 'enchanting than the finest'of your terrestrial paradises , with all their vegetation shrivelled up by eternal drought and periodical hot winds. ". ".> ' '.',' I I may now say, with deep gratitude to Heaven; that I begin to enjoy something like thé renascence' of health. I have not for two days past" had' ari unfavourable, J symptom, arid although,I have rio strength, I really havo not' a complaint,' and feel as though I wonted something to grumble at.- I have been 'so long familiar with suffering, that I feel a want which' I cannot better describo than by calling it a deprivation of tho pleasures of pain. Noon, latitude 32 degrees 30 minutes; longi- tude .144 degrees (50 minutes-making fa1 run-of 118 since miles yesterday. ? .: -, We .are now only sixty miles from - the open- ing into the Strait, which it is expected we shall approach this evening, and then heave-to : for tho night at a safe distance, to bo ready to commence threading, this laby- rinth of Naid's howers, and coral cells, shallow epitaphs of shipwrecks, and foaming surf, to-morrow morning. We are all excitement and anxiety; but I don't know why there should bo either the one or the other. - I have often been in difficulties at sea and in dangerous posi- tions there, but I nover either saw or experienced anything like the amount of solicitudo and instinc- tive uneasiness that prevails on the present occasion. We are like bees before a thunder storm, in a terrible " fyke," and I am dragged into the same humour by pure sympathy. Every one, however/is, or appears to be, in excellent spirits. For myself, to speak the truth, with every desire to be cheerful, and without a substantial reason for being otherwise, l am troubled with a sort of mental cloud-an incubus weighing upon my heart and obscuring the usual brightness of my hopes. I cannot tell why it should be so with me; my health is better than it has been for many months ; and the weather seems to promise fair. The captain of the Sultana is now (3 o'clock PJIO on boord, having a parley with him of the Frances Walker, about their .future proceedings, ¿nd with reference to the] hour of heaving-to, - also to the time of - proceeding -to ' the mouth of the strait to-morrow morning; and they have shortened sail to clog the wheels of ' timeliest he should wheel us there too soon. It is their desire to be ready to enter at early morn, but not sooner; and the time for heaving-to is arranged tobe eight o'clock to- night ; this it the proposition of Captain Rimmer. * . I now proceed (10 h. pjn.) to makoup these fajes into a pact»*. IQ he forwarded ta Sydney the nwt opportunity that turora j but I must «dd, in parsing, that we have not yet close hauled, aa Hay changed his I mind, and hailed the Sultana to say that he «ill run on till 12 o'clock to-night before he heaves-to, giving some reason or other for altering the arrangement. This intensely selfish, egotistic, and dictatorial man is not, in my opinion, the most suitable companion for a young navigator like Kimraer. Twelve o'clock (midnight), we have just hove-to within nine or ten miles of the' entrance to tho Strait, as the captain reports; and I am now going ts turn in for. a. short snooze, having remained on deck till this hour. I am very tired and hope to enjoy a sound sleep .although I cannot conceal that. I am moody and uneasy,-yet with' pleasing anticipations :. my mind is like an English win- try doy, all clouds and sunshine. . ; ; . ' These notes will be less interesting to you as you will not receive them till after the present reputed danger is over. Perhaps, indeed, » he whole run to Calcutta will be accom- plished before the packet reach yon.' I now come to " a close, seeing that when clear of the Strait I may have either a sudden opportunity of forwarding-it by some homeward-bound ship, and because I may have 'no opportunity of writing more for some time ¡ for we are certainly entering the portals of a treacherous seal . . * May Qod be with you and the children; and be assured, that whatever befall me, my last thoughts will be of home. _ - .'' ( To be continued.) . ? ' 