FISHBOURNE IMPRESSIONS OF' CHINA. (From the Spectator.) Captain Fishbourne served for some time in China, and his impressions of the Celestials contain useful and rather striking matter, was laid by the groundless hopes and headlong reasonings of a sanguine man engaged in riding a hobby. Spite of facts which have passed before his eyes, it is the opinion of Captain Fishbourne that the present insurrectionary movement in China bids very fair for the sum cess of ProtestanfChiistianity. The principal leader, indeed, if all is true that is reported of him, professes to be a brother of Jesus, and to have divine revelations, which to European ideas pass even beyond blasphemy. A second chieftain, Yang, openly proclaims himself to be the Holy Ghost. If the rebels have a complete translation of the Bible, which seems doubtful, it is GutzlafF's,-avoision objected to by some scholars. Captain Fishbourne him- at If adduces cogent teas or for questioning the possibility of translating the more pace early Christi in part of the Scriptures into Chinese till the ideas connected with Christian theology became more familiar to the Chinese mind : " Owing to the symbolic character of their written language every new idea must have a new symbol, or a part of the old idea will be imported into and mixed up with any new idea that maybe represented by an old by tubal; and this will be to us in part where the now 13 much is made up of i Id symbols : thus, whsM they wished to express a as, they combine two old Bytubola, as I understand,- that which Minda for man,' and that which expressed . tees ;' implying, that the soul was the seeing principle of' man ; yet this is only an approxi- mation to our idea of soul; this expresses only what we understand of mind " " Christians are not yet agreed upon the ear not word for rendering God. Our class uses ' ship of trars insist that this means simply a spirit, and is applied often to face gods; both ft (Bo parties, however, are at on in saying that the form used by the Roman Catholics * Tieu-chu'-is very defective." Captain Fishbourne describes the morals of the insurgents as strict; their manner more open and manly than that of Chinese in gone ia!. It would appear that their arrogant of and self-sufficiency are quite as great as those of the present Tartar rulers, with the Notion of a K ligious superiority super-added. From what t ver source they have got it, the Papal ideas of universal dominion is present to their minds; and thong h disposed to receive us as follow religionists, it is somewhat in the light of younger brothers, bound to render respect, if -net tribute. Even our author allows that if the insurgents succeed, this disposition may be more difficult to deal with than the same feeling in the present rulers, who have had some of it clubbed out of them. It must not be forgotten that charges of licentiousness and tippling have been brought against one of their leaders. An Imperial address, states that a prisoner, said to be the mysterious Tienta, confessed that Tapping was moreover addicted to wine and debauchery, having with him tim tyranny women." It is possible that the charge is an Imperial Hjandal and the horror of "thirty-six" as affectation from a sovereign who keeps five hundred. Still, the number of " female chamberlains " looks suspicious, and reminds one of the veiled prophet of Smith, and other religious impostors. ' Dr. Bridgeman, who is better qualified than Captain Fishbourne to judge of the theological opinions of the rebels, from his residence in China, his knowledge of the language, and his professional studies, is far less sanguine and more judicious in his estimate: " Their government is a theocracy, the development apparently of what is believed by them to be a new dispensation. As in the case of the Israelites under Moses, they regard them sel was as directed by one who has been raised up by the Almighty to be the executor of his will on earth. They believe their body politic to be under the immediate direction of the Deity. Sometimes their leaders, they say, are taken up to heaven and sometimes the Heavenly Father comes down to them. a * Christians they may be, in name; all! they are in very deed iconoclasts of the s trio test order. They have in their possession, probably, the entire Bible, both the Old and New Testa- ments; and are publishing what is usually known as GntzlafTa version,' of the saints. I have said, therefore, that in some sort ' they may recognise its doctrines. How far their error a also to be attributed to errors or defects in that version is a question which I must not here discuss. Their ideas of the Deity are exceedingly im- per foot. Though they declare plainly that there is only One To the God,' yet the inspira- tion of the Holy Scriptures, the equality of the Son with the Father, and many other doc- trines generally received by Protestant Christians, in being clearly revealed in the Bible, are by them wholly ignored. True, they have formulae in which some of these doors guns I'd fight ; but then these are borrowed formula and they have used them without clouds by using their true impors." The iinagc-breakiug.noticed by Dr. Bride man is of no particular moment as approx Protestantism. The Chinese have no £1 gion, as we understand the word. Any Ci! ninan would break an image if he had to! live for doing it, and were secured from a. sequences' that might arise. The insurge Jiro unquestionably innovators. They do at wear the long tail, and in various ways the] e oppose themselves to established modes, Tas profess a strict moral code; avoidingoniij, smoking, spirit drinking, and all impure which the lower orders may carry out to same extent. From several accounts they sent lines adopted communistic principles as ;. games goods. However, we know it jo) littVi their practices and opinions to speak with tardy as to particular facts, much Isa -to, draw general conclusions. The great object of Captain Fishbourne work being to uphold the idea that the conversion of China to genuine Christianity probable, if not imminent, a large portion is, devoted to opposing or explaining away my facts as we have already alluded to. This is attempted by arguments by no means cages in themselves by tedious and now and as stale quotations from the published produc tions attributed to the insurgents. ThUtinj of matter predominates far too much in the volume, and is neither selected nor armed with judgment. The reader is called upon) wade through a good deal of matter with obtaining a fair view of the question, orr quiring information proportioned to ft drudgery. Neither are some of the captain general accounts of the Chinese, formal basis for his subsequent arguments, of a rq fresh kind. We knew already much of it he tells us. It is otherwise with his original observes During his service in China, has visited the ports that are open to Europeans by train, He was at Changes in command of the Horan during the advance of the rebels upon NtoH and their occupation of the place. He is thus a witness of much that was going on bit among natives and Europeans. Ho cstril Sir George Bonham up the Chiang kiangA to communicate with the rebel chief, at Jin lin, seeing much and hearing more on the voyage. He was at Amoy when it was one 1 led by another class of insurgents, to the objects and principles lots attention scenes have been paid, but who are known by li nuns of the "Triads, or Short Swords ciety." A body of these got possession o(rt place with a total loss of about a dozen fire some of the deaths being accidental, Ti Imperialists retired before the Short Sur people, and, though reinforced, made a attempt to retake the city, till the rebels still free from want of ammunition and pot arena. Although not under such strict die plane as the followers of the Son of Here they behaved pretty well. On the re-entry the Imperialists with certain pirates win they had taken into pay a scene of horn! butchery began : " Having engaged pirates, the authority i ci mmitted to them to sanction the stand that these would certainly commit and so that were not sufficient, they encouraged him to more than they might otherwise be inclb to, for they promised them six dollars per head they would bring in- .' On the entry of these savages, their thing they did was to disperse in every (ty then in search of heads, regardless of anything save that the people who possessed them thou be helpless; it mattered not to them that IN were equally infirm and unoffending : they li Wads these they wanted. P. All found were brought to the Chin Admiral ; whose vessel was close to nan saw all that was passing. He then in mandate for their desire to Di). At first it' 11 gain by taking their heads off at the Fijis ii g pier ; this soon was fully occupied the executioners becoming fatigued, the ni proceeded slowly; therefore an additional commenced taking their heads off on li) ride s of the boats. This also proved far in for them, and they commenced to favor us tm overboard, tied hand and foot. But he was too much for Europeans ; so missioDirif, mt reliants, sailors, marines, and officers rushed in and stopped further proceeding The mandarins, executioners, staff and took themselves off' very quickly, for fan cense (mences they could not calculate o J 1 at which they felt they had richly defeats four hundred poor creatures were saved But de (traction; two hundred and fifty of these wounded, some with twenty, others Even, if mere dangerous wounds. Some had their his nearly severed, about thirty died. Them ii in his then removed their scene of butter a mile outside the town and during the two days after having obtained possess they must have taken off upwards of ten thousand heads, or otherwise destroyed The number of people. For days bodies is floating about the harbor, carried outside tide and brought back by another, machine not quite so far, so that finally they were | disposed of by being taken to sea. Man; vin m sentence of death was not passed 1 their noses slit or cut off ; others the eau toil, or nailed to a post in the sun, and sent). to the injury and insult of the less ill-shaped I mons " I could not fail to see that this treatment < excited the sympathy of many of the put by and on one occasion that the ill- treatment of one of them nailed to a p st called an upon the individual an execration that in! him instantly desist and walk off. The 01 feeling the brutal pirates evinced was the c disappointment at being deprived (as lb Paid) by us of three thousand dollars." The volume concludes with a, sum -view of the position of the bolIigerenM t he best course for the English to follow. 1 little we thought the author was about to ii Mte a treaty of alliance with the insurgent in return for assistance as he is confident that they will finally succeed. He lands, houses in smaller but more practical conclusions. B Ik Ida that we ought not to pay any days' disregarding both parties, push our trade will ever there is an opening. . To my mind our course is plain, water have nothing to do with either party till W have decided the question of empire, or one has arrived at that point when M au assistance were to injure China by allowing diEorganisstion to continue longer. Being virtually without a treaty, we have no difficulty in disregarding the laws equally with the insurgents whom we jw recognized, and should push our trees every direction, up to Shanghai Pechell, where our woollens and naval would meet with a ready though time Bale for the present: we might have amongst other things in exchange. "Up the Yang-tso-kiang-ceitainly«' as Lanchow, the emporium of Chins. ns we have access thus far into the interior, I cannot expect a sale for either our menT or machinery, nor an extensive sale for our Ion cloths. With this we may obtain bow abundance, at a reasonable rate ; m»*"?"», willextendtho Bale of our products. weary push it at every port." 