THE TEMPERANCE ENTERPRISE. A lecture cm this important question was delivered yesterday evening, by the llev. J". Dare, in Xeales' Corn Exchange, to a numerous and respectable audi ence. W. Giles, Esq , AI.L.C., presided, and was sup ported by T. Reynolds, Esq., AI.L.C., AY. Owen, Esq., Messrs Crabb, Barlow, AV. Cole, &e.; A temperance hymn having been sung, The Chairman brielly introduced the Lecturer in an address, in which he lamented the evil power and in fluence possessed by drunkenness over the human race. The llev. J. Dare then came forward, and was re ceived with cheering. He remark .si that he came there with the view cf laying before theur the ovi:s of intemperance, and the claims of the temperance enter prise. Aft-, r alluding to the fact that temperance so cieties were not of recent origin, the first h:r. ing bc-ru formed in Germany in lot7 J that others followed, and that the %.st in England was established hi lCuO, in the form of a Moderation Society, he said the modera tion principle not affording a rem.e.ly for the evil, a Total Abstinence b ,cioly was formed in Paisley i:i 1832\. The distinct and. specified objects of chat society, and others founded on its model, vrcro to re claim the drunkard, and prevent others fulling into the snare, for it was known and acknowledge I that drunkenness was the shame of tire people, the blight of the country, and the great blot on the Church. The Lecturer taea pro ceeded eloquently to point out the m-..ral and physical mischiefs which had been caused by uruuken ness, and the reasons which actuated total abstainers in adop'ing the principle ; and after enquiring what re medy could be found other than hue application of practical abstinence from intoxicating drinks, proceeded to affirm and recommend total abstinence as agu.m.nu for many miseries which at'.ended the human Amity In a vigorous depiction of the so a: a! position of the drunkard, the lecturer obtained frequent appiaum as in drawing the homely scenes of cvery-day kfr, he touched the hearts feelings of his audience. His ap peal to the young to avoid the evils oi intuxic.hdm, was marked by vivid mi l forcible colouring, mi .1 apt illustration. lie urged that total abstinence vs.; safe and expedient. "Take heed," said Sr. Paul " lest your liberty should become a stumbling-block. Lot them view the matter as that inspired servant of God had done, and if the taking of incut caused a brother to offend let them avoid it. This expediency exerted for the salvation of others, formed one of the principles on which the Society was based ; and acting upon that principle, he believed they were doing right and wisely. They were saving their brethren from premature death, from social misery and from eternal suffering. A\T s it right? A\ras it their duty to do all they could for the happiness of their fcllow-mcn ? It was then their duty to abstain; it was right according to revelation, accord ing to the noblest feeling possessed by human nature. But the evil was spreading in the colony - what was to be done ? In 18-51 there were no fewer than 1123 males and 1S9 females imprisoned for drunkenness. If this fact was not sufficient to call for their sympathy, Lr their earnest and united aid, he could say no more. Such being the object, and such the principles, of the Temperance Society, he would conclude by crying to them, in the words of Holy AVrit, " Help, men of Israel! help !" A collection to defray expenses was made, after the Lecturer had resumed his seat; and Mr Barlow moved a vote of thanks to the Rev. Gentleman for his excel lent address. AV. Owen, Esq , seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. A brief acknowledgment, made by Air Dare, was followed by the singing of a temperance hymn; and the proceedings were brought to a conclusion by an unani mous vote of thanks to the Chairman, on the motion of Air Revnolds. A Royal Ghost Story. — The Maycnce Journal contains the following letter, dated Aschaffen burg, 27th of October, under the head of "the Black Lady," a pendant to the legendary " AVhite Lady" of the Berlin Palace, whose apparition ;s believed to announce the approaching death of some member of the Holicnzollern family : — " The Queen Theresa of Bavaria died of cholera at Alunich on the 26lh, as already known. I hasten to communicate to your readers the following highly interesting and affecting details, of which I can guarantee the exact veracity : — On the 6th of October, between 8 and 9 o'clock in the evening, two Princes of the Bavarian Royal family, equal in birth and relationship, were seated at tea in a room of the Ascliaffenburg Palace. A folding door divides this room from another apartment, and a smaller papered door separates it from the ante chamber usually occupied by the domestics in waiting. Of a sudden the latter door opened, and a lady covered with a black veil, entered and made a low courtesy be fore the two illustrious personages. One of the Princes, no little astounded, asked the lady if she were invited to tea, and, pointing to the folding door lea ling into the tea- room (where the Queen and ladies were assembled), gave her to understand that she should enter. No reply, and the lady vanished through the small papered cloor. Botk the illustrious personages were extremely agitated by this wonderful apparition and its mysterious disappearance. One of them imme diately hastened to the ante-chamber, to inquire of tiie servants about the mysterious ffgure. No ore had seen it come or go except Asvat, Queen Theresa's body hussar, who had met it in the passage. Xo other trace could be discovered. Both the illustrious persons nar rated what had occurred, and it soon came to Queen Theresa's cars, and she was so overwhelmed thereby that she became greatly indisposed, and wept during the whole night. The journey to Alunich was fixed for the following day. All the luggage and half the servants were already on the road. To remain longer at Ascliaffenburg was scarcely possible Queen Theresa was filled with the most sorrowful forebodings. She asked several times if it were not possible to remain here. It would be too painful for her to quit Ascliaffenburg this time. The mysterious and ominous Black Lady glided constantly before her imagination. Somewhat calmed, at length, by judicious observations, she at last sorrowfully commenced the journey, which it was not possible to postpone. But still, at Alunich, where she was at first indisposed, but recovered, her mind was preoccupied with the apparition of the Black Lady, of whom she spoke to many persons with trem bling apprehension. She was sought- to be consoled by saying that the sentries on duty had seen the lady enter the Palace. But all was in vain. The idea tiiat the apparition of the ffgure had a sinister foreboding for her life never quitted her mind. Twenty days alter the mysterious evening Queen Theresa lay a corpse in the AA'ittelbaeher Palace. Your readers are at hoerty to judge of the incident as they please. I must, how ever, solemnly protest against suspicions being thrown upon the exact truth of those facts, derived from the highest authority, as I took the abova narrative ver batim from the statement of the best-informed persons before I had the slightest suspicion of the Queen's death. The two illustrious persons narrated the cir cumstuiees of the' apparition minutely to several per sons, so that the whole town heard of it the next morn ing, and on the same evening the whole personnel of the Palace and the soldiers on duty were strictly examined, and requested to state all they knew of the matter—a good proof that the occurrence cannot be set down among ordinary nursery talcs." A Murderer's Doom.—AVe learn tliat the body found on the wreck of the A'alentine Ilcllicar, i3 supposed to be that of the murderer Smith, who some short time back stabbed his master at AYillungu. 