MiUNICIPAL COUNOIL. MhONDA, Nov, 20. Present, the Mayor, nud Aldermen Fawns, Crookles, A Illson, Sherwin, and Dowling. The Town Surveyor gave in a detailed estimnat of the slipposed cost of formiag and making tihe upper end of George- street, nlaoutintg in the whole to 1102/. 10s ad., tile labor belug performed by men undcr punishment. After somo discussion, It was determined that with the limited funds at the disposal of tihe council and the claims of moreinlm portantthoroulghfarcs, the work could not. be undertaken at present. The report of the market connmittoo having been brought up, that portion of it was adopted which related to retniltng the market In tile hands of tithe council anti ap pointing a clerk; and a now proclamation will accordingly be issued. AMnATEu DRAMATIC CLUn.-Thllo menm bern of this club gave another performance last night, which was well attended. The 'Poor Gentielllman" was repeated, with the salne cast of characters as before. AIr. Barnes was very successful it Ills imper sonation of thie Lieutenant, and Mr. Buchanuuan looked and acted the old Baronet with more than his former success. The old privileged domestto was happily per sonated by lMr. Nelson. Mr. Cohen's coantrymtnt was loudly applauded. • Tie rCttlitg Ollipod was well acted by Mr. Itoctcr, and Mr. Turibull, as Frederick, was better than before. The afterpiece-a laughable ntusical burletto, entitled "Amno roso"-was a decided lilt. ELEcTtIC TELEGRAPH BETWEEN LAUN ESBTON AND THEB IcEADS.-A meetintg of gentlemen Interested in mercantile affairs was heold at thie Franklin Lodge, yesterday afternoon, to discuss a proposition for establishing an electric telegraph between Launceston and Low Head. The Mayor was il tihe chair, and after a conversation respecting the probable cost of the work, a committeo consisting of the chahirman nud Mlessrs. Cleveland and Peters, was ppbih ed to coriespond with the govern neat WIth the view of ascertaining how far, and Ih what manner they would be wi.lling to co-operate., IHAIrPTON ersus FenTON.-The judges delivered their opinions it this case on Tuesday, pronouncing against the defen dant. The judgmeint of tile Chlef Justice was very elaborate, and (we gather front a first and hasty perusal) denies in tote the powers claimed by the house. Mir. Justice tlorne, whilst assenting to thatjudgment, objects to tie proc~ss of reasoning by which his learned colleague arrives at his decision. According to MAr. IIorne the council possesses inherently the powers claimed, but erred int the form of warrant issued to its Sergeann.at Arms. ST. JoNt's SUNDAY Scmooz.s.-Sermons will be preached on Sunday next on tile occasion of the anniversary of these schools; iu the morning by the Rev. Dr. Browne, and in the evening by the Rev. MIr. Thackeray. PLEaSURE TRIP POSTPONED. - The Cobre's trip has been postponed to to morrow (Friday, St. Andrew's Day). TAIMA-STREET SUNDAY Scuoor.-The collections in aid of this Institution itmomnted oni Sunday to £28. A tea meet ing took place onh Monday, and the children were entertained on Tuesday. WATCr On BOARD SnlP.-An lufortma tion was heard yesterday at the police ollce against Captain Blacklock, master of the schooner Native Lass, for not keeping a watch on board that vessel whilst lying at the wharf inl the port of Launcestou, con trary to the provisions of the Port Act, 1854\. The ponalty is £20. District-Con stable Cotton and Constable MIoore, of tile VWater Police, stated that they had halled hoe ship ou the night of thle 26th, and got no reply, but did not go on board. 11r. Douglas, for tile defendant, objected to tile infornation, as not setting forth thile offece with sulcient clearness, but tile bench were of opinion that It was sufliclent. Two senmen, whose watch on deck it wasoni the tight in question, said that they had lot heard anly perso challengo the vessel. The bench considered the case proved, anld fined Capt. Blackloeck 40s. and costs. LICENsINo RMEETING,--'11 annual meet ing of justices will be held on Saturday, at 11 o'clock, at the police oilce. Also, at the same hour at Swansoa, Pontville, Campbell Town, New Norfolk, Torquay, Pingiul, Sorell, IIhnilton, Kinrgston, Oat. lande,'. Hobart Town, Richmond; at tell o'clock at Longford, Westbury, Evandale, Frainklin; at twelve o'clock at Bothwell, George Town. TlUnsDER STontM AT OATrANDoas-Tihe rsost tremendous storm of thunder, light Ilig, and hall, ever remembered at Oat iands, took place on that township on Friday last. After thirty-six hours of ex tremely sultry weather, the storm burst over the townshipi about one in tile after noon, coutinuing with intervals of Iuter mission until into in the evening, the than tier behlg at thnes perlectly deafening, and the hail fialling in such heavy masses that the skylights throughoilt the town were totally demolishied, and numberless panes of elass in the ordinary sash windows broken. The destruction at one of the principal lUls wis no less than founrteen dozen dozen panes. Nor was the demoolitiou conflned to tie windows; for, from the rapid accumulation of the water from the hail and rain, yards and gardens were submerged, and some of the inhabitants even driven from the lower stories of their houses to the upper floors for a dry footing. Thce damage ii the gardens, we are sorry to hear, ihas been considerable, a large por tion of the young fruit,-currants, goose berries, cherries, apples, plums,--beilg beaten off the trees, and cntiro boughs broken away by the weight annd force of the hailstones. Soete of the gooseberries were found cut lu halnf by thie halastoies as by a i~nIfe. For some Ihours the streets were contverted into a litio sen, and so imany tributaries poured liuto the lake that the body of water rose some feet it hclghlt. Tho forward hay crops, in someo instances, are beaten dowu,-witth which exception the fall of moislture bus been very bene icili, both to the growing cereals and thie lative grasses. A proligious flood wasn oeceasioned in thie Jordna, which, however, went down nlmost as rapidly as it had riaen,-A..dvcrtlser. FHonAT TOWN REGATTA AGAIN.-At I one of the committee meetings it will be fromembered the chairman (Mr. R. Lewis), said that Sir William Denion's tllllnificoat subscription "was extorted frontm im by the countitteo. Tlhey put his lamo ldown, snd heo was too Iuclh of ia geintleiman to repudliat It,.and therefore pail it," Maessrs. Todd and Dawson inmledintely wrote to his Excellency, who directed llis Private Secretary to reply as follows:-" Sir Wtin. Denison desires me to convey to you the expression of ltis regret that any misut derstanlding sllonld haveo rison in connlec. tion wlith his name, to umar the good feeling tihe recnrreronc o the anniversary of the regatta should engender, but his Excel louy feels bound to state, il justlifcation of the comnittee, that Ils subscription was voluntarily given, and thlt tile charge of havinlg used his ianmo without authority.s enltirely groundless." SUSPECTED MURDER AT VICTORIA.—In our last we briefly stated that fears were entertained that a son of Thomas Young, Esq., of Hobart Town, had been mur- dered at Victoria. We now extract from the Courier a narration of the circumstances on which that suspicion rests:—It appears "tile missing young gentleman has been a long time absent from the station, having gone up to Fiery Creek diggings with a flock of 1400 sheep for sale. Even allowing that he had taken an opportunity of visiting Melbourne, there was time enough for his return six weeks earlier. His absence caused a strict search to be instituted, and the sheep have been traced to the posses- slon of a person who purchased them from one of the perpetrators of the outrage, who personated Mr. Young, and received 900/. front Grant, who was tried for receiving them with a guilty knowledge.The body has nlot yet been found, but some calcined bones have been discovered during the sosrch, which litre been pronouncced by meldical men to belong to slleop, but no sheep had been destroyed in that locality. Mr. John Young was last seen at Camp- bell's Dipping Tanks, ten days after he had left Ledcomb. The fire had been made there, and was much larger than anlly which wonid Inve' been kindled for ordltnary or necessary purposes. There can be no dloubt the murder was colmmitted by the villains who were with him. The cart which they had with them has not been found, and it is believed that the unfortnnato deceased, ilho was much respected ilt Hobart Town, was poisoned with arsenic." Dogs Again.-Yesterday, Mr. District Constable Brown charged Mr. David Boland, residing near the Bridge, with not keeping his dog under proper control. A youth named John Austin stated that as he was passing Boland's premises ot Friday evening, the dog rushed out, seized him, tore his clothes, and bit him in the stomach, and was at last called off by Mrs. Boland. Boland, in his defence complained that boys were in the habit of attacking the dog with stones. Its also produced his license, but the Police Magistrate said it gave no permission foi his dog to worry people. Fined £8 and costs. OUTRAGE NEAR BOTnwetLL.-In the early part of last week two sllephlerds started from tile Cape of Good IIopo Inn, at the Black MIarsh, to drive a flock of sheep to the Lake irun of Mr. Robertson, when, hisving quarelled about the merits of IHenry's dog, whlic Tulloch described as good for nothltg, oni account of its failing, to head the flock when some stray sheeop wore joining, Henry first struck his com panion with a stock whip, and the blow being returned hie uttered sonme threats against him, and shortly afterwards came up to Tullocb with his hand in Ils pocket, when Tulloch, apprehending his purpose, called upon him to withdrtaw. Io however produced and opened a knife, knocked Tullock down by a heavy blow with Ills whip handle, and whilihe wase lying oil the ground cut his thront, inflicting a wound four incies and a half In length, and from a quarter to half an Inch in depth, inar rowly escalping the jugular v.~in. After lying for soita timne in nn iusensible state, Tulloch managed to proceed to theOCapo of Good Hope Inn, and guive inforalntioln of what had occurred, and subsequently went on to Green Ponds, where his wound was dressed. Informtion havivng in the mean while been given to til Bothwell police, tile aggressor was secured was committed. -Courier. IsrOnMsATION UNDER TIHE LICENSING Act.-Yesterday an information was pro. ferred by Mr. D. C. Partridge against Mr. ThomasBraff of the Clarendon Hotel,whurf, tor having his outer-door open on the evetning of 'Sunday, the 18th Inst. Two sailors were observed coming out of the house. Defendant was fited 40s and costs. PRAYING ScETrIEs or TUE PEACE. Yesterday,Mr.AIlredLocke of the Princo of Wales Inn, appeared at thie Police Office to pray that? Mr. Joseph Nathan might be boinld over to keep the peace. Mr. Locke stated that tile defendant had endeavoured to causo lhil to commit a breach of the peace, by using aggravating language, and calling him tile ghost of the deceased pro prietor of the house. ?r. Nathan com plahned that hie had been very badly treated is certain money matters by M1r. Locke and another, nid that the former was In the habit ol going past his (MIr. Nathan's) shop ill a contemlptuous attitude. The police mnagistrato said tihe bencll had nothing to do with disputesof that nature; they could be settled by anotller tribunal ; but in the present case, it would perhaps be sufficient if tie deltondant ivould promise thle bench not to miolest Air. Locke again. This having been done and the costs paid, AI'. Nntihan said ns hie left the office, that ie was about to give tip bnsluesi and go to Longford. ConswALL v I nIsrina y.--State of the Corn wat Ilospltaland Infirmary for the week ending November 24, 1855 : ems Tota. Sincundhtnited ... ... 5 0 ... a Total ...... 28 ... 0 ... a4 Dtisehlrrged ...... L ... 0 ... I tied ............a. . o . liemalnhig... as ... e ... at J. L. Mtttl.nn, Surgeon Superintendent. tiOtl.tsln AnD ScoTrs TPm'LINO.-ThIO eorreslpontdent of an E:dinburgh contempnrary, writing on Ihle ihlur counsumed inll Enland snd Scutlnlll, says:-,-l'lte English use 3 times nuel runtm inid brliudy, 7( times more beer, 2} timnes mor0 wine I bi thel Sotchman uses2 31 ltinmes mlore whiskv The cost Conn English. man for hIis tlllc (keeping in view cach inhabitnllt) is 480 4d., to a Scoteitan tlis. England consumes 11.14 times more money ine drink than |oetlanil, nlhouglh the popnlatlni I Is In proportion, only 6,2j7 tnmes grenter. The two Items of boor nnd whlisky ore the most remurkallo i an LEngliulnun pays a33 Id fir Ilia beer, nol 6Os Id for hie whisky a Scotch. man pays 4s 3) for his beer, and 1t9s 10t fo Sin whisky. [?C Valunble Allotments In Charles street, being portions of Fry's garden, adjoining the stores of nMfessn. Du Croz & Co. This pro pmrtv will be snbmitted to public coompetition by Mr. lowe,, on the ground, ''oMorrow,. (Friday) at 12 o'clock. 