METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. ' j x t Abridged from the Liverpool Albion, 3rd September.) ' Time was when Sir Erskine Perry's pass, in the then only Liberal London daily journal, I i ushered in every first of September with a volley of new bon mots on the Parliamentary pursuit of game proper to that anniversary; and \- Cobbett, long before the philo poacher Lord Stanley was born, used to take as text for a parson grilling sermon, headed by the gridiron i crest, the saying from Samuel-" The king has come out to seek a flea, as when one doth hunt a partridge in the mountains." But these pleasantries are entombed with the originals who sent them their pungency, or are now only ex- humed by those dreary jokers to whom the Minis t " terial whitebait is an annual stock-fish for six weeks before it is served up at the real tail of the session. Such a first of September as to-day is would be abhorred alike by Joe Miller and Joe Manton, as being equally unfavourable to puns and percussion caps, at least if the weather in the Highlands resemble what it is in Cockney 1 opolis for here it is gloomy enough to assure you that the Queen must be out of town, if the Court Circular were silent on the subject ; though; to be sure, how can a sovereign be a far subject, as Hook once told George IV. when asked to sing a song, and said he would do it after a flagon of canary. Partridges must think the millennium of the feathered tribes has come, owing to the scarcity of senatorial shots, at least from the Lower House for M.P s are seem 4 i angry sick of being purveyors of wild poultry, " and we read of less preparations for battles among the sporting commoners of all classes than for the last half century of seasons With the Peers it is rather different for they seem to have been congregating in the Grampian and all other Caledonian hills in large numbers for a long time back, foremost among them being one of the once greatest of all British preservers of birds and protectionists of corn, to wit, the Duke of Buckingham, who, we are told, is located in his hunting lodge, surrounded by a numerous circle of friends. For a man who had gone to the dogs some six years ago to have a hunting lodge of his own is rather curious intelligence, and will probably be viewed in much the same light by his creditors as" was the column in Pall Mall to the Duke of York by those whom his Royal Highness's rascality had ruined. How Buck 2 ingham contrived to live at all was wonderful enough to every body who thought of the man is to ; but much more wonderful to everybody is it now to find that he lives in a style not altogether unbecoming a peer of the realm. This will doubtless account for the select circle of friends ; it is the old story of Tinton over again and as his Grace is a great Shaksperean scholar, he might profitably annotate certain scenes in that antique Athenian play from his own experience of the drama of Saxon life in the nineteenth century. It is said that he has some sort of voice in the possession of Stowe, which is not disposed of yet ; so that all the tales of its being bought, or ought to be bought for heirs apparent and what not, are as unsubstantial thus i far as those which weekly appropriate the old Opera-house to Rabbinical, Romanistic, Mor monic, and miscellaneous purposes innumerable. The duke is also reported to be the recipient ( now of the whole sum his son, the Marquis of Chandos, obtains as receiver of rents for the Wooton estates, namely, £2000 a-year, £500 being allowed by the son (who has virtually beggared himself for the father, till the period of his lordship's marriage enabled him to be as liberal as he could wish. 1 If this be so it goes some way to explain the mystery of the hunting lodge, though it would only be in keeping with the fine character of ' Lord Chandos, which is and has always been 1 worthy of a true Plantagenet, even though the bearer of that heroic patronymic be slack for the associations of chivalry chairman of a rail hoard. In that capacity he continues to win golden opinions from his brother directors ; but, somehow, he has yet realized in political life none of the distinction augured for him by > Disraeli, who long ago said he was the only one of the Tory party who had a head, on him-a saying from the head that carried the brains of t % the Derby Cabinet, considerably alarming to the * amour propre of that body. His lordship is now thirty-two. Ten years have elapsed since the memorable night when, as described in the Bentinck Biography, " looking like the early portraits of Lord Granville," he rose on the back benches of protection, and for a time stemmed the departure of the sliding scale. But from ; that night to this he has made no parliamentary sign whereby we could judge of the great capacity his chief claimed for him; and his want of motive to exertion could hardly have arisen from family affairs rendering him indifferent to party ambition, seeing that he accepted a Lordship of the Treasury. At the same time there is no doubt that he is diffident, and, as is alleged, is scared into reserve by the exhibition of the opposite quality on the part of a very obtrusive i person of his own age, the Duke of Argyll. ... Bonapartism is becoming as profitable a mode of turning a penny as any the ingenious device mongers of this metropolis can follow. Take an illustration. Among the many claims upon the attention of that large portion of the coin J munity ever on the qui vive for an opportunity of making a fortune which are constantly being put forward, generally for the consideration of twelve postage stamps, something more pretentious and altogether out of the common way appears daily in the form of an advertisement offering more than a double quid pro quo to be made within a year of either five or ten thousand pounds. The means are, 1st, partnership ' with the advertiser in a matchless collection of historical documents, autograph letters, medals, seals, &c.; and 2ndly, a a visit to the United States, where the items shall be be exhibited, and afterwards sold, the payer of <\- the above sum receiving half or a fourth of the proceeds, according to the amount. The col , lection comprises in all 31,000 papers and autographs, connected with every country in Europe, and proving, according to the owner, that the " history of the last four centuries requires to be i. re-written. Besides this mass of MSS., the \- collection includes " Shakespere's beautiful mulberry tree vane," his portrait on panel by ^ Cornelius Janssens, a very fine portrait of Moliere by Le Brun, David's picture of the Em , ». " peror Napoleon crowning Josephine [which, by the way is the identical picture said to the shown by Louis Napoleon to Queen Victoria " at Versailles on 'f Thursday week !], above their ' teen hundred medals and coins and gold, silver, and bronze, between five and six hundred r models of antique gems and seals, nearly two thousand volumes of books, a magnificent assem ', MRS of rare engravings and drawings, includ i mt portraits of all the Popes and a number of the miniatures, bronzes, and other works of art and objects of interest to the archaeologist and the virtuoso. The collection is said to have cost £40,000, and to have been the work of thirty years in bringing it together, which, considering its nature and extent, may very easily be believed, provided all told of it be true. Though the Bonapartes element in all this is but small, teenage of Napoleon is put at the head of it, as if-the whole had reference to him and a cursory perusal would lead many a metropolitan reader to suppose that the aggregate was a reproduction of an exhibition that attracted much attention some ten years ago, when the Duke of Wellington might be found, for many mornings consecutively,' poring in the Egyptian hall, Piccadilly, over all sorts of souvenirs of his immortal competitor. As recipro- city compliments between the respective rulers of France and England are now all the mode, and as our Ministers hear of delicate courtesies being paid by French gallantry to our Queen in articles of her liking being placed unexpectedly in her rooms, it might be no bad investment of British politeness to buy up these unleash mis- cellanies, especially the coronation scene aforesaid, provided we have a Solomon to see that it is a real David, and convey the old lot of odds and ends to the nephew. Cornewall Lewis might object to such disposal of the money on the ground that it was contrary to the example of some of those pre-Adamite nations with whose manners and customs alone he appears cognizant, for he seemingly has no notion of the requirements of Englishmen in the nineteenth century. But Palmerston would soon bully the learned" Theban into acquiescence, and if he didn't Panmure would. The terror among the red tape red coats in Panmure's part of Whitehall is, however, halcyon equanimity compared with the paralysis that pervades the routine brigade in blue at Wood's end of that official promenade-to wit, the Admiralty - in consequence of Sir C. Napier's publication in the publicans' paper every morning, and this morning in particular, of the " private" letter of Sir James Graham, respecting last year's operations in the Baltic. Ghost of Byng, who was " shot like a dog-not | the ghost, but the proprietor thereof as a scapegoat for the sins of an administration not half so culpable as the Coalition, only fancy an admiral putting in print, for general perusal, the confidential instructions and secret opinions of the First Lord respecting an assault on the enemy's strong- hold and doing this, too, in the midst of the war and calling the said First Lord a traitor and declaring that had the Czar himself desired to insure the loss of the British Baltic fleet, he would have written just such a despatch as that penned by Sir James on the 31st October last, but which Sir Charles would not act upon ! Talk of administrative reform : why here is administrative revolution such as poor Feargus O'Connor, who has at last followed his land scheme to the grave, never dreamt of in his most chaotic chartistic days. Such disclosures have never been known since the time a Prime Minister (Percival) and a Lord Chancellor (Eldon) concocted " The Book " [which, however, they suppressed,] for the ex- creation of a Princess of Wales and the in- crimination of the heir to the throne, whom they branded, as Sir Charles brands Sir James, as the utterer of unmitigated untruths and the perverter of public and private documents. The gravamen of the charge and counter- charge in the case of the two present combatants is that each is unintelligible to the other, and that either alternately contradicts himself and his assailant. In the epistles published thus far there is abundant evidence to make good the accusations against both and sufficient, it is to be feared, to warrant the suspicion that the captor of Sidon is as irrelevant and wandering from the effect of mortification praying on an aged, and at all times eccentric brainy as is" the Netherby Knight from a natural love of virtuosity and utter unscrupulousness in pursuing crooked courses. Sir Charles said a short time ago that as Roebuck had a Sevastopol Committee last session, he certainly ought to have a Baltic one next. The hint is valuable and reasonable, and in all likelihood will be acted on by the member for Sheffield, who is just now about the most enviable public man in the British dominions, the one politician at whom no other is able to throw a stone, nor, what is more, wishes to throw a stone, though he from his glass-house, has been pelting them all round with perpetual pebbles all his life. Lord John Russell's "History of the Whigs" is almost as much made up of mockery of Hume or rather of the condition of things which made Joe a potential political personage on several occasions as of scorn of the noble lord. In the latter case he has been nearly as lucky as the former, or unlucky, as many will believe for it certainly is a strange thing that a man who had done so much for the masses, and saved the country so many millions, should he suffered to pass away without a single tangible memorial in those highways where statues of Peel are daily multiplying. The real monument to Hume, and the one he himself would have most desired, as he once told your Correspondent, would be a chronologically annotated digest of his collection of the blue books of inquiries he had moved for or assisted in, and of the returns issued on his mo- tions. It is that only, as he used to say, that would convey an idea of his Parliamentary labours, and of the necessity that existed for them, and of the success that attended them, step by step, in undermining and finally overthrowing abuses of almost every imaginable kind, from the palace to the poorhouse. in no way could a vote of money be more beneficially applied than in accomplishing this wish of the economist, which would at the same time be a record of the commercial and social progress of the country for nearly the last half century. However, as Government will do nothing of the sort, the Administrative Reform Association would far more effectually stimulate the rising generation of Reformers, or decaying generation as the case may be, to do what ought to be done by showing them what had been done in Hume's time and in Hume's case, and in the way suggested, than in publishing tracts which nobody reads or if anybody does read nobody acts upon. Tracts which everybody would read nobody knows anything about. For instance, Dickens' speech on the Comic Old Gentleman would be carried off by the cart load into every house the Kingdom if it were made known that it might be had for a trifle. But not a shilling is expended in such publicity by the Association, who seem to have no end of money to S.ign with, but beyond the beginning they have not moved a step; and now that Thackeray, their expected tion of the forthcoming meeting, is off to the States, what their next step may be it is puzzling to imagine, though not very difficult to recognize the ridi- callousness of a self proclaimed party of progress standing still. So many of the peacemongers belong to the body that they are supposed to be frightened at the growing seriousness of the war, and want to protest against it, while others want to call for its more vigorous prosecution. The once Coldwater friend of the Voice from Lombard-street, to whom allusion was made here last week, namely, Klapa, has spoken out in omnibelligent accents in the book then referred to and declared that an essential preliminary to quietness is an upturning of the whole European system, root and branch an idea seemingly much less abhorrent than it was a short time ago to our votaries of routine. Those generally very sa "acious observers of the current of opinion in such matters, the booksellers, seem to have been much out in their reckoning on this occasion, for the General's work was voted so un- promising in the trade that it was a long time before it met with a publisher. This hesitation was attributable perhaps to the " arbitration antecedents of the author, as the public would not have been at all surprised had he recommended another Sturge and Gurney deputation to the, Czar. He has done nothing of the sort, but everything of the opposite sort and his volume] notwithstanding its very large price for its very small contents [six shillings for much less than 200 loose pages], is likely to be in great demand. In being so it will certainly prove a curiosity for bookselling, save the sale of reprints, American or native is fast hastening into the condition of one of the lost arts, the oldest inhabitant of Paternoster-row never remembering the issue of the September periodicals to be equally barren of announcements of works in preparation as is the case to-day. 