. MISCELLANY. THE DEFUNCT DUKE AND THE LIVE EDITOR. ? ;P The Paris Charivari views the change about to take place in the system of^ the public service in Englnnd as an affair | of tolerable certainty, and one which can be ..(?only looked on with dieaatisfaction and '-.-. dismay by the very ancient authoritiea. The following satire on the subject is from ?;' our facetious conlempbrary :— ? .' _ '?The editor of the Times sat at night ,-i-,in his cabinet. The measured tramp of .heavy footsteps shook the oaken floor. , :\ .'.The great journalist perceived the statue 'of Wellington striding towards him. The ol d field -marshal bore on high his old three cocked hat, surmounted by an enor ? ii-oub tuft of cocks* feather. A little short n-antle was wound round the upper part ? of his person ; and his polished boots were half concealed by his light pantalr.onB strapped closely under his feet. ; At first, ; somewhat moved by the apparition, the ; , great editor recovered himself sufficiently to ask his grace why it was he quilted his pedestal, and put himself to the inconve ; '.' nience of paying him i a visit. 'To make my'complaint,1 replied his grace, f About what ?\ laconically demands the editor of the Times, and the dialogue of the ' great living and dead thus proceeds :— ? «??« I complain of the great changes which } are taking placeievery. day under my eyes, \- and to which. the Times lends itself with an alacrity, a facility, which is quite deplor able. ' Is it true that they have absolutely gdrie aiid,,elev.ated .within the last few days no less than sixty, sergeants- to -the grade of 1 officer ??— -' It is quite true your grace.'— 4 Arid you really do approve of the step ?'— ? 1! really do.'— -:Do you think that all the world may wear the epaulette indiscrimi nately ?'—* Certainly.'— ' That the sale of commissions is an abuse1?'—* The result Kas very well proved it.'—' You wish, . L then, to democratise the army ?'—' It must come to that.' - . ? ? : ?? The Btatue made a «ign ef great dis satisfaction, and took a chair. After a moment or two's reflection, it recommenced the conversation., ' '? | u ' You take away the army .from the aristocracy ; you will, at least leave it the goyernment'of the country?*—' That's ( as it may be.'—-* What do you, mean by that's as it may be?'— ? I mean, if it be able to carry it on.'— 'You declare that the aris tocracy can povern badly ?'?—? What a question !'— ' You agree with those whom ; ' I hear offering the opinion as they pass ; before me every day, that the old governing ; clasied are used up?'— 'Most decidedly ? that is my opinion.' — ? You think that; outside the limits of certain great Whig; and Tory houses there are other- people capable. of forming an adminislration V — ^Nothing -unnatural in that.' — 'And (vith [these''' ideas you would not ' ??hrihU from dissolving parliament?' — ? ? Most unquestionably.' — \ And you would , make an appeal to the masses ?' — * I cer tainly would.'— « The aristocracy would then ( be reduced to a cipher?'—' It is '?' quife'posBible.'— ? But that is areTolulidn.'. —' Why not1? Ia it my fault that the aristocracy has just proved itself not up to its work.?'— « Then it will be all up with Old England long' enough; New England will ice.place''h'er. The old one could not rise to the^height of the situnlion.'— ' Ac- cordingi to your idea, then, I died just in timet'^— 'It. is generally believed your grace,' that' you just did;'— 'You mean to say that I could not have saved the aristo cracy, and. maintained 'the old traditional state of things?' — 'Your popularity would ' have been sacrificed had you attempted it.' — ? Then, I see I must resign 'myself to seethe approaching advent of the demo cracy to power, to cross my hands upon my pedestal, and never more to mix in public affaire.' — « It's about the best thing you can do your grace.' New inen for new tiraep. If you will only go back to your pedestal, I will engage that you shall; s«e the men and the events passing' before you very shortly. . ; ': 'The statue raised Itself up hastily, made a demi-turn to the left, and dis appeared without awakening the printer's devil, who was fast asleep in the lobby. In accordance with .the request of the Editor of the Zime8,lh* police author ities have placed a constable at -the foot of the duke's Btatue to prevent any i more of its unhappy moonlight farnbles.-'-', j - [ ? ??:??: ' r ' 'I1'' -1' '?'-?', j. i ; Fltinq on xhe Wateb.— We are glad to perceive that Mr. Brown has not been idle since we' last noticed1 hia astounding project, of crossing the Atlantic in 48 hours, and performing the journey, to India and back in a fortnight, for we find that besides perfecting his invention, and protecting it. by patent right; he has also found leisure to write a very, spirited, and interesting pamphlet, lo show liow.,this extraordinary feat is to be accomplished. ' Having care ' fully perused this treatise, we are bound, in justice: to Mr. Brown, to say that he appears to, have placed the subject beyond a mere, matter' of opinion. 'Nothing what ever is takt'n for granted, his argumeots being all based on scientific data, without any, attempt to exaggerate; the reasoning too, is so logical,. and couched, in such po pular phraseology, that it is impossible! to resist the conclusion* that a tremendous '??ipeed'ih'ay be'^obtaihedj-at -least on' smooth water, by isubalituling 'the* jfZyjw^ for the -/?o«-iw^'.-principle in sustaining ships when i n motion. ? ,;,T heW principles. ,are ratl icnl 1 j . distinct'; the 'Former-being exemplified by. a biri'orTa?boy.*sf;kit'e, ;arid the flatter by a ' .-? fish' drja 'balloon.'- i;Hpw_J,he waves of the 1 Bea might, affect jhejinyention we are hot prepared td/say, but viuppof ing. it only to succeed on rivers and canals, it would still be one of the greatest achievements of tha age, orindeed of any age. On the wholej the subject is one of great interest, particu laily at the present moment, when such strenuous .exertions are being made to in crease-the speed of steam-vessels .- and for further.information, as well as for an eluci dation -of the much , mystified subject of mechanical flying, we must refer our read eres to the pamphlet itself.—' English Paper.' - ' ? [ A Yankee Attobnet on Capitax Punishment. — The following oration was delivered somewhere in Wisconsin, by one of the profession, who would seem to have quite an aversion to capital punishment : — ' May it please your lordship and gen tlemen of the jury- — the case is as clear as ice and sharp to the point, as ' No ' from your sweetheart; The Scripture saith, 'Thou shalt not kill ;' now, if you hang my client, you transgress the command as slick as grease, aud as plump as a goose egg in a loafer's face. Gentlemen, mur der is murder, whether committed by twelve jurymen, or by an humble indivi dual like nay client. Gentlemen, I do not deny the fact of my client having killed a man, but is that any reason why. you should do so ? No such thing, gentlemen ; you may bring the prisoner in 'guilty;' the hangman may do his duly, but will that exonerate you % No such thing ; in that case you will all be murderers. Who among you is prepared for the brand of Cain to be stamped upon his brow , to-day ? Who, freemen — who in this land of liberty and light? Gentle men, I will pledge my word not one of you has a bowie-knife or a pistol in his pocket. No, gentlemen, your pockets are odoriferous with the perfumes of cigar-cases and to bacco. You can. smoke the tobacco of rectitude in the pipe of a peaceful con science; but hang my unfortunate client, and the scaly alligators of remorse will gallop through; the; internal principles .of animal vertebras,, until the spinal vertebrae of your anatomical construction is turned it) to a railroad, for the grim and gory gob lins of despair. Gentlemen, beware, oi committing murder. ...Beware,. I say, I of meddling with the eternal prerogative ! Beware, I say. Remember the fate of the man who attempted to steady the ark, and tremble. Gentlemen/; I adjure you, jby. the manumitted ghost of temporal sanctity, to do no murder. I adjure ycu by the name of woman, the mainspring of the tickling timepiece of lime's theoretical transmigration, to do no murder ! I ad. jure you, by the love you have for the es. culent and condimental gustol of our na tive pumpkin, to do no murder. ' I adjure you, by the stars set in the fly ing. ensign of your emancipated country, to do no murder. I adjure you, by the American Eagle that whipped , the universal game cock of creation, and now sits roosting on the magnetic telegraph of time's illustrious transmigration, to do no murder. And lastly, gentlemen, if you ever expect to weal luug-uiUeti couiB— -it you ever expect, free dogs not to bark at you — if you ever ; expect to wear boots made of the free hide , of the rocky mountain buffalo— and, to sum up all, if you ever expect to be any-' thing but a set ,of sneaking, loafing, ras cally, cut- throated, brained small ends, of humanity, whittled down into indistincti bility, acquit my prisoner, and save, your country.' The prisoner was acquitted. Servants in Russia.— An amusing anecdote was told me by a French lady. One of her countrywomen was engaged as dressing maid io a lady of rank in Russia. . One day, while combing out her mistress's long black hair, she hurt her head. The lady turned ., round and gave her a slap on the. face. The Frenchwoman, who had hold of her hair, which she was on the point.of tying, bo that, it was all gathered together in her hand, grasped it tightly, and then inflicted a sound correc tion on the lady's ears with the hair-bruah. Perhaps it may be thought that . she was immediately punished by being taken to the police, or at least sum manly dismissed from the household. Far from it— the maid knew the character of the RuBsians well, and also what she was about ; she was perfectly aware that her mistress1 would not dare to expose her, on account of the disgrace to herself — for it would have been an irdelible one for a noble to have been beaten- — in any place but Count Orloffs office — and especially by a in«nial: she ; therefore ; r.ot only took the whole quietly, but presented this maid with HO silver roubleB and a new gown to buy her silence. ?-..... I 