ECCLESIASTICAL SYNOD. Oil Toes day the Synod summoned by the Lord Bishop of Adelaide met iu tiie school-room adjoining the Chapter House, the members iiaving lirst received the Holy Sa crament in Trinity (Cathedral) Church. There were present: Clergy— The Lord Bishop; the Venerable AreUdeacou Hale, M.A.; the Revs. \V. J. Woodcock, J. Bullitt, W. H. Coombs, J. C. llagsliaw, A. IS. Burnett, M.A.; £. Bayiield, J. XVatsou, J. Fui.ord, F. Plaits, E. II. Burnett, M.A.; R. Strong, Messrs. Tomkinson, Gossc, and Roberts. Chtistchureh —Messrs. Maedermott, Wieksteed, IV'oold ridge, and A. Seott. St. John's—Messrs. llawkes, Biyth, and Jiekliag. Mitciiam—Colonel Freeling, and Mr. Hartley. St. Mary's, Srurt—Mr. W. H. Trimmer. U'Halloran Hill—Colonel U'Halloran. HiudmarsU—Mr. Hammond. St. James's, Blakiston—Messrs. Evans and Gray. St. Paul's, Port Adelaide—Dr. Duncan. St. George's, Gawlcr—Messrs. Butler and Bright. St. Stephen's, Willunga—Mr. Kell. St. Mary's, Burra—Mr. Henry Gilbert. St. Mark's, Pen wortham—Mr. Stocks. St. Peter's, Gleuelg—Mr. R. B. Colley. The names having been read over, The Loan Bishop read the following address:— My Lay Brethren and Reverend the Clergy—1 meet you to-day with pecular satisfaction, because I am assured that inviting yon to attend, together with your reverend pastors, in a Diocesan Synod, duly convened. 1 am following not merely ecclesiastical precedent, but a course recognised by the ecclesiastical law of England, and not proliibited either by the statute or common latf. Hitherto our meetiugs, whether known as a Con ference or an Assembly, were but tentative and provi sional, held not in defiance of law, nor in the spirit of insubordination to the Crown, or supreme ecclesiastical authorities of the United Church of England &ud; I land, but in the belief that the freedom enjoyed by every section of British Christians, viz., *' that of consulting together on matters touching their best temporal and spiritual interests," was not denied to those portions of tne Established Church which are found in every colony I of the British Empire. While uo doubt remained of the i willingness on the part of the Crown to concede such i reasonable liberty, aud none on the part of the Arcli ! bishops and Bishops of England aud Ireland, it seemed : unnecessary to examine the legal question whether Dio . cvsan Synods were legal, without previous application to the Crown for licence to hold them. There was no doubt that, by advice of the Privy Council, such licence i might be granted; but it was more than doubtful ' whether Her Majesty would be advised by her presc-ut j Ministers to exercise her prerogative in this manner for the advantage of Churchmen in the colonies. Debarred, I therefore, from thus settling all doubts as to the legality I of Diocesan Synods, wbeu £ found that Ministerial I ciiaugcs aud the jealousy of ecclesiastical party ob- : structed the passing of an Act freeing the colo- | nial clergy from any supposed disability (an ; Act which the Government had introduced as a Cabinet measure, and the principle of which had received the implied assent of the ecclesiastical authorities), I j resolved to try the legal question, and claim as matter of j right that which the Legislature was so tardy in rccog- 1 nising by statute. The legality of the Synod of Exeter j in 1351 having been admitted, it followed of course that | a Diocesan Synod at Adelaide in 1355 was no less legal; j and thus all doubt having been removed, no technical objcctioncouldrenderiiivaUdtbcactsand&greemenfesdone; aud made at such a rSyiiod provided, they were uot con trary to the law of the lamb either common or statute, and not repugnant to the law ecclesiastical, by which the Crown, in its Supreme Court of Appeal, the Judicial : Committee of the Privy Council, must in its decisions he governed. It is true that the clergy alone were sura- I moiied to the Synod of Exeter; but the practice of aucient Synods, aud the language of the " Reformatio Lcgum," in c. 21, places the right of the bishop to invite ttie presence uf6owc of the laity at such meetings beyond | question. 1 liave accordingly requested those of you ; whom I know to possess the confidence of the congrega- j ti jns to be present in the Synod; and you have attended at my summons. It only remains, then, to follow the 1 directions of our Reformers, and treat with gravity and | pcaceluhiess the important matters which demand our | attention. May the Holy Ghost vouchsafe to us liis gracious presence. That we have need of meetiug to gether from time to time in a regular aud constituted | uiauuer, to provide for our local wants, and make local ; regulations, is evident from oar proceedings since the date when the Church was throwuby the civil government on its owo energies and resources, llut it is now time that wliat was tentative and provisional should assume a more formal shaps; that our Church meetings should be analagous to those which, from the Apostolic age, hare been held in all places and countries; and that tli-iy should be constituted on those principles wliieli, stamped with the authority of Scripture, the sanction of Apostolic practice, and the consentaneous usage of the universal Church, may well he deemed the safest and best, if not of infallible necessity. Having recently stated those principles in my charge to the clergy at the Visitation, 1 need uot here repeat them. 1 believe they arc such as command the largest mass of consenting authority and opinion in the Churches of the Reforma tion ; and what is more, wherever they have been de viated from, vhcre heresy and unbelief have most widely prevailed. 1 shall not fatigue you with quotations from Christian writers of the first century, or from the standard authorities of our own Church—theologians who weie second to none in piety, learning, or ability, As practical men,T would simply invite your attention to the statements upon the points iu question of a writer to whom, in my charge, 1 have recently drawn attention, simply because he may be supposed by mem bers of our Church to speak as an unbiassed witness. Spiking, then, of the theory of a "balance" between the lay and clerical elements in the Church find of t.hp' pretended co-ordinate authority, the Rev. Alfred Bar rett asks, " What were the atrocities of the French Papistic Sovereigns but results of the evil balance of power practically at work between churchmen and laity in the ruling councils ? What were the oppressions of the High Commission and the Star Chamber, but de cisions in which the lay authorities coincided with the bishops, and often formed the numerical minority ? On the theory in question there can be no independent action on the part of the ministry; no means of meeting a sudden emergency arising in Christ's kingdom, where emergencies are so often arising, and all the more frequently as the end draws near. The Reformation would have been impossible under the sway ot such a principle, and the rise of Methodism itself would have been impossible. If Martin Luther and his co pastors, and if our own founder, had waited for an equi poise with their own of lay influence before they made their bold advances on the Kingdom of darkness, history would have shown a very different page. Lav suifragc on any comprehensive scale would have, at first, been against their scheme; but they drew on lay co-operation, as a consequence to follow, and that was the proper and Heaven-appointed order. Moreorer, the ' balance * has been already weighed in God's own balance of tbe sanc tuary, and, in respeet of gaining the purposes sought by it, has been found wanting, bo far as its principle is embodied in the'rulingeldership'orassessorship with the ministry in the Church of non-pastoral persons, it has had a fair trial in the course of the last three centu ries. Has it preserved Calvin'6 Church of Geneva in a right interpretation and administration of the Law of Christ? Has it preserved intact to the people the Hel vetian confession, or abolished that document—that tes timony to the faith of the Reformation ? Has it expelled those pastors who denied the Lord that bought them? Has it not rather given up everything precious in the Gospel, and silenced the people by telling them that their representatives were concurrent and in court ? Has it kept up the least godly discipline in the consistories of France? Has it fenced off the Protestant professors of that country from philosophical theology and seuii aubelief? ^ Has it preserved the venerable Church of S -otland itself from 6ehism and disruption, whether on the ground of doctrine or discipline? And if we take the theory of balance in its more Krastian form, has it preserved the parishes and schools of Protestant Ger many from nursiug and diffusing the worst heresies which, since the days of Gnosticism, have afflicted the Christian Church ?" p. 335.. Thus much on the sup posed prineipJe of co- ordinate authority of the pastor and the laity. Again, p. 353, he writes thus—" And this we are bolrt to say is the primitive and Apostolic plan; the ministry first devising the rule andtheu commending it to the calm and dispassionate consideration of the people. What the ministers have left is the guardianship of the truth, disciplinary power over each other, the regulation of spiritual services, and so much right of office as enables them to put away sin from the Christian congregation, and stand clear with their Divine Master." Do the Churches of even republican America go farther than in the application of the Episcopal authority, which always inheres on the collective pastorate that laity should not be "excluded from giviqg testimony and advice ?" But with regard to the authoritative act of judgment in the case of the incestuous Corinthian, as well as of Hymemfius aud Alexander, "the whole pro cedurc," he adds^ "should be, to iise the words of Eras* musa 'ex Panli decr-eto, ex mqltitudinis consensu, ex auetoptate Christi,' " p, 30^. Stijl more emphatically he sums up the argument thus—^p, 331—1' 1st us pause for a moment, aqd, leaving antiquity out of the question, let us draw from our present survey of the Scriptures alone the general doctrines which, in connection with the whole of this tubjeet, they teach tiiat the steward or pastor is directly responsible to the Head of the Church for the preservation of His truth, and the maintenance of purity; that although every member (he included) is under the same law, yet he is the expositor of the law, and answerable for its enforcement; that, in the adjudication of discipline, appeal is to be made to the people as to whether the law has been broken, so as from their verdict or concurrence to make the act, whatever it is, the act of the wnole; yet if in particular or momen tous cases that verdict or concurrence, through faction, be withheld; or if doubt arise as to whether the law of Christ, in those instances applies, or as to how for it applies, then must the matter be resolved by tbe collec tive pastqrate, ^s iq the cases of Jerusalem aud Corinth." I have cited this writer not because of his theological weight, but, as I said before, because )us testimony' is so far unbiassed, and because I never saw his work before the constitutions were in print; and I then found the above principles in close harmony with those embodied in my draft. The two special wants to be provided were, in my opinion, the action of the laity within their com petency, according to the divine economy of the Church; | and the disciplinary authority of the bishop over the clergy, freed from the possibility of its being exerted hastily, arbitrarily, and absolutely. I believe those postulates have been accomplished in the Constitutions. On the one hand no judicial derision affecting the cha racter or property of a clergyman can take effect, and legally bind the individual, without a verdict of his brethren in the ministry, and the report of a mixed lay and clerical jury. Nor, on the other, can any doctrinal decision made by the bishop and clergy become a consti I tation of this Diocesan Chuch without the concurrence i of the laity. Besides this safeguard, the Archbishop I of Canterbury has authority over the bishop and clergy, while in all matters affecting temporal interests or per sonal character, an appeal would lie in the last resort to the Crown in Privy Council. Under such legal restraints, I do not think that we are likely to run into any doctri nal or judicial extravagances. And here I may answer some objections, or rather misapprehensions, suggested by parties foreign to our communion. I seek no Legis lative interference whatever to give effect to our private synodal agreements. I should deprecate any appeal to the local legislature to enforce any of our constitutions. I should equally deprecate and resist, as for as it was possible, any enquiry by the civil Courts as to the pro priety or wisdom, or Scriptural authority, of our arrange ments. The simple foct, whether A. B. has been duly tried by Ms own religious body, according to their own discipline, and has been found guilty of contravening the terms on which he accepted a oertain oba*ge, and so became entitled to the benefit of certain property limited to certain uses:—thi* is the extent in which the authority of the Civil Courts will be invoked in case of need. So for and no farther would " I appeal unto Caesar." &t;>h no inconvenience results from this action of the Civil Courts throughout the United States of America; where the Judges do not take upon themselves to discuss the j theology or discipline of the various Christian bodies, i but simply give effect to their derisions, according to their own. rules, when adelinquentministeris to be dispossessed of property beld by him in virtue of his ministerial charge. Indeed, to insinuate that an qttcnjpt is intended to be made covertly to introduce a State Church, because in cases of property the civil authority may be called upon to interfere, is a strange misapprehension; when the case of I Lady Hewley's charity has been so recently before the Courts, and Privy Council, and Parliament itself; the j parties suing and being sued not being members of the ; Established Church of England. At the present time the like question of property is being determined by the j Court of Queen's Bench, between the Wesleyan Con ference and the New Connexion, rejatife to the posses sion of ceifein chapels under the terms of John "Wes- f ley's mode! trust- deed. To deny the competency of the civil tribunals in such matters, would, in foct, be to foil into the arrogant claims of the Papal Church at the Con quest, when the jurisdiction pver clerks was taken from | the King's Courts to be transferred to Spiritual Courts, and so subordinated the riyil authority iq secular things to the spiritual. Thus extremes tire ever foupd to meet, i Dismissing, then, this mistaken view, which principally I concerns our proposed trosLdeed, I state the object of j the latter to be this, vfo, to select a body of geqtlemeq ; to act with the Bishop and other ecclesiastical trustees. In taking, holding, and managing property, real ana peraonri, dedicated for the nae of this Diocesan Chnrch, I or any port of PL ThemiMitj of sachnbody ml be evident, when, with the exception of the Bishop, there is not a corporation capable of holding property belonging to the Church except the Governors of the Collegiate Artliftnl ftf "St Dntnw'e <i Vtrwlvr ttrk!/lVl VlAS flM>n /TPfltAll llV School of St. Peter's, a body winch has been created by local Ordinance. The Ecclesiatiual Commission in England, which holds and,manages' the Episcopal and Capitular estates, in certain cases, is found a very important and efficient machinery lor the pur pose ; and I doubt yot that a body of Diocesan Trustees, chosen from the most influential of our laity, would give general confidence, and draw out the liberality of many members of our Church, who may be disposed to give property for endowments, local or general. I now come to the structure of the documents presented for your consideration. Considering the various resolutions which had been suggested or adopted by our provi sional Conference and Assembly as a brief, together with such provisions as either occurred to myself or those whom I consulted, I placed them, through my legal agent, in the hands of Mr. J. Bullar, of the Middle Temple. Among the documents with which he was entrusted was a copy of the model trust-deed of John Wesley ; and so far as the members of the Church of England were placed in this colony in tho like position as the members of his society were in the mother country a century ago, so far was Mr. Bullar instructed to prepare a model trust-deed, with the necessary elianges required by the principles of the Church. It was thought advisable to separate the" rules" about Church property from the "regulations" regarding our internal ^ management — hence the separation of the constitutions from the trust-deed. The former may be said to be the by-law as by which we propose to carry 011 the ecclesiastical concerns of this Diocese; they were, therefore, arranged for convenience in chap ters, and it was thought best to embody in them those rules which, the vast and long experience of municipal corporations, chartered companies, and other public bodies in England, had found convenient for dispatch of business. But this involved the necessity of distinguishing between funda mental provisions connected with the trusts of property dedicated for the use of the Church, and those other matters which might be changed and altered from time to time. So, also, in the trust-deed, a small portion of the matter of the deed is unalterably tied to the uses of the property; all the oilier regulations may be altered as occasion requires by the Synod. The selection of these fundamental provisions required, of course, great care and caution, and it will claim also your special at- 1 tentiou. The other rules may save much troublesome I discussion if adopted provisionally; but, I repeat, they j arc all alterable by vote of the Synod. After the docu ments had been drawn up, they were submitted to , various clergymen for their comments, and last of all they were revised and amended by Archibald John , Stephens, Esq., barrister- at-law, whose compilation of the Ecclesiastical Statutes has made his name familiar to all ecclesiastical lawyers. He kindly pointed out whatever discrepancy there appeared in them or devi I ation from the practice or principles of the Church of Eugland. These were carefully altered; and though, from i the pressure of time, the drafts did not receive all the improvement of which they were susceptible, and 1 many errors of the press as well us some omissions and discrepancies remained, yet, such as they arc, they violate no law, and introduce no new or illegal practice. A revised copy Mr. Stephens promised to send me, which I expect by the mail of December 5th; they will arrive, therefore, in time to aid our deliberations, and perhaps to settle | some doubts. I would now respectfully indicate the | course which I think should be pursued in regard to I these documents. They are now presented to you for 1 mifiy for consideration. The clergy, at their late visita 1 tion, read them through paragraph by paragraph; and 1 I took a note of every objection, which, after explanation ; given, still seemed to suggest itself to their minds. A committee was then formed to report on these points; ; a further conference ensued, and such alterations as ap peared valuable were inserted in the constitutions and Trust-deed. I would propose in like manner to receive from you such enquiries and suggestions as you are dis posed to make. A committee of the laity might then be named, to report by a given day on such queries. When they have presented their report, a conference might be held, and such amendments as shall be agreed 011 inserted in the deeds. The Synod should then, I think, meet in committee, and shape the documents, both constitutions and trust-deed, so as to take the opinion of their congregations on them. Whatever ob jections shall be made oy the congregations should be submitted for discussion to an adjourned meeting of the Synod; but on the plain understanding that wliat shall be determined on by the concurrent votes of Bishop, clergy, and lay representatives, should be taken as the svnse of the Church, and bind the minority. The details of this procedure must be settled in the first instuneo in order to prevent doubt or confusion; and I think that we should carry on the work with all conve nient speed, believing tliat until we have a recognised machinery, wc shall not be able to call forth all the energy and power, whether lay or clerical, of which our Church stands in need. Some few other objects connected with 'my mission to England I may here briefly touch upon. The selection of a head-master for the Collegiate School was amongst the first. 1 am more and more convinced that the ministry will not he adequately supplied until we are able to educate in our owu College youths who may be desirous to serve at the altar. The Mother Church can barely supply her own cures with really effi cient men. I attach, therefore, the greatest importance to the theological scholarships of that institution, and in the superintendence of their theological studies by the head-master, or some competent lecturer in divinity. I possess the means of endowing, though very scantily, each a lectureship and scholarships, which, I trust, will prove a blessing hereafter to the inhabitants of this colony. Three other clergymen in full orders were also engaged to assist me in the ministry. Two are now serving among yon; the third M forsook " me within a very lew days of my sailing, and bo prevented me from selecting another in his place. He had undertaken spe cially to itinerate through the South-eastern districts. Two theological students also joined me, one of whotn will, I trust, before many months, be admitted to deacon's orders. The funds hy which this accession to the clerical body were obtained resulted partly from the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, but principally from congregational collections made after sermons by myself or at meetings which I attended; and above all, the liberality of private lay and clerical friends. 1 appealed to the Society for aid in regard to stipends, and after some difficulty obtained the continuance of the grant of £500 per annum for the three years next en suing; out of which £100 per annum is to be paid to the missionary to the natives. All the grants of the Society are now limited to three years. In behalf of the Collegiate School, and especially the theological students, I appealed to the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge. A gsant was accordingly made of £500, with which 1 trust -suffi cient accommodation will be procured for them and the boarders generally. Another subject also demanded my attention. Relying on the fact that an acre had been set apart from the foundation of the colony, in Victoria square, for the site of the Cathedral Church; knowing that the Government had ratified the grant; assured tliat property had been bought and sold on the faith of this grant; believing that the good sense and right feeling of the citizens of Adelaide would not allow a claim so guaranteed to be set aside, and a real loss in dicted, which could not be replaced in any manner at a cost of less than some thousands of pounds; I applied to the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge for a grant towards the erection of a part at least of that structure upon the acre in Victoria- square. The liberality of William Allen, Esq., who promised £1,000 for tliat objoct, was met by a grant of the like sum; and I accordingly caused to be drawn a design for a Large parochial churcli, with working drawings to carry it into effect. The design is simple yet beautiful, ana would undoubtedly prove a great ornament to the city, as well as worthy of the site so liberally given. I trust the Synod, and especially the laity, will assist me with their counsel and support in commencing the structure. Without a central church of large dimensions we cannot accommodate the numerous population which belongs to our communion in the heart of Adelaide. These are the principal circumstances to which, in connection with my mission to England, I have desired to call your attention. One truth, however, was brought home most clearly to my mind by that mission. It is this—that the Church of England iu South Australia must in future depend upon the efficiency of its own ministers, and the zeal of its own laity, for its preservation and expansion. It is well that you should know this. Your colony \s consi dered one" of the lightest taxed and most prosperous portions of the empire. "Why," it is asked, " should thq wealthy colonists of all classes iq So uth Australia tax the Mother Church for the support of their ministers ?" I May 1 accept the challenge on your behalf? You will not be found wanting, Jfucb you have already accomplished, ' and far more since you have realized yoqr obligations as a constituent portion of the congregation of the falthfdl, A "clergy church," to borrow a phrase from a celebrated German statesman and writer, does not in any measur-e fulfil the scriptural outline or the whole or any portion of the universal Church. This was a corruption of early but not primitive times; it was fostered by medieval ignorance of Scripture. The Reformation vio lently broke the spell without any nice adjustment or the constituent parti. Our brethren of the Episcopal Church in the United States. left to their own clear sighted intelligence, have in great measure worked out ] the problem; but I am bold to say that the United Chnrcb of England and Ireland {possesses, in her own discipline, laws, canons, and principles, the power and the light necessary to place the organization, not only of every diocese, but of the universal Church, on its right Scrip tural and Apostolic basis. I therefore heartily pray that you and I, and the reverend the clergy, may be permitted, through grace, to trace the outline, and in some iqeasqre help to work out the design; that the Divine Head of the Church may view our efforts with favour, beoauae done in subordination to Ffis tyiU mid word, and with a sui°ie eye to the extension and confirmation of His kingdom upon earth, Alter tfie address the Synod commenced the considera tion in detail of the constitutions, but no positive vote was come to, it being resolved in the first instance sim ply to hear objections and consider them. The Synod was adjourned till 2 'o'clock next day. The sittings were' continued for the same purpose on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, when the Synod was adjourned till the 6th of Febmary. Rksig nation. —We understand that the Rev. A. R. Russell has intimated to the Churchwardens of St Andrew,'s Church, Walkerville, his intention to resign the tem porary cure of that place. Meeting op Sunday Sohoc.l,s,—An interest ing meeting of the.Sunday Schools of various denominations, in and around Adelaide, took place 011 Sunday afternoon, in Freeman street Chapel. The spacious building was crowded in every part; not fewer than eight or nine schools having united on the occasion. The serinon was preached by the Rev. John H. Barrow, of Kensington, from the wor.ls, " We have seen the Lord." The vast and yonthful audience listened with great attention; and we believe the promoters of this attempt to units together the Sunday Schools of the dis trict are entirely satisfied with the success of their fir«t effort. In England, as is well known, some of the most interesting and im pressive meetings have been effected by the union of a number of schools, with their teachers and friends; and we congratulate the promoters of last Sunday's gathering upon the introduction of the practice in this colony. School Examination.—The half-yearly ex amination of Mr. and Mrs. Leith's pupils was made on Wednesday, 10th January, at their school in Mundy-street, Port Adelaide; but in consequence of die non-attendance of the gentlemen expected, the examination was conducted hv the master and mistress, in the presence of a few of the parents, who expressed 1 great satisfaction with the progress of the pupils. The Reverend Mr. Hodge, Congre gational minister, arrived before the con clusion, and witnessed the distribution of prizes to the deserving pupils. Gold.—A very fine solid nugget, from that part of the Mount Kooroag district nearest to South Australia, was purchased on Monday by Mr. Collinson. Its weight was 144 ounces. Government Assay Offior.—We heard some strange rumours yesterday about a miss ing ingot at the Government Assay Office, bqt forbear to give currency to them until they are more publicly confirmed, which will probably be in the course of to-day. Bubra Bobra Mines, 6 o'clock, p.m., January 17.—The engine is working well and the water is now reduced to within three fsthrwna of die forty-fathom lcreL 