CABINET SPIRIT RAPPERS. Tho announcement of tho "Wizard of tho i North" triat he Intend4 to fit up the I.ycenm ¡ Theatre for magic purposes, and especially for i spirit-rappings, has, wo understand, caused con- | sidcrablo sensation. It is á good deal talked t about by tho few people left in London, and it j was not unnatural that at the Cabinet council held j on-day, it should-be ono of tho topics of conversation. When the Council broke up, some of tho members suggested that as they_ had nothing to do, and plenty of time to do it in, it would bo good fun to drive down to tfie theatre and see what s'irt of a stock of spirits the Wizard had laid in. Two or three of tho party objected on the ground that necromancy was wicked, but on discussion it was unanimously "agreed that they were no conjurers, so thero could bo no harm in it, and finally they all carno down to the Lyceum. Tho Wizard received them with great politeness, apologized for the tir.fln-ished. state of thu pre^mtioVís,,án'd''fiegg6d to ptit hiè- infernal resources entirely at their disposal. After some debate, nobody seeming particu- larly anxions to evoke the spirit ofany deceased person, tho Wizard relieved their minds by ox plaining that in his establishment it was not at all necessary that tho spirits should bo perma- nently disembodied. . They might call on any- body they liked. Lord Palmerston then proposed that they should call Lord John Knsseli. The Wizard said that there was so very little spirit about that individual that it might be hard to get him; but, luckily, an old volume of Blackstone's " Commentaries" was found (it had done duty, in a red cover, as a jewel-case, supposed to con- tain priceless diamonds, in the Lyceum bur lesqucs). »nd by dint of reading tho Magna Clinrta chapter very loud, throo raps wero ob- tained. Tho Premier's levity nearly spoilt tho experiment, fin- he irreverently exclaimed that "Jt couldn't bo Johnny, for bo wasn't worth a rap," and the Spirit was sulky for a long time, but being nt length appeased, some questions were put and and answers obtained; Are yon happy? No answer. Are you envious? An-aOirmative rap. Can you foretell future events? Tho Spirit rapped in a very arrogant manner, explained by tho Wizard to mean that of course ho could, and always had been able to do£sd. How long shall we keep oifico? Five raps. What's that, years? Spirit very impatient. Sessions? Spirit nearly frantio. Parliaments? The row the Spirit now modo was perfectly awful, and tho Wizard was obliged to suggest "months," at which a thundering affirmative rap was given. Several of tho party recom- mended that the subject should bc changed, os it was disagreeably ticated. But tho Premier persisted, and demanded of th« exhibitor " whether ho couldn't mako the little humbug speak." The Wizard said no, for that a person must bo a decent speaker in tho flush to bo heard nt all when out of it, but that answers could bo obtained on paper, though they were not always comprehensible, oven by him. "lie thea cut some slips from flyleaves of the Blackstone, and laid them on a, table against tho wall. Questions were again put, nnd tho first slip drawn was in answer to a question of thc Premier's. '.I don't understand it, my lord," said the Wizard, "what did you ask?" " I asked him what I was." "Somo mistake; tho spirit has drawn an old pantaloon." Thero was a great shout at this, in which, to do tho Premier justico, ho joined voiy heartily. Tho next inquiry was by Air Vernon Smith, who begged tho spirit to describe him. A stick was found drawn upon the second slip: and, in reply to a similar demand by tho Colonial Secretary, tho Wizard exhibited a very good likeness of a guy. "But how comes ho to mako pictures?" asked Lord Palmerstono. " In embodied lifo ho could never draw anything, except a muddled reform bill now and thon." The Magician explained that according to tho American doctrine, spirits gain additional powers, out of tho body; and thnt those are usually what they mopt lack when in it. Upon which the Premier advised tho Chancellor of tho Exchequer to jump out of his skin, as his shortest cut to somo knowledge of arithmetic. Whilst tho latter was considering whether ho ought to bo oüended, and rather carrying the question in tho affirmative, Sir Charles Wood said that ho had heard that tho spirits in America ruado poetry. " Exactly," said the Wizard, " because scarcely a man in America has an atom of pootry in him. That is tho new power. Can Lord John Russell write pootry?" Tho spirit here interposed, without being spoken to; and rapped very loudly, signifying that ho rather thought ho could. CA'-' "Then," said tho Wizard, "ho will not. bo able to make a rhyme-that will test his powers. If he rhymes hero he is no poet elsewhere." Lord Palmerston immediately demanded of tho spirit what course he intended to adopt next session. The paper boro a response To keep the field against all comers, To quoto Lord Grenville, Pox, and Somers And bother you, in any case, Until you take mo into place, Then you'll not know what I'm fiboöt, Till I upset you, cout-kick-out. " YDS, that's his patent French-those last three words," shouted the Premier. *' Bnt ho rhymes. ' Don Carlos* was not poetry." This remark so enraged tho spirit that ho hammered and clatterd until, for the .safety of his property, the Wizard was obliged to beg that tho olFcndod entity might' be either appeared or dismissed. "Ask him If ho sees ghosts," said Sir William Molesworth. Tho spirit assented. "Ask him how many ghosts of Reform Bills he sees," said the Premier. Tiio Bpirit sulky. No answer. Two or three other questions were put, which the spirit, Uko the person who writes answers to simm correspondents in the newspapers, " either declined, or was unablo to answer, or thought them too frivolous," when Lord Palmer- ston tried again. '. Ask him what Bnol is doing." A strange laugh of ironical triumph followed tho speech, and on the paper was written " Devising a peace which you will accept, and which will throw yo« all out of office." "Tho spirit's nn ass," said the Premier losing his temper. "Let us go. Good day, Mr Ander- son." And wo can state, upon authority, that tha ministers do not believe in spirit- rapping, and declare that it is all humbug. And, as that is au article which thoy should understand, pro- bably thoy aro right.- The Press. Mrs Dormouse says that a pepper-box is a useful portion of the domestic cuisine; but when n wife is a peppcr-box in herself, she had bettor bo on tho sideboard than on tho table. Temper-good temper-is ovcrytbing, and the husband who takes tho bu Mets of matrimonial fortune na easy as Horatio did those of the world, must bo an nngel. Ca?h helps along courting amnringly. As- tonishing, what balls and suppers, bracelets, "loves of bonnets," suburban rides and pic-nics, will do toward expanding tho feminine heart, and getting into tho father's house. 