RELIGIOUS RITES AND TRADITIONS OF THE ABORIGINES OF MORE- TON BAY. We quote the following extracts from a report laid before the Moreton Bay Aborigines' Friends Society, of a Journey along the Con- damine, Barwan, and Namoi rivers, by William Ridley, Missionary : — ' At Barudtha, on the Barwan, I mot a com- pany of forty blacks engaged in a ceremony in which amusement was combined with some mystical purpose. A chorus of twenty, old and young, were singing aud beating time with boomerangs Though the words and notes of their song are few, — six or eight words, with three or four variations of the same number of notes being repeated for hours,— they observe very correct time and harmony. There were a dozen mere looking on. Sud- denly, from under a sheet of bark, darted a man with his body whitened by pipe clay, his head and face colored with lines of red and yellow, and a tuft of feathers, fixed by means of a stick two feet above the crown of his head. He stood about twenty minutes perfectly still, gazing upwards. An aboriginal who stood by told me he was watching for the ghost of dead black fellows. At last he began to move slowly, and soon rushed to and fro at full speed, flourishing a branch as if to drive away some foes unseen to us. When I thought his pantomime must be almost over, ten more, similarly adorned, sud- denly appeared from behind the trees, and the whole party joined in a brisk conflict with their invisible assailants. The music waxed louder, as, now and then, the actors came stamping up to the choir, and at last, after some rapid evolutions in which they put forth all their strength, they rested from the excit- ing toil which they had kept up all night, and for some hours after sunrise, they seemed satisfied that the ghosts were driven away for twelve months. This is an annual custom. When their excitement had somewhat sub- sided, I went round to the several groups, to tell them of the only true deliverer from evil demons, and from "sin, the source of mortal woe." Wherever I have conversed with aborigines I find they have definite traditions concerning supernatural beings. Ou the Barwan and Namoi they say there is One who made all things, whom they never saw ; though they hear his voice in thunder. They speak of this being by the name "Baiame ;" and those who have learnt that "God" is the name by which we speak of the Creator, say that "Baiame is God." Some of them say that Baiame formerly ap- peared to their fathers ; and a white man as- sured me that the blacks had told him of laws given by Baiame to their forefathers. But I never heard them speak of Baiame as a Ruler, nor ascribe wisdom and goodness to him. They also believe in the existence of many demons, of whom Turramullun is the chief. They say that Turramullun is the author of diseases and of medical skill, of mischief, and of wisdom also : that he appears in the form of a beautiful serpent at their great assemblies (boras). It is remarkable that they have everywhere applied to white men the word originally meaning "ghost," or supernatural being. At Moreton Bay "makoron" is ghost, demon, or white fellow ; a little way from here "magui" bears these meanings ; and on the Barwan, "wunda" stand for the same. There is in all parts of the country a tradi- tional system of initiation into the right of manhood. Young men are not allowed to eat certain food, nor exercise other privileges, until they have passed through a series of boras. The bora is a great assembly, from which women and foreigners are excluded ; at which the young men are, with various mysti- cal rites (over a great part of the country knocking out a front tooth is an essential part of the proceedings) admitted to the rank of men. Fasting and silence are part of the pre- paration for attending a bora, enforced on the young men who are to be initiated. Even aborigines who have been accustomed to associate with white men cannot be dis- suaded from attendance on this hereditary cus- tom ; and youths who have been brought up among civilized men dare not neglect the mys- terious rites through which their forefathers all passed. 