MISCELLANEOUS. ? -I*ed Dcjtdoxaid's Piak.— The Earl of J-Dandonald has addressed the followiag letter ltd ine. editor of the Times .— ' It appears, in reWy to a question nut for the fonrtk time in tnailottse of Commons (on the 5th July;, tnat 1 my 'plans were referred to a committee, and w»3 so Tery obvious that they required no ex /pknation from LordDuadonald to render them Pgfcfectfy intelligible 5' but whether this facility »Sf comprehension proceeded from circumstances (?compatible with their practicability and effi iciency, or from their being manifestly absurd aand beneath notice, docs not appear. Thus the rreply is another instance of the oracular mode , rof ^elucidating official questions of vast, (^national importance. It seems q\ute useless i longer to ccchpy public attention by con ? tending against such enigmatical modes of ] proceeding, or to offer professional hinta tto unprofessional authority) feat it may be -well to prepare the public mind for the con -? sequences of (a rare occttrence) a naval strata ; gem, which wul no* fad to be put into practice, -in order to defeat the long-threatened bombard ment of CroastaAt— namely, by an ambush of numerous row-galleys, held in readines to pull round the eastern end of the island, and attack the battering vijssels in the flanf. To counter act the effect of such superior force I assert Hfcat there 'is to adequate means unless by tne vemploymciit of my-plan'to' the full extent of ttheir powers.- Our gunboats, fitted with higb. :pressure boilers, cannot mate a protracted rais i tance. Desirous as I am to promote the success -of Her majesty's arms and the interests of our ?couarry.Iteel that it wouldbe acruel injustice to ?me were I compelled to submit to the execution ?of my plans being transferred to other officers, especially after having kept them secret for 40 .-years in the hope to have that personal honour. -T cannot, therefore, cred t a rumour in circula tion that it ia contemplated to use the protec \- tivd innocuous portion of my plans, under tho jplea that it has beon offered by. some other per ?son, which, may well be, considering the publi f city which has been forced upon me. Indeed, 31 should not be surprised to learn that similar icommunications have reached St. Petersburg.' General Srapsos-— This General is a native ?of Eoxburghshira and was, until lately, the ^proprietor of the pretty little estate of Teviot ?bank,near Hawick, as also was his late father. His grandfather was misister of the parish of ^WHton ; and many remember his uncle, the tcolleague of the late Dr. Bruuton, of the Tron Church, Edinburgh. Ho is married to a daughter of the late Sir Eobart Dundas, of Duneira. He commanded the 29th Eegiment during the greater part of its services in Mauritius, and was succeeded by Lieutenant Colonel Wrottcsley, who commanded the ?'Worcestershire Heroes,' as that regiment 'was denominated, up to tho time of it3 em barkation for Calcutta in 18 11. General Simp son was much beloved in the 29th, and universal regret was expressed by the officers and men on the occasion of his leaving them. From the time of the arrival of &e; regiment from Port Louis it had seen considerable home ser vice, having first 1-jft Plymouth in divisions for Bristol and Newport during the riots in South. 'Wales. r£h* first division received its orders to march at midnight, and when the head-quartera arrived at Bristol the men were placed. ^ ?bia^Sj an(j, notwithstanding tho temptation, ifl»t are held out to soldiers in «uca «k situation, the defaulters in the 29th STOy^gdl $hfee. The regiment was exceedingly *-w«g:; t&ero; was a splendid band, with five Mackfelows as time- beaters, and being most picturesquely dressed they commanded uni Tvcrs&l; attention. After remaining in New jjort and Bristol for some time the regiment mroceeded to Woolwich,' thence to Edinburgh, an the Apollo, troop-ship ; afterwards to ?Glasgow and Belfast, from which latter place tthey were conveyed to Gravesend, and next Jto Calcutta, on the receipt of the news relating 'to the destruction of the 41th Regiment in tho Khyber Pass, hj the Affghans. The regiment was next engaged against Sherc Singh, and was actively employed in the campaigns of Terozeshah, Sobraon, Punjaub, ChiUianwallah, and Goojerat, in all of which they exhibited ?the greatest daring and gallantry. The present Lieutenant-Colonel, Sir George Congreve, C.B., went out as captain ; he was wounded in the campaign, promoted, and knighted with C.B. Few now survive the memorable battles above named ; but the regiment still preserves intact ?it3 original spirit, and every man who went ?out was deairoiu of emulating their predecessors .?at Boleia, Vimiera, Talavera, and Albuera, :and they at all times displayed the discipline :ond good order infused into them by General ?Simpson, the present Commander-in-Chief of vthe British forces in the Crimea. The New Governor of the Falkland Islands. — We understand that Captain Moore, R.N., an officer of several years' standing, has been appointed to this command, which is becoming one of considerable responsibility, both from the increasing importance of the islands in a commercial sense, owing to their being now a well-fitted place of call for vessels of all nations rounding the Horn, and from their political value as the " Key to the Pacific," as they were called in the last century — a designation they are likely to justify in connection with forthcoming resumed operations against the enemy in those remote waters. From the report of the Colonial and Emigration Commissoners, just issued, it appears that the erection of the lighthouse at Port Stanley has justified every expectation of its utility, and all that is now wanted to complete the accommodation for shipping is a patent slip at the same place. The salary of the new Governor, as of the old, is £800 per Annum. Mr. Governor Rennie is, we believe, already on his way home, though Captain Moore has not left this country yet. The Electric Telegraph Company. — In consequence of the successful results of the telegraphic communication with the Crimea, the Board of Ordnance have arranged with the Electric Telegraph Company for the organization of a regular staff of clerks and operatives to assist in carrying on this branch of the service. Nine have already left in the transport Empress Eugenie, taking with them a quantity of telegraph instruments and stores. They are provided with a suitable uniform. A Chinese gentleman and man of letters, named Cheuk-seen- lan, is now in London, having been brought to this country by the Rev. Dr. Heffer, the American missionary. This learned Oriental, who is about 35 years old, speaks three separate dialects of the Celestial Empire, is well versed in literature and the arts as cultivated in China, and is not only a poet and writer, but also a clever painter and musician. Literature appears to be his favourite pursuit ; and, on his return to his own country, he intends to publish a volume of poems. He went with Dr. Heffer to the British Museum, where he examined the extensive Chinese collection belonging to the library of that institution. A similar instance to the above took place about 42 years ago, when a Chinese gentleman, having accompanied an English Eastern traveller to London, published a poem descriptive of the metropolis and its sights, amusements, &c.; A translation of this poem appeared, together with the author's original, in an article " On the Poetry of the Chinese," published in the " Transactions of the Royal Asiatic Society." The general style of the poem, as rendered into English, does not sound very metrical Egyptian Discoveries. — Mr. John B. Greene, son of an American banker, has succeeded, notwithstanding the difficulties attendant on clearing away the palace of Medinet Habora, in discovering the celebrated Egyptian calendar of which Champollion could only copy the first lines. A cast of the monument was taken on the spot by means of a particular land of composition, photography not repro- ducing it properly. Different colossal figures, the upper part of which were only visible, have been now cleared away and brought to light ; one of them, in excellent preservation,, shows the features of Ramses LTL, and is about nine teen metres high. Mr. Greene, in dearine round this colossus, -was able to discover ana take drawings of the inscriptions of the pylone or grand portal erected between the two courts; and he has also proved the existence of a pave ment in granite which probably covered the whole court, and above which rose a passage which appears to have led into a second court. The excavations of Mr. Greene, which have just completely made knawn one of the most important edifices of Pharaonic Egypt, will, . by thenumerous inscriptions which they furnish, ' throw frejh light on different points of Egyptian philology. TELEGRAPH TO EGYPT AND INDIA.— The Turkish Government have granted an exclusive concession for a submarine telegraph from the Dardanelles to Alexandria. The cost will be £120,000, and the line could be completed in twelve months. An annual subsidy of £4,500 for 20 years to be paid by Turkey for the transmission of official messages ; and, as the communications from India will be accelerated from five to six days when this and the general system of telegraphs now constructing in European Turkey shall have been completed, an additional revenue of £10,400 is calculated upon by the promoters from that source. At the same time proposals are on foot for extending the project to India by carrying the communication via Suez and Aden to Kurrachee, at the mouth of the Indus where it would connect with the lines already in operation, or in course of construction, by the East India Company throughout the various presidencies. The total length from the Dardanelles to Kurrachee is about 4,000 miles, and the sum required for the whole (induing the submarine line to Alexandria) would be £850,000. Application has been made to the India House for support, in the shape of an annual allowance of £30,000 a year, subject to reduction in proportion to the ultimate success, of the undertaking. The entire line to India may, it is estimated be completed in two years. VIOLENT THUNDERSTORMS.— Shortly after 6 o'clock on Saturday morning the metropolis was visited by a violent thunderstorm, which con- ;inued for nearly an hour. The lightning was 3f a vivid character. The rain fell in torrents, ind many of the small streets at the cast end )f London were flooded for several hours. Tho market gardeners' grounds were also inundated, md considerable damage was done by tho great rail of rain. At Bristol the storm took place in hour or two previously. It commenced ibout half-past 3 o'clock, and exceeded in violence anything of the kind that has occurred in that city for the last 30 years. The thunder was very violent and the Lightning so vivid that the captains of African and Indian ships in the port de scribo it as being the nearest approach to a tro pical tornado that they ever witnessed in this country. Considerable damage was done by the haQ, which beat tho wheat down in all the surrounding country, and broke thousands of panes of glass ; and, at St. George's, Gloucester shire, theelectricfluidstruckahouseneartheDon John's-cross, destroyed the chimney, and split the house from the roof to the basement storey. A boy, twelve years of age, living at Gorton, near Manchester, was shutting a window during the thunderstorm on Saturday, when he was caught by the lightning, which struck him in the breast, and scorched his body and thighs. He was discovered soon afterwards by a neigh bour lying dead upon the floor. The samo Sash struck the brass chains of a clock, and soldered several of the links together. On Saturday evening, about 3 o'clock, the neigh bourhood of Ormskirk was visited by a heavy thunderstorm, accompanied by lightning. In a field belonging to tho farm of Mr. Bold, near Moor-hall, some seven or eight persons were at work, three of Mr. Bold's family among the number — a son about nine years of age, a daughter about seventeen, and a son something older1 — the whole of whom were struck down, the latter beiug thrown five yards from his work. The youngest son and daughter were killed on the spot, the latter having a hole literally burned in her neck, and ner hair scorched off her head. Mrs. Bold was at Liver pool market on that day, and had not re turned when the melancholy accident occurred. Wo learn that tho other brothar is slowly recovering from the effects of the lightning. On Saturday morning Oxford was visited by a violent thunderstorm, accompanied by lightning of a terrific character. Considerable damage has been done in the neighbourhood. Iu Ox ford, the parish church of St. Ebbes wa3 some what injured. Soon after 5 o'clock the light ning struck the weathercock, and in its progress knocked a small portion of the top of the tower off, passing through the roof of the church, completely melting part of the spouting. The interior also felt the effect of the shock, for after passing through the wall it struck the pulpit, and completely took the door off its hinges, At Cowley, a village within two miles of Oxford, tho lightning struck a farmhouse, injuring the chimneys, and in its progress knocking off tho hat of ono of the labourers, At Hannay, a miller, who was on the bank of a pond, for the purpose of catching a dish of fish to send to Oxford, had a narrow e3capo. no was stunned by the shock, and on recovering his selfposses sion, to his surprise, he found a bird close to him, with its head severed from the body and its wings singed, and in the pond he took up eight good-sized porch, that had been killed by tho lightning. The crops of corn have also suffered considerably from the heavy fall of rain ; whole fields have been so knocked down that it is a great chance if they will over recover their upright position. Tho town of Lavenham, Suffolk, was visited on Monday afternoon by one of the most severe thunderstorms ever remembered. At the instant of ono mighty crash the electric fluid struck a dwelling-house, formerly known as the Guildhall, in the market place, and after shattering one side of the chimney it descended to the roof, where it di vided, and stripping off a quantity of tiles on both sides of the house, ono current continued on the outside, shattering tho frames of two windows, and then passing into tho ground. The other, apparently a much stronger current, appears to have descended in a mora direct manner, having wrenched the castings of a door-way from their position ; the door- post, a piece of solid oak, was divided from top to bottom, and the piece thrown into the pa3sago, through which the wife of the occupier, J. Kin son, was passing, when she was violently whirled about, and thrown down by the con cussion, but, we are happy to say, not much injured. The rain and hail (of enormous size) poured down in torrents, tearing up the roads in some places a foot deep. A Tbopht. — General Pelissier has just pre sented to the library of Algiers a volume of the ' HiUory of the Life of Christ,' which was taken in the chapel of the Cemetery of Sebaa topol. It is in the Slavonian language, and in the folio form, is bound in the ancient style and gilt, and has two clasps in copper. On the top cover, in a gUt wreath, are the three personages of the Trinity. On one of the blank leaves is written in Bussian, 'This book belongs to the Church of the Saints of the Cemetery;' and lower down, 'Month of De cember — the priest Altin Bringin was here the 27th December, 1827.' The whole life is divided into 12 Darts, one for each month : ana tne volume in question comprises tne part for the month of December. The book was printed at Moscow, and tho paper is of a greyish colour. The titles of the chapters and the first letters of each paragraph are in red ink, and this gives it the appearance of the earlier productions of the typographic art. The bottoms of the pages are worn from constant use, and some of tho pages are so dirty as to warrant the belief that the Bussian clergy aro not rigorously required to officiate with clean hands; while other pages aro stained with drops of yellow wax, which evidently fell from the candles which it is the custom to burn in honour of tho sainta. General Pelissier, in transmitting the book to the library of Algiers, wrote the following lines, and they have been pasted in one of the fly-leaves : — 'Head-quarters before Sebastopol, 9th of June, 1855. 'History of the Life of Christ.' Taken in the chapel of theCemetery of Sebastopol, wherevictory carried us. The sacred objects and several other things were conveyed to. the Monastery of St. George ; but this book was reserved by him who had the dicretionary power, in order that it might be presented to the library of Algiers. It is in the Slavonian language, and printed in the Slavonian characters. — Peuss^bb.' EECBurnuG in the United States.— In New York, Philadelphia, Boston, it is all the same. The recruiting-sergeant no sooner shows his head and rattles his bounty-money than a squad of police is upon him, and he stands committed. In these days of dereliction from duty, it is striking and refreshing to note these evidences of vigilance. We live among sham reforms ; there are sham shuttings-up and put tings-down of grog-shop3 ; ^thero are sham attacks upon gamblers ; sham onslaughts upon strolling courtesans : sham suppressious of lot tery policy offices ; but in this anxious, inces sant pursuit of the 'allied' recruiting officers there is no shan whatever. There is a zest and animu-t about it that bespeak a profounder interest among the pursuers than is usually found to proceed from an unadulterated regard for public good. You may people the Ever glades with Filibusters ; you may enliven the banks of Bio Bravo with pugnacious adherents of Caravajal; Missourians, armed to the teeth with knives, and to the throat with whisky, may, after a month's notice, invade Kansas, and not a detective or preventive police show itself. Its eves and its energies are all spent in tho service of Russia. There is hardly a ghost of a chance discovered of getting off a full company to aid in the conquest of Sebas topol before the authorities are on the alert, and the enterprising Sergeants Kite laid by the heels. You may do anything in a business way easier than swell the ranks of the allies upon contract. While there will be general satisfaction at the prompt action taken in these cases, it is for the curious reader to satisfy himself how it may be explained. _ With all the pretended tendency of the American senti ment to the Russian side of the question, there is certainly too little fervour in it to account for this laborious vigilance in its interest ; and, somehow or other, there is a general feeling o1 satisfaction whenever the allies gain ground ii the fight A long purse at St. Petersburg, anc a shrewd agency nere, will naturally occur t- many as affording a solution j and, though wi are 'bv no means prone to Accept thw easi method of accounting for such proceedings, it will undoubtedly be widely received as satis factory. It may be that this extraordinary vigilance on the part of the Government agents is part of their recent system of preserving the perfect neutrality of this country and enforcing the laws for its observance. We shall be glad to believe that this is the true explanation, and dope the policy thus adopted may be impar tially carried out. — New Tori Times. MONSTER MORTARS FOR THE BALTIC. — Lloyd's London Newspaper of July 8th says — ' We learn that the ordnance are just now preparing artillery, more especially mortars, ipon a prodigious scale, some to carry shells vs large as the huge stone balls used by the Furks at the siege of Rhodes. We mention ;he fact, because no enemy can take advantage )f the information, as the missiles of which we (peak must defy resistance. As we are in formed, the mortier monstre, which by two dia* :harge3, or three at most, reduced the pre riously impregnable citadel of Antwerp, was a babe to those of which we speak— then* range is calculated at five miles. We presume that Cronstadt is to have the benefit of their first experiments. This is going to work in the right way." BUOYING THE CHANNELS TO THE SEA OF AZOFF. — The credit of buoying the channels past Yenikale into the Sea of Azoff having been bestowed where it is not due, it is right to state, which we do on the authority of an officer of the Miranda, that the important service in question was performed by the master of that ship, Mr. George Williams. He achieved it on the morning of the 25th of May, with indefatigable energy and perseve- rance, in the face of the enemy's fire from the batteries on the Tcheska-spit, which he passed, and, overcoming every obstacle, succeeded in buoying a channel of 16 feet into the Sea of Azoff. It will be recollected that he took the ship up to Kola, a river 32 miles long, having to sound constantly the whole distance. DREADFUL FIRES AT CONSTANTINOPLE.— Constantinople has lately been visited by some most destructive fires. A few weeks since the yali or villa of Ahmed Fethi Pasha, the brother- in-law of the Sultan, was destroyed, and now the city of Stamboul itself, and the dwellings of more humble Ottomans, have been visited by a painful calamity. Two days since a con- flagration broke out at AkseraL From half past 11 in the morning until nearly night, the city was overhung with a thick cloud, which the strong South wind seemed only to make thicker by rousing the flames, and indeed, with a wooden town, a long season of dry weather, and a strong wind, it would be difficult for the most skilful firemen, aided by the best ma chines, to make head against a conflagration. On tho present occasion no less than 1,000 houses and many shops were destroyed. STRATHALBYN MINING COMPANY. — The South Australian Copper Mining Company have received despatches from Mr. Basset, dated Strathalbyn, Adelaide, April 1, from which the directors have prepared an interesting report. Mr. Basset, in answer to questions sent out by the directors, states — 'Firstly, that the present ore of lead is but the gossan back of (I have no doubt) a much larger de posit of the ordinary 'galena,' or sulphuret, which the lode will make in depth, and which, when laid open, would be raised at a different cost, and in a different manner, from thb car bonate ; and, secondly, that tho great expenso of the present co3t is occasioned by the neces sary buildings, dead work, &e.;, which work would soon be much reduced, and which ought, therefore, not to be taken into this calculation. With regard to the ore, there are, as I have in formed you, about 800 or 1,000 tons at present laid open, and while this is being taken away, fre3h ore ground would, doubtless, bo discovered. The actual gossan does not extend much below 10 or 12 fathoms from the surface in depth, but would exist in greater or less quantities along the length of the lode in every place where the formation is favourable to its deposit ; below this, the lode, as is customary beneath all gossans, begins to get closer, and as we find in the winze to the north of Basset's shaft the 'galena' began to make its appearance. After these gossans are worked out, that mineral, together with copper, would become the permanent yield of the mine. The ' galena,' as it exists in the strings and squats at the bottom of the winze, gives about 36 to 40 ounces of silver to the ton ; and should the bulk of the lode, when we cut it at sufficient depth to allow it to settle, yield on an ave rage this produce, it would, of course, pay well to send home without smelting, galena being of about 75 per cent, for lead ; any smelter, however, that should be sent out should, therefore, be well able to smelt galena. Your enquiries, with regard to the quantity a man can break also requires some explanation to be given to you: in favourable positions, a man could break several tons a day ; but, as the lode varies in hardness in different parts, and as the ground becomes laid open, tho man has more or less advantage to employ his labour ; and as dead work has to be executed for various purposes, the mere quantity a man can break in any given time would form a criterion of the amount of labour required to secure a given yield. I think that about ten to twelve men would keep up the yield I mentioned — 10 tons a week. The ave rage gross value of the ore appears to bs about £14 to £17 per ton, and the produce, as nearly as I can estimat3 it, about 35 to 4') per cent, for lead, and 27 to 35 ozs. of silver per ton, with about one-third to nearly one-half oz. of gold per ton. I need hardly point out that, with an expensive management, the true economy is that which would complete them in the shortest time, and so bring all tho boutccs of profit into a yielding condition. I propose to lay open the lodes at three places — Firstly, at Basset's shaft, where I am happy to say we are, as you know, already in a remunerative condition, and where, by further development, I have not the least doubt we should become vastly so ; Becondly, at Mary's Bhaft, where from the vendor's description, and by other external circumstances which corroborate these descriptions, we may safely conclude that we should also be breaking ore in laree Quan tities ; and, thirdly, at a spot, ot which 1 have i great opinion, near Arthur's Seat (where the best ore was got by the old company), and midway between Basset's Bhaft and Mary's shaft ; and, consequently, tho best site for the large engine, which would ultimately have to take the pumping labour of both mines upon itself. At this spot I think I can also under take to promise a fine deposit of ore in depth, from indications in Arthur's Seat, and the general character of the lodes and ground about that shaft. You know my opinion of the promise the lode gives, as I have spoken much of it in my former reports. I believe all wo have at present to be a mere nothing to what we shall have below.' Mr. Basset requests certain machinery to be sent out ; but in this he has bem anticipated by the directors, as a steam-engine of the power required, the pit and bob-work, &c.;, supplied by Messrs. Nicholls and Williams, of Tavistock, were shipped per the South Sea, which sailed on the 2nd of May last, also all the necessary materials for a blast-furnace, and a practical carbonate of lead and galena smelter, was sent out in the Oliver Lang, which sailed three days afterwards. The annual general meeting will be held in the course of the present month, when a general report will be laid before the shareholders. — Mining Journal, July 7. Substitute foe the Potato. — A very useful French society, called the ' Imperial Society of Acclimation,' has just_ closed its session by a sitting at which some interesting communications were made. One was to the effect that 15,000 tubercles of the discorea batates of China, which can very satisfactorily in cases of emergency replace the potato, have been distributed, with proper instructions for their cultivation, amongst the various depar ments of France, as well as Algeria, England, Germany, Piedmont, Sicily, Sardinia, &c.; Kb doubt is entertained that this very useful vegetable will ultimately enter very largely into the list of articles of food. Mr. Thomas Wright, C.E., has designed a bed-plate, sleeper, andiron roadway, combining the advantages of the longitudinal and trans verse system, and upon which 100 miles an hour may be performed with perfect safety. _ 