THE LEGALITY OF A NEW ELECTORAL ROLL. 'Wia think thnt the public mind may feel per- fectly at case about tho. legaüty.of a new Elec- toral Holl, notwithstanding the opinion so strongly expressed: by tho SOLICITOH-GENEHAI,. It is, in our view,'somewhat mawollous that the honorable ami ilearned gentleman, after in- troducing any-bill at all, should have taken ground so hostile to tho more just appreciation ol' tile subject. What wo have now to saVj however, is intended to set public apprehen- sion at rost, rather than to quiet tho consciences ol' Ibo law ollicers of tho Grown. There have been such egregious anomalies in thc wholo matter of tho Constitution', which Crown lawyers either will not ,, see, or will not stol) to consider, that it is hopeless to bring them up on tho score of illegalities. Wo only regret that they should allege them where there is so littlo occasion, and omit all montion of thom whore they really exist, and that in matters ol' tho gravest importance. . If there bo any illegality in any part of the process of passing an Act .for tho,, new elec-¡ tiona, it is to be lound in the bill originally* brought forward, and not . in < that provision' wliiülítlio* lawôEfioors object anything- about ^tho matter, wo shall choose to deny that the SoLiciTOR- GENEnAt,'H' bill,1 as it stood at first, could be passed under a compe- tent or unquestionable power. Tho reason is so obvious, that it is perfectly astonishing it is not seen. ' The. learned gentleman has been seeking to bring in, by' virtuo of tho now Constitution, a class of doctors unknown under tho old ono, and for which tho old one makes not the slightest provision. But tho now Constitution' is not in force yet, and the actual' Legislature can derive no powers by anti- cipation from it. In our serious, belief, there- fore, if anything in tho whole matter bo illegal, it must be tho attenrpt pf the prosentLegisla.ture to provide for.what is beyond its functions. It cannot bo ' strictly competent ' for the present Legislature to alter tho quality pf. the actual franchise; for there is an Act of Parliament yet in force against any such alteration, and it will continue in force . as long aa the present Council exists. ' How, then, can 'that Council make'' any ' arrangements to bring in a new franchise? Wo think that a very strong objection could be raised on this -point, and that some doubt about tho ?perfect legality of the, provision will haunt it after it lias been made and brought into opera- tion.. We do not say that wa ^yould raise that objection or 'irisist on it; but only, that if the other claim'.'' 'bp' objected to on thc score of alleged '.' illegality^ it .is fit that tho moro uiio , quivocal illegality of this provision should be compared with it. ! We say that the claim for, which w'c have coil-' ' tended lids . far loss appearance of illegality about it than that of tho new electors. The reason is, that there is no Parliamentary enact- ment still in force to prevent tho Council from passing an Act for a totally new electoral roll. The Act of Parliament accompanying thc New Constitution, whatever may be tho force it gives to that Constitution, does not interfere with the existing Council, which continues ,to act under the Parliamentary Law of 1850, and will continue so to act as long as it exists. And the Parliamentary Law of 1850 does not proscribe the ' electoral registration of thc colony, but leaves that entirely to local enact- ment. It is therefore clear, that tho existing Legislature can make any regulation it dooms proper to provide votes for those whose quali- fications aro within the Parliamentary pre- scription. Without any doubt at all, then, tho Council now sitting has a perfectly logal power to pass a new electoral roll, or a supplementary one, to enfranchise those whom the existing Parlia- mentary Law describes as qualified. What is the nature of the doubt that haunts the minds of honorable and learned gentlemen we aro wholly at a loss to conceive ; in our opinion it is the mere ghost of a doubt-it can have no substance in it. But thc doubt on thc other point, about which those functionaries entertain none, is not quite so shadowy ; for it arises out of the non-existence of any law in actual force to warrant in express terms the"procedure. There was an oversight in this matter in passing the Constitution Bill. A mode should have been prescribed, and enacted by Parlia- ment, of bringing the new class of electors to the poll for the first elections. We find no such provision. In attempting to make one, there- fore, tho present Council will havo to presume, and the public will have to take it for granted, that the presumption is right. And certainly there can be no great harm in that presump- tion after the singular way in which tho legal- ity of the Constitution itself, as it has been remitted, lias benn, and continues to be, taken for granted. If the greater presumption may be allowed, so may tho less ; especially where the less is on tho sido of equity, and where the equity of the greater, or its safety, is dubious. It is inevitable, that at no distant term a Parliamentary Reform will bo called for, and one point for revision will be the six months' qualification, either essen- tially or circumstantially. If tho idea be funda- mentally right, it is applied so wrongly, as to amount to a most unconstitutional iniquity. That any man should lose his parliamentary representation, by merely shifting his residence to tho other side of a wall six inches thick, while in every other respect his qualifications may increase, is so flagrantly wrong, and so monstrously absurd, and so extensively mis- chievous, that it is impossible it should con- tinue to be tho rule. But this rule the present Council has no power to alter, simply because an Act of Parliament sustains it. But that Act of Parliament will terminate with thc pro- clamation of tho new ono ; and by our now Legislature the rule can be amended. 