VISITATION OF THE CLERGY. The Lord Bishop of Adelaide held a Visitation yes terday morning, in Christ Church, North Adelaide, when his Lordship was attended by the Revds. Messrs. Wm. John Woodcock, James Pollitt, William Henry Coombs, John Charles Bagshaw, Arthur Bernard Bur nett, John Fulford, Edward King Miller, Frederick Edward Platts, John Whitstow Schoales, Edmund Jen kins, John Brisbane Titherington, Charles Marryatt, Robert Strong, William Hayden Burnett, Alexander Russell Russell, George Henry Farr, Edward Bayfield, William Wood. The Sendees were conducted very nearly in the manner of the English Cathedral Services, the Rev. J. Bagshaw reading prayers, and. the Rev. C. Marryatt reading the lessons of the day. The litany was read by the Rev. G. H. Fan*, the responses being given by the choir to Tallis's music. The communion service was performed by the B shop, and the responses were taken from Pilbrow's music. The sermon was delivered by the Rev. Mr Burnett, from a text taken from the 13th chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, and the 9th and 10th verses—"Then spake the Lord to Paul in the night by a vision, Be not afraid, but speak, and hold not thy peace; for I am with thee, and no man shall set on thee to hurt thee : for I have much people in this city.-' The Rev. preacher, in his discourse, dwelt upon the importance of the charge committed to the hands of the minister of religion, remarking upon the tempta tions which beset his path in the busy round of every day life, and the necessity for watchfulness against the encroachments of worldly feelings and desires. He _ urged the duty of the clergyman, to make his life and ■ conduct of such transparent sincerity that they might convince men of their whole desire to do them good, to secure their eternal salvation. They should, he con tended, bear witness of the truth in earnestness and simplicity, preaching Christ and Hira crucified, mid by a plain and unvarnished statement of the truths of the Gospel, not seeking to meet half way the current no tions and maxims of the day—showing to all men their mission. The Gospel was given to them to preach in its native purity and its primeval majesty, not to en close it in subtle reasoning? and refinements which only tended" to hide it from the sight of men ; and it was when the preaching of the Gospel was con ducted in its purity that the blessing of of God accompanied it to the hearts of the multitude who became converted in the early days of the Church. Let them seek to obtain mercy in the Lord to enable them to be faithful, and whether they saw little or much success following their labours, they might know that they had followed the path of duty trusting in God. The Offertory followed the sermon, the Rev. W.- J. Woodcock reading that part of the service, and also the post-communion. W. Bartley, Esq., the Registrar, having called over the list of the clergy, His Lordship delivered his charge, as follows:— Reverend Brethren—I have called you together at this early period after my return, with the view of lay ing before you the documents containing the constitu tions which I am about to propose for the regulation of this Diocesan Church, and the trust deeds for the settlement of the property given for its support. I have to entreat your solemn and earnest attention to the matters contained in both; as upon the recognition of right principles, both in the organization of the Church and the uses of ecclesiastical property, the future well-being and vitality of our Church (so far as they result from human arrangements) will in the main depend. After the discussions which have taken place on these subjects, it cannot be unknown to you that the legal machinery by which ecclesiastical law is admi nistered in England, has no practical existence in this colony ; and while the obligations solemnly undertaken by the Clergy at their ordination remain in full force, and are as binding upon the conscience as at the mo ment when they took on thena their vows, yet the statutes by which in England those obligations are protected, and the judicial processes there in use, are incapable of being put into action here. The Church of England, incorporated with the Constitution of the mother country, has no peculiar connection with the Local Government or Civil Courts of the colony beyond any other Christian body. Nor are there special voluntary agreements between the Bishop, Clergy, and Laity, like the model trust deed prepared by John Wesley for the members of his society, which can be enforced by ordinary process in the Civil Courts upon those who depart firom theii engagements. Thus deprived of ecclesiastical, statute, and legal machinery, on the one hand; and with no regulations or trust deed defining the rights and duties of the Bishop, Clergy and Lav Members of our communion, on trie other^ weare left for whatever measure of order and discipline prevails among us, to the uncertain rule of usage and habit; or, what is better, a conscientious regard for the principles of the Church. It is matter for thankful acknowledgment that thiSf ecclesiastical condition, " ab nor mis et ex lex as it is, has not p duced more of disorder and unseemly contention among us. Perhaps we have all m some measure felt that if, like the Apostle, we were witout law, yet that we wire under law to Christ, and so througti grace have been preserved from that besetting sm of the carna miiid and mark of the apostasy, which St. Paul, his Second Thessalonians, designates as anoma or law leSIn the absence, also, of a well-considered and legally drawn model trust deed, each ecclesiastical district lias been compelled to form ics own, thus incurring far moie expense, and that for instruments defective m their provisions, or of dissimilar usage, which, at some future time will probably result in great practical inconvenience to the Church at large. Above all this ecclesiastica isolation tends to weaken the ties which bind the various congregations together, and to render common action and general co-operation in Church objects less attainable. It introduces, in fact* Congregationalism in the place of Church union. But it is an object we all . have at heart that the Colonial Dioceses shall be one with the mother-church in doctrine, in discipline, 111 . lithurgical order, in tone, in mind, in spirit; not less nearly does it concern the well being of every Diocesan Church to connect together its various parts by one general system of regulations, and to be guided by the counsels of" one central duly constituted goi ernmg In order, then, if possible, to effect the above objects in a legal and satisfactory manner, I felt it desmable to proceed to England, where I could obtain the sugges tions and advice of those most experienced in ecclesias tica^aw and in the principles of our Church. Placing accordingly in such hands the resolutions framed at the several meetings of our provisional Assembly, the docu ments which I now lay before you are the result ; in the establishment of which as the constitutions and trust deed of this diocese I desire your concurrence. No sooner had the need of local regulations by the colonial dioceses began to be felt, than difficulties were raised^frhich seemed to stand in the way of any satisfactory conclusion. The legality of any meeting of the Bishop, clergy, and laity of a colonial diocese to agree upon Synodal constitutions and deed ot trust was questioned ; the provisions of which conse quently would be invalidated by the illegality of such me6tinCT. Thus the relation, of the Colonial Dioceses to the Established Church hampered their powers of self regulation ; and while none of the advantages of being exclusively a Church of the State appeared to be ex tended to the colonies, the feebleness of Erastianism and the odium of a dominant Church alone remained as our portion. [Were the Colonial Dioceses integral parts of the United Church of England and Ireland, of because unendowed, were they Free Churches with power to regulate their own standards of faith, discipline, and lithurgical services, merely connected by the ties of affection and sympathy with their spiritual mother, like the Episcopal Church in the United States.] With regard to the legal question, the doubt arose from the construction put on 25 Hen. VIII., c. 19, com mTffily known as the Act of Submission, which was held to forbid all synodal meetings whatever without license from the Crown. But the statute was plainly intended to restrain meetings of Convocation, and the promulgating Canons by the Bishops and Clergy with out the consent of the Crown, which therein acted as trustee for the laity and as depository of the supreme civil authority, which might again be, as it had been, encroached upon by such canons. That this is the true construction of the statute which applies to the National Synod of the Church of England is now ad mitted by the ablest lawyers. It did not apply even to Ireland, much less to dependencies of the realm of Eng land unknown and undreamt of in those days. Diocesan Synods, indeed, stand on different grounds from National or even Provincial Synods of the two Provinces of Canterbury and York. ^ Diocesan Synods have no power to make Canons which shall bind Pro . vincial Syuods or the Metropolitan as Judge of the Superior Ecclesiastical Courts; but they have authority to adapt Provincial Canons (such as the Cauons of 1603) to the wants of the Diocese ; to make regu lations in the nature of bye-laws, provided they do not overthrow or contravene the principles of those Canons. That such Synods are legal was proved by the Synod of his clergy lately summoned by the Bishop of Exeter, and such synodal action is admitted by the Archbishop of Canterbury in his latest Charge to be legal. The Synod of Exeter was no contravention of the Statutes of Henry VIII. The best commentary, however, upon that statute is supplied by the " Refor matio Legum," begun under Archbishop Cranmer with authority of Act of Parliament passed in 1549 by Henry vHI., continued in the reign of Edward VI., and finally approved of by Archbishop Matthew Parker, in 1571, from whose MSS. I now proceed to quote^ In the portion of the work entitled, " De Ecclesia," we find, c. 18, treating of" Provincial Synods," the calling of which by the Archbishop is thus restrained by the Crown—" Sine nostra voluntate ac jussu nunquam con yocentur." But what say the next chapters (19 and 20.) The former is entitled, " De Synodo enjuslibet Episcopi in sua dioccesi." The latter commences thus" Singulo quoque anno Synodus ab Episcopo indieatur." It is ' absurd, then, to suppose that the previous Act of Sub mission was intended to forbid these Diocesan Synods, which by the same King are commanded to be held, whilejat the same time the most jealous eare is taken to restrain the meeting of the Provincial Synod of Canter bury or York without the commandment of the Crown ! But the history of the Church itself furnishes instances of such Synods, held by prelates whose names throw a lustre o+er our Church—Bedell, Bishop of Kilmore, the great promoter of the translation of the Scriptures into Irish, held a Synod in the year 1638 ; and the Consti tutions there made may be found in the Appendix of his Life by Bishop Burnett, who says:—"When the news of this was carried to Dublin, some said it was an illegal assembly, and that his presuming to make Canons was against law, and brought him within the guilt of pra munire." But nothing followed upon it, although the arbitrary Strafford at that time was administering the government of Ireland. Burnett adds, "That Arch bishop Usher, who knew well how much Bedell could say for himself upon this head, advised those that moved that he might be brought up on it, to let him alone, lest lie should be provoked to say more for himself than any of his accusers could sey against him." We have thus the testimony of Usher in favour of Diocesan Synods, added to that of Bedell, and we may adduce Arch bishops Leighton and Wake as witnesses to the same points, as well as the more modern instances of the Bishop of Exeter and the Archbishop of Canterbury. I did not, however, rely solely upon the testimony of Bishops, however eminent, to the use, and need, and lawfulness of such Diocesan Synods. In order to lest xeeuracy of the opinion, I had further recourse to Mhe hghest legal advice, and had the satisfaction of Teaming from Sir R. Bethell, Sir P. Kelly, and Mr "Napier of the Irish bar, and A. J. Stephens, Esq , whose compilation of the ecclesiastical statutes shows him to be intimately acquainted with ecclesiastical law, that such Diocesan Synodal meetings were strictly legal and that within their competency they might make bye laws or local constitutions to carry out the canons of the ecclesiastical canons of the province of which they form apart. They can, indeed, make no law binding superior ecclesiastical authority, but they can bind themselves to carry out existing ecclesiastical law. Now this is pre cisely the power we want. Our object is not to make a new or independent Church. We desire not to change Doctrines, Liturgy, or canons, but simply to adopt rules by which those usages and principles of our Church may be effectually expressed, and which may be sus tained by the Local Courts of the colony as on any other case of simple contract. Even were it not thus morally certain that in framing Synodal constitutions we are about to follow a strictly legal and ecclesiastical course, the respective bills of the Archbishop of Canterbury and of the present ministry, remove all doubt as to the readiness of the Church and Government at home to concede all neces sary power. The Archbishop's Bill, indeed, lapsed on the ground that self-government having been granted to the colonies, it was not for the Imperial Parliament to legislate positively for any portion of their inhabi tants; and with regard to the Solicitor-General's Bill, the change of the Secretary of State for the Colonies, together with the pressure of business at the close of last session, caused its unexpected withdrawal, although with the full support oi* Ilei* Majesty's Government it is to be brought forward again in the ensuing session. Every doubt will then be set at rest. Acting, there fore, on the conviction that I am proceeding in accord ance with the law of the Church and of the land, the example of the most approved of our Bishops in each century since the Reformation, and the consenting authority of our civil and ecclesiastical rulers, I pro pose to summon a Diocesan Synod to consider the con stitutions which I have caused to be framed, and a trust deed for the settlement of such property as may be given-for the support of this Diocesan Church. I have already stated the powers and limitations of such Diocesan Synods. They cannot^ make laws but only bye-laws and rules of proceeding, binding on those who personally or by due representation agree to them. But here a most important question arises, how should such Synods be composed, and what the autho ritv respectively to be exercised by the several com ponent parts of that body r That the Church is the " congregatio Jidelium the general body of professed believers, and the clergy the ministers and servants of that jyeat body for Christ s sake, no one will dispute. That the latter are to teach and rule in the congregation, yet not as lords over God s heritage, nor possessing dominion over its faith, is equally clear. St Paul admonished the Hebrew ser vants to obey them that have the rule over them, anu submit themselves, and he himself excluded irom com munion tile incestuous Corinthians and other evil doers. This relation of teachers, disciples, pastors, and noek, spiritual rulers and those subject to them, for conscience sake, is based 011 the divine commission, to bmd and loose, given to ministers 011 their ordination, ihis is a distinction between the laity and clergy not to be obli terated, and Consequently not to be forgotten or laid aside in any Diocesan Regulations to be adopted. That the laity have also their parts and duties m the Chilrch is no less certain ; but neither truth nor god liness are likely to be subserved by confusing their offices and responsibilities with those of the cmig). The adjustment of tliis grave question turns upon the point where rests the responsibility of < feeding the Church df God" with true doctrine* and separating from the congregation them that walk disorderly. - ow, Scripture, the history of the Church, and the ecclesias tical laws of the Church of England, assigns this re sponsibility to the ministry alone, 111 the person of the Bishop, aided by his presbyters, and acting, so far as is possible, in concurrence with the lay memoers of his flock. The Angel of the Apocalyptic Churches is alone held responsible for the state df his people ; and so bt Paul bids Timothy, sent by the Apostle to regulate the Church at Ephesus, " hold fast the form of sound words, and commit the same to faithful men, who shall bo able to teach others to exercise jurisdiction over the elders, and count those worthy of double honour who laboured in the word and doctrine." A man that was an heritic, after a first and second admonition, Titus was to reject from communion, and thus the power of the kej s at. - niitting to the visible Church by baptism, and excluding therefrom, by casting out of communion, cearly rests with tlie commissioned ministers of God, acting in each Church, under the paramount authority of the chief or presiding pa9tor. This responsibility cannot be dcvo.ved upon the leitv. The Bishop "and clergy are separated to the preaching of the Word, to be expositors of tlie law of Christ, and are answerable to Him for its enforcement; but to guard against party or ill-considered acts of discipline, the verdict or concurrence of the laitv as to whether that law has been broken, may fittingly be had. The appeal to tha Judicial Committee of the Privy Coun cil is of this nature ; yet even here cases might arise, it vital doctrine were directly, or by implication, impugned, when it would become the duty of the ministers of God to refuse obedience to the doctrines of menf and to teach God's truth rather than any human perversion of P. Such undivided responsibility was claimed and acted upon by more than 400 ministers in that dis ruption -which severed, a few years ago, tlie Kirk of Scotland. The like authority is asserted by the Con-! foren.ee of the 5rVesleyan body, which is tlie supreme court of appeal; and such* too, the Church of England j claims for her national Synod in controversies of the faith. Yet in none of these cases is infallibility claimed for the judicial or synodal decision, as in the Papal Church. The Prqtestant laity have still the right ofj private judgment. They may "prove all things, but liolcl fast that which they find in their conscience to be good." They may take on themselves the responsibi lity of differing from tlie j uclgment of their pastor^, nor can they be forced against tlieir own will and con science to hearken and obey. Thus they cxeicise a negative voice, and can refuse concurrence in minis terial decisions. Personal freedom is thus scciuc spiritual liberty safe. The presence, at least, of the laity, 111 the first Synod at Jerusalem is undoubted; and in the proiinci.il councils of the Cypriance age, their attendance is also acknowledged. That they ever voted on doctrinal questions is denied by the most accurate and learned writers. , Tlie superscription of the pastoral or Syno dical letter to the Gentile Churches is thus explained by a recent influential Wesleyan writer, the Rev. Alfred Barrett, whom I cite from principally as an unbiassed witness, "Tlie Brethren," he says," wore associated with the Apostles and Elders at Jerusalem, as testifying to the truth and reality of the acts of these latter in council, and that this document was a faithful account of those decisions." I knoiv that v. b of that chapter states that the Apostles and Elders came together to consider of this matter, and v. 4 of chap. 1G says that the decrees were ordained of the Apostlc-s and Elders which were at Jerusalem, thus apparently excluding the laity from doctrinal legislation, let comparing verses 23 and 28, " lhe Apostles, Elders, and ( Brethren," and.then "it seemed good unto the Holy Ghost and to tis to lay upon you no greater burden, &c.;," it is evident that the decree which runs in their name, as well as that of the Elders and Apostles, and above all, the Holy Ghost Himself. It is true that the point in question had already been decided by the Holy Spirit, when St. Peter was instructed by his vision to go in .and eat with Cornelius, who was also baptised by the Spirit I without being bound to keep tlio whole law' of cir cumcision. The concurrence, neveithelees, of tlie Brethren, was invited and expressed in that decree, and which consequently was issued in the name of the whole Church of Jerusalem *, and, doubtless, where the Spirit of God is, there the like sameness of judg ment will be found in ^things pertaining to God between the clergy and laity, even to the end of the world. That the laity joined on that occasion m eleoting those who should be sent to promulgate tlieir decrees, is certain; that they also nominated and set before the Apostles the seven deacons, is equally plain. Here, indeed, they have an undoubted right as well as in the management of the monetary concerns of the churches, a principal share. And if in judicial matters and in .questions of doctrine, their advice and concurrence may fitly be sought; still the ultimate responsibility, by the appointment of God, does not rest with them, but with the Bishops and Presbyters acting under and with them for the furtherance of the truth. Keeping then in mind this leading principle, " that ministerial responsibility arising from the Divine Com mission to teach and fee'd the flock, cannot be devolved on those who have 110 such calling, admitting on the other hand the wisdom and propriety of seeking the concurrence of the laity in judicial sentences and doc trinal decisions; above all, allowing their right in the administration of the funds of the Church, and giving full liberty of expressing their opinion as to the eligi bility of candidates for the ministerial office. I have endeavoured so to frame the constitutions and title-deed as to meet these principles and requirements. It is for you to consider how far the task has been successfully achieved. Much toil, and pains and desire to arrive at the truth, have been expended on it. Such as these documents are, I place them in your hands, reminding you of the very solemn responsibility now devolving upon us, namely, that of exercising the inherent rights and duties of the Church to the glory of God and furtherance of the Gospel, in accordance with Primitive Apostolic and Scriptural rule. That in the absence of statute law and statute sup port we have need of recurring to the first principles of that Divine institution, no one who has been engaged in Church extension in this colony can for a moment doubt. Independent congregations, a disunited Presbytery, an Episcopate absolute in name, but weak in power ; a laity anxious to do there part, and yet ill instructed in their rights and duties—how, with such untempered , mortal can.we hope to raise a spiritual building, or plant a vigorous branch of the United Church of Eng land and Ireland in this soil, or how advance the king dom of God by vital religion and mutual love ? How shall we know the members of our Church, or provide for their being visited at their homes, or assembled in the congregation, without a general porochial organiza tion ? It is only by making full iiroof of your ministry, by feeding the sheep, feeding the lambs of Christ, that you can work the work of God. But liow can you sys tematically bring home the gospel to your flock, if you know them not, nor enter them upon the register of the Church ? And if no sympathy pervades the body of our members, I know not how the weaker are to be cared for, or the ministry of the word impartially secured to them. 1 How, without due organization, is it possible to fulfil i the precept that the members should have tlie same care I one for the other; the larger congregations assisting and supporting the weaker ? Disjointed efforts are always feeble. Local affections, narrow-minded, and disunited congregations jealous of each other. To Godliness we are first to add brotherly kindness, and to brotherly kindness charity. The love of God in Christ is like the material sun. There is nothing hid from the heat thereof; and the Church, which is the spouse of Christ, is then most like the Bridegroom, when His love is shed abroad in licr heart, and she loves all them that are His for "His sake, who lovedhhem, and gave Himself for them. If the plans I propose to you, and the regulations which shall be adopted, result in a more diffusive charity among our people, a closer union amongst our selvcsj! more constant pastoral superintendence, more vital religion, and deeper attachment to their spiritual guides, the days and hours will not have been ill ex pended which'have been devoted to their preparation. Of one thing I am satisfied, that God will be with that Church and those members who neither for ambition nor lucre, nor by constraint, give themselves to the work; who, penetrated with the love of God in Christ for lost and fallen man, seek to save souls from that j eternal perdition which is bound up with alienation from God and emnitv to holiness of the carnal mind. This is the true work of the Church and its ministers, and, in so far as a proper organization may tend to foster a vigorous inner life, so far may synods and constitutions, and trust -deeds, be lawful and expedient; but they will never be a substitute for the living energy of the spirit of Christ, or supersede the power of that Love which flows from Hint who Himself is love, em bracing the whole of His intelligent creatines, is^ testified also by all His material works in all places of his dominion, even to the verge of space itself. Extract from Burrow. A Treatise of the Pope s Supremacy. Vol. 7, p. 345.—At first each church was settled apart under its own Bishop and Presbyters, so as independently and separately to manage its own con - cernments ; each was " governed by its own head, and had its own laws.'' Every Bishop, as a Prince in his own church, did act freely, according to his will and discretion, with the advice of his Ecclesiastical Senate, and with the consent of his people (the which lie did use to consult), without being controllable by any other or accountable to any, further than his obligation to uphold the verity of Christian profession and to main tain fraternal conunuhioii in charity and peace with neighbouring churches did require ; in which regard, if he were notably peccant, he was liable to b« disclaimed by them as 110 good Christian, and rejected from com munion, together with his church, if it did adhere to him to his misdemeanours. Extract from Bishop Sage, A Vindication of Treatise intituled The Principle of the Cypriance Age.— The Bishops of those times upon many prudential con siderations, some perhaps common to all ages, others peculiar to their own times and circumstances, were wil ling to give all proper and reasonable satisfaction to the people concerning sometimes the neeessity, sometimes the expediency, always the equity of whatever resolution they took, or orders they appointed, or methods they chose, or decrees they made, or canons they enacted, or sentences they formed, or censures they inflicted, in a word, of their whole administration of the Government. Nay, it is very credible that they were very tender of doing anything that might cross the people's inclinations. It is credible they seldom or never did it but when the people were notoriously unreasonable. They were will* ing, and it was their wisdom to live in concord and good correspondence with the people, not to offend them, not to provoke them, not to embitter them. Whatever al lowances therefore could consist with the honour and deference duo to paternal authority tliey were willing to grant to the people. But it was very well consistent with the honour and regard due to such authority that as many of the people as pleased, and was convenient even in Provincial Councils, to be witnesses of what was done in them. It was no ways inconsistent with the interests and exigencies of authority even to allow such of the people as pretended to hear them to propose reasonable overtures or reasonable objections. It Avas in many cases necessary that from the people they should receive informations and testimonies concerning matters of fact. To he allowed to give advice is one thing, and to define is another. There is a great difference be tween debating and determining; and if the people were allowed to he present they could not be hindered to judge unless their natures had been changed, it being natural to men, as they are men, to have their own judgment of everything that comes to their knoAvledge. But to judge as a man, and to judge as a man in autho rity, are very different things. The Clergy then adjourned to the Parsonage, and partook of luncheon ; and the choir were also enter tained at luncheon, spending the remainder of the day very agreeably. 