MEROP OLIT AN GOSSIP. I [From the Correspondent of the Liverpool I Albion.'] I ^ The ' Comic Old Gentleman,' as tho Juve nile is now known since the Boz baptism of Wednesday night, must assuredly bo in grave mood, if only for the first time in his life, al the Cabinet Council this afternoon. Raglan dead;^ Sevastopol still standing ; cholera scourgiug the ^ camp ; the dog-days drawing nigh ; the period of plague on the Bosphorus approaching, with materials to feed upon it never had since the Crusades ; a derided | House ot gammons ; a distrusted Executive ; a distracted people ; every artifice of trick in the arsenal of political legerdemaiu played out. and the chief conjuror himself in tho seventy third year of his age, with no man in per spective fit to hold a candle to him, bad as he is ; these are a combination of circumstances that might appal the insouciant Premier Mel bourne, aud can hardly fail' to alarm his rather less apathetic brother-in-law and suc cessor, Premier Palmerston. If they don't they certainly affright most other people ; always of course excepting TJrquhart, who as he foresees everything, can be snprised by nothiug. He certainly has foreseen, and foretold to tho letter and to the semi-colon, all that has been enumerated, with a good deal more tliarfc may not be mentioned with out impropriety just yet. But, of all that he feresaw, seemingly the most improbable, not to say impossible, was that Palmerston him self would be just where he , is at this very juncture of affairs ; and that he would be there iu consequence of the utter exhaus tion of all means among all parties to find an endurable substitute for him ; because he is part of each party, and with any one party can paralyze all the rest. Hence, amidst all tllfi hp.n.t.H nf t.llA TTnnen nnrl tlm takes things cool ; and fortune favors the brave in his case with her proverbial partiality for audacity. Here's another week's respite from Roebuck's motion — put off now, by the pertinacity of the black pea coming up instead of the white ono in the ballot-box, till the 17 th. Seventeen days from this date ? What may happen within that time who can tell ? Not that the clever est man in the Ministry, unless perhaps it be the member for We3tbury; and his knowledge is confined to what concerns Number One; for he knows that poor old Wood is on his very last legs, and that tho chairmanship of the Board of Inland Revenue will be placed at the disposal of a gentleman able to write re markably able articles on the necessity for Administrative Reform when quite sure that such reform won't affect the life interest of the writer in a comfortable office unconnected with the vicissitudes of Parliament. But beyond that the Economist itself would be sparing in its belief that anything is certain. Eveu'the Postmaster-Generalship maybe given to Lord Dufferin and gone again before the seventeen days are over ; and so may tho Embassy to Constantinople ; for it is said to be resolved upon that the Roving Englishman's bete noir, Sir Hector Stubble, has lately made such a particular goose of himself in Turkey, that home ho must come ; and that it is partially with a view to propitiate his wrath when he does come, and to keep him from being as com municative about injudicious bottle-holding as Admiral Napier is disposed to be, that' his relative, Lord Canning, is allowed to go- to India — a sort of round-about way of doing a good turn which is equalled by obliging Lord Seymour in the person of his brother-in-law Dufferin, should the latter worthy chip of tho old Sheridan block really get the Post. A good many causes have been assigned for the unexplained absence of Paxton from tho meeting, and one of the alleged reasons was that a certain exalted personage got hold of TViirnncliin/i ? H..1 T\ ? -1 ° . . mm UUUlb v, maue I-, promise lie wouldn't go ; which P. didn't in obedience to the Princely Cavendish, whom he certainly ought to obey, though people do also say that the obligation is mutual ; for if it had not been for P . that D. would bo nowhere, or at least somewhere that Dulces ought not to be. ' Put 110 1 your trust in princes' is inapplicable in Paxton's case. He did put his trust in this Trince, and the Prince proved to him a most trustworthy trustees. Every one knows the result ; and if they don't, they havo only to open their eyes in the transept of the Crystal Palace at Sydenham, and behold the tremen dous teapot, or whatever is that silver some thing under a glass case, with a signboard inscription upon it telling all the world what D. thinks , of ' his friend P. in reference to the surrounding Glass-house, at which no one thinks of throwing stones, save precious ones, such as the French Emperor heaped upon- the vitriou3 architect, through the medium of a snuff box, which figures beside the Devonshire gift, and with the Imperial cipher upon it— a c'pher which Sir Joseph values as a most acceptable figure in coinuection with that incomparable numeral Number One. But if even Paxton had been the Duke's right-hand man in tho sense thus i.nplied, it would be dealing a left-hand blow at the order his Grace belongs to for Sir J oseph to be censorious in the fashion of the Administrative Reformers with the aristocracy: — -he who' has been mado what he is by the' principal aristocrat in the peerage, the very leviathan of all the oligarchs, aud whose stew wards and gardeners are mado Barons and Knirhts merelv becansn t.lmv m-o ttm and chattels of the ' Princely Cavendish.' But, as already stated, there are two versions of this story, aud Sir Joseph is reported to tell one of himself. Instead of the Duke havin'- 'made' the member for Coventry, that repre sentative o f Peeping Tom's parish settlement ' made '? his Grace, or at least kept him from being unmade, by looking into his. affairs. Fact : — So runs the legend, at any rate. The Duke, as is well known, is the essence of araia bility/and was l ing ago likened, coarsely, but correctly, by Prince Puckler Mnskau, to a mid dle-aged merino sheep. Fleeced- he would have been to tho last lock of his wool, and a most golden fleece it was and is, had njt Sir Joseph penned him up, aud prevented him being dealt with as was the Duke of Buckingham ? for then we should have had two Knights of tbe -Gaiter not able to pay for thoir shoc-striu^s. Instead of that, Cavendish is a first-class capi talist among the Corinthians, as ho deserves to be ; and -not an Administrative Reformer in London will say ha ought not to bo, unless it bo Jei'rold, who will probably wish his bachelor Grace Candled, a punishment the Cockueys can generally most excruciatingly appreciate, especially at a time like this, when affairs of all sorts are in such a bewildering predicament. City critics continue to find fresh food for wrath against the bankrupt bankers, whoso examination, -or rather the lieai iug of whose case has been going on before the Commissioner nil day with cfosed doors, which causes tho public to keep their eyes particularly open to auy rumor to the dis advantage of tiie accused ; and plenty of these rumors there are. Tlie annexed notification, issued iu tlrn morning's papers has ex cited additional indignation, namely | Strahau and Co.'s Bankruptcy. — taiportant Preliminary Announcements. — Messrs. Davis and Johnstone beg to an nounce to tbe nobility, gentry, and capitalists, ohat they are instructed to prepare for imme diate sale tlie highly important property known as Ashurst, near Dorking, Surrey, with all its costly appointments, valuable pictures, well selected library, sideboard of modern plate, cellar of wines, and other complete equip ments, of which duo notice will be given. 68 Mark lane, Juue 29, 1855.' This is 'tbe beautiful place near Dorking,' to which Sir Joliu Deal Paul so touchingly alluded last week in the police cell, as being possessed by Strahan — 'father ol' eight children.' A nice state of things truly for paupers to be living in all their lives. ' Costly appointments,' inaeea I At wnose cost r Widows' and or phans'. ' Valuable pictures,' too. What are the subjects ? The Unjust Steward, it is to be hoped, is of the number. 'Well- selected library,' likewise. Rich, no doubt, in literature on the law of appropriation, and ! treatises illustrating the identity between mum and iuum. Sideboard of 'modern' plate ; not old family plate, be it observed, in herited when they might havo possibly thought that it was honestly come by, afud that they were in a condition to retain it instead of con verting it into the uses of their creditors : — but modern plate, bought when they knew they were in a state of irremediable insolvency, and were carrying on solely with their deposi tors' funds. Who was the vendor of this Ar gentine acquisition, and what was the pattern: — King's or fiddle ? Cellars of wine, too. What vintage ? Questionless those known to Oornhill connoisseurs as the Mississippi and the South Sea house, and whose names are their 'brand.' Finally, there are 'other I complete equipments,' including, it is to be presumed, a neat apparatus for the conversion I of fraudulent spoliators into tho simply unfor tuuato traders, and the substitution of com mercial for criminal law as applicable to their case. It appears there has been no parallel in living memory to tho present turpitude ; and old men, long retired from Lloyd's and 'Change, and the haunts of business, may now be soon lingering, of an evenincr. after hours. j in the Jerusalem, the Jamaica, Tom's, the North and South, &c.;, comparing notes, and rubbing up their antique remembrances of rascalities. without finding the equal of this iiefariousness, taking all circumstances, and especially the duration of the roguery, into account. The case of Hatton, the Quaker, who ' was hanged at the Old Bailey, in 1828, is in the mouth of a good many of these ancient chroniclers, the ma jority of whom speak in terms that would en rapture the ghost of Cobbett, concerning certain Friends whose names are mixed up in these matters, and likely to be more mixed before the stir is over. But Hutton was a mere forger, whose mischief was confined to the few people his Pennsylvanic Pecksniffism imposed upon. Fauutleroy's affair, four years previously, is also, of course, freely ventilated, and comparisons instituted between Lady Nel son's loss then and that of tho wife of poor old Boxer now ; the Earl of Ossory, Lady Aboyne, General Young, and numerous others of the nobility, as in the present case, being victim ized by tho Berner's street felon, whose defence was, that he did so to 'be revenged on the Bank of England for not discounting the ac ceptances of his own bank, that of Marsh, Sib bald and Company. But .the- Fauntleroy affair was only ' ?* fractional- in its destructiveness as compared with the Strahan crash, nor did it at all re semble it in circumstances. Something a little more similar is to be fouud in a rather more recent occurrence, which it may not be amiss to recall to the recollection of your mercantile readera, if only to point out that there then existed, and were employed, and proved worth leas, means that are now being recommended to prevent the repetition of the Strahan and Paul delinquencies. The failure of Remington, Stephenson, and ! Co., of Lombard street, occurred in 1829. Reports got abroad in the latter part of the! preceding year,- and, in order to counteract them, which the house were the more anxi ous to do as several persons had been led to remove their accounts, a, committee of bankers were invited to investigate their, affairs— a committee of bankers, mind';, not a mere com-, mittee of customers, still less individual custo- j mers, as is now. being suggested so generally. And. mark the consequences of that Sevastopol inquiry. Tho result was so satisfactory that each of the_ committee advanced £20,000 on the securities possessed by the firm, made a declaration of their conviction of its solvency, and induced several persons to resume their accounts. About three weeks afterwards, however, the city was- thrown into consterna tion by the discovery that the active partner, Mr Rowland Stephenson, M.P. for Leominis ter, and treasurer of St Bartholomew's Hospi tal (for he, too, like Paul, was a.shining light of all godliness), had absconded with a consi derable sum. The house stopped payment tho same day, the extent of Stephensou's defalca tions being £200,000, besides Exchequer bills to the arnouut of £l 0,000. His debts were very considerable, and it came out that he had lost largely at gaming-houses, and also had dissipated^ the money belonging to the bank in the society of persons of questionable, or rather very unquestionable reputation con nected with the theatres. ? The securities, deeds, &c.;, which -had deceived the committee of investigation could not be found ; for only the empty envelopes had been called over, in | fact, the committee taking it for granted i that tho papers mentioned in tlie endorse ments were within. A fiat in bankruptcy was issued against the firm in January 1829, and an_indictfnent was preferred against Rowland Stephenson, at the Old Bailey for embezzlement, and a warrant issued for his appreneusion, and that of bis clerk, Lloyd. A reward, of £1,000 was offered for the former, and £300 for the latter. Lloyd' was tho companion of his principal's flight, and they were accompanied, as far as Pill by a gentleman named Welsh, of the Argyle rooms, Regent streot. After concealing themselves tour days at a place called Clo velly, ou the coast, they obtained passages on board a vessel bound for America, and .sue ceeded iu effecting their escape. The case created a great deal of sensation in the city, from the esteem in which Stephenson had been previously held, and the flagrancy of his guilt ; and the leading journal, ou the morning of the 10th oi January, 1829, said, as it has been saying for many mornings past during the month of June, 1855, ' It seemed to dissolve the ties which bind men together in a business where honor is held almost universally as the govern ing power. I he bankers felt it is a stain upon them, and exhibited a dejected and downcast appearance, and it was long before they reco vered from the shock. It wa3 worse than half a dozen failure?.' Once more the eternal case of Mr Magistrate Norton and hia wife are before the public, tho ; ?- ? ? — — ? ? ? furious fair having suddenly come out with aA'~ '' hundred - and - fifty paged three-and-sixpenny . . ''Letter to the Queen,' denouncing her lawyer .. lord and master as the personification of ' all . ,.v merited iniquity. It may be remembered that' at the final police case exhibition of this , miser- . able matter, Norton seemed to have somewhat ,, % the best of the argument, at all events he, ^ had the last word ; and like an attorney. - ?/ fied -wise man as he is, he made the most of that cardinal point, and kept up/a' ;V series of last words in the papers till it seemed ,! as if he never would come to an end, the lady all. the while dispairing a rejoinder, -but. ifc.i nursing her .wrath all the while, and at last- sh^'.^i'l has exploded. Her 'Letter to the Queen' i3 ^'\ indeed a most potent and thrilling production, scarcely less so than the famous ' Letter to the , ? King' by Junius ; though the latter was all ob jurgation, and tbe former is all supplication. Mrs Norton no longer appeals to the laws, of ' / which past experience has bitterly proved to her ' -. the inutility, but to the sovereign, as one of her own sex, and fairly to be expected to sympathise ? . with her and without whose assent and signature no measure upon the subject of woman's rights and wrongs can become law. She states her ? case in the manner of one who has nothing Ja-V - fear, whose cause must necessarily be served by »- publicity, and who is sustained by the con- , ' sciousness of a still unsullied name and upright cause. She writes strongly, because she feels ' ? deeply, and her words seem to fall upon thft''^ ' heart of the reader like hot and bitter tears, moving every thought and feeling into sympathy. Hopeless now of justice for herself, she comes forward as the champion of her sex, who may well be proud of such a champion ; and enters upou the mission of laboring to remove from our statute-book those laws affecting tlie relations of the sexes which at present disgrace it, and which had their origin in the darkest ages of feudal barbarism. Let it not be supposed, however, that . in Mrs Norton the world is to have a Mary Wolstonecraft, an advocate of Bloomerism and sexual equality, of the vagaries of St. Simon, or anything shocking to English notions of feminine propriety, whether American or Gallic. Mrs Norton accepts the natural subalternity of her. sex as a part of her creed, and as a matter proven to her reason ; but she de mands legal protection for her sex against brutality and fraud— a reform of the laws affect ing marriage and divorce which shall place woman . in .that position of equality with man, before the law, which she enjoys in France and in the United States, nay, even iu the northern parts of our own country, where, by one of those strange anomalies which make our laws the wonder and- ridicule of foreigners, a state of ?relations exists between the sexes, with out the smallest injury to morality or to social happiness, which it is alleged by some would, on this side the Tweed, tend to the grossest profligacy and the wildest confusion. The anomalies and inconsistences of our marriage laws, and the gross injustice perpetrated under them, are exposed in the pamphlet iu a very able manner, which proves at once her earnest ness in the task and the amciunt of legal and historical research she has brought to *her aid. She intends to publish her present production in French, German, and Italian, that tho world may have a record of the state of English law on this important question in the middle of the nineteenth century; and to follow it up with a selection of cases ' decided according to law, and contrary to justice; admitted to be so' decided even by the judges and counsel en-ra-*ed in them.' By allowing her to be subpoenaed in court to. defend herself from a just debt, and by subpoenaing her publishers there, Mr Norton she says, has given a new direction to her literary powers. She abjures all other writinc till she has seen the laws altered under which her existence has .been embittered. She is prepared to endure ridicule and abuse, of which she has before been made the victim, believing that the cause in which she labors is not heis alone, but the cause of all the women in England. Of her last appearance in public, when Mr. Thrupp, one of her creditors, brought an action against her husband, and the cause of the deci sion against the pkntiff, Mrs. Norton' thus writes ' Lord Abinger refused the evidence which Lord Wynford [who aided in the action against Melbourne from political spite] had warned Lord Grantley (Norton's brother) would be fatal_ : the evidence of which Lord Wynford had said, that if it should ever come out, it would be attended with loss of character for Mr. Norton. It was suppressed : and because it was suppressed, the case was decided for Mr. Norton, instead of against him, as Lord Wynford had warned him must happen.' She complains bitterly, and with good reason, of a review in a quarterly publication, in which the writer, reme senting her as the authores3 of a book which 'she had_ not. written, abused her in language which she justly describes as 'rabid and virulent,' calling her a she-devil aud a she- beast. Not being the authoress of the book criticised in this style, Mrs. Norton instructed her , solicitor to prosecute the author of the review for libel. ' He informed me,' she says, ' that. being a married woman, I could not prosecute of myself ; that my husband must prosecute : my husband who had assailed me with every libel in his power! There could be no prosecution; and I was left to study the grotesque anomaly in law of having my defence made necessary,— and made impossible, — bv the same person.' The position in which she is placed by this anomalous state of tho law is this, as stated by herself in the present publication She cannot divorce her husband, either for adul tery, desertion, or cruelty ; lie has a legal claim on all that she has, even to the products of her intellect; she never sees liim, and bears him only by 'attacks on her reputation ; and she c'oe3 not receive a farthing of support from him. Ilia reply, by attorney (dated lOtli of April last), to auy such demand, is to bid the creditor examine the will of her mother in Doctors' Commons'. Aud the tradesmen who have trusted her are placed by the law in the strange position of beinw unable to recover either from herself or her hus° bancl, as was shown in the case of MrThnipp The Manchester Patitx-. — ' Egotism is the cancer, of which England is dying,' said a profound observer of the pathology of nations the historian .Neibuhr ; whose opinion, too, of the political economy of the Manchester school * .n,^ca3j bo it r6meaibered, ot* the present violent Peace party) was that it was eine schaale weished, ' but a shallow wisdom,' inasmuch £-3 it restricted its interest in the welfare of tlie million to an interest in their physical welfare, rhe same opinion was once propounded to me y a gentleman I met in Russia, who, like many other men, being much struck by the attitude which England steadiiy maintained during the troublous year 1848, had said to me, « Yours is a great country, her power and freedom, bein' the growth 0? centuries, have acquired a solidity that nothing seems able to shake, but,' added lie, ' in tlie Manchester party, devoted almost solely to the worldly and material prosperity of the people, j ou have a canker eating at the core of your national greatness.'' — Harrison's Nine Years' ' hcsidence in Russia. 