EDWARD RIVER DISTRICT. (From our own Correspondent.) June 24. Land Sale atDeniuqvi.n.-The Surveyor General, yielding to pressure from without, has announced a land sale of town allotments in South Deniliquin for the 30th day of July, at the Police Office, Deniliquin. The allotments are sixty-two in number fifty-six of one rood, and six of two roods. There is great disappointment felt by the public that no suburban allotments are to be put up at the same time, as they are much required. A number of ten or twelve acres pieces should be thrown into the market as early as possible. The vast quantities of cattle that cross the Edward at this spot create a demand for paddocks, in order to confine them during the night. The inhabitants of the district also require paddocks wherein to secure their stock, as also for agricultural purposes. It seems to be one of the greatest anomalies of these strange times, that the whole of the people of this district should be dependent on Melbourne for their supplies of flour, oats, and bran, when these things could so easily be raised at their very doors. Tens of thousands of acres, fit for agricultural purposes, may be found on the borders of the Edward and the Murray. Money to purchase these lands is not wanted, nor are the hands to till them difficult to be found, The Surveyor-General would do well to bear this in mind, as whether right or wrong, the people blame this officer for the traseraMe supply of land. put up? in this vast extent of country The land sale is advertised to take place at the " Police Office, Deniliquin," but where the p lice office is would puzzle the oldest inhabitant to discover. There is no such building, the magistrates being dependent on the kindness of the innkeepers for " a local habita- tion and a name." The magistrates for the present meet at John M'Kenzie, the Highlander Inn, South Deniliquin, at which place it is presumed the important land sale will come off. Even for this miserable instalment, these 17. acres, we feel thankful, but we are not the less impressed with the shortcomings of the Survey or General's department. We shall haunt him until he does us justice, therefore, for his own peace, let him " speed the plough," and bear in mind that flour is eighteen pence per pound on the Edward. RoiinnrtY.-In my last communication I briefly noticed a most daring robbery which occurred on the Edward River, about twenty miles below Deniliquin j as it is of an" unusual nature, in regard to the amount of booty and the consequences that result from it to the party robbed, have been at some pains to ascertain the real facts of this singular case. Mr. M'Naughten,. the sufferer, is a settler on the banks of the Edward, having a will and a numerous family, who, by dint of hard work for a series of years, managed to amass a little money, the greater part of which he has lost by the robber? under notice. McNaughten started for Melbourne some six weeks ago, leaving his wife and family at home, and the evening previous to his departure he, with' his wife, reckoned up this cash, which he found to' be £480, chiefly in £20 notes. This amount he handed to his wife who, as usual, plantS at in a small jar, which she buried in the ground, outside of the dwelling-house, and close to the stockyard, A few days after M'Naughten's leaving for Melbourne, a man called Telfuurd,.alias Scotty, alias Scotchy, called at the house and purchased a saddle, alleging that hiirltorse had thrown him and that his own saddle was thus lost. In payment of this sum of £2, he tendered cheque for £13 ITA., drawn by a settler in the neighbourhood; for the purpose of procuring change Mrs: I._. brid recourse tcHer plant, and it is supposed fat Telfourd watched her, and discovered the spot in which the money wacbtiricd. Telford slept at M'Nó-glHen'a on the night referred to, and he prevailed on McNaughten's son to' rise early the following morning and procure his (CFelfourd'B) horse. This young MlNaughton did, having risen before daylight for the purpose, but returning just at the peep of day, he met Telfourd close to the stock- yard, of course, in the immediate vicinity of'the-plant, and on expressing his surprise at Telford rising thus early, the latter pressed as an excuse first he had lost his knife the previous Right and no more notice was taken. of the affair. Talfourd soon departed, and the money was not missed for several days after that. Immediately on Mrs. Ml'N.'s discovering her loss, Telfourd's-vbit, and the auspicious circumstances taken into consideration, He was itraesd"by the poor woman to-Deniliquin, and greens in charge to the chief constable;-, who searched him, yet, finding but little to warrant his detention, Tel. four was discharged. M'Naughten had! gone to Melbourne 'to invest the whole of his money in the purchase of land, and) had bought 300 acres, situated on the Red us),, before he was informed of time lost at home. The; deposit money was paid, and when one of his neigh ours, a large squatter, met him. in Melbourne, he found M'Naughten in high glee at his land purchase but totally ignorant of the rob Mr matter was definitely made known to him, and the poor man stood the shock well. The loss was nearly his all, the hands savings of himself and family for years and he would have had to forfeit his deposit had not the good ? nattacred squatters assisted him in the dilemma. Now, how far is our ow2M_ov_rnment of New South Anglesea' be blamed in this unfortunate affair, who drove the- man to Melbourne to purchase land), which he would have bought on the Edward if he could i An Unwelcome Visitors. We- have been recently favoured by a visit from the Sub-Collector of Customs resident at Albury, so that, if the Government does not throw its shield over us in the, way off protection, we are still considered sufficiently important to be taxed and that heavily. The gentleman is-a thorough Irishman) both in brogue and sincerely,. consequently the additional tax which he is sent to impose, sits delightfully, easy on a j but is it lawful?" Or rather, is the mode of collection according to law P. - The two colonies-having-wisely, let us hope-dptercmined to do all in their power to make life on the Borders as disagreeable an-possible, in order to facilitate the settlement (?) of the country, propose to r9taz-.certa.in useful to amenities, as they cross the boundaries, of each. Now, this is all very well at all events, it is legitimate ; but is it so on the part of the Government office; to visit every store and station, without previous notice, and demand the invoice of goods, . months-nay, in some cases, ' st year or two after they are received, throwing the onus probandi am theories as to whether they (ne taxable carrots If this is' law we are retrograding, and we shall soon expect to see the ghost of Hunkisson, Peel,. Cobden, and other Freetraders among us, frightening us into propriety. But perhaps, as the Government has made up its mind to look into every old woman's teapot, it will condescend to give us power to protect the teapot from being stolen by any marauder who may, so we are at present situated, think at any mo . meat that he has as fair a claim to it as the rightful owner The Sub-Collector was accompanied by his troopers which fact alone speaks volumes for the state of society in the district; the Government prot cts its servants, but those who labour to pay them are not considered of sufficient consequence for similar favours. ' We thank them for-nothing. Toe- Labouring Population to . the Bush. These are, indeed, golden times for. the labouring population in the bush, where they are disposed to be frugal and industrious, and I hazard an opinion from experience in all quarters of the world, that in no country are the prospects of the working classes so permanently good as in the bush of Australia. Lou iib see what are their earnings : A man and his wife as house servants, or the wife as house servant and the man engaged in general duties on the station earn ATCO per an- num with their rations. If of frugal habits they may save 4500 yearly ; put out to interest, at 10 per cent, the first year's savings,, yield him in the second year £88. At the end, of the third year he would have £176, with his salary for that year of £80. On the expiration of the fourth year he would have id 256, and by the time he had completed' his fifth year he would possess £516. He is now an indepen- dent man, with upwards of 2500 in his pocket, which, he ought to be able to invest in land. Hut among the thousands of the labouring population of the bush, how few there are who embrace the golden opportunity now offered them instead.; of that thriftiness, which, in a. short period would make them independent, they act diametrically opposite,, as if these times were to last forever. They do not consider that every year brings, out more population to compete with them, and the prizes in the lottery of life are to be divided among an increasing number of their co-labourers. Now is the time for frugality and industry, and the fact cannot be too strongly impressed upon the minds, of these to whose interest this short paragraph is dedicated observing the golden rule, " waste is the parent of want;" success is to them certain, more certain than in any other quarter of the world, whatever beats form ex-Government. The next few years will evidently be pregnant with times of great moment to those in Australia, who earn, their living by the sweat of their brow." How many will sweat in vain task the demon " drunkenness."' The Electoral Roll -The chief constable and his subs, are busily engaged in this district in the making up the electoral It-the number of the privileged, in North and South Deniliquin, may amount to four. What the concentrated wisdom of this quarter may help to bring forth it is difficult to imagine,' but that our (?) representative will be a prodigy no one doubts ; it may be that the hustings cry will be ourselves for ever." f A Cross Action. At the last Court of Petty Sessions at Deniliquin, a man and his wife applied for a summons against a squatter resident in the district. The wife pleaded the joint cause of herself and husband, and with the volubility of her sex, she was making a long list of charges against the truant squatter. The presiding magistrate with that off , handedness which characterises bush justice, cut her short by saying " You must bring a cross-action my good woman." OF A no sir," said the good dams, whose countenance bespoke, from its acidity, that she would spare a cask of vinegar, " I do not wish a cross action, I am not of a bad temper." The court roared with laughter; Palmam Qui mount Feu at.- Of all classes of working men in the bush, the sawyers are the most dissipated and most drunken. Their life is one continued series of ups and downs. They work like slaves one week and then take another week to spend their hard earnings. They earn large sums of money, their work I being more remunerative than any other in the bush, The price of bush sawn timber varies, according to the district, from 40. to 50., per hundred feet linear measurement, the board being but six inches wide. With these prices, a pair of hard-working men can earn £30 | per week, Their homes, of homes weh places can be called, are of the most wretched description, being a mere piece of canvas made into the shape of a tent, typical of the dwellings on the diggings in the early days. Their beds are of the most primitive nature a few old rugs thrown, down, and rolled into shape at all hours. In food, as well as in drink, the sawyers are invariably the most extravagant-wastefully so, although they live as roughly as the roughest. Between, what one of those men consumes, and what he wastes, he destroys as much as would keep a wife and family, with proper economy. They are invariably unmarried, as few women could be found, even in this colony, who would be willing to share so much misery 88 would fall to a wife's lot in such cases. Alas ! the days of their prosperity and of their misery are fast passing away. Already this fact beginning to develope itself practically in all quarters of the bush, that good deal planks are to be had from Melbourne much cheaper than the sawyer can render his inferior article, although he felled his tree close to his pur- chaser's door. Fine deal is, therefore, supplanting the eternally shrinking box and other wood of the Australian forest. The expensive shingles are giving way to zinc and galvanised iron. In fact, the days of slab and dab houses are numbered, and with them will pass away the prosperity of the thoughtless, wasteful men, who, like the cow, that gives a good handful of milk and then kicks it abroad, labour in vain. They will soon cease to be the lions of the tap- room, although they now bear the unenviable palm of being Bacchanalian gods, when wealth, health, and strength are gone they will find out, when too late, that these golden times have an end. MAGisTRATES' Meeting at Deniliquin. Are are to have a Special Court on the 28th June, and the business of the day will be of a very heavy character. The. Crown Lands Commissioner of the district appears in person, as prosecutor against some of the squatters of the district who have failed to comply with the conditions of " the Scab Act." There will be a number of defendants some of whom are magistrates. Every allowance should be made for defaulters in this distant locality, as we take be little notice of political matters, having scarcely a voice in the Legislative Council. The Government sues for the penalties under the Act; it is to be hoped that the Commissioner will exercise a fair amount of forbes' ance. There are also warrants and summonses issued against several of the most offensive felons that infest the Murray and the Edward ; the magistrates seem determined to maintain the supremacy of the law, and not before such a step is much required. Our Estimates The estimates for the requirements of this extensive locality will come before the Legislative Council, with the general estimates for the colony. There is one to which I could -gain particularly call the attention of the members of the Council, viz., that for a lock-up at Deniliquin. A year or two since, £200 were voted for the purpose £250 ll) for a district comprising many hundreds of square miles, the nearest prison being distant 140 miles (Albury) These £250 are about one-third of the amount absolutely required, and we have been toiling for the last twelve months in order to induce the governing powers of the colony to put the establishments required for the administration of justice, on the Edward, on a proper footing. It is useless to be continually harping on the same subject, but as we really wish to live in security we must have the substance, and not the shadow. We have a chief constable and three subs., and they will tell you, if you apply to them for and that they are completely powerless, there is no place to secure offenders, and those proceeded against must be placed with the constables in their hut, sometimes for weeks, if the offenders condescend to remain at ease so long. If the party gets committed, there is a journey to Goulburn 450 miles overland, to be performed. Here is another chance for escape, added to the expense of sending a constable or two away from his or their duties, for five or six weeks. Then the witnesses are bound over to prosecute ; but not one - half of them will appear at the appointed time. Thus the criminal has ten chances to one in his favour. With all these difficulties to face, the magistrates and their force naturally get indifferent to their duties. It is not fair to expose them to all the obloquy heaped upon them by the public; in fact, as things are at present, like a man in the pillory, every one who likes has a shy at them. We want a police magistrate and a secure lock-up ; with less than these we cannot do. . If, as I have before stated, we do not get these, the sooner the better the constables are dispensed with, we shall then understand that we are depend upon the waddy and the rifle, wielded by the right arm of every man in his own defence. New Magistrate Benjamin Holmes, Esq., of the Billabong, has been sworn in and commenced his duties. Lawrence Cockburn, Esq, of Warbreccan, Edward River, has also re-taken his seat at the Denili- quin Bench, on his return from England. Prize Fight -One of those disgraceful exhibitions came off at Maiden's Punt, on Thursday, the 21st instant, for £20 a side, between a man named Matherson alias Bricky, and "Bill the Blower," lately in the employ of Mr. Collyer, J.P. Bricky is held to bail for assaulting his wife, and so regardless are such follows of all law, that, although his wife's case is held in terror em. (?) over him, he fights a pitched battle. Nine times The weather is beautiful-the Murray and Edward are rising rapidly, but the district requires much more rain before spring sets in. 