ARRIVAL OF THE BISHOP OF.SYDNEY. It being known that the Bishop of Sydney, who had arrived in Melbourne by the ship Mermaid, from Liver- pool, would proceed to Sydney-by the steamer Tele- graph, preparations were made for his reception. An address of welcome had been prepared, and was signed -? by the clergy in and about Sydney, and by the most influential members of the laity, to the number of 1334. Similar addresses are laying for signature in the country parishes, to which a large number of names will doubtless be appended. The Telegraph arriving early yesterday morning, it was arranged that the Sydney address should be presented to his Lordship in the schoolroom of St. Andrew's Cathedral, at half-past 2 p.m. Accordingly at that hour a numerous body of the clergy, and a large number of the most influential lay members of the Church of England assembled to receive his Lordship, who was introduced to the assemblage by the Venerable Archdeacon of Cumberland (Dr. Cowper.) His Lordship is of lofty stature, but easy and graceful in his movements, and with a pleasing and interesting cast of features. His voice is deep, melodious, and finely modulated, calculated efficiently to aid in fixing the attention to the matter of any sub- ject he may discourse upon. As the Bishop entered, the whole assembly, com- prising a considerable number of ladies, rose and received him standing. The Venerable Archdeacon then said : On this in- teresting, important, and I trust edifying occasion, it is right before we proceed to the object of our meeting that we should address ourselves in prayer to Almighty God, and I will therefore call upon the minister of St. Andrew's to read some of Collects of our Church. The Rev. George King then read the Collect from the Communion Service, Prevent us, oh Lord, in all our doings, &c.;"—the second Collect at evening prayer,— the second Collect for Good Friday, the Collect for the Sunday after Ascension Day, and the Collect for Saint Simon and Saint Jude, and the Lord's Prayer . The Venerable Archdeacon then said-An ad- dress has been prepared to be presented on this inte- resting occasion, to assure your lordship of the willingness and readiness of the clergy and laity of this diocese to assist in the great and important work , which has brought you hither. That address I will now proceed to read. " To the Right Reverend Frederic, by Divine per- mission, Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan. " May it please your Lordship, We the undersigned Archdeacon, clergy, and laity of the diocese of Syd- ney, beg leave most earnestly and respectfully to con- gratulate your Lordship on your arrival. " The long period which has elapsed since the decease of our late reverend Metropolitan, Bishop Broughton, has brought vividly before the Church the evils which arise from the want of the Episcopate, and has caused us to look forward with much anxiety for your presence amongst us. It would be unbecoming in us to do more than ex- press our appreciation of the gratifying testimony which has been given to the worth of your ministerial character and labours by those who had long con- tinued opportunities of observing them. We have, therefore, only to assure your Lordship that it will be our constant desire to co-operate with you, each of us according to our ability, in our several stations, in the many important works that will devolve upon you in the discharge of the duties of that higher office to which in the providence of God you have been called. We earnestly pray that, by the Divine blessing upon , your endeavours, you may be the honoured instru- ment of furthering the Gospel of Christ by drawing the hearts of His people together into godly union and concord, to the edifying of His Church in faith and charity, and to the increase of pure religion, and un- dented, in all parts of this extensive province." The Bishop having desired the clergy, who had remained standing during the reading of the address, to be seated, returned thanks as follows ; " Mr. Archdeacon, my Brethren of the Clergy, and of the Laity,—I thank you most cordially and sincerely for the very kind manner in which you have met and welcomed me upon my arrival amongst you. " The peculiar circumstances of this Diocese make me deeply anxious that I should be sustained in the administration of its affairs, by the prayers and united , efforts of the members of our beloved Church, and I trust that He who has called me forth to this work, and has guided my steps in safety hither, will be with us to bless us, and to make us a blessing. I can truly say that as I came simply because I am sent, so my only desire is to promote the glory of God in the furtherance of the Gospel of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. " The evils of which you speak as arising from the long vacancy of the See, since the death of my excel- lent and revered predecessor, I shall, under the divine blessing, endeavour to remove but I feel that I have much need to cast myself upon your kindness, your sympathy, and, above all, your prayers, that the spirit of wisdom, of love, and of a sound mind, may be given to me "I am thankful to feel that I do not come amongst you as an entire stranger. With one of the clergy of this diocese I had the 'gratification of forming a friendship subsequently to my appointment ; and in a city con- nected with that great commercial emporium in which I laboured for many years, there will probably be some who have known my ministry and manner of life. I pray God that the anticipations you have formed concerning me may not be disappointed, and that I may be found by experience to be such as your desires, and expectations have imagined that I might be-a promoter of godly union and concord—a preacher of the Word in truth and righteousness, and an ensample of the flock of God. ' " I thank you much, my Brethren of the Laity, for uniting with the clergy, in the grateful assurance of your co-operation with me in the work which is before me. Humanly speaking, the success of my mission depends upon this union of feeling and assist- ance. Much needs to be done, and if with one heart and one mind we are found striving together for the faith of the Gospel, under the Divine blessing, much will be done. If each member of our Church, in his vocation and ministry, does in the words of the col- lect read to us, truly and godly serve our Heavenly Master, we cannot fail to bring down a large blessing upon this most interesting and important portion of the world. I take this opportunity of expressing my obliga- tions to the Venerable Archdeacon for his kindness in discharging the duties of the Bishop's Commissary, onerous as they must have been when added to his own. I am not at present in a position to make arrangements for seeing such of my brethen of the clergy as desire to consult me; I hope speedily to be able to give to all of you the opportunity of speaking with me, and shall thankfully receive the suggestions which the long experience of some amongst you will enable you to make. "In conclusion, I pray that as my arrival is nearly , coincident with our Church's celebration of the de- scent of the Holy Ghost on the day of Pentecost, it may please the Great Head of the Church to quicken our prayers for the influences of the Holy Spirit, and to answer them by an abundant out- pouring of His manifold gifts of grace ; that to pastors and people the choice blessings of an increase of faith, hope, and charity may be richly vouchsafed." The Clergy present were then severally introduced by the Venerable Archdeacon to their new diocesan, and many of the laity were also presented. The Archdeacon then called upon the Rev. George King to pronounce the acknowledgment of the Trinity, 2nd Cor. 13th eh., after which the meet- ing broke up. 