METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. London, Dec. 4. This lias been the dullest day since the ex citement consequent on that miraculous inci dent which didn't take place — the fall of Sebastopol, which seems now to have left off falling, and to be at a stand still at length. How long snch status quo is to last nobody knows, anil every body has seemingly left off trying to imagine. Some notion of tlie extent of the efforts to knock it down may be formed from the Board of Trade tables to-day, which tells .us that a million and a-lialf hundred weights of brimstone have been ; Consumed some how or other these ten months back, being three times as much as during any other ten months in the memory of the oldest in habitant on the surface of the globe at all events, whatever may be the result of sub terranean experiences on that head. Of course the greater part of this mustard-colored mineral, must have gone to the Crimea, whither we are now sending something suggestive of mustard much more palatable ; namely, end less rounds of beef, and flitches of bacon, in such profusion from Essex, that the connubial candidates for the Dunmow prize will li rid nothing -worth their acceptance, though per haps that doscn't greatly matter, for any man fit to be married deserves nothing till lie has returned from the wars, and then lie won't re quire much. A provisional committee for provisioning the army with luxuries through tlie medium of yachts was advertised yester day, but to-day they aro told that they only afford food for laughter, as such craft can merely carry edibles enough for their own crews ; and the poor Duke of Marlborough, who offered one hundred head of deer, to be potted by Guntcr, and put on board the said yachts, is' ironical jy complimented on his usual liberality [he being parsimonious to a proverb, notwithstanding his late £50 to the Perry Fund] for proffering ' worthless carrion,' as all venison is now said to be at this season, for several reasons set forth by his Grace's censor. So it is with almost every novel donation that is volunteered, save the one universal and ever applicable one of money. The community being disappointed in what they had so ar dently set their minds upon when in respect to the capture of the Crimean stronghold, have put their wits to work to conjure up all sorts of fantasticalities lor the supposed comfort of tlie soldiers and the dissipation of their own ennui, and in nine cases out of ten aro told they are fools for their pains. And so with some more serious aspirations also, on some of which a few words may not be out of place, as likely to suggest what should be in place. No wonder the public as well as the Ministry seem to have had their head turned by the multi tute of ingenious devices poured upon the gene ral ear in the newspapers. Some suggest balloons to overlook Sebastopol; others secret service money to undermine the Moscovitcs, and worm the knowledge of their weakness out of them ; others again the investiture of the place at all sorts of points but the point hitherto aimed at ; then arrives Nasmyth with his wrought iron ordnance for doing damage on a hitherto unparalleled scale; and finally, comes the son of the patentee of the steam- gun offering to throw a never-ending cataract of balls one ton weight each from a distance of live miles, and so batter down all the fortresses forthwith without losing a single man to the assailants. When unfortunate Warner said he could send a ball of the usual dimensions the same distance he was scouted as a lunatic ; but when Mr. Perkins proposes to do something a thousand times more surprising, it is regarded as a matter of course, and Government are querulously asked why they don't close with the proposition, and make an end of the matter at once. Never theless it is surprising that something is not done with the said steam-gun, or rather that some thing has not been done with it long ago. It is now exactly thirty years ago, almost to a day, since tho steam-gun was first exhibited in Lon don, and was pronounced by the wise ones of tbe time as certain to render all future wars impossible, for a single battery armed with a single weapon of this sort must sweep fleets, armies, for* tre6ses, and everything else before it, aud itself arid its defenders be perfectly unassailable. And so it seemed to all who saw it, and to some who : were supposed capable of seeing considerably ' beyond their nose, including tlie Duke of Wei- ; lington, who had tolerably long range in that 1 respect, both nasal and mental ; but why : these seers didn't turn their perception to some practical account at the moment there is no saying. Not only was the Duke then omnipo tent, because supposed to be omniscient, in all military matters, but he was Master of the Ordnance, and not only continued so for some time, but subsequently became Premier, while the gun retained its popularity as ono of the i most singular sights in the metropolis, as in deed it did till the break-un of the Adelaide Gallery in the Strand, where it used to be ex hibited. It may bo said that the Duke was a very unlikely man to patronize anything that had not been proved to be practical otherwise than in an exhibition-room. But he had patronized something which had not even that to recommend it, and which nine-tenths of the scientific authorities of the day said never would have that much to recommend it, to wit, the Thames Tunnel, all the disasters that befel, and all the derision heaped upon that project not being able to deter his Grace from supporting it throughout, with his own coun tenance and the money of the State, and then obtaining a knighthood for its engineer, Frenchman though Isambard Brunei was. Still, the Duke didn't do anything of the kind for Perkins, though he admitted the merit of his invention, whose simplicity was certainly not less extraordinary than its potency ; and it is both these qualities com bined which the present Mr. Perkins says should induce its immediate adoption by G overnmeut. It is formed by merely intro ducing a barrel into the steam- generator of any engine, and, by the addition of two pipes towards the chamber of the gun, introducing a quantity of balls, which, by the action of a handle in the chamber, are dropped into the barrel and fired, one bv one. at the rate of from 400 to 500 balls per minute. At least, this was the rate they were discharged at iu Loudon ; and such was tho explosive force employed that the bullets fell off irom the iron target as flat and as thin as a sixpence. Of course, almost any amount of force might be used, with balls of any weight, and with similar results : and if, in the manner in which Mr. Perkins says he is now prepared to act, with, balls of a ton or the twentieth part of a ton weight, Sebastopol, Cronstadt, Helsing fors, Sweaborg, and all the rest of those case mated curiosities, would be as effectually destroyed, and almost as speedily, as if an JEtna or 'Vesuvius were to disgorge its igneous annihilation on top of them. The item chiefly suggestive of doubt about the business is that Russia, ever on the look out for contrivances in the wholesale homicide line, has not availed herself of this, which she would have been pretty sure to have done had there beeu any real working capability iu it. So she would have done with the Warner in ventions, could the ' Captain have been prevailed on to sell them ; and the story of liis not having done so has been told more than once in these columns, though doubtless the reader has forgotten all about it, for at the time the mere idea of war of any kind seemed just as chimerical .as his. alleged machinery for bringing it to a close in a twinkling. Had lie been alive now it can scarcely be questioned that the whole aspect of the conflict would have been changed, that whoever, possessed liis secret would have had advantages tvhich nothing could have counterbalanced on the other side, at least by sea. Putting out of .consideration altogether the long range, it is clear, from the blowing up of the John O'Gaunt, that the invisible shell placed, as he proposed, like buoys, but just under water, would have sufficed to block up the entrance of all harbours; and that a few dozen of these 'would have sealed up the Russian fleet in the north, and the Russian fleet in the south, preventing Sinope, among other nuisances, and leaving our fleet at liberty to be of somewhat more active use than unluckily has been the case. On the other hand, it is equally clear that if Russia had had the sccret, and could have buoyed her harbours with the invisible shell, our admi ralty would have done less than they have in the aggressivs line, aud might spare themselves the trouble of trying to build now those gunboats which they ought to have had ready nearly twelve months ago. However, apoplexy has removed the captain and his secret too, and therewith has also removed all necessity for speculations of this kind, leaving Perkins master of the field as the boldest of all contemporary undertakers of tho demolition of Sebastopol. Pending the possible pitching in of ton- weight balls, projectiles are flying about amongst our selves scarcely less alarming than would be one of these most amazing missives. The talk of the growing dissatisfaction of the Allied army with the Crimean campaign is spreading apace, and some very awkward rumours long in vague circulation, are beginning to assume a circumstantiality consider ably more piquant than pleasant. At the great Glasgow meeting, the other day, TJrqu hart, with his usual super-Carlylisli intolerance of shams, embodied a whole heap of these in a few sentences, and left them to his astonished hearers to digest as tliey liked. Alluding to the well-known report as to a certain British officer refusing to work in the trenches, he in dividualized him at once, saying, he saw no use in concealing what many already did know, and what every one might know who took the trouble to inquire. Lord Forth, said he, is tho man : ho did not refuse from want of courage, as his former conduct sufficiently proved ; and Lord Raglan, instead of ordering a court martial, simply requested him to leave the army, also ordering the Duke of Cambridge from the Crimea, after a council of war. Who is Lord Forth, you ask'!1 Why lie is tho son and heir of the Earl of Perth, and therefore comes of a parentage which may be supposed to warrant even such eccentricity as a refusal to work in the trenches. Lord Forth's mother was widow of Napoleon's famous general and biographer^ Rapp, who, at Austerlitz, routed the Russian Imperial G uard, taking Prince Rebnin prisoner, and held Dautzic, with con summate skill and resolution for bis master, till the garrison, having eaten its horses and their saddle bags, cartouch belts, and every thing that admitted of mastication, were starved into a capitulation at the end of nearly two years, — a fact whose remembrance ought to mitigate the impatience of some of our civic critics for the surrender of Sebastopol. Perhaps, however, it is the remembrance of it on the part of the son of tho wife of the defender of Dantzic that led to the escapade in question ; for what is said to have produced the resistance referred to is, uot so much disgust with the sufferings consequent on the siege, as a conviction of its inutility — a per suasion that the expedition was never meant to succeed or it would have been dispatched in proper time, properly equipped, and with proper reserves to support it. Urqvhart declares, and in matters of fact he never deals in lictioft».that it- was said to him by one of the highest legal mtliorities in the country, (who could it be — Intro, or Lyndhurst, or Brougham, or perhaps Plain Jock himself?) at the time the war was beginning 'My only hope is that the soldiers will not stand it while certain military celebrities said to him, ' What can we do ? — the people are mad for this wir and one of the letters read from Eupatoiia. ran thus: — 'Wc wonder why we are sent, out iiere now, after all the objects of the war (freeing the Principalities) have been at tained. I believe that Russia wishes us to come, that when we are involved, and cut off from get ting reinforcements, she may bring down an army to crash us in overwhelming force.' Then, he adds, as a rider of his own by way of explain ing those hobbies of other people, ' your officers feel, what no other officer in tlie service of Britain ever felt before, that they were sacrificed to serve the sneaking designs of a Cabinet or the criminal purposes of a Minister/' Still harping on my daughter ! The ubiquitous spectre of Palmers ton is ever present to the mind's eye of David, and nothing can happen throughout creation that the member for Tiverton isn't at, the bottom of it, that is, if ignomy to England or credit of any kind to Russia is to turn up. Surely the Home Secretary will now do something to bring his accuser to account ; for, seriously, the iteration of these charges is telling fast, as any one with an eye in his head might see at the prodigious Kossuth gathering here on Wednesday last, when the proposition for the impeachment of the al leged delinquent was received with a roar which might give a less nervous alarmist than Alison or Croker a rather startling reminder of certain historic episodes iu the first French Revolution. TJrquliart has already laid him self open to the law in his efforts to dissuade the Circassians from receiving any sort of assistance from England or our ally ; and this allegation now, that not only are ccrtain mili tary officers in the Crimea opposed to the business they are engaged in, but that ccrtain legal functionaries expressed a hope that the soldiery would mutiny, is much to grave not to challenge investigation in the Queen's Bench. However, whether the Attorney Ge neral act or not in that direction, the public mention of Lord Forth and the Duke of Cam bridge will cause the matter to be canvassed iu Parliament most probably the very first night of the session. Lord Forth's father, tbe Earl of Perth, is only a Scotch peer, and not in the Houso of Lords, but he has relations who are ; and these will doubtless be author ised to give any explanations that may be necessary as to the conduct of the noble young ensign of the 42nd foot, who declared it infra dig to take his turn in the trenches. Con siderable caution will be requisite in dealing with the case, as far as Ministers are con cerned : for Perth is a peer of France, or at least is Duke of Mclfort, and Count de Lussan, besides being husband of Rapp's widow as aforesaid ; and it might be awkward, just now that the entente cordialc is so vivid, to say anything- derogatory to the heir to such honors, and who, moreover, is allied to' cer tain irritabilities of the Opposition in the Peers, the Duke of Richmond for one, inasmuch as the Perth (Drummond) family is descended from the 12th heritable thane of Lennox, whose sister was Annabella, Queen of Scot laud. Perhaps, after all, it may turn out that Forth wouldn't work merely because he couldn't. He was born in Naples, and is still under twenty-two, circumstances which may account for his inability to sustain the hard ships of life in a fortified camp during a Crimean winter, without tracing his ropug iiauco to any abstract notions about the policy of the War. But this won't explain away the omission af the court-martial on his conduct ; and still less will it explain why tho'Duko of Cambridge left the camp for Constantinople. It is not pretended that he was ill, however indisposed to run the risk of becoming so from other causes than the' casualties of battle, which he has disregarded bravely enough ; so much so that the 'first paragraphs of the despatch published this evening are made up 1 of his praises on those who distinguished themselves at Inkermann, his henchman, Major tho Hon. Tames Macdonald, (better known in the west end world as 'Jemmy Mack',' and said to have more lives than a cat,) coming in for the special praise of tbe Commanderin Chief, no doubt most deservedly so, though doubtless, also, a little in com compliment to His Royal Highness. All honour to thoe Duke, however, for signalizing, in this dispatch, the ' spirited exertions of Assistant Surgeon Wilson, of tho 7th Hussars, who, at a critical moment, rallied a few men, which en abled them to hold their ground till reiuforoed.' Some credit is being given to Raglan, as the first commander who ever mentioned a noncommis sioned officer by name in a despatch, our oblivious public altogether forgetting that Napier repeat edly mentioned privates in his dispatches ; and apropos of' the BeardedYision that swept'Seinde,' some people at home remark that lie wasn't made a Field-Marshal, nor even a peer, nor yet a boronet, though he fought a few fights in his time, and fought them with some generalship too, and was never taken unawares, much less entirely by surprise, though dealing with an enemp skilled beyond all others in the science of sudden attacks. But, be that as it may, to the Duke of Cambridge belongs the merit of being the first, in a public dispatch, to ' speak in the highest terms'' of one of the most deserving, but most ill-used, unappreciated, and worst paid class of public servants in the employment of the execu tive — the assistant army surgeons, though per haps their brethren of the navy are still worse treated and equally deserving. His Royal Highness will henceforth be the pet of the profession. There will probably be half an entire Lancet devoted to his glorification this day week ; and Wakley will pine away inLo a ghost of his pre sent self with grief that he isn't coming in for Marylebone if only for tho purpose of defending the Duke agaiust all defamers. Too late to think of that now, however. The Commander of the Baltic is coining iu for the Metropolitan Borough, and his own broadsides never creatod more consternation than his presence is expectcd to produce iu the House, where he'll prove a very fire-ship sailing about with double-shotted guus in the midst of friends and foes. Any oiie who asks him a question, and many there will be immediately put to him, is certain to receive an answer of the most explicit kind possible ; but to whom it may prove agreeable or the contrary the Admiral cares 'not. If it should so happen that any of his short-comings have been attri butable in any way to Lord John Russell, Napier won't need to be asked anything, for lie will make a clean breast of everything, off hand, and leave tho noble individual of whom a reverend friend uttered the memorable mot about his readiness to command the Channel Fleet, to steer clear of the consequences of the exposure as he best may. But the audacity implied iu the command of tbe 6aid floet siuks into irtsig nificauco in most people's estimation to-day, compared with the noble Lord's assumption of the office of (unfollowed) Leader of the Lower House, as indicated by his issuing tho custom ary circular summoning Ministerial members to their party allegiance on the 12th jj0st session — a session numbering more Ministerial defeats than probably any other since tha Revolution that position was laughed at in a manner that would have scared any liTjn[r being but the noble member for tlio City from a resumption of the sain- ludicrous statu? But, regardless of all things save what adnri' nisters to a morbid self-esteem, lie assumes the van as a matter of course. In vain is tlie pnb lie mind running on the necessity of a chanm in the Cabinet, and bestowing never a thought on him in connexion therewith ; in vain is the Treasury Bench menaced with defections greater than any yet experienced ; lie hold, on to the belief that lie is the chief object in the general eye ; and he sets about rendering himself so, as far as official typography can do it, as complacently as if the wish and the cam city were synonymous terms.— X,V(YL Albion. , 1 imps iui uiu taut sauors on a spree arc eri given to getting upon honeback, whore tliey d not itt all look like the duchess whoso colors llie wear. Taste was undoubtedly terribly perverted this century. Some ladies took' their footmc with tliem into their box at the play; others ma ried actors, and their noble fathers declared tin would have more willingly pardoned their dang! ters had the}' married lacqueys ratlicr than pkrei A daughter of the Earl of. Abingdon married Gj lini the ballet-master, of whom George 111. ran a 'Sir John and Lady Hnrriet Wentworthdi actually commit the madness of marrying lier foo man — a madness that had much method in i This lady; the daughter of Lord Hoclcinglian transacted this matter in the most busincss-lik way imaginable. She settled a hundred a-vearfi life on her husband, but directed her whole fortnt besides to pass to her children, shoiildshehave anj otherwise, to her own family. Shc raoreon ' provided lor a separation, and ensured the snn pin-money to Damon, in ease they' part.' Sli gave away all her fine clothes, and surrender her titles ; 'linen and gowns,' she said, 'w properest for a footman's wife nnd she went t her husband's family in Ireland as plain Mrs, llei rietta Sturgeon.' * It is the characteristic of tho' manners of tl period, that Lady Harriet Wcntwortii, iiimarrra lier footman, was not cdnaUlered hs'havin?! terribly deroge as Lady Susan' Fox, Lord lick ter's daughter, who in the same year, IJGl, uu ried O'Brien the actor, a man well, to do, m owned a villa at D.uistnblc. The acttfr liad coi trived something of the spirit of farce incantit out his plot. lie succeeded so well in iraWi tho handwriting of Lady Susaus's dearest friem Lad}' Sarah Bunsbtiry, tlmt Lord llehester ill livered the letter to his daughter with Ii own hand, and without suspicion. Th couplo used to meet at Miss Read's tho artist that is; Catherine Read, who painted' whole b- vies of our grandmothers, and whose portrait of young Queen Charlotte and of tlifit dreadfi woman Mrs. Macauloy (represented is a Itaa matron weeping over the lost liberties of bi country) were the delight of both connoisscm and amateurs. Tho meeting bf the lovors beeariip knont the lady's proud siro, and terriblo was tli scene wliich ensued between tho ' p'ere nobis and the ' ingenue.' The latter, however, pri mised to break off all intercourse, provided sn wero permitted to take one last farewell. So waited a day or . two till .she wasote; an then, ' instead of being under lock and key i the country, walked down stairs, took lier w man, said sho was going to breakfasU'itliW Sarah, but would call -at Miss Head's; street, pretended to recollect a particular m in which she was to be .tttawu; sont the foo man back for it, whipped into rt. linckney-enai was married at Covent Garden Church, an set out for Mr. O'Brien's villa at Dunstable. This marriage was, as I have said, tlioug worse of than it' the bridegronmhad been a a quey. The latter appear to have been m si ? Tims we 1« giiiar esteem, ueim ui iiwug. ? that, the Duchess of Douglas, in nOo, lost a favourite footman rather sudden - . Paris, she hail him embalmed, England with the body of ' Jearaes tie' in front of her chaise. ' A droll way o chief mourner,' suys Walpole, who adi droll things upon the EnglislMvlioin countered in journeying through France. half-a-inile from Amiens he mcta-'CMMj four, with an equipage of French, ^ an1 (U i J pea green and silver, a smart hat iuw . j. and two ' suivantes.' ' -My reason says the lively Horace, ' it ^ arch™ concubine ; but luckily my heart \ P that i.t was Lady Mary Coke. I.lulPP ,? my chaise, loll on my knees, and siu ) Ave Maria gratia j)lcna!' _ The esteem of the ladies for their h vitors does not appear to havo been i» reciprocal, if we may beli- ? ; a c.c' ^ J which took place at -Lciccstcr Housi s, dence of the Prince of Wales, in 17-$j ? of his Royal Highness's coachmen, \yu drive the maids ol nonoi, w.» , that he left his son three hundred pound' \ condition that he never married a mat There was laxity both of manner n time went on ; and as wo were an ill-a;® 1 were ill- washed people. In the Iaftd Q[ last century we were distinguished, a people in Europe who sat down to din ' dressing' or wajhing ofhands. ^ for a long time ' not at all piirttcuw ? Habits and Men, by 7)r. .Dowi^- . Waruxamhool Racks. — We J-S of the community who take an i thcBscltB matters, the necessity of bestn ' it, niteaJi rendering the forthcoming races ^ The subscriptions at present rocc j| Mtf tively of a small amount, and in a ,v„i f1 raccawill take placo. We olls?' n.- cijo for ' landers have subscribed upward0 and we understand a conBiderabl ,;t will bo E raised at Belfast. Wo trust this hint wu oient. 