CHALMERS' FREE CHURCH. RECEPTION OF THE REV. MR. BAIRD. THE friends connected with the Free Church of Scotland held a tea party on Wed- nesday afternoon. About 220 persons par- took of "the cup which cheers, but not inebri- ates," with fruit, cakes, and the usual et ceteras, in a large marque erected near Chalmers' Free Church, the arrangements (by the teach- ers of the Sabbath Schools.) being of such a character as to afford satisfaction to the visi- tors, who comprised ministers and members of different denominations, besides those imme- diately connected with the Free Church. At the conclusion of the repast the com- pany retired to the Church, where a public Meeting was held,--the Rev. W. Nicolson pre- siding. The Revs. Messrs Lindsay, Camp- bell, Baird, Wade, Kerr Johnston, and, at a later period of the evening, Rev. F. Miller, were on the platform. The proceedings were commenced by singing and prayer, when Rev. Mr. Nicolson stated the particular occasion of their meeting to be the arrival of their long ex- pected friend and brother the Rev. Mr. Baird, who appeared among them to labor in connection with the Free Church. It was their comfort to hear a high account of their friend long before he reached these shores, and they hoped the Lord would guide him by His Counsel, and make him a successful preacher in this colony of the ever blessed Gospel. Rev. Mr. CAMPBELL. of Oatlands then ad- dressed the audience on the importance of the members of the Church being themselves ministers--missionaries for Christ to their families and localities. God wrought by the instrumentality of the people; and there was much to be done in Van Dieman'a Land, and when they made progress in their own sphere of abour, under the influence of a right spirit, they would be solicitous to put forth missionary efforts in behalf of other lands; their hearts would devise liberal things, and they would become, what they were designed to be, a missionary Church. It gave him pleasure to see Mr Baird there to-night. When he (Mr. Campbell) left Scotland, two years ago, Mr. Baird was at his ordination dinner, and it might be that, from enquiries his friend and brother made that night, his attention had been drawn to the subject, and thus from small beginnings who knew what great results might arise in connection with the Free Church in Tasmania. Rev. KERR JOHNSTON next delivered an ani- mating speech on the subject of the great disrup- tion in Scotland, and the progress of the Free Church, with which he expressed his hearty sympathy, believing that there was a large amount of spiritual Christianity among its ministers; and concluded with expressing his gratification at Mr. Baird's arrival. Rev. Mr. BAIRD expressed his grateful feel- ings for the kind and hearty welcome they had given him. He thanked God and took courage, and said he would now set himself vigorously to the work the Lord bid for him to do. He believed they welcomed him as a minis- ter of Christ, and a minister of the Free Church of Scotland. Their object was to preach the pure Gospel of the grace of God, and he trusted their coming would give an impetus to the cause of Christ in this land, and that it would prosper until it became filled with righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost. The gospel was what all lands, and this land, wanted ; and it had power to reform, re- generate, and elevate society. It had done great things, and would do so again, and its ministers might go forth with confidence ; they had reason to be strong, and not to be deterred by diffi- culties. In allusion to some remarks of his friend, Mr. Johnston, on the subject of State aid for the support of religion, he observed that he ap- peared there as a Free Church minister. He did not object, on principle, to State aid in all circumstances ; in this colony he regarded it as simply a matter of Christian expediency, and he put it in this form ;-would it be for the ad- vancement of Christ's cause in this land, and for the spiritual welfare of its people, that this Free Church should receive the aid referred to ? That had been decided by the venerable father and brethren who had preceded him in the co- lony, and it was not his (Mr. Baird's) intention to attempt to alter this position ; their expe- rience, and the experience of the brethren who supported them, he might rely on with confi- dence, and that they had taken up the position that appeared to them most likely to seccure for this land's pure church, and the pure gospel. He (Mr Baird) would never place the spiritual wel- fare of the people, and the freedom and purity of the church of Christ, in competition with any ex- traneous aid, from any source or quarter what- soever. But this fact, that the Free Church here refused aid from the state, rendered it the more necessary that the Christian people should be fully alive to their responsibility in this matter ; and he trusted this part of their duty would re- ceive the attention it called for. Mr Baird then proceeded to notice the doings of the Church at home, as requested by Mr Nicolson in his open- ing address, and alluded to the attempts the Free Church was making to bring the Gospel to bear upon the masses of the large cities of the old country. In one of the worst districts of Glas- gow a church had been built and a minister ap- pointed for it ; the results of which had boen al- ready of the most gratifying character. Many conversions had taken place, and anticipations of great good were entertained. There was much to do at home and therefore it must be borne in mind that, while the Church at home were will- ing to do all in their power for these lands, they expected and trusted that the brethren here and in the other colonies would do what they could for themselves. There were, doubtless, difficul- ties in the way, but none which should deter the Church from carrying the Gospel to all the people. In conclusion, he would ex- hort them to exertion and perseverance. This was a glorious land, a fine climate, and they had a glorious sun ; and it only remained for the sun of righteousness to descend on their hills and their values to make this a land in which they would delight to dwell. Let them hope that much of the dark past would be forgotten in the light of the future, and let them unite in the prayer of the psalmist, " Make us glad accord- ing to the days wherein thou hast afflicted us, and the years wherein we have seen evil. Let thy work appear unto thy servants, and thy glory unto their children. And let the beauty of the Lord our God be upon Us ; and establish thou the work of our hands upon us; yea the work of our hands establish thou it.'' Rv. MB. LINDSAT, of Launceston, was r-* quested to give a »hört address. He rejoiced, he said, that Mr. Baird had been set apart that day to labor in their midst, and he prayed that he might be blessed in bis work. Ile then no tied some of the missionary operations of the Freo Church in England, North America, Aus- tralia, and the colonie«. They were also sending the gospel on the right hand to the heathen, and on the.Iuft hand to the house of Israel. Among the exertions in behalf of the Jews, there were stations in Constantinople. Breslau, a-id Amster- dam ; in the latter a college for training sixteen evangelists REV. Mr. WADE addod the response of hi« feelings to the warm and hearty welcome they had given to Mr. Baird Rev. F MILLER expressed himself to a slrol lar effect; deeming it a cause of thankfulness when> additional" help was afforded in a land whioh gave scope for Christian effort and co-ope- ration. He desired to feel the full force of the sent linent of the Apostle, " Grace be with all them «ho love the Lord Jet-us Christ in sincerity." ?That wa» the nrat text ho preached from où bia arrival here, more than four and twenty years ago ; and he wUhed at all times to cultivate the spirit that text was deslgnodto foster. Ia re Terence to the Jews, he woiil I take the opportu- nity of imimating the intmtion'hurdy to form, in this city, an Aux liary to tho London Society fir tho conversion of the JHWS. In conclusion, like Wellington at Waterloo, when «ord was brought that a diviFion of the army was pressed by (he enemy and needed succour, he would say to those who weie engaged in this, . highir cause, " b- firm I be firm I ' and off J« and per- severance would thus be crowned with succss. Trto Rev. Mr. NICOLSON, in a Concluding speech, set forth the capacity of the people for raising pecuniary aid, showing how easily JEIOOO could be raised by a congregation of four hun- dred penp'e The meeting- W-IB conc'udei in the usual way, shortly after nine o'clock. 