THE MA.RVELS OF GHOST-SEEING. [From the York Christian Spiritualist, Ifov. i. The Lost Passengers of the Arctic.—1 he following is the letter of Judge Bdraonds, re ferred to last week in the notice we made of Brother Harris's sermon. We have no doubt it will be read with pleasure, and, we hope, with thought and attention, as there are some points that may seem new to the spiritual reader. While we are yet in the infancy of mediumship, and very imperfectly understand its philosophy, it behoves all to be thoughtful and cautious in reading, that fall justice may be done to all—the spirit, the medium, and the thought communicated. We have much yet to learn and unlearn :— *' New York, October 21* 'Dear Sir—Perhaps in your discourse on the wreck of the Arctic, you would be willing to have a more minute detail of the events which I mentioned the other day, and 1 will therefore give it to you. " For several days before we received the news of the accident, an attempt was made to communicate the event to my daughter, as she had been a. year ago taught the wreck of the San. Francisco. But it tailed because of her anxiety about a relative of hers who was at sea, and with whom she associated the wreck the moment the idea was presented to her. Thus was produced confusion and anxiety," which interfered with the clearness of the com : munication, though the idea of a-wreck was frequently and vividly presented to her. " On the day before the arrival of the news -she had a call from a lady friend, who, in the course of her visit, became en tranced,, and gave a graphic description of some of the scenes which we afterwards learnt took place on board the ili-fhted steamer. But the communication was inWirupted, ^nd thus only an indefinite apprehen sion ofsooic impending misfortune was produced. " On the day after we received news of the wreck I re- ; turned home from my office late in -the afternoon, and i found my friend Mr. J—- in my parlour with my , uaugmvi. oumcspirit wasnjinmumcaung tnruuguaim. I gave my attention to it, and then, for about two hours, through him, through Laura, through Mr. A , who came in during the evening, and through myself we had the intercourse with the passengers of the Arctic winch T mentioned to you. " I imbibed the idea that tlicrc were present with us at least 100 of them, though only a few made themselves known to or spoke to us. "X. B. Blunt, late District-Attorney, Bishop Wain right, Isaac T. Hopper, Dr. Cory, and others of my spirit fricude, were also present, and occasionally spoke through or to some of us. " I plainly saw the whole assemblage, and particularly ouc of them, with whom I had been well acquainted. He was labouringmider great mental excitement. He exclaimed to me, '.GoodGod, Edmonds! can this be true ? Is death, after all, what you said it was, and is this death? Can it be possible this is the change which death makes ?' " X auswered, ' You see. * You can judge for yourself. Bring your own clear intellect to bear upon it, and you can understand it.' "'Bat,' he said, 'where ami? What must I do? Where am I going? Is this to be always so ?' " I told him, 'Xo, by no means is it to be always so. But it will be difficult for me to'tell you what to do, for I cannot know all the circumstances that surround you. But there is one close at hand who can tell you, and •ho can assist vou.' "' Who is that ?' he asked. " I answered,' Our old friend Blunt.' " He said, 'Xat? Is he here? Where? Let me see liim. Let mc hear from him where I am, and what I am to do?' " This conversation had thus far-been between me and that spirit direct, and now Mr. Blunt came through my daughter, and said 'Judge, tell him I am near at baud, ready to assist him, and he has only earnestly to wish.it to see and hear mc himselfl Now, his mind is in. such uncertainty and confusion, that neither his brother nor I can make ourselves visible to him.' " This being said to me in an audible voice was heard also by the spirit, who no longer paid any attention to mc, but turned to where Blunt was, and soon engaged in conversation with him. <rOthers of those spirits then spoke to me. One said to mc that his last thought on going down with the ship was; that in a few moments he should be re-united agaiu to Iris wife and children, who went down with him; but he said—and this-so much astonished him— ' When 1 beheld my wife and children passing away from mc in different directions, and. I am left alone so near the earth. Is this to be always so? Am I never, never to see them again? And am I always to hover thus near the earth ? " Another, whom I had well known, said to me, with ^ i* * a good deal of emotion, * Friend Edmonds, is it trne, then, this which I always thought on illusion of thy insane mind ? It truly seems so. I know I have died; but now 1 seem as innch upon earth as ever, and I talk to thee as plainly as ever I did. Oh, tell me what all this means, and what 1 am to do?' " I referred him to Father Hopper, who was present, and who could instruct him .better than I could. He shrank from this, and reminded me that he and Mr. Hopper "had not agreed very well upon earth, having sonic difficulties with each other 'in meeting'—that is, in their religious society. " Mr. Hopper then spoke to me through Laura, and bade mc reassure him that no' unpleasant recollection of the past dwelt upon his mind; that he was ready to help him; 'and,' he added, 'tell him, Judge, thatl will be just as quick now to take him as he was to turn me out of raeetinir. Tell liim so, 3 udge, will you ?" " Tq reply, I said, *1 need not repeat it, for he hears what you say through the medium. But your allusion to the old difficulties disturbs him.' "* Tell him,' he answered,' never mind that; it is only 'mattcrto be laughed at now,and I desire only to befriend him and set his mind at case.' "'Yes,' I said,'old friend, that you have already done, for he holds out his hand to you.' " And they two passed away together from my view. " One of the sailors spoke to me, and though not a inau of as much education as the others, ho was evidently .more at home, and more at ease than they were. He said that after the collision he had not thought of himself until the boat shoved off from the ship. He had been very busy trying to stop the leak: and when all work on that ceased it had occurred to him that he ought to save himself; tliat he had an aged mother, a wife, and some children in New York, and he asked himself—* What will they do ■ this winter without raer' and so he jumped from the ship to reach the raft, but he fell short, and sank in the water. He came up uuder the raft, and his head bumped against it until be was drowned. " There was much less agitation in him -than in the others, and I obtained from him a clear account of seve ral things. " He spoke in great admiration of the efforts on board the ship ofthe one who first spoke to us ; said he took a command, and directed much that was done. He was cool, collected, and energetic, aud made himself felt and obeyed by all. " He also spoke of the general deportment when all hope of saving themselves was abandoned. He said the 6ight was really sublime; a deathlike stillness reigned, and a calm came over them all, as if each was quietly bracing himseli to meet his destiny. " I asked him how it happened that they so many of them came to us, aud if he had not yet met any of the inhabitants of the spirit-world besides those who had entered it with him ? "He answered, 'Yes; his father and two other rela tives had come to him and welcomed him, and then told him to go with the others, and learn what he could.' He could not give mc his name, or the street where he re sided. There was no medium present through whom the abstract idea of a name could be given. " Among those who spoke to me was a woman. She was very cheerful and pleasant, and, from what Bhe said, it was manifest that her thoughts in life had been nure for others than for herself. She understood morecleariy the condition in which she found herself, and had come with the others znorc to aid them than herself "Bishop Wainwright, through Mr. J., uttered a most touching and impressive prayer. ""And, finally, there spoke to me the spirit of a man, who said that he was a European, whose name was un known to me, but mine was not unknown to him. He had already given some attention to the spiritual philo sophy, and had found in it much that was consonant with his reason, with his instincts, and with what he had learnt of nature (aud that was not a little, for he was evidently an educated man). " He had been on his way to this country on boa in ess, and had intended, while here, to call on me. He Baid that his belief had been of vast service to him, for it had not ouly robbed death of its terrors, but had enabled him, ou entering his new existence, to understand his position and to know where he was. He had not, therefore, shared the amazement, excitement, and confusion of mind wliieh had so much disturbed others. " Wlien that large number of persons had awakened to consciousness in the spirit world and were amazed at the cosdition in which they found themselves, a voice had spoken to them saying, ' The gates of death have been opened to you. Now let the gates of eternal life be likewise opened to ye. Go ye to the earth again and learn there how to enter them!' They had, accordingly, come to earth, and, scattering in various directions, had sought the mediums on this continent. Hence it was that so large a number were now with us. " He said that I could form no just conception of the condition in which they found themselves. No two were alike. In some blank amazement, stupificd; in some, terror and uncertainty assumed the form of the ex citement of insanity; in some there was a stolid, har dened indifference; in some, a happy confidence as to the future, without knowing why; and in a few there was a knowledge, imbibed on earth, which inspired hope and confidence. They were the most cheerful and hoping who, on earth, had been least selfish and most active in their efforts for others. " Tliev were, he said, surrounded by bright spirits who were willing to aid them; but, having been cot off from mortal life suddenly, and without the weaning from earthly ties which old age or protracted disease always produce, their earthly feelings were still predominant with many, and, in connexion with the excitement^ con fusion, ana uncertainty prevailing in their minds, ren dered them inaccessible to the approach of those brighter spirits. ' Why,' he added, 'We do not even see each other, though hovering thus together around you. We have, as it were, a dim consciousness of each other's presence, and through the instrumentality of the mediums, we hear and converse with you and with each other. For this purpose it is that we are con ducted here by our spirit-guides, that we may learn cur true condition, and, through mortal means, unlearn the errors which our mortal life has instilled into us. Speak, then, Judge, to them. You they all can hear, and from your lips they may early learn the lesson of the realities before them, which, sooner or lata, they most all learn. Speak plainly, but gently, for oh! jou know not how much of sorrow and anxiety there is in the hearts which you can thus relieve.' " I accordingly, for a few moments, spoke to them. I reasoned with them of the great doctrine of progression which is now being revealed to man. I reminded them that from birth their life had been one of progression, and now they could readily perceive that that life still continued, and with it must continue the influence of that law of progression. It was of importance to them to know tlus, for then and only then could they know how to direct their- action wisely and well. And, fortunately for them, they were Enow in a condition where they could ascertain, if they would, how trne or false this teaching was. <f So, too, if they became satisfied of that, they oonld readily learn the law by which that progression could be most advanced or retarded. That law was love—Jove of God, and of one another, to be manifested not in profes sion only, but in active efforts to do good to one another. That-could be done by them in the spirit life as well, and even better, than in their mortal existence. "So, too, I told them that they were surrounded by bright and beatified spirits, who were ready to take them to their arms, to teach them the holy truths wliieh are now also being revealed to man npon earth, and to point them the way to happier realms, which they may in time attain. And I assured them that thpy had but to make themselves accessible to their.spint friends - by earnestly desiring their presence and aid, to enjoy the inestimable assistance which could soon dispel the gloom of doubt and uncertainty, and open to their vision a bright and holy light from above. " I told them that I did not ask them to receive these things as trne became I said so, bnt to examine fortbem selves, with all the advantages which they nowpossessed, ancl. to judge for themselves. It could do no harm thus to investigate, but if, on investigation, they should find that I was correct, they would also find much that would be of inestimable value to them. " Somethingxnore to the same effect I said, and, com mending them in few words to the protection of our Heavenly Father, and the guardian "care of the bright spirits who were around them, I closed the interview, and they faded from my wicw. . . - - r • - Afiecuonatelyvouis, "EwEer* "J, W, Eucqspi, 