ffirftiggg ftmn fficrot TWO "KINGS AND TWO COUNTRIES. Foes in arms, when swords were swaying in the push of battle: Foes in arts, when pens were weighing claims with critic prattle: Foes in trade, at every haven, Jack 'gainst Tricolour; Foes in habits, in the leaven of their lives, all o'er: France and England, foet no longer, hand in hand are clasping: For their ancient fend the stronger he that tardy gras ping ! Bells from out a hundred steeples clash their gladsome „ greeting, "While the ckieb of two fereat peoples join in friendly meeting. Thick within my brain are clustering dim historic fancies Of our Henry, bluff and blustering, kissing liquorish Francis: While the Cardinal, prime mover of those puppets royal, By Anno Boleyn's broad-back's lover rears his brow dis loyal. What are our shows for the million to tliat gorgeous scene, In the carved and gilt pavilion, on the plain of Guisnos? Plate, and cloth of gold and arras—fountains running wine Gems that hungry eyes embarrass with their ^changing shine; While, amid those blazing splendours—cynosures of all— Hove the Kings, with their defenders, proper men and tall. Brandon, Dorset, Ratcliffc, Neville, Capel, and Carew, England's champions in the revel, and the tilt-yard too; St Pol, Montmorency, Biron, Flcuranges, andv.Com raincs, Lusty sites, in silk or irou brave alike of mien. Meteor-like in trailing seal lets Holsey rides along, While Lords, proud to serve as varlets, at his stirrup throng In old time, 'twas in such journeys, with their pomp and pride, " Masques and muramings, jousts and tourneys, kings, not countries vied. In the persons of Ihcirprinccs nations then were known ; What of light that time evinces seines from round the throne. Of the people—of their williug, working, suffering— nought! Good for taxing, they, or killing, while kings 6pcnt or fonght. Times arc changed. Nor mask nor tourney gildsour sober days; Kings, like common folks, must journey by the iron ways. For our Queen, of outward honour make we small ado; Yet splendour waits upon1 er bluff Hal never knew. With no shows nor pageants pressing round her though she move. She has gems—a people's blessing ; she lias guards— their love. In their Sovereigns' courteous rncetkg France and Eng land share. The nations are repeating vows the monarchs swear. THE CRICKET ON THE MORMON'S HEARTH. We learn from the Xew Fork Herald that the crickets and grasshoppers arc devouriug up, and serve them right, the Mormons of Utah. That grasshoppers will devour men, nay whole families alive, is a fact not to be denied by any one who will consider the doings of the Gresham grasshopper at the Stock Exchange. How many a broker has ttiafc grasshopper nibbed to bits, singing the while, and the Bow bells ringing music to the least! | In like manner, the Mormons were chewed up in the ! Illinois iu 1816, devoured—say the accounts—1 by the i crickets; great goggle-eyed, crook-legged, bottle-bodied i monsters." They are more than a match for the oriental white ant, that in a night will leave the bones of an elephant as dean as a domino. Most appalling are the accounts of the ravages of these monster erickct6 on the hearths of the Mormons. Cradles, with half-a-dozen babes in them at night, are found empty in the morning. And a doting and iucompar;ihle husband—the spouse of 14 wives at dewy eve—finds himself seven times a widower at sunrise, 'it is said, and we give the fact as a warning to all about to emigrate to marry at the Salt Lake, that the crickets have a preference for wives; carrying half-a-dozen off from under one roof, and devouring them to a music of their own, aud that may be set to the old words of—" Plenty more where they come from." WONDERS OF THE VICTORIAN AGE. Our gracious Queen—long may she till her throne— Has been to sec Louis Napoleon. The Majesty of England—bless her heart!— Has cut her mutton with a Bonaparte; And cousin Germans have surrired tlu view Of Albert taking luncheon at St. Cloud. In our young days we little thought to sec Such legs stretched under such mahogany; That British royalty would ever sliare At a French palace French imperial fare: Nor cat—as we should have believed at school— The croaking tenant of the marshy pool. At the Trout Fteres we bad not feasted then, As we have since, and hope to do again. This great event of course could not take place Without fit prodigies for 6uch a ase: The brazen pig-tail of Kicg George the Third Thrice with a horizontal motion stirr'd Then rose on end, aud stood so all day long, Amid the cheers of an admiring throng. In every lawyer's office Eldon shed From plaster nose three heavy drops of red. Each statue, too, of Pitt turu'd up the point Of its proboscis—was that out of joint ? Whilst Charles James Fox's grinn'd from car to ear, ^ And Peel's emitted frequent cries of " Hear 1" A SPIRITUAL WEEKLY PAPER. The Spiritual Telegraph is a New York paper, worth, it would seem, many a rap. Iu South Nuggctsou, how over, Vermont State, there are 4t weekly papers" edited and got up wholly by spiritual management \ We are told that a Mr. and Mrs. Merrill of that enlightened place bave, like Jeptha, a daughter—that is, a medium daughter. " They have an interesting medium in the person of their own daughter, 15 years old, through whom vo lume* have been written." Written, doubtless, on tallest foolscap, and bound in thickest calf. But this is nothing. " They receive' weekly papers printed in imitation of type, aud edited hy angels;' and they have'sheets written by invisible hands in red and black ink,' though they have * no red iikin the house, and never tad any.' They have seen the spirit-liand which wrote these, seen spirit lights, and had many other demonstrations of spiritual presence." That papers should be edited by angels proves that the printer's devil has, at least in Vermont State, been altogether superseded. Now, by what means do these angels write? With sunbeams ? or with quills, plucked and nibbed from their own wings? that may, in some measure, aceouut for the redness of the ink. As for the •'Spirit-hand," we can easily imagine what sort of baud this must be, Mr. Punch having, in his varied experience, often seen tho sort of hand, of exactly the same crooked pattern, held up in the doek of the Old Bailey. Mr. Punch can, in Ins own person, almost believe iu the pos sibility of an angel of an editor; but how about an angel of a penny-a-liner? Who is to swallow 7umf BOMBAliMIENT OF SWEABORG. [From the Invulnerable Fusee.'] A supplement to the above journal contains the fol lowing despatches from the commander of Sweaborg. They are dated 29th of July {otherwise August 10). The enemy's fleet, consisting of 150 ships of the line, 120 mortar-boats, aud 230 gunboats, anchored at 9 ann., k and opened fire. They fired from 500 to 520 shots a ' minute, but with no effect. 2.40 after midnight.—The fire of the enemy has bo comc so heavy that three mortar-boats have been shat tered to pieces by the recoil, the crew of which were picked up by the boats of the ships of the line. The enemy has already lost Id,000 shells. 5.55 a.m.—A shell has fallen upon a spirit shop, and the conflagration of 20 hogsheads of raki is the conse quence. Nothing can exceed the enthusiasm of our brave soldiery, who burn for the hour of vengeance. 8.15 am.—A rocket has just entered a chemist's and an explosion followed. The chemist's untortunately ad joining an oil ? nd pickle shop, the flames have spread. The conduct of our troops is excellent. 10.25 a.rn.—A shell has burst in a barrel of tar, in dose proximity to a powder-magazine. The impending destruction was stayed by the heroic Borabadier Waghisownchiuol£ who fluug himself into the burning mass, and at the cost of his own life, and with incredible coolness, extinguished it, His ashes have been pre served, and, duly enshrined in an urn of platina, will be dedicated to St. Andrew. 12.30 p.m.—The enemy has brought up all his boats, but, thanks be to St. Nicholas, has done nothing of con sequence. 1 p.m.—A lucifer match manufactory caught fire, but the flames have been extinguished J>y a milkmaid (name not given). 2 p.m.—The enemy have withdrawn all their ships, mortar-boats, and gunboats that have escaped. All our batteries are consolidated in their foundations by the thunder of the enemy. Casualties.—One Cossack missing. RABELAIS IK THE CRIMEA, TTair. Rabelais, in the Islandof Sound, did anatomise and describe the great beast Session. As for the inward and outward parts, or closc-cabinet down-with-tfae- opposition developments, of the great beast Session, they were pretty much as follows;— His head was like a barber's block stuffed with wool sacks. His brain was made of addled eggs and Vienna diplomacy. His neck, of a gallows of public opinion. His shoulders, of other people's work. His arms, of doing nothing all the week, and no beer on Sundays. His hair, of a Brougham-stick. His fjiest, of a Chancellor of the Exchequer and a breviafjr. His heart, of a leather strap. nis conscience, of an India-rubber purse. His legs, of the knaves of cluhs. His feet, of other men's shoes. His toes, of a treadmill for young thieves. His teeth, of opera ivories. His gnus, of red tape. His tongue, of the ghost of ch&os.; His fingers, of a banker't trowel. His nails, of clenches. His eyes, of blind puppies. His cars, of other men's wit. His smelling apparatus or nose, of rats and Thames water. A continuation of Session's countenance, posture making, and maimer of behaving:— Whtin he opened Ms mouth, the truth was shut up In a box. When he prayed, it was new bishops and Kentish rag i tone. "Whenlie*'fixed his eye," it was "hull's" fixings and smiles. When he told the truth, the birds fell off the trees when you shook them. When he was in a fighting humour, coals went to New castle and came back again. "When he was religious, it was raw lobsters and wooden staves. When he dined, it was off skinned eels. When be gave an alms, it was the shadow of askimwd flint. When he fought, it was with spiked guns and broken pickaxes. When he made peace, it was soft sawder and place. When he gave promotion, it was weak hands and strong pockets. When he listened, ft was catching the sails of wind mills. When he was free to confess, it was vested interests and younger sons. When he divided, it was woodcutter's splinters. When he yawned, it was common sense out of the windows. When he laughed, it was widows and wounded sol diers. When he diplomatized, it was bottles at a prize-fight. When he amended, it was flies walking on iheir backs. When he felt truly sorry*, it was tcupenny nails in pound of Westminster baiter. When he rose to order, It was confusion in seren-ieaguc boots. When he expressed his opinion, it was bosh helping bonkuns to escape. When he was tired, it was other men's tight hoots and used-up sittings. When be was at work, it was cobwebs and commis sions. When he had done doing nothing, it was grouse and skylarks. When he came in, it was sackcloth and ashes. When be went out, it was church veils and smiles. When Ire «une to an end it was another bad beginning SfcED COATS IK -COEKI. Inter arma*ileni lege*. Hot so, says Lord Campbell. JIc likes to«ee&fid;£scts in ft courtofjusiicc^ •'rhUia.ervea are strong enough to bear the sight of them,"and he hopes i he shall not discharge his duty with less comfort because of their presence/' There is an old circuit toast, "The glorious uncertainty of the law." Now red coats in court will give a deeper significance to this toast; for con trasting with the black of the bar, they may further illustrate the uncertainty oi rouge-et- noir, THE ADULTERATOR'S ALPHABET. BT IK APPRENTICE OF THE LAUREL. A *6 the Mock Auction—go buy, if you choose, The trash palm'd upon you by duffers and Jews, B is the Baker, whose loaves sell the faster When made up of alum, potatoes, and plaster, I C is the Clergyman—mind he don't mix ' His Rubric with Pusey's or Claphamite tricks. | D is the Druggist—the Lancet explains j How lie poisons each drug, and increases your* pains. | E *s the Excise, that affixes its locks— J But very queer mixtures arc made in the docks. j F is the fellow whose furniture falls I To pieces as soon as it's set round your walls. j G is the Grocer—the rascal is he ! Who puts sand in your sugar, and sticks in your j tea. I H is the Hatter—his hats (which you bet) Turn shamefully brown the first time they get wet. i I i6 the Iukmakcr, he's a nice fellow— 1 His deepest jet black in a week becomes yellow, J is the Jeweller—I know who is sold When you've bought his sham gems neatly set in i sham gold. i K is K.G., and a titlcdebased , Since Nick and Nurse Ab in the Chapel were graced. L is the Laureate, who tenders usjor song A lachrymose whine when wc wanted a war-song, M is the Member, the place- hunting elf, Selling rubbish he's no right to sell—that's himself N is the Nurse who your suffering insults— Who gives Godfrey to babies, and plunders adults. O is the Omnibus cad, who deceives Concerning his route, and who lets in the thieves. P is the Publican, neck deep in sin, With salt in his beer, and with tcrps in his gin. Q 's the Queen's Government {that's but a phrase) Who delude their good Mistress in all kinds of ways. R *s the Romance writer, read with a groan, What's good he has prigg'd, and what's stupid's his S is the Stockjobber—none can dispute That ahull or a bear is alow kind of brute. T is the Tailor, who makes us'all wroth With bis skimping bad fits, and bis rotten old cloth. C is your Uncle, the Usurer Pop, And legalized cheating goes on at his shop. V is the Vintner, you trace, when you dine, His crimes in the mess that his brought you for wine. W's the Watchmaker, nine times a-week His " warrants" should bring up himself to the Beak. X (with an e) 's the Exchequer, which axes All sorts of unjust and irrational taxes, Y is a Yokel—when he meets your eyes, Look out'—he's most likely a thief in disguise. Z #s Zadkiel, the quack who, with " Venus" and " Mars," Diddles Zanies, by lying reports from the 6tars. MRS. BURDEN'S ANNUAL TROUBLES. Well! Here's my plagues conic back again—the usual torment of the season, Them nasty good-for-nothing flics—I can't think what , can be the reason. In course such things is sent to try and punish us for cur transgrcssins! To think that books—oh! all my eye—is wrote to prove the varmint blessiu's! Bother your nasty snails and slugs, and what you call vour recreations In natural history, fleas and bugs, and insects and tbeir habitations, Inhabiting our ticks and beds, where there's no means of getting at 'em. What can there he in people's heads to like such nasty things? ah, drat 'cm! Your cockchafers, and grubs, and worms, your palmers and your caterpillers, And what's the use of Latin terms for good-for-nothing moths and millers ? Which in the candle always flies, and serve'em right, although they suffers ? But then it gutters whilst they fries, and so I kills 'cm with the snuffers. Their homes and haunts, indeed! I know too well what places ihcy infestes, They barrows in my broekilo, and in my cabbage makes their ucstcs. They winds llieir ways, and lays their eggs, frets, and ferrets, and deposits. Their nits in cioihes on all my pegs, inall my trunks, and drawers, and closets. Bluebottles, I am quite aware, about my safes and larder buzzes, Left, open by the want of care of inattentive thoughtless hussies. Blackbcctlcs on the kitchen floor, and cockroaches, all night are sprawling, From underneath the cupboard door or from behind the dresser crawling, i A hole somewhere behind the grate, I take it, is the cricket's quarters, 1 Where they goes on at such a rate a-chirruping at night —the Tartars! j In windows and on ceiling both he daddy-longlegs fix ; his station, And is a sign of shameful sloth whichever is his situa- ; tion. 1 I know that mites inhabits cheese, aud hams is where wc meets with hoppers, 1 know likewise that straw breeds fleas ; thatch'd cottages is full cf whoppers; All that 1 know, nnd that's enough; I want to know no more about 'cm Unless it is what pison stuff is the best kind of thing to rout 'cm. Slaggots in Albert nuts is found, and apples also is their dwelling, Wopsos in plums and pears abound, and stings, which cause a dreadful swelling; Talk of the good which they fulfils!—I don't believe a word or letter. Whst I say is, the more you kills of enemies like them the better. Tliey plaguy things was made to eat our refuge, lecture teachers tell us; ilubbidtre 1 they comes to taint our meat. If we was to believe thera fellows, The biow-flies wc should leave alone, and let the spiders live to eat 'em. And be with cobwebs overgrown—a pretty way, indeed, to treat 'cm. Servants would have a fine excuse, dusters and brooms for not employing, If sitcli like crctufs was of use, and therefore didn't want j destroying— I I sweeps 'cm down, and hunts 'cm cut with every kind I of persecution.®, And crcsh and tremplcs 'cm without mare pity than I would the Eooshiaus. ASTONTSHrXG- THE "BBOWyS." The Laureate says that wc arc fools to trust" a trades man's ware cr word," hut we hope tliat we may be per mitted to recognis his politeness. The remark is forced from us by observing the exquisite made in which the west-end traders now return us our very small ehaugc. Before us lies the sum of twopence, which, with a bottle of soda-water, wc have received from a Pimiieo chemist, I in return for a sixpence. The eopptrs" are enclosed 1 in the neatest little square scented envelope, on which is embossed a charming wreath of lilies and roses—the latter coloured rosy red—and this legend is intertwined I with the flowers—"TheChange—with Thanks." Can politeness go further? Echo answers in the affirmative, i lor we understand that other tradesmen have even blander phrases engraven on their packets. One hands you the change, inscribed, " Svhat a lovely day !" Another, with an eye to business, says," With hope to sec you again," and a third, " Would you recommend our articles?" The Spaniards used to perfume their money. The Englishman does tliis, aud more—hu gives you perfumed money and ftiir words. He mav cheat, but even if he does, it is a case of " stealing, aud giving odour." NOTA BEXE. Mr. Funch has been requested by one of the crew of the Lady Xancy to give insertion to the following acros tic. Could he refuse? HOW SHAIX WB GET XT THB BUS5IAN FLEET ? T aganrog's vixen idly rests 011 her laurels, H appily cradled on Kcrtch's dark strait; E acn wave as it lifts her, asks," Where is your sister?" L ady Xancy replies, " I've nor sister nor mate." A h f ah 1 say the waves, as they carelessly glide by, D *yc think, Nan, for you a tit mate could he found ? Y ou're ugly, dear Nanny; cheap, made in a hurry, N othingdashingaboutyou—you're not worthtcn pound. A las, replies Nancy, it's true; still I fancy N ot all's gold that glitters; I'm young, strong, and rough; C an fight in all weathers, want no pahit ortine feathers; Y ou'li find, as " times go," I'm " the right sort of stuff." A.Z.V. LATIN Toil THAMES. There are extant some eld engravings of the Hirer Thames and its banks, under the name of Thaincsis Fluvius. Xow the Thames is not so much Fluvius as Effluvium. Moreover the urn, out of which, as in the statue at the back of Ham House, Father Thames is represented as pouring his stream, ought iii the present day to be exchanged by sculptors for a slop-pail. TTTE SECONDS* ADVICE ON FAINTING. (By Old Smell fun gits.) A faint is a fashionable exit, cn impromptu flight of the imagination, a convenient absence, during which a lady frequently displays to the greatest advantage her presence of mind, losing purpose1}* all consciousness, the better to enable her to collect Iter wits. OUR NAVAL GREATNESS. The circumstance that the Admiralty persists in building vessels like the MarlborantjU, of a size enor mously disproportionate to the rr-qulreraents of service, suggests the idea that iny Lords who constitute that Hoard must be a set of old Pantaloons, whose notions of magnitude in reference to utility are derived from panto mimes, in which exhibitions a tea-spoon becomes as large as a shove1, and a watch acquires the dimensions of a frying-pan. One would expect them to carry out the propensity to physical exaggeration in their domestic arrangements, eating their dinners with knives bigger than broadswords, and forks only a little shorter in the handle than garden-prongs; writing fetters with pens i long and as thick as walking-sticks, and tying up des patches, covering more space than flig-sloucs, with red tape broader than the palm of the hand. RETRIBUTIVE. Sir James Graham opened letters that were private, though not so marked. Sir Charles Napier prints let ters, in defiance of 44 the private" written thereon by the late Lord of the Admiralty. Wc bear that Sir James ex presses himself as perfectly shocked at Sir Charles! AX UNRECORDED CURIOSITY OF LONDON. The groat pillar of the Stock Exchange is Earou Ro!hfchU<l; and yet, strange to say, this pillar is all capital. OFFICIAL INCUBATION. Sir. Jlonsell has confessed that Government has had Mr. IlasUley Britten's improved 6hcllsnmemoutViSuud*r consideration. The presumption might be that the shells were empty, since Government has been rilling on them s > long without hatching anything, if it were not satisfied of the fulness of the shells, and equally con vinced of the Government's emptiness. A MOST TOUCHING PROOF. A yonng lady, ulio had weaihered many summers at the seaside, was accused of dyeing her hair, winch is of a rich raven-black. She declared in the most indignant manner that there was not the slightest tnr.h in l he ac cusation—more than this, she generously offered to ht j any one examine her hair, to see how false it was! THE TfAVVT OF NETHERBY. ] Sir James Graham, the other day, turned the first sod i of the Silloth Railway. This was a navvy's work to be sure; but the Right Honourable lJaronet could have I condescended to a much more unworthy employment. : Signor Mazzini, Mr, Layard, and Sir Charles Xapicr ' could mention much dirtier jobs, of which the perfor- j xnance might be possible to Sir J amcs Graham. j THE LAST YANKEE CRY. j Xo English 1 no Irish! no Germans! no Taxes! no j Government I no Babies!—Know Nothing ! 1'. j A FOUL COPY. The imitation of Feel £n every respect is proposed by Sir James Graham to hiraaetX Ii will not do. Graham will always di^Jxom.£eeh& wantng thf property of \ bqng candid. 