LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. FcivTHEit Pborooatiok of the Council. — We received a Government Gazette Extraordinary by yesterday's post, and which praclaims the Council to lie further prorogued from the 20th to the 28th November instant, when it is to meet for despatch of business. . _ More Lionr Bread. — An information was heard yostei day at the Police-Office against Mr. Tatcs.'a baker, for selling a loaf which weighed only ) i lh Mr. R chcr appeared for the defend ant, and showed that the bread was sold fora lilb. loaf for ninepence, and not for a 2 lb. loaf. The information was then withdrawn. Another was gone into against Mr. Page, another baker, for selling a loaf which was If ozs. short of 2 lb. The case wsb clearly proved, and tho Bench fined Huge £3, and 9a. Od. costs. On Wednesday last Mr. Webb, of the Victoria Tea Warehouse, in Wellington-street, weighed what had been deliver ed to him the day before for a 2 lb. loaf, and found it nearly five ounces shoit of the proper weight. M. Hacser's Concert. — Another of these de lightful cntcitainmcnts was given on Tuesday evening, at the Cornwall Assembly Room. The attendance, we regret to say, was less than at ei ther of the previous concerts. M. Hauscr acquitted himself, however, with even more than his Conner ability, and drew forth the most unbounded grati fication from all present. Ho was vociferously en cored in oivry piece he played, and, with an anii kbilitv rare to lie found amongat - tho majority of great players, complied with each request, although he must have felt severely taxed by the efforts de manded of him, and not a little discouraged by bis limited auditory. The rendering of the andante and rondo by Ole Bull was beautifully in taste and expression, the melody of the piece too, is a very pleasing one. Being encored in this, he gave in stead, tho ' Adagio Rcligioso' (Mother's Prayer and Angel's Song) by the saino eminent musician. Of the latter it is impossible to spejk sufficiently in praise. As a composition it is surpassed by but fow even of the great names on the musical record. Its tender pathos, and poetical conception, throw a charm around it which entrances the emtitant as well as the hearer. The delicate tracery of the melody is highly artistic, displaying a variety of nuance irresistible to the car and feelings, and in deed, we think this feature more imlicuive of M. Hauser's general style of playing than any other, although he is by no moans deficient in the tour- deforce school cither Of his ability ae a violinist, however, more needs not be said. We have no doubt he will ' lionise' in a more than ordinary degree in the London musical world, if he lias not already done so. Mr. Bial'e accompaniments on the occasion (re refer to, were as usual, in strict keeping and musicianly skill. His execution of the 'Sicilicnno' was particularly effective, show ing great strength of finger and purity of touch. Wo were also much struck with the Tcina, a wiiy beautiful one, and which was pleasingly perceptible throughout. Mr. Sharp's band added much to the evening's amusement. The waltzes especially merit notice, as being very pretty in themselves, and performed with more certainty and vigor than were the overtures. The subject of the first over- ture struck us as being rather dry and imperfectly expressed, its treatment is by no means happy, but it was unfairly handled in the performance, which was, for the most part, very loose and unsteady. The second went somewhat better, but the band evidently were not "up," as a whole, in their parts. We have no intention in these remarks to disparage any one, and hope, as we believe, a little more application will obviate these defects another time. We understand M. Hauscr will give another concert before leaving, but under rather different arrangements from those previouly made. Hodart Town Insolvent CovnT.— Mr. J. Davis, of the ' Mercury,' applied to prove a dol-t in the insolvency case of Bickcrton mid Lowe, but was in formed be could nut do it then as this was a meet ing for discharge. Mr. Davis contended that proofs of debts could lie mado at any meeting, pre vious to the insolvent's discharge being made out. Ho bad read over the act carefully, and he taw nothing in it to interfere with his proving this debt, which was on a bill of exchange. Mr. Crisp and Mr. McMinn remarked upon the inconvenience that would attend such a course us that Mr. Davis desired to follow out. Mr. Davis remarked that lawyers may think it would interfere with a por tion of their practice, but ho still should contend that there was nothing in the act to prevent him from proving his debt then. The Commissionei-fi gave Mr Davis to understand, that it would be contrary to the established nilc. The various meetings of insolvents were advertised, and ho was averse to the violation of absolute rules, and could not violateone cons. ientiously in this case. Evandalb. — Cricket. — The lovers of the manly and athletic game of cricket at Evandale have formed a club, and already muster upwards of 30 members, among whom arc some promising players. All those interested should join in support. Mdsio versus Waii.— Yesterday afternoon, whilo the learned Attorney-General was arguing in favour of the demurrer on the privilege question, the military band passed, playing in high glee, ' Pop goes the Weasel,' or something very simi lar to it, which caused somo little delay and con fusion in tho proceedings, from several parties opening tho door to listen to tho ' sweeter strains' outside tho court. The learned gentleman was compelled, however, to sit for a few seconds. The Chief Justice remarking that it was indeed a case ol Music v. War. The Attorney-General, in reply, said he thought music would cany it, which was verified to k demonstration.— Colonial Timu. TnE'8TABor the East.'— Captain Saunders informs us that ho was led to bear up for this vessel on observing that bIio bad lost lior main yard. He sent a boat alongside, and her com mander furnished him with the three liitcstpapcrs, dating 14th, tfith, and 18th August respectively. Tbe ' Slar of the East' is a Liverpool shin, a:d had on hoard Government immigrants. Captain Sauudors was told as a fact, that Sweaborg was in i ho hands of the allies, and, indeed, the intelli gence wo quote elsewhere, and to which we specially direct tho reader, goes to prove this. Sweaborg is the Gibraltar of Die Baltic, and its re duction cannot be too highly estimated. We learn also that a ship (not tbe ' Fantomc') had been chartered to go. in search of tho dismasted vessel (which it 1b possible may bo the mail-ship Emma), sighted off King's Inland. The ' Black Swan,' Captain Saunders states, had arrived. The weather at sea has been very rough, and it is feared the casualties have been numerous and se vere. Wo are much obliged to Captain Saunderx for his courtesy in placing those facts at our dis posal. Reoatta.— A meeting took place on Wednesday evening, at Mr. Sullivan's, when the programme and rules were adopted, and other business trans acted, duo notice of which will be given to the public in the course of next week. All parties present at tho meeting announced that the sub scriptions are going on favorably. The committee have no hesitation in saying the Regatta for 1856, will eclipse all hitherto held. Oon Future Legislature. — In the last number, we canvassed tbe difficulties which seem to us to stand in tho way of forming a ' House of Lords,' when a general election takes place in terms of the new constitution. On the Hobart Town side, we,, learn fioni a positive statement made by the Mer cuiy.that Mr. Justice Home has complied withsevc ral earnest solicitations to allow himself to be put in nomination for a seat in the upper house, and that his return is assumed to be certain. Drilleo Coin.— TIio banks at Hobart Town, have infused to receive drilled coin. Tho circum stance is mentioned, because a large quantity of silver which has been mutilated in tliisway, is now in circulation. By the English law such coin is not a legal tender. Sorell.— Tho crops in thin quarter, states the Colonial Times, are looking quite luxuriant, the fine showers we have lately had have been favorable to them, and it is only fair to state that conside rable, care has been taken in putting the grain into tho ground by fallowing, well ploughing, and manuring it, and every thing bids fair for an abun dant harvest. A Mate of Dido's.— Thomas Watson, per Commodore Hayes, was apprehended in Hobart Town, on Saturday last, by D. C. Fitzsimmons and detective Bailey, in Macquarie-street, on a charge of having in company with William Dris- coll, alias " Dido," murdered George King. Brushy Plains, in the district of Morven. He was for- warded under warrant, on the same day to Morven. He is known to have been in company with Dido, and suspected to have harboured him some time at his hut. Religious Worship. — The present age may or may not be more piously disposed than tho last, but it is certain that the obtamment of proper faci lities for religious worship isoccupyiugmuch atten tion. It hae long been in contemplation to remove tin; city churches from the city, which is unin habited on Sundays, to the suburbs, which have become so populous; for reverend genUomen have occasionally to preach seimons to congregations of from five to twenty, and it is well known that a scanty attendance is dispiriting and without spirit and confidence the best arguments lose weight. A recent act of Parliament repeals tho celebrated act of thc62d yearofGco. 111., which rendered it penal for twenty persons, exclusive of the house hold, to assemble for reading prayers. Piety, like charity, may now begin at home— or, there is still another course. Sir Richard Mayne, it is announ ced, ' has granted permission to the Rev. Newman Hall to preach at the obelisk in tho Blackfriars mad ;' though how the licensing faculty rests with Sir Richard we do not know, unless he haxol'tniircd preferment consequent upon his late active Sabba tarian arrangements. In addition to these church dangers, Lord Brougham has just introduced a bill, ' to sweop away upwards of a hundred statutes,' which interfered with dissenting worship. These hundred acts must ccitainly have repealed each other to a groat extent, but all was so confused, that even lawvers were puzzled, and it cannot lie said whether the act of Henry VIII. for burning those who deny tho real presence, exists or not. It would be as well to know this. — Lloyd's Weekly Newspaper. Eureka Stockade — It will be remembered, says the Argus, by our readers that when the Com mission of Inquiry into the management of tho Gold-fields were at Ballarat, a number of com plaints were made to them of loss and damage sustained by individuals entirely unconcerned in the insurrectionary movement* from the reckless and wanton conduct of the soldicm and troopers engaged. From certain correspondence published in the Times (Ballarat) of the 1th inst. it appears that two claims for compensation have been refused I)}' tho Board appointed by the Governor to inquire into the merits of such demands. The claim of Mr. B. S. lianull, who published a slsleiiient of his having been dolilieratcly firod at by a trooper close to him, and whose case excited general sym pathy, is refused, as ' from tbe evidence it appears impossible Mr. Hassall could have received his wound from tho militaiy.' Patrick Curtain claimed compensation on the ground that his store was enclosed by tho rioters in their stockade against his wish, and destroyed in the attack. The board do not consider that ho has any claim for compensation. ' That Curtain was the o»nei of a 6tnrc in the immediate vicinity of the Eureka stockade, which was destroyed on the morning of the 3rd December, the board are prepared to admit; but the same was the case witli main- other per sons who, I mm having acted on the occasion of the riots with apathetic indifference to the maintenance of social order, cannot now be suipriscd at being identified with the active rioters.' SricKiNo-ur Extraobdinahv.— A rather amu sing instance of ' dog bite dog' is thus related liv the H. T Advertiser .—?? On Wednesday last, Constable Earle, wbo constituted one of the force, sent from town in search of Dido, when at the Blue Hills, near Oatlands, was met by a party of the 90th, who had been despatched on a siinilur errand. Tbe unfortunate constable was immedi ately pounced upon as the redoubtable bushranger himself, and in spite of his protestations, disarmed and handcuffed. The party then proceeded in search of his supposed companions, and the con stable had tho pleasure of hearing an arrangement proposed to tho 6oldiers, by a settler, to the effect that if they met with the others, the best way would bo to shoot him first, aa it would give them a beltci chance with tile othom, shortly afterwards they came upon three other constables, whom they secured in a similar manner. The party then went to Mr. Wilson's, of the Blue Hills, where the affair was wound up by liberating tho con stables. As the last party ' Btuck up' had a war rant in their jwsscsston for tho apprehension of Dido, with ration vouchee, and other papers, the only way we can account for the conduct of I he soldi cry, seven or eight in numlrer.is by supposing none of them could read, and that the papers could not lw made out till tboy reached Mr. Wilsou'e. Swarus of Motus. — The clouds of dark moths which attracted attention a little time ago must have extended over a vast space. Myriads uf them are washed up on the beach of our bay, ap parently brought in by the tide ; and a gentleman informed Us yesterday, that two hundred miles from the coast, during a calm, as far as the eye could resell, the sea was covered with the*:, li appeals to be a new species, or at least one not fa miliar to our shores, and coining so suddenly, and in such vast numbers, the phenomenon is worthy die attention of tho naturalist. The greater num - her perished almost as suddenly as they arrived, hut a stray one or two yet remain with us. — Get- long Advertiser Raiidit Breeding. — Mr. W. Bacchus, a settler about ten miles north of Ballarat township, visited Melbourne during the pact week, and purchased upwards or a dozen pairs of rabbits, which ho in tendB to breed on his property, having enclosed nearly ten aercn of land lor tho animals to-burrow. Mr. B. also went to Geelong, and negotiated foi the purchase of an additional number, being de sirous of rearing an extensivo breed on his run. — Melbourne Herald. Pleasure Excursion.— The Clarence starts on Monday morning next, on a pleasure excursion for the benefit of the Odd Fellows' Widows' and Orphans' fund. A great many tickets have been disposed of by the several Stewards, and anticipa tions of a first-rate day's plcasu'e are sanguine. Tho Clarence will call at George Town. Cousterfeit Notes. — One of these, purport ing to bo made payable at the Bank of Holborno, was passed to Mr. Spearman on Thursday last. It is signed Jacob Benjamin, San Francisco. Genuine Philanthropy.— Tho Bristol papors contain extremely eulogistic notices of tho late Dr. Estlin, who died in that city in tho middlo of June The deceased was the contemporary and the friend uf Southev, Coleridge, Robert Hali,«fcc, and it was at bis table that Walter Savage Landor fu«t t}ot the poet Tennyson. He was distinguished as an oculist, and in 1812 he established the Dis pcnsaiy for the cure of complaints in the eye, situ ated in Froginorc-Btrcct, Bristol From that pe riod to the present between 00,000 and 70,000 pa tients have been either entirely cured or greatly relieved therein. For the flint fifteen months of the institution all its expenses were defrayed by Mr. Estlin alone, and until disabled by illness, he continued to give bis services gratuitously. Tho following extract from his will is worthy of preservation :— ' Anxious to mark my disapproval .ftjhe absurd wastn of money that usually take* place on' the occasion of a funeral (money which in many cases can lie ill afforded to lie thus squan dered), 1 especially direct that my funeral expenses (exclusive of any sum necessarily employed about the family vault, or for travelling should I die from home), shall not exceed twenty pounds. If respect to (he dead can only be shewn by black fcntheis and black coaches, I am willing to pass to my rest ing-place unrespeclcd. As however my object is not to save money for my estate, and as, without these directions, an additional sum of forty pounds would probably bo expended in heartless show, I direct that thiB latter named amount of forty pounds be distributed in charity as follows.' [A numlier of bequests to deserving poor are then named.] Wmcn is TnE Most Perfect JPopolab Go vernment? — ' That,' said Bias, ' where the laws have no superior.' ' That,' said rhales, ' where the inhabitants are neither too rich nor too poor.' ' That,' said Anacharsis, the Scythian, ' where virtue is honoured and vice detested.' ' That,' said Tattaeus, ' wIiobc dignities are always con ferred upon the virtuous, and never upon the base.' ' That,' said Cleopolus, ' where the citizens fear blame more than punishment.' ' That,' said Ohilo, ' where the laws are regarded more than oratois.' ?' That,' said Solon, ' where any injury done to tho meanest subject is an insult to the whole community' ' But,' said the wisest of them all, 'that is the most perfect go vernment where the earth is not monopolized by tho few to the injury of the many, and where labour, receiving a just remuneration for its toil, is guaranteed to all : in that government you will find neither misery, nor crime, nor poverty.' 'The Insolvency Circular.'— Horrible appa rition ! A commercial Ghost of Hamlet's Fatiicr — , Frankenstein Monster— Death Fetch— Weird Sis tcis— ' bloody Banquo'— and resuscitated Cliarnel House meets our startled gaze under the above title ! It makes one's very blood run cold to read this sepulchral announcement: — ' Our object is to place before the commercial community a faithful record of tho failures which have occurred during the past month, and a list of all meetings to take place in the following month ; so that each mer chant and storekeeper may be enabled to find at a .glnncc.'any particular case in which he may be ,. interested. We also propose giving an abstract of insolvencies at the end of each quaiter, and a gene ral abstract .at the close of each year.' Ugh ! -what an orgie among the dead bones for ' each merchant and storekeeper!' Alas that it should bo necessary ! — Melbourne Herald. 1 CafT ain Disney's War Projectile. — On the 8th of August Lord Ranclagh had a large party of friends, including among them the Duke of Wel lington, to witness on the grounds adjoining his residence at Fulham, a repetition of the experi ments which were made some days ago near Chel sea Hospital. With this modern reproduction of tlic Greek fire, materials under ordinary circum stances most difficult to ignite were again readily consumed, and every one present appeared more or less satisfied with the importance of the invention. Within the last six weeks improvements have bocu effected at Woolwich in the manufacture of rockets, which at length bccuio for them tbe accu racy of Might so long doridorated. The value of a shell, therefore, charged in tho manner pro posed by Captain Disney, with igneous fluid iB to some extent diminished, but for many purposes it would probably still be found exceedingly ser viceable. Captain Disney states that the chymical preparation which he employs, if tho risk of carry ing it. out ready made h objected to, can he easily manufactured at the seat of war. Captain Disney also exhibited his shell for causing temporary blindness among troops brought uuder its influence. Of course everybody took the precaution to lie at a tolerably safe distance from so formidable a pro jectile at the moment ot its explosion, and the in ventor stated that he had prepared the charge in a very mild form, so as to avoid any awkward con sequences to tile company assembled. We are therefore unable to say what the effect of the shell would be, and can only state that after the fumes of the explosion had extended to some distance, Loid Ranelagh passed through them without any perceptible detriment to his optics. Other gentle men who went up to the shell after it exploded, experienced some irritation in the nostrils, and the material with which it was filled had certainly, to thouninitiatcd, a remarkable resemblance to Lundy Foot suull. |iT AMATEun Theatricals.— Wo perceive that the Launcestun Amateur Dramatic Club have announced their fourth pel lonnancc for Monday evening next, and that one of the pieces selected for representation is Colman's well- known comedy of ' John Bull.' The thanks of the community aro.jinqucstiimahly duo to tho members of the club for their exertions to afford rational amuso . :iDont to Uioir fellow townsfolk, and we cannot, in fairness, withhold our meed of praise at the selec tion ,of so steiling a piece as John Bull, and we trust that a bumper house will assemble to witness its representation. To shew the estimation in which this comedy has been always held by the British public, we cannot do better than quote the remarks of tho well known theatrical cntic. ' D. G.' Ho says :— ' ThiB comedy is in the truest sense English— the sentiments are manly and pure — and the moral is calculated to render man kind bettor and happier. No comedy was ever received with more applause than John Bull, and a L-.rgor sum waB paid for it than ever before fell to the lot of the dramatic author. Tears and laughter took their turn— tear's of joy and sorrow : laughter, not at idle buflbnery, but broad humour and well-seasoned wit. While often a sentiment that touched the tenderest chord of charity would call forth a simultaneous buist of emulation that proclaimed the stage a legitimate school, ' To raise the feeling, and to ' Mend the heart.' ' While old English feeling prevails, it must continue to be popular.' We pcrccivo also that I be price of the pit tickets has been von- judici ously lowered, thereby enabling tiic mechanic and iiis family to enjoy, at a moderate cost, a pleasing and instinctive evening's entertainment. £9° Steamer. — We undeistand Mr. Wectman has received instructions from the owners to en deavour to find a purchaser for that beautiful and really first-rate steamer, (iron), the 'Fcnella'. Now that the fever of exorbitant prices has passed away, it might l» worth whilo enquiring, could not a company Ixb raised in Launccston to pur chase such a vessel as this for the Sydney trade ? She is certainly especially adapted, and w» should think ought to pay. 