YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION. THE following lecture, on "Christian Associa- tions," delivered in connection with the Young Men's Christian Association, by the Rev. Dr. Woolley, Principal of the Sydney University, yester- day evening, in the theatre of the Mechanics' School of Arts, was listened to with delight by a very nume- rous and highly respectable assembly, including many of the fair sex and a large number of young men, members of the Association. ' The chair was taken by Mr. Fairfax: "The older I grow," said a wise and sagacious lawgiver of old, " the more I would become a learner." In matters, intellectual as well as moral and spiritual, the worst delusion is to " count that we have already attained"-- nay, to fancy that the goal ÍB drawing nearer, that the length of the course we have tra- versed is greater than that which lies be'ore us, is a fatal and infallible sign of degeneracy. Truth is a well which deepens as we seek to fathom it : an ex haustless mino which yields richer and more abundant treasure the more laboriously it is worked. " There is one spring of youth," said the Grecian Poet, " ever welling fresh in the aged-the love of learning:" and One greater than the Poet doubtless included this meaning also in His warning that they who would enter into the kingdom of God must become, not »11 at once, but by a constant and progressive discipline of renewal-"like little children." The greater aptness of age than youth, for learning is one of the thousand pledges and foretastes of immortality which, unno- ticed by the multitude, cheer at every turn the earnest enquirer. It manifests itself in three special ways. The first is the result of the long svstuined habit of thought. At first sight the advantage seems on the other side. Age has no superiority in the strictly ac- quisitive powers-verbal memory and susceptibility to new impressions : these faculties, most vivid in youth, are not unusually impaired by advancing years. But why impaired ? Not because the mind is enfeebled, but because it has less neud of external aid. Few things arc strange to the experienced thinker : phe- nomena most novel and surprising to the beginner he refers at once to familiar principles, or connects with original trains of reflection. His mind ii a well ordered cabinet, or rather a Belf-constructed theory of truth, in which each new fact finds its appropriate place, and mergeB its individual importance in a general law which it illustrates or suggests. Bishop Berkeley has remarked that verbal memory is sometimes in the inverse ratio to activity of thought: in the sluggish intellect, a single impres- sion stands longer unassociated and unmodified ; as the healthy digestion moEt rapidly assimilates the nourishment it receives, so the vigorous mind appro- priates and identifies both, and, intent upon its own operations, scarce notices and easily forgets the object which suggested profound reflections, and issued in momentous conclusions. Deep thought, like dream- ing, is often set in motion by something of which the thinker is almost half-conscious. I remember a dis- tinguished student in Oxford, who, after the dullest lecture or sermon, would seriously profess that he had been greatly entertained - not by the intended mean- ing of the instructor, but by thoughts which he had unsuspectingly awakened, and in which he had no sympathy. Another, when examining a class in a public school, was BO interested and absorbed by the topic discussed, that he was unable to decide which of the boys had answered best, or, indeed, how far they had actively contributed to the enjoyment they had occasioned, -such is the ordinary progress of the soul, from outward observation to inward speculation. The senses dim, the memory grows torpid, but the reason and judgment quicken with a brighter and intenser life-" the outer man decayeth, but the inner man is renewed day by day." Yet mere is age distinguished from youth by its mode of knowing. It is part of man's sore burthen that he cannot acnuire knowledge by one effort; to understand the simplest truth there are needed toilsome and minute analysis and experiment, slow and progressive trains of inference. To few is granted the dowry of genius~the power of penetrating, before experiment, into the essence of things unknown ; of anticipating the demonstrations of science, and con- clusions of philosophy ; of divining the secrets of na- ture, and interpreting the oracles of the human heart. But genius ceases, or almost ceases, to be a distinc- tion in age : the contrast, so glaring in youth, fades with our mental growth ; and, if never obtained, has a constant tendency to disappear. It is not that Genius is lost, or weakened, but that every right and earnest seeker may in some degree attain to genius : every old man ought to be a poet and a seer. To' all who pursue the right path, and espe- cially in moral and spiritual truth, the tedious logical investigation is gradually superseded by direct and intuitive sagacity. We know no longer indirectly by proofs, but immediately by sympathy : we do not argue, we feel ; do not believe, we seo ; examination, inquiry, doubt, decision, are passed away ; we pierce within the veil, and read the mystic characters with- out an interpreter. The reasoning faculty, says Aris- totle, is only subsidiary and preparatory for a higher ; it can of itself teach nothing. Knowledge began with intuition ; and perfect knowledge will be intuition again. " The maxims of wise and experienced men, though unsupported by proof, we should receive with as much respect as demonstration. They have an eye of the soul, and discern truth," which they can no more prove to those who have not gained their own elevation, than a seeing man teach the blind to distin- guish colours. But moht of all is the restmblance of the matured intellect to genius apparent in the sources from which tt draws knowledge. Youth will conde- scend to learn alone from the magnificent and the brilliant ; it must be awed by majesty or charmed by beauty ; from the unimpressive, trivial, and ordinary it turns away in disdain: but age shares the noblest quality of genius ; it knows nothing ordinary or trivial ; it judges not by outward grandeur or impressiveness ; it acknowledges no small things. And in natural as in spiritual, the weak things'of the world aro chosen to confound the strong ; things that are not, bring to naught things that are. The fruit of mature and earnest study is the inheritance of an unsuspected and wondrous world. As the microscopic eye of science is every day investing with dignity and im- portance minute and neglected particles of matter, so the eagle glance of philosophy detects latent beauties in the least shapely-mysteries of wisdom in the ob- scure and insignificant. "There are more things in heaven and earth" than the giddy-faced multitude can stop to observe : the treasure is at our feet ; the rich pearl is hidden within our own home garden ; the world is neither in the inaccessible heights nor the unfathomed depths ; it is within us and around us on every side. Science magnifies an atom into a sphere and makes the familiar miraculous ; wisdom gives life to the dead, speech to the dumb, virtue to the useless. Upon all God's works is written povai'r« suveroisi, There is no boast in Shakspere's account of poetic inspiration : it is the sober reality which each of us may and ought to attain. God has made all things good, and written within our hearts the key to the cypher : the very stones and brooks preach ser mons, which those who hear anticipate heaven upon earth. Who has not read, with a hushed heart, the con clusionof Wordsworth's Ode to Childhood. "To me the meanest flower that grows may bring thoughts that do often lie too deep for tears." Critics have blamed the poet's enthusiasm for nature, as if it tended to with- draw him from human sympathies ; but He who took the infants in His arms, bids us also " consider the lilies of the field." It is always so. The wise heart loves to learn from persons, no less than from things ; and, in persons as in things, its rarest lessons are gained not from the powerful and instructed, but from the ignorant and weak. Like Him who is the pattern of all wisdom, it profits most in " condescending to them of low estate." This gracious economy was ob- served by the ancients as the law of even natural society ; they saw how, in the natural order of the world, the mature and wise are brought into con- nexion less with each other than with the imperfect and the foolish ; nay, how they leve to have it so ; how they take more delight in the care and training of their inferiors than in communion with their equals; how their whole souls are wrapped up in their charge ; how they cherish for those whom they benefit a warmth of affection which is not, which they do not ask to have, returned. It is a blessed riddle, which they who read aright, knows a thing of Divine love. It was a saying of the school " teaching is the way to learn;" and most strikingly is this fulfilled in the unselfish care which the perfect bestow upon the im- perfect. Whilst they seek the good of others they find a blessing for themselves, far exceeding that which they confer. Every act of charity is requited in " good measure, pressed down and overflowing." We need not pity tne mother who watches by the bedside of the dying infant, who vainly exhausts every artifice of affection to reclaim the wayward pro- digal ; we need not mourn for the martyr, who lives misunderstood, and dies execrated by those to whom his life was devoted. It matters little what is the outward return of self- denying love. (Cheers.) Its recompence is in itself. It makes us conscious of our divine nature ; it calls into energy the noblest faculties with, which we are endowed ; it opens to us, afar off, the prospect of that infinite happiness which they enjoy who widerstand that love " which passeth know- ledge," and to whose image every one is conformed who disregards his own pleasure for those to whose welfare he ministers. Yet another gift has this con- descending charity, to which I shall invite your es ecial attention-it is the theme of all my subsequent iscourse. By communion with the young we re- new our own youth ; and so it is that all the wisdom of age is extracted from the experiences of early life. As God has knit together the old and young, he hath united youth and manhood in each individual. " The child," says Wordsworth, " is the father of the man ;" his unconscious teacher - feelings and impressions misconceived and neglected at the time, become in after years, the food of thought, the discipline of sacred wisdom. The poet is right in saying that ex- perience is the only prophecy; to look forward is to look back ; we understand nothing whilst it happens ; knowledge is discerning retrospect-we forecast what will be in proportion as we rightly read the mean- ing of what has been. The richest fruit of our inter co'irse with the young is that it awakens the scenes which slept within our memory. It holds up to us, as in a mirror, our former selves, not in the colouring of present passion or fancy, but in the ealm light of sober judgment ; and by the picture of what we were we best gather what and how we may be hereafter. There is no truth so undoubted, or so disregarded as this-that yesterday is the prophet of to- morrow ; it is witnessed by the idioms of grammar. We know that in the prophetical style of the ancient law things to come are represented as though they had been ; and in Greek, the proper expression of a general in a future truth, is the assertion of its former occurrence. All of you will remember how this retrospective contemplation is the characteristic of Jacob and of Mary, the great types of militant humanity ; and how, for their comfort and direction in distress and difficulty, the Apostles were specially promised the Spirit's aid to bring to their recollection their Saviour's sayings, which, when He uttered them, they knew not. This is the glass through which we must be content for the present to "see darkly" the shadew of eter- nity. The future is the sting of remorse, the consola- tion of virtuous sorrow : the past is the vision of the seer, the assurance of Hope. (Applause.) As with individuals, so with nations ; and as with the periods of life, so with the generations of a people and the ages of the world. History is the light and the rule of reformation. It is commonly those en- thusiastic students of great deeds of old who _ win renown to themselves by schemes of social ameliora- tion, or of national aggrandisement. So far as, wil- lingly or unwillingly, wo are cut off from communi- cation from our forefathers, we are in danger of re- lapsing into barbarism. It has happened before now, in the agony of revolutionary excitement, that men have looked upon history as an " old almanac," and have thought to mould their future destinies by their own abstract theories-the dreams of their own heated fancy. The disastrous consequences of such attempts in the best comment upon Guizot's advice to our countrymen, after the revolutions of '48,to "maintain the traditions of our ancestors." The rallying cry of Greek patriotism was "Prove yourselves worthy of your fathers." In the busiest age of Athenian de- velopment, when each year was pregnant of momen- tous change, the great historian wrote the annals of his own time, not for his contemporaries, but for the study of future and distant statesmen. Aris- totle, the boldest and most original of ancient political writers, was himself a prodigy of historical research, and betrays in every page his familiarity 1 with Thucydides. Amidst the ruins of Ancient Rome, the enthusiast Rienzi conceived and nursed the projects of her restoration. In Greek colonies, sacred fire fetched from the chief altar of the mother country was kept continually burning : that fire was the glow of noble pride in the race from which they sprung. And who does not feel that the loyal and generous sympathy lately manifested in this commu- nity towards our ancient and beloved home, has formed a hallowed flame upon the altar of our hearts, which shall kindle a worthy emulation and as a happy omen of a glorious ambition r Every generation inherits, in- creasing privilege end responsibility ; the youth of time has" bequeathed us in these later days an un- conscious treasury of wisdom. We must be wiser than our fathers, unless we wantonly lavish our inheritance. There was a¡sober truth (however unintended) in the first Napoleon's address to his army in Egypt-" twenty five centuries are looking down upon you." That in- numerable cloud of witnesses, into whose labours we have entered, is urging us on to noble and persevering efforts-and amongst the hopeful symptoms of modern improvement there is none more encouraging than the growth of a liberal spirit of historical criticism, com- bined with social philosophy, and subservient to plans of practical philanthropy. (Cheers.) I History is valuable to the State ; to the Church it is indispensable ; it is a most partial and dangerous, unhappily a most common view of Christianity, which regards it either as an entirely new and independent revelation, unconnected with any preceding manifesta- tion of the Divine will ; or at most as the complement and correction of the Jewish Dispensation alone, Far more comprehensive ÍB the title which the Bible assigns to the Gospel. It is the perfecting oftht ages (rcXtiftirrtc TOIV aiuviav) not of one dispensa- tion, but of all ; the conclusion, explanation, and consummation of all those providential dealings separately, imperfect, and obscure-by which God has successively prepared mankind lor the understand- ing and worship of His infinite glory. The New Testament sheds a gracious and holy light, not only upon the Mosaic law, but also upon the multiform varieties of heathen error. To Jew and Gentile the message is the same-" Whom ya igaorantly worship, Him I make known unto you." The elect people have never been circumscribed by kindred, locality, or time. Ever since the beginning there have been " Sons of God scattered abroad" over the face of the earth ; in every nation he that serveth God an d worked right- eousness has been and is accepted of Him, There is no place nor language in which some voice of Divine mercy has not been heard, to which some ray of sacred truth has not penetrated. And so, in every age, and every country, " prophets and kings" have desired to see one of the, days of the Son of Man, and have not seen it ; but feeling after him, amid the glimmering shadows, have struggled towards the light, and died at last without attaining the object of their most sincere desire, shrouded it may be by superstition and false opinion,-but pleasing unto Him who requires of us, not according to that which we have not, but that which we have. These dim and scattered rays, it is the Church's office to concentrate in one glorious light ; these wan- dering sheep to gather into one fold ; thesedivided and mutilated members to unite in one perfect man in Christ Jesus. And for the right understanding and adequate fulfilment of lier healing mission, she needs, above all things, an earnest and reverential estimate of the ages which have preceded ; she must mark the stream of thought and events, as it swelled onward to "the fulness of time;" she must watch how in the womb of the world's morning her members, one by one, were shaped ; and the wondrous birth prepared for the " last days." As we review our childhood and youth, to learn the growth of our character, and to gain direc- tion for its perfection or amendment, so must she, in the past, learn to value and use her spiritual treasures, and to know the secret both of her weakness and her strength. It is true that the way of Christ is plain and simple-unlike the perplexity of human doctrine ; it is simple as nil is simple which comes from God, and retains the HknesB of its unchanged Giver ; but to man's heart and mind simplicity is the end, not the beginning-the goal to which, with much labour, he presses on-the croton which can be won only through peril and toil. Because the Gospel is plain, it ia the harder for man to receive ; the more the danger of corruption and perversion : it is simple, not single, -the harmony of many truths, not the assertion of any one. Alas, dear friends, two thousand years ! and how far are we yet from the comprehension of this sacred harmony! How far is any section of the Church from attaining the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ ! And therefore how powerless in our hands is the sword of the Spirit ! Through our divisions Satan yet maintains his kingdom. We have not delivered the people at all ; neither have the in- habitants of the earth fallen ! The world still lies in wickedness, and cries to us vainly for help against the oppressor. . And why ? Because we have mis» taken the simple for the easy ! We have forgotten that we inherit the whole earth ; we consider not that perfect wisdom springs out of the imperfect, which it corrects and enlarges. The very records of our faith are historical ; and in isolating Christian doctrine we must cease in great measure to understand ita signifi- cance. It is the key to a mystery which we have not felt-the solution of an enigma which has not per- plexed us : we do not compare' our fulness with the in- sufficiency of our fathers. We have not heard the groans of the "prisoners of hope," nor known their misery in the want of those gifts which we ignorantly neglect ; and so, instead of uniting, we have scattered abroad-we have built up again the wall of partitio» -we have folded up the talent which was given to profit withal-we are locking up the waters which we are bidden to pour forth upon the dry places of the earth. (Loud cheers.) Upon this principle mainly I shall found the an- swer to the question which I have proposed for our 1 consideration. It may be new to some of my hearers : . I w.U take leave, therefore, to repeat and enforce it hy one further illustration. I say, then, that Words- worth's description of the life of man holds good equally of the ages of the world. In all, " our days should be link'd each, to each by natural piety." Christianity is the manhood of God's church-the per« i feet and ultimate development of the spiritual man on earth: Heathenism and Judaism were its childhood and youth. The law of Moses came from God ; yet was it not a law whereby a man could attain divine life, its statutes were not good - given for the hard- ness of their hearts until the time of deliverance ; and »1 though r the ancient superstitions were full of error and sin, yet did they contain the germ of a Divine seed, and were jastinct with a spiritual power whereby our Heavenly Father doubtless sanctified many an humble worshipper to life eternal. And as the follies and graces of childhood are equally les- sons to the mature man ; so both in the errors and in the truths of heathen worship the Christian may find in- struction in righteousness. Nay, I will be bold to say that even that sacred name wherein we adore the threefold perfections of our Heavenly King might be- come to us more a word of power than it is if we viewed it in connection with the times before its manifesta- tion. We trace the mystery of the Trinity in the prophetic shadows of the Law : not less certainly may ! it be traced in the unconscious aspirations of hu- { manity, symbolized by the ancient religions. We know that Christ was " the desired of all nations" even those who had never heard His namo felt in their | moral and spiritual wants the earneBt of His coming : even so have men, by inarticulate yearnings, preached beforehand the Father and the Holy Ghost ; and here the distinctive glory of Christianity is not impaired but magnified, for they shadowed the truth uncertainly < and obscurely. In separate disconnected portions J the Gospel not only brings to light the sacred doctrine, I but weaves together its disjointed portions into that three-fold cord which shall never be broken. The , Eastern peoples, apathetic but contemplative, knew God as the Father, in His mysterious and inscrutable majesty, as making known His will through direct revelation, and worshipped by poetic imagination : the intellectual and lively Greeks foresaw the laws and forms of the material nature in the principles of reason and science, in the ideal type of human stature, the Son, the wisdom and word of the Father, the " ex- press image" of the Godhead, and archetype of crea- tion ; and lastly, the earnest and practical Romans showed forth the sanctifying presence of the Spirit on earth, by their reverence for order and righteous- ness, and by the religious sanctions with which they guarded every social and domestic relation. Thus, to the thoughtful student do heathen creeds witness that which they knew not ; and not less by their errors, for because they separated that which God has joined they fell into various pervertions—the types of al false religions,—the Easterns into abstract and meta- physical mysticism of the refined, or gross felicitism of the vulgar ; the Greeks into irreverent and unlov- ing rationalism ; the Romans into a slavish supersti- tion, or hypocritical formalism. Would time permit, I might endeavour to point out how the wisdom of God prepared men's mind for the reception of this mystery by planting His Church in an eastern land, under the influence of Grecian literature and Roman civilization, and how, as well in the Gnostic and Arian controversies, and in the corruptions of the western priesthood—as in subsequent periods of the Church's history the counterfeits of the Holy One, mysticism, intellectual pride, and formalism, have in turns striven to untie again the triple band of faithful love. Mys- ticism, as a danger, has passed away, for the East has forsaken her allegiance to the Lord ; dogmatic into- lerance is, we trust, fast passing ; and then we may dare to hope that the fruit of the Spirit will begin to appear amongst us, and His gracious energy be effec- tual in purifying our passions, wills, and thoughts, until the eyes of our minds being enlightened we hold fast the faith of Jesus in truth and love, and be filled with all the fulness of God. Thus alone may we hope that the divided and antagonistic members of Christ will again be put together in one mind and one judgment. It is a law witnessed by the whole tenour of the sacred writings, and by the course of ecclesiastical history, that both in the indi- vidual and the Society the revelation of the Divine perfections is progressive : through the spirit we learn the Son ; and through tho Son we are prepared to know the invisible Father. So far as we attempt to reverse this order, we fall from our Christian stead- fastness and simplicity ; because the Church has so often gone aside for it, she is torn by seditions and heresies. Oh, that we were all convinced, and would act upon our conviction even at this eleventh hour, that we shall find our best hope of final agreement lies not in angry disputations, or metaphy- sical subtleties ; but in the exhibition of the spiritual life, "by provoking to love and to good works," -by an enlarged and comprehensive toleration and sympathy, making the most of our existing elements of concord, and seeking to win others to a more intimate union, not by denunciations of error or jealous exclusiveness, but by the attractive virtue of a kindly temper, and the felt consequences of the prin- ciples which we profess. (Continued cheering.) It is as ministering to a consummation so much to be desired that Christian Associations have their value and significance. They are the spontaneous growth of conjunctures like the present-the specific remedy for our peculiar disease. The Church and State, powers essentially accordant, are accidentally and most un- happily estranged. They are waging an obstinate and ruinous war, because each mistakes both itself and its antagonists. Natural allies in the cause of civiliza- tion, of individual and social progress-whilst they dis- pute humanity stands still, or advances with uneven and faltering steps. They have need to understand each other ; they require an interpreter to explain, and by explaining heal their unreal and intestine dissen- sion : to reconcile, apparently but not truly, conflicting principles, to restore them to their proper and auspicious fellowship in the war of extermination against iniquity and wrong. Such an office of mediation, Associations like our own are exactly adapted to fulfil. They sym- pathise with the .distinctive principle of each party, whilst they protest against the extravagance to which either alone is liable. The duty of the Church is to enforce the religiousness of human society ; of the State to protect the liberty of conscience. The one is in danger of dogmatic intolerance, the other of Latitudinarian indifference. Against both of these dangers Christian Associations may become our security. They unite the claims of comprehen- sive charity and earnest faith. Above all, whilst they teach us how to employ the advantages which we enjoy, they acknowledge theimperfectness of our actual condi- tion ; they point out the method by which we should be guided in our attempt to secure a higher and a happier state. (Cheers.) Our fundamental position is, that every bond of union amongst men is based upon morality, and that morality ultimately leads to religion. Without a sanc- tion of duty and conscience, no society can be main- tained. Political union, cemented by no better motive than fear or selfishness, is not more degrading than unsafe. Every sacred truth which we hold in common is an addition to our means of improvement and prosperity ; every loss of a common belief is an impairing of our social happiness and dignity. It is the duty of every citizen to multiply, to the best of his power, the points of agreement with his brethren ; to conform his public conduct to the highest sanctions recognised by the community, and to aim continually at a higher standard. Should differences arise, and our moral 'union be so far weakened, it is the test of a loyal citizen not to suffer the estrangement to go farther than is absolutely necessary. He must forego reluctantly every tie ; and cling the more closely to those which remain, ever seeking, in every relation, the highest ground of intercourse ; not dwelling upon differences, but making the most of .consent-ever bearing on his heart, and displaying in deed his long - ing for the restoration of perfect sympathy and una- nimity. (Loud cheers.) 1\. The religiousness of social union was universally acknowledged in ancient times. Statesmen and philoso- phers equally believed that the ideal State and Church are one. Political society they held to be an institution of nature-a fundamental element in the designs of the Creator, for the moral perfection of mankind. He himself initiated society in the family ; and although the development of the wider community, as the for- mation of language, was left to our own reason and discretion, yet, like the laws of universal grammar, the principles of family union should be, as far as the case allowed, the code of all more extended societies. Hence arose the characteristic feature of ancient po- litics. They were haunted, as it were, by the Bhadow of patriarchal discipline, which they cherished as a symbol of the spirit and foundation of social harmony. In early times the nation was regarded as a number of families, clans, and tribes a hierachy of corporations, mutually suboidinate and implying an intenser and a more constant union, in proportion as the sphere of membership was limited. The smallest of these societies were carefully assimilated to the image of a national relationship. The clansmen were called by the same surname, and addressed each other by the endearing appellations of kinsmen and brothers-above all, and pervading all, waa the sanc- tion of religious brotherhood. Each separate clan had its own patron deity (npiag epwvimog), or deified hero ; and the worship of their patron pervaded all their social life. It was the same with the larger corporations, with the state itself ; wherever, for whatever purpose, citizens assembled-for business, or recreation ; in do- mestic, social, or political relations, the blessing of their divine protector was invoked to guide their ' counsels, to prosper their undertakings, to be present at their entertainments. The same- principle con- ' jtinuedto operate in the intercourse of neighbouring' and allied peoples. In those periodical congresses by which the Hellenic or Italian nations mitigated the horrors of war, and maintained a faint semblance of community, the most conspicuous and important fea- ture was the adoration of the Olympian or the Latin Jove, the father and guardian of the associate tribe* : their very gymnastic contests, and theatrical exhibi- tions, were dedicated to the service of the god, and celebrated in his honour; and hence, amidst the wildest tumult of sedition or revolution, religious awe maintained its sway ; and influence unimpaired. In the palmiest days of Athe- nian democracy, the bare suspicion of indifference or hostility to the established faith was sufficient to counterbalance all claims upon popular gratitude and favour, consigned to banishment the idol of the mul- titude, and doomed to odium, infamy, and death the wisest and holiest of reformers. 2\. Nor are indications wanting that the Divine Founder of the Christian Church intended to perfect this design-to realise in His commonwealth of Saints that which the heathen systems impotently pre- figured. Divorced from moral truth, and devoid of purifying influences, they had no virtue to subdue the world. But the Gospel leaven was meant to ferment through the whole lump : to pervade and hallow every private and public relation and circumstance. The worshippers of Christ should never have acknow- ledged other divisions than those of national and po- litical communities : the Church came to complete the theory of Heathendom. It was to unite, not kindred I peoples, but all mankind ; not in an occasional and outward' service, but in a constant and penetrating fellowship. Men were no longer the children of Jupiter and Apollo ; but of Him from whom, says the Apostlo with an evident allusion, "every clan (the I word indicates the political division of the Athenians) [in earth and heaven is named:" not indeed by the carnal sword, but by the persuasive attrac- tion of truth, the kingdom even of this world was to be restored to the Israel of God. St. Paul, rebuking the Corinthian converts for carrying their disputes before heathen tribunals, adds " Know ye not that the saints shall judge the world:" he looked forward to that period, which our follies and passions have so long delayed, but by anticipation of which men's hearts are now so strangely stirred ; when the spirit of the Gospel should condemn as.d drive out the spirit of pride and lust, even from his earthly throne ; when Christian motives should be recognised as the ground ot . I duties, Christian law the rule of all societies, and the kingdoms of the world should openly acknowledge the sovereignty of the Lord's Anointed. (Applanse.) 3 The Church has always acknowledged her mission, and striven, although often mistakenly, to fulfil it. It is symbolised, but alas ! little more than symbolised, in the political organisation of Christian Europa. The Cross is the proudest blazon of heraldry : the law of God is the professed standard of righteous- ness : the sovereigns of the earth proolaim in their titles their submission to the faith : and in old times religion entered visibly into every occasion, place, and occupation. Not only the more conspicuous and directly moral relations were recognised as holy ; not only kings and magistrates were invested with sacred functions ; the most secular pursuits were included in the hierarchy-the guilds of artificers and crafts- men were religious corporations ; the exercise of their trade associated with rites of worship, the teach- ing of their mysteries connected with sacred doctrine. In our own fatherland vestiges of the same system yet linger, slowly yielding to the innovations of timo. Many of us can look back to a period when tho out- ward form of the system still remained in its integrity, a beautiful theory, but a practical mockery ; a body from which the spirit had fled ; ghostly emblem of a truth of which our forefathers forfeited the enjoyment, which our children we trust, are destined to recover. Beautiful, indeed, is the system-could it only become a reality-which identifies the citizens of the civil and spiritual commonwealth ; in which religious and secular relations are inextricably interwoven ; in which the evidence of a man's political rights was his baptismal register ; his initiation into the magisterial office, the partaking in the moat solemn rite of religion ; in which the rural police were the ministers of Christ, who taught the children, not by prison discipline, but by the Gospel law, to "fear God, honour the King, and do good unto all men. " You will not suspect me of a wish to restore that state of things in England ; and you, I believe, sympathise with me longing for the restoration of the reality, of which that state was at once the emblem and the hindrance. To demand as a condition of citizenship the profession of a creed, was no longer right towards men, nor reverent towards God. It is the fault of the defenders of the Truth when error gets the upper hand. Man is naturally social ; naturally a lover of truth : and if truth were preached in a sober and charitable spirit, it would inevitably destroy every form of false doctrine. Through the per. verse folly of former times, our religious dis- sensions have arisen, and become inveterate, embit- tered by centuries of mutual persecution, confirmed and deepened by separation and estrangement. We have inherited the penalty, we shall not remove it by persisting in the course which brought it upon our heads We may and must grieve at the violent rending of the seamlesB coat : we may and must desire to see it rescued from the spoilers, and restored in its pristine beauty. But we cannot do this all at once ; nor shall ever do it whilst we admit a lurking thought that all the right is on our side ; that ws are not so much in fault as others. It matters little in this ques- tion, ou which side the balance of truth may abstract- edly lie, which church is least removed from the model of Evangelical purity. I believe that Dr. John- son was right in the main, when he denied that there were any fundamental differences amongst Christians ; they aro at all events grievously exaggerated, and from no cause more than this, that we isolate ourselves from the communion of those who dissent from our religious opinions ; and judge them by an ideal standard, de- rived from our own logical estimate of their doetrine, not from our practical experience of its fruits in their life and conversation. But this is not the point at issue, it is not for us to decide who is most orthodox, nor even who most offended in the original separation ; it is enough that this fault is neither in us nor our neighbours. We are born into an age of schism : our holiest instincts and dearest associations prejudice us each in favour of his own community. Neither can demand of the other the surrender of his principles and habits of judgment, nor be surprised that the evident ' and natural to him, should be strange and uncouth to a mind differently constituted and trained. What then? Shall I lose my brother because even on important matters our judgments disagree ? Yes : I must lose the benefit of his conversation to the extent ofthat difference. I am cut off from many bonds of friendship and sympathy ; but I am not cut off from all, and it is my duty, to him and to myself, not by perverseness to forfeit those which I may still retain. This is the principle of genuine tolerance, and practical liberality. We need not underrate our abstract differences : we must only abstain from judging those whom we deem in error. Above all, we must not refuse anything because we cannot have everything ; neither must we willingly surrender any. We must take pains to ascertain how much we hold in common ; and diligently use every opportunity of intercourse which that may afford us. And these are many, and most valuable, to those who are parted by the widest divergence. All may co- operate in the fulfilment of social and political duties ; all may fight under the same banners against intem- perance, impurity, injustice, and fraud ; all may strive together to promote the material prosperity, the moral advancement of the people amongst whom we live, (Loud cheers.) It is here that we come to the special office of the Christian Association-its office of mediator between the Church and the State. It completes the hierarchy of human society, in its moral and spiritual aspect. It brings into view the real connexion between the secular and the sacred, the holy and the pious : it teaches that they are not independent-far less contrasted : that our widest and mest distant relations are, and must be hallowed by a religious sanction, and directed by a religious prin- ciple ; and that conversely they are not in themselves sufficient for our moral edification. Thus frequently in society the sacred and the profane are blended into one prismatic line. Men of various, and in some respects conflicting creeds, unable (at least yet) fo foster together our inmost spiritual life ; worshipping at strange altars ; having no practical symbol of our common faith and hope-we yet combine upon the ground of our common Christianity, to promote in ourselves and others the influence of holiness and charity. The church is the family, which nurtures our sweetest sympathies and holiest affectoins ; but they overflow, as family affection does, beyond the immediate limit of their sphere ; as the family was the model upon which the ancients formed the clan, tribe, and nation; each more distant union losing some tie of virtue and endearment possessed by the more intimate ; io we refuse to combine our charities to those whose claim we acknowledge is nearest: we fear to perish, like the fabled Narcissus, of self vanity and self-contemplation. We enlarge our hearts, and seek for edification in the cultivating of the less ' perfect sympathies ; embracing in the arma of bro | therly kindness, all to whom we are bound by a single I obligation, or owe a single duty. Thus do we vindi * cate to the church the religiousness of the state, and to the state, the holiness of the church : we teach the churchman, that he has sacred , duties to men of different creeds; which he cannot neglect or refuse, without choking the fountain ' of humanity in his own breast; we teach the citizen that justice and truth are derived from no human source, and can be propagated upon no mere human authority. UnlesB the motive of earthly virtue ia rooted in a better than earthly ground, it cannot long resist the shocks, selfish passion, or sordid interest. The Churchman shall heur the voice of God in civil institutions, acknowledge the family of God in civil brotherhood, the citizen shall glorily the divine source of earthly virtue, and seek for an interest in that fellow- ship from which all others derive their power of edi- fication. (Cheers.) This is obvious and trite to us : it is far from te:ng universally received, still further from becoming tho rule of our public intercourse, when acouniry imposes no outward creed upon its members, it is very difficult to remember that the virtue and security of that mem- bership is no less truly based on relijion. It is denied by the Church, and tliis denial ia, as we have seen, the explanation of the Church's comparative failure ; the seed of dissension and schisms within her own bosom. That perversion of the mystery of salva- tion which limited to intellectual orthodoxy the pro- mise of divine help, and the operation of the spirit, still lives and is mighty among ourselves. The pale of our own Church is too often to us the pale of salva- tion, still more often the exclusive channel of grace and virtue: it is our serious belief that our own narrow society comprises the whole body of the visibly elect, the sole heirs by right of the covenant of redemp- tion, as the " Jews were exclusively " the children of Abraham." It is but an extension of the same unhappy prejudice, another expression of the same poverty-stricken theology which censures an evangelical union amongst Christians of various de- nominations, and condemns as godless every attempt to combine men of discordant creeds in the promotion of common principles of knowledge and goodness. This view ia too often accepted by liberal politicians, who surrender the religious and even moral sanctions of civil polity; and BO, on the one hand, call in question the value of the Church as the regenerator of humanity, and, on the other, endanger the foundation of peace and order. For it is obvious that there ca» be no security in a community which has no witness ia \ the moral instincts, no hold upon the conscience of its members. Theie can be but three motives of conduct, fear, interest, or duty ; and obedience to the laws, from the first, or second of these motives, is a hidden, mine of fraudulent self- aggrandizement, or a sleeping volcano of revenge and oppression. And if the sense of duty is the only stable element of order, duty ia founded upon conscience, and conscience has no mean- ing unless it be the recognition of an authority above and beyond the will or thought of man-the convic- tion that " God is, and that he is the rewarder of all such as diligently seek him." Our ordinary speech béai s unconscious testimony to this truth ; the words " holy" in English ; oaiog, ilyiog, in Greek ;. sanctus, Justus, SJC,, in Latin ; properly denoting, human sensibilities and affections, and the right per- formance of our duty towards men,-sometimes even the ptofano as opposed to the sacred, all imply the re- ference to a divine presence and authority .in our ordi- nary and daily dealings with one another." (Cheers.) If civil government, then, is moral, it is religious ; and that it is moral who can doubt ? If we take the lowest estimate of the state's function-if we limit it, as some have done, to the conservation of life and pro- perty-even this task we shall find to be impossible without the consent of the will, the submission of the conscience of the citizens. Should we further grant what is the very opposite of truth-that penal coercion is the primary and adequate exercise of sovereign power,-that the magistrate's only office is tobe "« terror to offendcis,"-coercion itself is inoperative without the concurrence of the coerced in the justice of the penalty. If he submits, only because he can- not resist, he will be always lying in wait for the op- portunity of deliverance. " Without sin," says the philosophic apostle, "there is no law;" and there can be no sin without belief in a standard of duty. A man cannot repent and reform unless he knows that he has done wrong ; he cannot know his offence, unless he understands the reason and law of obedience. Even thus, therefore, we are brought back to the nobler theory of government bequeathed to us by the Greeks : punishment is neither the adequate nor pri- mary function of the magistrate ; it is a confession of weakness ; a humiliation equally to the prisoner and judge. The natural and gracious task of the governor is to teach "obedience for con- science Bake," to explain the principles of truth, and justice, and to supply encouragement and motives, d r «tion to the pursuit, and love of duty. Day by ' day we are being forced by experience and reflection to acquiesce in Aristotle's maxim, that the Common- wealth is the school, the magistrate a schoolmaster» education his highest and original attribute-educa- tion-not only of the.intellect but the will-of the mind, but the heart-an education which shall enable the pupil to do of his own choice, as the conclusion of his own reason, that which the law commands, which shall supply him with a principle of self-con- trol and guidance, of righteousness and benevolence towards his fellow-men. (Applause.) The subject itself tempts me to state briefly the reasons which induce me, as a member of this Asso eittion, to prefer the National to the Denominational scheme of primary education. Both are based upon the primary principle, that the education which we owe to the rismç generation of our countrymen is moral, and, - as moral, ultimately religious. But the denomina tionalist believes that all religious teaching must bo formally evolved *rd$ tuo dogmas of a particular creed ; it is through the catechism alone that he attempts to dis- cipline the moral faculties of the children under his. care ; and, therefore, he is compelled either to violate or tamper with the conscience of pupils belonging to> other communions, or to confine his instruction to - their minds and reason-in defiance of his own most true principle, or lastly by refusing admission, except to his co-religonists-to keep apart those who are. brethren, and perpetuate that estrangement and ex clusiveness against which this Association protests as the chief and fatal impediment to the graces and operation of that Spirit who alone can lead us from sedition and error into harmony and truth. The National system of education continue*, and com- pletes the work of the Christian Association. As we, without disloyalty to our particular churches, claim the benefit of mutual edification in our common Christianity, the National school instructs its pupils in the principles and maxims common to all creeds but whilst they remain separate, adequately taught by I none-the law of purity, justice, toleration, and cha- rity. Day by day she repeats, in her general lessons, the inculcation of love towards God, honour, humility, faith, and goodwill towards all men. She feels that God has joined us together ; that to behave strangely to our brethren ; to be reluctant, careless, or nig- gardly in our intercourse with them, is to frustrate the ? counsels of Almighty love, and disappoint the scheme , of redemption, to perpetuate jealousy, suspicion, and censoriousness ; to harden the garden of the Church against that rooting and grounding in love, whioh ' can cause the holy seed to spring up to a tree, and spread its goodly branches towards the heaven. * Neither dj we forget the second truth proclaimed by Denominationalism, that the common principles of religion are in themselves insufficient for the supply of our moral and spiritual wants. If they remain alone, the seed will soon die away for lack of moisture. To neglect the common bond of truth is to violate the first law of charity ; to be "satisfied with that which is common is to starve our own souls. The State is qualified ta instruct the lowest forms only in Christ's]school. The motives to purity and piety which the "Church sup- . plies are more constraining ; her rules of conduct more definite and particular, her help more detailed, her fellowship more intimate and endearing-than those which we can attain without her aid. Further, if the greater light were withdrawn, the lesser would quickly be obscured.,. The State, the Christian Association, and the Church are the threefold stages of Perfection ; they cannot be separated from one another ; neither is one ¡nore essential than the rest. But our peculiar mission, in this gene- ration and community, is to preach that portion of the truth which has been most neglected-the call to prac- tical union in our less intimate relations. The divi- sions in the Church are proof sufficient that she hat not been faithful to her sacred deposit ; her pure gold, in every part, is debased by dross. There is probably no Christian society now existing, which even in its abstract principles, St. Paul or St. John would not view with indignation and sorrow. And we must net be content with this : we know what hath hindered in past time-as the faults of childhood are the beacons of manhood. Let us pray, and strive at once, in humility and hope, for that day, When the Spirit thus rightly sought shall heal our divisions, and guide us into ail truth-when perfect love shall combine with perfect knowledge - when mercy and truth shall meet together ; righteousness and peace shall " kiss each other." A vote of thanks was awarded by acclamation to the talented lecturer ; and the meeting, which was com menc»d with prayer, was closed by singing the Doxology. 