TI-IE REVIEWS. The Quarterly appeared first in 1809. Gif ford, the editor, presented one of the many examples found in the History bf English Litera ture of great men rising from the lowest ranks of society to its highest offices. He was once a poor, unheeded cabin boy ; after that, a cobbler, and after that, he rose to be perhaps the ablest and the most influential writer in London. Highly gifted in other respects, his stores of learning were immense. Ilis special talent, however, lay in his satiric powers.. His first published work was satirical, the Baviad, a satire .on a crowd of sentimental poets of his time somewhat in the stylo of the Duuciad of Pope. Other writings, chiefly translations from Latin and critical editions of okl authors, he published at intervals, but was most in notoriety from his being the editor of the Anti- Jacobin, a. newspaper started by Canning and the Govern ment'' to oppose the political agitations of the times. hiJIis reputation at the time of his appoint ment to the Quarterly will appear from Byron's address' td him in 'the English Bards and Scotch Reviewers.'— Why slumbers Gifford? onco was asked in vain, Why. slumbers Gilford? let us ask again, Aro there no follios for his pen to purge, Are thero no - fools whoso backs demand tho , scourge? Arouse thee, Gifford ! bo thy promise claimed, Make bad men better, or at least ashamed! ' Around the Quarterly Review rallied a large number of the writers of the time. Scott wrote three articles in the first number, and continued au enthusiastic friend and frequent contributor all his life. It was there that he wrote the famous review of his own Waverley Novels, which' served at the. same time the double purpose of insuring, a iiot too severe critique and furnished a strong argument in support of his long continued denial of the authorship. Sou they wrote much and often to the Quarlerly . Some of his first articles were in reply to$the outrageously severe and unjust attacks of Sydney Smith, iu the Edin burgh, on Indian Missions and the progress of Methodism. Southey was a good reviewer, and a methodical one. As lie himself tells us in his correspondence, his plan was that of giving ' a succinct account of the contents of the book before him, extracting its essence, bringing his knowledge to bear on the subject, and, when occasion served, seasoning it' with the opinions which he knew so well how to hold with firmness aud express with elegance. As to his methodical habits,- the following sketch, written by himself to a friend, is perfectly characteristic. ' Let not Gifford suppose me a troublesome man to deal with, pertinacious about trifles, or standing upon puuctilios of authorship. No, I am a quiet, patient, easy going hack of tho mule breed ; regular as clock-work on my pace; sure-footed, bearing the burden which is laid on me, aud only ob stinate iu choosing my own path. . If Gifford could see me by this lire-side, where, like Nico demus, one candle suffices me in a large room, lie would see a man in a coat still more thread bare than his own when he wrote his ' Imita tion/ working hard aud getting little — a bare maintenance, and hardly that; writing poems and history for posterity with his whole heart andlsoul: one daily progressingin learning: not so learned as he is poor: not so poor as he is proud: not so proud as happy. There is not a lighter-hearted man, nor a happier man upon the face of this wide world.' Such was Southey. He, too, continued through life the frequent and prolific contributor, and for two years the editor of the Quarterly. Besides these were Canning-, Frere, Ellis, Heber, Sharon Turner, Joanna Baillie, Lockhart, Sir Humphrey Davy, Rev. Elmsley, Landor, Cap tain Basil Hall, Sir John Barrow, The Right Hon. John Wilson Croker, Sir Francis Head, Dean Miluian, Mr. Justice Coleridge. Several of these are still living and still contribute to the Review. The success ofjthe Quarterly at its commence ment was marked. It assumed pretty much the same tone of severity and superiority which had succeeded so well with the Edinburgh. This it had from the character of its first editor, a character which Scott, writing to a friend, described as warm and pepperish. And even to the present day, it is not wholly free from severity aud bitterness. Those who have read the article, about six or twelve months ago, on the Memoirs of Moore, written by Wilson Croker, and which gave rise to the correspondence between him and Lord John Russell, will find that whatever other ingre dient may be wanting in the Quarterly of to-. day,^ an occasional specimenjof the bitterest writing is certainjy not. Gifford con tinued at the head of the Review until his death, in 1827. The salary given him at com mencement was £200. It gradually rose to £900. After a short interregnum of about two years, during which, as already mentioned, Southey had the management, it came into the hands of Lockhart, the son-in-law and biogra pher of Scott. He only resigned his charge of it, from failing health, I believe, two years ago. Its cueer throughout has been a triumphant one, though . perhaps ge nerally surpassed in brilliance by its contemporary, the Edinburgh. The character of its articles now must be familar enough. Its political articles, it is believed, are still chiefly written by Croker, and are marked by his peculiar bitterness and acrimony. His article on the recent' Disraeli Budget may be taken as an instance. Its scientific articles are of a superior order. As an example, take the admirable one a few months ago on Table turning, Electro-biology, &c.;, supposed to have been by Dr. Carpenter. Fino genial articles of pure literary criticism, though appearing seldom, are not wholly wanting. It may be added that now the ' Quarterly' and the ' Edinburgh' rank much more nearly on tho same level than when in their prime. Whether it be that the ' Quarterly' has risen to the level of the other, or the ' Edinburgh' sub sided to a lower standing, need not be here de cided. Perhaps it will not be out of place to quote an extract from a letter of Jeffrey's, de scriptive of his generous feelings ou the appear ance of his great opponent. ' Do not let yourself imagine,' he says to a friend, ' that I feel any unworthy jealousy, and still less any unworthy fear, on the occasion. My natural indolence would have been better pleased not to be always in sight of an alert aud keen an tagonist. But I rejoice at the prospect of this kind of literature, and shall be proud to have set the example of it.' The next of the quarterly organs claiming notice, is the Westmiuster Review. It was first started in 1824. The party who commenced it were ultra liberal in their politics. They were of a school then very unfashionable and un popular, except among tho lower classes — the radicals. Tliej' were the supporters, too, of the peculiar- and now very prevalent utilitarian sys tem of Political Economy. Jeremy Bentham was their leader : to his doctrines they bowed, and under his banner, with ' the greatest good to the greatest number'' as the motto on it, they struggled courageously to inform and influence the public mind. The leading writers in it at its commencement were Mr. Mill, the historian of British India; his son, the author of the celebrated work on Logic ; Jeremy Bentham himself, and Dr. Southwood Smith. For some time its success was dubious. After a few years its circulation was only getting loss, until about 1829 special efforts were made for increasing its influence and widening the range of its circu lation. Bentham himself embarked large sums of money upon it, and the result was that partly in consequence of 'that, partly in consequence of the. agitation then rending the country on tho Be-' form and Catholic Emancipation movement, it comihenccd a wholly new career. Besides its original contributors were now tho caustic, clever Roebuck, recently author of History of the Whig Ministry ; 'Colonel Thompson, the able advocate of Free Trade aud Political Reform ; and Dr. Bowring, now. Sir John Bowring, Minister Plenipotentiary in China. The latter two were joint oditors. The ex citeinentiii behalf of Reform had at last, however, gone down. The circulation of the ' Westminster' -was rapidly diminishing with it, when in 1S34 it was united with another, the ' London Review,' the title of tho com bined organ being now the ' London and Westminster.' The ' London' had a year before been started by Sir William Moles worth, by advancing a sura of £3000 to es tablish it. The. conjoined periodical continued for , some time with considerable success ; ad vocating, as the connection o/ Sir William with it would at once indicate, independent I and liberal political vicwrs of the radical hue. About the same time was started the 'Foreign ?Quarterly Review.' In opposition to it, again, the ' Foreign Review.' Of these the most noted contributors were Carlyle and Southey. Some of Carlyle's most characteristic papers on (J-erman . literature appeared there. The changes undergone by these since then are so various it would be tedious -to follow them. Suffice it to mention, that none of them at any time nearly equalled either the Edinburgh or Quarterly in popularity or extent of circulation. The only one of them now that continues in efficiency as , an admitted leading .organ in the periodical literature of the day, is the ' West minster.' It has passed through its latest change about two years ago. Its publisher is now John Chapman, of London, who, I believe, is partly. its editor too. It is tlie acknowledged organ of a new and peculiar party of ultra liberal Englishmen. I mean not liberalism in politics but in theology. I allude to the school of Pro- fessor Francis W .Newman, author of the 'Phases of Faith' in England, and Theodore Parker, and Emerson, in America. It is what in the recent theological controversies would be called the English: School of Rationalists- or Spiritualists. The peculiar theological views of the party are more or less brought prominently out in every number of the Review. It would be wrong to consider it, however, as a theological review. Its political and literary articles are of a most superior style. Perhaps for nothing is it more remarkable than the admirably elaborate digest it gives in each number, of the quarterly literature, both English and Foreign, in every department of Science, Philosophy, Theology, aud Belles Letters. It has been said that it has , adopted the plan of publishing in its pages any article furnished, to it from whatever party, provided that it displays ability of treatment aud brilliance of style. And accordingly in it will be found sometimes articles ol very diverse shades of opi nion, but almost iuvariably characterised by an originality aud a freshness, if iiot fair thorough ness of discussion quite peculiar to itself. The recent article on John Knox, said to have been by Mr. Froude, the author of the ' Nemesis of Faith,' may serve as an example. The ' Dublin Review' was established, I be lieve, in 1836. It was first intended to be a literary and political as well as a theological organ, and was edited by Daniel O'Connell and Dr. Wiseman. Gradually the theological ele ment in it came to be the predominant one, and now it may be almost exclusively considered as a polemical organ fighting the battles of the Roman Catholic Faith. Who its editors may now be I cannot say ; I believe Cardinal Wise man, however, is still a contributor. During the great agitation in England, on the recent Papal aggression affair, the ' Dublin Review' entered in the fight with right Irish good will. It attacked the Times and ' Punch,' the chief agitation organs, with the utmost fury, and few who have seen it will forget the [exquisite cartoon in ' Punch,' in which the Cardinal was represented entrenched invisibly 1 behind a huge volume of the ' Dublin,' hurl TfJliSwirtS /gainst.Mr. Punch and his dog Toby, both of whom walk in front with an pTerrtUrbable ah' °f C°nSd0US integ% Two other Quarterlies of later growth remain to be noticed. Those are the ' North ? British, ' and the ' British Quarterly.' The former was commenced in Edinburgh, in 184S Though the 'Edinburgh' liad been originally thoroughly Scottish in its character, it latterlv lost almost all traces but the name of its Caledonian origin. The Scotch of 1845 felt this and they determined to start a thoroughly Scottish organ. Other motives they had for this step besides. Tho Free Church move ment had just then given a strong impulse to the efforts for ecclesiastical freedom from thP trammels of state control. The North British was to advocate those principles It was commenced under the auspices of Dr Chalmers, and under the editorship of Dr' Welsh, the Professor of Church History' Besides these, as contributors were . secured Sir David Brewster, Dr. Hauna, Hugh Miller Professor McDougall, now successor to Pro' fessor Wilson, Professor Fraser, Mr Adv Hamilton, and a number of other Scotchmen' Amongst its English: contributors were- and are conspicuous Gregg and Isaac Taylor The- - ' Review,' after the death of Professor Welsh passed successively into the hands ofDr Hanna' Adv. Hamilton, Sir David Brewster, and Prof 1- raser. Some of the articles that have appeared at different times in the North British are of a very superior kind. Dr. Chalmers wrote I believe, his last articlo in it on Political Econ omy, and a former one on German Philosophy. The series of articles two years ago on the Condition of France, papers of great eloquence and power, were by Mr. Eathbone Gregg : The maguificcnt article more than a year ago on the memoirs of Dr. Chalmers, was by Isaac Taylor. And the innumerable articles on scientific subjects are from the accomplished pen of Sir David Brewster. The 'British Quarterly' was started at the same time as the 'North British.' It is the quarterly orgau of the Dissenters of England. It is conducted sua, ana i believe has been from \ the commencement, by Professor Vaughah, of \ Manchester College. His coadjutors in its management I do not know. The character of the Review ranks very high. Some of its purely literary articles arc unsurpassed by those of any other organ. The article on Goethe and Shakspeare, in a number a year and a half ago, was exquisitely beautiful. The delicate discrimination of character, nnd the warm appreciation of the characteristic excel lencies of the two great woald poets, was ad mirable. In its philosophical and theological departments, occasional articles of great clear- j. ncss of thought, and energy and point of ex pression are produced, apparently bearing the marks of the editor's vigorous and graceful pen. Two sucli may be instanced— a recent article on Coleridge as a theologian, and tlie still more recont one on the new anti-Christian Philosophy of Auguste Comte. — Mr. NclUs I Lecture. . A Hoyai. Ghost. Sipny.' — The Mayenee Journal contains the following letter, dated Ascliaffen berg, 27tli October, under the head of, the ' Black Lady,' a pendant to the legendary . ' White Lady ' of the Berlin Palace,' whose ap parition is believed to announce the approach- : ing deatli- of somb member of the HohenzoUern ;' family ; — ' The Queen Theresa of Bavaria died of cholcra at Munich on tlio 20th, as already known. I hasten to communicate to your readers the following highly interesting and aflbctiiig details, of which I oan guarantee the exact voracity On the Otli of October, be tween eight and nine o'clock in the evening, ' two Princes of the Bavarian royal family, equal in birth and relationship, wero seated at tea in a room of the Aschaffenbnrg Palace. A folding ' door divides this room from another apartment, and a smaller paper door separates it from tlie antc-chamber usually occupied by the domestics ih waiting. Of a sudden the lattor door opened, nnd a lady covered with a black veil entered, and mad« a low courtesy beforo the twq illus trious personages. One of the Princes, no little astounded, asked the lady if she were : invited to tea, and, pointing to the folding door leading ? into the tea-room (whore the Queon and ladies were assembled), gave her to understand tliat ' they should enter. No reply, and the lady van ished through the small papered door. Both the illustrious personages were extremely agitated by this wonderful apparition and its mysterious ; disappearance. Ono of them immediately has- I tcnod to the ante chamber, to inquire of the ser - vants about the mysterious figure. No one had seen it come or go, except Asvat, Queen Theresa's body hussar, who had met it in tlie ; passage. No other trace could be discovered. Both illustrious persons narrated what had occurred, and it soon camo to Quoen Theresa's ears, and sho was so overwhelmed thereby, that she became greatly indisposed, and wept during tlio whole night. The journey to Munich was fixed for tlio following day. All the luggage and half the servants were ' already on the road. To remain longer at Asehiiffen burg was scarcely possible. Queen Theresa was filled with the most sorrowful forebodings. Sho asked several times if it were not possible, -to remain here. It would be too painful f'1' her to quit Asclinffonburg Ibis time.. Tlio mys- ? terious and ominous Black Lady glided con- ? stantly before her imagination. , Somewhat cnlmod, at length, by judicious observations, sho at last sorrowful commenced the journey, ? which it was not possible to postpone. Iw still, at Munich, where she was at first sight indisposed, but recovered, her mind was pre occupied with the apparition of tho Black Louy,. of whom she spoke to many persons win trembling apprehension. Sho was sought to bo consoled by saying that tho sentries on utuy had seen the lady enter tho palace. But alt was in vain. Thcidoa that the apparition #t. tlie figure had a sinister foreboding forhei' hfi) never quitted her mind. Twenty days attei the mysterious evening, Queen: Theresa lay' corpse in tho Wittellaclicr Palaec. 19111 readers arc at liberty to judge of the inciden as they please. I must, howover, soloinni) protest against suspicions being thrown upon tho exact truth of these facts, derived from tu highest authority, as I took the above n'1'1'® .* vorbatim from tho statement of the bos' 1 ' formed persons before I had tho slightest siw picion of tho Queon's death. The tw°' '? trious persons narrated the circumstance oi tn . apparition minutely to several persons, bo the whole town heard of it next morning, on the same evening tho whole Pcrso'' °-,^ palace and the soldiers on duty were str c j examined, and roquosted to state all thoy of the matter — a good proof that the occun cannot bo set down among ordinary nui i The Law Review says that the subjcct pf making Prince Albert King Consort has l cently been discussed, and is even yet by means disposed of. The Capo papers do not announce ' bir h marriages, and deaths,' but niarriagos, enns ings, and deaths.' In 185G or 18G0, those who are theuhvuig may hope to see the great comet, 'ffhic , 1556, caused Charles V. to abdicate. A party of belated gentlemen, about a ccr tain hour began to think of home an wives' displeasure, and urge a , ' Never mind,' said one of the guests, minutes now will make no difference; wy is as mad now as she can be,' 