THE 'GOVERNOR. Australians bold where'er ye he, Stand forth and show your loyalty, And load with pomp and pageantry The Governor. He's going home the veteran bold, . But not to tell the tale that's told ; How grasping squatters bought and sold The Governor. Who was. their tried trusted friend, Who transportation did defend, Who was defeated in the end, The Governor. And when the people sorely cried, Against the curse, were villified, By him the all but deified, The Governor. Who lent his- sweet voice to the apt, . That sold us and our rights compact. An imbecile old tool in. fact, The Governor. His son too won't he bring him credit, When yice shall be the stamp of merit ; And who doth own a kindred spirit, The Governor. But would ye have the sire atone, For sins the offspring does alone ; ; . : Has'nt he a nice lot of his own, , The Governor.. ' Ah, what's, that roaring vulgar shout, From "Windsor's stablemen about, Sure bonifacc.has not.kicked out; — The Governor. The playfiouse scene, the gambling case, , ' From inemoiy ye should efface ; Forgive them both and then embrace . .. The G overnor. .Note.— I think: (to quote William .Cobbett) when people care not two straws about each other, ceremony at parting, becomes mere grimace, neither can it reasonably be expected that men will pay homage to a person that has invariably shown in his public and private life no respect for himself. "We are told, the people are acting in a most indignified manner, by withholding their moral support from the Governr at this (to him) very critical juncture and, that now' hb is- about to return home to render an account of his stewardship,' why revive reminiscences, that are or ought to be forgotten: But such good natured sentimental souls know little and. care less, for the real grievances of which we complain, and are we not told on the highest authority that, " the truth', shall make us free," away then with all fashionable cant arid hypocrisy, let us speak the truth freely and fearlessly, no matter how offensive it may be to the ears of a select few who. worship the miserable shadow of royalty departing for ever. One that has lived, moved, and had his bping in circles, that, the representative of our Sovereign Lady the Queen ought to blush to enter. But where is the self-loving mammonist, Where! the wily knave, the aspirants to lordly honours where are they, why these are the men encompassing the land to obtain signatures and subscriptions to the Fitz Roy testimonial.. Oh, its a dirty job and no mistake, what should we think of a person asking us to bear testimony to his honesty, when we knew (as well as himself) that he had been systematically' robbing us for years, why tflat he was either drunk or mad/ and was going the right road.to pull up at Tarban Greek or the lock1 Up; and what good has the Governor over done for the people — none. The worthless drone the no good thing, Instead of honey brought a sting, And well the people know iC And so do. they upon tlie whole, ThoSe nominees without a soul ; s Though they don't like to show it. - They have' not forgotteri the accommodating disposition evinced by His Excellency to the Electoral Act of 1851, to the New Constitution Bill, and to Ml other Bills that robbed the people of their just rights, and alieniated the waste lands- of the colony, neither have we.. But list oh list, ye wholesale plunderers, the intellectual artillery of British Statesmen is thundering forth- your doom —your monster abortion is giving up the ghost, and your co lonial mouthpiece is hastening, back, looking as profoundly re- diculous as a dog that had been caught pilfering from his, neighbours, and started with a flea in his ear, and a kettle to his tail for his pains. Poor Billy ! poor Billy, you little thought wliat a palpable insult you were laying before their lordships. How they (the lords) must have chuckled at your ignorance — then alternately frowned at your villiany and presumption— knowing that this, fine peice of legislatorial chicanery had emanated from the ' mischeivous brain of that noisy democrat, who hunted Sir Geoige Gippsfrom the land because that honest and fearless Governor had a will of his own. And miserably disappointed you will he when you return boiling with rage, from the slights you have received and impatient to join the rabble, but find it no go. The ruffians and mob as you have insultingly designated them, will not be led by an arch traitor, you will find your self, (for them) all alone in your glory. But to return, A large majority of the Council are about to furnish the present apology for a Governor with a certificate, showing the honest worth, truthful ability and moral probity that has characterized his administration throughout the great social changes that have taken place during the last eight years, this will surely obtain the esteem of our Lady Queen, together with a draft on the imperial treasury, and there ends this Governor. Amen and Amen ! , , : ONE OF THE PEOPLE. 