British Extracts " Crabbed Age and Youth cannot Live Together "-At the borough petty sessions, on 'Friday, two smart, interesting young women, named Susannah Holt and Mary Dakin Holt, were summoned by rather a crabbed-looking old woman, named Betty Wild, and charged With having wantonly disturbed her " by knocking at the door of her husband." It appeared that on Friday night week, about half-past ten o'clock, the defendants amused themselves by carrying out un old custom of ringing the frjing-pan, in consequence of a young gentleman so far forgetting himself as to be courting a young lady at the corner of a street, contrary to the law made and provided by the ladies, that Friday night shall be held sacred and devoted to domestic purposes. The young ladies having, it appears, duly rung their " ran-a dan-dan," to the amusement of their neigh- bours, and to the great satisfaction of themselves, finished their serenade by a final bump with the frying-pan against the door of the complainant's hus- band, until, as the old woman said, " until we shook in bed," and then retired under a volley of h'arty laughter. The fact of the case were beyond dispute; and Mr. Hig ginbottom, for the defendants, simply con- tended that the charge was one of such a paltry nature, that the magistrates ought to dismiss it. As totbe ringing of the fryingpan, Mr. Higginbottom said perhaps the meaning of the custon might be discovered from the following lines : - Ran.a-dan-dan ! this you may know by the sound of our can : One of your neighbours has beat ber good man, Neither with sword, stick, dagger, nor knife. But with an old shuttle, has nigh ta'en bis life. If you ask nie the reason, I tell you tbe cause. It was for heaviog np pot-lid and peeping at th' boes. The magistrates said that the charge was certainly not a serious one ; but they cautioned the fair frying-pan-ringers that they must not annoy the complainant, and they must pay costs.-Manchester Guardian, Aug. 13. Accident to a Distinguished Sar- dinian.-A curious accident occurred the other day to Chevalier d'Azeglio at the baths of Pesion. It seems that M. d'Azeglio, to amuse the visitors at the baths, caused^the lights of the room in which they were as- sembled to be suddenly extinguished, and at the same moment a boy, mounted on stilts, covered with a long sheet, and carrying in his hand a vessel containing spirits of wine, in a flame, stalked solemnly in. The ladies fled in dismay, and in the confusion thus caused the pretended ghost was brushed against, and he nearly fell In staggering the vase was jerked from his hand, and all its burning contents were cast in the face of M. d'Azeglio.-Liverpool Albion, Aug. 20. A letter from India says-" It is reported that an officer who was supposed to have been killed in the Cabul campaign more than thirteen years ago, whose place has long been filled up in the " Army List," whose wife hud contracted a second marriage, and given birth to a second family, has sud- denly turned up. He has bepn a prisoner during this long period in Kokan. His name is no secret, and his brother hus in the meantime become a general officer." Crimes of violence flourUh rankly in Cali- fornia. From January to May of this year, 199 persons were killed ; two convicts were hanged by the Sheriff; and twenty-two per- sons were executed under Lynch law. A young woman, on alighting from a stage, dropped a ribund from her bonnet in the bottom of the coach. " You have left your bow behind," said a lady passenger. "No, I hav'ut; he's gone a-fishlng," inno- cently rejoined the damsel. Increase of Bounty to £15.-It having been found difficult to obtain a sufficiency of artificers for the field batteries of the Royal Artillery, and the horse and rocket brigade, the Board of Ordnance has considered it ex- pedient to increase the bounty from £10 to £15 for the enlistment of farriers, shoeing smiths, wheelwrights, collar makers, saddlers, and coach smiths. The rate of daily pay has also been increased, as an inducement to these classes to volunteer. 