A DREAM THAT MAY COME TRUE. " YES, I- will," said I, deliberately ; which was the answer to a question put by myself to myself, as to whether or no a short walk-a recline OH the grass and a dreamy cigar after having put an epicurean dinner where dinners, good and bad, were made to be put would be agreeable to the animal senses. They may snarl and bark at the animal senses as they like, but next to animal sense comes common sense the common kind discovered the animal kind-and the latter found out turtle soup, cutlets, and curacoa &h; it-Yes, I will," was the sense animal usurping the pronoun I, and answering for it whereupon the whole system, animal, intellectual, and moral, betook itself leisurely across Macquarie-street into the Domain. I was never an observer ; things by me are only seen as generalities I have no power to examine detail, which ability is the bone and muscle of all observation. Moreover, I am fat, having what the looking-glass calls a dignified and the world a sleepy look. Young ladies who wish to be thought sarcastic have been heard to remark that the play of my brain in meditation must be like the quirer of calfBfoot jelly. However, nothing can now be remembered by me of that walk, excepting an erratic criticism hitched out by one of those brats-half mosquito half man-with a dried-apple kind of face slips of humanity which we only find in perfection in Sydney. His words, though they reached me disjointed, hissed in my ears like squibs a "cove," "snob," "splashed make," prizeman"; who ties his shoes r" are not exactly compliments to make a man feel-his self, esteem has told him the. truth. Nevertheless it was merely a difference of opinion between me and the boy ; he thought he could trace some comp prisons between something odd in my looks and something odd in his own ideas. I thought he could not, and there we split. He went on his way keeping up an inflexible ' rat-tat-tat-by drawing a stick along a close paling . whilst ten minutes afterwards I found my self in the position best suited for fat folks, on the slope before Lady Macquarie's Chair. To those who do not know that place, and who may read this dream which has shaken all lethargy and diffidence out of me, by making me put in print the throbbings of a sleepy brain, I can only say that the spot is a sloping grassy bank running down to a clear water, stretching east and west for about three miles bound in by hills covered with scrub, and dotted with houses, the encircled water being the name with ships, steamboats, boats, &c;, and also with several islets, one of which, right opposite my resting-place is called for certain good, or stomachic reasons, " Pinchgut." To those who do know all about this locality which I have racked myself to describe, I can only say, they know a very pretty place, and of which has often been considered by me a perfect ' panorama. I said before that the water in front was sprinkled with boats rowing and fishing, in which were gay shawls and dresses, white hands and arms holding the the lines, the tiny bonnets clinging like frighted things to the back of the head, whilst uncoated gentlemen . pulled the oars, and all were merry and glad in the sunlight. On the green grass around me, were scattered other crumbs of human nature, in the shape of nursery maids and the marks of their profession rolling, squealing, and squalling about them. Such a dialogue as this now and then fell upon my ear. (Attentive servant girl)-"Dear me! where's Tommy ?" ( Little girl who is burdened with being her brother's keeper,)-" I couldn't help it, really." Mary-Tommy has messed all his trousers crawling on the earth, and he says he will if he likes and that other boys does, and so will he and that he don't care for me-or for you either-not a bit, he's sure he don't." To the above there was no reply. SJ I guessed as I could not see that the Imperial forces marched without more ado upon the rebels. The spring was well advanced, and the afternoon was very fine I was half sitting, half lying, with my back against a rock watching the smoke of my cigar melting into nothingness in the eternity of space above me ; comparing it effectively to the hopes of youth-they end in smoke, and the smoke in nothingness, however philosophers may preach that there is no such thing in nature, the heart in this gives the intellect the lie. The sky was blue blue as (now for a simile) people, generally sky-blue as the sky ; but I want it to be blue as something. We might say, for instance, as washing blue, or the rear of a blue bottle or Damascus steel ; or a drunkard's nose on a frosty morning ; or a flame at midnight, when the ghosts are coming ; or salt has been thrown in the fire ; or one of those big ones that no one can tell the use of in a druggist's window ? or a girl's eye the last is common and not good, because they are very often not true-blue. However, I will use none of those ; but, like the writers of my own generation fetch a simile further, and say the sky was blue as a thirty-years-ag) dress coat, the sun figuring as a big solitary brass button towards the tail of it neither stained by clouds nor ruffled up by winds. Looking dreamily towards heaven inclines a man's head to fall backwards; trine did so gently, very gently, till the rock behind interposed its hard shoulder, for which I almost felt grateful to it, and which touch brought my glance downwards to the earth, again, and on no less a portion of it did it fall than that called Pinchgut. That morning a connected account of the war had been my studies, and the massacre of Sinope, in particular, occupied me. My look at Pinchgut and my previous reading became strangely connected ; the breeches of the three trusty weapons which are the island seemed to be the last foothold my spirit had of earthly things before it started for dreamland. Suddenly, and without notice or, a previous knowledge of them, I saw three vessels had anchoredaboutaqusrterofamile from me. Knowledge seemed in my dream quite a matter of course I knew they were Russians ; a steamer, a brig, and a sloop- of-war. Scarcely had I thought this, ere the black cross fluttered from their peaks.' The steamer was underweigh, but the sailing ships seemed to be getting what sailors call " a spring in their cables." I looked on intently, unable to move. I knew all they were doing that they were preparing to cannonade the town that their boats were filling with soldiers, in order to follow up the cannonade ; the grey greatcoats, and leathern helmets with their brazen eagles, showing plainly ; every thing about them was visible with a most horrible distinctness. As the ships swung slowly around, I could see down the very throats of the guns, one of which grinned directly upon me. How I wriggled to get up, and roared as I thought to. help. Nothing was of any use : there was the gun fascinating me like a snake ; fancy made me see the ball itself which was to cut my backbone in two. Then I felt the terrible feeling of a non-combatant brought face to face - with an enemy sworn to shed the blood of you and yours. Oh ! did I not, in my frenzy, send both English and Colonial Governments, the Legislative Council, together with army and navy, into the middle of a better fire than that which the Russians were now beginning, for giving them such a chance to begin any fire at sea'. The white smoke was spouting from the sides of the ships, and shell and round shot flying over my head, making faces, I fancied, as they went past. At lost my friend (the gun which had been looking a long time at me as a j nice morsel) vomited out a ball. I could see it leave the very muzzle, and it came, and came, and came-so straight it came-that I squeezed myself into the hard stone at my back for one blessed hair's breadth. The shot seemed to walk leisurely over my face, and whisper as it passed that " the next would make a finish."' It is most terrible to be thus talked at by iron. But at the same moment two enormous shells, scream- ing as they blew, plumped full into the middle of Pinchgut-and what a blowing-up followed. I looked-and it was not, not a pinch of any kind left. I remember that a feeling of wonder struck me even then, whether any of the gentlemen who were at the planning of that battery were at the defending of it. But not much time to wonder if d I-my dream which was thickening fast upon me, in its magic givEN showed a whole fl hills of beats full of troops landing close by me under the fire of the ships. Sirs, d'ye think it is in the nature called human to lie still with a crop of bayonets growing all but underneath it I think not, and acted as if I did. For in my dream, and through extreme terror, I found both heels and feet just as some of the Russian front-rank men were giving chase. Didlnotrun ? Up the road and across the Domain, shot and shell running with me my hat was cast away, and so was my coat, my handkerchief unloosed-and strange feeling, I felt' myself growing thinner at every stride. Casting a sort of gallows' glance around me, ere plunging in' "a Hunter-street with three grenadiers of the regiment of some "off" or "skin" on my trail. On the right was Government House, unroofed like an Irish shiel- ing. To the left again was St. James' st, epic, out in twain like a gingerbread one and right through the roof of our House of Parliament had entered a most out of order 13 inches, which disorderly member displayed, I am sorry to say, more energy than any thing male, female, or neuter, had ever done in that House before, simply by its explosive fit, blowing out the four walls, each one in its own particular directions How the entrance into the town appalled ice-house; turned into heaps in all directions carts knocked to shivers, with the horses lying dead between the shafts, the pavement (Heaven save the mark) rendered if possible worse than before, the streets literally ploughed up ; men flying wildly, women screaming more wildly, and children most wildly. The whole of George- street was unroofed, defaced, and full of ruinous gaps. But alas ! the saddest ruins were human, these I only then saw, strewn all before, and there I stopped, for strange! the first trickle of human blood pulled me up as though I had been a sleuth-hound,-there was no going beyond that. Strength and beauty, youth and age ; age, poor fellow, there lay an organ-grinder fallen across his instrument, the life knocked out of the one, and the music out of the other. Everything was in estate of sank, the enemy was amongst us I could hear their yells ; I thought in day-dream I could understand their language that they were breaking into the Banks, and gutting jewellers' shops that nothing was to be spared save gold and grog and I thought also it might all have been prevented. However my vision now was soon finished. A huge bear made a rush with his musket clubbed to brain ! me. brakes and jumped aside, but, coming in contact, as the dream went with a lamp-post, which turned out to be nothing more than rolling over with my nose upon the rock that had pillowed me. I heard a voice with my waking ears, "Holloa, old boy, its uneasy ye seem entirely ; p'raps its the cramps that's bothering yez." '-Oh? no," replied I. "Thank Heaven, 'tis only a dream, and may be prevented yet, for though the Russians don't come, somebody else may," and off I went. FAT, BUT NOT SLEEPY. 