LOCAL. CONVICT DISCIPLINE. — In our polico re- I port of Friday we notice a case which ap- I p-ars to us rather a hard one, although it I wasimpossiblo for tho magistrates, aecord- I ing to the law as it now stands, to have decided otlierwiso. A young woman ab- I tent from bur service on pass, forms an 1 ncquaiiitunoo with a reputable tradesman. 1 ntul dazzled by the prospeet of securing a I home, and provision fur life, accepts his proposals of marriage. The poor girl fear- fill of losing an opportunity of establishing I herself respectably, fails to acquaint her I intended partner with her real position as I a prisoner of tho crown, and unler the I pretext of being an immigrant, becomes a I wifo. After a little brief wonk of liappi- I Hess, she is arrested as ait absconder, and I as such sentenced to 12 mouths' imprison- I meat in the female factory. This is what I we object to ; tho poor girl had been I guilty of a ' fault,' but she bad not eoin- I inittcd a 'crime.' And we cauuot but I think that in this respect tho convict law I is not only deficient, hut harsh in the ex- I trcmo. The fault of tho prisoner was a . trivial one, quite natural in her situation, I mid to consign her to that academy of vice I '—to associate liej with tho most debused I: mid degraded of'Tior sex for a period of 12 9 months, must, to any mind wberoin a 9 traco of purity exists, be a sentence most 9 appalling. Tlio prisoner in this instance, 9 had the law permitted the exercise of loni- 9 ency on tho part of the magistrates, might, 9 after a few weoks' solitary confinement, or 9 . even a pecuniary penalty, bo restored to 9 her husband, and have proved a most ox- 9 ninplary wifo, and a credit to tlio station 9 in life in which marriage bad placed her. 9 What are we to expect from a young 9 'feature, turn from comfort and imiepeu- deuce, her hopes blasted, and thrown into 9 the society of tho vicious and the depraved, ans compelled to associate with them for 9 12 months — 12 long dreary months ? It 9' it appalling to retiout upon", and we trust that something may be done to ameliorate these laws, and that exertions may bo made to enlist the sympathy of our ex- collet it Governor on behalf of the object of this notice. BUCKINGHAM ELECTION.— On Wed- . Destiny evening a meeting of the friends and supporters of Mr. J. Curwen Walker, 9 f,?0 !,'!,co "t Sandy Bay, Old Boacli i.tvcrn, a. Lipscombe, Esq., in the chair. | Mr. Walker enunciated tiis sentiments upon tlio principal subjects connected with the politics of the day ; and his Mows appeared to give general stitisfiic- B; !?" Some questions wero put to Mr. Walker, whose replies were apparently satisfactory. Ho declared himself antag- 9 ®"istie to the Noinineo System in the Legislature ; and though he did not give a"y decided opinion upon state-pay and t>cm« tlio voluntary system, ho stated i tlint ho was not an advocate for state pay, out was opposed to rash or sudden move- 9 "leuts ; anil declared that if olected, he , would go into the legislative council ft aiixioiis to promote the best interests of ft 1116 colony, but tho very opposite to a party uian, or the creature of a clique. HOBART TOWN ELECTION. — The |i r'.eijds of progress -and tlio advocates of ft ocfiil order, will be ltappy to hoar that ft '"wdnstanding sundry ' woak inventions ft- , 10 ciciiiy' and most paltry attempts l! nn» n t'10 public opinion into tho ft: . l Sl'inhnnefi I _ .» . <_ „ B Mi< d . canvass ior ft aniii rry 's '-'iiimphtuitly progressing, ft ai-n I ?ssurancc3 that his friends receive I iii» !"'v becoming tnoro gratifying that 9 Ta, rotu!'" a3 'be mem her for II obart ft ' i- y'Mvi|l be certain. We have not the ft »ii doubt, and we hail theroin the ft J\ I".1111.!''1 of principle over faction and 9; «J, su1 ovor p'trty. On Tuesday ft i . '"S ". 'uceting of Dr. Bedford's friends ft; Mir!, eiltl5U1' tilko place tit the Me- 9 Pa,"0)3 "s6tuto ; wo trust that Mr. I innnc 3 3aPPorters will bear in mind (lie I' ttinir'"? 0 '!mt Tuesday evening, and by I trrn-t, , meanour exliiliit a contrast as ft wj , between tiie disorderly bindings ft "Mended on that occasion for the pur- pose of creating a disturbance, as exists betweon tlio principles and purposes of the two candidates.' EVANGELICAL UNION.— Tlio nionlhly moitiug will bo hold this evening in St. An Iruw's Clinrcii, at 7 o'clock. The sub ject of tin) a Idrnss to be delivered by tlio Rev. \'V. D.iy—" The importance of'little tilings for good or ovil." QUARTER SESSIONS. — Tlio Q,'iari,er" Ses sions will commence to-morrow at ton o'clock. Tliero aro, we are informed, a greiter number of eases than usual to be tried. LICENSING ACT. —The police force were on tho qui oioe yesterday. Several parties being on the look out for opportunities to entrap tho publicans. We believe some few informations will be the result of their exertions. FRAIL FAIR ONES IN JEOPARDY. —On Saturday last considerable excitement was evinced by the circumstance of a number of the nymphs of tho pave being brought up on tlio charge of being idle and disorderly persons, and dealt with accordingly. Eight of these demoiselles W8re sentenced to imprisonment, with hard labour, for various periods, according to the nature of tlio charge, and four la lies nude their curtsey to tho bench, being discharged in consequence of their tut being at that time sufficient evidence to convict them. MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. —The usual meet ing of this body took plaee on Friday lust, on which occasion wore present tho worshipful the Mayor, Aldermen Sims, Sly, Rlicuben, Lipscombe, Thomson, and O'Reilly. Mr. Tonkin, in consequence of liis application to that ofFect, was per mitted to prusont himself before the PniltWll! Paw tlio lillHOnnn n f .... WUUIIVII 1V/1 bill J Ml I Ul lU|li CoUll II () (£ «il I evil which oxists in conjunction with tho improvements now being carried on, inas much as the excavations of the creek were in maiiy instances carried on below the fotui laiions of the houses, a proceeding attended with considerable risk. Tho matter was referred to the City Surveyor, and some other routine business being disposed of, the Council adjourned. TEMPERANCE MOVEMENT. — The Tetnpor- ance a id Total Abstinence Association have appointed a ' Vigilance Committee,' to examine into the working of the New Licensing Act. BUCKINGHAM ELECTION. — On Friday evening a meeting of Mr. J. C. Walker's friends was hold at tlin Britannia Inn, Macqit irio-strcet,— Mr. Clias. Degravesin the Chair. Mr. Walker entered into a full detail of his political views. At the conclusion of tho meeting, Joseph Hone, Esq., spoke in the. highest terms of the candidate, whom ho statoil to have known fur many years, and could attest to his worth and honor. The usual vote of confidence and support was passed ; so was also a vote of thanks to tho Chair man, and the inci-ting separated, giving three cheers for Mr. Walker, threo more for Mr. Dag raves, three more for Mr. Hone, and three eiithuaiastic ones for the Queen. INCREASE OF THE ARMY. — Letters received in Dublin state that ten new regiments of tho line will be asked from Parliament. „ Among them will bo third battalions of the Coldstream and Fusilier Guards, of the Rifle Brigade, and of the IGtlt (tho depot of the latter now in Dublin). Three of these ten will bo selected from the embodied militia who liavo volunteered. Tho remainder will oo completely new regiments, to beadded to the number in tho Army List. All the militia crops will bo embodied, and, bo- bosides the three regiments to bo incorpo rated into the lino, ten others will be selected from among those who may volunteer for servico at the Cape, and in Canada and Australia, where tiiey will relieve line regiments. The Mediter ranean garrisons will continuo to bo oc cupied by lino regiments, who will con stitute the reserve force. PATRIOTIC FUND. — Upwards of 500,000 dollars have been collected in New York for the Patriotic Fund, by a committee appointed for that purpose. — Illustrated London JVews, Nov. 25, J85 4. CARRICK RACES.— The following were the winning liorsos : — Tuesday ; Carrick St. Leger, Mr. Dodeay's Reception ; Car rick Plato, Mr. Metico's Vision ; Maiden Plate, Mr. Ives' .Theresa. Wodtio.-day : Two-year Old Stakes, Mr, Jordan's Ein- prass ; Farmers' Purse, Mr. T Field's Heiress ; Galloway Stakes, Mr. Nonco's Young Queen, Thursday : Brewer's Purse, Heiress ; Steeple Chase, Mr. Wood's Triumph; Consolation Stakes, Mr. W. Brown's Lucifer; Hack Stakes, a liorso belonging to bo Mr. Jordan. A good deal of amusement was caused on Tuesday at a foot race between Mr. G. Gibson and a professional predestrian front Melbourne, which was easily won by tho latter. — C. Chronicle. FINGAL GOLD DIGGINGS. —A resi- dent at Fingal informs us that there are at present time about thirty persons at work, and although they have not yet met with the matrix, they are still san- guine of success. One nugget, weighing half an ounce, and another five penny- weights, have been obtained by surface washing, but our informant is of opinion that those employed in the work are not making wages. —Launceston Examiner. UNITED PRESBYTERY SYNOD. — This synod has recently received a considerable accession to its numbers and influence by the arrival, per James Bainos, of the Rev A. S. Kiunoninout, of Leith, tiie Rov. James Bulliuityne, of Edinburgh, and the Rov. John Bulliuityne, of Lillies- lief, noar Melrose, Scotland. Other two clergymen, the Rev. Mr. Mercer, of Dry- men, and the Rev. Mr. Darling of Stit- chcll, near Kolso, are understood to he on tholr passage out to the colony. Tho threo ministers now arrived wero well known in the home country and hcid in high esteem. — M. M. Herald. HOLLOWAY'S PILLS, A CERTAIN CURE FOR ASTHMA.— These Pills htivo effected sevo- rnl wonderful cures of tlioso complaints. The following is one out of five hundred. Joseph Holdorness, of Titenago, Cape of Good Hope, woll known in that neigh bourhood, suffered with asthma for fifteen inontlie, the continual cough completely shook his system, utilised him to spit blood, and at times almost choked hiin. Every thing he ate ho vomited, and ho be- camo tho more ghost of his former si If. Holloway's Pills in this instance, were us iibuui otnt(iuuuS)iiU6u as Lii0y wuro uy uio Ointment (which he well rubbed into his chost,) and in seven weoks by these re medies, ho was cttroil ; lie has since re gained his wonted strength, and warmly recommends Holloway's inedieinos to his fellow citizens. 