.DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. CONFISCATION OF SMUGGLED GOLD.-JL In Monday's At gus it was stated that a quantityj ,¿ of gold had beeu soized by the Custom Houso^ ü officers at Williamstown from some Chinese, j " who w ere about to smuggle it out of tho colony, , .without previously paying duty. On Tuesday^ five Chinamen appeared at the Police Court, j t Williamstown, to answer an information laid byt., -tho Custom Houso authorities, charging them,: t -with a breach of tho Gold Export Duty Act, , The case was continued yesterday, and thoj, Gvideuco adduced throughout the examinations}, ¿inclosed the following particulars :-Mr. Brans-., ford, the Acting Tide Surveyor, and Mr. Brew-6 Eter, another officer in the Customs uepart-t ment, acting upon information received byc them, boarded on Friday morning tho barquca Yenilia, which vessol was on the bertfy for Hong Kong, and collecting twelve Chinese,, ?who were on boord as passengers, together, quesif tioncd thurn as to whether they had any goulç Ahnost all of them answered in tho nogative, and,. tho officers then proceeded to search thom andj, i heir luggage. In tho case of fivo of them smal^ <)uanUtio3of gold wero found secreted about their,, ferions or effects, and the parcels wero detained and summonses issued against the Celestial smug;', glers. The whole quantity seized was, however^, trifling, weighing, including a number of wrap-j, pors, i.e., in which tho various lots had been ea-fc veloped, about 2J lbs. avoirdupois. The officersj in the confusion which prevailed during the* search, omitted to identify the particular pari, eel taken from each individual Chinese, but theil latter sub:equcntly pointed out their ícspectivo/i lots. From one of them was taken a waist-belta containing three hundred sovereigns, and fronii another thrco massive plain gold rings, linked' together, and which wore found hy the searched! ¿unsealed under the man's arm. 'llio particular» ot the evidence were convoyed to the liefondantsr through the medium of Kong Ming, who dei clured himself a Christian, and was sworn on thffi Ken Testament. This interpreter exhibited oon-t: siderable intelligence, spoke English plainly, ando -wrote a neat hand. The mogistrato, Liout.v Pasco:;, ordered the gold to be confiscated;! as contraband, but dischaiged the defem! dants, as tho officers woro uuabld to identify thom with anj- particular pari: eel of gold. The interpreter inquired of hii "Wor hip whether it was necessary to pay dutjfl upon gold ring", such as had been seized from ona of the defendants, adding, that ho had been told at the Custom Iiouse that it was not. Mr. Millern who hod been conducting the prosecution, saiq: that tho statement had been denied at tho Cuse tom House. Lieut. Pascoe replied that tho ringi of tho kind would, no doubt, bo subject to duty} but he did uot think that a singlo one on th« finger would be interfered with. i CITY MISSION.-An adjourned pub- lic meeting was hold on Tuesday evening, at the United Presbyterian Church, Gertrude-street Collingwood, for the purpose of considering whether it would be expedient to form a separate Home Mission for Collingwood. The meeting was respectably, but not very' fully attended and the Rev. Mr. Clowes, of St. Mark's Church was called to the chair. Mr. Bellin, secretary read the minutes of the last meeting, and moved a report, the substance of which was, that it was considered necessary that a separate mission should be formed. The Rev. Mr Jarrett addressed the meeting, saying hee was sorry a misrepresentation had gone abroad that the Melbonrne parent society was it a languishing condition. This was by no means the case, although, of course, they would be happy to receive additional funds. Dr. Embling moved an amendment, the purport of which was that it would be advisable tor the Collingwood people not to separate,—as union was strength division weakness. He alluded to some of the ministers of the churches and chapels of Collingwood not having done their part in making the claims of the mission known. Only £25 towards the general fund has been subscribed by the congregations of place of worship in Collingwood; and in some of the chapels the ministers had not brought the matter before their people at all. After some further discussion, in which Mr. Kinsman, Mr. Marsden Rev. Mr. Townend, Mr. Benson, Mr. Virtue, and others took part, Dr, Embling's amendment was carried by a considerable majority. A can troversy also took place concerning the pro- priety of relieving the bodily wants of the poorer people,—clothing and feeding them as well as administering spiritual advice Dr. Embling, Reverend Mr. Cloees, and others thought the association ought not to partake of the nature of a benevolent society. Several of the other speakers, on the other hand, considered it was useless administering advice and spiritual consolation to men who wanted bread and meat but that preaching to the ignorant and destitute would be more likely to be effective, if at the same time they saw their pressing necessities were relioved. After a vote of thanks to the chairman, the meeting broke up. COLLINGWOOD YOUNG MEN'S ASSOCI/ triON.-Mr. Allen will deliver a lecture o galvanism, illustrated by several experiment before tho members of this association, th evening at half-past soveu o'clock. MELBOURNE HOSPITAL. - Return c patients for the weekending May 23rd : Indoor 158 ; out-doors, 77 ; total number of patient 235\. Physician and surgeon for the ensuin week, Dr. Brownies^ md Mr. Barker.-R marks:-Michael Scu.uy was admitted w11 fracture of the leg on the 17th inst. Jam Reid was admitted with fracture of the leg o the 21st inst., caused by a large quantity of earl falling upon him. COMPLIMENTARY- BENEFIT TO Mß. LEWI -A complimentary benefit to the active lease of Astley 's Amphitheatre will be given at th establishment this evening. In addition to ti whole force of the equestrian and gymnast company, Miss O. Hamilton and Miss Lou! Swanncll are announced to appear. LOCAL IMPROVEMENTS.-Wo see that ti auction mart of L. Macpherson and Co. is no undergoing improvement. Tho roof of ti building is entirely removed, in order to gi place to a circular arching over the entrañe 'This will, whenfinished,give to tho cntiro buildii a suporior appearanco ; the intended arch beii 3n the centre of the range. Mr. Jones, auctionci lias set the good example, and no doubt h already experienced tho advantages ho is like to derivo from improvements. We aro happy notice such a spirit of improvement displayed ' our neighbors of the hammer, and hope th others will see the beneficial results that o îiko1y to ariso therefrom. A little improveme in Pall MaU would now be desirable ; and, if r brought to a passable state, it ought at least mado to suit the buildings which aro on it. JJendigo Advertiser. THE LATE CASE OF FIRING UPON SAILO IN ¡TUE BAY. - Yesterday Robert Hcndersi charged with feloniously shooting James Holm a sailor belonging to the Tasmania, appeared remand. The main facts of this case have aireo appeared. From tho evidence on the part of i prosecution, it appeared that between seven a eight o'clock on the evening of the 14th inst, 1 or twclvo men, belonging to the vessel, rushed nnd, ascending the poop, commenced lower! the quarter-boat. The pr'í^.sz' rcmonstra with them, but thoy said they would go at hazards, and the boat was gat afloat, t the men pushed off. Some shots w fired,-one of the witnesses, a sailor bolo ing to the vessel, who was not conccn in the occurrence, stating that there wore ab fourteen discharges. The prisoner WES seen fire arevolver, but, as he said, over thostern of vessel. An attempt was made to signalise ' escape, but the haulyards were found to hi been cut adrift. It was sought to bo proved, the defence, that the men were armed, but the f was not elicited, although the witnesses wo ot swear that there waa no firing from the boat. [ he sailor already referred to, stated that, by the lash ot tho pistol, he distinguished the ices of tho prisoner and the second mate, ii r. Blow. A portion of the clothes which the lounded mnn, who is now an inmate of tho lelbourne Hospital, wore at the time he was Lot, were produced, but were not admitted as v ¡dence. They consisted of a pea coat and ia Instic under-shirt, both of which had been per- muted, apparently, by a bullet. Holmes had not, owever, been identified as one of the men who ere escaping; and the Captain of the vessel :ntcd in evidence that he did not know whether licrc was such a name on his articles. He added bat his crew weroa badlot of men, and that tho wlt css Horfield, whosworeto seeing the prisonerand :,e second mate among those tiring from the tcp, had admitted that he had embezzled stores i d portions of the cargo. After a lengthened vestigation, the magistrates again remanded ie prisoner for a week, and extended his bail to nat time. Holmes, it was said, was recovering -em the effects of the wound he had received, h ich was in tho back, immediately under the ¡ght blade bono. THE WILLIAMSTOWN BIGAMY CASE. COMMITTAL OF DR. FIELD.-Yesterday, at the Williamstown Police Office, Mr. Joseph William Field, charged with bigamy, appeared on remand. The prosecution was, as on the previous occa- sion, conducted by Mr. Burke, the clerk to the bench, and the accused was defended by Mr. Read. Two additional witnesses were on this occasion called, Mr. Jardine, the clerk to the bench at Leigh, and Mr. Henry Budd, a medical practitioner at Williamstown. The former gentleman deposed that the defendant was for- merly in partnership with his brother, a medical man, in Wilderness Row, London, and that he had seen him at his brother's residence on two occassions in the early part of 1852, prior to his, witness's, leaving England. He always understood that Mr. Field was a married man, but did not know from his own know- edge. Mr. Budd stated that the defendant and he studied privately together, and with Dr. Brownless in 1841, but he never heard at that time that the defendant was a married man. The witness, left England for India in 1843, and had not met the defendant since, until about a month ago when he called upon witness at Hei- delbcrg, and stated that it had been his inten- ion to commence practice there, but that finding his old fellow-student in the field, he should re- lenquish the idea. In the course of conversation the defendant said he was a married man. [This statement evidently referred to the alleged secpnd marriage in 1854]. That being the whole of the evidence against the defendant, Mr. Burke, addressing his Worship, called his attention to the fact that the publication of the second mar- riage was made, not by the defendant, as stated on a previous occasion, but by himself. The cerrtifîcate from England also stated that the mar- riage had been solemnised in 1843. He had been referred to, in respect to this prosecution, as a conspirator, and he hoped that Mr. Read would retract that expression. Mr. Read readily ac- litted Mr. Burke of being concerned in a con iraoy, but ho thought that gentleman's high clings had caused him to be influenced by others this matter. The learned gentleman proceeded argue, in defence of his client, that the evi mce was not sufficient to warrant a committal, liich to one in the defendant's position, would i of ruinous effect, as it would be inferred that, the magistrate's opinion, there was a prima cie case againBt him ; whereas, in the event of ii acquittal at tho Supreme Court, it would he sinuated that his client had escaped through mo technicality, or other cause, apart from io merits of the case. Had, even, the leged certificate of a former raar igo with Mary Anne Carley been oved, thero had boen no evHenco produced to ow that that individual was olivo at the time of 0 second marriage. But the certificate was a ero common form, that might be purchased any licre in London, and filled up. It had not boen tested, either by affidavit or by viva voce ovri IDCC. It was impossible to think that Dr. cid, who, as it had been sworn, was a partner a medical firm practising in the heart of Loa n, would have fixed his residence openly at illiamstown, without even changing his name, i d a former wifo boen living. It would have cn an act of sheer madness to have settled w11, under such circumstances, in the very ico where ho would bo immediately re gnised.-His Worship expressed his sor w that a remand lind been asked for the last investigation, as nothing new had i cn proved. He should commit the defendant i r trial. The bail was at first fixed at £500, id two sureties in £250 each; but, on the ap llcation of Mr. Read, who said that it would be possible for Mr. Field, who was a stranger, to d such bail, the terms were modified to £200, d two sureties in £100 each. MACHINERY.-Quartz-crusliing machines, liven by horses, are becoming very common roughout the field. A. great amount of ia nuity is displayed in trie construction of nny of them. They are, for the most part, i tho rolling principle. The crushers in 1 eso instances consist of two wheels of gre«t t ¡ight generally, revolving on one axle round vertical shaft, over an iron grating. About i o tons a day may be stated as the average unntity crushed by theso machines. The I unping-machines, also driven by horses, nBist ol' from three to eight stampers of about o cwt., which also crush on a perforated ittom or grating. About the same quantity of ark is performed by them also. We have : irticularly to notice the steam crusher of essrs. Young and Co., of Kangaroo Flat. The ¡ orkB are well worth a visit. The engine is a rong and highly-finished one, of about eight irsc-power. The quartz, in the first place, granulated by stampers, and afterwards pul rised by iron rollers in a solid iron basin, on ; hat is called the chocolate mill principle. On o whole, this machine appears to be the most Bective as yet established in the district; mbining, as it does, the two principles of imping and rolling, and constructed in the OBt approved manner of both, it cannot ii to perform its work in a most desirable inner. But still there is room for very cot improvement; and we hopo yet to see e auriferous stone reduced to a much finer iwdor, and in less time, than wc have as yet en effected. Tho Berdan, at the foot of Npw tium Gully, is fast approaching completion, uch has been said both for and againBt this ¡w description of machine. Wo refrain, bow- er, from making any remarks until we have en this one at work. We regret to find that nsiderable inconvenience, and even loss, are ox rienced by many persons from a faulty and de :tivo method of amalgamatien. A great deal difficulty seems to exist on this matter. Un- is a sufficient degree of motion he given to the icksilver, the stuff becomes sot on its surface, ming, as it were, a film or crust thereon lich prevents the gold from uniting wltk e mercury. On the other hand, if a violent Dtion be given, the mercury splashes, dividing to infinitesimal drops, and much, consequently, lost without effecting its purpose. The atten- du of scientific men could hardly bo direoted a more important matter at the present mo ent ; and wo sincerely hope, ore long, to Bee nsiderable improvements in this way. With gord to the puddling-mnchinory, wo feel con nccd that much has yet to be done,-that in nernl use on this field is of very rude and ¡mitivo construction. The apparatus may be nelered very much more efficient ; and there n ho little doubt hut that at no very distant iy steam-power will generally be applied ta d9 very important branch of gold mining. endino ¿advertiser. THE QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY.- This day, ing her Majesty's birthday, tho banks and iblic offices will bo closed. Many of the prin pal mercantile and commercial establishment! tend to observe it as a holiday. His Excellency is a levee at the Exhibition Building, at oni ;lock, and a grand ball at Government Houso ii te evening. Thero is also to be a review of all til oops in garrison, and of the Rifle Corps, at th ten space of ground adjoining the Prince' ridge Barracks. MISKA HÄUSER's CONCERT.- The se Înd appearance of this fine violinist takes plac tis evening, at tho Queen's Theatre. APPREHENSION OF A SUPPOSED BUSH- RANGER—On Tuesday, Detective Tuckwell ap- prehended a man on board the Wonga Wonga, Sydney steamer, on a charge of being concerned in a highway robbery, committed about six weeks ago. The fellow gave his name as James Condon, but he is believed to be one Mark Somerville, a notori- ous villain. He was charged yesterday, at the Williamstown Police Office, with violently ill- treating a man named Rutherford, on Bacchus Marsh, about six weeks ago, and robbing him of £1500. There are other charges of a grave nature against him. He was remanded to the Melbourne Police Court. ESCAPE FROM GAOL.—On Friday morning at about nine o'clock, a prisoner confined in Sandhurst Gaol, named Henry Bates, alias Henry Jenkins, managed to make his escape and get clear off. Bates had been sentenced to three month's imprisonment for assault, with intent, upon a little girl, some short time since. A warrant had also been had out against him for shooting with intent to do some grievous bodily harm. The es- cape of this prisoner must certainly be owing to scant of due precaution in not guarding the in- mates of the gaol more closely at the hour when the gates open. Escapes from the Sandhurst gaol and lock-up have been of more frequent occur- rence during the last nine or ten months than is creditable to the authorities.—Bendigo Adver- tiser. HUSBAND AND WIFE.-Edwin Harbour was brought up at the City Court yesterday, charged with assaulting his wife, who was in a condition which ought to have gained the com miseration of the veriest brute. The woman said that the prisoner had pulled her by the hair of the head, and had kicked her. The constable who took the prisoner into custody said the pro secutrix was a woman of the most depraved cha- racter, and that her temper was a very violent one. The husband was, on the contrary, a hard- working man. Under these circumstances the Bench contented themselves with binding the prisoner over in £50 to keep the peace for six Months. THK DRINKING EVIL.-Twelve1 persons were brought up at the City Court yesterdaj-, having been taken into custody In a stato ofjj in- toxication. Tlioy wero mulcted in the usual penalty. Ono Henry Legg hod become so dis orderly while under the influonco of liquor as to mitin tho face of tho landlady of the Royal Mail Hotel, and to threaten her husband with as« ord. He wai fined 60s. CHARGE OF ASSAULT.-Thomas Camcjc was charged at the City Court yesterday with assaulting one of the police. It appeared that thepolioeman was in plain clothes at the time, , said that he had, in some measure, induced thoj assault, by interfering with a party encaged in private conversation. The caso was dismissed.. SUSPICION OK STEALING.-William Every was brought up at the City Court yesterday, on suspicion of stealing a coat. He had called in at the shop of Mr Alexander Marks, Little Bourke otreet, and'oUercd a coat for sale, but, a3 it waa a new one, with a'licket on it, Mr. Marks suspected that it was stolon; and gave tho prisoner into cus- tody. Everj; stated that he purchased tha coat from another man ; nnd, as tin 11 was no evidenco against him,' he'wus discharged. SUSPICION ' or SÜOOTINO DR. Droic; Two men, who gave their names as William Jackson and Thomas Moores, wero brought up ut the City Court yesterday, on suspicion of being She perpetrators of the frightful outrage recorded moor columns on Tuesday. Ono of the men was tall, They had been taken into custody at Prahran, by, Sergeant Bushell, and their appearance was un ¿oabtedly suipicloua. Thej- woro merely brought ?pana remanded until" Satnrdaj', when it is to te hoped that, some satisfactory evidence on tho »abject may be obtained. ¿ BALLAARAT MINING INTELLIGENCE. Many of our miners have of lato been thrown oat of their calculations by the turnings of one er two of ourjl.ies. This has been particularly the case on the Red Hill, near the Adelphi, and Ö» Gravel Pits, near the main road. The first Bsmed line has turned aside from the road to -araros the Chinese encampment, instead of cros fsîog tho road, as was generally anticipated. Tho B»ult is, that many of the claims which were Saghly thought1 of- have been abandoned, 'dud fiioso which were outsiders are now " dead on it.". 33» Ked , Lino is improving in yield. Between the Bed Streak mid the Gra- vel Pitsi there has been some rcmarko My rich ground hit on. The yields have Soen rcported,',but as wo might bo suspected of "gasing," ,we forbear. It is safe, however, to say fifcat the washing stuff looks " stunning." There tare been one or two places hit on here, whloh wouMlea'd to the opinion that a new line, mak- ing for the Gravel Pits, below the Prince Albert, is,not altogether unfounded. The Gravel Pits »tong the road has disappointed a good many.ltt 3s direction. Some think that the line is crossing mar the t'\ whim " opposite the Empire Bowlipg Saloon, while others say that itjsull crossjienrHhc Criterion Auction Mart, and a third party holbTs Hist it will mako towards ¡the White Flat. Paddling and quartz-crushing machines be !gm to look up as the rain becomes more certain, We may soon export bandsomo returns"from both these sources. -Creswick and Happy Val- ley are both doing pretty fairly. New leads havo been hit on on the'former field.-Mining liepor kr Ballaarat Times. CAHDIDATES ron BALLAABAT.-We have heard She names of live gentlemen mentioned as likely: to contest tho scats for Ballaarat and Creswick. Thîse ore Messrs. Westgarth and W. Muir, mer- chants; and Messrs Aspinall, Cope, and Dunno, barristers. The four first-na-ned aro not j'et bc Swe the public, therefore we shall refrain from Easting any lengthy comments upon their quali- fications, and the last,-Mr. Dunne,-though avowedly in the field, will be, for this time, easily dismissed. Mr. Westgnrth is a deeply-read poli- tician of the," progressive school." He has, per- haps, done more to raise tho character of\tho colony throughout Europe than any other man in Australia ; he is an author of no mean repute, and Has ever used his pen to promote the best' into.: ¡rests of the colonj-, Mr. Muir is a Melbourne merchant, who is deeply interested in this dis' trict j he is a member of the Chamber of ,Oom merce, and has given expression to liberal^and jerogressivo views, especially in reference to tho land system. Of the batch of barristers, fwo hove considerable claims on the mining commu- nity. Mr. Aspinall is a young man of very con Btdcrable ability, and took a leading part in de- fending the Ballaarat State prisoners ; his yerj instincts are liberal, and his colonial career though short, has given promise of future great: ness, Mr. Copo is a gentleman occupy mg a good position at the bar, anc since his arrival among us ho has eve: Sieen found advocating the cause of the people last comes the actual candidate, Mr. Dunno "We certainly were somewhat astonished when w heard that this gentleman was really a candidate and tried to frame some excuse for the apparen cool assurance that liad led him to seek the sui firagcB of the people. We looked hack, and in qnJred what wero the merits of this gentlemnn, what noble conduct ho had displayed to entiil him to a seat in our Parliament,-and we wen unable to discover the ghost of a shadow of ai act of his that has given the smallest indicatio: of fitness for senatorial deliberation. We fount be had been present at one public meeting^ upo: whioh occasion he displayed an amount of irrite bility of temper anything but desirable in a re presentative ; that he appears in our polic courts, and is certainly a great man ; but n one over dreamed that he had given even th most Liliputian indication of mental greatness We tried again and again to fix our thoughts 0: the manifestation of one solitary trait of politic! character that would justify his thus early thrusl Sag himself forwaid lora post of political trusi Bat in vain.-Ballaarat Times. ERRATUM.-Au error occurs iu our yes terday's report of the proceedings at the Suprem Court, which we hasten to rectify. Under th leading of " new barrister," Mr. Samuel Barto ig stated to have been admitted ; it should hav been Mr. Samuel II. Bindon. CIURGE OF STEALING.-John Mills wa brought up at the City Court yesterday, charge .with stealing n watch, the property of Henr Smith, boarding-house keeper, Little Collin street. The prosecutor stated that on Tuesda morning the prisoner came to see a man vili lodged at the house. He remained there aboi half an hour, and then he and tho lodger w« eut together. As soon as they had left, Smltl missed the watch, whioh was kept hanging ov< the mantelpiece in one of the rooms. The pr soncr had gone into the Black Boy Inn, an thither ho was followed by the prosecutor, wl gavo him in charge. Detectivo White hu searched the prisoner, but had not discovered an property whatever. The lodger was called, be affirmed that he know nothing of the matte and, as he had lived for some time in the hous and had borne a good character, he was not su pected of collusion. As the evidenco was ti tally insufficient to convict, the prisoner was di charged. PORTLAND MKOHANICS' INSTITUTK Wo reported in our last impression the meetin of Saturday evening last, in connection with ti Mechanics' Institute. On Monday evening meeting of members of the old institute an others was held pursuant to advertisement in th Old Lamb Inn. Tho object in view was to con pleto proceedings for re-establishing the Meehi nies'Institute of Portland, by enrolling intem wig members as members of the old institut Mr. Claridge was called to the chai Mr. Crouch then read the rules of the old ii itituto j from which' it appeared that the ral respecting the admission of members nore sue that, were these adhered to in tho present ii stance, considerable delay would bo the result : enrrjing out the object of the present meetin A motion was therefore made by Mr. Crouc seconded by Dr. Allison, and carried unar mously, " That for the present, the rules of ti institution be considered inoperative, an this meeting proceed at once to receive ti names of members." Members to ti number of twenty seven wcro enter« on the spot. It was then proposed by Mr. Ha-i kins, and seconded by Mr. Hill, "That ti members now proceed to the election of offic bearers of the fnBtitution." Some discussion e sued, after which an amendment was proposi by Mr. Fitzgerald, and seconded by Mr. Crouc " Tint a provisional committco ol cloven mer hers, five to form a quorum,' bo nppolntcd to dra np rules and regulations for the society, whii rules shall be submitted for tho sanction of public meeting to be called not later than ti first of next month." On putting from the elia first tho amendment, and thon tho origin motion, the ampudment was declared to I «arrled. Che following gentlemen «ero the appointed on the provisional committee : Messrs Hawkin», Hearne, Pethers, MIMI Crouch, Claridge.jMills, Stock, Hill, I'ifj-geral »ud Wj att. A vote of thank» to the clmlrini terminated the proceedings.-Fortland Gua diax. THF GOLD-FIELDS OF TUE OVENS DIS- ¡ TRICT -During the last week many rumors have boen afloat respecting the new diggings on the Woolshed Crcok ; and as eomo of, tjio reports might, if uncontradietcd, be likely to mislead the credulous, we .have) takfnusomo pains to ascertain the true sint^ol] tho, case. It is by np means true, as has been cuirently asserted, that £1000 worth of the precious metal was taken out of one hole in a day. Doubtless the Woolshed diggings offer sufficient inducement to enterprising miners to try their fortune on nevv ground; , and, as far. as we are able to lenrn, those who are at work are doing very well indeed Thh.gs appear to be rather dull at the. new rush on Spring Creek, Many aro leaving for the Three-mile Creek, which lias turned out ,vory well indeed lately. -The population on .this portion of the gold-fiold is likely to be greatly augmented, Jnvconscquencc of the favor- able reçorts that doily reach U3. With regard to the main out stations, viz., Snake Valley, Yackan dandah, the Buckland, and Beiel's Crcok, wo have little or nothing to communicate, the re-, ports from these localities varying only in very trifling respects from those received last week. Wo haye, been informed by a very crcdit blc witness, that the population on Sandy Creek is about fifty working-men, sorao of whom have done, and aro still doing, a first-rate stroke of business, He states that, to his certain know lodge, as much as £2000 worth of gold had been taken out of one claim, which was afterwards deserted ; since which timo another party has set in to work the same hole, and has already taken out seventeen pounds,of gold : the owners are, at the present'time», earning at the rate of eight ounces and a half per man per week A tempo rory lull has taken placo in the gaieties of the district ; only, however, to bo revived with re- newed vigor on the anniversary of the. Queen's birthday. Every one is in a state of uncertainty as to the measures that may be adopted for car- rying out the provisions of the Gold Export Duty Billi but, as yet, wo believo that the officials are ¡in a state of glorious uncertainty as to the course to bo followed.-Ovens and Murray Advertiser. TITE LITERARY AN»/ SCIENTIFIC INSTI- TUT-, BEECHWORTH.-The importance of educa- tion is so universally acknowledged, that any arguments to urge its necessity would he simply supererogatory. There are, nevertheless, many who, from habit or thoughtlessness, imngine that education ceases so soon as the pupil shall have been released from the finishing school, or the restraint of college lectures; but this idea is most erroneous. The human mind is naturally inquisitie, and possesses an innate hankering after knowledge, either for good or evil; and, moreover, will always find means for gratifying the appetite. There is, a trite saying that o youth's education commences after leaving school, and this, to a certain extent, is true ; bul it should not, on that account, be received as s reason for neglecting what is of paramount im portance,-the early cultivation of intellect-and which is, in fact, the foundation whereon the stability of the superstructure must depend Among the many useful and admirable institu tions that adorn the present age, stands promi- nently forward that of the Literary and Scientific Association. From the happy idea that first gave hirth to this scheme, succeeding gener ations will reap advantages of so great a magni tude, as to be far beyond calculation With these' remarks, we preface the gratifying announcement that, through the praiseworthy exertions of a few men, sincerely interested in the welfare of their fellow towns men, tho embryo of a Literary and Scientific In stitute has been formed at Beechworth, which we confidently expect will ere long, ripen into i very creditable maturity, and be ultimately the means of spreading incalculable benefits through out the whole district. At a public meeting held for the purpose, a code ot by-laws wa agreed to, and the amount of subscription fixée at £1 per quarter, and 10s entrance-fee. The rules, we are given to understand, now lie for signature by intending members, at the office o Mr. Westfield, the hon, secretary, Ford street Beechworth ; and a meeting for the purpose o making further preliminary arrangements, is ti take place at the Assembly Rooms, Ford-streef on Wednesday next. We earnestly recommend the public to support this valuable institution and as -there may be some who might require further particulars regarding the nature of the scheme, we shall take an early opportunity of en larging on the topic.- Ovens and Murray Adver User. 