THE HEW CEMETERY AT ALBERT TOWN. A meeting of nearly one hundred of the inhabitants of Queenstown and Alberton was held on Thursday evening, Augost 30th, at the Albert Hotel, Alberton, for the purpose of taking into consideration the injuries to health and property winch the late opening of the Cemetery in front of the Albert Hotel would occasion, if net speedily abandoned. Captain Scott was called to the chair. The CSAiBMAif referred to the interment which had lately been made in front of the building in which they were assembled, observing that a Cemetery in that situa tion would certainly depreciate the value of property in tbe neighbourhood, and endanger the health ofthe in habitants. It appeared to him likely that in dry wea ther the sand would drift away, and the bodies be left uncovered.? Those who had bought land in Alberton or in Queenstown should not suffer such a nuisance to be established; and tbe meeting should therefore con sider the propriety of preventing further interments being made on the ground where one had unexpectedly appeared. Mr. Cbaigve was of opinion that the Governor should be memorialized to prevent further interments being made there or in the old Cemetery, from which in summer a very unpleasant smell "was borne over to Queenstown by the northerly winds. It should not be forgotten that there were 6,000 inhabitants in the two townships near it, and that the number of interments which the mortality among the settled inhabitants in those townships and at the Port would occasion would he much increased by natural, and more by accidental, deaths among the ship ping; and, further, that the putrid state of bodies when recovered from the river several days after death, occa sioned by drowning, greatly calculated to engender disease if buried in sandy ground and in the midst of a populous district. The Chaiemait aid not understand-that they were assembled to consider whether the Cemetery was objec tionable or not. Before that subject could be fairly en tertained, a public meeting should have been called, that both sides of the question might be fairly stated. Many of those interested in the present Cemetery would most probably attend such a meeting, and give some useful information on the subject, Mr. James—Tko6e who propose to do away with the present Cemetery should name some more suitable and available place. Mr. Fags proposed the following motion:— " That theCemcteryhitherto in use is sufficient for the present, and that interments should not be allowed oat side its boundary." Mr. Cbaigee proposed as an amendment "That measures should betaken to prevent further interments in the old Cemetery, or in the one lately opened, as the situation of one and the other is most objectionable for sanitary and other reasons." The amendment was lost, and the original proposition carried by a large majoify. The CHAiaatiir—Those vrbo have built near the old Cemetery since it was opened should have foreseen the disadvantages of their situation, and have nowno right to complain.; bat those who purchased land and built houses near the new Cemetery before it was allotted for such a purpose have a right to protest against the crea tion of such a nuisance at their doors. Mr. IS. G. Collotsoh believed th?-t there was no necessity for establishing another Cemetery where the first interment had lately been made, as a larger space than that at present in use as a burial-ground before the Bev. Mr. Bayfield's residence was originally devoted to that purpose, and would be available whenever re quired. He would propose— " « nriWfp Trifwhnff . That a public meeting be convened for the 11th of September, at the Albert Hotel, to take into considera tion the impropriety of establishing a new Cemetery on the ground in front of the Albert Hotel, where one inter ment has already been made.*' Tills proposition was unanimously carried. Capt. Tapwh: had heard that the clergyman in whose charge the present Cemetery was refused to permit burials there unless lie was allowed to read tlie burial service in each case. Mr. James felt that the subject before the meeting was one of great importance, and that they should ap proach it with proper preparation and great precaution. As a preparatory measure they should appoint a Com mittee, who would announce at the general meeting on what terms and for what purpose the ground had been granted which had been Lately opened as. a Cemetery. Without such information-they would still only grope in the dark. Such information might, lie believed, be ob : tained from the Colonial Secretary. He therefore pro posed that the Chairman, Captain Tapley, and Mr. Page be appointed a Committee for that purpose.. Mr. JPcrcrasT seconded the proposition, and it was carried unanimously. Messrs. Mockridge, Pinckncy, and Craigie were after wards nominated as a second Committee, whose business it would be to look out for some available rite which would he more suitable for a cemetery, if the body in possession of the one lately opened were obliged or would consent to abandon it. After this, Mr. Coixtsson proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman in very complimentary terms, and Mr. James seconded it, observing that much praise was due to Captain Scott for the readiness with which he also came forward and lent his assistance where public in terests were concerned. This motion having been unanimously carried, the meeting broke up. Cobonee's Inquest.—At the Hope Inn, Hmdmarsh, yesterday, the Coroner held an inquest on the body of Margaret Foley, the widow of a man who was killed on the Port-road about eight months ago. It appeared that deecased, who had contracted very intemperate habits, and was frequently subject to delirium tremens, was found 'that morning with her throat cut, and in such a hopeless condition as to be beyond re covery, although the attendance of Dr. Mortimer was remarkably prompt. The ovidences of suicide were sufficiently conclusive, and the verdict of the Jury attri buted the act to temporary insanity. The ship Queen of the West, which cleared at Boston, Mass., a fortnight since (says is late English paper), for San Francisco, California, had all her berths taken np. Among the-passengers were several ypnng ladies. A gentleman wishing very much to take a passage in the ship, found there was no room fbr- him, except by marrying one of the young ladies, which he accordingly did; and the berth.^jrhich was to be cccnpied by the young lady wfflriowbe filled np (we hope) by a happy couplet Gawi.ee Town Bah-wa*.—The Salisbury Station-house, a handsome and commodious building, is completed. The earthwork is in progress on both sides of the Little Para. Salisbury Post-Ofitce.—The residents of this populous and rising township complain bitterly of the utter neglect of their convenience evinced by the Post-Office authorities. Though the mail arrives regu larly every evening at the Little Para, only two miles distant, no arrangement is made for its delivery atSalis brny more than throe times weekly. They state that they have made repeated applications ou the sub ject at the General Post-Office, hnt can com mand no attention. It certainly seems strange that a settlement so thriving, so full of business, and so near to Adelaide, should be without a drily post, and we understand that there would be no difficulty in arranging with some respectable resident to take charge of the office, and to letch the letters every evening from the Little Para. Concert of Sacred Music.—-The North AdelrideChoralSoriety'ssecondquartcrly concert of sacred music was performed ou Monday evening, at Nesles's Exchange, King William-street, under the patronage of J. B. Neales, Esq, late member for North Adelaide, and of J. Hall, Esq, the Mayor. Performances of the works of the most celebrated composers of sacred music have hitherto been of such rare occurrence in South Australia, as to render the concert of Monday more than ordi narily attractive; but the attendance was not so large as had been anticipated. This was in part owing to the threatening aspect of the weather, hut more, per haps, to the all-absorbing effects of the political questions which just now engross the public mind. The programme included no fewer than fifteen pieces of music. Amongst the choruses, which were most effec tively performed, may he mentioned those included in Kent's welt-known anthem, "Blessed be Thou," the "Cherubim Chorus," from Handel's Dettingen To Deum, and "The Heavens are Telling," from Haydn's Creation. The chorus from Dr. Arnold's Arts xerxes was also performed with a degree of accu racy which could scarcely have been expected con sidering the circumstances under which the concert hod been produced. About one-half of the performers are not members of the Society, and consequently had not the same advantages from rehearsal as were enjoyed by the Society's members. Of the several solos, ducts, Ac, performed upon this occasion, we can scarcely speak too highly. Miss Chalker sang twice dnring the evening, and was as usual received with hearty rounds of applause. We think we never heard her to greater ad vantage. Her performance of the first solo, "The Life of our Saviour," was remarkable for pathos and depth of feeling, and her chaste and beautiful rendering of tha solo, "In Verdure Clad," from Haydn's "Creation," drew forth an earnest encore. The same compliment was paid to the lady amateur, who, in the second part, sang Mozart's " Farewell." The performance of Glover's sola and quartette, "Charity," was also extremely good, and fully appreciated by the audience^ as mani fested by a call for its repatition. We may mention among the other performers who acquitted themselves with much credit, and whose exertions added in no small degree to the success of the concert. Miss 1'etfman, Mrs. Poole, Messrs. Daniel, Chapman, Cobbin, Herr Kunze, and, in general, the Instrumen- talists connected with the South adelnirtp Society. It is gratifying to perceive that the two societies are disposed to fraternize, and not to stuid forward as rivals. We hope the friendly feeling now eristmgmay long continue. We understand that it is the intention of the North Adelaide Society to confine itself exclusively to the cultivation and performance of sacred music, and, as far as the funds at its disposal will permit, to procure from England the standard works of the great masters, with full orchestral accompaniments. We are sure that so long as the Society is conducted with a view to tins end, it will never want adequate support from the public of South Australia. Before dosing notice, we may mention that one of the pieces performed last evening—"Oh, could wc soar!"—is the production of one of the members of the Society. It is simple in its style, and original in its structure. The object of tha composer appears to have been to express, in musical language, the conceptions which fill the mind on a con templation of the stupendous works of creation, as em bodied in the language of the poet— " All thought is lost, all reason drowned In this immense survey; Wc cannot fathom the profound, Nor trace Jehovah's way." Theatbical.—Mr. Griffin, the energetic caterer tor public amusement, has returned by the White Swan with the company engaged for him by Mr. J. H. Vinson in Melboure. Among the long list of en gagements which appears in Mr. Griffin's adver tisement, will be seen the name of Miss Graham, the young lady who made such a favourable im pression on her appearance here sometime ago under the auspices of Mrs. Andrews. Miss Graham has daring her absence visited Hobart Town and Melbourne, ana her increasing success indicates a -careful cultivation of her great natural ability. Of the other members of the corpt contemporary criticism has reported most favourably; and notwithstanding the trifling drawback of the non-arrival of a new and elegant wardrobe, wa doubt not we shall have a spirited histrionic campaign. Among the many novelties provided for the entertain ment of our citizens, the performances of Miss Quinn, the jnvenile actress so celebrated in Sydney and Mel bourne, will not, we are assured, be least in point of interest or attraction. The following are the names of the ladicB and gentlemen composing tbo new corpt iramaliqaeMiss Graham, Mies K. Murray, Miss E. Murray, Mrs. Downey, nlw. Qulm>, Mossm, J. JL Vinson, B. H. Cox, J. Downey, B. H. Walsh, G. Huon, and the celebrated jnvenile performer Mies Anna Marid Quinn. Mr.N. L. Griffin, the spirited lessee and manager, opened bis theatrical campaign on Wednesday night under most favourable auspices. The house was crowded to the ceiling, and the utmost credit is due to Mr. Griffin for the arrangements that were made to secura comfort and maintain order. The performances com menced with Bulweris celebrated drama of " The Lady of Lyons"—a great favourite with English playgoers—and which, by its numerous passages of flnc poetry and ge nuine feeling, rarely Q")" to excite the livelie.t interest and emotion. The period selected for the development of the plot is the early years of the first andmost brilliantsoc cesses of the French republic. The following is an outline of the chief incidents of the play:—One Clauds Melnotte (Mr. B. II. Cox), a peasant by birth, bat a gentleman by education, and animated with those lofty aspirations which make "ambition virtue," becomes passionately enamoured with Pauline (Miss Graham), the beautiful and accomplished daughter of Moas. Desehappelles (Mr. Charles Walsh), a rich and flourishing merchant of Lyons. Mons. Beanscant (Mr. Oscar Huon), the son of a Marquis, and possessed of considerable wealth, is also in love with Pauline. He makes an offer of mar riage, and is rejected. Unaware of what hae taken place, Claude Melnotte ventures " to pour his worship into poetry," and with bright dreams of the future, scuds the verses to the object of Ids adoration. The letter containing this treasure is regarded as a most outrageous piece of impertinence by the lady to whom it was addressed, and the messenger, for carrying it, is rewarded by a thrashing from the hands of a lackey. Whilst the hero of the play is burning with indignation at this heartless insolence, Beanscant, who is in a per fect fever of mortification at being refused by a mer chant's daughter, accidentally learns the secret of Clrude Melnotte, and, with the aid of his friend Glavis (Mr. J. I T. Downey), by way of revenge for the slight that has been passed upon him, hits upon the novel strata gem of supplying Claude Mcluottc with . all the means and appliances necessary to enable him to appear as a foreign Prince, and in that disguise to induce Pauline to become his wife. Jn an evil hoar Claude Melnotte foils a victim to his tempter, and swears to carry out a contract which is then and there made. The plan succeeds, and, as the Prince of Como, Claude Melnotte leads the lady of his love to the altar. The mask is then thrown oflj and the deception which tui3 been practised becomes painfully apparent to Pauline, who in a paroxysm of wounded pride upbraids' her husband for the baseness of his conduct. He is stung with remorse, and, by way of atonement, declares the marriage to have been " a bond of fraud," and, consequently, by the laws of France, made null and void. Pauline is then restored to her parents, and Claude Melnotte enlists cs a soldier in the French army, in a regiment under the com mand of Colonel (afterwards General) Dam as (Mr. J. H. Vinson). Whilst Claude is winning.glory oil the field of battle, and rising higher ond higher in the ser nee, the affairs of the rich merchant of Lyons become seriously embarrassed, until at last bankruptcy stares lum iu the face. Talon? advantage of this chanse of fortune, Bcauseant once more becomes a suitor for the bond of Pauline, to purchase which he pledges himself to save the merchant's honour, Pauline struggles be tween lore and duty, and finally agrees to save her father by sacrificing herself. On this day, however, Clauds Helnottc, now Colonel Morier, returns with his friend. General Mamas, to Lyons. They contrive to be present at the ceremony, which is about to take place, and when the nuptial contract is about to be signed, Colonel Morier throws off his disguise, outbids the sordid huckster, Bean seant, and in a moment Pauline is in her lover's arms. These are the principal incidents in the play, and, as will be perceived, offer considerable scope for the powers of the actor. Of the perfumers last night we are happy to have it in our power to speak most favourably, MisiL. Graham, a young ac'ress of much promise, and who lias considerably unproved since her last appearance was seen to advantage in Pauline, which she interpreted in - the main with more ability than we could have expected at her hands. She possesses a charming free, a graceful figure, and a sweet voice, and only requires practise to make her a great ornament to the Australian boards, Claude Melnotte found an able representative in Mr. Cox; who, with one or two exceptions; evinced a thorough conception of bis author. In the more startling soenes of the play he was frequently and most vociferously applauded. Mr. Oscar Unon made a good Beanseant; ana Mr. J. T. Downey, an exceedingly Sever performer, a better Glavis. Mr. J. H. Tinson was blunt and racy in the Old Genera], and the other characters were also very respectably sustained. At the conclusion of the play Miss Graham and Mr. Cox were loudly called for, and made their appearance before the curtain amidst great" applause: The evening's entertainments were brought to a close hv the " Spectre Bridegroom," the performance of which kept the house in'a continual roar of laughter. The Dickory of.Mr. Downey was capital, and waa re- . ceivcd with constant tributes ofittpplanse. The other performers deserve to be veiy well mentioned. Alto gether we have great pleasure hi congratulating our * fellow-citizens upon the excellent entertainments now grcpared for them; and we feel certain that if what we ave witnessed to-nightmay be regarded as a fair sample of what maybe expected for the future, Mr. Griffin nor . his company will have any cause to complain in conse quence of having hoisted the Thespian banner In Ade laide. The next performance will take plaoe on Friday, when Tobin's celebrated comedy of "The Honeymoon" will be produced. The Theatre.—There was a good attendance last evening at the Theatre, and Tobin's comedy of the . " Honeymoon," judiciously compressed into three acta, was exceedingly well played, and elicited repeated rounds of applansc. Mr. Cox, as Duke Aronra, boautiMiy em bodied the poet's idea, and hi the various situations of * the princely woer, the pretended peasant, the domestic disciplinarian,and the affectionate bat self-respecting hus band, almost seduced the'spectator into the feeling that a romance of real life, and not apiece of stage mimicry, was passing before him. Miss Graham was, as usual, graceful and pleating in her performance; a Utile more dignity, perhaps, in the proud -and wayward beauty, sad a little more ffeding in the • sobdoed and affectionate wile. wonld makc .Mlsn Graham's Juliana all that could be desired. / Downey, as Jacques, was irresistibly oomic,'and in fant ine piece was, as we have said, well "played. jMr. C. Walsh was enoored in his song of " The World Ison the Move," and the force of the "Ghost In spite of himself" 1' on Wednesday xdghi; the house -In » xokr U ~~ its performance. - lit was announced thatJHa J ana lady HacDomieU will honogr^theffheitre ..»»««» . 