PICKINGS FROM PUNCH. TWO KINGS AND TWO r/»m«TR11!S. Foes iaHnu, when sword*were swajing in th« pnih of battle: ?? v.V Foes in arts, when pens were weighing claims with critic untile: Foes in trade, at every haten, Jack 'gainst Triwlo ir; Foes in habits, in the leaves of their lives, all o'er : France and England, foea no longer, hand in hand are duping: '.??'?? ?...*- For their ancient feud the stronger be that tardy gnu Ping! . . ? Bells from out a hundred steeples clash their gladsome While thec&Je;& of two great peoples join io friendly meeting. Thick within my brain are clustering dim historio faucles Of ourTIenry, bluff and blustering, kissing liquorish Frandij ?. , \ ??'???? While the Cardinal, prime mover of those puppets royal. By Anne Boleyn's broad-back's lover reart his brow dis loyal ?' What are our shows for the million to that gorgeous scene, In the carved and gilt pavilion, on the pblnof Oulroef P Plate, and cloth of gold and arras— fountains ronninjr wine Gem* that hungry eyes embarrus with their changing shine; While, amid those blazing splendours— cynosure* of Hove the Kings, with their defenders, proper men and Brandon. Dorset, Katcliffe, Neville, Capel, and Carew, England s champions in the revel, and the tilt-yard too; ' St Pol, Montmoreney, Biron, Flcuranges, and Com* mines, Lusty sires, ia silk or iron brave alike of mien. Meteor-like in trailing scarlets Wolscy rides along, While Lords, proud to serve as virleU, at his stirrup throng In old time, 'twos in such journeys, with their pomp and pride, Masques and mumming*, jousts and tourneys, kings, not countries vied. In the persons of their princes nations then were known ; What of light that time evinces shines from round the throne. Of the people— of their willing, working, Buffering— nought 1 Good for taxing, they, or killing, while kings spent or fought. Times are changed. Nor mask nor tourney gilds our sober days ; Kings, like common folks, must journey by the iron ways. For our Queen, of outward honour make we imall ado; Yet splendour waits upon 1 cr bluff Hal never knew. With n» shows nor pageants pressing round her though she move. She has gems— a people's blessing ; she has guards — their love. In their Sovereigns' courteous meeting France and Eng land share. Tho nations aro repeating vows the monarohs swear. THE AUlEUi OF DUFFY. Mr. Duffy hai taken farewell of Ireland; and proposes to go to Australia, there, like the hunted ostrich, to hide bis head in the bush 1 THE CRICKET ON THE MORMON'S HEABTH. We learn from the Neie York Herald that the cricket* and grasshoppers are devouring up, «nd serve them right, the Mormons of Utah. That grasshopper! will devour men, nay whole families alive, is a fact not to be denied by any one who will consider tbe doings of tbe Gresham grasshopper at the Stock Exchange. How many a broker has that grasshopper nibbed to bits, singing the wliile, and the Bow bells ringing music to the least 1 In like manner, the Mormons were chewed up in the Illinois in 1810, devoured — say the account* — ' by the crickets; great goggle-eyed, crook-legged, bottle-bodied monsters. They are more than a match for tho oriental white ant, that in a night will leave the bonea of an elephant as clean as a domino. Most appalling aro tho accounts of tlis ravages of, these monster crickets on tho hearths of the Moimons. Cradle*, with half- a-dozen babes in them at night, are found empty in the morning. And a doting and incomparable husband— tho spouse of 11 wives at dewy eve— finds himself Bcven timci a nridower at sunrise. It is said, and we give the fact as a ivarninp to all about to emigrate to marry at the Salt Lake, that the crickets have a preference for wives: sarrying half-a-dozen off from under one roof, ana levouring them to a music of their own, and that may ta set to the old words of—' Plenty moro where they :ome from.' WONDERS OF THE VICTORIAN AGE. Our gracious Queen— long may she fill her throno— Has been to ice Louis Napoleon. The Majesty of England — bless her heart 1 — lias cut her mutton with a Bonaparte; And cousin Germans have survived th; view Of Albert taking luncheon at St. Cloud. [n our joaag days we little thought to see Such legs t)treiqbed,ander Buc1' mahogany ; That British. royalty .would ever share At a Frenoh'palace French imperial fare: Nor eat— as we should have believed at school— Tbe croaking tenant of the marshy pool. At the TroU Friret wo had not feasted then, As we have since, and hope to do again, fhis great event of course could uot take place Without fit prodigies for such a - ase : Tho brazen pig-tail of Kitg George the Third Thrice with a horizontal motion etirr'd Then rose on end, and stood fo all day long. Amid the cheers of an admiring throng. In every lawyer's office Eldon shed From plaster nose threo heavy 'drops of red. Bach statue, too, of Pitt turn'd up the point Of its proboscis— waB that out of joint!1 Whilst Charles James Fox's grinn'd from car to car, And Peel's emitted frequent criea of 'Hear !' A SrittlTUAL WEEKLY TAPEB. The Spiritual Telegraph is a New York paper, worth, ;t woula seem, many a rap. In South Nuggctsou, how jver, Vermont Stato, there are ' weekly papers' edited ind got up wholly by spiritual management ! Wo aro told that a Mr. and Mrs. Merrill of that enlightened place have, like Jeptha, a daughter— that is, a medium laughter. 'They havo an interesting medium in tho person of their own daughter, 15 years old, through whom eo lumei have been written.' Written, doubtless, on tallest foolscap, and bound in thickest calf. But this is nothing. 'They receive 'weekly papers printed in imitation of type, and edited by angeli ;' and they havo ' sheets written by invisible hand* in red and block ink,' though they have ' no red i tk in the hotue, and never Lad any.' They have seen the spirit-hand which wrote these, 6ecn spirit, lights, and bad many other demonstrations of spiritual presence.' That papers should be edited by angels proves that the printer's devil has, at least in Vermont State, been altogether superseded, Now, by what means da these angels write? With sunbeams? or with quills, plucked and nibbed from their own wings ? that may, In somo measure, account for the redness of tbo ink. As for Kit 'Spirit-bond,' we can easily imagine what BOrt of hand this must be, Mr. Punch having, ui his varied experience, often ecen the surt of hand, of exactly tbe same crooked * pattern, held up in the dock of tho Old Bailey. Mr. Punch can, in his own person, almost believe in tho pos sibility of an angel of an editor; but how about an angel of a penny-a-liner P Who is to swallow him t BOMBARDSIEKT OF SWEABOBG. [From tbe Invulnerable Rune.'} A supplement to the above journal contains the fol lowing despatches from the commander of Sweaborg. They are dated 29th of July (otherwise August 10). The enemy's fleet, consisting of ISO ship* of the line, 120 mortar-boat?, nnd 230 gunboats, anchored at 0 a.m., and opened fire. They tired fiom 600 to 620 shots a minute, but with no effect. 2.40 after midnight.— The fire of the enemy has be come so heavy that three inortn -boats havo been shat tered to pieces by the recoil, V-e crew of which were picked up by tho boat* of the ships of tho linn. The enemy has already lost 12,000 shells. 5.66 a.m.— A shell has fallen upon a Knlrlt shop, and the conflagration of 20 hogsheads of rakl is, tbe conte quence/Nothing can exceed tho enthusiasm of our -rave soldiery, who burn for the hour of vengeance. 8.15 o.m.— A rocket has juat entered a chemist'* and an explosion followed. The chemist's unfortunately ad orning an oil rnd pickle shop, tho flames have spread. 'Flte conduct of our troops ia excellent. 10.25 a.m.— A shell has burst in a barrel of tar, in dose proximity to a powder-magazine. The impending destruction was stayed by the heroic Bombadlcr Waghisownchinoff, who flung hitns elf into the burning mass, and at the cost of his own life, and with incrcdiblo coolness, extinguished it, His ashes have been pre served, and, duly enshrined in an urn of platina, will be dedicated to St. Andrew. ,j 12.30 p.m.— The enemy has brought up all his boats, ?but, thanks be to St. Nicholas, has dono nothing of con sequence. 1 p.m. — A Inclfer match manufactory caught fire, but the flames have been extinguished by a milkmaid (name not given). 2 p.m.— The enemy havo withdrawn all their «bip», mortar- boats, and gunboats that hare escaped. All our batterie* are consolidated in their foundation* by the thunder of the enemy. CasualUee.-'-Onc Cossack missing. RABELAIS IN THE CRIMEA. How Edbelait, in the Itland of Sound, did anatomue and dctcribe the great beatt Sttiion. As for the inward and outward ports, or closecabinet down-with-the-opposition development*, of the great beast Session, they were pretty much as follow*: — His head was like a barber's block stuffed with wool sacks. His brain was made of addled egg* and Vienna diplomacy. His neck, of a gallows of public opinion. His shoulder*, of other people'* work. His arms, of doing nothing all the week, and no beer on Sundays. His hair, of a Brougham-stick. His chest, of a Chancellor of the Exchequer and a breviary. Bif heart, of a leather (trap. Hi* conscience, of an India-rubber purse. His legs, of the knaves of club*. Hi* feet, of other men'* shoes. Hi* toe*, of a treadmill for young thieves. His teeth, of opera ivories. Hi* gums, of red tape. His tongue, of the ghost of chaos. Hi* fingers, of a banker's trowel. His nails, of clenches. His eyes, of blind poppies; His ears, of other men's wit. His smelling apparatus or note, of rats and Thames water. A continuation of Session's countenance, poiture making, and manner of behaving : — When he opened his month, tbe troth was rtnt up In a box. When he prayed, it was new bishops and Kentish rag- ? tone. When he ' fixed his eye,' it was ' bull'*' fixing* and ?miles. When he told the truth, the birds fell off the trees when yon shook them. When he was in a fighting humour, coals went to New casile and came back again. . When he vat religions, it was raw lobitcrs and wooden staves. When he dined, it was off iklnned eel*. When be gave an alma, it w the nnaaow or s (Kinnta flint. When he fought, it was with spiked guns and broken pickaxe*. When he made peace, it was soft sawder and place. When he gave promotion, it was weak bind* and When he listened, it was catching the sails of wind mills. When he was free to confess, it was vested inteieita andyounger sons. - When he divided, it was woodcutter's splinters. When he yawned, it was common sense out of the windows. When ha laughed, it was widow* and wounded sol« diem. When he diplomatized, it was bottles at a prize-fight. When he amended, it was flies walking on their backs. When he felt truly sorry, it was tenpenny nails in pound of Westminster butter. When be rose to order, it was confusion in seven- iesgns boots. When he expressed hi* opinion, it was bosh helping bunkum to escape. When he was tired, it was other men'* tight boots and used-up sitting*. When he was at work, it was cobwebs and comroU lions. When he had done doing nothing, it was grouse $ai skylarks.. ... . When he came in, it was sackcloth and ashes. When hejreat out,' it was church bell* and smiles, ,? When re came to an end itws* another badbeginnuiy , 