EXTRACTS 'FROM' EUROPEAN PAPERS: MT}.. JOHN fiOTiaH. Mr. Gough is certainly a man of no ordinary stamp. .One of the most thrilling and impasf' sioned orations was delivered to an immense audience in the City Hall, on Wednesday evening, under the 'presidency of ex-Bailie George - Smith, Esq. His oratory, indeed, is not of that highest order which belongs only to those master-spirits whose destiny it is to mould, after their own likeness, the age in which they . live, and to leave the impress of their geinus oh all after time. It wants mtel lectuality, method, logical connection, force of thought, and artistic development of argument Nevertheless, there are unquestionably ele ments of power in the orations of Mr. Gough which sufficiently explain his great popularity — :the eager, enthusiastic plaudits which inva riably greet his appearance on the platform. — His oratory embodies an intensely human ele ment. Ho lias vnsL susceptibilities of feeling, keenest sympathy for all the varied modifica tions of human suffering, a powerful iniagina B tion, throu gh whi ch he bodies forth, to the coucep g| tion of his audience, the appalling scenes which IS liavecomeunderhisporsonal observation and the HI indelible impressions left by those scenes; thus BB appealing; irresistibly to the most uncultured HB minds, the rudest bosoms ; and awakening in the g| . universal heart of that atrested multitude, vehe ml ? ment emotions, now of wonder, now of pity, now BB of intensest scorn, and now of bitterest indigna m tion. * - Wa In the hands of -Mr. Gough. the question is not w argued. His orations are unequalled pictorial re g| '* presentations of the horrors of drunkenness '; and jjS this treatment of the subject exhibits discrhnina « uun uii.Liiu pare 01 me hcivocuu:. it uoes nas re gK q'uire argument. Our conclusions are foregone : Era nothing can add to. or detract from, their force. |H Mr. Gongh knows this : and his object is to awaken H the sensibilities of men--to make thorn feel as wB well as understand : and- through an intense JH realisation of (.lie horrors' which he so vividly m delineates, force them to the adoption of such ||i measures as shall finally exterminate- this porten M tous evil. . , . , . . ' |I Wo are of those who believe. iii, what is somc §3 'mas questioned, ths sincerity of Mr. Gough. To HI us lie appears. a man. thoroughly hi earnest: and Wt if any of our readers have not yet heard him, we HI advise them, in all goodfaith, to go to the City Wa Hull this afternoon,1 and listen to what we promise H| them will certainly be a noblc-heartcd and spirit ||i stirHrig address. m Russian Comiijptio'n. — Tho excessive corrup |h tion of the Russian officials of all grades, not H| ? only in the civil but in the military service, is Hj notorious. In travelling through the country |H we heard of it on every side ; and it also often H| became painfully visible in the persons of the |H poor soldiers, reduced to more shadows of the HJ serfs who surround them, however badly the H| latter might have fared. AVe noticed this even |H at thu camp of Krasno Selo, under the very eye H of the emperor; and, as we receded far from m the Imperial ken, it was often saddening to see 11 the moving skeletons, on whom the great coata 11 hung like the garment of searcroWs, consisting H of paletots suspended on poles. It will easily m . be understood that where this corruption is ; m universal it becomes utterly impossible for one m man to eradicate it., however much he may desire HI to do so. Should he appdii to the general, no |I information can be gained ; for this officer is H the chief delinquent. The colonel, too, has iiuu ina einiiu ; uiusu 01 lower ranic men picic ings; and if the juniors have not yet tasted the sweets of peculation, they look forward with hope to the happy moment when they too may help themselves. Thus, all are interested in aiding and abetting each other, and in con cealing the truth from the higher power. Ta8te» of the Emtbuss Eugenie. — Speaking of the extravagance of the present fashions in Paris, a correspondent of that city writes :r ' The young Empress, whether justly ornot/ is generally considered to have set the fashion' for this rage for novelty, and it is certain that she Surrounds herself with the richest and most fan tastic adornments of eveiy kind. That a j'oung ami very handsome woman, placed in a position which enables her to gratify every fane}', should attach a good deal of importance to her outward ornament, that she should set oft' her beauty with the most elegant dresses and the most etherial laces, and the costliest jewels, is all very natural ; and, accordingly, in lmlfihe streets of Paris, great gilded letters let into the windows of, the most important, shops inform the passers 'that, 'her Imperial Majesty the Empress Eugenie honours* the fortunate establishment with her custom ; here for silks, there tot laces,., here again for cashmeres, for flowers, for boots, for jewellery, Und so oin But, besides her love for pretty tilings wherewith to enhance the charms of her ,own beautiful, person, she has the most costlj' and exquisite equipages, the most wonderful Arabian horses and ponies (one favourite little turn-out she drives herself), the; most miraculous furniture, and a series of boudoirs, all fitted up like so many fairy pa laces. One of them is called the ' Charm of the; Evening,' fitted up with hangings of amber satin, over which is suspended draperies of the finest lace, which; of course, has cost an enor mous, sum of itself ; another is hung with crim son : dttinosk, with . gilded cornices, and every bewitching trifle that could bo brought to gether ; a third, called ' Day's Delight' (leBon heitr, du Jour), is.hung with the richest pos sible blue silk, being pannelings of solid silver, which precious material, partly chased, partly burnished, and carved with the most consum mate art replaces the ?usual woodwork in every part of the .room, wainscot, cornice, mantel piece, window- frames, and doors, being all of this , metal; but though the apartment is as rich as the boudoir of some Oriental tale, it is ugly, heavy, and exceeding unbecom ing to the complexion.' Picture ov T.nms 'Rt.a-nit- T-r« ia no»in fit.,. foot in height (I have. hoard it stated that he was not four) formed with such symmetry that y-'U soon forget his stature. His chest lis full and fine, and hands and feet are peculiarly small. His complexion dud. hair are dark. He has a clear healthful colour, in his firm cheek. His face lias a touch of the Hebrew in it, or perhaps it is derived from the Spaniard in his blood. There is something stern at times in its aspect, but. when he smiles it wears a look peculiarly sweet. I may say it has a touching, child-like simplicity. - There is a strange tone in his voice which seems to feel about the heart as if in search of the tenderest string. It is only when you hear him in public that he di lates into the man who could sway a people, and smilingly fjld himself round with the Pa risian multitude as in a mantle. There is a strange fire in his dark eyes, and his head is a feast fora phrenologist— New York Tribune. . pExT*RAOiiwNAKY Sui'ERSTii'ioN.— An instance of the intense feelings of superstition which pervade the ignorant among our rural popula tion m the west of England occurred at North lew last week.. Some gipsies having encamped m ™6 neigborhood, one of the femalo members of the tribe ascertained from the wife of a farni labourer that she had a daughter in the last stage of- consumption. The gipsy represented that the child had been bewitched, and that she could rule the spell, which would effect a cure for two sovereigns. The mother of the child cheerfully paid the the money, but next day the wily gipsy returned it, and said that it was not sufficient, but £20 more in gold would do it. Ihe cottager's wife, in her native sim plicity, went and borrowed £10 from a iwich. bom-, and with another 10 sovereigns she had in the house, saved from her husband's earn ings, added the £20 to the £2 already in the gipsy s hands. Soon as the money was paid, the affrighted woman was bound over to secresy by the gipsy, who mumbled out a .few disjointed texts of Scripture, and left with a promise that the child would be cured on the following Friday., when an angel would app&ar; and return the money. Sincs.that time, however,' it. is- needless to add that neither gipsy nor money have turned up, although the impoverished husband and the polios have been daily on the -look-out for. the gipsy impostor' On ' Saturday last*, 'another specimen of deep roote'd supers! ition was presented within the porch of the western door at Exeter Cathedral. As the congregation were leaving. the church, a' decrepid old wownn took up a position within the- porch, bearing a begging petition, setting forth' that she had been attacked by a paralytic seizure, and had been recommended by the wise woman to get a penny each from forty single men on leaving the church, and her infirmity would by this charm be banished for ever. A Dig with a Lady's Parasol. — Punch, j'ou naughty fellow! — You laugh at our bonnets, and the funny way in which wo ladies wear them. I only wish you gentlemen would look at your own dress a little, before you think of laughing' at ours. Our bonnets after all fire not half so ugly as your hats — nasty black things, that have no more shape in them than an elephant's leg. I'm sure 1 bhould be so'rry to put the slice of a chimney- pot on my head J I wish jrou could sec yourselves — you would be a little more careful then how you go out of your way to ridicule us. As for your scarfs, also — I would sooner go barer necked than put round my throat anything half so nor.sensiccl. Why, I have seen young gentle men wear neck handkerchiefs no thicker than the ribbon we should think of putting round the neck, of a little kitten. They .'arc not half so broad as watcb ribbons. 1 declare in size they are no broader than the white satin favours we tie up wedding cake with You will be wearing your shoestrings for a neck-tie next. I will tell you what the} put me in mind of— whenever I see one of these pretty dears, I imagine lie is the favorite lap-dog belong ing' to some lady, and, has slipt his string. The next morning I expect to read in the papers an advertisement, describing, hid hair, cars, and eyes, and offering a reward of ten shillings if any .one will return him to his disconsolate mistress. Mind, these are not shop-boys — they are not lawyers clcrks, or medical students, but elegant young1 men who part their hair down the middle, indulge in the most extraordinary shirt collars, sport black stripes down their legs, and altogether pretend to some degree of taste. Then the shirt collars ! — No military stock ever strangled a poor unfortu nate soldier half so cruelly as one of these '.' all round collars' cut anil torture the unfortunate physiognomy that is locked up in it. What! if I were to direct public attention to those stupid stripes down your trowscrs? What do they mean? Are they useful? Arc they even ornamental? Is it not an affectation of the military style, -which argues that those who adopt it arc .tiny filing but military men. Must you be marked all over like a giralFo ? — need you be scored about with broad cashes like a lee oT nork ? You onlv sec those black lines on the body of a mule, and we all know that the mule is .the nearest approach to the donkey. I will not say anything more — but will simply conclude by asking you, cher P.uttohey, if- you think it is fair to attack us for anything ridiculous — the ridicule with us sinning only on the side of beauty— whilst you, gentle men, if 3-ou do sin in matters of dress, arc sure to sin on the ugly aide. I wonder you are not ashamed of yourselves. And you, Mr. P., as an admirer of our sex, as a lover of everything that is beautiful, I'm sure you ought to know Getter. Nevertheless, my dear Polichinel/t, I remain, Yours, not angry, only indignant, Emma Jane Mama Sowiia, 8tc. — Punch. LonD Derby's' Sciknoe.'— A relative to Lord Darby recently said, 'What a wonderful man my- ? -would be if ,he were not so frightfully ignorant!' Lord Derby confirms that impres sion of him among his family, who should know him best, by remarking, at Liverpool, this week, that he was educated in the pre- scientific period, and is, therefore, totally : ignorant 'of ' Science.' Lord Derby is not ashamed of his ignorance. The Tamboy story would have ruined any other public man ; Lord Derby was the first to suggest ' How the douce should I know Tam'boy wasn't a port?' He was edu cated in the pre-gcographical period, too. His notion evidently is, thnt men should not bo ex pected to keep their knowledge abreast of their time. The English peerage generally is the most ignorant class in Europe ; ' or Lord Derby would not have become premier peer. He is premier^ peer because he is so remarkably ' smart' — making up for astounding ignorance. But Lord Derby should qualify his confession as an ignoramus, by a reference to that notori ous fact. Ho did not deiine 'science;' while it is well known that ha is remarkably scientific —in his way— -as a sportsman and apofitieian. At Doncaster, last week, the course beheld the sin gular spectacle of a great jockey getting mauled, instead of caressed as he walked his winning horse trom the post to the stable. Why? He had sold, said the mob, one race to win this — lie had sold the St. Legcr cup to ' bag' this third rate handicap stakes. He was Lord Derby's jockey j and the reporter who chronicles the scene observes wilh , fine irony—' The public in dignation was -so intense' that.it was verv for-* tuiiiite Lord Derby had left the town.' Lord Derby had started by train to meet the the men of science at Liverpool. We disdain the malig nity which suggests that Lord Derby was parti cops of the ' sell' with his jockey. 'Lord Derby is chivalrous on the floor of the House of Lords. But we may remark, .without offence, the singular similarity of Dcrbyism on the turf and Derbyism on politics. Scott, the jockey, or trainer, * is a Majoi Beresford— a Stafford— a Forbes Mackenzie —in short, a Dcrbyite. ! We do not for a moment imagine that Scott could 'sell' a race; mobbed at Doncnster, he was just ' as much the victim of a coalition as was Beresford when he was kicked out of the War-office, as was Stafford when he trembled before a Committee of In quiry, as was Mackenzie when ousted from his scat for Liverpool.; These different gentle, men were, like Mr. Scott, unfortunate ; misunder stood, they were suspected— but wrongly. Of this they have given the most sacred private as surances. Yet, unfortunate Lord Derbj'-!— so chivalrous.' yet served by jockeys so suspected ! 'c shall know a man by his acquaintance, says the proverb of the pre-scicntific period ; but, if the pro verb were good for anything, interpreted in a scientific period, it might be varied in this way: — Yc shall know the acquaintance by the man. According to to the proverb, Lord Derby would be a Dcrbyite ; but the reduction of the proverb is this, that all the Derbyitcs are chival rous— which is- absurd.— When Mr. Disraeli, riding protection, won office, he escaped the fate of his colleague Scott; only Ncwdegatc, and Butt, and one or two more, mobbed him. It happened to bo the 'interest.' of the general crowd that lie should sell the agricultural stakes. But as in all these instances the Derby tactic is identical, we should be careful how we bet in Tory politics at present. Lord Derby lias entered the horse ' Protestant'1 with Mr. Disraeli's colours— shot silk— for the next Parliamentary races. There can be no doubt about that fact. We wonder what is the real aim.— Leader. \- The. Sabbath in Fiianoe.— The Sabbath question has entered upon' a new and wholly unexpected phase. While parties were agitat ing for or against the. rigid observance of the Sunday, while th© partisans of the closing movement were soliciting' the government 'to enforce their principles by legislation, and en rolling volunteers in the meantime and while the Monitour over and over again declared that the government would not interfere but would leave every individual free to act according to his conscience, a worker in those mouldy di' gings Lex Bulletins dts Lois has discovered an old edict of 1814 which enacts, in express terms, that all shops and warehouses, what soever shall be closed throughout tho Sunday under severe penalties, consisting of fine and imprisonment. This law had so completely fallen into desuetude, that the authorities had no suspicion of its existence. A tradesman of Guingamp was, however, lately tried and con victed under this edict bv t.hf. lnnnifriiMiT.nl The case was brought ' by appeal before the Court of Cassation, and that supreme court, holding that edict to be in full force, has con firmed the judgment. It now remains to be' seen whether government willv repeal this law, or act upon if,. Either alternative is beset with difficulty. The New Palaoe at ' Ba.lmoba&.— -The'new residence at present in course of erection ai. Balmoral, the progress of which' attracted i he early notice of the Queen and Prince after their arrival on Friday week, has advanced very rapidly during the summer. The last portion. of the main building, which is from 110 to 120 feet square, with a court inside, is now ready 'for being roofed. On the ground floor of the west and north sides arc the public, rooms, and over them arc the principal bedrooms and other ac commodations for the royal family. The other two sides are three stories in height, and will be reserved chiefly for the accommodation of the suite. This part of the building is intended, we believe,,to be ready for being occupied by the time of autumn. On the east side a wing is being built, seventy feet in length, and in connection with a. very prominent part of the edifice, viz., a tower of forty feet square, which will be about 80 feet high, with a circular staircase on one angle, making the height 100 feet. It will be surmounted with a flag-3laff, from which the royal standard will wave when royalty is sojourning in the north. Behind this, on a lower level, towards the river Dee, the foundations arc preparing for the kit chen, offices, and servants' accommodation, which will occupy about the same extent of ground as the main building. The house is in the baronial or old English style of architecture. The south and west fronts especially are very handsome, there being some very fine carving and moulding in the details. There arc very fine oriel windows foi the principal rooms — Queen's sitting-room,' bed-room, drcssing-room,;&c;, with turrets on the angles. The whole is to be fire-proof, according to Barett's patent. It will be understood that there are two buildings, the servants' accommo dation being distinct, the space'occupied by 'which, as before stated, being more than equal to that of the principal building. There is, besides, in the plan, a bidl-room, to supersede tho pre sent iron one, and the dimensions of this will be 00 feet by 25. 'I'he foundation of this sepo ratc building is at present being dug. Tho new erections stand about one hundred yards nearer the river than the old one, and the contractors arc under obligation to have the whole finished by the autumn of 1800. The architect is Mr. William Smith, Aberdeen, who, with the as sistance of Dr. Robertson, Prince Albert's Com missioner for Balmoral, superintends the mason work. The other contractors are — Carpenter's work, Mr. Robert Watson ; blacks'mith, Messrs, Bowman and * Co. ; plumber's work, Messrs. Blaikio and Sons ; Slater, Mr. Innes; bell hanging, Mr. M'Hardy— all of Aberdeen ; and Mr. Cubitt, of London, the hot and cold baths. The work in all the departments, as far as prac Licable, is going on simultaneously. The archi tect is at present at Balmoral. .-..'... Religious Views of the Ohinkse .Insurgents. — The Times has published an interesting arid remarkable pamphlet, just issued at Nankin by the insurgents, and translated by Mr. W- '*H. Mcdhurst. As it extends over three columns, we can do no more than state its leading features, which are thus outlined in the leading columns of our contemporary: — It seems that among the Princes of the Pretender's Court, one, styled the Eastern Prince, professes, or is considered to re ceive, Divine inspiration, and indeed it is repre sented cither figuratively, or as literal truth, that the Divinity descends from Heaven to announce his will, cither directly or through Mich medium, to the Chinese ;pcople. The narrative accord ingly purports to detail the revelations so made, and sets torth a visit of ' the Heavenly Father' in person, together with sn elaborate communi cation which the Eastern Prince Was commis sioned to deliver in the Divine name of the Ce lestial King, i.e. the Pretender himself. The commands thus --conveyed- have reference not to any doctrinal propositions or any lofty pre cepts of morality, but to the general adminis tration of the government, the management of the Court, and even the regulation of its cere monial. The officers of the Court, and ospc cially the female officers, aro to be treated' with- more indulgence and consideration ; the King is to belcss hasty and impetuous, to inflict punishment in moderation and upon reasonable grounds only, to be thoughtful in his actions, and to give, his attendants less occasion to stand in awe of him. In particular ho is en joined to bo cautious in visiting ofl'eucos with death,' and is recommended to adopt such method of proceeding in capital cases, as would leave room for investigation and pardon. Such arc the precepts for which the immediate au thority of the Divinity is claimed, and which are announced in all the awful phraseology of Revelation itself. 'As a climax, the Celestial King is represented as ascribing to tho Eastern Prince, in consideration of these communica tions, the mission and title of ' tho Comforter, even' the Holy. Ghost,' and this designation, we are told, has beoirasmiinp.rt nnnnvrlinnlv. Lady Lytton Bulwer is a regular contributor to the London Journal, and is said to write the epi grammatic ' Answevs to Correspondents.' That periodical has now attained the extraordinary cir culation of 650,000 copies per number— a fact un prccedcntcil in the trade. , It now takes more than a month to print a number. The profit upon the periodical to its proprietor,. Mr. Stiff, is about Us. per thousand— au income of about £1 2,000 derived from a literary production by a man emi nently non-literary. ' ' An Epistxh to aWatchmakeii.— Thefollowing discourse addressed by letter to a country watch maker makes much of time :— Friend John, I have sent thce my pocket clock, which greatly stands in need of thy friendly care and correction. The last time it. was at thy school it was no way reformed by thy discipline, or the least benefited thereby; for I perceive by the index of his mind that he is a liar, and his moti ins are. wavering and irregular ; his pulse is sometimes very quick, which betokeneth un uneven , temper, at other times he waxeth sluggish, '.though I frequentlj' urge him rand when he should be upon liis duty, as though knowest his usual name denotcth, I find him slumbering and sleeping ; hence lam induced to think ho is not right in his inward man. Examine him, therefore, and prove him thoroughly, that though mayest, \\-y being ac quainted with his inward frame and dis position, drive him from the errors - of liis way, and show him the path wherein he should go. I entreat thee, friend, to demean thyself on this occasion with a right judgment, according to the gift that is in thee, and approve thyself a workmati that needeth not to be ashamed; and when thou layest thy correcting hand upon him, let it not be with passion, lest by severity thou drivestliim to distraction. Do thou regulate his conduct for the time to come by the motions of the luminary that ruleth over the clay, and let him learn from that unerring guide the true cal culations of his table and the equation thereof ; and when thou sondest him ''back, with a just bill of charges, drawn out with the spirit of modera tion, it shall be duly paid, by thy true friend— Manassks Smith. ? Btsttino on. a Salmon.— A sharp contest took place lately on a northern river, between Captain ? and a salmon of considerable weight which he hooked there. A few gentlemen were sitting on the bank of the stream near the scene' of action, and,- 'by way of increasing the excite ment of the spectacle, began betting on the safe capture of the fish. One of the party, an expe ?rienced angler, estimating at a glance' the weight of the fish, and the disadvantageous spot where it must be played, opened the betting at six to one agiiinst-tlie captain, and in favor of the sal mon. The trial of strength against skill went on for a long time— tlii fish making some fierce runs, and a few very ticklish jumps and wriggles; but half nn hour told on' its strength while the captain lost- nothing of his skill, and pressed the fish harder than ever. The betting turned in favour of the cap tain ! it ran up step by step till it came to twenty to one against the snlinon. Which was nnwnporlw cnnnf \\+ inn~n. xi. ? i'i,i. \- ?? --~~'*j .j^v.iiu. au icij^ui Liiure \vus a nine more line' out than the gi.it; the fish. was swing ing back and fore, coming nearer land each time, and old John stood by with the never failing clip in his hand, ready to plunge it into the salmon's side, and hand Mm gracefully to his ' grassy bed upon the bank. Anothor mi nute would havs done it, when the sharp edge of a bit of rock touched the strained gut ; in un instant it snappod it in two! set' the salmon free, and mulcted the Captain's gambling friend of, a twenty pound note., ?. , Consumption of Life, dubinq the Reign of Nicholas. — The consumption of human life during the reigu of the Emperor Nicholas has been enormous. He has carried on war with the Circassians uninterruptedly for 28 years, at an annual cost , of 20,000 lives'on the Russian sides alone, making a 'grand total of nearly 000,000 Russiuns who have perished in attempt ing to, subdue the independence of Circassia. In the two campaigns against Persia, as in the Hungarian campaign and the two Polish cam paigns of 1881-32, there are not sufficient data to enable me to form a correct estimate of the Russian loss, which was, however, in the Per sian and Polish wars enormous. In the£wo cam paigns against Turkey of 1828-20, 800,000 fell, of whom, however, 50,000 perished by tho plague. The loss of tho Russians,' in various ways, since the entry of tho Danubian Principalities, is un derstated at 30,000. In those calculations it should bo borne in mind that no estimate is attempted to bo made of the sacrilico of human life on the side of those who fought for their liberties against the aggressions of Itussia. If this calculation were attempted, it is probable that tho result would prove that neither Julius Cresar, nor Alexondciynor even Tamerlane, lias been a greater scourge to the human race than the present Emperor Nicholas. — 2'he JSotperors Alexander and Nicholas, fty Dr. Lee. Lady Bujssingto.v. — 1 soon found, on becom ing personally acquainted with her, that ano thor of the attractions which contributed to give Lady Blessington that unique position in London society which she held for so nianj' years, and even more exclusively and conspicu ously after her husband's death than before it- was that strong personal interest which she felt, and did not scruple to evince, on every topic ou; which she was called upon to busy herself — ? whether it was the fashion of a cap or the fate of nations. In this her habit of mind was French rather than English— or rather it was Irish, which is no less demonstrative than the French, and infinitely more impressible. Of French de monstrations of sudden interest and goodwill you doubt the sincerity, even while you accept .and acknowledge them. But there was no doubting the cordiality and sincerity ot Lady Blessington, while their outward demonstrations lasted, which is perhaps all one has any right to require in such matters. — My Friend* and Acquaintance. By P. Q. Patmore. Sioxor Mabio. — It appears that Mario has, for a long time past, been- beset with the .atten tion of an English lady of great wealth, who persists in following him wherever he goeB, although he has frequently denied her an inter view.' While in London she was never absent a night during his engagement, and always occu pied the moat conspicuous place in front of the' stage. When ho went to St. Petersburg she followed him, and on his appearance there, one of the 'first -persons ho saw among the brilliant audience of the Russian capital was his constant and ardent admirer. In her devotion to him she crossed ocean and continents, and although he has always slighted her attentions and refused to listen to her addresses, her love — if love it can- be called — has never grown cold, but appears to in crease with time. As soon ss she heard of his intention to visit America she kept a vigilant watch on his movements, till she found that he was coming in the Baltic, when she immediately engaged rooms on board that vessel, and accom panied him. — New York Herald. 