I THE MORMONS AT THE SALT j , LAKE. WE have been favored with the perusal of a letter addressed by the writer, who is a working man, to his friends in Edinburgh, containing some interesting information relative to the Mormons, and the difficulties and dangers of the journey to and from their boasted paradise at Deserve. As the cxperiencesj>f the writer are of recent date, we entreat the attention of all to his statements who may have been seduced by the representation Joe of Smith's disciples to contemplate a residence at the Salt Lake. First for the journey to this quarter, the hardships of which are thus briefly dwelt on by the writer : " We are allowed Jib of flour and frozen bacon per day, and had to drive four oxen and a waggon from five o'clock in the morning till eight o'clock at night. Some times we had to wade up to our middle in water to cross rivers, and were 'Compelled 5 to keep our wet clothes on all day. After I had travelled about 600 miles I fell., sick with the fever and ague. I was ill about thirteen weeks, and had to be carried out of the wagon at night into the tent, and put of the tent into the waggon in the morning. About three weeks after I felt sick my wife - fell sick also, and died in little more than, a trip away-. ?%;.» /"J^í" week, with something of the same com- plains. I was expected to die almost every minute, and I did not get well till after I got to Salt Lake" On recovery, the writer describes how he asked for work at anything," but could get no work to do. He was seven months at the Salt Lake,, but only obtained employment for about ten days. "There is no money given ; you are obliged to take your pay in whatever articles employers have a mind to give you, such as treacle, potatoes, flour," &e.; Regretting that thousands have, like himself, been deluded by false representations to undertake the journey to the Salt Lake, the writer goes on to sketch the condition of the emigrants and the general state of Mormon society in his own rough way. Speaking of the emigrants, he says " There are thousands who would give the last cent they have if they could only get away-people too who have been pretty well off in the old country, but who are now without shoes to their feet or clothes to cover them, and their children the same. There are about three months in winter that no out-door or in-door labour can be done. After they have sold all their clothes to get something to eat, they are without a bit of fire or a cent to buy wood, for there is no coal, and they are almost frozen death. I know many that have lost their ears and toes and besides all this, they are obliged to get and make a home where they can. Some he in waggons, and hundreds I have seen living in holes in the ground, like the wild beasts of the forest." I A " dodge" practised by the saints to rob the poor people, and the consequences of plain speaking are thus described: " When groceries are plentiful in Salt Lake, the gentiles sell them to the people as follows Sugar, 40 cents, per lb. ; coffee ditto; tea, from 40 to 50 cents, per lb. Some of the twelve apostles will say there is room for a little speculation here. They buy up all the provisions, and things are pretty still for a short time. By and bye there is a cry out for these articles. Presently you will see a bit of paper pasted up stating that So-and-so has got excellent tea, coffee, and sugar, at such a price-tea, 3 dollars ; coffee, 1 dollar 50 cents ; sugar, 1 dollar. Now bear in mind, these are the men who profess to be the fathers of people. They also say they have commit munion with God. They say what they bind on earth is bound in heaven, what they loose on earth is loosed in heaven. They also say they hold the priesthood of God, that they receive revelations daily from God, and what they say is binding on the people and if you cannot swallow all they say, or even dare to think different from them, and tell your mind, you are put down as a dangerous character, and you have a cross put to your name, and they have men appointed to be destroying angels, to waylay you, and put you out of the way. The next thing is that you are missing, and the report goes about that the poor Utah Indians, who inhabit the mountains round about have killed you. Yes, this is as true as there is a God in heaven. The poor Indians get the blame of a great many things which they are not guilty of. I was told of as many as eight men who shared this fate while I was there." The writer then comes to the most questionable of all the Mormon institutions, po- lygamy. On this subject he speaks " right out," as the Yankees say, and it would be a pity to destroy the force of his simple language by any softening down of ours : "What would you think of an old villain of seventy-six being married to a child of fourteen ? This I know to be true for the same girl frequently used to visit the house where I boarded, and would sit and cry for hours. This old rascal had five more women besides his old wife all living with him. The women are compelled to do this or starve, for there is no employment for them of any kind. How does Brigham Young, the prophet, and his fifty-seven wives or concubines go on Do they live in peace or harmony? No. They are the most part of their time quarrelling. The one is jealous of the other ; it is a complete cat and dog life with the women. They are caged up in small rooms like so many birds. I have seen Young drive out in his big van with as many as twenty-five wives, and mostly all of them had sucking children. At a forenoon service Brigham Young was preaching, and in the course of his sermon he said that every one who apostatised from this church, he would cut them two inches below the ear if he knew them. This is he that says he stands as the mediator between God and man. This is the prophet of the Lord. He says he is the mouthpiece of God unto man. He preaches Jesus Christ one minute, and cuts your throat the next. I have also heard him ask, " Brethren, could you take the life of your brother or fellow. man, and be filled with the Holy Ghost at the same time ?" He answered the question, " Yes, brethren I could !" If any of the twelve apostles once set their lustful eyes on a good-looking woman, they are sure to have her, no matter whether her husband is agreeable or not. Some of them will come and say that he has got a revelation from God to save his wife. If he does not believe it is so, he is (made to believe it with a bullet from a rifle-not in the presence of his wife, but the first time he is found outside the city. While I was there I boarded in a house where the mother and two daughters were married to one man" More is recorded by the writer of a like frightful description, but we forbear. No wonder that the writer says " he is thankful to God that he got away as he did" from amongst a crew of such barbarian fanatics, ho disgusted was he with their whole proceedings, that he was determined, if necessary, to sell his- last shirt and take of the road on foot rather than stay any longer. We append a short account of his perilous and toilsome journey back to the United States: \- "I started on the 20th last April, in company with six more persons, to travel over these vast and almost desert plains, with one waggon and four mules. About 1200 miles were before us ere we could get to the regions, of civilization. When we had got seventeen miles from Salt Lake we were in snow from five to fifteen feet deep. We were four days in this pickle, and only ' made about 300 yards. As we had to pass through about 14,000 Indmoj., we drew I lots who was to sleep in the waggon and who was to sleep out in the open air, and the lot fell on me to sleep out in the open air for the journey. It was no use to shrink ; it was either life or death. In watching our miles we had to take turns, for the Indians will steal if they can get half a chance. In crossing rivers and creeks we had to make a raft and swim over what few things we had. At one of these rivers we lost most of our provisions, and shortly afterwards we had to bury one of our gang. Sleeping in the snow had killed him. We travelled on, and we got out of provisions. For three days we only had one biscuit each. At last we got to a tribe of friendly Indians, named the Shyans. We made them understand our position, and we got some buffalo meat from them. It gave us all dysentry. The next thing that happened us was one of our men getting drowned. While trying the depth of a creek the horse stumbled while in the water, and the stream being very strong it carried the man down, and we could not get his body out before four hours had elapsed. We buried him, and encamped close to the place for the night. During the night the wolves had smelt the body and got it out of his grave. I shot two of them in the dark. When daylight broke we looked for his body, but it was gone ; all that we could find were some of his clothes all torn to pieces. Shortly afterwards we were again out of provisions. We met some Californians, who gave us some biscuit. The next that died was of consumption, and four got safe across out of seven." The wi ster concludes by informing his friends that this terrible journey occupied ten weeks, during which time he never had his clothes off, and that he is now located in New York, working as he best can his health being completely broken down in consequence of the exposure and privations he had undergone in this mad expedition to the Salt Lake. In alluding to the conduct of the Mormons who had al- lured him to their detested city, the writer breaks out into frequent objurations more forcible than elegant, and we have printed the foregoing extracts from his letter in the hope that no one who reads them will venture on repeating experiences which may turn out equally painful and disappointing.-Edinburgh News. 