THE THEATRES. G OPPIN'S OLYMPIC. KING JOHN. If the genius of Shakspere was cosmopolitan iu its range, and universal in its grasp, his sympathies aud affections were thoroughly and unmistakeably English. All his historical plays combine to prove this, and by them, as Hallam has observed, he has ' identified him self with English feelings in English hearts.' Frederick Sehlegel, indeed, goes so far as to contend that ' the feeling by which Shakspere 8eera3 to havo been most connected with ordi nary men is that of nationality.' The great dramatist might well feel proud of his country at the particular cpoen in which he lived, lhe Elizabethan was an age of men eminent for tlieir intellectual stature, — men who thought great thoughts, spoke brave words, and wrought high deeds ; an age remarkable for its jurists and statesmen, its poets and philosophers, its divines and dramatists, its naval heroes, and enterprising navigators. , It was the age of Bacon and Burleigh, of Sidney and Spenser, of Walsingliam nnd Oxford, of Drake and Raleigh, of Coke and Essex, of Hooker and Taylor, of Brown and Jonson, of Beaumont and Fletcher, ofMassinger and Ford, of Marston and Mar lowe, of Decker and Chapman. Those men cbuld have ennobled England, even if she had not been previously ennobled by the intellect, the valor, and 1 the daring of those who had flourished during' the five or six preceding centuries. Consecrated by their genius and by that of the dramatist who was greater than them all, England will be a terra santa, to which future generations will make a pilgrim age from tho banks of the Ohio and the valley of the Murray, when bitterns shall once more build among the reeds on Thorney Island, and tho shadow of no vessel shall over darken the waters of the Mersey. ? And the sentiment of patriotism thus kindled, is in no drama more frequently expressed than in that of King John. The monarch, as 'the mouth of England,' dilates with tho majesty ! of the land lie represents; and Faulconbridge utters an exclamation which has been almost adopted as a national motto. Another thing very observable in the historical plays of Shakspere is the regality of tho language which he puts into the mouth of kings. The drama tist's own mind must havo been regal in its constitution, — regal, that is to say, according to the heroic ideal of royalty. If the fighting kings of the middle ages did 'not speak as Shaks pere represents them to have done, we feel that they ought to have done so, and, failing therein, the dramatist was a better man than they. The first thirty lines of the first act of 'ICincr John' are not merely imbued, but saturated with ? this regal spirit, and furnish a masterly prelude to the historical action of the drama, l'lio parley before the walls of An'giera is worded in the same royal language, and in the last scene, in tlie orchard of Swinstead Abbey, the exclamations of the dying monarch are us full jf dignity as of agony; for the soothing agencies he refers to, are such as, by their magnitude ind grandeur, a king might naturally appeal to in the hour of his extremity : — ' And none of you will bid the winter como, To thnut his icy finders in mjr miw ; For let wj kingdom's rivers take their course Through my burn'd bosom ; nor eutro;it tho north To niuko his bleak winds. kiss ray-parchod lips, And comfort ino with cold/' The character of King John, as Hazlitt re marks, is represented in this drama ' as more cowardly than cruel, as more contemptible than odious;' and Chirles Knight points out that, a prior play upon the same subject having ob tain a firm hold upon the English stage, Shak spere preferred adhering to the King John with whom the play-going public had been familiar for half a century, to depicting the monarch according to his own imagination, or the testi mony of tho chroniclers: - ? Philip Faulconbridge, however, is clearly the product of Shakspere's creative genius. Sinewy ia frame, and unimpeachable in courage, as be same a son of Coeur de Lion; strong in physical health and buoyant in animal spirits ; prone to sarcasm, and with such a propensity to humor that he could jest upon the dishonor of his mother; with some intellectual strength, but destitute of mental refinement, the Bastard is a favorable specimen of tho English squatters (for there was such a class at that period) in the reign of John. In Constance, the great dramatist has pour trayed a character, womanly in the tenderness of lior affection, and queenly in her grief. Nothing finer, nothing more true to nature, nothing more beautiful, nothing more instinct with the eloquence of sorrow and the pathos of despair ivas ever written, than her colloquy with Philip and the Cardinal.: ' And, father Cardinal, I have heard you say That wc shall see and know our friends in heaven ; If that be, I Bhall eee my boy again ; For since the birth of Cain, the first male child, To him that did but yesterday suspire, Thero was not such a gracious creature born. But now will canker* sorrow cat my bud, And chaso tho native beauty from his cheek, And ho wiU look as hollow as a ghost, As dim and meagre as an ague's fit, A*d so h«'ll die ; and rising so again, Whtn I shnll meet him in the court of heav'n I sh%ll -not know him; thereforo never, nover, Must I behold my pretty Arthur moro* - P AMDULPU, You hold too heinous a respect of grief. Constance. He talks to me that nqver had a son, K. Philip. You aro as fond of grief, fts of your child. ^ Constance. Grief fillsthe room up of my absent child ; Lies in his bed, walks up and down with mo ; Puts on his pretty looks, repoats his words, Ucmomberu me of all his gracious parts ; Stuffs out his vacant garments with his form ; Thon have I reason to bo fond of grief.' Let us, before proceeding to speak of the per formance of last evening, bestow a passing eulogy upon the spirit and enterprise of the management of this theatre in producing not one, but a series of Shaksperian dramas, with all those pictorial and sumptuary accessories which are. so gratifying to the eyes of educated play-goers. At the Princess's, and at Sadler's i Wells, the production of one or two pieces in a style of splendor is considered sufficient to give eclat to one season. Mr Coppin mounts halfa dozen in rapid succession : and each is put upon tho stage in a manner that would reflect credit upon either Phelps or Charles Kcan. ' King John' is a case in point. We ouestion if. upon any stage of similar dimensions, greater scenic effect, -or a more numerous array of ap propriately clad characters, was ever exhibited . The scenery was painted with a careful attention to authorities,— tho state canopies reminded us of the marginal illuminations wo have seen in copies of Froissartand Monstrelet, — the tabards of the heralds and the garb of the noblemen and men-at-arms were true to Strutt and Pianche,— the battlemented Avails of Angiers looked sub stantial enough to defy the ' iron indignation' of French and Austrian artillery, — and the last scene, with the painted window of the abbey, illuminated for vespers, and the organ pealing solemnly inside, was a very picturesque ' set.' As regards .the acting, we have seldom seen a piece at this theatre in which there was so much to approve and' so little to condemn, as in ii-inpf jonn. xt implied as 'a foregone con clusion ' great painstaking on the part of the stage-manager, and a careful attention to the ' business ' of the drama on that of all the dramatu persona: concerned. _ The part of Constance fell to the lot of Mrs Charles Young, and the ' wild, uncontrollable affliction of the wi/lowed mother was forcibly rendered by that lady. If she would only re press that perpetual gasp, and. use the lower notes other voice in preference to, the constant strain .upon its upper tones, her Constancc would be an excellent piece of acting. The pas sage quoted above, descriptive' of her grief at the bereavement she has sustained in the loss of her ' fair son,' was admirably given, and it is worthy of observation that (he passage in which she denounces the time-serving duplicity and timorous villainy of Austria, elicited a hurricane of- applause. . Mr Brooke invested the character of Richard Faulconbridge with a new interest and a remarkable prominency. The Norman squat-' ters and their descendant a for two or three! {fenerations were gallant soldiers of fortune ; j ^earless, frank, and free-spoken ; and such was ' the Faulconbridge presented by Mr Brooke, j The sympathies of the house went entirely with him when he taunted tho Austrian Arch duke, and soliquized upon tho ' mad composi tion' of the treaty of marriage, and counselled John to be as ' great in act as he had been in thought.' The force and vigor of his character, indeed, deepened by contrast tho sneaking villany of his royal master. Mr It. Younge, as John, was carefully correct ; never disappointing, but sometimes exceeding our expectations. His best scenes were with Hubert and in tlie orchard at Swin stead. The suggested wickedness of the dia logue in the first instance (wherein lie obscurely hinted at the perpetration of a crime he lacked tne courage to counsel the commission ot openly), aud the physical- suffering incidental to his violent death, found an able exponent in Mr Younge. Wo must associate tho name of Mr Birch with that of Miss Matthews, in the award of high praise for the performance of that painful episode in the drama, which occurs within the walls of Northampton Castlei Its merits re- j ceived the testimony of the . audience in the shape of frequent bursts of applahse, occa sionally subdued by the anxious desire of the spectators to lose no portion of the dialogue. If we omit to. eulogise the other performers who sustained prominent parte. ;t is from waut of space aud not of inclination ; and wo can only, in conclusion, briefly pronounce this last Shaksperian revival to be a great success. 