THE CONDEMNED CRI- MINALS. THE executions of the three persons condemned at the late Sessions are to take place on Mon- day next at the new Jail in Perth. The fact of such a number of capital punishments, at one time in our very limited community, tells a terrible tale, which all classes cannot fail to shudder at. And under other circumstances it is reasonable to assume that this number would have been increased, but Governor Kennedy's determination not to execute any more Aboriginal Native Criminals has been the means of saving the life of at least, one human being, and of sparing the public at large the painful knowledge that any of these irrresponsible people have been again dragged to the place of execution. We cannot help remarking here upon the very large proportion of severe sentences it was found necessary to pass during the late Sessions. The crimes may have been serious, and the criminals to be punished men who have been expatriated for former offences ; yet it is not a little startling to find, out of twenty one European Prisoners tried, that no less than three are to suffer the extreme sentence of the law, three are transported for life, one for fifteen years, and four for seven years. The Natives, who were to all intents and purposes, guilty of murder, were indicted only for the minor offence, and consequently escaped with only transportation to Rottnest Island. The man Dixon who was sentenced to transporta- tion fo life for being concerned in the forgery of Hurford's will has been fully pardoned in consideration of the information given by him being entirely instrumental in bringing about the conviction of the murderers. WE have so repeatedly heard allusion made to the Quotation from Shakespear, delivered by the Advocate General, with peculiar apposite- ness, at the late trial for murder from the Vasse district, and been so much pressed to give it insertion in our columns, that we take this opportunity of giving publicity to it here. The passage was spoken with much impres- siveness, and had a great effect upon all who heard it. It is taken from the second part of Henry 6th Art III Scene II and the remarks are those made by tbe Earl of Warwick upon discovering the strangled corpse of Humphrey, Duke of Gloucester. " See,how the blood is settled in his face! Oft have I seen a timely parted ghost Of ??? semblance, meagre, pale, and bloodless, Who, in the conflict that it holds with death, Attracts the same for ??? 'gainst the enemy With which the heart there cools and ??? returneth To blush and beautify the cheek again But see, his face is black and full of blood, His eyeballs further out than when he lived, Staring full ghastly like a strangled man, his hair upreared, his hostrils stretched with struggling, his hands abroad displayed, as one that grasped And tugged for life, and was by strength subdued Look on the sheets, you see, his hair is sticking, His well-proportioned beard made rough and rugged, Like to the summer'scorn by tempest tossed,. It cannot be but he was murdered here, The least of all these signs were probable. 2nd part Henry VI, Act III, Scene II. 