TO OFFICIAL JOHNNY. Dear Johnny, I observe in your letter of the 21st at the following truthful paragraph, though I must say I think that you have pillaged it from the columns of some magazine; as I have often detected you in this species of imposture before. The one I allude to is as follows-" When private gentlemen pay their servants more than half their own incomes, it will be consistent in a free people to pay their servants the enormous and preposterous salaries which now feed the empty vanity of. some, and foster the aristocratic claims of others; causing fools and knaves, incompetent and presuming hirelings, to look with contempt On those who purchase the wines on which they luxuriate, and contribute the bread in return for which they give us scorn and neglect." The sentiments conveyed in this admirable paragraph, I am sorry to say, have long been applicable to the unhappy state of society in this colony ; but how much longer it is to endure, is a question that remains with the people to decide. On the public press alone rests the ruin or salvation of this colony. A venal press is a curse to any country, while an honest one is a blessing to any community. Did I wield the editorial pen, Johnny; of an influential newspaper, I would move the very stones to rise in mutiny against this squandering of the public monies upon a host of income Setent officials, whom nature for the most part designed for itinerant pedlars; but whom circumstances have unfortunately placed in the position of gentlemen ! You justly say, old fellow, that " we contribute the bread in return for which they give us scorn and neglect," and I am struck with admiration and astonishment at the same time, that you, an old government officer, and one who has had a good share of the loaves and fishes, spread over a whole regi- ment of connections, should give utterance to so courageous a sentiment. No doubt it has been too much the fashion in this colony to look upon every official, no matter how contemptible his private or public character, as a public master instead of a public servant. Our wives and daughters have been instructed by our too complainant hus- bands to view everything official with delighted eyes, and in an inverse ratio to look down upon every one of manly proportions not invested with the robe of Things in as a Snob, a Vulgar Bore, and a Tatterdemalion. This is apparent to any one at all acquainted with our public ball rooms. Let us enter one, and judge for ourselves. Observe with what an air of well-bred case yon gentlemanly young man glides across the room, and asks that vivacious looking young lady for the pleasure of her hand in the next quadrille-she is already engaged three deep-he is not at home there. The gentleman is not an official Now see with what a strut of vulgar impudence Mr. . . . walks across the room to yonder red faced lady in the corner-how he struts away with her charming daughter, with the lustrous black eyes and animated countenance. He is quite at home there is an official ! He certainly sets a very mean figure, us far as personal appearance is concerned, his head being far too large for his body, which is long in proportion to his attenuated ghosts of legs, the knees of which seem to be on the most affectionate terms with each other-his hair is dressed to a curl and boiled to a nicety, and in his white cravat he looks not unlike a headwater, or some superannuated pensioner; but then he is an official, and that, like that Hy, covers a multitude of sins. That poor emasculated creature receives four salvoes from the government, in all £1200 per annum, for which he walks punctually to his office at ten o'clock every morning, signs some half-dozen documents or so, and walks ns punctually back again at three p.m. And yet, would you believe, that on this enormously overpaid and princely salary, he is at this very time over head and cars in debt? It is somewhat strange, I admit, but such is the fact, it being only last week that he borrowed £500 to save him from the Insolvent Court, which would have involved both loss of caste; and what is of more importance to a government officer, loss of salary, and consequently loss of official insolence ! You tell me that you can well understand official insolence in this small community, where almost every second man you meet, with at all a decent coat on his back, is an official ; but that, for the life of you, you cannot understand a man of domestic habits falling into debt on the, enormous salary of £1200 per annum. It is very plain to me, Johnny, that your perceptive faculties are not large ; but, as all men are not endowed alike by nature, I will try and enlighten the very small modicum of intellect with which providence has blessed you. I know that you will at once readily admit (having had a large family of daughters of your own to provide for that women are most expensive animals, when all their quips, quirks, cranks, and oddities are gratified and that, on the other hand, they are the brightest and most economical ornaments of the domestic hearth, when ruled with a gentle hand and sound discretion. Now, John, what would you have said if one of your beloved daughters had, in twelve months, run up a bill for white kid gloves alone of £60 at Mr. Aaron's, the Jew merchant and money lender in Usury-street, another small bill of £30 at the shop over the way, for white satin shoes, and £150 during the same period for all the varieties of silks, and satins that ever came from the room of the most stylish and expensive manufacturer , You tell me that you would not have allowed it-that you would not have paid the bills that you would have declared to God that, you would have been ruined and that you would have advertised, and so forth ! ! You say so, Johnny, but how often have I heard you thunder forth the same determina- tions before, and then known you in the most vile and scurvy manner to turn round upon your better self, and sign your name to any amount of good sterling Bank Paper, merely, as you said, to alloy the domestic fires that raged around you, and for the sake of restoring peace and quietness in the family, when by the exercise of a calm and patient firmness-by resolutely refusing to minister to the reckless extravagance of one woman, so early displayed and so long continued, you might long ago have enjoyed that peace and quietness, which I fear can never now shed their sweet and soothing influences over the evening of your declining days. The fires that are allayed, you may believe me, will rise again and again, aye, and again, to devour and destroy you As long as the cause exists, the effect will be the same and at every relapse you will become the more exhausted, until at last you sink under both mental and physical atrophy,-a complete prostration of both mind and body ! The fact is, Johnny, you are an old fool, and it is only your years that preserve you from public derision, as you certainly enjoy the ill-dis- guised contempt of the whole circle of your private acquaintances. I hope sincerely you will not be angry with me for telling you these un- palatable truths, us I intend to write you many a long, long letter from (us you must be aware the most disinterested motives, and purely for your own welfare. With one of those jerks not unusual in your eptstoltiiy style, you tell me that the revenue fell off last quarter £27,000, and yet with this fact before your eyes, you are of opinion that the government officers are not too many, nor their salaries too high t The question, to my mind, at present is not whether official salaries are disproportionate, or not, to the amount of service rendered, but whether the public revenues of the whole island will sanction the present rate of government expenditure and I think that it will not be very difficult to prove that the public revenues will not and that, if some remedy is not very soon applied, we shall be in a short time, like our Victorian neighbors, on the verge of bankruptcy J and, in all probability, end in universal insolvency. You cannot be ignorant of the fact that, within a week after Sir H. Young's arrival in this colony, there was not a broom to be procured in Hobart Town for love or money. They had all been purchased by the Private Secretary to cleanse (as it was said) the Augean Stable. The Convict Department from the most diminutive Clerk to the most tremendous Comptroller-General, was to be secured as clean as the Widow Muggins first floor parlour, everything was to undergo a thorough revision, no sly, fat and rosy Convict Officials would any longer be allowed to recline on beds of pilfered down in safe and comfortable repose ! It was even murmured that our joyous looking Chief Police Magistrate was to receive his quietus; that our head Sheriff was to make room for a younger and more active man, that our Surveyor-Gen., was to retire installer, that in fact, all incom- petent without respect to rank, or age, were to receive gentle hints that their resignation Would be accepted, and very acceptable. Six months have now elapsed, and What is the result ? With the exception of an orderly's pay being reduced from 3s. 6d. to 2s: 6d., per day, we are exactly where we were before. The Heads of Departments are seated as firmly as ever, quite as overpaid and incompetent, though perhaps a little more insolent, and the Convict Department has not had a single cobweb brushed away from the mouldy cells of its iniquity; Yes I repeat it Johnny and let it go throughout the length and breadth of the land, that the magnificent result of Sir Henry's six months' administration is the reduction in the pay of the Orderly of Is per done, and, I had almost forgotten to mention it, the insult to Mr. O'Reilly and the august Corporation. What a saving to the Colony i, And one more proof, if any were wanting of the irrèfragab'ility of your assertion, that we contribute the bread in. return for which they give us scorn and neglect. As I intend writing again, soon and very often Johnny, I will bid adieu for the present, and subscribe myself, your affectionate Cousin, Country Jim. 