Original "ßBorvcftponticnf e. "THE LEGITIMATE DRAMA." To the Editors of Milt's Life in Spdney. Gentlemen, -Among" other good pieces of ra- tional amusement, 1 hold thnt a well conducted' Theatre is a good place in which to learn good things ; observing that you always notice what is going on in tho theatres, lam induced to request a corner in order that I may endeavour to shew what nn intelligent and resolute man may do to establish a good theatre in a most unpromising soil. Seven br eight years ago Saddler's Wells Theatre, in London, was in tho condition of be- ing entirely delivered over to ns ruffianly an au- dience as London could shake together. At this crisis, Mr Phelps conceived the desperate idea of changing tho characters of the dramatic en- tertainments presented at this den (furs > it might have been called), from tho lowest to tho highest, ! and'of utterly changing with it the character cf j thc audience. On the opening night tho theatre ! was densely crowded with tho old stock. The j play was " Macbeth," it was performed amidst tho usual medley of fights, foul language, cat- calls, shrieks, yells, oaths, blasphemy, obscenity, apples, oranges, nuts, biscuits, ginger beer, porter, and pipes ; not that there «ns any particular ob- jection to the play, but that tho audience were on the whole in a condition of mind generally re- quiring such utterance. Tt being evident that either the attempt to humanise tho place must be abandoned, or the uproar quelled, tho mana- ger made vigorous efforts for tho victory, and at last succeeded in establishing ahousc for thc high drama at .Saddler's Wells. The manager and the audience have reacted on each other ; sen- sible of thc pains bestowed on every thing pre- sented to them, the audienco have desired to shew their appreciation of such care, and have studied the plays from the books, nnd have really come to the theatre for their intellectual profit. Now, Gentlemen, we aro certain that tho Syd- ney theatre-goers aro not destitute of all taste"for the Legitimate Drama. The densely crowded houses that witnessed the clever ellorts of the Wallers, Starks, Booth, Laura Keene, Kate Dänin, and tho talented Thorne family, to por- tray the master pieces of our great poet, bear out tho truth nf my assertion -that if the Drama was put on a proper footing in Sydney it would meet with the desired success. But, alas ! these "bright particular stnvB" having left us, wc aro doomed (if wc chance to tnend a passing hour at the theatre) to witness probably a mclo- drnma under tho suspicious title of the '* Bleeding Nun of Lindenburg," abounding with blood-dyed villains, treacherous guides, black convents, ghosts, nnd murder.». Giving Mr Torning all the praise that is justly due for the strenuous efforts ho has made, and is still making, to pro- duce novelties ; and with all duo deference to him aa a theatrical manager of acknowledged tnlcntnnd perseverance, I cannot believe that ho has given the Legitimate Drama .a sufficient trinl ; and, moreover, 1 believe that if ho did so ho would derive a considerable benefit. Mr Torning is as earnest and as sensible as Mr Phelps, and could do here what Mr Phelps has done in tho suburbs of London. He would sup- ply a great want which few observant persons can fail to acknowledge, and would do a giant's work in the discouragement of low sensual en- joyments, ns well os destroy prejudices, not by any means without foundation. in conclusion, I trust that tho importance of the subject will plead my excuse, for taking up so much valuable room. I beg to enclose my I card, but subscribe myself As your most obedient servant, WY H. H. B****. Sydney, 5th February, 1855. 