I; raEE PRESitftenuN CHURCH. ., ' Yostordny ovoning n publio mooting for uliurch pm posos wits hold in tho building noway orootod in Mito (innrio-struot.hy tho Presbyterians in this city, in conuco tion wiHt tho Freo Churoh of.Scothiud. Tho Rov, Mr. SAWIOS, miuistur of tho congregation lirosidod, mid conduotod tho opouing roligious oxorcison nftor which ho mndo a few remarks inlroduutory to tin business; of tho mooting. While ho hud no desire, lu said, to mnko a spoooli on that occasion, ho could no holp expressing tho fooling that thoir transition from om piuco of worship tQ,anothor, afforded an opportunity and, indued, might) bo regarded as a call from 1'rovidonui -to thom not only to look bnck on tho path thoy hat already riasscd over, but also lo look forward and contení plato tho future, lt scouted to ho like a hill in tin traveller's way, from tho summit of which ho could sttrvoj that part of tho country through which ho had passed and also tho colinby through which tho romaindor of hi: journey.lay. As n congregation thoy had reason Ilia night to sot up their stoup of remembrance, saying " Hithorto hath tho Lord helped us." While they ac knowlodgod tho abounding goodness of God in oil His dealings with thom in timo past, let them not ros satisfied with what hud been attained; bu regard, as ho trusted thoy would regard theil en tranco upon a larger, a moro oxtondod sphere ns a church, as a call for tho oxcreiso of greater zeal, aili greator oxortion in promoting tho causo of Christ, botl in this land of thoir adoption, mid throughout tho whoh world, ns far ns thoir menus and their opportunity wonk cnabto theim Tho Hov. Dr. CAinxs, Molbourno, roso lomovo thoflrsi resolution, which was ns follows : 'flint tho Synod's schoino of procuring minlstors from Scotlnni is highly important in its character and huuolicial in its results and deserving of tho zealous support of tho congregation. Ho was ono of those who, on various accounts, woro dis. posed to entertain sanguine views ns to tho futuro ol Australia. Under thnt nanto ho comprehended thc various provinces into which Australia was divided Thoy would grow up, ho trusted, neighbouring but indo, pendent States, cminlly free from foreign domination nuil from intercolonial strife, inspiring each other, and with- out tho malevolent passion of hatred mid dislike, but with tho wholesome spirit of emulation, pursuing n brotherly course or contest for superiority in social pro gross mid eminence, in intelligence mid virtue. Ile looked upon theso colonies-incipient empires ho trusted -ns destined, not only to bo tho centros of civilization, but of Christian intelligence in the southern hemisphere, Far and wide tho hand of God seemed to havo Monitored His bounties in tho richest profusion. Their climate combined all that was excellent in tho host climates ol which thoy read ; and was attonded with lbw of their ovils or disndvuntogss. Thoir soil was of every kind and degree. It was alike inviting to tho shepherd and tho husbandman, to raiso Hocks and bords which, ho might say, woro not surpassed. It produced fruits and corn, or rather, was capable of producing fruits and corn, and wino and oil, too, in an unlimited extent. Thoy lind minorais in abundance, from gold lo copper, nn.il granite, and slate, mid con), to mi amount not to be ascertained ; for they woro only beginning to discover tho hidden wealth of tho country. They were, it might ho snid, only sinking their lirst shaft yot, and opening their first qnarry. All they lind seen nll'ordod but a faint indica- tion ol' their resources-a shadow of the groat substance which another day would witness, and which would bo enjoyed hy their children and their children's children. Thoy had tho means then of roaching, atone sining, in a briet' interval of time, to that measure of national enlightenment which hithorto lind boen attained only by slow degrees of progress ; but thoso means which wore at their disposal might bo egregiously diverted from thoir proper purpose, mid tho fair occasion God had opened up to thom might bo foolishly wasted, mid not wisely turned to any good account. Lot them bear in mind, therefore, that tho future welfare ol' this rising country depended, not in external circumstances, bul in moral character. If tho people should walk in the fear of Ibo Lord, then tin dotthtedly, His blessing would follow them in all their ways. If they sought tho advancement of His kingdom and His righteousness, then everything that was of value and to ho desired, would bo milled unto thom ; and future years and generations would nee illus- trated hero what had been illustrated elsewhere, tho maxim, which was as old as the Bible, ondas ¡ndispiilahlo as tho facts ol'bygone history-namely, that " Righteous- ness oxaltcth a nation, and that sin is nt onco tho shunto und tho ruin of any people." Thero was no alternativo, no middle way possible, if thoy would nut sink, but rise-if they would not become- wonk, bul strong-if they would not fall into degeneracy mid endless confusion - if they would escupo being a warning und nu example to others, thoy should sit down under tho shadow of tho tree of life, whoso leaves aro given for tho healing of tho nations. With tho diffusion of tho principios of true Christianity thero wns bound up every reasotmblo hopo that could bo cnterlnincd of thc futuro success mid cnlurgemciil of their ndoptcd country. Thinking of those things, they could not but lament thoir weakness, and confess that tho present was indeed to them tho day of small things; and that remark was applicable not lo thom ol' tho Freo Church alone, but to nil tho denominations into which tho Church ol' Christ was divided. Ho hoped ho was entirely free 'from whnt was termed a spirit of sectarianism. (Applause.) Ho did not grudgo tho success of other domiminntions, hut, on the contrary, ho regarded their success ns his own, I (Applause.) Ho rejoiced in their prosperity, ho trusted, as sincoroly if not with all thnt fervency of spirit with ! which ho would rejoice in tho superiority ol' tho Church to which ho belonged. (Applause.) Thoy were all of thom at work for tho same cause, and a gain in any ono branch of tho Christian Church was undoubtedly n gain to tho whole. With respect to tho Independents, . to tho Wosloynns, lo other branches ol' tho Presbyterian Church, to Ibo Episcopalian Church, his dimest wish, his constant prayer was, that they might each havo throo times tho number nf congregations, and four limos tho number of ministers which they nt present possessed. (Applause.) For themselves, however, they woro very wonk. But ho wished to guard thnt remark-. Ho spoke only of tho evangelical section ol' tho church, lin eonllncd his remarks to thal sud ion of tho Church ol'Christ. It had pleased God to send to this colony, ns Bishop of tho diocese, tho Rov. Hr. Barker, and Iiis arrival he (Hr. Cairns) for ono considered to bo a token for good ; ami from tho bottom of his heart, ho wished him God speed in his ministerial labours;. (Applause.) Ho lind beard thero was l.raehirinnihni in tho lipiscopnl Church nf Now South Wales, hut ho hoped he had been niishiihrmi'd, Tf thero were such a disposition in tho Episcopal Church, ho had to declare thal, ho had no sympathy with it; and that ho wished it not to succeed, but lo porish ; for he disliked Popery with tho musk even more limn he dis- liked il without, tho musk ; just ns he preferred nu open onuiny lo ii disguised Ibo. Ho hud boen told that tho, number of J'rosbytcrinns in Sydney was not less Hum l.'l.OOOor l t ,000. AVhether timi was nu exaggeration or liol. ho did not know; but ho believed the number to ho very grout-probubly not loss limn 152,000. Very well,allowing any number they plnasod lo Presbyterians, il, must bo confessed that the hillanco wns n Inigo mid a heavy emu ; and it was impossible, for them to contémplalo tho slato of things shown by that circumstance without, regret, without, sorrow, or without fear. For what was the painful finit '!-thut thero woru ninny of their fellow countrymen who had fallon away from tho habitu of their youth, and aro living in n slate nf practical heiilhenisni at loast they had not Hunched themselves lo tiny minister; nor uro thoy known to bolong to any Christian congregation. Therefore, what was their first want. Thoir urgent noeossity was a supply ol' ministers of thu Gospel, faithful men, earnest mid devoted preachers of the Gospel, mon full of tho wisdom ol'God and tho Holy Ghost, mon suitoil for this sphere ol' labour, men com- petent for Dio work thero wns for them lo do, men'who woro nhlo tn cull in, lo gutlior in Ihn scnltored portions of tho Prosbylnnnn community, mid so lo deal willi thom ns lo mnko Ihom worthy descendants of Christian patriots, whoso faith overcame ovory species ol' persecu- tion, and whose piety was tho admiration ol' the world. (Applauso.) When ho saw thnt Hint was tho only Free Church building, und theirs thu nilly Freo Church congrega lion in Sydney, his heart wns grievously Biuldeiied. Such a shite ol' things must not be allowed lo continue. When thorn were ¡10(10 Prosbylmiuns in Sydney who held theil' views mid principles, they should havo throo nongregaliniis. They dared not to stund still in such a question au lluit. Neutrality wns not dosirnlilo but wits a sin ; it. was self- ilestruclivc. They mutti inórense or they would decrease. They must go forwnril, or beyond a ipinMinn they would meedo ; mid, therefore, ofl'urls and great elli iris must, ho made. They must ondouvoui'-by tho eo-npoi'iilinn ol' tho Church ul. homo oiul tho people hore-lo ncenmplish an objecl in itself no indispensable. Thero could bu no doini! Hint tho inother-ohurch nt home, tn whom (hey looked for nil thoir supplies, lind not been nble lo form nny nileipnilo eoncopliun of the ningnitiido ol' the ministerial work in thoso Australind colonies. Silo lind looked nt thom us lt woro, through nn inverted telescope, mid seeing them fur. nwny, regarded Ihetii mt rompntutively lillie lind iiiatguiHcaulv At least tho Free Clutch ProabylorJaus hara woro disposed lo' tliiuk'itlint. tho Churoh nt ¡homo lind hoon treating thom with loss limn ti mother's kimi noss ««il n mother's duly, At nil ovenls, thoy lind bonn loft lo struggle in tho weakness of infancy, with whioh it would require tho strength ol' n ginnt to overcome. It hud hoon with thuin us with tl io noblo nvmy Hint wont out to tho Crimen, Cirant muí glorious things woro oxpeuted of Hint army on itu leaving tho shores ol' Hug hind j it was thought it would accomplish what, woro impossibilities. And so it had been with their Churiih in tho colonies; without reinforcements liko Hutt army, they could not succeed in tho objuct that was before thom. Hut thora was something to bo said in excuse ol' tho conduct of tho Church nt home ; sho had been ongiigediu.an enterprise ol'astonishing difficulty and greatness. During ton or twelve years that Church had, through God's providence, boon enabled lo do moro towards tho dissemination of Gospel truth than any other Church of which thoy read. Sho hud accom- plished more in God's sorvieo than lind been accom- plished by any other Church *inco tho Apostolic ago. Ho thought ho was justitiell in mnkiiig Hint remark, for whether they lookud at her efforts at homo, or at hor efforts abroad, and nt tho success which hud in all cases attended horollbrts, he must say that ho know of nothing oquiil lo it in tho history of tho Chris- tian Church. Hut whilo thoy admitted nil Unit, they felt their own sores. Thoy stood in neod of immediate supply, and hud no grent prospect of obtaining it; mid ono renson of Unit ho would mention. At homo thero wera it body of prenchors or probationers numbering nearly OOO. Now ol' that number there wore few who would bo selected ns tho fit men for tho ministerial work in those colonies. Then, nguiu, of tho few who would bo eligible, few would ho lound willing to mulcrtnkc a voyage to Australia. 1 lo did not pretend to be ablo to explain tho cnuso. It seemed to him, however, grently to nriso from tho fact that, among their ministers there was n strong feeling ol'attachment to poor old Scotland. Ho did not admire such u feeling altogether, and ho thought it was carried to excess. Ho found Ibero woro many mon-young and middle aged, who woro willing to go to nny part of tho world to carry into execution tliq will or thoir earthly sovereign. Othors carno out here to engage in commer- cial pursuits; but when they cunio to tho ministers of Christ, thoy found them to have insurmountable objec- tions to leavo their native lund. Now, that was a sober truth-to lind men competent to do tho work, und who woro willing to como nnd cast thoir lot amongst thom, was exceedingly hard. Ju such circumstances what, he would ask was to bo done? Wry just what was proposed by tho rosoluüon-that " tho hands ol' tho Synod should bo strengthened, mid that they should get out ministers from homo to supply their wants. In conclusion, ho would commend tho subject to tho earnest prayers of all who desired tho furtherance of God's work in these colonies. If thoy really desired that able minister, tho Now Testament, should bo sont to this purl of tho world, thoy should nsk it not so much nt the hands of mau as at tho bauds of God; for they might rest assured that no success would crown their endeavours unless they asked upon their labours tho blessing of Him from whom came down oveiy good mid every perfect gift. 'J lie Hov. Mr. WEST seconded tho motion. Ho did not know what tho Synod's Relíeme was, but if the Kev. Mr. Salmon was an evidence of its operations, ho must congratulate tho 1'reo Cluq-ch on tho vuliio of such a scheine, mid if tho other clergymen who might como out under Unit schemo were nil like ililli, hu hud no doubt but they would be successful in gnthuriug in many of the sheep who had left the mount nins of Scotland, mid were now scattered over tho plains of Aitslrnlin. Ile was not surprised at the dilHculty referred to by tho lust speaker in getüng young men lo come ¡out to Aus trnlin. Young men generally held a* high opinion of themselves, and expected at sumo period of their lives to shino in tho world, and having no ¡idea of tho great- ness of Australia, or its resources, they thought it better for thom to slay where they wore. It was generally under strong impulses that ministers woro induced to leave their native laud. Tho persecutions in Scotland, though they drove the ministers out of their Churches, did not drive thom into otlier countries. That being tho case, young men were lo some extent to bo excused for their reluctance to lenvo home. The Kornau Catholics lind a schemo which ho understood was now partly adopted by tho 'NVesleyans and other bodies, by whiuli every new-comer was bound to go to whatever purl ol' tho world ho was considered hy the managing body lo bo best lilted. lt was, however, nut so much young men that they required as J men of sound intellect, and of established piuly. lt was upon sueh men ns thoso Unit tho futuro greatness of Australia would dopend, nnd it wns such men whom they should most desire to hnvo sent ont lo settle nmongst thom. Ho supposed tho proposnl to send for ministers implied tho necessity of contributing money lo bring thom out nnd support thom until they succoedoil in wising congregations largo enough to support them- selves. Tho way ho thought thoy should do was, to contribute for that purpose to (ho extent their brethren at homo had to pay into tho national exchequer under the income tax, and appropriate Hie results to the bringing out of faithful ministers lo this place, where they wera so uiuch required. Ho thought they ought to adopt such ii course rather limn ask their hoavily-burlhciied country men nt home to do so, for unless they put to their bonds themselves they would not get Ibo work doun nt nil. Thoy were not in a condition tn go to the church at homo mid nsk thom to contribute for the church in Australia; bul they were in ii cnmlitioiHo pro- vide tho menus to delray tho expense ol' bringing out ministers who might be appointed at their request, to como out, and ensure thom a mir income till limy hud succeeded in gathering congregations togothor who wore ublo Uiomselvos to provide for them. Jf they did thnt their collers would never be limply, und they would huve no need to ask pecuniary assistance from home. Holuul much pleasure in seconding Ibo motion. Tho CIIAIIIMAN then put Ibo resolution to tho meeting, when it was carried tuumimously. Thu Hov. JOSEPH BEAZLEY moved tho second resolu- tion, which was to tho fellowing effect: Timi tim iiitroiliielion of lim (lospol into bouillon bunin is n vorv Hpoulnl ihilv or Ibo Ohm-ell er Ulirlsi, ami Hint Hie Auxiliary to ibo London Missionary Koeieiy, employing, m. il dons. Presby- terian ministers, lins a decided claim on Ibo i.jiupiitliy and support ot ibis ooin'1'cgalÍMii. llcl'oro referring immediately In tho sulijcei. ol ino reso- lution, lin Imped ho would ho permitted lo congratulait jlioi.r chairman on tho erection ol' tho piuco ol' worship in which limy woro Hutt moiling us.emlded, which lie did with grout glutinous. Hu ring tho course ol'tho són ico on tho previous doy lin hud occasion Inobservo Unit it gen Helium whom hu know cullie into Ibo church with it very distrustful air, m ul placed himself near the door, so Ihul bu might bo in an iidvniilagoeii.'i position lo retire, in Ibo event ol' any danger arising. Now, however, bo thought they might say Hint tho place hud boen fairly tried, and that thu strength and stability ol' thu galleries and oilier purls of the building hud stood tho I'ullost lest. (Omers.) Ho was glad lo lind Unit although Ibero was a debt on Ibu church, the congregation were still think, lng of branching out their operations-thal they woro determined lo uso their - endeavours to extend tho operations being carried on in Ibo Held ol' missionary enterprise, lin »as' exceedingly glin] lo lind Hint Ibis spirit, prevniled ; hu was lumpy lo think Ihul it was nol, thought, necessary lo wait till every shilling lind been provided, but thal, fho lnciubcrs ol' Ibis church wore determined to encounter dangers, ami meet tho perform nnee nf their duties in II bold nuil manly spirit, lie was glad to lind Hint this congrega!iou proposed lo nid in extending missionary mitcrprisu in the islands of Ibo South Sena, lie would billilly explain thal, Ibero was in this colony u branch ol' the London Minsiouary Society in connection with Ibo Congregational body, anil in tho islands of Ibo New Hebrides thorn wore now tun mis sionnries who lind been sent forth by the auxiliary siiiiiuty. Tl, hud occurred lo tho members nf Ibu society in Sydney Ihul, considering tho catholic clinrneler ol' Ibu pnrenl society, the members of tho I'roshy terian lindy might bo exported to join Ilium, and when tho subject was broached lo Ibu Hov. Mr. Salmon hu nt, once ex pressed bis concurrence willi Ibu \iuw, inn i bis nanni was now found enrolled muong tho members ol' Ibo com. millen. Thus wore they coiinnilteil to each, other in thu grout work ol' ovnnyidh'.iiig Ibo islands ol' Ibo South Sens. In cuul'uriiiity willi Ibo broad mid comprehensive principles on which Ibu society waa based, Ibo London Missionary Society sent forth ns missionaries ministers ul' various religious ibuio. minutions, ijoiigregiilioiinlislii, Presbyterians, and olbern, lt was thought timi, some dilllcnlly would be experienced in cnliHoipieneu ol' the unwillingness which llm-o miiiis Iors might evince lo work logolher. I le (the Hov. Honv.loy) bad, however, conversed with gen I leinen who bini luboitreil as missi'muuio'i in Ibu South Sea Islands; muong others he might mention the Kev. j lr. Mills, nu.) all confessed that no difficulty whatever had been expe- rienced. Hu could ulso state thal. Ibu luiiuiiinily and good feeling which prevailed mining Ibo several niini-i ters engiigoil ns missionaries in the South Sen Islmuls was brought uboiil. by no cimiprniniso of principle* or discipline. Ho hud asked ono of Hmso mi'i.i'ti mies whether there was not exhibited inuring those niinistei H who so bitrniiiiiised n cillions mixtum, hut be was iiliHWored timi thu untidier ol' souls which were saved ooiopumiuled for iiny*iippnronl. incoiiuiKteiiey in Ibis respect. Ile fiirlhei' linked whether ¡I iras not lound Ihul Scotch Presbyterian missionaries: were not limed in tractable ; und hu wini nusweied, Ihul. nllboegh some ol' Ibo younger mon were ut first lound nut lo bu Irniilahln, in n short tiinu limy casi od' Hie slouch of tho¡r luruiur iileau, und worked in complote harmony will» tho, othor missionaries. In ono'nf Ihn islands, ho could furtum' ututo, tlioro woro stal inned two Presbyterian missionaries of opposite principles, yoi HO woll woro tliolr duties understood, that limy went through their lnhours in perfect hnrnionv, dividing ns it were tho island between them. (Cheers.) In Sttmoa und tho Lnynlty Islands, thero wore missioniiries of various evangelical bodies. Those were neeustnmod to meet together from time lo time for the purposes of prayer, and to concert mensures for the enrrving on of their lnhours with greater etlleiency. And so'great mid important did they consider the lnbours in which they were collectively employed, thnt lhere wns never any disposition to quarrel on minor matters. (Cheers.) Now, what they should do wns to semi ont other Presby- terian missionaries to join those nlreiuly stationed nt tho Islands. Tho object could bo onsily nrcnniplishod, for whore thero was a will (hero wns a way, mid.although some dillleulty might at flint bo experienced in procur- ing missionaries, still they might rest assured, that if frosh means wero provided, Coil would send tho men to carry on tho work of carrying out tho extension of tho doctrines ot tho Now Tostament. (Cheers.) Refer- ring moro particularly to tho snbjeot mntler of tho resolution which ho held in his limul, it wns his notion, that before (hoy carno to tho Bible at all, tho very pos- session of tho ability to servo our fellow-creatures involved a command to do tho service. Thus, whom God endowed a man with light which, if impartod lo mankind, wouUl servo to ameliorate their condition, nn obligation was imposed to di Huso Hint light.. "Wns it te» be supposed, ho would nsk, that it wns oplionnl with Lord .Uncoil to disseminate tho light with which ho was possessed? No. On tho contrary, ovory benin of light which fell on tho mimi of ninii,'b'iro ulong with it tho Intent comninnd to spread that light which it would ho at tho peril of tho enlightened ninn to resist. Thus, tho moment a man shut np tho light with which ho was endowed, that moment his mind began to contract, and ho became a comparative fool. Nothing which could bo snid in laudation of tho Bible could be regarded as exaggerated praise. Could it then bo imagined that God in giving to men. tho invaluable hoon of tho Biblo, would permit thnt limn should uso it morely for his own Hellish purposes? By no means. If they withheld from thoir fellow-men "tho light of Gospel truth, tho light of Christianity, they would do so nt tho peril of their souls. If, failing to spread tho Biblo, they simply appropriated it lo their own seltish purposes, it would becomo to them, instead of tho greatest of blessings, the gull of bitterness. (Cheers.) 'J'ho Founder of Christianity, in tolling His apostles lo go forth teaching all the nations, set them au example to guido them in di Musing Christianity, as found in tho Bible. If they looked at tho Epistles, they would soo how fully tho Apostles caught up tho spirit of their Divino Master. They could not, indeed, look into n singlo jingo of tho Saviour's life in tho Epistles of tho Apostles, without being impressed with tho necessity of spreading tho Gospel. Looking at tho question in this light, ho felt assured Hint every person in that meeting, that cvory Christ inn in tho community, feeling that thou: Saviour had laid upon them tho obligation of doing all in their power to disseminate tho Gospel, would adopt tho spirit of tho resolution which ho had just proposed. Tho several churches of England, Scotland, mid elsewhere in tho United Kingdom, already lind their hands full of work, lloro tho churches of these colonies lind tho South Sea Islands, with their thousands of inhabitants in n debased und un-Christiniiizcd condition, ns a Held on which to bestow their labours. He considered thnt God, in placing thoso islands ns it were nt their very doors, lind, in un especial manner, invited them to enter on tho Held ol' missionary enterprise therein, telling them to go forth mid disseminate tho Gospel, und thnt Ho would bo with thom in tho work. Thus, he thought, no moro happy rotloction could enter the mind of any- one thnn Ibis, thnt ho hud contributed towards tho evangelization of thoso interesting islands, mid if, ns they ought, they felt. il. to ho their duty to aid in tho sprending of the Gospel ol' Christ, they would not Ijiil to contribute their assistance towards the evangelization of tho islands of tho South Seas. (Cheers.) '.l'lie Rev. JAMBS Yor.i.mt said ho had hoon given lo understand thnt their primary object in mooting Hint evening wns to innugunile that building which they wero now happy to find in it tit condition for worshipping God in spirit and truth, and for Anally (Utilising tho light of truth through an extended sphere. But, ns the resolution which had just been proposed indicated, they not stop thore, they obviously had their thoughts directed towards the amelioration of tho condition of others who, in dis taut regions, stood in need of their assistance, lin know of no mnuuer in which they could nuire ell'ectively call down tho blessing ol' Gad than by associating, nt tho very commencement, that houso which they hud raised to his worship with tho labeurs of Christian missionaries. (Cheers.) Tho work of Christian missions was pecu- liarly God's work? and it hud been observed that thoso congregations which lind most devoted themselves to missionary work hud always been the most, prosperous. Those wiio gave most for tho purpose lind always hoon tho most blessed, mid received the greatest favours from tho Saviour. Ho would add nothing to-what hud beert said by the Rev. Mr. Beazley as to the necessity of Christians labouring lo dill'uso Christianity. Ono of Ibo grimiest privileges which God could confer on ninn wns to poriuit him lo labour in tho great work ol'diffusing Christianity. Thus, (hey should not only recognise their labours in thin-direction as a, duty, but should regard it us n privilege tn he permitted so to labour ; and he hoped Hint the assumption Hint Hint shite of feeling prevailed in tho congregation would ho borne out by tho way in which limy would support tho work ol' Christiiui missions. With regard to tho second portion of tho resolution, ho would stuto Hint ho wns aware that certain Presbyterian congregations recog- nised thal they wore under un obligation lo tho Loudon Missionary Society for employing I'roshylorinu ministers; hut it occurred to" him that the Society in question hail chums on nil Christian denominations, imlcpemlonl of nil particular considerations. (Cheers..) Thus tho Presbytérien budy might he suhl lo bo under nv twofold ohligutiou to tho society. They owed their sympathy lo tho society heciiuso nf its intrinsic worth, and because it employed Presbyterian ministers. In conclusion, he would eoiigrululule tho eongiegnlion on the church which they hud built, which wns in nil respects a tasteful and well propnrtinnod st met ure, and he prayed Hint God might sn bless tho building that ib would "ho justly said of it-this is nothing else but tho houso nf God and tho gate of Heaven. (Cheers.) Tho resolution was pul to the mealing, and adopted unanimously. Tho Rev. Mr. SLATVHU moved the- (hird rosoluliuii«. which was as follows : Thu! Ibo iixonev which Kiitiliotli.Hidinol instruction lii-lnus lnlo> operation is iliicctlv lieni'llelul lo tho rlmn-li, und Hie hlossuil results lind him- Mo« i'd IV.mi it OIIIMIIIIII|/II Um church to prosc- enio liait win- It with lucriMisiiiL! zeal and exertion. Considering the ndvani'i'il hour ol' l\u-, uveuing, he snid, ho would simply contine himself lo eongmtiilulhig hi» reverend brother, Mr. Salmon, on Hie auspicious event which they winn thal evening assembled lo celébrale Ile rel'eri'i'il lo the opening of tho elegant place ol' wor- ship in which they wein IISMOIIIIIIIIII. lin om nosily preyed that tho lifo and physical and Illental energy of their reverend chniiinun might bu long spured to 1)11 tho ministry ol' that church with Hm etlleiency which hud chiii'itelorizctl his labours. The Hov. W. LIMISIIAINI: seconded tho resolution, mid in so lining dwelt, upnu tho iillluieiit IIHMKIIIIICO which Sunday schools hud ever lent, towards Ibo church. Anning the vurimis ngeiu ies which the church employed lor the glory of (¡od mid tho benefit ol' mun, Sabbath schools inhibí be considered one nf the best. Such schools might be rudd, lo be I he pinneorslcp in carrying out the work ni'Christ. Tiley wei n tho miseries ol' the church, and considering Hull, emly impressions were tho most abiding, it was mil lo ho wondered Hint Ibo numbul' of instances were so ninny wherein tho best und niOKfc useful ninn owed their principles lo thu touching which they bini received in Suhhalh schools. To tho IOAUIIS ol' Sabbath school leaching might he well applied tho words, "rust your hreiut upon Hie waters, mid you Hindi lind it after "ninny days." Seeing, then, how great all auxiliary lo Ibu church were the Sabbath schools, they should not cease Huir ufl'urls for their promotion ¡ bub should milter legurd thu success ol' the past its n reason, fur i-unewi-d exertions dining the future. In this respeut, they should adopt "excelsior" for their motto. In tho Sabbath schools were Hui ie seeds ol' religion i own, ntyl those gond impressions implanted, which lusted forever.. (Cheer's. 1 The resolution was put and unanimously adopted. The CIIAIIIMAN I'oturni'il Iiis thanks lo Hmso reverend (...ul lenten mid others who, by their presence I hui murn- ini', bini evinced their «'«ni.will Inwards himself mid tho c.ingivgiilion, mid expressed n boiin Hint, tho sumo friendly fooling which bail been inhibited on that occa- sion, should always rhurneloriso tho intercourse of oviuu gi'licnl lindie* ol'dhrislinlls. A p>ultu was sung mid pmy«rs ull'ei'oil, after which tba inditing disponed. t omi I'ASMIIIII:.-A ilepnrliire ('min " routine" hy I .mil l'lininiii o is a subject ol' complaint, by the London shipowners. Two transports were required hy tho (iovernnienl ; Messrs. Haines and Co. ol' Liverpool, sent in ti Inulto', bul it arrived idler the hour advertised, mill Hm Trtinspiii-t I timi d could mit receive il. Messrs. Haines went lu the Minister ol' War with their tenden he thought il peculiarly eligible, and on his own respoli. [ Hibility uci'opluu lt. -Liverpool l'apcr. 