LITERATURE. IIabits axd ^Ie.v, wit i Uemvantsof Recokd Torcu ixo the Makehs of Both. By Dr Poran, Author of ' Table Traits,' &e.; This is a set of chatty litcarv essavs noon matters 01 cur ous n>>te and record ehieflv concerning dress, many of which hav already en'ortained the readers of the Gentleman's Magoz'ne. Thev read l'kn the consents of a well- arranged and remarkably amusing scrap-book on a special subject, with a few words of running com mentary intro lured to "onnect st>rep with scrap. But the commentary is nr,ver commonplace. It shows everywhere the man who not onlv can road, hut caa think, to some nurpose, and who is always ready and nrenared to light up a f ivo'ite subject with pleasant iilust-a'ion from a score of others. His Traits and Soinethincf on T'i-'»i was an excellent hook of the same entertahaing kind, and tin's is in no respect inferior. e have oily to eo um.'al it wifh this word or two of hearty praise, and illustrate our commendation by a shred or two out of its store ci A better illustration of stag^ e is tame is .afforded us in the story of 'I think. Bens1-n't. He ha! to ploy Henry VI. in ' Richard the Tirvd ' After the mon arch's death in the early part of the play, he had to appear for a moment or two as his own ghost, in the fi'ft • act." The spirits were at that time exhibited ea buste, hv a trap. Now- our Heurv was invited out to supper, and being anxious to get there early, and know ing that little more than his shoulders would be seen by the public, he retained his small velvet vest and bugles; but, discarding the lower part of his stage cos« turns, lis drew on a jaunty pair of new, tight, nankeen pantmoons, to be as far dressed for his supper company ' as he could. "When he stood 011 the trap, lie cautioned i the men who turned the crank not to raise him as i high as usual, and of course they promised to obey. ! But s. wicked low comedian was a hand, whose love of mischief prevailed over his judgment, and he suddenly ; applied himself with such goodwill to the winch that he ' ran King Iienry right up to a level with the stage; and ' moreover gave his majesty such a jerk, thai lie was j forced to step from till trap on to the boards, to save 1 himself from tailing. The sight of the old Lancastrian ' monarch in a costume of two such different periods,— j mediaeval above, all nankeen and novelty below,—was j destructive of all decorum both before the stage and j upon itt l'lie aud enee emphatically 'split their sides : and as tor the tyrant in the tent, he sat bolt upright, ! and burst into such an insane roar, that the real Rich- ! avd could not have looked more frantieallv hysterical had ttie deceased Henry actually so visited him in the nankeen spirit." Me saw lately in a milliner's shop window " Raglan petticoats." Til ere is more wit in this notion of Bar mecide canes and waistcoats. "La llarpe was the vainest of men, aud the most un fortunate oi authors. His pieces were invariably fail ures ; but he used to speak of their success with as little rog ird to truth as the Czar X.c'u das and his Muscovite 'gentlemen' show, when, being thoroughly well beaten, they go and outrage Heaven with thanks for a victory. La H irpe's tragedy of ' Les Barmecides' was hissed oil the stag?; but he complacently pottered about its merits. He was one day riding in the Bois do Boulogne w.th the Duchess do Graniniout aud another lady, when a man was heard calling for sale ' Cannes a la Barmecide.' La Harpe rapturously summoned him to the carriage-door, at the request of the Duchess, who wished to make him a present of a walking-stick a la linrtnui7c, in celebration of the sucoss achieved by his tragedy. ' But why do you call your canes a It ' said La Harpe. ' I will show you,' said Hie in a n ; and hiking off the ivory he awhsle within, warranted to he shrill of note, and; which the vendor pron nmced to be very useful to own- i ers of g Kid dogs, .and hissers of bad tragedies. La; Harpe could have shed ' tears of bile,' says Beauni ir- ! clmis; and, what is worse, the story got' abroad, and j the tailors profited by it, and sporting vests with a little ! p icket to c irry a whistle, were immediately named < 'vestes a la B irmecide ' " "We cannot refuse a comer to the followingI •'Mr Joseph Gilbert, who h;ul been attached to the i astronomical service, in Captain Cook's exped tin i to j oo- crve the transit of h ciuh, aud whose name was con- i f'erred by the great navigator on ' Gilbert's Island.' i resided at Gosport; wh,ere, according to the fashion of I the day, lie, like the Count d'Artois, wore very tight . leather breeches. Tie had ordered his ta lor to'attend > on him one morning, wlnn his grand {.-.lighter, who ! resided with him, had iso ordered her shTem iker to i wa;t^ ui)on her. The young lady was seated in the ! breauf.sst-room, when the maker of leather breeches ; v. as shown in ; and, as she did not happen to know one handicraftsman mom than the other, she at once iuti mated that she wished him to measure licr for a pair of ' leathers, for, as she remarked, the wet weather was coming, and she felt cold in < cloth.' The modest tailor could hu'dly believe liis oars ' Measure you, Mis.s" said he with hesitation. ' If yon please',' said the j oiuig huh, who was remarkable for much gravity of deportment; 'mid I have only to beg that you will give iiv plenty of room, for I am a great walker, and I do not l'ke to wear anything that constrains me." ' But, Miss, exeluime 1 tlu; p >or fellow in perplexity, 'I never in my life measured a lady ; I ' and there lie j p '.us d. ' Are you u it a ladv's shoemaker was the I query calm'y put to him. 'By no means. Miss,' said j he; ' I am a leader breeches maker, and I have come ; to take measure not of vm, but Mr Gilbert.' The j young Inly b e imo perpl -xe.l too. but sli.» recovered. | her se'f-posse ail 1 sent the maker of breeches to her gran 'paoa." 1 And so we close rebictantly a volume as pleasant as it ! is suggestive. Dr Dorm has k"pt common-place bo ks to soni > purpose, ami we trust that their stores will contribute further, and on a variety of other subjects, to the entertainment of the public.- '-Examiner. JOIIX MITCIIEL'S "JAIL JOURNALS." Mr John Vitriol Mitchel, like Raleigh, but in a very different strain, " with his prison hours enriched the ! worldd Ills Ja>l Jo^rnah has ju-q been published in j Xew \ovk, and is as fii'l of shrieking and gibbering as j a forest of cockatoos and a " wilderness of monkeys." j TTis portraits of convict life are nevertheless, interest . ing: horribly lurkl. Mitchel writes in vitriol, coloured \ with lampblack. On bo nd the liulks the convict is | respected in proportion to his rascality : the de idliesi; • ?hu are, within his guilty breast, as so niunv orders of : merit gl stoning outwardly upon the hero. " One main -eatm*e -n convict life I have as-crtained ; to he deep and heartfelt respect for ntr >ciou< villanv,— j resnect the mar.- profound as the vi'laoy is more out . ragcous. . . . Scv -ral in-t incrs of this la-1, which I have been tol I me sine - I e tm > on bo i-d the Xeptu-ie, l remind in" of a wli'm-ieal illustration of the same j which I suv last vear. while I passed a few days hi tin ' I -nodo< ho'Pitai sliip. On mv arrival there, I had I .hardly been left alone in my cabin heave a convict ! softly entered. He was servant to tlm assDtant-sur | geon, and cane with ap'ne apnlo which his master had j sent me. The man was about lift v ye irs of age, but j wry stout aud active-looking, and highly couse j q-iential in his manner, as it so -n turned out he had ; a good right to be.—'I fru«f, .Sir,' sail lie, 'von will | find everything as von w'-li here;—if I can do any j tlihur for you I'm sure I shall he haopv -I'm Garrett ' : —'IVell, Gil-ret?' qiothl.-'G irre't. Sir, Girrctt: you I must kn nv all ah mt me; it was in all the papers ; Gar '■ reft, von. know " -."Never heard of you before, ; Garrett " —" Oh ! dear, ves, sir, vou must be qn.ite well aware of it —the great railway affhir. vou remember." — : "No, I do not"—"Oh! then I am Mr Garrett, who : wa cormcicd with f/ic —-—railway . (I forgot the name ; of the railway.) — Tt was a matt r of £40.000 I realised. ! Fortv thousand noun-Is, sir -1 -ft if behind mo, sir, whh i M'-s Garrett: she is living in England in very handsome ; s'ylo—1 have been h re now two years and like it very j well—devilish fine Itowii gills here,—I am very highly i thought of —created a groat sensation when I came. In j fact, until '/<>■( came. I was re-honed the first man in the >' colony. Forty thousand p >und«. «ir—not a farthing less. I —But now i/iiu have out me out." ! I rose and bowed t - th:s sublime rascal The over : whelming idea—that I should supersede a swindler of i forty thousand pounds powr, was too much for me. So I said, graciously how'ng, "Oh, sir, v ui do me toomueh honour; I am sure v-m are far more worthy the post of distinction. For-me, I nwer saw so much money, in all my life, as forty thousand pounds."—"My dear sir." ciiVI mv friend, ho wine back again—"Mv dear sir! but ! then you are a pri-one .* of slate, pitrio'ie martyr, and ! all that —Indeed, for my part, my l'ttle affair was ma 'la ! a eon rem of s'ato too. Lord John Rn-sell, since 1 ; cam? out here, had a private application made to me. offering to remit my whole sm'euee if I would dis close my method—the way I ha 1 done it, you know; they want to guard agai i-t. similar things in other lin^s. vou untie-stand." "I trust, sir." quoth I. respectfully, " vou treated the man's nppVeat'on ' with the contempt it deserved " The nr*e»*e.'inr winked j ; with one eve. 1 tried to wink, bud failing. In wed j ; again. " You mav he sure of that, sir," said he—" 'tis | very little I cave for aav of th en. I en] >v myu-1' here : very much—have never had a day's iluv-ss—verv often | go across to the nearest island to look a'ter Dr Beck's i ducks : Ah ! sir, there are two <>v three splendid <•■>- i loured girls on that island : then I sometimes corves• j pond with the newspapers;—have a private \\\av of j i gett;ng anything I please sent out. without these people | knowing anything about it— : have any document sent f >r you in a quiet wav, you ' i know;—of cou^e you will want to show up these res- i : cals now and then.' 'No, Garrett,' said I, getting j ! tired—' there, that will do, vou mav leave the ro in." A har l lvart and a good digestion, according to the • old French philosopher, were the happiest endowments 1 • of man. Mitchel's app kite, at least, never failed him, ' to h:s own astonishment ! •'Sourdine's I put tnvself to the question about ic— | how can I eat thu- hearth v of British convict rations? i —sbop thus calmly on a felon's iron bed:—receive in gracious-wisp the courte-d"* of (.'irthugiman gaolers, ; lookmg mv black destiny so placidly in th" face? Bv heaven ! it cannot be but I am irgo.m livered, and nek gel to make oppre-sum bitter. Go to—I will lash my. j self into suita'd* rage " I Mitehel ad so finds con«olati"n in the envy and hatred : | of his eo.f'dnns. One of them cabs him— j " A bloody convict like the res' !' The man is right ; and I am well pleased to hear the obswva'mn, and to j see the black s-owls that some of the prisoners give me ' when any amadou' bring- them to meet me on the pier. 1 . Bv ' Act of Parliament,' and by the verdict of a ' jury,' I am a felon, as thpv are, an l know no title I ] have to walk about ' like a gentleman' that is idle, v-hi'c j ' they work hard. Right, my fel m friend! I like to j know that such a feeling is astir; and trulv it could ■ hardly fail; these men, who have t * take off tlie'r hats , when thny speak to the pettiest guard of the ship, and j who dare not set foot on the quarter-deck, even if they : leave an errand there, without uncovering and making . low obeisance—'see me marching up and down the same quarter-deck, with mv hat on, and those very guards mad officers, now and then, when they meet me in a quiet place, touching their caps to «»•« :—the pris oners see all this, arid, of course, thev look black a id curse. It is the only wav thev know of at present, to express thmr indignation—and I hmour the;r cursing, and venerate their black look®, trusting that then- wreuh will fructify into an intellig nt and wholesome hatred of tkose damnable ' institutions' which make so much of gentlehood, and so ii'tle of manhood.—to wit, the glo . rious British constitution in church and Gate. Mitehel is i >r ever c ist fr nn the soil of Ireland ; the country, we hop , is fnr ever freed of such patriots as of the "vernvn driven into the sec, as the tradition runs, by St. Patrick. As a quiet answer to th:s yelling ; and whooping- by the vitriolic mountebank, we extract part of a letter written by Mr Henry Grattan, ex member for Meath, on the occasion of hie transmitting a subscription to the Patriotic Funi. Mr Grattan. asks— "Shall we not appeal to our entire country—bring forth the young blood of England and her noble aristo cracy, marshal the spirit of Irish chivalry, and invoke the fire of Sco'dau 1, their gallant greys aud their invin cible Highlanders, to extend around the iusp;ration of their newly-acquired glory and the brilliant halo that surrounds their deeds, so beautifully depicted in the writings of the Ti»>*s, that immortalise taeir name and transmit their history to everlasting renown r j " The Parliament is ab >ut to meet. Let her gracious I ..Vla;e3ty be told that the time for words is past, that her I empire requires action, and tint her people expect it; ! but they wi I look around tor an efficient leader, and j they look in viin for Lord Pal merit on—they miss him j fro u his proper station." j For my own part my line is taken. I will not bow ! before this northern Pandemonium, or tolerate this in- i corporation with Europe, nor ever bend the knee to the j Bel nils or Molochs or the present day, whether they ; come from Kamschutka or from Manchester. The j nation expects 4 indemnity for the past and security for the future and, as far as one humble individual can j go, I olibr my services. Should her Majesty honour ; me witii a commission, I propose to enrol a corps of j volunteers, aud as, in my younger days, along with > those spirited men, we received the thanks of both I houses of parliament for our offers in the service of our country, so we are now ready to show, though time has | blanched our locks it has not frozen our blood ; and as j we were tai led upon then to oppose one tyranny, so we shall not now succumb to another. "We are ready to j stand or fall by the side of Great ISritam ; hut we must j hold in our ha d the banner of fredbm. j When vitriolic Mitchel sh dl road the above fervent ' and manly avowal of true Irish patriotism, will he no ! "lash himself into a rage" very 'suitable" to ten i timers, or 0110 Milesian felon ? — Doaqlas Jerrold 9 Paper. 