REVIEW. Til HIT Y YEARS OP FOREIGN POLICY." (From the Spectator, December 30.) Tho writer of tins look had not in his previous work left us with any strong im- pression of his vigour of mind, large views, or even literary skill. In the po- litical and literary biography of Benjamin Disraeli, he expanded the matter of a good party pamphlet into a ponderous octavo volume, and weakened by simple force of tediousness what might have been a decisivo exposure of an arch impoRtcr. Tho subordination of detail to general effect is the moss important lesson that a literary artist, no less than a painter or sculptor, has to learn. In tho present work a similar fault is manifested in a dif- ferent manner. Thc detail is at once too great and too little,-too great for an inquiry into the principles of our foreign policy for tho last thirty years, too-little for a diplomatic history of tho period : tho work consequently is neither history nor political philosophy ;. it neither furnishes facts sufficient to enable a reader to reason out conclusions, nor states reasoned con- clusions of its own ; nnd BO it assumes that least interesting or useful form which historical investigation cnn assume, a rcchrtufl'c of newspaper summaries nnd House of Commons speeches. To those already acquainted with thc details ot our recent foreign policy it may servo as n rcmindor and a resume ; to others it cnn bc of little uso or interest, because it re- quires a knowledge they do not possess to animate and clotho its skeletons of events with flesh and blood -, »nd it docs not ovoti furnish what nil such resumes aro bound to supply, copious and accuvato rofcroncos to authorities. Moreover, the writer, by maintaining tho anonymous, divests his opinions of any intcrost that mignt bolong to thom ns his, or as representative of any particular class or party ; while no pecu- liar charms of stylo or originality of thought, or even extent of knowledge, lend thom an interest apart from tho matter to which they refer or thc person to whom they bolong. Ile has, besides, chosen n point of viow for which his mode and scale of trcatmont aro quito inadequate. Tlicro arc two modas in which n history of tho foreign policy of this country during any woil defined period may bc satisfactorily treated. The one is to disregard altogether tho per- sonal viows and characters of tho agents of that policy ; to consider only thc resulting acts as thc acts of thc nation, and to weigh their effects upon tho progress of the world and of tho country from which they ctnanato. That would bc scientific his- tory ; and, if written by an impartial per Bon of sufficiently enlarged viows anti pos- sessed of the requisite knowledge, it would have profound interest, mid contain most important practical lessons. Tho other pinn would bo to exhibit tho conflict of personal and party intorosts, tho influenae of individual chnrnctor mid opinions, upon thc cnuvso of diplomatic) intercourse ; a pinn which, if not HO pregnant with instruc- tion ns tho other, would compensnto hy its piquant traits, its dramatic life, its revela- tion of motives, in n vast nccossion ol amusing biographical matter. -The pre- sent writer has adopted neither pinn. I le professes to view foreign policy from the ? 'J'lilrly Year» FuruliM l'oIU'y. A. lllntor.v nf tim Nrcrcilnryalitpa nf lliu Bnt\ at Afmritm'ii lind Vlwotiiil riilmuMliiii. Hy llio Author of "Tim lltftlit ltoiioriiblu ll lltnrntiU, JU'., ii l.llornry und VotlUcnt lHoijrapliy," l'libllslii'd by Longman,' nuil Co. t English Foreigp'Offioo.; But^not to. say, that he thereby deprives: himself of all the, advantago of a non-official poBÍtion-and fully allowing the interest that attaches-to a vindication of the Foreign department of the cabinet-bow is it possible that he br any one else but the Foreign Se- cretary for the time being, and in a less degree his colleagues, can attain, the point of view of tho Foreign Office ? He can indeed retail and condense the official vindications of their own policy delivered from time. to time in parliament by the Foreign Ministers; he can study blue books, and gather together tho political gossip of the coteries. But tho, English public does not need to be. informed that these aro, if our best,- at any rate very fal- lible indications of tho real motives which actuate Foreign Secretaries ; and that long years must in most cases elapse beforo the intricacies and mysteries of even the most important diplomatic ar- rangements are partially cleared up and revealed. We aro beginning now, just when the treaty of Vienna is passing away and a new arrangement of Europe seems imminent, fully to understand the motives and conduct of thc principal par- ties to that precious negotiation. So it will bo with tho great event* which mark the crisis of our foreign policy since 1815. When all the actors aro off the stage when death has dropped the curtain, and players, prompters, and excited spectators ore all ~ playing quite other parts on the further shoro of Styx-wo or our children shall know tho story of the foreign policy of England during the forty-years peace. The writer of this book has therefore anti- cipated thc time for tho proper perform- ance of his task. Ho has no means for attaining tho point of view from which he professes to judge ; and the result answers to the condition. We have, ns we said, nothing in this book but a reohauffo of newspaper summaries and Hansard. In- deed, a mere.reprint of the famous debate in June 1850 on Lord Palmerston's foreign policy would furnish more ex- haustivo treatment of tho subject than tho writer's resume, and, to our tasto, be far more interesting reading. Certainly, an author has a right to se- lect Iiis own subject and manner of treat- ment ; and when he clearly annonncos that his object is to narrato the foreign policy of tho last thirty years from the Downing Street point of view, we have no right to charge it upon him as a fault or a failure that ho has not dono something quite different. But we contend that thu Downing Street point of view, so far as it is at present attainable by a writer not in the confidence of tho Foreign Minister, is better exhibited in Hansard than in this book ; and that such a choice, when the scientific point of view was open, stamps the character of the writor's mind uomis takeably as commonplace, " unidoa'd," and of the parliamentary reporter order. And this is our charge against tho book, riot so much that the writer fails in his purpose, at that his purpose is one which no man of great capacity or of large views could by any possibility have limited himself to excopt for somo special political end. Perhaps tho writer has a political end. Ho takes for bis toxt that remarkable de- claration of Lord Aberdeen on the forma- tion of tho coalition government, " Tho truth is, my lords, that though thora may have been difference in thc execution ac-, cording to the different hands intrusted with the direction of affairs, the principles of tho loreign policy or uiu uouiitij-i.-" <."" *iia last thirty years been thc sanie." What Lord Aberdeen meant by this conciliatory remark is to bo judged by the circum- stances under which it was dcliverod ; and it plainly had no moro extension than those circumstances. Ho monnt, that no such irreconcilable differences in their viows of thc relations of England to foreign coun- tries existed between himsolf and Lord Palmerston as to render their union in ono government impossible except by a compromiso disgraceful to ono or both of thom. If the wriror of this volume thought a declaration made under such cir- cumstances worthy of detailed proof-if, in his regard for tho character of thc Coalition Government, he could not let the speech pass for what it was meant, as a token that bygones woro bygonos, and that an iinportnnt poli'icnl crisis demanded sacrifices of individual opinions nnd tem- perament-he was nt least bound to go to tlio bottom of the mutter, and to show what really have been tho principles aï opposed to tho practice, tho polioy as op- posed to the oxocution of tho policy, illus- trated during tho tenure of tho Foreign Office by Lord Aberdeen and Lord Palmer- ston respectively. But hoJias done nothing of the sort. So far, inuocd, is he from interpreting and developing Lord Aber- deen's distinction, that he obliterates it ; and, by his showing, not only tho polioy and principles lint thc practico and temper of tho two Secretaries have been tho same, identical, continuous, and unchanged, from 1828, when Lord Aberdeen bocame tho Duke ol Wellington's Foreign Minister, tn 1851, when Lord John Russell bundled Lord Palmerston out in a suicidal fit of punie mid offended sclf-importauco, to judge from tho public speeches which pro- fessed to explain that romurkablo Whig mancouvro. Now this is a caro in which both Lord Aberdeen and Lord Palmerston would, wo think, exclaim, «« Savo mc from my friends I " becauso, in fact, tho main- tenance of tho theory, while ostensibly and sincerely urged iu dufonco of their present union, iixos upon much of their pvuvioim conduct a brand o l'1'a uti o ii and insincerity, which, though good ground there may fio for tlie (¡hurgo against all our public mon, would hu i n this case particularly marked and conspicuous. So that even nan party painphlot, intended to vindicate a fiiit accompli, tho book fails ; and it is a atirking proof ol' tho author's ino.mnotcnco to grasp a principle, or to find his way to an inductive généralisation, that, with Lord Aborileeu,s Hunteuco bufuro him, ho has nowhere attempted to state what tho prin- cipies of that thirly-ycai'd loroign policy which he nárrales lia ve been. Possibly snell a' statement would not bo easy ', pos- sibly noither Lord Aberdeen nor Lord Palmerston could mould their leading piinciplea into any statement that went beyond vague gnnernlitiua an dat tho enivic time kept strictly to truth. At least, no such statement was attempted by the latter | in the debato upon his policy, if we loave out the fatuous cant of (he "ci vis Romanus," so admirably exposed by Mr, Gladstone on that occasion. But if there are not well defined principios of English Foreign policy,-if we bavo hod only expedients for each case as it arose, one law for strong nations and another for weok -one law when retrenchment and peace were tho order of the day, another when tho honour of England and the interests of humanity were the fashion, -it would be equally tho business of a writer dealing with a chaotic mass of ovents to discuss the casual principle of the chaos. But no feeling for such philo- sophic treatment is manifested by this writer ; a dreamy, hazy generality, that obscures alike, fact and principle,' reduces men and events to tho same shadowy, ghost-like unreality, marks tho character of his mind, and deprives his book of in- terest and vitality. He has missed even the obvious and essential point of the per- sonal character, intellect, and tempera- ment, of tho two men, whoso policy lie describes in detail. Much of tho differ- ! once botweon tho conduct of the Foreign Office when Lord Palmerston hold it and when Lord Aberdeen held it is attributable solely to these porsonal peculiarities. Palmerston, for tho last twenty-four years, has appeared before tho world in thc cha- racter of a clever, alert, good-humoured man, to whom the exorcise of his faculties in written discussion has becomo a ne- cessary excitement. Ho pipes when debarred from tho arena in which he-can display his adroitness, his courage, his readiness of resource, his glibness of sar- casm and arroganco of admonition, his suavity of demeanour, and cool self-pos- session. But his malice is akin to that of tho prize-fighter-ho plants his most telling blows with a smile of good humoured satisfaction, that thinks much moro of thc cleverness and skill ho is displaying, of tho healthy exercise ho is giving his intellectual and moral muscles, than of tho pain ho inflicts upon his adversary. Imperturbably easy in his own minci, ana donating matters in which his own country has but a sympathetic and indirect iuterest, ho wonders at the petulance nnd touchiness of tho foreign statesman who wince under his well aimed sarcasms and plain-spoken re- proofs; forgetting that deserved reproof is not that which is most easily borne, that advice perfectly good in itself may defeat its own object wlien offered where it is not asked for, that all interference with indepondent na- tions is impertinence, and that what to him is simple matter for intel- lectual activity or moral sympathy is often to the other party in tho discus- sion a matter of very existence. We do not protend to point historical portraits, but these traits are obvious from thc merest publio knowledge of Lord Pal- merston's career. It would not bo too much to soy that Lord Aberdeen is the exact opposite of all this. He is a taci- turn man of business, who looks to tho importance of tho thing to be done, not to tho pleasuro or vanity of doing it ; who is positively averse to oratorical display, and has no taste for controversy ; a man of no brillianco, of no enthusiasm natural or factitious, but distinguished for serious- ness, sobrioty, caution, sincerity, a sense of duty, and of the important practical íntnrflsts which every word of an English Foreign Minister a"oniv affcot. Add to this, extensive acquaintance with tho loading European statesmen of the carly portion of this century, and we have a combination of qualities as woll marked as those of his eminent rival, but of a quito different ordor. And their personal characteristics have strongly impressed themselves upon tho policy of each. Had the author of the book wo are reviewing only taken in this personal clomont, so absolutely essential to his own selected point of view, he might have usefully amplified Lord Aberdeen's text. Had he furthermore shown tho connection of foreign policy with the plan of our domos tic policy, lie would perhaps have toler- ably exhausted all that tho present Prime Minister had in his mind when ho spoke of diffurenco of execution. But, having omitted tho moro important part of his task, thc statomont of tho essential and permanent principles of English foreign policy sinco Lord Castlereagh found him- self compollcd to break looso from the Holy Alliuncc, he has, of course, not folt tho importnnco of noting any differences; and Lord Aberdeen's sentiment becomes, through Iiis interpretation, a barren truism, or rather, when compared with facts, an absolute falsehood. As n stock 'A old matter compendiously nod chronologically nrrangol, this book might furnish nmplo scopo for reflection to a quarterly reviewer ; and to tho con- temporary annalist it supplies reminis- cences of particular interest as bonffng upon events now in progress. Hero ia ono that ought to bring, a blush to tho cheek of some of our no/sy dcclaimors ngainst Lord Aberdeen's "Russian ten- dencies." Tho writer has been spooking of the " untoward event" of Naval ino. nut tho English Opposition thought very dif fcrcntly. They »oro indignant that tho Duko of Wellington should hnvo consldorod tho affair of Navarino ns untoward ¡ they woro indignant that 'I'urUoy should havo hoon called an ancient nlly ¡ Sultin .Mahmoud was olnssod in their doolamn tlotis "ltd tho tyrants of tho continent ; and they uttcorly reproached tho Ministers for doctoring Hint it was necessary to maintain tho Turkish oinpiro. At tho mooting of Parllnmont in 1S23, Lord Holland, who always spoko with much dog- matism on foreign iiil'iirs, could scarcely find words to express lils horror nt nny oxprosBlon of sympathy for tho Ottoman oinpiro, unit enthu- siastically defended tho tiattlo of Navarino. Tho Llboral Members of tho House of Commons wont quito ns far ns tho Whig l'oora in their detesta- tion of Turkey, nnd in llioir want of sympathy for lier wrnnjjs. Mr. Brougham doulitrod that thu mittle of Navarino was ii «loiluus, n brilliant, a ileoUlvp, an Immortal achievement ¡ und ovoii Lord .lohn llussoll thauaht it ns honest n victory ns lnid over boon gained from tho beginning of thu world. Tho success of Itussla in tho campaign of 18Î0 dill not In tho slightest dugroo nliirui tho lllu3 trions politicians of tho Opposition, nor lnditco thom to soften their hotrod to Turkey. Tho moro it became necessary lo put a »top to tho progross of Russia, tho moro thu Whips uotidcmuud Lord , Aberdeen and tho Duke of Wollitigton for 011 I do.ivourlug to siivo tho Ottoman oinpiro. Tho Miuisturs wuro f ir from nloasud nt tho conso« . rpioiicos of tho policy whiou they inherited. Tho Dukeilftid that it\\._ a , tho basis of our ltTíS°*n^n«,7''«>'had ,ottI(1 whon ho or his ooiloCT0" w,,h .Groooi> I but to doubt of its wi8don?,rVn0",tur;e,. "'""r tim« thom ol not sympathising,';,Il,n,d «oousai »nd of wishing to soo tho WIAW TA*1 6Pf"foru, At «io beginning of tho session OT'Â'8"1' tho fooblonoss of Turkoy and tho am. . whon Russin had boen so plainly domonstt»toií'on ot* Lord Ilolland, had he dosorvod tho ct " statosman, might havo boon oxpoetod i" k whoso gamo ho was playing. Tho poor». if'J taken tho alarm as soon ns tho nows *î that the lino of tho Balkan had boon for Ï4 and that n Russian nrmy was marehinffH' Adrinnoplo. Rumours of strange import hw also boon spread abroad. It was whispered thtf a soorot compact lind boen oonoludod botwerà tho King ot Prnnoo and the Emperor of Russia by whioh tho Bourbons wero to oxtena tholr dominions to tho Rhino, and Nicholas tooeour>» Constantinople. « It was nt suoh a momentous orisis that-or» legislators assomblod for tho Parliamentary IM son. Even thon tho oyos of Lord Holland aid tho Whigs wore not'oponod. This nobleman nttnokod Lord Abordoon, not for dostroyintr but for saving Turkoy ; not for persuading tho Sultan, to agroo to tho treaty of Adrianoplo, but for not ' permitting tho Czar to take all tho Turkish em piro. "As a oitlzon of the world," said Lord Ilolland, "I am sorry that tho nussUns hara not taken Constantinople." Tho Duko of wci lington expressed-himself strongly on the imper, tanoo and tho duty of upholding Turkey- »nd ' Lord Abordoon reminded L*>rd Holland that Mr. Fox had also boon of tho samo opinion. Tbs Whigs woro angry with tho Foreign Soorotary {« assorting that their favourite loader over thought nf opposing tho designs of Russiao» of supporting _ Turßoy. Lol.a Holland in thé House of Lords, nna w,, Jplln Ru3SÛ" ¡n g» Houso of Commons, both poimiMij, ,innioa TQ Mr. Fox over hold suoh a notion. " Whon suoh woro tho Iden s of tho prinolpsl statosmon of tho Opposition, it is too muoh now for writers to turn round and blame Lord Abor deon for having boon tho friond of tho Czar. Tho Russians had almost readied tho suburbs of Con. stantinoplo ; tho Turks had noithor a fleet nor nn army to opposo to tho hosts of Nioholas ; their strongest fortresses were ocoupiod by Russian garrisons ; tho Ottoman omplro was on tho vor» of ruin ¡ instoad of wondering that Turkoy lost so muoh by tho treaty of Adrinnoplo, wo may bo thankful that sho did not loso her nil. Tho patt must not bo judgod by tho prosont. We aro now unanimous on tho justioo of tho war against Russia, nnd.in favour of Turkey. Rut had Lord . Abordoon and tho Duko of Wellington doolarod w»r in 1820 in dofonoo Of Turkoy, they would havo boon strongly opposed by a moro formidable section of Liberal politicians than o vor resisted Pitt when he oommoncod hostilities against the French llenublioans. Yot, with publia opinion but partially in their favour, tho Ministors cou. r.igeously contemplated hoUilltias. It is indii. puttblo that tho Administration of tho Duko of Wellington nover would have pormittod tho Ru», sinn battalions to ontor Constantinople ; that they had oomo to an ngrcemont with Austria to opposa tho advnnco of tho Czar; and that thoy had ordarod tho English Admiral, if all moans of pacification failed, to seize tho Russian floet ia tho Mediterranean. This they did in tho face of tho Opposition. This they did whon religious fanaticism, popular prejudices, and Liberal ontha-i slasm, woro ntl against tho causo of tho Sultan, It is therefore not without reason that Lord Abordoon latoly put in his claim to havo writtea niid dono as muoh in opposition to Russia ns any English statosman. We entirely coincido with tho writer in tho following opinion as to tho real effect which thc efforts of thc Peace pnrty havo had in producing the war with Russia in which we nro now engaged. Tho future historian will nomo day havo to mord whnt an important part tho 1'oaoo Sooloty bas played on tho breaking out of tho groat war for tho security of Europo. Tho Emperor of nunki trusted to the orations of tho fnnntio.il votaries of poaoo in 1853, ns ho formerly trusted to tho speeches of tho Opposition when ho dictntod tho treaty of Adrinnoplo. Experience, tho surest of guides In polltlonl affairs, lind taught him that in 1820 tho Duko of Wellington and Lord Abordoon, with their oyes opon to tho cot sequonces of tho unfortunate treaty, had been obliged to ncquicsoo in it : nnd that oven Sir Robert Gordon, tho brother of tho English Foreign Soorotary, had advisod thn Sultnn to nooopt those hard conditions of penoo rather thnn continua a ruinous war. How aould tho Northorn Autoorat oxpoot that tho rosult would havo boon different in tho prosont day ? Woro not some of tho mem bora oftho Peaeo Sooloty ns influential politicnnl as tho noblo Lords nnd honourable gontlomcn who scouted tho idoa of defending Turkey twenty-six yoars ago ? Had thoy not spokon tho sonso of thoir oountrymon in tho groat national struggle r>.?alnst monoply so that ovon tho groat and power- ful government of Slr Robert Pool had boon un ablo to offor n suooossful roslstanoo to tho popular agitators ? Wore not tho blosslngs of ponoo ss obvious to tho multitude ns thoso of ohoap broad t Could it lio nntlolpntod that Mr, Cobden, so omni- potent in his aOvouuujr ur uno uuuso, would bo so powerless in nnothor ? Wore not tho principal Govornmonts of tho-Contlnent ns friendly to Rus- sia in 1853 ns in 1820 ? In 1829, there was the ablo minuter of Austria prcpnrod to offor a doter mined opposition to tho nttnek on Turkoy, nnd tho Austrian ompiro was thon poworful and indepen- dent: but in 1853, with Austria almost n depen- dency of Hnssin, nnd hor politicians bitterly hostile to England, tho greatest obstacle to tho subjuga- tion of tho sultan was removed. And what was there to four from tho rost of Europo ? what chanco was thoro of any suooossful combination against Russia ? Prussia was at this time, as in 1829, tho ally and friond of tho Cuni*. A Napoloon had just nsconded tho throne of Franco ; tho just np prohonlons of England had boon excited ; tho en- glish nowspnpors woro almost unanimously repro- bating in tho most unmeasured torms tho now rulor of France, and oven Cabinet Ministors on tho hustings lind givon freo utterance to tho samosen tlmonts. What probability wns there that nn al llanoo botweon Franco nnd Englnnd, . willoh for twunty yonrs bad provonted tho hollow truco' bc twoon ltuasla and Turkey from being ostensibly disturbed, could again bo comontcd under a ' Napoleon T Tho English Ministors would doubt- less protest against nnothor invasion of Turkoy; but did not Lord A bordeen himself vigorously pro tost ngainst the treaty of Adrinnoplo without war having followed ? This pnrnllcl botwoon the atrito of Europo in 1320, and that nt tho moment whon Prlnoo Mcn sohiltolf went on his celebrated mission to Constan- tinople, willoh hornlded tho present war, may show that there was nothing so wild and imprudent in tho recent attempt on tho Ottoman ompiro as has been roprcsontod. Appoirancos woro decidedly in favour of Russin. Tho moment was well chosen. Nono who laWy consider tho oireum stnncosof tho two epochs of 1820 and 1853 will ven- tura to nfHrin that tluro was muoh probability of n groat European' «var tn defence of Turkoy, nftor so many your« of peaco and so much passlvo sub- mission to .Russian aggression. This was not tho not of n mad Kmporor ; thoro was much mothod Ju puoh madness. Tho l'eiioo Sooicly must bo blamod for tho prosont wnr, ns tho Whigs nndMiot Lord Abordocn must bo blnmod for tho treaty of Adrianoplo. Had tho Opposition of tlmt day boon ns oonsotous ns tho Alinlstors of tho dangar attending Russian aggression-had tho pooplo boon thon ns unani- mous for war ns thoy were for preserving peace lind tho Ltbornls boen as onthusiastlo for tho Turks ns they wore for tho Crooks-tho Govern- ment might havo cordially joined with Austria and havo dotted tho Russian powor. But to monaco War whllo resolved at nil hazards to maintain penca, to provoke dnnger nnd then to sneak out of lt, would havo boon utterly unworthy of any English Ministry, nnd especially of nn Adminis- tration In willoh tho Duko of Wollington was Primo Mlnistor. Tho dogreo of Ignornnoo ' willoh has prevailed on tho negotiations of 1820, nnd on all tho circumstances relating to thu Eastorn ques- tion, ls really astonishing. Eminent politicians In tho llousoof Commons, who havo boon regarded ns authorities on foreign policy, havo spoken of Lord Abordoenns tho milker or tho very treaty ngnlust which ho protested. Tho Minister who has boen ncousod of being in longuo with tho bm pororof Russin was, in fnot, fur bojond his ag* whon lu 18:'» ho saw tho Imperativo nooosBlty ot resisting nil encroachment upon Turkoy. > If wo might oH'eï a word of advice lo tho writer ol' this volume, it would be to limit hiuiFolf to pamphlots of modornte length on the topics of tho day.' He may succeed whore sensible viows, niodoraU knowledge, and n Huent facility of lt>n gungo, directed to tho elucidation of par- ticular points, or tho support of particular monsurcu, uro alono rerptirod. For thc higher sphere oftho historian or political philosopher, ho has not, ns yet at least displayed a single tjualtfioatioii. 