CHRISTMAS, 1854; THE SEVEN POOR TRAVELLERS. HY. CUAJILU8 DICKENS, THE SIXTH "WAS the little 'widow.. She had been sitting by her self in the darkest corner of the room all this time ; her pale face often turned anxiously toward the door, and her hollow eyes watching restlessly, as if she expected some one to appear. She was very quiet, very grateful for any little kindness, very meek, in the midst of her wildness. There was a strained expression in her eyes, and a certain excited air about her altogether, that was very near insanity ; it seemed as if she had once been terrified by some sudden shock, to the verge of madness. . "When her turn came to speak, she began in a low voice-her eyes still glancing to the door-and spoke as if to herself rather than to the rest of ua ; speaking I low but rapidly-somewhat like a somnambule re- peating a lesBon. . " ,.',,,, They advised me not to marry him (she began). They told me he was wild- unprincipled-bad ; but I did not care for what they said. I loved him and I disbelieved them. I never thought about his good- ness-I only knew that he was beautiful and gifted be- yond all that I had ever met with in our narrow so- ciety. I loved.him, with'no passing school-girl fancy, but with my whole heart-my whole soul. I had no "0 j°y> no hope without him, and heaven would W-TJe been no heaven to me if he had not been there, 'iteay all this, simply to show what a madness of devo- tion mine WJS. My dear mother was very kind to me throughout. She had loved my father, I believe, almost to the game extent; so that she could sympathise with me ' even while discouraging. She told me that I was wrong and foolish, and that I should repent : but I kissed away the painful lines between her eyes, and made her smile when I tried to prove to her that love was better than prudence. So we married : not so much without the consent as against the wish of my family ; and even that wish withheld in sorrow and in love. I remember all this now, and see the true pro- portions of everything ; than, I was blinded by my passions, and understood nothing. We went away to our pretty, bright home in one of . the neighbourhoods of London, near a park. We lived therefor mnny months-I in a state of intoxication rather than of earthly happiness, and he was happy, too, then, for I am sure he was innocent, and I know he loved me. Oh, dreams-dreams ! I did not know my husband's profession. Ile was always busy and often absent ; but he never told me what he did. There had been no settlements either, when I married. He said he had a conscien- tious scruple against them ; that they were insulting to. a man's honour, and degrading to any husband. This was one of the reasons why, at home, they did not wish mo to marry him. Hut I was only glad ta be able to show . him how I trusted him, by meeting his wishes, and refusing, on my own account, to accept the legal protection of sottlements. It was such a prido to mo to sacrifice all to him. Thus ] knew nothing of his real lil's-his pursuits or his for- tunes. I never asked him any questions, as muer from indifference to everything but his love, as from c wifely blindness of trust. When, he came home ai night, sometimes very gay, singing opera songs and calling me his little Medora, ns hi used, when in a good humour, . I wai gay too, and grateful. And when hi came home moody and irritable-which he used to do often, after we had been married about three months once even threatening to strike me, with that fearfu glure in his eyes I'remember so well, and used to sei so often afterwards-then I was patient and silent, ant never attempted even to take his hand or kiss his fore head when he bade me be still and not interrupt him He was my law, and his approbation the sunshine o my life ; so that my very obedience was selfishness for my only joy was to see him happy, and my onl; duty to obey him. My sister carno to visit us. My husband had seei very little of her before our marriage ; for she hui often been from homo when he .was with us, down h Hurst Farm, that was the name of my dear mother' place - and I had always fancied they hai not liked even the little they had seen c each other. " Ellen was never loud, or impor túnate in her opposition. I knew that she did na like the marriage, but she did not interfere. I remem ber quite well the p.nly time Bhc spoke openly to me oi the Bùbject, how she flung herself at my knees with passion very rare in her, beseeching me to pause am reflect, as it' I had sold myself to my ruin when I pro misod to be Harry's wife. How she prayed ! Poo Ellen ! I can see her now, with her heavy, uncurle hair falling on her neck as she knelt half un dressed, her large eyes full of ? agony and,supplicu tion, like a martyred saint praying. PoortEUen ! thought her prejudiced then ; and this unspoken in justice has lain like a heavy crime on my heart eve since : for I know that I judged her wrongfully, an that I was ungrateful for her love. She came to see us. This was about a year and half after I married. She was more .beautiful tha ever, but somewhat sterner ns well as sadtler. She wi tall, strong in person, and dignified in manner. The was a certain manly character in her beauty, as well ¡ in her mind, that made one respect and fear h too a little. I do not mean that she was masculin or hard, or. coarse: she was a true woman in gra and gentleness ; but she was braver than women general. She had m-re selfrreliance, was more re's lute and steadfast, rind infinitely less impulsive, ai was more active and powerful in body. . . ' My husband was Very kind to her..'. He: paid h great attention ; and sometimes I half perceived th he liked her'almost better than he liked me-he us to. looked at her so often', but with stich a stran expression 'in his eye's! I never could qu: make it out, whether it-'was love or hate. . Oe tainly, after she came his manner changed, to war me. I was not jealous. I did not suspect tl change from any Email feeling of wounded self-lo or from any envy of my sister ; but I saw it-I felt in my heatt-yet without connecting it with Ell in any way. I.-knew that he no longer loved i as he used to do; but I did not think he lo\ lier; at least, not with the same kind of love. I us ? to be surprised at Ellen's conduct to him. She v more than cold ; she was passionately rude and x kind ;'. not so much when I was there as when I v away. For I used to hear her voice speaking in thi deep indignant tones that are worse to bear than I harshest scream of passion ; and sometimes I used hear hard words'-he! speaking'.-ut the first soft n pleadingly, oftew to end in a terrible burst of atlj and imprecation. I could not understand why tl quarrelled. There was a'mystery between them thu did not know.of; mid I did not Uko to ask them, fe was afraid of them both-as much afraid of Ellen as my husband-and-1 felt like u ried between them if Í should have been crushed'beneath any stort might chancle to wake up. So, I was silent-suffer alone, arid beating a cheerful face so far ns I could. Ellen wanted me to return home with her. Si after she came,' and soon after I heard the first disp between them, she urged me to. go back to Ht Farm at once, and for a long time. Weak as I by nature,' it hus always fieen a marvel to me sir how strong I was where my love for my husband ' concerned. It seemed ? impossible for me to yield any pressure ;against him. I believe now that a v angel could not have turned me from him ! At last she said to me in a low voice : " Mary, 1 is madness ! -it is almost sinful ! Can you not se can you not heur ?" And then she stopped and wo say no more, though I urged her to tell me what meant. For thia terrible mystery began to weigh me painfully, and, for all that I trembled so mud futhom it, I had begun to feed that any truth woulc better than such a life of dread. I seemed to be li\ among shadows ; my very husband and sister not r for their lives wore hidden from me. But I was timid to insist on any explanation, and so things v on in their old way. In one respect only, changing still more painfu still more markedly ; in my husband's conduct to He was like another, creature altogether to me n he was so altered. He seldom spoke to me at all, he never spoke kindly. All that I did annoyed 1 all that I said irritated him; and once (the 1 widow covered her face with her hands, and si: dered) he .spurned me; with his foot, and cursed one night in our own room, when I knelt wee] before him, supplicating him for pity's sake to tel howl had offended him.- But I said to myself he _ was tired, annoyed, and . that it was tating to see a loving woman's tears; and I excused him, as oftentimes before, and wen! loving.him all the same-God forgive me for idolatry ! Things had bsen very bad of late between Ellen my husband; But the character of their discord changed. Instead of reproaching, they watched other incessantly. They put me ia mind of fence my husband on the defensive. .'Mary," said my sister tb me' suddenly, comb thc sofa where I was sitting embroidering my baby's cap. . " What does your Harry do in What is his profession ?" She fixed her eyes on me earnestly. "I do not know, darling." I answered, vag " He has no profession that I know of." "But what fortune has he then? Did heno you what his income was, and how obtaintd, whe married ? To us, he said only that he had so much a year-a thousand a year ; and he would Bay no more. But, has he not been more explicit with you ?" " No," I answered, considering ., for, indeed, thad never thought of this. I had trusted so blindly to him in everything that it would have seemed to me, a profound insult to have even asked of his affairs. " No, he never told me anything about his fortune, Ellen. He gives me money when I want it, and is always generous. He seems to have plenty ; when- ever it is asked for, he has it by him, and gives me even more than I require." . Still her eyes kept looking at me in that strange manner. " And this is all you know ? " "Yes-all. What more should I wish to know ? Is he not the'husband, and has lie not absolute right , over everything ! I have no business to _ interfere." Tho words sound harsher now than they did then, for I spoke lovingly. Ellen .touched the little cap I held. " Does not this make you anxious?" she said. " Can you not fear as a mother, even while you love as a wife ? " "Fear, darling! Why? What'should I fear, or whom ? What' is there, Ellen, on your heart?" I then added passionately, "Tell me at once;, for I know that you have some terrible secret concealed, from me ; and I would rather know any- thing-whatever it may be-than live on longer in this kind of suspense and anguish ! It is too much for me to bear, Ellen." She took my hands. " Have you strength ?" she said, earnestly. " Could you really bear the truth ?" Then seeing my distress, for I had fallen into a kind of hysterical fit-I was very delicate then-she shook her head in despair, and, letting my hands fall heavily on . my lap, said in an under tone, " No, no ! she is too weak--too childish!" Then she went up stairs abruptly ; and I heard her walking about her own room for nearly an hour after, in long steady steps. I have often thought that, had she told mo then, and taken me to her heart-her strong, brave, noble heart-I could have derived courage from it, and could have borne tho dreadful truth I was. forced to know afterwards. But the strong are so impatient with us ! They leave us too soon-their own strength revolts at our weakness ; so we are often left broken in this weakness, for want of a little patience and sym- pathy. Harry came in, a short time after Ellen had left me. " What has she been anying ?" he cried, passionately. His eyes were wild and bloodshot ; his beautiful black hair flung all in disorder about his face. " Dear Harry, she has said nothing about you," I answered, trembling. "She only asked what was your profession, and how much we had a year. That was all." " Why did she ask this ? What business was it of hers ? " oriod Harry, fiercely. " Tell me ; " and he shook me roughly ; " what did you answer her, little fool?" '. Oh, nothing ;" and I began to cry : it was because he frightened me. " I said, what is true, that I knew nothingof your affairs, as indeed what concern is it oi mine ? I could say nothing more, Harry." " Better that thnii too much," ho muttered ; and then he flung me harshly back on the sofa, saying, " Tears and folly and weakness ! The same round always the same ! Why did I marry a mere pretty dol -a plaything-no wife?" - And then he Beemsd to think he had sait too much : for he came to me and kissed me, and said that he loved me. But for the first time in oiir mar- ried life his kisses did not sooth me, nor did I believe his assurances. All that night I heard Ellen walk steadily and un- resting through her room. She never slackened he: pace, she never stopped, she never hurried ; but. thi same slow measured tread went on ; the firm foot, ye light falling, as if to music, her very stop the sarai mixture of manliness and womanhood as her cha racter. Attar this buT3t of passion, Harry's tender ness to me became unbounded ; as if he wished ti make up to me for sume wrong. I need not say hov soon I forgave him, nor how much I loved him again AU my love came back in one full boundless tide ; am the current of my being set towards him again as be fore. If he had asked me for my life then, as his mer fancy, to destroy, I w-mld have given it him Iwouli have' lain down and died, if he had wished to see th flowers grow over my grave. My husband and Ellen grew more estranged as h: affection seemed to return to me. His manner to he was defying ; hers to him contemptuous. I heard he call him villain once, in the garden below the window * at which he laughed-his wicked laugh, and sai " Tell her, and soe if she will believe you !" I was sitting in the window, working. It was cold damp day in the late autumn, when those chi! fogs of November are just beginning ; those fogs wit the frost in thom', that steal into one's very heart. 1 was a day when a visible blight is in the air, whe death is abroad everywhere, and suffering and crimi I was alone in the drawing-room. " Ellen WOB upstair and my husband, as I believed, in the. city. But have remembered since, that I heard tKë hall-doc softly opened, and a footstep steal quietly by tl drawing-room up the stairs. The evening was jui beginning to c\ose in- dull, grey, and ghostlike ; tl dying daylight melting into the long shadows th; stalked like wandering ghosts about the fresh-mac grave of nature. I sat working still, at some i those small garments about which I dreamt .such fond dreams, and wove such large hopes of happ ness ; and as I sat, while the evening fell heavy aboi me, a mysterious shadow of evil passed over me, dread presentiment, a consciousness of ill, that mat me tremble, as if in an ague-angry at myself thoutj for my folly. But it was reality. It' was no hyster cal sinking of the spirits that I felt ; no mere nervou ness or cowardice ; it was something I had nev known before ; a knowledge, a presence, a power, warning word, a spirit's cry, that had swept by n as the fearful evil marched on to its conclusion. I heard a faint scream up , stairs, was so faint that I could scarcely distinguí it from a sudden rush of wind through I opening door, or the chirp of a mouse behind tl wainscot. Presently, I heard the sume sound agaii and then a dull muffled noise overhead, as of someo walking heavily or dragging a heavy weight across tl floor. I sat petrified by fear. A nameless ngony w upon mc that deprived me of all power of action, thought of Harry and I thought of Ellen in an ine tricable cypher of misery and agony ; but I could n have defined a line in my own mind ; I cou not have explained what it was I fearet I only know that it was sorrow that was come, and sin. I listened, but all was still agaii once only, I thought I heard a low moan, and once I muttering voice-which I know now to have been t ' husband's, speaking passionately to himself. And then his voice swept stormfully through t house, crying wildly, "Mary, Mary! Quick hei Your sister! Ellen !" I ran up-stairs. It seems to me now that I aim flew. I found Ellen lying on thc floor of her o room, just inside the door ; her feet towards the di of my husband's study, which was immediately op] site her room. She was fainting ; at least I thought then. We raised her up between us ; husband trembling more than I ; and I t fastened her gown, and threw water on ! face, and pushed back her hair ; but she did not vive. I told Harry to go for a doctor. A hot thought was stealing over me ; but he lingered, a fancied, unaccountably and cruelly, though I tv* asked him to go. Then, I thought that perhaps was ti5o much overcome ; so I went to him, and kis him, and said, " She-will soon be liotter, Harry, chi fully to cheer him. But I felt in'my heart that ¡ was no more. At last, after many urgent entreaties, and after servants had come up, clustering in a frightened v round the bed-but he sent them away again imt diately_-ho put'on his hat and went out, soon retu j ing with a strange man ; not our own doc I This man was rude and coarse, and orde me aside, as I stood bathing my sister's fi and pulled her : arm and hand roughly, to how dead, they fell, and stooped down close to lips-I thought he touched them even-all ir violent and insolent way, that shocked me and be-\ dered me. My husband stood in the shadow, ghai pale, but not interfering. It was too true, what the strange man had saic coarsely. She was dead. Yes ; the creature thal hour ago had been so full of life, so beautiful, so r< lute, and young, was now a stiffening corpse, in imate and dead, without life and without hope. ( that word had set my brain on fire ! i -Dead ! here, my house, under my roof-dead so mysteriously, strangely-why ? How ? It was a fearful dre it was no truth that lay there. I was in a nightmo I was not sane : arid thinking how ghastly it all v I fainted softly on the bed, no one knowing, till' si time after, that I had fallen, and was not pray When I recovered I was in my own room, ali Crawling feebly to my sister's door, I found that had been washed and dressed, and was now laid on her bed. It struck rrie that all had been don strange haste ! Harry telling me the servants had c it while I fainted. I knew afterwards that he told them it was I, and that I would have no h The mystery of it all was soon to be unravelled. One thing I was decided on, to watch by my si this night. It was in vain that my husband oppi nie ;rin vain that he coaxed me' by his caresses, or tried' to terrify nie with angry threats/'' Something of my sister's nature seemed to have passed into me ; and unlesB he had positively prevented me by force, no other means would have had any effect. He gave way to me at last, angrily, and the night came on and found me sitting by the bedside watching my dear sister,. How beautiful she looked! Her face, still with the gentle mark of sorrow on it that it had in life, looked so grand ! She was so great, so pure ; she was like a goddess sleeping ; she was not like a mere woman of this earth. She did not seem to be dead ; there was life about her yet, for there was still the look of power and of human sympathy that she. used to haye when alive. The soul'was there still, and love, and knowledge. ' ¡ By degrees a strange feeling of her living presence in the room came over me. Alonef in the still mid- night, with no sound, nd person near me, it seemed as if I had leisure and power to pass into the world be- yond the grave. I felt my sister near me ; I felt the passing of her life about me, as when one sleeps, but still i's conscious that another life is 'weaving in with ours. It seemed aa if her breath fell warm on my face ; as if her shado wy arras held me in their clasp ; as if her eyes were looking through the darkness at me ; as if I held her hands in mine, and her'long hair' floated round my forehead. " And then, to shake off these fancies, and convince myself that she was really dead, I looked again and again ' at her lying there : a marble corpse, ice-cold with the lips sot and rigid, aud the death band beneath her chin. There she was, stiff in- her white shroud, the snowy linen pressing so lightly on her ; no life within, no warmth about her, and all my fancies were vain dreams. Then I buried my face in my hands, and wept as if my heart was breaking. And when I turned away my eyes from her, the presence came around me again. So long as I watched her, it was not there ; I saw the corpse only ; but when I shut this out from me, then it seemed as if a barrier had been removed, and that my sister floated near me again. I had been praying, sitting thus in these alternate feelings of her spiritual presence and her bodily death, when raising my head and looking towards the farther corner of the room, I saw, standing at some little distance, my sister Ellen.' I saw her distinctly, ns distinctly as you may see that red fire blaze. Sadly and lovingly her dark eyes looked at me, sadly her gentle lips smiled, and by look and gesture too she showed me that she wished to speak to me. Strange, I was not frightened. It was so natural to see her there, that for the moment I forgot that she was dead. "Ellen!" I said, "what is it t" The figure smiled. It came nearer. Oh ! do not say it was fancy! ' I saw it advance; it came glid ingly ; I remembered afterwards that it did not walk, but it came forward, to the light, and stood not ten paces from me. It looked at me still in the Bame sad gentle way, and somehow-I do not know whether with the hand or by the turning of the head-it showed me the throat, where were the distinct marks of two powerful hands. And then it pointed to its heart; and looking, I saw the broad Btain of blood above it. And then I heard lier voice-I swear I was riot mad-I heard it, I say to yoti distinctly, whisper softly, "Mary!" and then it said, still more audibly, " Murdered !" ? And then the figure vanished, and suddenly the whole room was vacant. That one dread word had sounded as if forced out by the pressure of some strong agony- like a man revealing his life's secret when dying. And when it had'been spoken, or rather wailed forth, there was a sudden sweep and chilly rush through the air ; and the lifo, the soul, the pre- sence, fled. I was alone again with death. The mission had been fulfilled; the warning had been given ; and then my sister passed away-for her work with earth was done. Brave and calm as the strongest man that ever fought on a battle-field, I stood up beside my sister's body. I unfastened her last dress, and throw it back from her chest and shoulders; I raised her head and took off the bandage from round her face ; and then I saw deep black bruises on her throat» the marks of hands that had grappled her from behind, and that had strangled her. And then I looked fnr ther, ond I saw a small wound below thc left breast, about which hung two or three . clots of blood, that had oozed up, despite all - care and. knowledge in her manner of murder, I knew then she had first been suf- focated, to prevent her - screams, and then stabbed where the wound would bleed inwardly, and show no sign to the mere bystanders. " I covered her up carefully again. I laid the pillow smooth and straight, and laid the heavy head gently down. I drew the shroud close above the dreadful riiark'of murder. Andthen-still as calm and resolute as I had been ever since ' the ' revelatiori>.had come" to me-I left the room, arid passed iri'tô- my>husbarid's study. It was'on mo to discover all the^truth. His writing-table was locked." Where my strength came from, I know not ; but with a 'chisel that was lying on the table, T prized the'drawer and broke the lock. I opened it. There was a long and slender dagger lying there, red with blood ; a handful of woman's hair rudely severed from the head, lay near it. It was my sister's hair !-that wavy silken un- curled auburn hair that I had always loved and ad- mired so much ! And near to these again, were stamps, and dies, and moulds, and plates, and handwritings with facsimiles beneath, and banker's cheques,1 and a. heap of leaden coin, and piles of incomplete bank notes ; and all the evidences bf - ti coiner's and a forger's trnde, the. "suspicion of which had caused those bitter quarrellings between' poor -Ellen and my husband, the knowledge'-of which had caused her death. . 'V '' ..'.'.'. . With these things'I Baw also a letter addressed to Ellen in my husband's handwriting. It was an un- finished letter, as if it had displeased him, and he had mide another copy. It began Vi th these words-no fear that I should forget. them! ; -they are burnt into my brain-" I never really loved her, Ellen ; she pleased me, only as a doll would please a child; and I married her .from pity, not from love. You, Ellen, you alone could fill my heart ; you alone are my fit helpmate. Ely with me Ellen-." Here, the letter was .left unfinished ; but it gave me enough to explain all the meaning of the first weeks of my sister's stay here, and why she had called him villain, and why he had told her that she might tell me, and that I would not believe. I uaw it all now. I turned my head to see my hus- band standing a few paces behind me. Good heaven ! I have often thought, was that man the Bame man I had loved so long and fondly ? The strength of horror, not of courage, upheld me. I knew he meant to kill me, but that did not alarm me ; I only dreaded lest his hand should touch me. It was not death, it was he I shrank from. I believe if he had touched me then, I should have fallen dead at his feet, I stretched out my arms in horror, to thrust him back, uttering a piercing shriek ; and while he made an effort to seize me, overreaching himself in the madness; of his fury, I rushed by him, shrieking still, and so fled away into the darkness, whore I lived, oh ! for many many months ! When I woke again, I found that my poor baby had died,, and ' that my 'husband had gone none knew where. But.the fearvof his return haunted me. I could get no rest day or night for dread of him ; and I felt going mad with the one hard thought for ever pitilessly pursuing me-that I should full again into his hands. I put on widow's weeds-for indeed am ! I too truly widowed!- and then- I began ' wandering . about; wandering, in poverty and privation, expecting every - moment to meet him face to face ; wandering about, so that I may escape the'morë easily when the moment does 'come,., 