THE HOLIDAY. WE are quite aware that when the project for a holiday to celebrate the glorious news of the fall of eeastopol was first broached, there were several among us reluctant to fall in with the proposed arrangement. The minds of some men are formed differently to their neighboors, and the nsubtject was therefore looked at from different points of view. Some. would fain have waited until the arrival of the 5th Ocetober mail had given to os the further details that would have placed the triumph of our arms be yond all dooubt, and, we nincerely trust, thrown a flood of glory on our nativ, land and liher gal lant allies; others looked at the matter in a business point of view, and weighing the advis ability of adopting a course by which a day's collection or revenue would be sacrificed, and a day be lost that could by no extra laboi be again made goo'. SNow, however, that the public meeting has been held, and a resolution affirmed to observa Tms t AY as a holl lay a t- termination to carry this publio wish into effect appears to bh universally felt; and we hope it will ie so passed as to be a pleasant memorial of the bril liant victory it is intendled to commemorate. and that no casualty of a"y time will occur to mar the happiness of those who take part in its festive proceedings. At such a time as this, had it been psildle, every offillee shoul be closed. There are som , hoeever, n1 tile prompt and nnce:litrg opera. tifo of which to ouchl of public c mfti rt and even s.tt-y deplendl, tlhat we feel thely inot le exca'ptilns to the rule. tine of ther is the lPost l ftle, the cloring of which even fur one d v, would entail serious ircoivenience an l loh ; alid the othe1r is the Electric Telgraphl, which i, uitnde the eontant mnliim of tr.iueacti h bunsite s and conveying iflrmatu n t, .ani extent g'rea r cvein thati is orliginators contempll latl it as alittainabllile withihn e limited a perlal from it eoiahlin.-ient. St many of our merchant=, and indeed of the petple et large, ire inttere-ted ill the receipt of iinioediate inll?itrmatiln re-pecting thel arrival iof shiM now expc-ted, and of tolme epeciAlly ling overtdue, that it has lbeen delerniiii? to l:?d opea also the Chaimber of Comelllrce, in ordler that the nieiiber mnay be made cquainitedl witii such detail , which are hourly pisteil there. Wie hare only further to add, that in ?rd ier to afford to thcee connected itlh our own estailb lishmi nt an opportunity to share in the reijoicing of a day like dia, we have resolved to lighten heirJ labor..as, much as possible, and our sub. scribers Jpust thercfore excusp the smaller sich which it is our ,intention'to isune to5mcrrow as by that urans alone our wishes and thcil pleasure could be secdured. Tug Pnocrs voxu-imtogt the varied which cauld nut be comuplete wtithout it, will nappar, , ['intjng Press throwiof tif eopies of tn "Our. fr"itn the pcn 6f Il;. P1. W.l uleitae, who bits aplied hit tiertik. pcy tlbhe inpliratinl themne of the" Fall of Sebattopol." ,Ttte "w.Rtrsi --Spni:turehi err'sf the Voh hbteer Rifle Corps aisembledilostt evwning fit drill.. The caricature of that gn.int corpr which appeared in this week's " Punch" excited our curiosity. to avail istslf of this opportunity of inspecting them '• atl-ome" in the raw state.' %'' are notamilitary authority (sonme persons whep hurt tl our strictures upon their proceedings ha'v even hmted itt our ntt being a "civil" autl.otityl, we iaill t however. sa this much, tt at wheni te wordsof cphilnand was-given to ?,fr-r-r.retent,l' the riletwet th o t i to tihe hhle lwith sp smuch rpeiarhete'ofa faenis td deadly' detei sitinstan to do somethiog very disagsecable tp Isotmebody or other. sthat we instinctively withdreit f nifse fewpaces further from the touke. " Td ` i ltE tiers i I ' o t-w. s .-.- ._' e , i to'a r 'haiune thait tta vere-ate hour last evenig. te tigchallnged by hlt" lnits locnoj n ea ult ha its hair oiletL was §till ito :'eqlltsition. iVe hope, however. that smae asn teirng porke.bwtll yet'present hinoi'it in time for the ro vessiyn. rt'e did htnr it suggested that ai a nst resort, a greasy China man.o who had not cut of his pig-tail, mtight notwit .the T harptot n just aSr well.. o" o •TuE:?THE.-La.?t "ctenitlg. n cross.bstwsen, " Black Eyed Susan," nod l"Jack Sheitpprd." in theoshapos. of a'tinautleahidrmia entitled "True Blue, -or'the Sailotvl ome,"kept rite house in'a state oT intense anxiety during a couple'ofhourr. conceying the fate of'Charles Johnson, a British Seaman. played by Mr.eClaranco.llolt, who gos thruieh to endof hols-brecadth esca pes from stabbing. shoolig,attd drowning, aceimpanled tsy. a small yoeunggentleman whom he has psromised Sto place safelfis the tttftrs of hie mma, in which laudable ihteotion he is tontinuilly being tatwuarted by divers' ill-ditposed'? smugglers, . "traltor soldiers. and rufllans.of .every degree, who, have been hired by ý a ruthless heir-at-" law tolprevent thechild'from coming into his prb pety. The piece conclude'd with "' the'Fatal Shot firecdby the hoic htand.ol Johnston"-preeiplta lion-of tle.t mirlercrltg'" the dark waves., and. "death of Old -England's truelk lne t" with a". tableau of slaughltered banditn , and general re joicing of the "?ood,eeharcters'bf the pla ": Thcr !?.Ki.ss in the ,,frk,x' came off very comf'ortably, and tMr. James Simmonds, trpde a very facethista ghost, and.Miss St. Clair'got-a black eye, as ,Mrs. Pettibcne. All them , things, however, are to e snurpassed. we understand, thts jsening. The entertainment to he uner the special ,atronagp *of the Committee'of M 'anagement' ofsthe day's. rejoicings. "Tngomnr, the ,dflitrian ;" andi "' lunting n Turtle," ate the pieces announced for repsesontation. I I." SW ngnsTe~N BEACtH SEA iA5'rtltIt Copi s-A.iy.-A meeting was held, in accordance with advertisement, on the 12th at Rnurke's Westatea Hotel. The attendance was small, owing to hc variots other meetings arranging for Fridny's ie v gsgementn,-shoutn ,1 pcipitns itve4tcreeent. Mr. Behan was callrl to' the 'chair. tnrarions pre :limlnrparyranementns were made. amongst which that it ie called this" Westen Sea Bathing Cits pony." that ttte capital be £:d1(0, in 'til shonre of, a .1 each. lit shares were taken at the mectisg, and the depoeit of os rlid per share for preliminiany, expenisr paid thereon. A sub-committee tens appointte to obtain the ansiutance of a professional man to aid in making a survey- of the best hai meat uppropriite site ; when such is decided uspons a petition will be prepared anit forwarded, to g fovernment praying fior a permission graoto of occupancy ; when obtained the Company wfi bhe formally prclaimed and registered andt shares issued to the public. In thenseantime, any hifon itmosion can be obtained from the treastrer, All. S. Ilawked, Mercer street; or front theecritary'pro tere', MrAl. JI. Turner.' if -Pun~t.ScA~iit' i.clcit~r. -A minapots lent sule?ies the following t we have given puilielly to the views of the opposite side and now givis the other extreme. Our own views we shall give when they are likely to he practically tsa fisl : - " The Licensed Victuallero of this town ore fully alive to the endeavours !nbw making ty i Dr crseve on their behalf, in c lirst obtaining a reduction of the annual license if fee, an,. secondly the priseileqe of opening theh hnunes between the hours of divine serviceih the middle of the day on Sunday: Into better hinds stucf important measures could no, be well enlrsn 0 tcd, for all that argument, sound- sense, anttrea t, sonable; propositains can attain, tie is the man to si attaijjs if any: . Wi'ith respect to the enormous tax of ti00 per annum for a publicans' day license, it has not only had the effect of reducing many a stitiving man to poverty, hut has induced some ol Sthe less scrupulous to oiler a very inferior, nrt to a t' quitsie dlOsf-flilfsti'i,'d ro i~ii e amont"A nfliit a which on an average the lecensed Vicuaslee= r command. The opening of places of refreshineni on the Sabbath, Is one of those things which not to only should .be conditionally tolerated, tint the i assumed sanctimony and hypocritical cantt that Srcan be found to plead a reason why the poor yet hai'd-.;orking man should nut be allowed the o?me means of enjoying his dinner on Sundays as that which presents itself every day in the week, should be scouted as being too monstrous to "denef-r anything hit theisnost ineflabl- oantrmnar themselve, Iprcferring supe rficialitics to subitance and like Tawell too sanctimonious to srbuow a cargo of rum to be sold and distributed it "the City of Sydney, b3 causing the cargo to be emptied into the Bay, bu sufiiently callous and case hardened to poison hit ninoffending victim oith prussicacid. and for which he deservedly paid the forfeiture of his life. lVm ray anain, away with all such cant and hunlbhu open the public houses for at least a couple o hourson Sunday, say between 1 and 3 p.m.; allow no tipline to take place; nor any lectures aboutsuac premises, but do not attempt to coerce the persona liberty of l09 men becaure the the tousandt abuse what he ought to enjoy for his health and comfort? FLoun.--At P. J, Donnolly & Co's. sale rooms, yesterday, prices for fou er thai the day previous; notwitlnstandlng, some sale were effected. b TESTIotsro lA. TO DEPARTED .plm 'ORTy . :ir Richard Gumming, the sculptor, of Varra street. lately paio a visit to Ballarat, fluninyonl -nd the neighbouring pdpuloustownships. Durin. his peregrinations he had pointed out to him tht .pot where Thomas iircock, some live years ano lint succeeded in the discovcrr of a workinig veir of fold itn this territory. lie naturally mad. further enquirirs. and was in conseqaence intr duced to Mrs Hisoeck, the widow of tie cclebratei mono, whom he found In a comparative" state 01 poverty, and quite unable by her own means to e rect any permanent monument over the grave ot Sher husband. whose remains were interred near tha vicinity of her house, but without the least Indi Seation to point out the snott Mr Cimroing, wh, posreset an average lot of that milk of human kindness whieh generally pervades the bosom o his rough yet unsophisticated countrymen, under took at once, gratuitously, to place a monument o tomrbstone over the crave, and he is now actively ennaged in performing that generous' part of hia undertaking. determined that if neither public o. private enterprise can be made to effect'a purpose which would do honor to any people or.nation that the grave ot Hismcock shall no longer ao unn. ticed for want of a statuary or mason .in Victoras to come forward and erect one. Ie invites th. public to inspect thle neat yet appropriate monu. ment about to be placed to the memory of the late Thpmao Hiscock. whose name.. perhaps, will he familiar with anter gecnerations, though now allowed to fall into oblivion by the very people he so fireatl. breRfitted." - - ?IOUST Bi.ACsKWoOD.-Some very remark able specimcns of the riclhness of some of th. quartz in the above neighborhood were submittet -to un yeterday. They are to bn exhibited to-day wc believe, at the Aistralian Exchange Office, a the comner of Collins and Elirabeth-streets, and are n-ell wortly of inspection. -We understand that from .3 tons of picked quartz 2024 ounces ofamal gannated gold were extracted, and that the r mainder. connisting of about 20 trins of quartz tielded (14 ounces. The successful party who told the clanim report very favorably of their pros pects.. -Argur. onsanwaJsnuoL.*-*Auonstal thenumemus houses and shops. storcs, and mills that have been erc in thlis town, none has sshld sor much im portanoe to its appearance and adoanrcment as the lrase steam otill now heing erected hy Jilensrn "itnifold nd Iostocks it is four staorieis hih ilh n ranaryinlthe roof; itodimensioos. ortenith. sorlusosn~hip. -ott design ore greatly in odoasce of y prreiost Istilding. WIe hemr ths >he cgin e solmoohinasy is comingfe Con nles-os Clayton. Shottleaorlh. fta o. t. hcj.sttl t celchioted enginere of the city of Ilincoln.-Portland lerald. [Ane t: nrtsi3 er. .T1i-Exlnc nion tof license. ilr. (i. \VIt. Flree, of tie Sir MtllintI Wallne Hntel. Asluly. will r000o5c holus lolus, -elll Iis osofest clppsatuo. meugs. jssus. hattie,, glosses. h(rr?." Pt)tlt'0. soalrsio of bef. illoshtm lera1rae (iiisos' X -X. nith hluds of claret and sliseei, piOisns ft. I'.l, jscst Acririd fon h ilsc rctcluraled C'o~noo V'intagec. Atc.,~ c.. so thle llotiusic Re-eeocf, slum s loe. Psiuhu;l be.ing on colulfolloe, a ilmn olirosn:uo. lntI a rttestaa. ho seliciso sits tussecage~ of all tusuioulinl atel she fulir 500 i cr0505 I. a-hiosts Ise n-ill eoulclrluusuttoeLntc-etaist as his iressnossos. is tuoeneu nf the felll of Sehosrjslol. N'.Il.-Posing ghsscs fur tiso j su- ssils..--Tua fur tls trcoat~les-.-t~'ir 1'Vi tosssi~ s-s Nusol~oc. 