TIIE MORMON ITE3. ( From tho A tins ) Some time ago wo h:i<l t.o d-.-fend tin; principle of religious liberty from at tacks made upon it by two daily jour nals, iu tlie portions of tho Mormouites, or, as they call themselves, the 1 Latter -uay saints ; out aitiumgn we no tint scruple to claim for thorn, or any other sectarian body, the full right to the exercise of their religion so long as tlicy do not make it part of their laith to do wrong to their neighbours, we cannot look upon the success which at- ttr.ls their proselyting efforts without it deep sense of shame at the fact that it is possible to convert thousands of Englishmen ami English women to be come the victims of such an absurd and degrading superstition. The Mormons claim to have thirty thousand adherents iu this country, and a considerable emigration to Desoret is constantly going on. Of course, the majority of their converts are made from the ranks of hmnhle life, and thu grossly ignorant districts of Wales fur nish a very large proportion ; hut tho movement is not confined to tho lowest and least instructed part of the commti iiity, for wo are credibly informed that in -Liverpool and many other towns, families belonging to tho middle class; possessed of considerable property, and of tho average amount of mental culti vation, are among tho most strenuous supporters of the system of Joe Smith. This is a phenomenon well worth an elaborate investigation, because it is im possible to suppose that many hundred persons can be added every year to the followers of a new faith of this deserip- t'on without a far larger number being equally ready to surrender their reason and plunge headlong into the ahsurdi ties of the strangest aiul most exciting superstition which may bo offered to their notice. Indeed, if it were neces sary to seek proof of the widespread ox istonce of a state of mind favourable to tho growth of false religions, we might, in addition to tho existence of Moyinon ism, point to table-turning and spirit, rapping, and the belief iu unknown tongues, all of which indicate a morbid craving for intercourse with spiritual be ings superior to man, accompanied with the most absurd views of spiritual na turo and agency. Moreover, wo might adduce tho hold which I'uscyisni litis acquired over the upper circles, and which oxhibits a belief in the eilicaey of idle ceremonies, and iu the supernatural lower of tho priesthood to an extent that could not be exceeded it heathou times. Thus in accounting for the success of tho Mormons we must first recognise the deplorable mental condition of a Jaigo part of our population, and their consequent craving for the exeiteinent of spiritual dram drinking — an excitement which is obtained by applying to nn astrologer, accepting the Book of Mor mon, listening to unknown tongues, taking part in a revival, or filling the mind with the trash poured forth iu huge abundance by what is called the 1 prophetical press,' which professes by its interpictation of Daniel and Revela tions, to connect tho siege of Sebastopol with tho battle of Armageddon, thu end of the world, and tjio advent of the Millennium. A true account of tho superstitious literature of this country would be perfectly astounding, from its amazing quantity and utter abnegation of reason and common sense, and still more surprising would it ho to find the large proportion of victims to its delu sions which the upper and middling classes afford. What are tho causes avidwvhut might be the cures of this de plorable state of things are inquiries wpll worth making ; but in giving es pecial consideration to Morinouisin, it becomes apparent that one great source of its power is tho fact of its accepting nil t|ie ordinary doctrines of orthodoxy, and confining its endeavours to their amplification and perversion, and thus being more successful with ignorant and superstitious bolievurs in tho Bible, who fiayo never been accgstomed to consider tho true moaning of lloly Scripture or give reasons for their faith. We shall illustrate this by a few extracts from a letter we have received from Mr. John j'aques, setting forth ihe views of his sect : — , I " Tho Latter-day Saints contend for faith in God and Jesus Christ, ro- pentnuoe of sin, water-baptism for the remission of sins, the laying on of hands for the impartatiou of the gift of the Holy Ghost iu all its heavenly mani festations of dreams, visions, prophesies, tongues, healings, &u; Christian is not the proper name for the people of God — that name was he stowed upon ihe followers of Christ first at Antioch,.by their enemies the same as the enemies of the Latter day Saints denominate thein 'Mormons,' because of their belief in the Book of Mormon. Saint is the proper designation of a fol lower of Christ — if living iu former days, a Former-day Saint ; if iu Litter days, a Latter-day Saint. The apostles did not address their epistles to the christians, hut to the Saints. Second, the Christian Dispensation, or the Dispensation opened by Christ, came to naught after the apos tles were slain, for the early church apos tatised and fell away from the faith, as Paul foretold, insomuch that at the pre sent time Christendom can present no even distinct similitude of the original. That the Latter day Saints believe in the Book of Mormon, is most trot?. Why do they believe it? Because it is recorded of the dealings of God with the aborigi nes of the Western World, nnd has been attested in our day by the voice of God and of Jesus Christ, by the ministration of angels and by the gift and power o the Holy Ghost, which are as strong tes litunnius iu favour of the divine origin o the Book of Marmon as can he adduced, in favour of the divine origin of the Bible. Christ has not been 'dethroned,' hut he reigns still iu heaven, and will soon reign on this turbulent earth as King of kings and Lord of lords, and to him every knee must how, and every tongue confess 'The Latter-day Saints believe that Joseph Smith was a prophet of the Lord, an apostle of Jesus Christ, a minister of righteousness, a herd-l of salvation, and consequently that he held similar power to what I'cterand Paul did in days of yore.' To many of our readers these passages will appear blasphemous and to all ridicu lous, luti to thousands of badly cithivaled minds who bold the doctrines of Reve lation iu an unreasonable manner, they make the most effective species of ap peal. Unhappily there exist iu nearly every sect men who unwillingly prepare the way forthe Mormon missionary by depressing reason ami exciting a passion for anything which transcends the laws of nature or the boundaries of possibility ; mid even tlie established Church contributes to this effect : for we h avo recently had one clergyman affirming table turning to bo the action of the devil, while another at Leeds mistook the temporary insanity of hysterics for the operation of the Holy Ghost. The real wonders of God's world, both of matter and spirit, far exceed any of the invention? of superstition j tiiey surpass human reason, hut never contradict it ; ami hence, while their con templation throws the sound mind into an extaey of devoutc admiration, they do not satisfy tlie appetite of the diseased mind, which will be content vviili nothing that does not outrage science and scan dalise faith. It would bo had enough ami sufficient disgrace for our age and country if the Morinonites stopped where they began ; but the prominent, part of their present creed is that the 13iblc sanctions poly gamy ; nay, more, that this abominable practice is a religious duty. Let us again bear Mr. Jaqucs : 'The Latter day Saints teach a plu fality of wives, and practice the principle in the territory of Utah, as it conies not into opposition with the laws of the land. But in tlie countries where the law of the laud forbids the practice it is not put into operation. Ilcnce, in England, were « Latter-day Saint to marry two or more wives, he would be excommunica ted, and delivered over to the law of the laud, that lie might learn to be subject ' to the powers that be,' or, in other words the constituted authorities of his nation. Adultery and nil lewdness are most se verely reprobated. In Utah, adaltery has been punished with death, and in this country tlie Latter day Saints will on no account have fellowship with an adulterer' On tho first conviction, ho must repent, if he wishes to slay iu thu Church, other wise ho is excommunicated ; on the Si- coud conviction, he is excomniuuit a'.etl, and not allowed to return. " It iij p ars strange to mo that a be liever in the Bible should quarrel with tlie Latter-day Saints because tltey walk in th j footsteps of faithful Abraham, nnd Jacob, and Moses, and Da i.l. These worthies had divers wives, and the ex press favour of (jot! at otto and the satno time. The Latter-day Saints believe that God has not changed. Why should you believe that lie has?" Tin t such sentiments, should make a powerful appeal to the licentious passions of wicked men is no wonder ; but it is horrible to think — as we ore informed is the fact— that oven well-disposed young women belonging to the middle class have been misled, through a per version of their religious feelings, into submitting to the irredeemable degrada tion which this atrocious system involves. The Mormoniles persuade their wretched dupes that the acceptance of polygamy is essential to the inheritance of Eternal Life — thus the ' Millenial Star' of Sep tember 30th says, alluding to a writer who had attacked their creed . " We involuntary inquire, has the writer had a religious education ? Does he believe the doctrines of the Bible ? Is ho aware that to Israel pertain' the adoption, and the glory, and the cove nants, and the giving of the law, and the services of God, and the promises, ' and of whom concerning the (lesli, Christ came?' Or has he forgotten that the Twelve Patriarchs were the sons of four mothers, the honourable wives of ono man ? ' These tlitl build the House of Israel.'- Every, man that would call him self a son of faithful Abraham must ovyji his fathqr a potygainisl. The holy Jesus, whose redeeming blood was shed for the sins of the world, chose for the royal line of his incarnation, a people and family of renowned polyganiists, a fact sufficient of itself to thrice hallow tho heavenly in stitution. " Who, then, that would inherit Eternal Life, can wash his hands of that holy ordinance ? Who, then ' can bo a Christian, or a true believer in the Bible, without being himself a polygatnisi ? Echo answers who ?'' The same journal gives us the follow ing extinct from a letter of Mrs. Belinda Mardeti Pratt, written at the Mormon settlement ofUtuh ; — . " For instance, I li.avp (as you see, in all good conscience, founded on the word of God) formed family and kindred ties, which are inexpressibly dear to me, and which I can never bring my feeling to consent to dissolve. 1 have a good nnd virtuous husband, whom I love. We have four little children, which are mutually and inexpressibly dear to us. And be sides this, my husband lias seven other living wives, and one who lias departed to a better world, lie lias in all upwards of twenty-live children. All these mothers nnd children nre endeared to me by kindred ties, by mutual affection, by acquaintance and .association: and thu uiolhersiu particular, by mutual anil long continued exercise of toil, patieuee, long suffering, and sisterly kindness. We all have our imperfections in this life; but I know that these are good and worthy wo men, and that my husband is a good and worthy man; one who keeps the com- tnandments of Jesus Christ, and presides iu -his family like an Abraham. He seeks to provide for them with all diligence'; ho loves tlietn all, and seeks to comfort them and make them happy. He teaches them thu commandments of Jesus C//rist, and gathers tlietn about him in the family circle, to call upon his God, both morn ing and evening. He and bis family have tho confidence, esteem, gootl will, and fel lowship of this entire territory, and of a wivle circle of acquaintances in Europe anil America, he is a practical teacher of morals and religion, a promoter of general education, and at present occupies an honourable seat, iu the legislative council of this territory." riins, while nit abandonment of poly gamy is a necessary step in advancing liotn barbarism to civilization, we have actually a set of men attempting to re vivo it in its most disgusting form — That of degrading women, who have known letter, to submit to its abominations under the notion that they are performing a re ligious duty. Whether the present condition of Utah is as bad as it lias been represented or not, no sane person can doubt that it must speedily sink into a den oT licentious iniquity ami come to a violent end, for there is a' wide difference between the polygamy of early nations who knew no better, and the deliberate dcgrndal on in our days of that sex which il is t£ie pride of Christian civilisation to place iu a po sition of purity and honour.- When we lintl such grievous superstitious rife atnougsl us, we ask what iiavu tho clergy Been about ? Wo compute the cost of deans and chapters, endeavour to add i.p the bishops, and venture to inquire whether il would lint be advisable to sell off a quantity of superfluous dignities, and apply the proceeds to a sound system o f national education that might stuy the pi ague. 