MUTUOl'OlilTAN aOSSiT. (From ike Liverpool Albion, December-I.) I This lum boon tho dullest duy since tho excite« mont, consequent on that miraculous incident which didn't take place—the fall of Sebastopol, which seems now to have left off falling, and to be at a stand still at length. How lung such «(«(iii quo ls to hist nobody knows, und ovcry body lins seem- ingly left oil' trying to imagine. Sumo notion of tho extent of the elfurts to knock it down muy ho formell from tho Hoard of Trade tables to-day, which tells tis Hutt n million mid n-hnlf hundred weights of brhiistofio havo boen consumed somo how or other Iheso ten mouths back, being throo limes ns much ns during tiny other ten months in tho memory ol' tho oldest Inhabitant on tho surfiipo of tho Globe nt nil events, what over muy ho tho result of subterranean experiences on that head. . Of course the grouter part of this mustard-coloured mineral mint have gone tu tho Crimen, w hillier wo arc now sending something suggestive of mttsturd tunah mure palatable ¡ namely, endless rounds of beef, and lill abes of bacon in snell profusion from Kssox that tho connubial candidates fur tho Dimmow prlvto will lind nothing wnrth their acceptance, though porhnps that duseli't greatly mutter, fur nuy mau (lt to he HMHTIMI deserves, nothing till he bus returned from the wars, and thou he won't rctpiiro much. A provisional committee fur provisioning tho army with luxuries through tho medium ut yachts was advertised yesterday, but to-dny thoy nra told that limy only nll'ord food fur luughtcr ns such cruft emt merely carry edibles enough Ibrlheirowii crews mid tho poor I biko oI'Murlhorough, who offered ono hun- dred head ol'deer, to ho polled by Gtmtor, ami put. on board the sahl yachts, is ironically eoinpliincn'.ed on lila usual liberality [ho being parsimonious to a proverb, notwithstanding bis late £50 to the terry Fund] for proffering « worthless carrion," as ni venison is now snid to be nt this season, (or several reasons set forth hy Ids Grace's censor. So lt is with iilmost every novel donation that is volun- teered, save tho ono universal und over npplicablo ono of money. Tho community hoing disnppointed in what thoy had so ardently sot their minds upon when in respect to the capturo of tho Crimean stronghold, have put their wits to work to conjure up nil sorts of fantasticalities for tho supposed comfort of the soldiers and the dissipation of their own ennui, mid in nine cases ont of ten aro told they nro fools for their pains. And so with jomo more serious aspirations also, on some of -which a few words may not bo out of place, as- likoly to suggest what should bo in place. Ko wonder tho publie as well ns tho Ministry seem to have lind their head turned by tho multi- tude of ingenious devices poured upon tho general oar in the newspapers. Somo suggest balloons to overlook Sebastopol ¡ others secret service money to undermine the Muscovites, and worm tho know- ledge of their weakness ont of them ; others again tho investiture of tho placo nt nil sorts ol'points hut tho point hitherto aimed ut ; then arrives Nasmylh with his wrought iron ordnance for doing damngo on a hitherto unparalleled scalo ¡ mid, finally, comes tho son of tho patentee of the steam gun óll'erhig to throw ft never-ending cataract of balls one ton weight each from a distance of five miles, and so hatter down all tho fortresses forth- with without losing ii single man lo tho assailants. When unfortunate Winier said ho could send a ball of tho itsttnl dimensions tho samo distunco ho was scouted ns a lunatic ¡ but when Mr. Perkins pro- poses to do something a thousand times moro sur- prising it is regarded ns a matter of course, und Government aro querulously usked why they don't close with tho proposition, and muke mi end of the matter nt once. Nevertheless it is surprising Hint something is not dono with the said steam-gun, or rather that something has not been dono with it long ugo. It is now exactly thirty years ago, almost to a day, since tho slonm-gim was first exhibited in london, and was pronounced by tho wiso ones of tho time as certain to render all future wars impossible, for a single battery armed with u single weapon of this sort must sweep fleets, armies, fortresses, und everything clso boforo it, mid itsolf and its defenders he perfectly unnssnilu blo. And so it seemed to nil who saw it, and to somo who woro supposed cnpnble of scoing con- siderably hoyond their nose, including tho Duke of Wellington,' who had tolerably long range in that rospect, both nnstil and montai ., but why theso seers didn't turn their perception te some practical account nt tho moment thcro is no saying. Not only was tho Duko _ then omnipotent, because supposed to bo omniscient, in all military matters, but ho was Muster of tho Ordnance, anil not; only continued so for somo time, but subse- quently bocumo Premier, while tho gurt retained its popularity ns ono_ of the most singulnr sights in tho metropolis, ns indeed it did till thc break-up of tho Adelaide Gallery in tho Strand, whore it med to be exhibited, lt may bo said Hint tho Duko was a vory unlikely man to patronise nnylhiiig thnt hud not been proved to bo practical othonviso than in an exhibition-room. Hut he lind patronised something which lind not oven Hint to rccomnioud it, mid which nine-tenths of tho .scientific authorities of tho day said never would lmvo that much to recommend _ it, to wit, tho Thames Tunnel, nil tho disasters that befel and all tho derision heaped upon that project not hoing ublo to deter his Griteo from supporting it throughout, with his own countenance and tho money of tho State, mid tltCH obtaining n knight- hood for its engineer, Frenchman though Isumuiird llt'tmel was. Still, tho Hake didn't do anything of tho kind for Perkins, though he admitted tho merit of Ids invention, whoso simplicity was certainly not less extraordinary than its potency ; mid it is botli thoso qualities combined willoh tho present Mr. Perkins says should ¡mlnco its immediate adoption by Government. _ It is formed by mcroly intro- ducing ft barrel into th_o> steam-generator ol' any engine, und, by tho addition of two pipes towards tho cliambor of tho gun, introducing n quantity of balls, which, by tho notion of n hundió in tho cham- ber, uro dropped into tho barrel, mid fired, one by one, nt tho rato of from -100 io 500 balls per minute. At lonst this wns tho rate they were dis- charged ut in London ; and such was tho explosivo force employed that tho bullets fell off from tho iron target ns fiat und ns thin ns ii sixpence. Of cottrso almost any amount of torco might ho used, with bulls of any weight, and with similar results ¡ and if, in tho manner, which Mr. Perkins says ho is now prepared to net, with balls of ii ton, or the twentieth part of n ton weight, Sebastopol, Cron stadt, Ifelsingfors, Siveaborg, and all tho rest of thoso casematod curiosities would bc ns effectually destroyed, and almost ns speedily, as if an ytëtiùi or Vesuvius were to disgorge its igneous annihila- tion on lop of them. Tho item chiefly suggestive of doubt about tho business is' that Itiissln, over on the look-out for contrivances in the wholc.udo homicido lino, lins not availed herself- of this, which sho would havo been pretty suro to havo dono had there been any real working capability in it. So sho would have dono with tho Warner inventions, could tho cap- tain have been prevailed on to sell them ; mid tho story of his not having done so has been told moro than onco in thoso columns, though doubtless tho rendor hus forgotten «ll nhout it, for nt tho limo tho moro idea of war of nny kind seemed Just ns chimerical us his alleged machinery for bringing it to ii cluso in ii twinkling. _ lind he been alive now it cnn scarcely bo questioned that tho whole aspect ol' tho conlliot would havo been changed, that whoever ]x>ssessotl his socrot would lmvo lind advantages which' nothing could have counter- balanced on tho other side, at( least by sea. Put- ting out of consideration altogether tho long runge, it is clour, from thc blowing up of tho John O'Giiunt, that tho invisiblo shell placed, as ho proposed, liko buoys, but just under water, would havo sufficed te block up tho entrance of «ll harbours, and that a fow dozen of these would havo scaled up tho lîttssian fleot in tho north, nnd tho Russian fleet in tho south, prevent- ing Sinone, muong other nuisances, and leaving our Hoot nt liberty to bo cf somewhat moro nctivo use Hum unluckily has been tho case. On the other band, it is equally clear timi if Kassia hail hud tho secret, and could havo buoyed hor harbours with tho invisiblo shell, our Admiralty would have dono loss than they Intro in tho nggrossivo line, mid might sparc themselves tho trotihlo of trying to build now thoso gunboats which they ought to havo hud ready nearly twclvo months ago. How- ever, apoplexy nos removed tho captain mid his socrct too, and therewith has nlso romovod all necessity for speculations of this kimi, leaving Perkins master of tba field us tho boldest of nil contemporary nndortiikcrs of tho demolition of Sebastopol. Pending tho possible pitching in of ton-weight bulls, projectiles are flying about amongst ourselves scarcely less alarming than would be one of thcse most amazing mis- sives. Tho talk of thu growing dissatisfaction of tho Allied army with thu Crimean campaign is spreading upnee, and some very awkward rumours, long in vngiw circulation, aro beginning to nsstimo a ciroumstiinllulity considerably moro piquant thiin pleasant, At thu great Glasgow meeting, tho other day, Urquhart, with his usual super-Carlylish intolerance of shams, embodied a whole heap of these in a few sentences, and left them to his astonished hearers to digest as they liked. Allud- ing to tho well-known report as to a certain British officer refusing to work in tho trenches, he individualised him at once, saying, he saw no use in concealing what ninny already did know, mid what every one might know who took tho trouble to inquire. Lord Forth, said he, is tho man ; he did not refuse from want of courage, as his former conduct sufficiently proved ¡ mid Lord Itnglan, instead of ordering a court-martial, simply re- quested him to leave tho army, also ordering tho Duke of Cambridge from tho Crimea, after a council of war. Who is Lord Forth, yon ask ? Why ho ls tho son und liol ruf tho Furl of Perth, mid Ihoreforo comes of a parenfugo which may ho supposed to warrant even such eccentricity ns a refusal to work lu thu trenches. Lord Forth's mother was widow of Napoleon's famous general mid biographer, Rapp, who, at Austerlitz, routed tho Russian Imperial Guard, taking Prince lîehnlii prisunor, mid held Hautzle, with consummate sk ll) nnd resolution for his master, till tho garrison, having eaten tts horses and their saddle-bags, cur tmioh-bclls, and everything that admitted of mas- tication, woro starved into a capitulation at thc end of nearly two years,-it fact whoso remembrance ought to mitígalo tho imjiatlence of sumo ol'our ciyio critics ibr the surrender of Sebastopol. Ter» baps, however, it is the remembrance of it on tho «art of tile son of the wife of the defender of liant* ¡de that led to the escapade in question; for what is siiid to have produced tho resistance referred to is, not so much disgust with tho sulforings conse- quent on ¿lie sloge, as a conviction of its iimtilitv-a persuasion that tho expedition was nover 'meant to succeed or it would havo been dispatched in proper timo, properly equipped, and with proper reserves to support it. Urquhart declares, and in matters-of-fact he never deals in fiction, that it was said to him by one of the highest legal authorities in the country, [who could it be--Truro, or Lyndhurst, or Brougham, or perhaps Plain Jock himself?] at tho time tho war was beginning, "My only hope is that tho soldiers will not stand it ;" while certain military cele- brities said to him, " What can we do ?-the people are mad for this war," and one of tho letters read from Eupatoria, ran thus :-" We wonder why we are sent out here now, after all tho objects of tho war [freeing tho Principalities] have been attained. I believe that Russia wishes us to come, that when we are involved, and cut off from getting reinforce- ments, she may bring down an army to crush us in overwhelming force." Then, ho adds, ns a rider of his own by way of explaining thoso hobbies of other people, "your oflieors fool, what 110 ollicer in the servico oi' Britain ever felt before, that, they wore sncrificed to servo tho sneaking designs of _ a Cabinet or tho criminal purposes of a Minis- ter." Still hnrphig on my daughter ! Tho ubiquitous spectre of Palmerston is ever present to tho mind's oyo of David, and nothing cnn huppen throughout creation that tho member for Tiverton isn't at the bottom of it, thnt is, if ignoniy to England or oredit of any kind to Russia is to turn up. Surely the Homo Secretary will now do some- thing to bring his nccuser to account ; for, seriously, tho iteration of these charges is telling fast, ns'nny one with an oyo in Iiis hoad might sea at the prodigious Kossuth gnthoring hero on Wed- nesday lust, when tho proposition for tho impeach- ment of the alleged delinquent was received with a ronr which might give a less nervous alarmist than either Alison or Croker a rather startling reminder of certain historio episodes in tho first Trench Revolution. Urquhart has already luid himself opon to tho law in lils efforts to dissuade tho Cir- cassians from receiving any sort of nssistanco from England or our Ally? and this ullegation now, that not only aro certain military officers in tho Crimea opposed to tho business they are engaged in, but thnt certain legal functionaries expressed a hopo that the soldiery would mutiny, is much too gravo not to challenge investigation in tho Queen's Bench. How- ever, whether tho Attorney-General not or not in that direction, tho publio mention of Lord Forth and tho Duko ol' Cambridge will cause the matter to bo canvassed in Parliament most prohibí y tho very first night of tho session. Lord Forth's lather, tho Earl of Perth, is only n Scotch peer, and not in tho House of Lord«, hut ho has rela- tions who arc ¡ and these will doubtless bo author- ised to give nny explanations thnt may bo necessary us to the conduct of tho noble .young ensign ol' the 42111! Foot, who declared it infra (Hy to tuka his turn in tho trenches. Considerable caution will bo requisito in dealing with tho case, as far ns Ministers aro concerned ¡ for Perth isa peer of Franco, or at least is Duke of Melford mid Count do Lussan, besides hoing husband of Papp's wjdpw us iilbrosnid j and it might bc awkward, just now thnt thc entente cordiale is so vivid, to guy anything derogatory to tho heir to such honours, mid who moreover is allied to certain irri- tabilities of tho Opposition in tho Peers, tho Duke of Richmond for ono, in as much as tho Perth (Drummondj family is descended from tho 12th heritable tliiino of Lennox, whoso sister was Anna- bella Queen of Scotland. Perhaps, nfter nil, it may turn ont that Forth wouldn't work morely be- cause ho couldn't. Ho was born in Naples, and is still under twenty-two, circumstances which may secoimt for his inability to Biistaln tho hardships ol' lifo in a fortified camp during a Crimean winter, without tracing bis repugnance to any nbstract no- tions about tho policy of tho War. But this_won't explain away tho omission of the court-martial on his conduct ; and still less will it explain why tho Duke of Cnmbridgo left Ibo camp for Constantinople. It is not pretended that bc was ill, however indisposed to run tho risk of becoming so from other causes than the casualties of battle, which ho has disregarded bravely enough ; so much BO that tho first paragraphs of tho dispatch published this evening tiro mudo up of his praises on those who dis- tinguished themselves nt Inkermann, his hench- man, Major tho Honorable James Mucdouuld, [better known in tho west end world ns "Jemmy Mack," and siiid to havo moro lives than n cnt] coining in for tho special praise of tho Commnndor in-Chicf, 110 doubt most deservedly so, though doubtless also a littlo in compliment to his J ¡oyal Highness. All honour to tho Duke, however, for signalising, in this dispatch, tho " spirited exertions ol Assistiixt- Surgoon Wilson, of tho 7th Hussars, who, nt n critical moment, rallied a few mon, which enabled them to hold their ground till reinforced." Some credit is hoing given to Raglan, as tho first commander who over mentioned a non- commissioned ollicer by name in a dispatch, our oblivions public altogether forgetting that Napier repeatedly mentioned privates in his dispntches ¡ mid apropos of " tho Bearded Vision that swept Scinde," somo people nt homo remark that ho wasn't made a Field Miirshiil, nor evon tv peer, nor yet a baronet, though ho fought a few lights in his time, and fought them with some generalship too, mid was nover taken unawares, much less entirely by surprise, though dealing with nn enemy' skille'd beyond all others in tho soienco of sudden"attacks. But, be that ns it may, to tho Duke of Cnmbridgo belongs tho merit ol being tho first, in a public dispatch, lo .' speak bi tho highest terms" of ono of tho most deserving, but most illused, unap- preciated, mid wofst paid class of public sorvnnts in the employment of tho oxectttivo -tho assistant army surgeons, though perhaps their brethren of tho navy nro still worso treated und equally' deserving. His Royal Highness will henceforth bo the pot of tho proles, sion. Thero will probably he hall'an on tiro Lancet devoted to his glorification this day week ¡ and Wukloy will pine away into a ghost of his present solf with grief that bo isn't coming in for Mary- lebone if only for tho purpose of defending tho Duko against all defamers. Too Into to think ol' that now, however. .Tho Commander of tho Bal tic is coming in for tho Metropolitan Borough, mid his own broadsides nevor created moro con- sternation than Ids presence is expected to produco in ilia House, where he'll provo a vory fire-ship, sidling about with double-shotted guns in tho nildst of friends and foes. Any ono who asks him a question, und many there will bo immediately put to him, is certain to receive an answer of tho most ex- plicit kind possiblo ; but to whom lt may provo agreeable or tho contrary tho Admiral cares not. If it should so happen that any of his short-comings havo boen attributable in any way to .Lord John Hassell, Napier won't need to bo 'asked "anything, for he'll mn1«o a clean breast of everything, oil' hand, and lcavo tho unblo individual oi' whom a reverend friend uttered tho mamoriihlo moi about his readiness to command tho Channel fleet, to steer clear of tho consequences of tho ox|xisuro ns ho best may. But tho audacity implied In tho command ol'tho said fleet sinks Into Insignificance in most jieoplu's estimation to-day compared with the noblo Lord's assumption of tho olllco of (unfol loived) Leedor of tho Lower House, as indicated bv lils issuing tho customary circular summoning Mi- nisterial members to thou* party allegiance on tho 12th Last session, a session numbering more Ministe- rial defeats limn probably nnyothersinco the Revolu- tion-that position was laughed nt. in a mininer that would havo scared any living being but tho noble member for tho City from a resumption of tho same ludicrous status. But, regardless ol' all things save what .administers to a morbid sclf estoom, ho assumes tho van us n matter of course. In vain is tho publio mind running on tho 'necessity of ii chango in tho Cabinet, and bestowing never a thought 011 him in connection therewith ; in vaia is tho Treasury bench menaced tvith dofuctions, Srenter limn any yet experienced i ho holds on to ie belief that bo ls tho chief object in tho general oyo ; and ho sots about rendering himself so, ns far as ollielal lyjiography eau do it, as complacently as If tho wish and tho capacity wcro synonymous terms. 