DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. CITY COUNCIL.—This, body do not hold their usual wcekly meeting to day, in conse- quence of its being the anniversary of " Separa- tion." The meeting takes place at noon to- morrow. FURIOUS RIDING AFTER CATTLE.—At the District Police Court on Saturday, Mr Snodgrass, M L C , charged Mr Thomson, butcher, with allowing his servants to ride furiously after cattle on the Gardiner's Creek Road, in open day. Mr. Snodgrass said that the defendant was a respectable man, and he hoped the penalty would be a light one The magis- trate said that when wild bullocks were being driven along a highway, it was necessary for the drivers to ride fast, and under these circum- stances the defendant must be held not only to have been cognizant of the conduct of his ser- vants but to have directed it. The practice complained of was becoming a perfect nuisance, and it was time to put it down. The defendant was fined £10, and costs. GAOL RETURNS -The following are the returns of the Melbourne Gaols for the week ending Friday, June 29th :--Central Gaol: for trial, 11; remanded, 5; in station, 2. Under sentence: road-gang, 29; hard labor, 68; impri- sonment, 36 men, 2 women; debtors, 7. Total: 158 men, 2 women. There have been received during the week 51 prisoners, and discharged 46, Eastern Hill Gaol-Hard labor, 35; road gang 2; imprisonment, 4; destitute, 1; lunatics, 11; remanded for medical inquiry, 5. There have been received during the week 8 prisoners, and discharged 10. BENEVOLENCE-Mr. Holmes, Govern- ment contractor, wishes us to notify that there are 50 tons of firewood, a gift for the use of the destitute at Collingwood, if the committee will devise means to carry it from Flemington to Col- lingwood INSULTING FEMALES IN THE STREET.- At the City Court on Saturday, James Cotton was charged with insulting various females in Collins street on Friday evening, by pulling off their shawls and in some instances their bonnets. He stated that he was just from the bush, and was the worse for liquor, and was very sorry for what he had done. He was fined 50s. SLIGHT ACCIDENT ON THE RAILWAY.- On Saturday morning, as the railway train was leaving the Melbourne station, an accident oc- curred, which, had the train been going at a rapid rate, might have been attended with serious consequences. Owing to some negligence with reference to the points at the curve, the engine ran off the line, and sank in the ground up to the axle- tree. The carriages were immediately detached, and, after a short delay, the engine was raised to its proper position. A FEMALE BULLOCK-DRIVER--A very respectable looking young woman was charged at the City Court on Saturday with leaving a team of bullocks unprotected in Elizabeth street. As this was the first instance of a female bullock- driver being brought under the notice of the Bench they were very curious to know the cir- cumstances. The prisoner's statement, however, at once dispelled all its romance. She was not a bullock driver, but her brother in-law was, and he had gone into a store upon business, leaving her in charge of the team, which duty she endeavoured to discharge to the best of her ability. The bul- locks were very quiet, as they did not move from the spot where they were left. She was discharged. FLOATING DOCK, SALTWATER RIVER.-- This Blackwall of Victoria has been the scene of unusual bustle and activity during the month of June. The steamers White Swan and Cham- pion, with the brigs Plumstead and Gil Blas, have all been docked, cleaned, painted and had their necessary repairs effected, under the super- intendance of Mr. Thomas Scott, the resident manager for the company. This admirable establishment is now in great request, and it is to be hoped the gentlemen who so spiritedly un- dertook the building of this useful appendage to our seaport, may yet have an ample return for heir outlay. LOCAL COURTS.--The following gentle- men have been gazetted as Chairmen of Local Courts for the purposes of the Act 18 Victoria :-- John Edward Newell Bull, Esq., of tho Castle- maine district ; Joseph Anderson Panton, Esq., of the Sandhurst district ; Charles Wall She- rerd, Esq., of the Ballaarat district; WilliamTur- ner, Esq., of tho Ovens district; Willia Tem- pleton Esq., of tho Avoca district. MAGISTRATES.-- His Excellency, the Governor has been pleased to appoint the under mentioned gentlemen to be Magistrates for the Colony of Victoria, viz :-- John Kelly Trainor Esq., of Kilmore ; Bindon Seymour, Esq., of Kilmore ; Charles John Dennys, Esq., of the Barrabool Hills ; Frederick Bray, Esq., of the Yackandandah Goldfields, Beechworth; Wil- liam Welshman, Esq., of the Yackendandah Gold-fields, Beechworth. MECHANICS' INSTITUTION, WARRNAM- BOOL.-- The discussion class, on Wednesday night last, was again well attended, and it is certainly very gratitying to witness the interest taken by the community. The promoters of the class have every reason to be proud of their successful endeavors to provide a source of rational enjoyment at least once a week. The subject discussed on Wednesday night last was, although a hackneyed one, very interesting, namely :-- "Whether the discovery of gold has been beneficial to Victoria ?" Mr. Walsh took the negative side of the question, and was fol- lowed by Messrs. Macgregor and Clarke. Dr. Byas took the affirmative, followed by Messrs Osburne, Parker, and Denney. The audi__ decided in favor of the goldfields by a large majority. The subject for to- morrow evening's debate is,-- Has light literature been produc- tive of good to society?"--Warrnambool Ex- aminer. CREMORNE GARDENS.--This popular place of amusement has been reoponed for the winter season under the management of Mr. J. Macdona , with additional attractions, and will, we trust, receive a fair share of the public patronage. REMOVING LOAM.--At the City Court on Saturday, William Batchelor and Moore Beatty were charged with removing loam from Prince's Park. They were fined 20s. each. These make five persons who have been charged during the past week with removing loam from this locality, although the magistrate has directed the proper notices to be put up. It was promised that his direction would be attended to. ___SHOPLIFTING.--Two men, named Scruton and Wilkinson, were charged at the District Police Court on Saturday with stealing two packages of candles from a store near the Rocky Water Holes. The prosecutor deposed that the two men had come into his shop to purchase some bread, and had walked off with the candles. He did not give them into custody until next day, and then only on one of them going up to speak to him. The court (present Messrs. Noel and Snodgrass) did not consider the proseoutor's evidence satisfactory, and discharged the prisoners. M JACOBS'S ENTERTAINMENT-Cop I ir o Olympic Theatre nightly reccivps a host of tur cit zcn», who are surely as woll entertained s« they o in reasonably desire It by no means ex ritcs our surprise, that the Prince of Wizards loitld require nn entire theatre for his own 1 roper person, for ho is, in fact, a company-and very good company too-m h roself Ho has, by the by, his sprite Sprightly, v, 1 o is an adept in his peculiar line, but he is rot «o nimble as his name would lead Buch of our readers as have not seen lura to t-uppose ho is, in truth, intentionally, what is inmiliarly called a "slow coach," contrast« ing, to his own apparent disadvantage, with 1 ii superior's double dexterity Jacobs performs, with marvellous certainty, all that the ordinary professors of the ambi dextrous art offer to their patrons, as amere filling up of the time xccessarily occupied in the preparation for his great, and, we believe, exclusivo feats But what a bottle is that liiexhuustlble one in the possession of Jacobs 1 It i« but "a common black bottle,' (eurie Cardigan,) and yet it produces " nobblers' of brandy (pale or dark), whiskey (Irish or Scotch) rum ("real Jamaica"), gin (hollands or old tom), cum multis aliis, at the command of a very large proportion of the audience We might enlarge upon tho liberality of Mr Jacobs, in thus including refreshments in the charge of admission to the Olympic, did we not bear in mind that from one bottle all the demands for ' nobblers" are supplied Tho ventriloquism is ever excellent, as, doubtless, most of our renders can now testify POLICE GAZETTE MEMS. - On the 20th Juno, six. men were stopped nnd ribbed by three men nt Monzie's Crossing Place near tho Muckleford Diggings Ono man had taken from bim 12= and from tho rest of tho party the robber« obtained £20 and «ome go'd De- scription 1st A man nbout 5 feet 5 inches 1 igh, stout built, black whiskeis dressed in blue ihirt and black neckcloth tied loose, 2nd A man also about 5 feet 5 inches high and «.tout made, 25 years of u¿o light 1 air, no whiskers, dressed in bine jumper and straw fat, 3rd A man, not so stout as the other two about ") feet 9 inches high, J5 or lOyoarJ rf oge, small black whiskers, pocl marked, hil ena light blue guernsey si irt and molerkin trousers-Two bay horses wero stolen on tho morning of the 22nd Juno, from near Rock Bank Hotel Bacchus Marsh Rood, most probibly taken n the Ballaarat direction, marked as follows - A strong bay horse, switcii tail, marked D on near ¡boulder, scarcely visible, and a few white ¡jots under saddle, tho other a bay horso ihort owitch tail markt d TD neor shoulder, Heck pointe, a small tore spit on back, and a little swellmginsidcod hind ltg joint, remarkable \- Stolen or strayed iio n the vicinity of thoAdo bude Lead, between the pvcmi g of the 18th irt-t Mid the morning of the 19th inst, a dark brown mare, branded JC (B under) nenr iihoul t'rr(thpB indistinct), white spot on forehead, i wd eli tail, sear on near hip-Stolen, on the r'pbtot the 25th inst, from Separation Town hip Plenty River one dark bay horso, 1 rtnded CT on tho near shoulder 2 ofT ibculihi , and one light boy horse, DM i ii shoulder. £5 reward each on recovery - lr«t or stolen, in Collingwood, on the 20th n sinnt one bay horse, branded QC on the i rar shoulder, long tail, had on a lialtei, r-trt bridle, and long reins £5 reward on urnvery -Stolen from the district of Sand- ln rst, on the 16th instruit ono bay horso IE ? ii neck, scarcely \i=iblc, switch tail Reward, i 10 on rccoveiy, or £20 on conviction 1S55 - rod>i Unclaimed-round drowned in the Yarra, ile body of a man, name unknown, about 33 v t nrs of ago, 5 feet 9 inches high, stout made, landy han and whiskers, had on blue shirt, mole- skin trousers, und lace up boots A verdict, 'found iTowred" has been returned by a coroner's jury. Hu ¡lui Edward JVsAti. - Information is re- quested of Edward Fisher, who received a load D) goods from Messrs Lh ett and Co , merchants, o rimdti3 stroet wost, Melbourne, to bo dell v cred m Hepburn Ho was last seen on the 9th June instant, at the Coliban, and took the direct îcndtojim Crow, since which time he ln.s not 1 con heurd of, and is suppo«cd to have been murdered Somo of the goods wtro addreesod to Mr AY tren, Arictoria Stores, Hepburn, and «cmo to Mr Buttnor, Post-oflice, * Hep burn Edward Fishei is about 23 years 01 agc, 5 feet 8 Inches high, sandy hair, short beard, wore brown overcoat, moleskin trouser J, leggings and black south wester hat Tho horses a i d di ay which Fisher drove aro of the following deeciiption -1st, a chestnut golding nbout 15 bond» 2 inches high, branded AV on tho near shoulder, 2nd, a dark brown horse, l8 hands 2 it chea high branded JP on the near shoulder, OT off shoulder, and 3rd, a chestnut horso lo hands 2 inches high, branded aj on the near shoulder, ile* dray was numbered 2284, and was marked Fisher" on one side, and "Fisher Pruhran,'on, the other £10 reward for information respeot ig F îslicr and a further reward of £100 for ro- ckery of the property, if the samehas been stolen* J'ioperty Found In/ l'ohce Officers - round on Tlursdiiy, in Gertrudo street, Collingwood n c1 rblnut horse, binnded N on the near shoulder ni d H oft BhouTder, blazo down face, and white feliocks Information to the Inspectoi of Police, Jv cibourno-Found on Fndny, in the Swamp lui tho AA harf, Melbourne, an opin faced tiver watch, JSo 090, makers nnme, AV Ed wirds, Liverpool, with steel cbnin, and four keys ittaehed Information to the Detectn o Office, nina of Collins and AVilliam ctreets, Melbourno. -lounlin a miner s hole at Ballenrut twenty f( S9ickiiin or butchers' knives vi irh black han- dles and brass rivet» Information to Inspector oi Police, Ballaarat -l'ohce Gazette MOUNT WILLIAM DIGGINGS.--We have seen a splendid nugget of about seven ounces weight at Mr. Bland's, to whom it has been for- warded from Mount William during the past week. Many diggers have arrived from Ballaa- rat, and the accounts are of a most favorable de- scription. Both the population and the yield of gold is on the increase, and there is every pros- pect of it becoming one of the most important gold-fields of the colony.-Banner of Belfast. BELFAST LECTURE.--The Rev. Robert M'Ewan delivered a lecture in the Presbyterian Church on Thursday evenimg on the ' Surface of the earth, and the geological causes which effected its present conformation." Although from the nature of his subject the lecturer had to enter at length into details, which are not usually appreciated by a public audience, he treated it in a proper and lucid style. He exposed the popular fallacy re- garding the age of the earth, and from geological causes demonstrated that it must have existed for thousands of years before the creation of man. He also showed the perfect consonance of these views with revealed religion, and swept away the arguments advanced by the advocates of materialism and other infidel doctrine. The latter portion of the lecture warmly interested the audience which, by the way, we would have wished to have been more numerous.--Banner of Belfast. DRUNKARDS.--At the City Court on Sa- turday, twenty-three persons, male and female, were brought before the Mayor, charged with drunkenness and creating disturbances, all of whom were fined 20s. each, or twenty-four hours' imprisonment. STEALING.--At the City Court on Satur- day, Thomas Broughton, a lad of ten or twelve years of age, was charged by Benjamin Sly with stealing his coat while at work breaking stones in Spring-street. The boy said he saw the coat lying in the street, and picked it up. He had no idea of stealing it. The Mayor advised him to be more careful for the future in taking things which did not belong to him, and dis- charged him. STEALING COATS.--At the City Court on Saturday, Edward Lyons, who keeps a board- ing-house in Queen-street, charged Patrick Mooney with stealing two coats from his pre- mises. He stated that the prisoner entered his house on Friday, and ordered dinner, but before it was prepared, he slipped out, taking with him two coats belonging to his lodgers. He was seen to take them by his servant, and he imme- diately pursued him, and gave him in charge. He was sent to gaol for one month. TAKING TIMBER FROM CROWN LANDS .— John M'Coffney was charged at the City Court yesterday, with cutting and removing timber from the Royal Park on Friday. He stated that he had applied for a license that morning, and was promised it at three o'clock the same day. He was fined 10s. STREET FIGHTING.—Alice Butler and Catherine M'Kenzie were charged at the City Court on Saturday with this offence. They were taken into custody while engaged in scratching and clawing eaoh other at a fearful rate on Friday night, in front of the Scottish Hotel, Bourke-street. They were fined £5 each. STEALING.—At the City Court on Satur- day, William Williams, a colored man, was charged with stealing a watch from Mrs. Henry, Victoria- lane, with whom he lodged. The watch was traced to a pawnbroker's shop. He was sent to gaol for three months. A CASE THAT TOO OFTEN OCCURS.— Eliza Jones, a middle-aged woman, was charged at the City Court on Saturday, with being drunk and wandering about the street. The constable at the City Court __ she had two and wandering about the who took her in charge said, that ____ young children with her ; and each was h___ passion for them, that instead of taking the mo ther to the watchhouse, he had found them com- fortable quarters elsewhere. The prisoner appeared to be suffering excessively from drink, and whe was sent to gaol for fouteen days--her children to be with her. J" STEALING FIREWOOD. - At the City ? Court on Friday, Henry Dumsford wos charged by James Chapel, of Bcndigo-strcet, with steal- ing wood from his yard. The prisoner, who is Chapel's noxt-door neighbor, was seen by a lodger of complainant's on the night of the 17th Inst., endeavoring to throw a log of wood over the fence into his own yard. The wife of com. plainant seemed very anxious for the committal of Dumsford, but tho magistrate looked upon the charge as a trumpery affair. He, however, fined the prisoner 40s., giving him, at the same time, a salutary caution. NEIGHBORS' QUARREL.-At the City Court on Friday, Catherine Miller, an elderly woman, whose husband, keeps au oyster shop in LlttloiBourke-strcct, near the Horse and Jockey Inn, appeared and churged Elizabeth Newton ?with entering her promues on Thursday after- noon, and, in tlie presence of ber children, using . the most abusive and obscene language towards her. From the very respectable appearance of Mrs. Newton, it might have boen inferred that the complaint was somewhat exag gerated, and the Mayor suggested a settle ment out of court. " As j'ou appear to be neighbors, I think Mrs. Newton will make a satisfactory apologj'." ''No, indeed, jour Wur ship. I shall moko no apology to her !" " Neigh- bors 1" exclaimed Mrs. Miller, " Deliver me from such neighbors! No, your Worship, I am a decent woman, the mother of nine children, mid many is the poor orphan to whom 1 have given bread." Mrs. Miller then reiterated the charge, and the Maj'or, after a patient hearing, fined the prisoner 40s., or seven dayci imprisonment. To the surprise of every one Mrs. Newton scorned the idea of paj ing 40s. " No, indeed, she would iiay no -IOf. She would go to gaol, and she would et his SVorship seo that she could do so too !" DlFFICULTIEb OF A BULLOCK - DRIVER. At the City Court on Ft ¡day, James M'Cuo complained that on Friday last he had made a bargain with Mr. Drummett for three loads to Mount Blackwood, and he was to have them on Monday morning. To make the bargain binding, as ho thought, he had given him ¡El. On Mondaj', when he went with his three bullock-tcanis, ho found there was no load for him. Ile therefore asked for his £1 and his expenses. Mr. Drummett admit- ted all this. Ho stated, however, that the time appointed was ten o'clock on Monday morning, instead of which it was twelve when the com plainant arrived, and as time was a great object he had eugaged other teams. The case was dis missed. A HORSE AT LARGE.-At the City Court on Friday, Edward Crisp, of Collingwood, was charged with allowing his horse to run loose in the streets. The prisoner stated that he had just taken him from the cart, and that the horse was on the wav to the stable. He was fined 10s. DRAYMEN WITHOUT LICENSES.-At the City Court onFridaj', George Foote, Robert Sutton, and Stephen Cullen wero charged with pursuing the business or draymen without having license0. They «ero fined 20s. each -John Burke was also charged with the same offence. He stated that he wa9 in the employ- ment of a gentleman who lived fourteen miles irom town, and that he had come for goods. He was discharged upon paying costs - Smith was also charged with having no name or number on his dray. He was fined 20s. STEALING.-James Turner was charged at the City Court on Friday, with stealing two Íairs of boots from tho shop of Mrs. Ann Per ins, in Elizabeth-street, on Thursday. The prisoner admitted the theft, and pleaded drunken- ness as an excuse. He woe sent to gaol for six months. DAMAGING CROWN TIMBER. — Samuel Stevenson, a lad fourteen years of age, was charged at the City Court on Friday, with cutting and barking trees near the St. Kilda Road. The constable stated that this appeared to he a great amusement to the boys in that vicinity. The Major ordered that the boy's parents should be informed of his conduct, and stated, that if another case was brought before him of this nature, he should most assuredly punish it severely. BEFERRING 'io GOVERNMENT LAND I SALES AT GEELONG.-The improvements on lot ' 13, to be offered for sale on the 24th proximo, have been valued at £.¡0, and those upou lot 22 . at £35, both of which amounts have been added to the upset price of these respective lots. Suburban lots 1 to three inclusive havo been withdrawn from the sale to take placo on the 4th of July, being required for public pur- poses. GOLD IN QUARTZ SPECIMENS.-The fol- lowing ingenious method of ascorta'ning the quantity of gold in a quartz specimen has been sent to us by a gentleman residing in Geelong, who is practically acquainted with the assaying and coinage of gold ; and we expect that, w hile many of our readers will peruse it with interest, there nro some who will test its accuracy for themselves. Weigh the specimen first in air, then in water, and divide the weight in air by the loss in-»¡¡ter. Then multiply the weight in air by the specific gravity of fine gold ; multiply the loss in water by 40,92<J j substract tho latter from the former; divide the difference of the spe- cific gravity of fine gold and the specific gravity of the quartz; and the quotient will be the quan titj' of fine gold in the specimen. Then, as twenty-four carats is to the quantity of fi le gold, so is the fineness of the gold in the specimen to the quantity of golihst the fineness ascertained. Example :-A quartz specimen of 2S1 ozs. in air lost by weighing in water 53 ozs. Then 53 boing the divisor and 281 the dividend, the specific gravity of specimen is found to be 5'3. Next, multiplying 2S1 ozi. by 1U, the specific gravity of fino gold, the product is 5339; 49'929 being then multiplied by the loss, 53, gives a product of 2'04G 237. The specific gravity of quartz is 2'GC, and being subtracted from that of line gold, the difference is ascot coined to be 1G-34. Then 2-64Ö-237 being subtracted from 53Í9. the differ- ence is found to be 2092 703, which, divided by 10-340, gives 100 ozs. 15 dwts. 19 grs. as the true quantity of gold contained in specimen. Sup- posing that the gold in the Bpecimon is only 23} carats fine, how much gold, at that fineness, doos it contain? As 21 carats is to 104 ozs. 15 dwts. 19 grs., so is 23J caratsto 159 ozs. 12 dwts. 19 grs of gold of 23J fine. In practically applying the above method there is risk of error, from the air cells and interstiocs existing in all auritcrous quartz, the effect of w hioh would be to mako the /specimen appear of less than its real value. If, as is often tho case, other metals existed in the quartz, the above process would make the quart ¿ appear of more thun its real value.- Geelong -Advertiser. STEALING PILES.-At the City Court on IVednesdoj', a Wm. Davis appeared to answer to a chargomade by the agent of tho Hobson's Baj Railway Company of Btcalingthreo piles, belong- ing to them, from the bench at Sandridge. The charge was made on Monday ugoinst William Mosley, on.ownor of drays, for whom Holmes, a carter in his employ, appeared, he being himself at tho diggings. Tho case wos remanded to Tuesdaj', when it was found that Mr. Davis was the proper man to summon, and he accord- ingly appeared on Thursdaj'. Mr. Davis stated that ho purchased by auction ninotocn piles, marked D, lying on tho bench, and had instructed Mosley to draw them awaj'. Three bad boen taken accordingly by his carter, Holmes, and be was about taking a fourth, when the agent of the railway company orderod kim to desist, as thoj' wore their property. On this being represented to Mr. Davis, he had offered to return them, but the agent preferred that a Ma- gistrate should sottle tho afiair. The Magistrate, therefore, settled it, according to tho plan pro- posed by Mr. Davis,-to return the three piles, and then dismissed the cass. ASSAULT. - Edward Thorndikc, was charged on Friday, at the District Court, with assaulting Thomas Dymond. The complainant is tho master of a vessel lying in the Saltwater ïtiver, and the defendant was cook and steward. The defendant was sent ashore for some condies, 'but brought some bread instead. On being re- primanded ho became abusive, and utteinptcd to stab tho complainant with a knifo and fork. These wore wrested from him. and ho was turned on deck. As soon as he got there ho bogan kicking the windows out of tho skylights, and knocked away the barometer and a swing- ing compass. Complainant ran on deck, and tho défendant then ran to the binnacle, and seizing the compass with both hands, throw It ou com- plainants head, inflioting a severe wound. He liad evidontly boen drinking. Tho prisoner in his defence said that the complainant at- tempted to fire at him with a gun. Ho WES sentenced to two months' imprisonment, with hard labor. DitUNKENNEfls.-At tho City Court on Prlday tho list comprised oight persons, who ivoro fined 20s. each. EMERALD HILL MUNICIPAL ELKCTTON. The election of councillors for the municipality of Emerald Hill has given great satisfaction to all but the unsuccessful candidates nnd their j frionds. The election soeuis a happy one, ns , lhere will be a councillor to roprcscnt oach class 3n the locality. Mr. Sorvico for the Sootoli and ] rre8bytorlans;*Mr. O'Brien for tho Irish aud Roman Catholics j Mr. Ross for tho tradesmen; Mr. Gardner, for tho landowners ; Mr. Choesoll for the shipowners, of whom a largo numbor aro losldonts. Mr, Hancock, no doubt, will bo the chairman, end Mr. Anderson will bo a valuable j acquisition, being a. gentleman connootcd with the logal profession. Wo trust that.all will work ?mioably together, nnd fulfil the promises made , p) tholt constituents. CONFESSION OF MURDER.-At the City Court, on Saturday, Henry Cooper appeared be- fore the Mayor, having given himself up on Friday evening, as a murderer. He now, how- ever, stated, that ho had arrived from Geelong that day,-and, being drunk, had como to the Polico Office, and told n story of committing a murder some two and a half years ago, in order to get shelter for the night, as he had no money. The magistrate then asked for the confession he had made, when Captain Freeman carno for ward,and read the fjllowing deposition:-"Henry Cooper, late of Bacchus Marsh, quarryman, this day (Friday), came to tho police office, Mel- bourne, and made the following voluntary state- ment : In the month of June, 1852, I was at Birkenhead, in the county of Chester. About the 22nd or 23rd of that month I was drinking with two other men, one of whom was named AVilson, tho other's name.James, but I do not recollect his surname. Ho was by trade a stonecutter. AVc went on the road to Eastbam, near the Bir- kenhead Hotel, when we met a gentleman in a gig. His horso ran against one of my mates. Some words ensued, when we dragged him out of his gig. AVilson struck bim with H stick which he hud in his hand, and which contained a sword. He struck him on the head a very violent blow, which stunned him. Fearing that he was in ured, I assisted my companions to raise him fro n the ground, but found that he was dead. We then placed the body in the gig, and took it to a cesspool, near a brickfield, about two miles on the Birkenhead side of Eastham, and threw it in. The cesspool was full of water, and the body instantly disappeared AVe left the horse and gig in the road. I then separated from my companions, and made the beat of my way to Manchester, where I obtained employment in Fairburn and Son's machine manufactory, in Ancoat's-lane. I afterwards went to Li vcrpool, and shipped on board the Marco Polo, Captain Rennie, as an ordinary seaman, and arrived in the colony about two years ago, and was dis- charged from the ship at the AVilliamstown Police Court. About twelve months ago, I saw the man AVilson in this colony. He was then at the M-Ivor, employed as a digger. 1 make this statement to caso my mind ; and it has latterly preyed very much upon my conscience. I wish to add that nothing was taken from the body of the gentleman, and I do not believe my companion intended to kill bim when lie struck the blow." Captain Freeman then stated that he had looked over the files of the London Police Gazette in his office, and in one, bearing dato the 23rd July, 1852, he had found the following notice :-He thought there was a strong resemblance be- tween the prisoner and the second man de- scribed in this notice. He would read it : " Absconded*from Birkenhead, on the morning of the 4th inst., three men, charged with the wilful m-irdcr of AA'illiam Goon, a sailor. One is named James Neil, from twenty to twenty-two years of agc, fivo feet eight or nine inches high, fresh complexion, dark brown hair, no whiskers, smart and good-looking, dressed in a dark frock coat, light cord trousers, white f-hirt, red striped silk handkerchief round his neck, and lace up allocs or boots ; is, by trade, a stojie waller, and a native pt Baileyborough, county Cavan, Ireland ; is in the habit of frequeuting low beer-houses, and is fond of dancing. He worked at Edinburgh about two years ago. The second man, name unknown, is about 22 years of age, 5 feet 8 inches high, fresh complexion, rather stout built, and short brown curly hair, dressed in a light baragon jucket, and dark cloth cap. Is an Irishman. The third man, name unknown, is from 20 to 24 years of age, a feet 0 inches high, dressed in dark cloth- ing, and is supposed to be an Irishman." He was remanded for teven days. INQUEST.-An inquest was held at the Hospital, on Saturday, 30th instant, before Richard Youl, Esq., acting coroner, upon view of the body of William Buckle, aged thirty-four years. John Ey ton, police constable, found in deceased's lodgings a pistol lying on the floor, and some ammunition, £3 8s., a bill of exchange for 100 dollars, some books, and a pocket-book. Saw deceased before his death, and he informed me that a man named Dobbell, who lives at Mack's Hotel, in Elizabeth-street, owed him £30. No other property was found on him. Arthur Kay le : About eight o'clock on Thursday night heard the report of a pistol in the room which deceased occupied. AVas lodging in the same house. AVent into the room, in company with others, and found deceased lying on the bed, with a wound in the stomach, and his clothes on fire. Put out the fire. Deceased said-" 1 have sinned several times against the Holy Ghost, and I have shot myself." The pistol produced is the one with which he shot himself, which he said contained two bullets. The pistol was lying by ids side, recently discharged. A medical man was sent for, and deceased was re- moved to the Hospital. He had been praying frequently before that. Never saw him before that time. AVilliam Gillbee, surgeon, deposed: Deceased was admitted on Thursday evening into the Hospital, about balf-past nine o'clock. He W83 suffering at the time of his admission from a gunshot wound in tho abdomen, through which part of the viscera protruded, He died about two o'clock tlie following day. The cause of his death was a gunshot wound penetrating .the ab- domen and injuring the viscera. He said that he had done it himself, and knew nothing could be done for Win. Arerdict- Died from the effects of a gunshot wound, indicted by himself while in a state of temporary insanity. Pr oi GUIM* MATCH -BAHR VBOOL IIII LS -On Thursday last, a ploughing match tool place on the farm of Mr John Honey, of the Barrabool Hills, which is situated on Mr M Lachlau's estate This match was not got up by the Geelong and Western District Agricul tuial und Horticultural Soedetj, b<st by several farmers residing on the Barrabool Hi'ls who, on the occasion of the prcuous match had joined together to benr the expenses ot the pre scut one The following are the names of the parties who subscribed-Mr W Uonoj ¿.20, Mr J T Thomas, £o , Mr Bankin, £5, Mr John Herd £5, Mr W Heard, ¿5 , Mr John Hcurd £5 , Mr Peach, i J , Mr Jos Piper £10, Mr Edmund Roche, ti, Sir John Cameron, to, Messrs. Young Brothers £5, Mr, D M Cul lum, Markot square, saddler, £2 10s , and Mr Fraser, £5 The lnrin ot Mr John Honey is situ »ted about two milesbej ond the Wheatsheaf inn, at the village of Ceres, on the road towards Mount Moriac, and oloso to Williamsons run The ground where tho bullock ploughed was sit uated near the road, and that used bj the horse teams further bock This mutch was not so well attended as the last, -\ery lew people horn Geelong being picsent, and we do not think that at any part of the daj there were moro than one hundred and twenty persons assembled Councillor O Farrell, Mr John Arm strong and Mr James Scott, acted as judges, and Mr John Young, as honorary secretary and treosuierto the committee who got up the match 1 or the bullock ploughs, teams belonging to the follow'ng parties «ero entered viz -Mr Noj lor, Mr Peach, Mr Ortuss, Mr John Caine ron, and Mr John Honej For tho ploughs with horso draught there were twehe entries Mr W in Hontj, Mr Samuel Herd, Messrs Young Brothers, Mr Bankin, Mr Burdett, Mr Dugald Cameron, Mr Hill, Mr S lhomas (two teams), Mr James Anderson and Mi Sinclair The Champion Prize ot £7 10s, between Robert raton and the w Inner of the first prize for horse ploughs m this match, was not competed for, it being optional with Robert Paton whether he chose so to compote A prize of £5 was to havo been awarded to the owner ol the best plough, but this prize wos not gncn for the follow ing reason -AN hen the judges came to decide upon this question, only toiu ploughs remained on the ground One of these was of a decidcdlj interior description, and the remaining three were all bj the same maker, so that the judges deemed it right not to award the piizo at all The first prize oi £S lor bullock teams was awarded to tho plough I mon who belonged to Mr Naylors plough, and tin. becond of 4.0 to Mr Ortuss V third prise was advertisod, but was not gi\en "\Mtli regard to the horse-teams, there w ero five prices »warded The fiist, ot £10, to Andrew Grej ploughman to Messrs Young, the second, of £3, to George Kew stead, ploughman to Mr James Anderson, the thud, ol £0, to S Selstree, ploughman to Mi Bankin,the fouitb oi £4, to J Frigg, ploughman to Mr Samuel Heid, and tho illili, oi £2, to R Lane, ploughman to Mr 'W lUhun Honey For tho two prizes ot iß nud £1, for ploughmen amongst the general com potitors who aio natives of anj of the Aus trulasian colonies, or who have arrived | therein under the ago of seven years there wero no competitors, but the second prize of £lwns made a present to a nath o ploughman named Dugald Cameron, who was only sixteen j jeaisof age AVith icgard to the ohoracter of ¡ the ploughing itsolf, from the opinions expressed bj experienced parties, wo can stato that it i was of a. suporlor description, and ovincod that | much progross hod been made in this art -Geo ¡ona AdveiiiàC) SBW CEMETERV.-Tho local Government have complied willi tho potltion ol' tho inhabi- tants of tho Barrabool Hills, and granted four aores of reservo land In that locality as a bury- ing ground,--Gcelonij Advertiser. JUSTICES OF THE PEACE.-Notwith- standing tho extraordinary number of names that appears upon tho rostor of Justices of tho Penco, it Is not unusual to find the business of | (ho Polloo Court and Petty Sossjons brought to n stand-still from tho absonoo of every pno of j thoso worthy gontlomon bearing her MoJ«qt> 8 commission lor tho peace.-Geelong Advertiser, ' CAPTAIN MECUIOSCK.- The committee appointed at tho public meeting to collect sub scriptions and to defray the cost of fitting out a prospecting party lo test the tact of a gold field existing thirty-five miles from Geelong, in about a south-westerly direction, held a meeting yes terday to receive the report of the colhotors and to decide on what Bttps ought to be first taken. Captain Mecbosck ropeatcd his state- ment that he had already found gold m two dif- ferent places in that quarter The committee ultimately decided on supplying Captain Mc chosck with the means ot proceeding to the locality m company with two I mem- bers of the committee, who are prac- tically well acquainted with digging mat- ters, in order to inspect the country, and gtvo their opinion as to the genuineness 'of the discovery. They stuit on Monday afternoon, and if their report be favorable, a prospecting party will be immediately fitted out The fol- lowing sums were paid over to thetreasurci, Mr Jamed Noble -Collected by Messrs M'Phil limy and Gjslmg, £28 5s , Messrs AVatts and Stirling, £15 Cs Od , Messrs Richards and Uur nson, A.15 5s bd. total, £58 17s. Two of the collectors have hot yet huuded m their lists, and the other collectors anticipated considerable ad- ditions to tlie sums already collected The abovo statement does not uicluae sums subscribed but not yet paid, ail of which are supposed to be good Lurge subscriptions are expected from the nihobitants of Uoluc and adjacent country - Geelong Adie) tuet Tub PAIRIOIIC FUND.-The ball an- nounced to take place on lhursday noxt, in the Exhibition Building, in aid ot the Patriotic Fund, has caused some hule excitement amongst the luv ers of these amusements, and is likely to be well attended. The object tor wbich it is held, and the extended putronugc it has received, pro mise well tor the success of the attempt, and we believe that a considerable sum will be raised The arrangements aie made under the manage- ment of the A letona Rifle Regiment, who will luwe a good opportunity ot display mg their taste in catering for the entertainment of their visitors, who cannot but be numerous, when so desirable an object is to be attained as n contribution for the relief of the widows and orphans caused by the war m the Crimea. GEELONG AND MELBOURNE RAILWW. The works of this line are progressing very slowly. The embankment works, near tue ruco course, arc m u very incomplete condition, and the cutting through the bul, which is rather a deep one, is carried through a heavy rocky soil, which presents considerable difficulties to the workmen There is a brcuk in the embankment already formed, which is about thirty yards wide, and the provision fcrcrossiug w hieb ia very unsafe. A uathvkuy, consisting of aseries of hvc sets of planks, is fixed u^on the top ot several beams, which are driven into the soil in the hollow These oiler to passengers, of whom there are many in the course of the day, a very msccure pathway, which has not oven a hunu ruil to prevent u person from slipping into tho water wmch passes underneath i'hese planks are nowhere more than eighteen inches wide, and henel under the weight ot a single indivi- dual, to such a degree that it requires u good deal of nerve and steadiness to maintain u balance. This kind of bridge moy be sulhcient tor the re- quirements of a lew practised workmen, but surely some better provision should be made tor the security of such of the public as are tempted by the saving m the distance, to prefer this path to the b lemington road. 