BIRMINGHAM.—STRATFORD-ON-AVON. Frum Mrs. Stowe's ' Sunny Memories.' ,'?'? -' it was a rainy, misty morning when I left ? my kind retreat and friends in Edinburgh. ::. Considerate as everybody had been about iin ': nosing on my time or strength, still you may : Tvell believe that I was much exhausted. We left Edinburgh, therefore, with the de termination to plunge at once into some hidden ' aud unknown spot, where we might spend two w tlirnn davs ouietly by ourselves ; and re meinbering your Sunday at Stratfordon Avou I proposed that we should go there. As Stratford, however, is off the railroad line we determined to accept the invitation, which was lying by us, from our friend Joseph Sturge, of Birmingham, and take sanctuary with him. So we wrote on, intrust- ing him with the secret, and charging him on no accouut to let any one know of our arrival. Well in the rail car, we went whirling along by Prestonpans, where was fought the cele- brated battle in which Colonel Gardiner was killed by Dunbar, where Cromwell told his army to "trust in God and keep their powder dry ;" through Berwick-on-the-Twecd and Wtastlc-on-Tyne ; by the old to.wer3 ; aud gates of York, with its splendid cathedral ; getting a view of Durham Cathedral ' in: the distance. The country betweeu Berwick and JN ewcas tle is one of the greatest/manufacturing dis-r tricts of England, and' for smblce.'.smiit^and ' gloom, Pittsbnrg . and Whecliug-bear no' com ipurison to it. The English sky, always paler; ;anil. cooler in its tints than ours, here seems . .to be turned into a leaden canbpy'; tall chim neys belch forth gbonv'andconfusion ; houses, factories, fences, even ; trees and grass, look' grim, and sooty. It is true that people with immense wealth. ' -caii live in such regions in cleanliness and ele- gance ; but how must it be with the poor ? I ?know of no one circumstance rnorc unfavour able to moral purity than the necessity of being' physically dirty.. Our nature is so in-, tensely symbolical, that where the outward sign of defilement becomes habitual, the inner ' 'is t.nn iint; t,o 'firiiTfisnond. I am ciuite sure that before there ,can be a universal millen nium, trade must be pursliedin such a way as to enable the working classes to realise some thing of beauty and purity in the circumstances of their outward life. I have heardthere is a law before the Bri tish Parliament, whose operatiou is designed to purify the air ' of ^England by introducing chimneys which- shall '\ consume all the sooty particles which now float about,. obscuring the air and carrying defilement with them. May that day be hastened. At Newcastlc-on Tyne and some , other places various friends canie , out to meet us, some of whom presented us with, most splendid' bouquets of hot-house flowers! '. This region has been the seat of some of the most zealous and efficient antislavery operations in England. About night our car3w1iizzedinto the depot at Birmingham; but just before we came in a ?diQiculty was started in1 the company.',' Mr. Sturge is to- be there. ?waiting;i'or us, but he does not know us, and we don't know him ; iirlinf icj fn l-\n rlrmn ? '* '? ' CV'' ' { ' inqiaf-.prV f.hn.f: }m should know him by instinct ;?. and soafter we reached the depot, we told: him to sally out aud try. Sure onougri, in a few moments he pitched upon a cheerful, middle-aged gentle raan, with a moderate but not decisive broad brim-to his hat,: and 'challenged him as Mr. Sturge ; the result verified the truth that 'Di- stinct is a greatmatter.'. In a few moments ? our new friends. and ourselves were snugly en-, cased in a ily, trotting off as briskly as ever we could to his place at Edgbaston, nobody a whit the wiser. ' You do not know how snug we felt to think we had done it so nicely. The carriage sooiv drove in upon a gravel walk, winding among turf, flowers, and, shrubs', where we found opening to us another home as warm and kindly as:the one' we had just left, made doubly interesting by the idea of entire privacy and seclusion. After retiring to our chambers :, to repair the ravages of travel, we united in the pleasant' supper ? room, where j the table was laid before a bright coal fire: no unimportant feature this fire, I can assure you, in a raw cloudy evening. ; A glass door from the supper room .opened into a con servatory, brilliant with pink and iyellow azaleas, golden calceolarias, and a profusion of other beauties, whose names I: did notknow. ' The side tables were, strewn with books, and the ample folds of the drab curtains, let,dbwn over the windows, shut out the raid, damp,' aud chill. -When we wore gathered round the table, Mr. Sturge said that he had somewhat expected ' Elihu Burritt that evening, and we all hoped he , would come. I must not omit to say, that the evening circle was made . more attractive .; and agreeable in my eyes by the presence of two or lliree of the little people who were blessed with the rosy cheek of English children. : Mr. Sturge is one of the most prominent and efficient of the philanthropists of modern days. An air of benignity and easy : good nature veils and conceals in him the most un iliucbing perseverance and energy of purpose. He has lor mariv vfinrs hnnn n. zfialnns advo cate of the anti-slavery cause in. England, tak ing up efficiently the work begun by Clarkson and Wilberforce. He, with a friend of the same denomination, made a journey at their own expense, to investigate the workings of the apprentice system, by which the act of immediate emancipation in the 'West Indies was for a while delayed. After his return ho sustained a rigorous examination of seven days Wore a committee of the House of Commons, the result of which successfully demonstrated tw abuses of that system, and its entire iuutl lityfor preparing either masters or servants for final emancipation. This evidence went' as far as anything to induce Parliament to declare immediate and entire emancipation! ' Mr. Sturge also has been equally zealous and engaged in movemenss for the ignorant and perishing classes at home. At his own oxpensc he has sustained a private Farm ockool for the reformation of juvenile ' offen ders, and it has sometimes been found that boys, whom no severity and no puuhhment B3emel to affect, have been entirely molte:! ana subdued by the gentler measures hero employed. He has also taken a vtry ardent aud ded:lcl part in efforts for the extension of we principles of peace being a warm friend and supporter off Elihu Burritt. The next morning it was agreed that we should take our drive to Stratford-on- Avon. As yet this shrine of pilgrims stands a little aloof from the bustle of modern progress, and railroad cars do not run whistling and whisk 1 mg with brisk officiousness by the old church 1 aa|* the fanciful banks of the Avon. 1 lne country that we were to pass over was1 1 jf^J^iarly old English ; that phase of I ow English which is destined soon to pass i away, under the restless regenerating force of I modem progress. I Oar ride along was a singular commixture I oi an upper and under current of thought, Deep down in our hearts we were going back to English days ; the cumbrous, quaiut, queer, old, picturesque times; the dim, haunted times betweeu cock- crowing and morning ; those hours of national childhood, when popular ideas had the confiding credulity, the poetic vivacity, and versatile life, which distinguish children from grown people. No one can fail to feel, in reading any of the plays of Shakspeare, that he was born in an age of credulity and marvels, aud that the materials out of which his mind was woven were dyed in the grain, in the haunted springs of tradition. It would have been as absolutely impossible for even himself, had he been born in the daylight of this century, to have built those quaint Gothic- structures of inin.mnn.tion. and tinted them with their neculiar colouring of marvellbusness and mystery, as for a modem artist to originate and execute the weird designs of an ancient catlieclral. Both Gothic architecture and this perfection, of Gothic poetry were the springing and effloresence of that age, impossible to grow again. They were the forest primeval ; other trees' may spring in their room, trees as mighty and .as. fair, but not such trees. So, as. we rode .along, siir speculations and thoughts in the under current were back in the old world of tradition. ? While, on the other hand, for the upper current, we were keeping up a, brisk conversation .'on the peace question, on the'- abolition ' of slavery,; oil the possibility of ignoring slave-grown ' produce, on Mr. Cobden aud-Mr; Bright,; and; in fact, on' all the most wide-awake topics, of the present day. One little incident occurred upon the road. As we, were' passing. by a quaint old mansion, which stood back from-the? roadj/surrpnnded by a deep court, Mr. S. said to me, ' There is a menu here who would nice , to see tliee, it .tho'uu hast no objections,' and went on to in form me' that she was an aged woman, who had taken a deep interest in the abolition of slavery since the time of its first .inception under Clarkson and Wilberforce, though' now lying very low on a sick bed. Of course we all ex pressed our willingness to stop, and the car riage was soon driving up the 'gravelled walk towards the house. ? Yfe were ushered into a comfortable sitting-room, which looked out on beautiful grounds, where the velvet grass, tall, dark trees, and' a certain quliint air of antiquity in disposition and arrangement, gave me a singular kind of , pleasure ; the. more so, that ?that it came to me' like a dream ; that , the house and the people were unknown to me, 'and the whole affair entirely unexpected. I was soon shown into a neat : chamber, where . an aged woman was lying in bed. I was very much struck aud impressed by her manner of receiving me. With deep emotion and tears, 'she spoke of the ? solemnity, and sacreduess: of the cause, which 'had for years lain near her heart. There seemed to be some thing almost prophetic in the solemn strain of assurance with which she spoke of the final, extinction of slavery throughout the world. I felt both pleased and ? sorrowful. I felt sorrowlulbecause I knew, if all true Christians in America had the same feelings, that: men, women, and children, for whom Christ died, wuuui iiu muruuu sum in my country uu pwi auction block. There have becn'those iu'America who have felt and prayed thus nobjy and siucei'ly for the heathen ' iii ' B urrhah and Hiudostan, and tha t sentiment was a .beautiful and -au- ennobling one ; but, alas! the number has been few who have felt and prayed lor the heathenism and shame of our own country.; for thc.heathenism which sells, the very members of ; the -body, of Christ as merchandise. ': When woWv.ere again oh the 'road, -vc were talking on the change of times in England since railroads began ; and Mr. S. gave an amusing description' of how the old lords used to travel in state, with : their coaches and horses, when they went up once a year. on « a solemn pilgrimage to London, with postilions and outriders, and all the country gaping and wondering after them. 'I wonder,1,' said one of Us,.,' if Shakspeare we're! lty'iiig^ what, Jie would say to our-- times; and what he would think of all the .:- questions that are -agitating the world now.' ; That he .did have thoughts avIioso roots^rau.far beyond the depth of the age in which he lived, is iplain enough from numberless indications in hisplays : huh whptlip.r Iia. wriiil'rl-' Imvp t.nlrp.n n.iiv Tirn.p.ttnn.1 interest .-ih the world's movements is a fair ques tion.- The' poetic inind is not always the pro gressive one ; it has, like moss and ivy;; a need for something . old to cling to and germinate upon. The artistic temperament, too, is soft aridsensi tive ; so there are all these reasons for thinking that perhaps he would have been for- keeping out of the way of the heat aud dust of .modern pro gress.' It does not follow because a mau has peuetration to see an. evil, he has energy to re form it. Erasmus saw . all that Luther saw just as clearly, but he said that he had rather never have truth at all than contend for it .with the world in such a tumult. However, on the other hand, England did, in Milton) have one poet who work of reforniation ; so it is'uot quite certain after all, -that Shakspeare might not have been a reformer in our times. One /thing is quite certain, that he would have said very shrewd things about all the matters that move the world now, as he certainly did about all mat ters that he was cognisant of in his own day. It was a little before noon when wo ? drove into Stratford, by which time, with our usual fatality in visiting poetic shrines, the day had melted off into a kind of drizzling- mist, strongly suggestive of a downright rain. It is a common trick these English days have ; the weather here seems to be possessed of a water spirit. This constant drizzle is good for ivies, and hawthorns, and ladies' complex ions, as whoever travels here will observe, but it certainly is very bad for tourists. This Stratford i§ a small town, of between three and four thousand inhabitants, and has in it a good many quaint old houses, and is characterised (so I thought) by an .aiiyof -re-, spectacle, stand-still, and meditative repose, which, I am afraid, will entirely give way before the railroad demon, for I understand that it is soon to be connected bv the Oxford. Worcester, and Wolverhampton line with. all. parts of the kingdom. Just think of that black little screeching imp rushing through these fields which have inspired so many fan cies ; how everything poetical will fly before if I rThinV nF Rhr-.li hwpp)-. snn.f-.pTiPS n.s tlipsn sot to the tune of a railroad whistle :— 'Hark-! hark I the lark at Leaver's gato sings, And Phrjabus'gins tori6o, His steeds to water ut those springs ? On chaliced flowers that lius. ''Arid winking 'Mnry-btids-bcgia ' To ope their golden eyes, With every thing that pretty, bin My ludy swoet to rise.' And again:-— ' '.' PKilomel with melody sing in our sweet lullaby, Lulla, lulla, lullaby. Never harm, nor spell, nor chiwm, Como our lovely lady nigh.' I suppose the meadows,. with their ' winking Mary-buds,' will be-all cut up into building-lots in the good times. coming,ancU Philomel caught and put in a cage to sing to tourists at three pence a-heatl. . :: 'i!;! .' '?? ' We went to the White 'Lion,' and soon had a little quiet parlour to ourselves, neatly carpeted, with a sofa drawn up to the cheerful coal fire,, a good-toned piano, and in short everything cheer ful and comfortable. : At first we thought we were too tired to do anything till after dinner; we were going ., to. take time to rest ourselves and proceed leisurely, so,' while the cloth was laying, C- took: pos session of the piano, and I; of, the sofa, till Mr S. came in upon us, saying, 'Why, Shakspeare's house is right the nextdoo'r- here 1'' -Upon that we got up, just to take 'a peep,' and from peep ing we proceeded 'to . lookins',- and .finally put on our things and went , over seriatim. The house has recently been bought by,a Shakspearian Club, who have ..'taken upon , themselves the restoration ami preservation of the premises. ;v .s:.' ; Shakspeare's father, it seems, ,was a man of some position and1, substance in his day,' being high sheriff and justice, of; the peace 'for! the borough;: and his house, 'therefore, I suppose, may be, considered 'a specimen , of, the respect able class of houses in the times of Queen Eliza- beth. We saw a good mauy old-houses somewhat similar to this on 'tlio' road, ^particularly re sembling it in the manner of. plastering, which shows all the timber on the outside. Parts of the house have been.soldj altered, and used for various purposes1.;' a butcher's stall haying been kept in a part, of jt, and a tavern in another portion, being, new- fronted with brick. ,;;;: The, object ;of- this Shakspeare Club has been to. rc-purchase all these parts,; and restore them as ncarlv as possible to ' thbir nrinievai condition; ' Tn'o part of . the. :honsc which is shoAvn consists of a : lower room, ; which is floored with flat stones very much- broken. It has'a wide, old-fashioned cliimney on one side, and opens into a smaller room back ofit. Prom thence yon go'iip a, rude flight of stairs to a low studded room, with trough plastered walls, where the poet was born. The prints of this'room, which are generally sold,' allow themselves in considerable poetic licence, reiweseutiug it in fact as quite an ele gant apartment, whereas- though it is kept scru pulously neat and cleahj the air of it is ancient and rude. The roughly-plastered walls are so covered with names. that it seemed imnossiblo to add another. The name , of almost every modern genius, naines of kings, princes, dukes, are shown hero ; and it is really curious to, see by .what .devices some very insignificant personages have endeavored -to make their own names conspicuous in the /crowd. Gene rally speaking the inscription books aud walls of distinguished- places tend to give force to the Vulgate rendering of ? Ecclesiastes i. 15, The number of fools is infinite. To add a name in a, private, modest way to I walls already so crowded, is- allowable ; hut to scrawl one's name, 'place ,bf birth, and country, half across a wall, covering scores' of namc3 under it, is an _. operation; which. 'speaks for itself.. No onewould ever.wantit'o'know more of a miau than to see his name1 there; arid, thus. , Back of this room 'were some small' bod room s, and what interested me much, astaircase lead ing up. into a diirk'.garret.'' I could not Ibut fancy I saw a briglit-eyeci,J curly-headed hoy creeping.up those stairs, zealous to explore the mysteries of that dark garret. : There perhaps he saw . Hlio- cat, with 'eyne of burning coal, crquclnng.'fore the mouse's .hole.' Doubtless iii tliis old garret were wonderful mysteries to him,: curiqus stores of old cast-off.goods aud furniture, and'rats, and mice; and-cobwebs. -' I fanciedtho: indignation of somo belligerent grandmother or aunt,, whb finds Willie up there watchiug a mouse' hole/with the cat, and: has him down straight way, grumbling that Mary did not govern that child better. We know nothing who this Mary was that was his mother; but one wonders where in that coarse 'age, when queens and ladies talked, familiarly,' as women would blush to talk now, and when the broad, coarse wit of the Merry Wives of Windsor was got up to suit the taste of a virgin queen, —one wonders, I say, when women were such and so, where he found those models of lily-like purity, women so chaste in soul and pure in language that' they could not even bring their lips to utter a word of shame. Desdemona cannot even bring herself to speak the coarse word with which her husband taunts her ; she cannot make herself believe that there are women in the world who could stoop to such grossness. For my part I cannot believe that, in such an age, such deep heart-knowledge of pure woman- hood could have' come, otherwise than by the impression on the child's soul of a mother's purity. I' seem to' have a vision of one of those women whom the world knows not of, silent, deep hearted, loving, whom the coarser and more practically efficient jostle aside and underrate for their want of interest in the noisy chitchat and common- place of 'the day ; but who yet have a sacred power, like that. of tho spirit. of peace, to brood with' dovelike wings:over the childish heart, .and quicken into life the struggling, slumbering elements of a sensitive nature. I cannot but think, in ' that beautiful scene, where ho represents Desdemona as amazed aud struck dumb with the- grossness and brutality of the charges which had been thrown upon her, yet so dignified in the consciousness of her own purity, so, magnanimous in the power of disinterested, forgiving love, that he was . portraying no ideal excellence, but only reproducing, under fictitious and suppositious circumstances, the patience, magnanimity, and enduring love which had shone upon him in the household words and ways of his mother. '.. It seemed to me that iu that bare and lowly chamber I saw a vision of a lovely face which was: the. first beauty that dawned on those childish eyes, arid heard that voice whoso lullaby tuned-his eav to an exquisite sense of cadence and rhythm. ?: I. fancied that, while she -thus serenely shone upon him like a benignant star, some rigorous grand-aunt took upon her the practical part of his, guidance, chased1 up his_ wanderings .to the ./right and left, scolded , him ,: for :? wanting. ? to look out of ? the window because his little climbing;toes left their-mark on the neat wall, or rigorously arrested him when his curly head was seen bobbing off at the. bottom of the street,;following. a,bird;-or a dog, or i a show man ; intercepting him in some happy hour when he was aiming to strike off , on 'his own account to ' an adjoining- field for '.winking Mary-buds ;' made long sermons to him on the wickedness of mudding his clothes and wetting his new shoes (if he had any), and told him .that something dreadful Would come out of the graveyard and catch him. if he was not a better boy, imagining that if it were not for her bustling activity ' Willie would go straight to destruction. 1 seem, too, to have a kind of perception of Shakspeare's father ; a quiet, God-fearing, thoughtful man, given to the reading of good books, avoiding quarrels with a most Christian like fear, and with but small talent, eithrer in the way of speech making or money getting ; a man who wore his coat with an easy slouch, and who seldom knew where his money went to. All these things I seemed to perceive as if' a sort of vision had radiated from the old ?walls ; there seemed to be the the rustling of garments and the sound of voices in the deserted rooms; the. pattering of feet on the worm-eaten stair case; the light of still, shady summer afternoons a hundred years ago, seemed to fall through the casements. and lie upon the floor. There was an interest to everything about the. house, even to the quaint iron fastenings about the windows ; because those might have arrested that child's attention, auci Decn. aweic on in some aream.y hour of infant , thought. '.. The. fires that- .once burned in thoso .old chimneys,- the fleeting sparks, the curling smoke, the glowing coals, all: may have inspired their fancies. There is a strong tinge of household colovcring in many parts of Shakspeare, imagery ; that coidd only have come from such habits of -piiet household contemplation.. See, for example, this description of the. stillness of the house^after all are gone to bed at night :— "Now sleep yslaked hath the rout; No din but snores, the house about, ; Made louder by tlio p'eifed brchst ? Of this mpst pompous marniigoTeast. i The cat, witheyne of burning; coal, |- Now cionehes Tore the mquse'3 hole ; f And crielwts'sing at th' oven's mouth, i As the blituer'faiv. their dyputh.', j Also this description of the midnight caped's of the- fairies1 ''about : the ?hbuse,': from Mid-i summer Night's Dream :— "PUCK. ? -.- -:jNow tno nungry non roars, . ' . :. :, ? ?'??'? ?'' And the;woirj)phpvv]s 'Hid i'mop'nj ' *i ; ? AVhils't'tfieifeaTyprougirn'ian'snb'rosi' V ?'?* i All with weary task fordone. ', ',''' ' NowHlie wasted brands doglow, .,,.?' Whilst the seritoh- owl, sorilchib'g, loud,: Puts the wretch, that lies in woo, : . i ?. . In rompmbranca ofaHhroud;' .' ' ? , ', : Now it is the time of night, ' ' ''' '? ' That the graves all gapinpf wido, ' Every one lets' forth his sprite, .„ ? ' In the church\vay.paihs to glided ' And-we fairies that'do run * By the. triple Hecate's team, .. .'. ?; , ' ; From the proVenoe of the siih, ? : ,, Followingdarkness like a dream,. ;....-.; Now are frolic ; not a mouse ? ; Shall disturb thishallowed houso ; I am sent with brooin before, ,- ,,, ? , : ,To sweep the dust behind the door. "Obe. Through tliis house give glimmering light, By the dead aiuldrowsy, lire. =.??-:. Every elf, and fairy. sprite, ' Hop as light as bird from brier ; v ? .... And this ditty after mo .. ?' 'i ; Sing, and dauce it trippingly.' ; By the by, one cannot but be struck with the resemblance, in the'spirit and colouring of these lines, , to those very similar ones iujtlie. Penseroso of Milton :- — ' ?' ' Fuv from allvesovt of niivth, Save the criekijt on the hearth, Or the bellman's drowsy charm,'. ,. ; To bless the doors from hig'itly .harm ;?'' While glowing embers, through theroom, Teadh light to counterfeit a gloom.', - ,1 have : often noticed how much the first writings of Milton resemble7 ;iu -h.eir;', imagery an;d. tone of. colouring those ^ of, Shakspeare,, particularly iii the phraseology and manner, of describing flowers. ,- I think, ; were ^'certain number of passages' frbm Lycidas aud,Comus interspersed with 'a; certain number from Mid summer Night's .-Dream, the imagery, ! tone1 of thought, and style of colouring, would i be found- so nearly identical, that it would . be dinicult for one not perfectly i'ainiliar to' dis- tinguish them. You may try it. . . 4»ha t Mi 1 ton . read and ,. admired-Shakspeare' is evident from his allusion to. him' in L' Allegro i Itis evident, however, that Milton's taste had been so formed by the Greek models, that he was not entirely aware of ; all that- was in Shakspeare ; he speaks, of him as a sweet, fanciful warbler, and it is exactly insweetnessi and fancifulness that . lie seems, to' hayc rjc. rived benefit from him. .'. Inhis -earlier. poems,: Milton seems, like Shakspeare, to' have let his mind run freely, as a brook warble's over maiiy colored pebbles; whereas in. his .; great poem he built after models.' Had lie'lciiowu as little. Latin aud Greek as Shaksp'earo, the world, in stead of seeing a well- arranged imitation of the ancient epics from his pen, would have' seen in augurated a new order of poetry! ;V ,. '; j . An unequalled artist, who should build after the model of a G-recian temple, would doubt less produce a splendid and effective building,' because a certain originality always inheres in genius, even -when copying ; but. far greater were it to invent an entirely new style of arch itecture, as- different as the Gothic from the Grecian. This merit was Shakspeare's.' He was a superb. Gothic poet ; Milton, a magnifi cent imitator of. old form's, which by his genius were wrought almost into the energy of new iM*rtrltir*f inVio , . ? ? . ' I- think Shaksiieare is to ': Milton ; pre 'cisely 'what ? Gothic architecture, is to Grecian, or rather to the warmest, most vital ized reproductions of the Grecian ; there isiu Milton a calm, severe majesty, a graceful and' polished inflorescence of ornament, that pro-' duces, as you look, upon it, a serene, long,' strong ground-swell- of admiration and ap' proval. ? Yet there.isa cold unity of expres siou, that calls into exercise, ouly, the very highest range, of our faculties: there is none of that wreathed involution of ? smiles : and tear3, of solemn earnestness and quaint con ccits ; those sudden uprushings'of g;rand arid magnificent sentiment, like the llame-pointod arches of cathedrals ; those ranges of fancy, half-goblin, half human; those complications those 'streamings of many-coloured light ; those carvings wherein every natural object.is faithfully reproduced, yet combined into a kind of enchantment: the union of all these is in Shakspeare, and not in Milton. Milton, had one most glorious phase of humanity in its perfec tion ; Shakspeare had all united ;? from the ' deep and' dreadful' sub-bass of the organ to the most aerial warbling of its highest key, not a stop or pipe was wanting. ; :- : } But, in fine, at the end of all this -we.went back to our hotel to dinner. After dinner we set out to. see the church.; Even 'Walter Scott has not a more poetic- monument than this church, standing as it does amid old, embowering trees, on the beautiful bariks- of the. Avnn . A Rnfh st.ill rn.in mna fnllmtv nn tha leaves of the linden trees, as we walked up the avenue to the church. Even rainy though it.was, I noticed that many little birds would would occasionally break out: into song. Iu the event of such a phenomenon as a bright day, I thinks there must be quite a jubilee of birds here,' even as he sung who lies 'below :— ' The niifel o-iolc, so black of hue, ~ ' ' With orange tawny bill, The throstle with his note so true, The. wren with little quill ; r, The- finch, the sparrow, and the lark, , -?'* The plain-song euckoo gray.' The church has been carefully restored in side, so that it is now in excellent preserva tion, and Shakspeare lies buried under a broad, flat stoae in the chancel. I had full often read,' and knew by heart , the inscription on this Btone ; but somehow, when I came and stood over it, aud read it, it affected me as if there were an emanation from the grave be neath. I have often wondered at that in scription, that a mind so sensitive, that had thought so much, aud expressed thoughtwith such startling power on all the mysteries of death, the grave, and the future world, should have found nothing else to inscribe on his' own grave but this : — ' Good Friend for Iesus SAKE forbaro . , To diGQ T-E Dust EneloAsed HEEa \ Bleso be T-E Man y spares T-Es Stones; ?? .'.'??????- m . ? And curst belle y moves my bones.'' ) ? :1 It seems that the ^ascription' has notbeen without its use, iu: averting what, the. sensitive ipoet most: dreaded ; for itis recorded in one of the books sold here, that some' years ago, in .digging a neighbpriug grave,a careless sexton broke into .the side of ' Shakspeare's tomb, and lbpkiiig in saw his bones, and could easily have carried away the' skull had he .not been de terred by the imprecation. ' ?' j There 'is,a 'monument in the sidej,of theiwall, which has a bust of Shakspeare upon it, said to be the most authentic 'likeness, and! sup posed to have' been taken by a, cast from 'his lace after. death. , This statement was made to. us by 'the ' 'guide who' showed- it, tand he stated that Chantrey.'liad: come to that conclusion by a minute- examination, of '.the;-iace^ He' took us into a room ?where was. an. exact plaster cast of the bust, on whicl\he pointed out various little minutiae on which this idea was founded. The two sides .of the face 'are: not alike ; 'there is a .tailing m and depression q\ the muscles: on one side, which docs -not exist on the other/' such as probably would never have occurred in a fancy bust, where the, effort always4s to render .the two sides of 'the.fiic'e'as muchialike as possible. ' ' There, is riiore .fulness about the lower part of the face ,than'is;consistent, with the theory iof ;an ? idealized bust, .but is per fectly consistent, with .the probabilities of ,the! time of life' at which he' 'died, aud.perhaps; with the effects of the disease:. of wlucbi he died.; i-:;i; . All this I set down as-iti*va.s related to me by our guide';' it' had a very plausible and pro bable sound, and I, was .,bent, :on believing,, which is a'greatriia'tt'eriiifaitliof; all kinds/ ?;;, It is something,; in. favour j of the j sup position that _ this . ; is --ari authentic', likeness, that it was erected in. his own native' town within seyen. years of his death, among, neonle. therefore, who must have ^reserved the recollection; of his personal appearanceT ?' After the manner of those tirriesit wasorigirially painted, the hair and beard of an auburn color,) the eyeshazel; and the. dress' was represented as consisting of a scarlet doublet; over which was a loose- black 'gown without sleeves'; all 'which looks like an, attempt to preserve ' an exact likeness. .The inscription, .upon it, also, seemed toshow that , there were some in the world by no means unaware of -who a_nd# what he was. ...Next', to , the .tomb:. of, ^Shakspeare iu the. chancel is ' b uried - his . favorite ?] ;daughtcr, p ver whom somebody, has: placed the following quaint inscription :— '-''Whitty aboveher sex, but that's not all, ' , Wise to salvation was good Mistress Hall. Something ' of Sh'aks'pearc was in that, but tliisu ;; 'Wholly-'of him, with whom sho is now in bliss ' ,t Then, -passenger, hasfne'or a teivrj i' ' ; To weep with her-that wept with all— _ r, ; ? ' ;: That .wept,-yet she hurselfio cheer' ' ?; ' ;' '? i ; '^ThQin up: with comforts cordial? ;?' - ! Her love shall live, her mercy spread, '- i-' V When thou hast ne'er a tear to shed.' ! ', -.This :, good Mistress Hall, it appears, was Shakspeare's favourite among his three children. His son, Hamet, died at twelve years of age. His daughter Judith, as appears from some curious document still extant, could not; write her -own name, bvit signed with her mark ; so that the 'wit' of the family must have ''.concentrated'' itself in Mistress Hall. . To her,', in .his' ,'last: will, which is still extant, Shakspeare,: bequeathed an : ' amount of houses, lands, ;plate,r jewels, and other,' valuableSj^sufn-' cien.t;!to constitute' quite a handsome estate^ It'-'wo'uld appear from tliis, 'that ;tlio;p|oet deemed: her not- only: 'f wise' unto ;salvatipn,' but. wise in; her day and --'generation, .thus; in trustingher' with the 'bulk' of hjs: worldly, goods. \- - His wife,1 Aim Hathaw'ay,' is b'uried near by,; under- the - same-: pavement. rFrom- the slight notice taken ' of. ; her in- 'the- poet's AvillJ it would appear that .there ;. Syas'. lifctlb love' \\--z-- tween them. He married her ^ when, lie, Kvas but eighteen;' rriost' likely she' was a .mere' rustic beauty, entirely incapable Either' r6f rappre-' ciatmg or adapting herself to' that wide; and' wonderf dl lriiiid in its full developm'eritV . ?- \ As to Mistress Hall,' though the. estate was carefully entailed, through her, to/ heirs male through all- generations, it '/.was riot her' good' fortune to becorhe the mother of a' long line/ for she had,' only- one daughteiy who became LMy Bernard, and in whom,:dying' childless, the family becameextinct. Shakspeare, like Scott, .seems to have had. the desire to.perpe ,tuate. himself by founding , a family' with an. , estate, and the coincidence' in the result is' striking. . Genius; must ;bei its own!'monu- m'ent. ? ?'' :: ; After wo had explored .ithe church, we went out to walk about the place. We crossed the beautiful ^bridge 'over the Avorij a'iicl thought how lovely, those 'fields . and meadows would look,'' if they only had sunshine' to set them out.. Then we went; to ':the:town liall,'. where we met:the mayor,: who had kindlyjcaned and offered to show us the place. It seems, / in ' 1 1 6S^; '] that- ' :-G-arrick set himself ; to work in .good: 'earnest to do honor to Shakspeare's menio'ry, _ by get ting up i i\ '?? . public /deriapnstra'tion 'at Stratford: and the, world) i through' the talents of this actor, having become alive and enthusi astic, liberal subscriptions were' made by the nobility and gentry, the town hall was hand somely repaired and' adorned; and a' statue'lof Shakspeare, presentedby Garri'ck, was placed in a niche at one. end. Then -'all the chief men and the mighty men 'of the. .nation came and testified their reverence for 'Ihe poet, by having, a general jubilee.; A- great: tent was spread on the banks of the Avon, where they inaue speecues auci ciruuii wine, ana wound up all with a great dance in the town hall,; and so the manes of Shakspeare , 'were .appeaseel, and his position settled for all generations. The room in the town-h'all is a very handsome one, and has .pictures of Garrick arid the other notables .who .figured on /that occa sion. After that- we were i-takeir-'to 'see New Place. ' And what is New Place ?' you say ; 'the house where Shakspeare lived?' Not exactly.; but a House built where -his house was. .. We went out into -what rwas Shakspeare's garden, where we.were shoym'his mulbeny ? 'adt the one that he planted though, but a veritable mulberry planted on the same spot ; when we went back to our hotel very tired, but having conscientiously performed every jot and tittle of, the duty of pilgrims. As we sat, in the drizzly evening, over our comfortable tea'lable, C ? ventured to in timate pretty decidedly that he considered the j whole thing a bore. ' What rooms will you have, gentlemen I' ! says the pretty chamber maid. 'Booms,' said Mr. S.; 'why, what are there to have ?" ' Well, there's Richard III;, and 'there's Hamlet,' says the girl. ' ' 0, ;Hamlet, by all means,', said -I; ' that was always my favorite. Can't sleep in Richard III., we should have' such bad dreams.' ? ' For my .part,' said 0- — -,'I want All's well that ends well.' ? X tniUK/; saiu. tue cnamum miuu, ub« tatiug, .' the bed in Hamlet isn't large enough 'for two.:' Richard. III. is a very nice room,. sir." / In fact; it became evideut .that we were foreordained /to' Richard ? so we 'resolved to embrace ' the , iioderu historical view of this subject^ -which will before long turn him out a ^saint, and- not be afraid of the muster roll of ghosts jvhich Shakspeare represented as in- festing his apartment. »? '-Well, for a wonder, the next morning rose a genuine sunny, oeautuui aay. ubi me ^« be recorded, that' such things do sometimes occur: eveivin England. 0— -1 was' mollified, and began to recant his ill-natured' heresies of .the- night' before, and went sb.far as-_to walk, out^pfrhis own; proper ,motiou, to Ann Hath- ? away's cottage- before breakfast — he being one of the brethren described by- Longfellow, .....'.'JWho-is ? gifted with most miraculous powers Of getting lip at all 'sorts of hours ; ' and therefore he/came in to breakfast- table w)tl£ .' |hat serenity^ iof' - virtuous composure whicn gerier ally .attends' those who; have beea out 'enjoying the beauties of-' nature While . their neighbours, have been ' ingloriously dozing. /,:/The^walk; he said,^vas -.beautiful;- the cot tage damp, musty ] and fusty;- and a ? supposi- tious old bedstead, -of the age of .Queen .Eliza- beth, 'which -had been obtruded, upon his 'ri'btice/because it might have belonged to Ann rHatb/away's .mother,- received a : special male diction. Tor my part, my, relic-hunting pro pensities 'were :not in the slightest degree ap peased, but, rather stimulatedj ? , by the investi .gatiPns of the day before. . :;.Jt seemed to me so singular that of such a -man there should not remain one accredited re lic ! Of Martin Luther, though he lived- much . earlier,; ho w.many things-, remain! Of almost anvi.distiuguished character how much more is known than of Shakspeare ! There is not, as far as I can discovei', an authentic relic of any thing belonging to liim; There are very. few anecdotes of his sayings or- doing'3 ; no letters, no private memoranda that should let U3into the secret of what: lie was personally .who has in turns personated all mind's. The very perfec tion, of. his dramatic talent has become an impe netrable ! veil :' we can/no more tell from his writings what were his predominant tastes and habits that we -can discriminate among : the va riety,, of melodies what are the native notes of the mocking bird. ' The only means left us for forming-'au 'opinion of. what he was personally, are^ inferences i of, the most delicate. nature from, the slightest premises. i'-Zriie' common idea which has pervaded the wbfld^bf a joyous, roving,' somewhat unsettled, aud dissipated character ; would seem,. from many well-authenticated facts, to be incorrect. 7 The gaieties and ?dissipations of his life seem to have been confined to. his very earliest clays- and to havd been' ' the .exuberance of a ; most extraordinary vitality, bursting -into existence with ? such force and viyacity that it'had- not time to collect itself- and so, come toself- kriowledge and controul. By - mauy accounts' it 'would appear that the charac ter the sustained -in trie last; years' of his life -was itUat .of. ? a-? j udLcioiis, common-sense sort of' man; a discreet, repiitab'lej'aiuV religious hpuseholuer-. ?? The''inscrip,tibn.:m^ is ^ypr'thy of re nia'rk, as'iucliciitirig the reputation he bore at the ; tim(i,i'AkJudioiov'Pi/Hum, genio Socratsm, arte MrtroHe;».-?; '(-In'jutlg'nient.a 'Nestor, in genius a S'ocratesyi'n^art' a' Yirgil.)' ''...' -Nestor, proverbiallyfamous for practical judg ment and virtue of life' ;l next-to Socrates, who was,a .kind of ,Greek combination of Dr. Paley and ?I)r'.'*Fra'riicliriV indicates a very different impres jjjon pf;;liim;. from what would generally be ex pressed of a poet, certainly what would riot have be'eir placed; on the grave of an eccentric, errai i :, will-p!-the-wisp. genius, however distinguished. Moreover,_th'e pious author of - good Mistress Hall's epitaphxecords the fact of her being ' wise '.blance:tp her father than even her being '' witty above her sex,'' and expresses most confident hope of her being with him' in bliss. The Puritan tone of the epitaph, as well as the quality.of the verse, gives i-easbirto suppose th it it was not ?written by one who was seduced iutoajtomb stone lie.byany. superfluity of iDoeticrSviripathy, ' 1 The' last, will .of Shakspeare, written by his own hand and still;; preserved, shows several things of the man. ,, The introduction ,is as-fbllows :— - *.... ''In- the name of God.' 'Ameii. I, William csnaiispeare, -at strattorcl-upon-Ayon,- in the county -of' AVarwick,; gehtlemenj in perfect health and .memory,, God ;:be praised, do mjvke and ordain ; this: my last will and testament in manner and1 form1' following ;; ; thatfis to say,— ;,'! commend;, .riiy^spul' into.: the .hands of God my Creator, hoping, and assuredly be lieving, throughthe only merits of Jesus Christ;,7 my Saviour, to be'/riiade partaker of life ever-' lasting; and; my body- to the.' earth, whereof ''* it is made." \-- The wiirthen goes, on to dispose of 'an amount .of- houses,., lands, plate, money; jewels, &c;, which : showedt, certainly that the poet had pos sessed some woi-dly skill and thrift in, accumula tion,1;' and to divide them with a care' arid- -accu- racy which would indicate that he was by no means of that dreamy and uupracticable hahit of mind which cares not what ' becomes of worldly goods. We may also'infer something of a man's cha racter from. the. tone- and sentiments iof others towards him. Glass of a certain colour casts on surrounding objects.a reflection 'of its own hue* ?and so the tint. of a man's character returns upon us in the habitual manner in which he is spoken of by those mound him. The common mode of speaking of Shakspeare always savoured of endearment. "Gentle Will" is an expression that seemed oftenest repeated. Ben Johnson: in scribed- his funeral verses, ' To ths Memory of my beloved Mr. William Shakspeare ;' he calls hmi the 'sweet swan , of. A von.'v Again, inhis lines under a bust of Shakspeare j he':saya — 'The figure that-thou'secst put, r. It was for,,gentle Shakspeare out.' In later, timed Milton, whb could have known him only by 'tradition, cdls him. 'niy Shak- ' ? speare,' ' dear son of .memory,' and ' sweetest Shakspeare.' Now, nobody e.ver wrote of s\yeet; '? John^ Milton^ or gentle Johrf Miltoa, or ^gentle-'*1''.,; Martin Luth§-, or even sw^et Ben Johnson. To be continued. 