töntiat) îSitract». Florence: Nightingale. France has had her Joan of Arc, and Spain her Maid of Sara- gosse, and at last England has a heroine of whom she may well be proud. When history shall permanently record the dreadful story of our winter campaign in the Crimea, with a loss of 15,000 heroic soldiers, and shall shower blame like rain of sulphur on the various departments of mismanagement then receiving their damning due, the name of Florence Nightingale will shine forth like a star of blessing on the graves of the stricken and starved host, which the reader's thoughts will be led to contemplate; and it will save us, in the opinion of posterity, that this angelic woman belonged to a nation who seemed, at the time, to be blasted with inefficiency. Day after day, as the Committee of Inquiry pursue their harrowing investigation of the causes of so much death and suffering, the only satisfactory feature in the whole picture produced, is the quiet skilful labour of this estimable woman. The transport service has failed in the delivery of stores ; the medical service has failed in all the exigencies of hospi- tal work ; the commissariat service has failed in applying for right food, and in administering such as came to hand ; the office of surveyor has failed to lift out of rags and filth the thousands who required that assistance; and there has never been a galvanic touch from head quarters to startle into life and activity these effete and blundering agencies. It has been the universal plea of all the responsible officials that one wheel in the system impeded the working of the next and a frightful dead lock has ensued, in which thousands of valuable lives have been barbarously sacrificed. And whilst all this was going on, men of humanefeelinus, if on nerves, and resolute will have looked on and helped where they could, and come back to report the scenes which made them all to contemplate. A glance was sufficient, or a short participation in the work of relief, and then the feelings and health of the strongest amateurs have sank under the trial, and they have returned, and tell us what they saw their united testimony bearing witness to the fact that the voluntary services of Florence Nightingale were the one redeeming circumstances in a chaos of stupidity and guilt. And how speaks the soldier of her, when he has escaped from the pest house at Scutari, with just a flicker of life in him, and recounts at home the story of his sufferings ? He will probably tell you that her ministrations saved him or he will record here last kind offices to a dead comrade, who thanked her with his closing eyes; or he will weep, like a child, as he leans on his crutches, unable to express the gratitude of his full heart. Without detracting from the motives which have led others to make active exertions, or endure passive toil, influenced and aided by the vow, whether of religious or military obligation, we have no hesitation in saying that the voluntary duties Miss Nightingale has undertaken, her steady adherence to them, her good judgment in executing them, and the example of self-denial and devotion she has set to both sexes and all ranks, entitle her to a higher reward than even the prerogative of majesty could bestow, and she will ever be esteemed amongst the greatest and best of the worthies of the age in which it has been her lot to live.- Era, April 1. Escape of Three Russian Prisoners - Lewes, Wednesday afternoon. This morning, while Lieutenant Mann, the Governor of the War Prison, was out on the South Downs with about 200 of the prisoners, three of those left in the prison effected their escape. As they had contrived to procure plain clothes, they walked through the town to the railway station, and were taken for Germans by the townspeople. Whether they intended starting by train or not is unknown, but the 1250 train for London and Brighton had just left. They then walked leisurely up towards High-street, when the guard who were in pursuit caught sight of them. Finding they were pursued, they started off up High-street at full speed, followed by the guard, a mob of people, and Mr. Smith, a butcher, on horseback. As he rapidly gained on them they turned up Fisher-street, and into the stable yard of the White Hart Hotel, where they secreted themselves. One of them was captured in a store, a second had bolted into the kitchen, and the third could not be found, but he was shortly afterwards discovered secreted beneath some bushes in the castle grounds, on the outskirts of the town, and was conveyed back to the War Prisoners, April 1. Reported Confession of Elizabeth Law. It was currently rumoured on the day of the trial of Elizabeth Avis Law, for the murder of Mrs. Bacon, that the prisoner had made a confession of her guilt. The rumour is that the prisoner Law made a statement to the effect that on the night before the murder she quitted the house, as she had previously been accustomed to do, after her mistress had gone to bed, and did not return till morning: when she came back intoxicated. Mrs. Bacon rose at her usual time, and, going into the cellar, where her depraved servant was chopping wood, gave her to understand that her disgraceful conduct and character had been discovered. Elizabeth Law, exasperated at detection and infuriated by drink, struck down the infirm old lady with the hatchet in her band and believing afterwards that she had killed her, dragged the body up stairs, placed it on the bed in Mrs. Bacon's room, and proceeded to strip her and wash her face. During the latter process her mutilated this press gave tokens of returning life, when the young tigress sought and obtained a piece of iron, with which she beat the poor old lady about the head till life was extinct. She subsequently, on hearing a knock at the door, which was several times repeated, became alarmed at the position in which she had placed herself, and cut her throat in the hope of thus escaping the ultimate public consequences. This report, it will be seen, is perfectly consistent with the evidence given at the trial, and accounts for the number of wounds found on the head of the deceased when examined by the surgeon, while it is in part confirmed by the known habits of the girl Law, and t i ves an intelligible reason for the confused state of mind under which she acted while preparing to plunder the house, and afterwards when she attempted to commit suicide.- Era, April 1. A Tailor's Misfit. Thomas Bibby, a tailor, residing in Danks-street, Liverpool, appeared before the magistrates, on Wednesday, to answer the complaint of Mr. Thomas Newman, telegraphic engineer, of Gill-street, who stated that he bought a piece of cloth, and took it to Bibby, who measured him for a pair of inex- pressible, and made them accordingly. When he took them home his customer tried them on, and said they were such a dreadful fit he couldn't wear them. The tailor took them back to alter; and, thinking they might fit his "uncle" if they would not fit the engineer, he pawned them for 8s. The trousers were produced in court, when the magistrates hesitated sending the tailor to prison, and requested Mr. Newman to try them on. Accordingly the nether garment was put on, when they appeared rather short in the legs. " Let your braces down," said the magistrate. " If I do, they hang like bags behind," said Newman. '* Let the tailor take them in a reef, and lengthen them," said his worship. " But they'll never fit, neither top nor bottom," said Newman. " I'll make them fit like a glove, the tailor observed. " Then do so this afternoon, said the magistrate and the parties retired for the purpose of settling their difference by a good fit, and ready money for the tailor's job. A Ghost in Love A farmer, who had lately become a widower, was aroused at midnight by the barking of his dog. On going to it the animal displayed extreme terror, whereupon the farmer took his gun and proceeded to an inspection. All at once be saw a phantom, clothed in a white sheet, rise behind the hedge. The farmer turned deadly pale, and his limbs shook with dismay. He, however, contrived to ejacu- late, " If you come from God, speak ; if from the devil, vanish !.' is Wretch," exclaimed the phantom. " I am your deceased wife, come from the grave to warn you not to marry Maria A-?, to whom you are making love. The only woman to succeed me is Henrietta B--. Marry her or persecution and eternal torment shall be your doom." This strange address from the goblin, instead of dismay in the farmer, restored his courage. He accordingly rushed to the ghostly visitor, and, stripping off its sheet, discovered the fair Henrietta B-herself, looking extremely foolish It is said that the farmer, admiring the girl's trick, has had the banns published for his marriage with her. Gateshead paper. Naval Forces of Great Britain The British fleet at the present moment in commission counts 271 ships of all classes and sizes, from the Duke of Wellington, 131, screw three decker, to the port admiral's cutter. Our ships mount 6370 guns, and are manned with about 62,000 officers, seamen, boys, and marines. English Paper. The Robe and the Mistletoe young botanist asserts it as his conviction that plants have a decided influence upon the actions of mankind in general, and of womankind, perhaps, in particular. In illustration of this axiom, he adduces the fact, that many a young lady who would shrink, with maiden modesty, from being kissed under the mistletoe, has not ! the slightest objection to that ceremony if it be performed under the rose. Light Infantry. The itinerant vendors of lucifer relatives, Lord Dundonald and the Emperor of the French. Sir, I, as a faithful subject of her Majesty, and for the interests of humanity, now declare my intention, without further delay, to communicate to the wise and energetic ally of her most gracious Majesty, the means not only to spare the remnant of the British army, but to insure that of France, by the speedy destruction of the defences of Sebastopol. As to the fortresses in the Baltic, time does not press. I have offered to annihi- late them-the reception or rejection of which offer rests with her Majesty's Government. I am, c, Dundonald News of the World, April 1. Hard Times,-" I'll tell you what, sir," said a tenant to his landlord, " if you don't lower my rent I shall not be able to live at all."-" I'll tell you what," retorted the landlord, " it can't be the rent that prevents your living, for you have not paid me a farthing these two years." Truisms. Borrowed garments seldom fit well. Haste very often trips up its own heels. Men often blush to hear what they are not ashamed to act. Pride is a flower that grows in the devil's gardens. More are drowned in the wine cup than in the ocean He who buys too many superfluities may be obliged to sell his necessaries A man that boards riches and enjoys them not, is like an ass that carries gold and eats thistles. Latest from America. There is a boy at Vermont who can turn round so quickly that the hard parts of his dress are on both sides of him at the same time. A Questioner debating society away down East is debating the following important question If a man builds a corn crib, does that give him a right to crib corn ? A Plain Answer. " Whose pigs are these, my lad ?"- " Whey, they belong to that big sow there."-" No ; I mean who is their master ?"-" "Whoy," again answered the lad, " that little 'fun there he's a rare 'up to fight." What a Woman should be Alphabetically A woman should be Amiable, Benevolent, Charitable, Domestic, Economical, Forgiving, Generous, Honest, industrious, Ju- dicious, Kind, Loving, Modest, Neat, Obedient, Pleasant, Quiet, Reflecting, Sober, Tender, Urbane, Virtuous, Wise, Exemplary, Yarding, and Zealous. A Material Guarantee Being measured for a coat, and finding your own cloth. A Table of Contents. The dinner table. Coincidence of Fatality. - There were some striking coincidences in the circumstances attending the deaths of Lord and Lady Bless sington In May, 1829, Lord Blessington returned to Paris from England, purposing to fix his abode there for some months at least and on the 23rd of the same month, a few weeks after his arrival, without previous warning or indisposition, " appearing to be in good health, he was suddenly attacked by apoplexy while riding in the Champs Elysee, and died the same day, in a state of insensibility. Twenty years from that date Lady Blessington arrived in Paris from London, purposing to fix her abode there; and, on the 4th of June, having made all suitable preparations for a long residence in Paris, and after a sojourn there of about five weeks, without previous warning or indisposi- tion, she was suddenly attacked by an apoplectic malady, complicated with disease of the heart, and was carried off' suddenly, at her abode adjoining the Champs Elysee, being quite unconscious during the brief period of the struggle of the fatal issue that was about to take place ? Madden's Memoirs and Correspondence of the Countess of Blessington. Horrible Discovery A party of ten individuals, who were moving from Southern indiana to Northern Illinois, recently perished in the snow. A man passing over the prairie came upon the carcases of two oxen, from which the viscera had been removed, lying upon the ground. inside of one of them were the frozen bones of four' children, and in the other the frozen corpse of the mother, with a nursing infant at her breast. Under the snow was a heap of ashes, in which the irons of the waggons showed that the party had broken them up, and burned everything they had in them, in the effort to save their lives. Not far from this spot was found the body of the other woman of the party, partly concealed in a snow drift, and near her one of the men. There was nothing about the persons to indicate who they were. Sir William Burnett, K.H. after serving 35 years as chief of the naval medical department, has placed his resignation in the hands of government. Sir William's successor has not yet been named, but rumour mentions Sir John Liddell, Dr. Bryson, and others. Morning Herald. It is remarkable to look into a tent early before the inmates have begun to stir, just to see the men wrapped up in hairy buffalo hides or sheepskin coats with their hairy caps on as nightcaps and should you, perchance, call one by name, it is very often with difficulty you can catch a glimpse at his features for the wool, hair, or blankets in which he is enveloped. A Dilemma In the capture of Constantine in Algeria, a French sub-lieutenant, who fought by the side of General Damremont, was returned as killed, and a certificate of his death was sent to his widow, who resided at Nantes. Two years after she married a wood engraver, and went to reside with him at Turin. Some months ago she had occasion to take up her residence at Lyons, on business. After a stay of two months in that city, she was astonished at receiving a letter from her second husband, announcing that the first had appeared to claim her. She hastened back, and found at Turin the ex- lieutenant. It was determined after discussion between the parties that the tribunals should be appealed to to decide whose wife she really is and until judgment shall be given the ex-lieutenant was invited to take up his residence in the house of the engraver The woman and her two hus- bands have since continued to live together on the very best terms. Leeds Advertiser, 2nd April. The Dead Allie -A female called a few days since on a lady of Borne influence in Brooklyn, and told a sad and plaintive story of suffering and privation, and moreover that her husband had just died, and that she lacked the means of a decent burial. Her tale of was so wrought upon the lady that she proceeded to visit her immediately, to satisfy herself there was no imposture. On entering the apartment she beheld the coffin, and was satisfied all was right, and not wishing to harrow the feelings of the bereaved woman, she left a considerable sum of money, and immediately departed. After passing two or three blocks from the dwelling, thinking all the way of the strange complexions to which we are liable, she missed her pocket handkerchief, and returned to see if she had not dropped it in the house. The stairs were ascended hastily and the room entered without much ceremony, when what did she behold, the woman's husband sitting up in the coffin count- ing over the money New York paper. A verdict of " wilful murder" has been brought by a coroner's jury against a female pauper in Newington Workhouse, London, for starving her illegitimate infant to death. She refused to suckle the infant, or to attend to it in any way, and used to heat it with violence. She frequently expressed a wish that the "little devil was dead." A young woman, named Mary Ann Bryant, has been before the magistrates at Bristol charged with attempting to murder her illegitimate female child, aged six and a half years. She tied a heavy stone round its waist, and threw it into the water. Fortunately the child managed to get hold of some boards, and her cries being heard she was rescued. The prisoner acknowledged her guilt. She was a married woman, but had had the child previously by another man, unknown to her husband. The people of Huddersfield have been foolishly alarmed for some days at the reported presence of a ghost in a house at Seed Hill, which made a great disturbance. The occupant even consulted a clairvoyant. It turns out that the supposed ghost was a young Irish servant, who, it appears, has considerably damaged the doors and windows, and some of the furniture, in her successful endeavours to impose on ignorant per- sons.- Liverpool Albion, April 2 "What is that dog barking at?" askedfa fop, whose shoes were more polished than his mind. " Why, because he sees another puppy in your boots." said a" bystander, . 