BRITISH AND FOREIGN GLEANINGS. Wanted, a General.—It is said that General Simpson's health will not permit him to remain at a post where so much that tries severely both his moral and physical energy has to be gone through. If this is true, tne question naturally arises who will be the new leader of the British troops in the allied camp ? One version of the report lias it that General Simpson's resignation has been some days in Lord Panmure's hands. M e can well imagine how puzzled the noble lord must be to choose —not from among so many, hut from amongst so few men fit for the situation—a Commander in-Chief of the Crimean Army. Neither at home nor with the army does there appear to be anv general officer who lias distinguished liimse'.f sufficiently to be at once pointed out as a proper person for the past. At the head of the Q. urtcrmaster-G- eneriL's Department in the Crime t is Major-General Aircy; but, according to . 11 accounts, the less that is said regarding the management of that particular depa •trnciit the better. In other respects, Gene oil Airey lias not shown himself to be porsessel of those goes—.vintner natural or acquired—whi.li are wanted in a military chief on active service. Cn- Colin Campbell, commanding the 1st Division, has shown himself to be a brave man, and an intrepid, fearless soldier; but mere bravery and courage will not stand in the place of those other qualities in dispensable in one who has to command an army of many thousaud men. Against Sir Riehard E aglaninothing can be said, b ecause since he landed in tlie Crimea Ills name has scarcely ever been mentioned in connection with the brave division he com mands. But his antecedents in India would h irdly point Iiini out as a fit leader for our arm, in the Crimea. General Pennefatlierhid formerly the aivantige of being a lieutenant of the great Sir Charles Napier in Scinde; but when we have said that, and remarked that he is as brave as the swori he wears, it is all that can be said fo- this officer. Sir George Brown is c rtainly not the man for the vacancy. His hvrt as a soldier is no doubt in the right place, but head as well as hcirt is wanted to make a eommmder for a large force. With this officer ends the list of Lieutenant-Generals now in the Crimea, or indeed available in anyway for active service. Did Sir De Lacy Evans's health permit liim, he would no doubt he the man selected by the Horse Guards to command the army in which he played so prominent a pirt not long ago. But no one can either command heal ill or stay advancing years; and the climate of the Crimea requires vigourof body as well as strength of mind. Among.-t the Major-Generals with the army, Coirmgton, Buller, and Eyre have E'guilize'd themselves aslead.rs of brigades; •y different but to obey and issue ordersaretwoveryd affairs, and an officer may succeed very well in t ie former, and be a bid hand at the latter. Private letters from the seat of war agree in praising these three leaders as men who have en ?rgy and determination; and they arc young for tlie rank they hold. Recent extracts from rhe general orders of the camp announce that Major-General Markham, an officer who has greatly d'slmgnished himself in India, is daily expected at Sebastopol from that country; and with this officer and Lord Melville, now com manding the troops in Scotland, we exhaust the list of general officers of all ranks among whom it appears to be open to Ministers to choose. Such a state of affairs is not verv creditable to our military system; but the country and lament have them Parliament have themselves to thank for being left at a moment like the present without a fit man to put at the head of affairs in the Crimea. Nevertheless, a choice, good or bad, must be 311 ide, and that without delay. Lord Paumurc c timet advertise for a general officer as he would for a foofauau, nor would it do to placard the walls of Westminster and Whitehall with an nouncements resembling those wliieh offer every possible imaginary advantage to " a few spirited young men," who feel inclined to join such and such regiments of the line. The b hench: Auxir.—lue Kreuz ZeXivag goes into figures to show that Prussia need not few a French demonstration on the Rhine; thus, France has 101 infantry regiments, of these 41 hare been sent to the East, two are at Seme, 12 at least must be in Africa, so that only 40 can remain in Franee. At least 10 regiments are wanted for Paris and other popu lous towns, leaving but 36 infantry regiments, or 108 battalions, free for other service. These, united with a due proportion of troops of other arms, would furnish an army of at most 120,000 men, decidedly too few, the Kreuz Zsitung ■ links, to extinguish Prussia. A recent rein forcement of the garrison of Strosburg, and some remarks thereon in a Belgian newspaper, have called forth this display of German mili tary logic. Leitch's Breech-loading Carbine and Rifle.—Among the numerous breech-loaders which have recently been brought before the notice of the public and of the military authorities , this one is entitled to a prominent place. The mechanical arrangement is exceedingly simple and effective—so much so that it has been already very favourably reported on by those most competent to judge of its merits. We have carefully examined a carbine and rifle on Leitch's patent, and have no hesitation in pronouncing them to be an immense improve ment upon the arms at present used both by the infantry and cavalry. It cannot be considered satisfactory that the English soldier, whether mounted or on foot, should still be obliged to load at the muzzle, for the stage of progress which has been reached justifies us iu regarding that process as a mechanical barbar ism. But unfortunately several important con siderations interfere to prevent the speedy adoption of an improvement so obvious. Of these the chief is the little attention which has been paid to the training of our soldiers in the proper use of firearms—an omission which has been so utterly lost sight of that if we now had the most perfect breech-loaders that could be invented great and justifiable hesitation would be felt in entrusting them to the men, from the almost certainty that they would fire away their ammunition too rapidly. Such obstacles to the use of a superior arm are not, of course, insuperable, and when they have been removed Leitche's patent will run a fair chance with others of a similar kind which have been submitted for approval. The principle is that of making the loading chamber, or breech, open sideways upon a hinge. A spring catch secures it, when closed, in the line of the barrel, and its firmness in that position is further ingeniously guaranteed by a small bolt projected with the fall of the doghead. There can be no escape backwards from the base of the breech, which is the objection to several other patents of the kind, and in this respect it resembles the Colt's revolvers, but there is and must be an escape from the end at which the loading is effected, nor does there appear to be any arrangement for ramming home the charge—a point of some importance, and which is so admirably obtained in the Colt and Tranter pistols by their lever ramrods. To obviate this disadvantage the breech chamber is made larger than the barrel, but that, again, will necessarily cause a corresponding loss of power in projecting the ball from the one to the other. Leitch's patent seems well adapted for the use of cavalry, the inconvenience of loading at the muzzle being excessive in that arm of the service. His carbine is said to have an effective range of from 200 to 300 yards, and in the arrangements of the stock and otherwise much ingenuity has been exercised. It may be doubted, however, whether Colt's revolver is not, after all, the best weapon with which a body of horsemen could be furnished, and we must express our surprise that it has not long ago been supplied to that arm of the service. Had the Light Brigade been so equipped, even the desperate valour of their famous Balaklava charge might have been justified by a triumphant result, Of course we do not venture to set the breech-loader now described above that of Sharpe and other inventors in merit. Mr. Whitworth has patented one with a double chamber and a reciprocating action, which, while resembling Leitch's to a certain extent, would give a second shot. But this invention may fairly be quoted as an additional proof, if such is wanted, that the impulse which the war has given to the ingenuity of our mechanics has already placed at the command of our military authorities weapons of a kind which would, with their own bravery, give our troops a decisive and easy superiority over any foe that could he brought against them in the field. That is all that civilians can be expected to do. If the army has not the benefit of such improvements, the responsibility will rest heavily with its chiefs.—Times. Kew Wah Projectile.—A remarkable series of experiments liave been made in the grounds adjoining Chelsea Hospital, by Captain IJisney, the inventor of a new war projectile, which he states has been brought before the notice of the proper autlioril-c-, but does not yet appear to have been adopted in the service. J ue invention is one of a very simple descrip tion, and there seems to be no good reason why ir should not be used with great advantage ia the pre a mi contest in which we are now engaged with Russia. It consists in fitting shells with n bursting charge of powder contained in a metal cylinder, and filling the rest of their space with a highly-combustible fluid, which, upon exposure to the air, ignites everything with which it is brought into contact. This fluid does not act upon the substance of the shell, is not in itself explosive, and, being prevented from leaking by a nicely-fitted brass screw- plug, enables the missile to be carried about without much risk. Directed against ships or houses, i or masses of troops, the now projectile would hare all the destructive properties of the roeket, without its uncertainty of aim. Water only temporarily extinguishes its incandescent power, which is so great as to make even woollen materials burn with a quick flame. Captain Disney also states that, by a similar use of another chemical fluid, he can cause blindness for several hoars to all troops coming within a quarter of a mile of its operation ; but tliis portion of his experiments was, for obvious reasons, omitted. Applied to hand-grenades, the substance which he exhibited would be found very destructive; but its chief use would probably be as a charge for large shells. As the Select Committee of the Ord nance has now been reformed and enlarged, the attention which it pays to this and other inven tion 3 of apparently a practical character will be narrowly watched by the public. Ploughing Match of all Nations.—The Jury of the French Universal Exhibition wit nessed at Trappes, a small village a few leagues f-otu Versailles, the trial of the several ploughs exhibited at the Palais de l'lndustric, iu order to form a correct opinion of the peculiar qua lities of each, previous to awarding the prizes. On the farm of M. Dailly were placed the ploughs of England, France, Belgium, Canada, and other countries; and a severe trial of the werkiug powers of a selected portion of each took place, the superiority being considered in favour of England. The scene was novel and exciting, and in spite of the heat of the day, which was excessive, the interest throughout the entire course of trial was fully sustained. The peasantry were astonished when the plough of Messrs. Howard, of Bedford, which the Jury selected to show the excellence of English implements, began to throw up its furrow ; and not only they, but even the persons tolerably acquainted with the highest condition of agricultural excellence. The facility of shifting the wheels, the coulter, and the draft direetor, and the care with which it turned over the earth, were much admired. After the plough of Messrs. Howard had made several courses, with two horses and with one, first against the Grignon plough, and then against a Belgian one, which had been specially selected for the purpose, one of the Messrs Kausome's followed, and its work was also remarkable. The difference between the plough of Mr. Busby and that of Mr. Ball, two excellent manufacturers, was scarcely dis cernible, while that of Canada, which is simply an adaptation of the well- known Scotch plough, although it did its work remarkably well, was scarcely considered equal to the English ploughs, especially for the liighest class of cultivation. The Saxony plough was the heaviest in draft, as tried by the dynamometer. The Dietf Thavies.—Professor Faraday thus writes to the Times on the filthy condi tion of the nastiest of rivers, the Thames :— "I traversed this day (July 7) by steamboat the space between London and Hungerford Bridges, between half-past 1 and 2 o'clock ; it was low water, and I think the tide must hare been near the turn. The appearance and the smell of the water forced themselves at onoe on luv attention. The whole of the river was an opaque pale brown fluid. In order to test the degree of opacity, I tore up 6ome white cards into pieces, moistened them so as to make them sink easily below the surface, and then dropped some of these pieces into the water at every pier the boat come to; before they had sunk an inch below the surface they were indistin guishable, though the sun shone brightly at the time; and when the pieces fell edgeways the lower part was hidden from sight before the upper part was under water. This happened at St.Paul's AVJiarfi Blackfriar's Bridge, Temple "Wharf, SouthwarkBridge,andHungerford; and I have no doubt would hare occurred further up and down the river. Near the bridges the feculence rolled up in clouds so dense that they were visible at the surface, even ill water of this kind. The smell was very bad and common to the whole of the water; it was the same as that which now comes up from the gullyholes in the streets; t he whole river was for the time a real sewer. If there be sufficient authority to remove a putrescent pond from the neighbour hood of a lew simple dwellings, surely the river which flows for so many miles through London ought not to be allowed to become a fermenting sewer." The Post-Office and the Press.—The new law is fulfilling our worst anticipations. The scheme is so complicated that the public and the Post-Office are bewildered. Papers are posted with no stamp visible, and the question then arises—are they to be taxed as stamped newspapers with the stamp folded inwards, or as papers bearing no stamp at all ? The papers must be opened to discover the fact. If the former be tiie case, a penny is to be charged: if the latter, the paper is liable to the ordinary postal charge in such circumstances—that is, to double the rate of book postage. Then again, a newspaper taken from the unstamped portion of the impression of a stamped news paper is posted for foreigu or colonial coun tries, with a penny postage label attached, and it cannot be dispatched because the sheet should be stamped also. In a variety of in stances the plan is working vexatiously—is, in fact, a great nuisance: and Government, or we are much mistaken, will be driven to the adop tion of some more uniform scheme—such as substituting a halfpenny postage stamp on all printed matter under a certain weight. To throw so burdensome an amount of newspaper examination and obliteration on poor post masters, as is now done, is intolerable.— | G-ateshead Observer.—[All this annoyance would be avoidable by the adojit ion of the simple means of a stamped envelope; but this would be too simple for the roundabout Go vernment.—Lloyd's Weekly Newspaper.~\ Electro-Telegraphic Progress.—The Atlantic telegraph is no longer a merely talked ofproject: allliauglinotyet realized,aEuropeau company, of which Mr. Brett is a prominent number, is said to have now actually entered j into contracts far the completion of the work by 22nd January, 185S. The length of the wires from Ireland to Newfoundland will be some 1,730 miles: they will lie on the sandr plain which the soundings of the United States Government have shown to stretch from land | to land f)r the whole distance, with the excep tion of 200 miles next to the Irish coast, where ' the bottom becomes irregular and the water deeper. The actual distance is about 1,000 miles only, but it will be necessary to make a detour with the wires, in order to carry them round the banks, where icebergs often ground, j and where the cable might be broken by their weight and frielion. The cable is to contain six wires, eight tons to the mile. Messrs. W. ICuper & Co.,of London, are the manufacturers. They meau to splice the ends of the portions carried to the spot in different steamers. An American Company proposes to form the en tire American portion of the telegraph from St. John's, Newfoundland, to New York. This part of the line will be 1,200 miles in length. 71 miles of which will be under the Gulf of St. Lawrence, and the cost of the whole is esti mated at a million and a half of dollars. The wires across Newfoundland will make 400 miles of the line, running through a country hitherto unoccupied and unknown. In the cutting of the path and other preparatory labours the Company have had 600 men em ployed during the past year, in that island alone. The cable to go under the Gulf of St. Lawrence has been made in tliis country. It contains three electric wires only, it being con- j template! to lay down another of same size, when the European wires have been taken across, and the business between New York and London requires it.—Builder. Egyptian Discoveries. — Mr. John B. Greene, son of an American banker, lias suc- ceeded, notwithstanding the difficulties atten- dant on clearing away the palace of Medinet Habora, in discovering the celebrated Egyptian calendar of which Champollion could only copy the first lines. A cast of tliis monument was taken on the spot by means of a particular kiud of composition, photography not repro- ducing it properly. Different colossal figures, the upper part of which were only visible, have been now cleared away and brought to light; one of them, in excellent preservation, shows the features of Ramses III., and is about nine- teen metres high. Mr. Greene, in clearing round this colossus, was able to discover and take drawings of the inscriptions of the pylone or grand portal erected between the two courts; and he has also proved the existence of a pave- ment in granite which probably covered the whole court, and above which rose a passage which appears to have led into a second court. The excavations of Mr. Greene, which have just completely made known one of the most important edifices of Pharaonic Egypt, will, by the numerous inscriptions which they furnish, throw fresh light on different points of Egyptian philology. A very important distorcry has just been made by a M. Petit, of Lyons, of a means of I impregnating silk by a chemical process with | gold, silver, brass, or iron so that it can be woven with perfect flexibility, and thus form, as it were, stuffs of those metals. The in vention has been secured by patent, and will | be worked by a company of capitalists. Per mission has been given to place a specimen ia : the Universal Exhibition. The project of Mr. Thomas Wilson for a j canal from the Black Sea to the Danube is j stated to have the support of all the Powers interested, and to promise an early realization. PaosPECrs op Russia.—The rerenueof Rus sia in the List year of peace (IS33) amounted, according to the assertion of M. Tengoborski, to £37,331,630 only, and there is good reason to suppose that this is an over-statement. Her expenses in 1831 reached £18,000,000, and for tile present year the least sum at which they cm be estimated is £'36,000,000. This, it must be remembered, is irrespective of the taxa tion which the conscription imposes, as we have remarked above, upon tbe capital of the landlord and the wages of the poor; it is also independent of the forced levies of men and means of transport subsidiary to the move ments of the army. Her foreign trade is ex tinct, except that small portion which may be carried orerland; foreign capital, upon winch the cultivation of her soil depends, no longer enters the country; the precious metals have disappeared, nnd paper alone is to be found throughout the empire; the reserves of the army have been swallowed up in replacing the losses sustained in the last two years; 'the troubles in the Urkaine still continue; the burdens and privations of the war having surpased the limit of even Muscovite endurance, every soldier who now falls is replaced with difficulty ; and, as Mr. Seymour truely says, it is liardly possible for Russia to carry on the war for another six months, unless by our fault. —Timca Sin Cham.es Kaiteti and Loud Dcx doxat.d.—Sir Charles Napier having received on invitation to attend a meeting, to be held in Edinburgh, in lavour of Lord Dundonald's plans, has sent a letter, in which he says, " I fear it is quite useless attempting to move the G-overnmeut to do anytliing useful in the Baltic. So far back as last June, I gave Sir James Graham a plan of attacking Swcaborg with success, and in July I also sent him a plan of attacking Cronstadt; and I believe lie was also in possession of Lord Dundonald's plan at the same time. No attention wa3 paid to his lordship that I know of; and the only atten tion paid to mine was acknowledging it as a clear and able report. Relative to Lord Dun donald's plans, liis lordship ha3 done all he could to induce the Government to adopt them. He communicated his secret to me, and I have done all I can with the different niem bera of the Government iu vain to induce them to carry them out. I think it is now too late to get things ready this season. Uncertain weather will soon commence in the Gulf of Finland, and the operation is of too great im portance to be undertaken without ample time to carry it into execution." Is Poland to Strike a Blow?—General Count Zamoyski arrived in Loudon on Monday morning. We understand that his visit is the result of a special invitation from the British Government. The Count's talents and abilities, and his practical knowledge of military and diplomatic affairs, are well known ; and as he comes direct from the East, ho will be able to give important information respecting the real state of matters in that quarter. It is evident that Count Zamoyski can only have been in vited to England at the present crisis, with a view to enable Government to arrive at some final decision on flic Polish question. We have had occasion to notice ere now that the opinion of the continental liberals who are most con versant in the affairs of the Poles and of the countries bordering on Poland is, that the present moment is auspicious for striking a blow at Russia in that quarter. The nucleus of a Polish legion already exist s in the so-called Turkish Cossacks, who are almost exclusively Poles, wearing a Polish uniform and carrying Polish ensigns. If there is any meaning in the expression used by Sir William Molesworth at tbe Southwark nomination—to the effect that it is the purpose of the British Government to " strike a body blow" at Russia—we may war rantably infer that Count Zamoyski's arrival in this country will be the prelude to some deci sive movement.—Daily News. Austrian Italy.—The condition of Aus trian Italy is at present somewhat ominous of | approaching disturbances. The army is to be increased by 40,000 men; and the Turin cor respondent of the Times says that he hears 011 good authority that it is in contemplation to set up for sale by public auction some of the properties of Sardinian subjects which were sequestrated in contravention of existing treaties of 1853 at Milan, some of whom are also naturalized subjects of Sardinia, for the amount left iu the public treasury by the 1 Austrian authorities, although, at the treaty of j peace between Austria and Sardinia, August 6, IS 19, it is agreed by the first separate and ad ditional article that the Sardinian Government is to be responsible for all the damages suff .red by Austria iu the war then concluded. As a faint means of reconciling the Italian people to these fresh evidences of imperial despotism, the "Central Congregations" arc to be coi voked. These Congregations consist of two deputies from each province—one a noble and one a plebeian—and one deputy for each royal town. But the Imperial Government reserves 1 to itself so great an inlluence in the selection of | these representatives, that they become little better than instruments of despotism ; and they are not likely to lead to any pacific settle ment of Austro-Italian difficulties, or to initiate any satisfactory progress. The Trerona Gazelle emphatically denies that the Austrian army of Italy is to be increased; but the fact is asserted by the official "Vienna papers, and the Times correspondent says he has the most positive assurances of its truth. Fourtdbies in Sebastopol.—That there are foundries in Sebastopol there can be little doubt; some of the shot thrown at us is per fectly smooth and new, and seems just turned out; besides which, it is impossible to believe 1 that a great naval arsenal can be without the 1 means of manufacturing its own munitions. Powder-mills probably also exist; but in both these cases the question occurs as to where the material for the manufacture is to corns from. A small supply of iron is to be obtained by recasting our shot and the pieces of shell; but probably a great part of the former goes into the harbour, and the supply is too small and precarious for it to be believed that a Govern ment like the Russian would depend on it. It seems more probable that an organized system J of transport feeds Sebastopol with munitions as well as corn, and that during the summer every endeavour has been and will be made to supply the garrison with sufficient resources to stand j during the whiter, when the roads of the Crimea wiil be less capable of bearing the transport of heavy articles.—'Times Correspon dent. Tug Price of Defending Sebastopol.— M. Laontiewski, a Russian prisoner in the hands of the English, says that- very young men who have taken part in the nine'months' defence of Sebastopol, have in that space of time become so old, through continued ex ertion and care, that the Emperor lias per mitted them to reckon every mouth so passed as a year of service. The kind treatment which he has experienced at the hands of his captors is warmly acknowledged by M. Leon tiewski. The Russian* Hospitals.—Terrible ac counts have been received at Berlin of the state of the Russian military hospitals, which are so crowded that it has been found necessary to turn away large numbers of sick and wounded. There is also a great want of sur geons and dressers. A Russian priest has been awarded with the 'military order of St. George for rallying the troops when attacked during last March, in front of the Kamtschatka Lunette. Raising a crucifix, he exclaimed, " Lord, save thv ! people! Give our orthodox monarch the vic tory over his enemies 1" And, encouraged by ; these words, the troops, who had been waver ing, agaiu rushed forward, and took the first and second hues of the trenches. A Russian Ladv on the War—The Times correspondent communicates portions of a letter from a young Russian lady to her | sister, which fell into his hands in a deserted village about 12 miles from Balaklava. It is dated May 26th (June 7th), and the writer j speaks very contemptuously of the allies. " At Arabat," she writes, "there was a battle, in which we were victorious. They even say that a Russian army is marcJdny on to Paris. * * To-day the enemy bombarded heavily, but did nothing but bombard, and will do nothing; they can do noihiny ayainst us." On the very ! day on which this was written the Mamelon : Vert and the Quarries were taken by the allies. The writer adds:—" They say that the seat of j war will soon be transferred to the Danube. It is time that these gentlemen should leave us, and let us have a little rest. As soon as they go the town of Sebastopol will be built where £ be Chersonese was, and wliat is now Sebastopol { will he entirely a fortress." 1 The Austrian troops, says a letter from Cracow of the 21st July, have beau collected in two masses, one of which is stationed in Bo hemia and Moravia, and the other in Styria. The former of these divisions is thought to in dicate by its position that Austria and Russia are not yet quite at case with one another; the latter is for reinforcing the army of Italy. As for the apparent menacing of Russia, mag net this be a "feint" for the purpose of de ceiving the allies ?—Leader. Laziness of the Turks.—It is a singular thing that the Turks do not take any share in actual siege operations, and are now amusing. themselves with the playful work of foraging, an I actually sitting in indolence for hours together, following the shadows of their tents as they move from west to east, smoking sto ically or grinning at the antics of some mount*- ] bank comrade. Omar Pasha moves here and there without object, merely that his army may seem to ha employed; but its actual services ' are of little importance. It is said that an agreement was made between the allied Gene rals and the Porte that the Turks were to take no part in the siege. But why not? Andean such an arrangement be binding when the pub lic good demands a different course?—Times Correspondent. How the War came about.—The Emperor of Russia had come to be looked upon as the great conservator of order on the Continent. The timid German princes saw- in him the only refuge, on which they could securely reckon, from the contempt or the indignation of their own subjects. The instructors of the ; popular mind in Germany were either de bauched by Russian flattery and Russian gold, or, by the countenance they had lent to the foolish revolutions of the last sis years, had lost their authority with all rational friends of liberty. France, just emerged from a crisis which menaced her existence, could not be expected to incur the risks of a war to maintain the balance of power. England, in the full flush of an unparalleled prosperity, with her army and navy reduced, aud her statesmen urging still further reductions—with one class of fanatics publicly asserting that national independence was not worth preserving at the cost of armaments, and another proclaiming that non-resistance to an invader was a Chris • tian duty—would she rouse herself to save " the sick man ?" While such mountebanks were listened to day after day without rebuke, could any other inference be drawn than one—that the British spirit had fled for ever, and that any excuse would he accepted by the national conscience rather than hazard the diminution of material prosperity, and of the sensuous enjoyments which follow in its train ? Jib ! That the English nation was " too much vulgarized to make war with honour" was a phrase which expressed the not unreasonable conviction of the late Czar; aud Englishmen have only themselves to thank for it. There was, indeed, one Sovereign in Europe whose long acquaintance with our habits hid taught him tliat the noisy quackery which is so often rife extends no deeper than the surface, and that the heart of the nation is as sound a3 ever it was. But that Sovereign had learnt wisdom by tbe stern discipline of adversity—a discipline which was denied to the Emperor of All the Russias, the spoilt child of fortune. Heir of the policy of Peter and Catherine, like the ancient King of Lydia, his wishes allowed him to put but one interpretation on the oracle which the signs of the times furnished. He passed the fatal river to pull down a great em pire.—Times. Bong-cherished Kavae Extravagances. —Does not common sense—the common sense that governs the world—common sense that makes the conqueror—common sense that gives life to men aud nations—does not that sacred gift itself tell us that now is the time to stop building these long-chrishei extravagances? [theMarlboroughs, Wellingtons, Prince Alberts, men-of-war.] Granting that they have their use, aud that it is still necessary to assert tbe dominion of the ocean, have we not enough of them for the purpose? Have we not four, or even tea times enough, to dispose of the Rus sian fleet, if it should ever show itself? Of course, if we could do everything we might as well do everything. But we cannot do every thing. In sober truth, ws want craft for the "fringe"—that which is neither sea nor land. We want a whole fleet of gunboats, and other apparatus, directly suited to the work to be done. Rich as we fancy ourselves, we want "small change" in our fleet. We cannot do ! both together; we may, perhaps, have the money; we may, perhaps, have the material, I but we have not the men. The naval strength of the countryis absorbed, ship wrecked,in these enormous vessels, which only ride amid seas, I and meet no foe but tbe elements. Such a ship I as that which refused to be launched yesterday ! requires a crew equal to all the adult popula tion ot a consideraole town, ana costs mo j maintenance of a town. Imprison a thousand or twelve hundred men in a floating castle, and at the end of the year they will not have done anything in this war worth their salt. Set them free, and distribute them hi a flotilla of gunboats, and they may do something. Why, 1 on Sir Charles Napier's authority, it takes a couple of seasons to teach a fleet the very first elements of naval warfare, such as the use of signals. If it's the Atlantic tliat is in question, ' well and good; let ns have fleets to cover it, 1 and signal across from Gibraltar to the Gulf of Mexico. Let us have ships that the At lantic itself may be proud to bear.' But it is not the Atlantic, it is not the Mediterranean, it is hardly even the Baltic or the Black Sea that is the arena of tliis struggle. The quarrel is to be fought out in havens, and creeks, and narrow winding channels, in rock- strewn pools, and tideless shallows. Stop every big ship; set free every ship-carpenter, every smith, j every forge, every furnace in the Queen's dock- ; yards, or in any workshop now employed by her. Transfer them at once to that smaller craft without which it is qui e evident we can not undertake offensive operations—that is to say, without which we cannot carry on the I war. "We fear it is too late to expect anything this year. Next year let us meet Russia on j her own amphibious domain. Wo cannot doubt the final issue of the struggle; only let | : ns not be our own worst enemies, by wasting I out strength and diverting all our resources in [ unprofitable demonstrations.—Times. Hangyeb.—The recent change of Ministry in Hanover has arisen out of the straggle that has now been going on for some years between the reactionary aristocratieal party and the re presentatives of the people; the object of that struggle being the liberal constitution extorted hv the masses in 18 4S, and which the Diet now seeks to abrogate altogether, after a great many vexatious attempts to modify it in the spirit of oligarchy. The new Ministry is said to be still more inclined to n reactionary policy than the one just dismissed; and the King, who is to he its president, is greatly inclined to abet it in any fresh assault upon the rights of tho de mocracy. Mobtaxttt amongst the " Cheap" News papers.—Already have ten of these puling bantlings been deposited in an early grave. First went the Manchester Halfpenny Express, then followed the Penny Express, in the same enterprising city. A twopenny abortion, wliich made its appearance in Liverpool, under the title of the Guardian, gave up the ghost after spasmodically drawiug breath twice or thrice. The Leeds and Tbrkshire Daily Express expired at the conclusion of a lingering illness ; yet its whole tenure of life was but of 14 days' duration. The Keiccaslle Courier and the Devonshire Post have followed the same ex ample. The usual caution of our Scotch brethren seems to have forsaken them in regard to cheap newspapers, and they, too, have begun to show symptoms of decay. The:-Glasgow Daily Times and the Glusyow Free Church man have both expired of inanition. In Ire land the mania seems to liave spread with equal rapidity, and to have met with a similar fate; the Limerick Daily Times and the Clonmel Daily Chronicle having already disappeared. The Derry Sentinel and the Stirliny Observer, having each essayed a double trial of their readers' patience, by publishing twice instead of once a week, have drawn in their horns, and each retired .into its weekly shell. The Irish organ, with charac teristic frankness, states its reason for abjuring the new newspaper faith, in the following sensible admission of its error:—"We found that the mercantile class were opposed to ad vertising more than once a week; and as success principally depended on the increase i of advertisements, it would be fruitless to con tinue publisliing twice weekly under such cir cumstances." Numbers of others, it is well known, have already received such damage to their sickly constitutions as to render it jin- I possible that they can long survive.—Abridyed from the Liverpool Standard. Telegraph to Egitt and India.—The Turkish Government have granted an exclusive concession for a submarine telegraph from the Dardanelles to Alexandria. The cost will be ' £120,000, and the line could be completed in t welve months. An annual subsidy of £4,500 j J for 20 years to be paid by Turkey for the trans mission of official messages ; and, as the com munications from India will be accelerated from five to six days when this and the general sys tem of telegraphs now constructing in European Turkey shall have been completed, an additional I revenue of £10,400 is calculated upon by the ' promoters from that source. At the same time 1 proposals arc on foot for extending the project to India by carrying the communication via : Suez 3nd Aden to Kurrachee, at the mouth of ] the Indus, where it would connect with the lines already in operation, or in course of construc tion, by the East India Company throughout the various presidencies. The" total length from the Dardanelles to JKurrachee is about 4,030 miles, and the sum required for the I whole (induing the submarine line to Alex andria) would be £S50,000. Application has been made to the India House for support, in the shape of an annual alio wanes of £30,000 a ■ year, Bubject to reduction in proportion to tie : ultimate success of the undertaking. The en tire line to India may, it is estimated be com pleted in two years. A Singular Lightning Stroke at Bin smrGHAM.—If last season was remarkable from want of thunderstorms, the presently is squally 1 remarkable from their number and intensity. ■ A strange iucident occurred during the great thunderstorm which recently passed over Birmingham. The workmen employed on the Independent College, in course of erection on Moseley Common, near the Stratford-road, took shelter, in a couple of wooden sheds, thirty or forty yards from the building, and from each other. One of these is used for the workmen's tools, and in it some thirty bricklayers took refuge. Separated from the tool-house by a wooden partition is the builder's office, in which was Mr. Beeson, the clerk of the works. The other shed was occupied by twenty stonemasons. They were not many minutes sheltered when lightning flash prostrated to the earth the whole party of fifty. A noise like the crack of a percussion cap (the well-known sound of the electric force in action) preceded the peal of thunder. Two or three minutes elapsed before any of the party were able to rise, and one, the foreman of the bricklayers, remained quite unconscious for upwards of a quarter of an hour. A sensation as of scalding led to the discovery that their bodies were more or less blistered, several being nearly covered with watery patches, varying in size from a hand's breadth downwards. The stonemasons do not appear to have been visited so severely, as none of them were blistered. The lightning descen ded a scaffolding-pole at the corner of the building nearest the sheds, scooping out its substance, from top to bottom, as cleanly as if it had been the work of a gouge or chisel, burning the ropes by which four ranges of scaffolding were tied, and cliipping a heap of bricks below a3 if with hammers. Bobbert of Jeweleem:.—Two men, name Barnett and Polack, have been charged with robbing Messrs. Dean & Co., the great colonial exporters of watches, &c.;, to a considerable amount. The detectives traced the property to the prisoners, who had endeavoured to dispose of it in all parts of London. The prisoners were remanded, but have since been committed for trial. Thomas William Beal was brought up in the custody of Brett, the officer, charged with having plundered the house of Mr. Barber, in Cheapside, of watches and jewellery to an enormous amount. The shopman said that on the night of the 21st July he locked up the cases hi which the watches and jewellery were, and ho locked the side door of the shop, which leads into a passage leading into the open street, at a quarter-past 7 o'clock. He then fastened the outer door, and gave the keys of the shop to the servant girl, who resides on the premises. On the Monday morning, at 9 o'clock, he arrived at the shop, and found it had been broken open. Cases had been broken open, and a large quantity of property had been removed from them. He had examined pro perty produced by the police, consisting ofgold aad silver watches and other articles, and he could swear tliat they formed part of the pro perty which had been stolen. The prisoner said the property belonged to a man of the mine of Jones, and he pointed out the man to the officer. The Lord Mayor said he would remand the prisoner. Almost the whole of t'us property has been recovered. BncTAirrr to Woilex.—The Some Sews of August 10th contains two instances of gross brutality to women. A man named John Morrow brutally attacked his wife, seizing her by the hair. The man's son tried to release lis mother bv cutting with shears the hair grasped by the husband. Morrow got hold of the shears and stabbed his wife with them I t times. After this he cut the sinews of her legs and beat in her skull. He then went to | bed, and slept she rest of the night'. The poor ' woman died, and a coroner's jury pronounced his crime " manslaughter." In the same paper another verdict of " manslaughter" is recorded against a publican named Heniy Watts, who pitched his wife down- stairs, afterwards dashed her head against the hearl-hstoL e, then placed her, when insensible, in sueh a position that he might kick her down, besides perpetra ting other indignities and brutalities. Sale of a Wife.—Tiie antiquated and dis graceful farce of selling a wife has recently taken place at Tiiirsk. A blooming young woman, the wife of Mr. W. Marshall, of Wcmbleton, near Eirby Moorside, was led in a halter to the cross, and there sold for the sum of 2s. 6cL, to a knight of St. Crispin. Mr. Marsliall was 04 years of age when he was married, and Mrs. Marshall only 19. They, however, continued to live liappily together for 16 years, but, he finding that those infirmities so natural to old age were rapidly increasing, it was agreed between them that the knot which had joined them in wedlock for so long a period should he severed. They accordingly left Wombleton for Thirsk (che place appointed lbr the sale),and stopped at the Royal Oak Iuu, where an agreement was drawn up. They then repaired to the cross, where she was sold to Mr John Webster, of Oswaldkirk. The same day the purchaser thus publicly advertised his bargain:—"Purchase of a wife.—I, John Webster, shoemaker, of Oswaldkirk, do hereby declare that I have purchased Mary, the wife of William Marshall, of Wombleton, near Ivirby Moorside, at Thirsk Cross, this day.— Signed W. Marshall, the mark X of Mary Marshall, John Webster. Witnesses—Henry Ru ld, William Chapman.—Thirsk. July 11, 1855." A Fact fob Monboddo.— At Middles borough-on-Tees, there exists a singular freak of nature, " a hoy with a real tail." He is about four months old, and in good health. He has a perfect caudal appendage four or five inches in length. It springs from the vertebra: of the os sacrum, not tile os cocygis, as doc3 the tai1 of an animal, which is a continuation of the spinal structure. It has caused much interest among the faculty, who have had a consultation whether it would be proper to take it off; but as upon examination it is found to possess the properties of a limb, having bone, muscle, feeling, &c.;, and can he moved at the will of the child.it is feared the operation .might endanger the child's life, by affecting the ■ spinal cord. It may prove of great incon venience to the possessor in after life, as it will intrude upon the seat of honour. High Asliurst Estate,comprising 6S2 acres of land, in Surrey, the residence and property of Mr. Stralian, the bankrupt, has been disposed of by auction for £27,000. The most extraordinary example of the snake species ever discovered in England was found dead on a farm in the suburbs of Colchester by a labourer. It measured nine feet five inches in length, and nine inches in girth at the thickest part. It was beautifully marked. On the 2nd August Lord Muncaster was united to the Lady Jane Grosvenor, daughter of the Marquis of Westminster. The Bath School of Art cannot obtain more than £56 from the public to pay its debts, yet this is a city of dilettanti, and boasts its " Society for the Promotion of Art." Coast Defences.—In order to effectually guard the entrance to the Solent Sea an attempt has been made to fortify the outer hfeedles rock, at the south- western point of the Isle of Wight, but it has been found impracticable. Substitute fob the Potato.—A very useful French society, called the " Imperial Society of Acclimation," has just closed its session by a sitting at which some interesting communications were made. One was to the effect that 15,000 tubercles of the discorea batates of China, which can very satisfactorily in cases of emergency replace the potato, have been distributed, with proper instructions for their cultivation, amongst the various depar mcnts of France, as well as Algeria, England, Germany, Piedmont, Sicily, Sardinia, &e.; Xo doubt is entertained that this very useful vegetable will ultimately cuter very largely into the list of articles of food. Colonial Chartered Bank.—At a meet ing of the Melbourne, Sydney, and Adelaide Chartered Banking Company held to-day, Mr. M\Gregor, M.P., in the chair, it was resolved to appoint a committee of investigation pre viously to considering the future course to be pursued. It appears that, although the under taking has been in existence more than three : years, liaving originally been started as the Australian Banking and Gold Importing Com pany, this is the first regular meeting that has taken place. On a subscribed capital of i £9,4S3 an expenditure (including pending I claims) to the amount of £13,000 lias been in- • curred, the outstanding liabilities being about j £4,009. Some contingent assets exist, but,! although nominally valued at £2,000, it is i questioned whether they will realize that amount. As affairs at present stand, it is es timated that, if it be determined to wind up, ! a call of 7s. 61. per share trill be requisite. A 1 long discussion arose in connection with the position of parties who have purchased the . scrip of the original company, but who re- I pudiate the proceedings of the directors under the amended title. It is also considered ! that a transaction involving a temporary advance from the bankers of £20,000, which, it is stated, formed the basis of an announce ment iu the prospectus that half the amount of capit al had been paid up, must be enquired into, sines some of the shareholders allege that on the faith of it they entered into the com pany. The measures adopted for obtaining a local Act in Sydney, the preliminary consent of the South Australian Government, and the refusal of the royal assent to the colonial charter, were the points referred to by the directors as showing the nature of their ex ertions, which they say they have continued to the latest moment for the benefit of the chare ' holders.— -Timet) July 25th. 