THE PROHIBITION' TO SELL ALCOHOL. To the Editor af the Empire, I Sm-Tn your ÍBBUO of to-day there is an article- under tho ahovo title, reprinted from tho Economist of Juno 3, upon which with your kind porinission I ahull ofter n fow observations. . Tho article in question comos forth as a roviow of a meeting, hold in Exotor Hall, for tho advocacy of a forcod prohibition of tho traillo in intoxicating . liquors. Tho writer assumes u very high dictatorial toco, and estimates at avery low roto tho wisdom and tolerunco of thoso whoso objoetH aro " moral, philanthropic,-.and benevolent." But Ulis is pnrt of tho tact or policy ho has adopted,-which is that of thu lawyer;-ho grapples feebly with the question itsolf, and attompts to over- throw it, by expatiating on ohimoras of Iiis own imagin- ing, whioh hy n wilful inlBiincloiBtanding ho linds, or protends to find, in tho. wording of ono of tho resolu- tions. Tho motion which thus alfords «copo to his carping and sophisticating proponsity is as follows :-Moved by tho Earl of Harrington-" That it is neither right nor politio for tho State to alford logal protection and sanc- tion to any trafllu or. system that tends to incrcaso crinio, to wasto tho national rosourcos, to corrupt tho social habits, and to destroy tho life and health of tho pcoplo. That tho trnfllo in intoxicating liquors is inimi cal to tho truo interost of individuals and destructivo of tko order and welfare of society, and ought therefore to bo prohibited." Ho bogs attention to tho " beai-ings o: titi» resolution," and oonfessos that ho is 11 nppalloil bj their magnitude." Thon proooods to onquiro wliethoi there is " any trafilo, any oxistirig system, willah doof not tend, whun abused, to increase crime, to waste thc national rosourcos, and dostroy health and life," and by ' way of illustration instances tho business of thc Htook exchange. Why nllow people to continue buying and Kelling shares,-after tho foarAil results that havo arisen from speculation and stock jobbing, tho Mississippi and South Sen schemes and thc Railway mania? Why-ho furthor illustrates-nutlet drapors to dress their windows, seeing that their dis. plays ol'silks and lluory, lead to extravagant Imbits in young ladies;-"or," as thu writer moro solemnly puts it, ¿ure« " young females from the 2>Mha of virtue"/ Why not also prohibit tobacco, tlutt very otl'ensivo habit, sn manifestly, whether smoked or smtll'ed or chowed, " injurious to tho health"? And so on in a similar fashion. Truly if it is true, us ho nvors, that ho is " appalled by tho inagnitudo nf tho bearings of tho reso- lution," and those uro tlioy, ho need not. Ile has a tremulously activo imagination who quails before tho ghosts of his own raising. Wo will admit that tho resolution in question doos afford scopo for quibbling: and that tho last clausa of it might have sufuuiently enough expressed nil that was desired. Rut who, ' save a lamo objector, would . stiuklo on such a point ; or confound its application to tho suppression of evils which it is int possible to conquor by other than moral menus, with ono gaunt giant ovil, which admits of being so doutt with, which stands alona in its magnitude, and which, on tho ground of Unit especially, it is sought to forcibly put down. Aro any of tho evils ho instances productivo of oqunlly wide-spread doathly destruction ?-or could tiny of them be suppressed (as drinking, in a great measure nt least, may be) by force ? A legal prohibition of tho vending ol' spirits excepting for medicinal purposes, has hoon tried, mid found ctl'octivc. What is drunkenness ? It is a mania-u madness-fod and increased by tho opportu- nity of indulgence : cured hy tho opportunity for gra- tification being removed. Aro moral evils-strictly and simply moral ovils-capable of hoing so dealt »villi ? Can tho lovo of gain bo eradicated by prohibitory onnctnionts ?-that passion so ruinous tu tho real happiness of so mauy. Is vanity to bo banished tho human heart, by limiting its means of gratification ? Vanity, which subdues tho higher affections and reduces noble natures to paltry pursuits.-Tlioy cannot. Wore tho Exchange by Roynl edict closed, and ¿very drapery establishment sup pressed ; would tho pnssions' thoy luivo ministorcd to -inherent in tho human breast-bo extinguished with thom ? There wura certain monti defilements-pride, inordinate ambition, mid tho Uko-which took root in man's bosom when ho foll, and aro inwrought now into his very being. Rut drunkenness is nu excrescence upon these, mid so different that it may bo cut off, or pre- vented from over growing. This idea I conceive is simple, und cuts tho legs from thc objector. Tho varied other sophistries which abound in this learned critique I could havo wished to notiou moro fully; but other avocations interfere. I trust thoy may como under tho oyo mid bo moro fidly ropliod to by some ono bettor able. There is emly one short sentenco I shall remark upon. lt runs thus-" That one man may not got drunk thu multitude is to ho prohibited from drinking-would that he any great infringement ol' rational liberty ?"-lt would certainly, if tho actual proportions of drunkards and sober corresponded at all to tho numbers set forth in tho proposition. Rut reverso thom, and would it not approximate nearer to tho truth? Put it thus-"That the multitude may not got drunk, one man is to bo prohibited from drinking." To thut amended form thu enquiry might very suitably bo tocked," Would that bo any great infringement of rational liberty ?"-I am, Sir, &e.;, Syduoy, Sonlombcr 7,18ö.r>. J. 13. U 