SPORTLN U 1N TELL IGENCE. lELBOURNli SPRING RACE MEETING. unan DAY. Stewards John Gray, Esq , John On, Lisq nd John Geo Doiyhaitj, Esq Judgo, unes Henderson, lç.sq Startoi, John Gray, sq Clcilc of the courso Mi M Candhsh Hie Steeplt-chuse day at a colonial lace utting like ' all the fun of the fair," 01 the comic business" ot a pantomime, is veiy li to disappoint expectations Porhap3 the filer miy be unduly excited, and, indeed to tdi an cvtcut as to mako their realization ferr difficult mattei. Wo have e\po ¡enceu all of them, and the result of otu millar acquaintance is a stiong conviction sst tobonow Su Chailcb Coldstream's cele- brated phrase, theie's nothing in them " «twitkliinchng, participating, as of couroo tdo,in the Lnglihhman's peculiar suscepti % to humbug, we set out jestciday morn if on our thud vibit to the courso this week, nh something like a confidence m thero ingan advantage to be secuted by au oarly pt of Pop ' and " Rocket," the induce ;fnt held out lo us to becomo the tenth out leof R\ehicle bound for tlio locale whera a trent w us to be had Wo ai ri\ ed in due « on the course and witnessed the 'llcchnse, or at least as much of it as one elso did, the clouds of dust and the of horbimcn which intervened bo- wn us mid our object foiming rather 'toorablo inédit through which to obtain itinct ^ lew of tho lattoi Being stationed loo brook wo saw most of the disasters of tace and w ltnessed also the magnificent »et in which Watson lifted Rocket over ¿wigcious ehiibm (it contained fully two ta of water) Wo also saw others *it ensj by walking caicfully across it, when wo subsequently hcaid that Triton won wctook it foi gianted that ho had. truth to hay, eared very little about I as wo heard, the boises winch ian in tho tplechose were the best in the countiy for lit of tho kind wo fear that tho turf ot fiona has not acquired the position of ?sneo which other public amusoinonts | \ With the exception of Triton and j jty both of whom took their jumps ole-1 Ï «one cot ove r without previously jilla', nnel, m lcspect to the famous T Australian nags Lottery and Fid^öt, raw was to tbe.ni a complete sei les of div f 1 ho first was disabled by a clumsy fall « beginning of tho race, and could not bu wutul the other managed to flounder jliow back to the stand,-his jockoy a '« and, let us hope, a wiser, man. Tho *y wbo win, on, 01 lather oil, Peter Slmplo Ho »rook will best be ablo to estímate tho wlit, animal ha iodo, and so wo will not I outs Lui j body appealed to bo glad ?" the «finn wusovei. TfMccpstaUs was voll tontestod by JJ« least, of the best flat racéis in tho j Pr-nll superior animals Alma In this "»«(I Ins find, defeat,-tho three miles «lug to us to be too much foi him, tlie |i stock not being cekbiated foi gioat .loiinduiiince The nice was won by »M Wiseman wjth tho utmost case and "uonlhlcnt that the iihiilt would still wn tho sHiuft bad not Jeannette ian J «io course Tho maio, howcvoi, ill I wK wolf, muí sliowed a stiiiinchnis ?'»uhhtr speed, \\\ill rondei hoi a dan-i «cus omci to meet at any time It no Í'J «isnppointed the leputation willoh w»> fcoino nieiins aequned foi fleotnoss tWutnncc, it being fin luglioi than, *1 »y hu public display, she is entitled IteH'?" 8,,llKt8 mo"«1'l »vo into fcnii, n'tho,!¿U l,fc wim Squally inado V « ii mmet, a better than she took CT1'11 «°», Un« i aro clovelly, KJd'ïi,whtM,"ï^ ?"1(1(" ThoflMt ?FMI01-.iH wen, hied b\ Mi Simson. "IM wi 'not i niiinuoiia thin I« nil. 'on cither of the previous days, and there were more ladies present. Thoro also appeared to bo a greater number of vehicles on the ground. 1 he dust,however, was asad drawback to tho cnjoj'incnt of the scene. We have elsewhere mentioned that considerable disapprobation was expressed at the manner in which tbo ] Starting was conducted, a feeling in which, we must confess, we participated. Injustice to Mr. Gray, howovcr, we must say that many of the false starts wore attributed to the jockeys themselves. Tho post is a most unwolcomj one at all times, and duo allowance must be made in this case for imperfections of otheis, and which, to some extent, caused, in this instance, tho mistakes which were mule. The following exhibits tho dotails of this day's sport: FIRST IU.OB. »rKEi LE CHASF -A swoopstakos of 10 sovoiolgns eioh, with 100 sovereigns added, foi hoiscs of all ajos Wolghts-threojoars old, D st ß lbs , foul years old, 10 st (Jibs , live ye-irs old, 10 at 11 Ibi , SIÏ \- and aged, 11 st 7 lus Bound tho Melbourne btceple cha&o; ground, and over such toncos, ditclms, and i ono w alls as tho stovvards may appoint Mr I'm coll oe g ïilton, aged (Mr rabiut) 1 Jil A\ atson's br g Rocket, aged (Owner) 2 llie followm» also started, but weic not placed -li: WiRor'^ a S- ^op-çoas tho %eozcl, aged (Uall), Mi. îllineï's g iû. Alice G lay, aged (Whitehill cb), Mi Horpci's b î Pctei faimplc, aged (Evans), Mi. Purcell's blk g ¡sultan, aged (Ciabbe), Mi Watsons c g Bondman, aged (Ryan), Mi. Bigncll'sblk. g Coachee, aged (Baillie) Mi Bigncll's g g While Squall, uged(Athoin), and Mi. Nichol- son s bi g Lottery, aged (Goirie). Betting-4 to 1 against Rocket (taken), 4 to 1 against Lotteiy (taken), 4 to 1 against Petoi Simple (token) Triton not alluded to pi mi to the stait TUB RACE.-Bondman lett-over tho first fence, with Coachee and Triton imme- diately in his wake'; the others several lengths behind. All got over safely, and little change was made in the order up to the second jump, except that Rocket improved bis position, and took third place. Bondman struck the second fence and throw his rider, who found himself far to the rearward upon regaining his saddle. Alice Gray fell at the same fence, and threw her jockey heavily. The lead was maintained by Coacheo at a good pace, to the next fence, which he.Rockct, and Triton, cleared cleverly. Lottery, how- ever, tipping it, fell with great force, and so strained himself that ho was thenceforward, out of the race. Tho next juinjJ was a five-feet stone wnU, over which, the three leading horses got in tho same order, without the ghost of a baulk from either. At tho next fence, how- ever, Coachee refused, for the first time, and before ho could be got to the other side of it Rocket had supplanted him as leader, and he wos fain to content himself with an inferior position throughout the remainder of tho raco. Petor Simple took his fences steadily, and moved nearer the front towards; tho last milo and a half. The others never had the least chance of winning. On rounding the course .under the hill upon a part of which stands the Race Course Hotel, Hocket bad a strong lead, and looked remarkably like the winner. Lottery again fell at the fence there, and her Adelaide chum, White Squall, better known as Fidget, also favored her rider with a summerset. Roc kcttled over the fence immediately before tho brook, and indeed had reached the lat- ter before Triton, closely followed by Coachee, had jumped the fence. When within about three full strides of the brook Watson called upon his horse, and the animal responded in a gallant manner, dashing at and clearing the obstacle in a mag- nificent style. Triton was now evidently put on his mottle, and, being admirably ridden, followed suit without hesitation. Coachee, who was about|t\YO lengths to the rear of Tri- ton, jumped short, his hind legs sinking in the soft soil of the trench. Before ho was got out Peter Simple came up and jumped clean into the middle, throw- ing his jockey, who received a thorough drenching. The others managed lo ' scramble through without jumping, Pop-goes the-Weusel being actually walked across in -the most deliberate manner. Rocket main- tained tho lead until coming upon the courso between ropes. Hero a horse crossing threw him out of his stride, and Triton being close In his wake at onco collared and thou piusod liini, The pace of the latter told greatly in his favor in the flat running, and, after |a gallant but ineffectual struggle on the part of Rocket, his only competitor, came in a , winner by three lengths. It was subsequently said that Coachee had not gone the course, having more than once during flic raco ran inside tho posts. Lotteiy was novcr got round, the gallant little horso liaving evidently received serious injury when ho first fell. The winner was loudly cheered, I as was also the second horse. Tho time waa i not marked. SECOND HACE SWHLISTAKES -A swccpsuil es of 50 sovoroltns oac i, with 100 added for horses of nil uo0i lho se i id hoi so to reçoive C25 Ihroo ontraucos 01 no lae M olfchts--threo j ears old 8st fmrycirsold 0s Albs flv o j ears old, lOst , sWaud iged lOat 41bi Distance three milos Mr Morris s blk h Cirdinil Wisomau (Halton) 1 Mr Oreoncsc ¡, Ahm 4 j cara (Smith) 2 Mr Harpe i b ni Joannotto, a=c 1 (Hayos) d Mr How sen Itoso of Maj 0 Betting LA en on Alma (taken;, 2 to 1 on Cardinal Wise nan (taken), 6 to 2 on Jean nette (taken) Ihestait was veiy badly managed an om mon which appeared to bo 'very goneially held bj the spcctatois judging by the sounds of disappi obation which proceeded fi om the in. Rose ot May had fully six lengths disadvan- tage to contend vv ith, and may ho said to havo been entirely out of the îaec fiom the coin-« niencemcnt Jeannette got off first Cardinal second, and Alma who had been netting tluough tho re- peated paiadings and half «taits which pre- ceded the tinal one, thud In this older they reached the turn of the coumo opposito tho gate when Alma challenged theCiiulinul, who .was then about a length behind the mine "Whc n opposite the Grand Stand Alma waa leading thoro being sciucoly a length betweon the thicc On ioundin0 thccouisc oppuite Mr Giai s paddock Jeannette had a jam her head in fiont, Caidmal Wibcman lv mg w oil up and evidently biding his time Jemnotto was first on tho stiaight eouiso mid had a trifling lead past the Gi and Stand tho Caidmal still about foui lengths to I the rear. The old horse appeared evon to lose ground until ngain arriving undoc the Racc-coiirso Hotel hill, when Alma began to show unmistakcablo signs of dis- inclination to gallop at the speed which was now the order of tho day. At the paddock. Cardinal was second, Jeannette, who had improved her advantage galloping splendidly. ?\\\hen under tho hill facing the end of tho straight courso Jeannette was overhauled by the Cardinal, and when about half a length in advance of him suelelenly ran within tho posts, and lost all chance of tho race. Cardi- nal now lind it his own way, Alma being fairly bcatcu. The formor won with tho greatest case in a canter, beating Alma by four lengths; Jcannetto a bad third, ami Rose of May nowhere. Timo, 0 min. l8 sec. A protest was subsequently entered by the owner of Jeannette against Cardinal Wise- man being eleclarcel the winnor, on the ground of foul rieling, by which the maro was forcoel off the courso. Tho s towards proceedod at once to hear ovidonco, and after an investiga- tion, which occupied nearly an hour, ilocieleel against the protest, and pronounced Cardinal Wiseman to bo the winner. Timm MACK. I CONSOLATION STARKS-A sweopstakes of s soioiolgiw i euch, w Uli SO eo\ orotgns udded, foi till benton hones during tho moot. Distance, ono milo und a half. | Tost ontiy. Jlr Ooodlson's br. c Qui/ tho Wind (Monnglnn) 1 I Hit Mmson's b e llinricuno, by rlguio (Malono) 2 ¡ The following also stinted, but woie not Ïlaced :-Mi. StovenB'b Goldfindor (Day), Mr. faidy's c. m. Blue Bonnet (Mahon), Mr. Bow's br. m. Becky Sharp (Hayes). Betting-2 to 1 against Bluo Bonuot (5 to 2 taken in various places), 4 to 1 against Quiss-tho-Witul (taken freely), 4_to 1 against Becky Shatp (taken), 10 to 2 against Gold findci (taken). Aftoi a shoit delay, carmed by the lieloi of Becky Sharp not being lendy, tho lot woio Kot oil well,-Goldfinelcr, Becky Shinp, and Blue Bonnet in advance, the last gindiially diawmg ahoad as tho tinco lounded tho toinuiof tho course in the diiection ol tko gate, lluiiiiano next, and Qiii the íear, but galloping steadily. On antrim; opposite the Grund Stand the oielei of i tin- ning vas . Becky Shinp loading, Blue Bonnet being scuiefly a length behind hoi, ami hiiMiig an advantage of about half a length ovoi Goldllndei. Aluwsti ide*« lui tliei on and tho mai es wcioneik-imil-ncok, llniueiiiio coining up nndlookingoxceedinglydiingeious At (h ? pnddook G oldllnilei gave u ay to Qu i/,-lho- YVÏ ntl who was now letting out in inmost ; and Mi, Simson's stable was beginning to bo looke I to foi tho winnoi. Hun ¡cane caught Bimi Bonnot mulei tho hill tiieiug the eommenoo mcnt ol the doulili leiuc, and passed hoi in a stude oi two Qui/ now took thud plac, an I tame into the stiaight minim,,' hctontl Tim lace home was a iniin contcfatin.,' ooiy inch of mound with (jin/, who aftoi a mosl o\clting contest, landed a wmnei bv a ncek Wo aie Bony to hine to lecoul Um > i ' renco of two accidents, neither of which, how- ever, terminated fatally with respect to human life. Tho first was occasioned by the col- lision of two horses, whose riders were gal lopping in opposite directions. The force of the contact was so great thas both animals fell dead, and the rider of one, a young man of respectablo connec- tions, sustained a comminuted fracturo of tho leg, and was also believed to have had his jaw fractured. Dr. Ford, who happened to bo on the spot, made some temporary splints out of a piece of fencing, and having reduced the fracture of the leg, despatched the unfortu- nate gentleman-under proper charco, of course- to Melbourne. The rider of the se- cond horse is not known. The second acci .. 11- !-1-J ""!.. J.J," lif" rtf dent providentially involved only tne lire oi ii horse. Two females, with some children, wore seated in a cart, which was standing between the course and the Saltwater River, when the horse commenced jibbing and backing the cart towards the river. Some bystanders, seeing the imminent danger to which tho occu- pants of the vehicle were at onco exposcd,extri cnted them from their perilous position. The horse backed the cart into the river, and was di owned. Such is the story us communicated io pur reporter, who could not learn tho names of tîiô parties. .,,,.,, The following evento remain to be decided, and will come ôfî this day" (Saturday). J. ÙC . entries for Row's Cup will bo made this morn- ing at eleven o'clock, at Tattersall's Hotel. Fiasi RACE. | Row's Our.-A Silver Cup, value 100 sovs. ; Entrance, 10 sovs. each ; half forfeit. Entries to be made at eleven o'clock this morn- ing, at Tattersall's Hotel. The horses to bo handicapped by the stewards or whomsoever they may appoint. Heats, a mile and a half. SECOND RACE. HACK HURDLE RACE.-A Sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each, with 20 sovs. added ; for hacks. Catch-weights. Round the steeple- chase ground, and over such fences, ditches, and stone walls as the trtcwards may ap- point. Tumi) RACE. HAOK RACK.-A sweepstakes of two sovs, each, with 20 sovs. added, for hacks. Catch weights. Heats, one milo and a-half. 