steamer. A CHARGE, delivered to the Clergy of the Diocese of Tasmania, at the Visitation, held in the Cathedral Church of St. David. Hobart Town, on Tuesday, 22nd May, 1855 and in the Church of the Holy Trinity, Launceston, on Thursday, 31st May; by FRANCIS RUSSELL NIXON, D.D., Bishop of the Diocese. Hobart Town, 1855 ; Pp. 54, in 8vo. NEARLY six months have elapsed since the delivery of this highly important Episcopal Charge, and although the weighty matters of which it treats must ever since have been the subject of grave and constant reflexion to the clergy in particular, while the subsequent proceedings in Synod, as reported in the Hobart Town and Launceston journals, cannot fail to have interested deeply the more thoughtful among the lay members of our communion ; yet now that the Charge has become public juris through the medium of the press, and that the reports of the committees appointed in each archdeaconry to draw up rules for the establishment and administration of the proposed Sustentation Fund are added in an Appendix, we feel that we are called upon to advert, as briefly as may be, to the several topics thus submitted to the consideration of the Church at large. It is the more incumbent upon us to do so, inasmuch as the Bishop has thought it advisable to place these reports before the public, without any comment or suggestion from himself; and there are one or two points upon which we are scarcely prepared to adopt the recommendations of one or other of the two Committees. One previous occasion indeed we ventured to raise an objection against one of the resolutions of the Hobart Town conference, which had neverthe- less received, we believe, the sanction of his lordship ; nor do we think that the great question of patronage has been more satisfactorily adjusted by our Launceston brethren. The Bishop opens his address with a sorrowful allusion to the events of the last four years, which, springing from causes not very creditable to those with whom they originated, must, more or less, have humbled some find saddened' all." We fear that they have saddened, more than they have humbled; and that the pertinacity with which calumny, often refused, is still maintained, while it keeps alive a spirit of disunion in the diocese, prevents many an earnest and active labourer from throwing in his lot among us. With his Lordship, however, we would readily, if it were possible, pass lightly over bygone trials ; though we cannot, as honest Churchmen and faithful Journalists, omit to urge upon those who continue to " lay to the charge of their brethren things that they know not," the fearful responsibility which waits upon their injurious and uncharitable conduct. The assertion that " Romanising principles are in- created in this diocese in place of the principles of the Church of England," they know to be untrue and they are equally dishonest in alarming the timid and misleading the ignorant by representing " the system of theology approved by the Bishop and the majority of the Clergy, as " calculated to destroy instead of saving souls." Such " Evangelical" big ; bears are but " weak inventions of enemies," little scrupulous as to the weapons which they employ ; but who would do well to calculate the fearful account they will have one day, to give of the mistrust, and suspicion, and gain- saying which have been thereby engendered. After pointing to the obvious and salutary lesson taught by the several changes which had taken place in the diocese, since the last Visitation, and paying a feelingly affectionate tribute to the memory of our late reverend metropolitan, the Bishop enters at once upon the main object of his Charge. It was not for the mere purpose of an ordinary visitation that his Lordship had called his clergy together, but with a view to take counsel with them on " certain points, intimately connected with the stability and efficiency of our Church in this diocese." These points, which his Lord- ship has treated with his wonted perspicuity of expression, and much simplicity of detail, and which were afterwards fully and dispassionately discussed at a Conference of the Clergy, are arranged under the four following heads : " L The best mode of establishing a general Sustentation Fund, in order to meet the present and future wants of the Church. " IL How far it is desirable to give in our adhesion to the existing Board of Education. , " III. The duty of restoring, as far as may be a practicable, the Church's ancient rule of catechising, , | "IV. The necessity and importance of securing the co-operation of the Laity in the general work of the Church." P 5. From a consideration of these wants of the Church, which are either " immediate and pressing," or " will become so ere long," or " are probably impending at no distant period," his lordship clearly substantiates the necessity of establishing a general Sustentation Fund, in order to meet them. Before twelve months have passed away, the yearly grant of £1800, which has hitherto been received from the Home Government for Missionary purposes, will have been withdrawn and the means of maintaining the ten Chaplains), who are wholly or partially supported by this grant, will accordingly be among the first of our. immediate and pressing" needs. Then there is the missionary work of the Church at large, for which there can be no doubt that our Church, and this our Tasmanian branch of it, are bound to make provision to the full extent of those means wherewith God has prospered us. It will not be possible to give very large extracts from the Charge, nor since every Churchman ought to furnish himself, at once, with a copy of it, will they be necessary ; but we must register, nevertheless, in our columns, if only for the sake of the testimony borne to the character of the Bishop of New Zealand by his Right Reverend brother, the cogent arguments by which this paramount duty is enforced. " God, in His good providence, has cast our lot in a portion of His vineyard, where the obligation imposed upon us, to carry our Master's message to the Gentile world, is more" closely brought home to our every-day experience, than it can possibly be to that of our brethren in England We are surrounded by heathen; we have slain and taken possession; we have entered into their inheritance. The islands of the Pacific are within a few weeks, or even days' sail from our own show is. What have we done for the evangelization of their inhabitants, or for that of the old heathen stock of this island, during the sixty seven years of our possession of this Australasian hemisphere The answer, I do not hesitate to say, is equally fraught with dishonour to us as a nation, and as a Church nothing. Nothing nationally, as an acknowledgment to God, for the vast acquisition of territory that we have gained; nothing, as a Church, in recognition of the duty and responsibility imposed upon us through the door thus opened to our missionary enterprise. We have left the Gospel field uncared for and unoccupied; and until the single minded and noble hearted Bishop of New Zealand, regardless of the peril, visited some of these poor heathen in his little missionary schooner of some twenty two tons burden, the Church of England had failed to lift up her voice to deliver the glad tidings of salvation to a single soul among them. I should be both afraid and ashamed, in this sacred place, to speak one word that would savour of compliment or flattery to man. It is the deliberate conviction of my heart, to which I give utterance, when I express my belief, that for generations after you and I shall have been numbered with the dead, the name of GEORGE AUGUSTUS SELWYN will be reverenced in this hemisphere, as that of one who has been specially raised up by God to do a peculiar work, to fashion forth a new scheme of missionary labour. You do not know the man I do : I may be pardoned, therefore, in expressing my deep sense of gratitude, in that it has pleased God to ordain that one of His servants should thus devote himself to the work of evangelizing the heathen, with such rare talent, such singular self-denial, and such indomitable energy. Hitherto, the obvious check to all modern missionary enterprise has been the difficulty of preaching to the heathen savage in his own tongue, and with a perfect appreciation of each phase and shade of his religions superstition and belief. Of old the plenary inspiration of the Holy Ghost endured the first messenger of the Covenant with the supernatural power of grappling with these difficulties. The Pauls and Misses or old time could chick each doubt as it arose; could appeal to each prejudice, as it strove and struggled with the dan ning conviction, ' Almost thou persuadest me to be a Christian.' "Thesodays have passed plenary inspiration is no longer the gift of those who preach Christ crucified to the alien and the heathen. But it is not overstepping the bounds of sober truth to say, that the measures adopted by the Bishop of New Zealand are better adapted to supply the want than any that have hitherto been brought forward. He has secured the confidence and affection of these heathen islanders ; they have entrusted to his guardianship their young children, who are carefully trained in the simple elements of Gospel truth. Uno by one, the falsehood and the folly of each several point of their old belief is thus rooted out. And when, they are thoroughly instructed as elementary Christian teachers, the proposals, to send them back to their own friends and countrymen, to tell, in their own language, of all that Jesus has done for them to preach Him cruci- fied for their redemption to discourse of the wondrous love of the Incarnate Son of God to wean them from their degrading follies to rescue them from their debasing superstitions. " There is not one who listens to me this day, there is not one who will read these few poor words hereafter, who will refuse to say that one soul but one, rescued by this instrumentality, from the dark errors of heathenism, even as a brand from the burn- ing, is an ample reward for all that you can pour into the fund which is dedicated to support this goodly work. One soul, thus won to Christ, you know it well is worth a nation's ransomed. 7-9. There seems to be an opinion, almost unanimous among the clergy, that it would be better to keep the Heathen Missionary Fund separate and. distinct from the Church Susten- tation Fund. Perhaps they are right; and we feel confident, that the Bishop will cordially enter into their views, so long as the object, which he has so deeply at heart, is duly and efficiently cared for. Practically, the difference will be but little; and the management of the Mission Fund would appropriately devolve upon the Church Societies already incorporated in the two archdea- carries, a Passing onward to other needs of equally pressing moment, the Bishop dwells at some length upon the utter inadequacy of the pre sent ministerial staff for the supply of the reli- t gious wants of the colony. Numerous dis-, t tricia, and some of them densely populated, i lie far beyond the reach of any efficient spirit- i tual supervision by the clergyman stationed nearest to them and in point of fact, his lord- 1 ship clearly demonstrates that, even in the present state of the diocese, there is ample ) work for no less than twenty-two additional > labourers in the Lord's vineyard. It is a 1 pleasing reflection, doubtless, that with thus much to be done, and with no present means J of doing it, the Church of England is yet t gradually moving forward. Both in Hobart < Town and Launceston a great subdivision of J labour has recently been effected by the erection of a large portion of St. George's parish into a distinct chaplaincy in our southern, and by the formation of a third ecclesiastical district in our northern, capital For the latter work we are mainly indebted to the zealous exertions of two- energetic laymen; and for the former, in no trifling degree, to the earnest and untiring efforts of the Reverend Mr. Gellibrand, to whose pastoral charge the new parish has been assigned. We feel indeed that we should be guilty of neglecting what is little short of a sacred duty, did we fail to express our most thankful acknowledgments of the great and disinterested services which this indefatigable minister has rendered to the Church. Much, however, as we could say upon such a subject, we shall not offer a studied panegyric, which would only be distasteful to him but we will urge upon his fellow-colonists to give him, what he will value much more highly that warm and hearty encouragement which his devotion to their best interests deserves. An adequate provision for the aged, sick, or worn-out pastor is another desideratum, upon which, in his well-known anxiety touching all matters which tend to improve the position of his clergy, the Bishop says considerable stress. His Lordship, by no means desirous of saddling the State with clerical pensioners, and however grateful for the boon, should its acceptance become necessary, he would much rather that " the aged man of God should depend in his decay on that Church which he has faith- fully served in the season of his strength." Perhaps there is nothing which weighs upon the mind of a clergyman with such depressing effect, as the consciousness of an utter inability to lay by in store for the necessities of old age or physical infirmity, or for the support of those dear ones who, by his death of decrepitude, may be brought to destitution, or little short of it. He cannot, like the man of business, take advantage of the rise or fall of prices and in times like the present, it is well if he can meet the exigencies of the passing hour. We concur, therefore, in the opinion of the Bishop, that no system of Ecclesiastical policy will be complete in which this want is unsupplied. With such needs, more or less immediately pressing, there are others also that cannot be very far distant, and must not be overlooked. The gradual cessation of State Pay as the existing chaplaincies fall in, is a contingency which the temper of the times very plainly indicates to be far from improbable at a much earlier day than may be generally anticipated. Such a measure, indeed, may pass the Legislature in any session; and our Church would then be left to her own resources, already failing in their supply from home, for the maintenance immediately of most, and eventually of all who serve at her altars in this colony. Accordingly it is a duty on her members to make timely preparations for the coming need, by the establishment of a fund, not simply sufficient for the payment of adequate stipends to the working clergy, and of pensions to the aged, but for the progressive endowment of Churches, with the essential appendage of schools and parsonages, throughout the length and breadth of the island. This will manifestly be a work of time, spreading itself over a score, or scores, perhaps, of years ; but the fund will not have fulfilled its object, and must therefore be steadily and perseveringly maintained, until, as in England, the machinery of the parochial system is complete. We trust that the arrangements for the organisation and management of the proposed fund will be fully made before the ensuing Easter at least and a church census, or registration of bona-fide members of the Anglican communion, will be a necessary preliminary to setting it fairly on foot. A' Pastoral Letter from the Bishop to his Clergy, which they will read to their assembled congregations from the altar, will probably be the best means of explaining the nature of the movement, which, in order to be carried out effectively, must be made rimul toneouBly throughout the whole of the diocese. Most fully are we persuaded that, if each individual chaplain is left to choose his own time for making the appeal, that impulsive feeling which is created by a united aim for a common object, as in the case of the Patriotic Fund, will not be awakened ; whereas, if all are aware of a great fact in which they are to operate with their fellowrchurchmen, at once and together, none will seek to evade the call which they know to be making even where around them. The effect of this enrol- ment will be to let us know our real strength, and, at the same time, what is no less useful to know, our weakness and thus, setting one against the other, we shall more readily calcu- late upon what we have to depend. ' Upon more than one occasion, as well as in his Charge, the Bishop has explained the principles upon which it is desirable to act, and stated what he surmises to be a probable estimate of the results. For the most part, the Clergy at large, and the two Committees' appointed to dense rules for the regulation of the Fund, have entered very cordially into his views, and his Lordship as cordially adopted most of the suggestions which were thrown over at the Conference. Our own opinion has also been frankly offered in several articles and reviews, so that we may content ourselves with directing attention to the Reports of the two Committees, which have been already published in our columns, as well as in the Appendix to the Bishop's Charge. 1$ And first, with respect to the difference in the constitution of the two Committees, to whose Reports we have referred. It was ruled at Launceston, that the five clergymen appointed to carry into effect the resolutions of the Conference should add five laymen to their number and accordingly their ," recommen-" dations and suggestions ' have full representative weight. Would it be advisable that the Hobart Town Committee should, even now, submit their Report to five chosen laymen to be by them confirmed or revised? Uniformity of action would thus be maintained ; but as the rules of either Committee are essentially of temporary obligation, ceasing with the establishment of a Diocesan Synod, it may be as well, perhaps, to leave them as they stand. Eventually, they will have to be ratified by the Bishop, by whom we are not aware that they have yet been formally allowed and moreover, they will have to be digested into one code: for, although, each Archdeaconry will have its separate Fund, the management of both will be ultimately subservient to the Diocesan Synod, as the single controlling authority. Upon an estimate, formed upon what ought to be a solid basis, the Bishop reasonably calculates the Church's income, which the Sustentation Fund, duly organized, and in full operation, will be enabled to apportion to the several specified object?, will amount to £27,000. There can he little doubt that most Churchmen in this colony can make-and all who can are most unquestionably bound to make a contribution of twelve shillings a year. If, however, none contributed more than this small Rum, the income would fall greatly short of the estimate, which includes children as well as adults, and makes no allowance for the shortcomings of the indifferent, and the refusals of the heartless and profane. But we have the fullest confidence that the donations of the wealthy and consistent worshippers will compensate, and much more than compensate, for the backwardness of many, and the inability of a few ; nor shall we be surprised to find that, in the early years of its establishment, the Fund will be greatly in excess of its computed revenue. Nor do our hopes and expectations rest exclusively upon the Fund, and the gradual realisation of the objects contemplated in its institution. Doubt- less many of our landed proprietors, in the true spirit of our pious forefathers, will be devoting a portion of their earthly inheritance to the service of the great Giver of all good, furnishing convenient sites for parochial buildings, and setting apart a few acres for the endow- ment of Churches and Schools. Surely we may reckon upon many a devoted servant of God, in this our little thriving community. Some few have already borne their part in the Church's work, with a spirit akin to that of old times, and perhaps we shall not be mis- taken in our anticipations of certain others upon whom we are disposed to rely : but the record of names must not precede the record of deeds. Both will be duly registered; and that not only on earth but in heaven. Tasmanian Church Chronicle for November. 