DOMESTIC NEWS. THE NESTOR COMPANY.—The large po[r-] tion of the iron rails belonging to this Company are recovered from.the wreck of the Nestor ; and the question now under the consideration "of the compan, is-how to'dispose of the property?.1 It would be of immense advantage to the town to havre them laid down where tiey et could be of service to the traffic of the Port. The question however is seriously mooted, as there appears no prospect of 'e making use of them for local purposes, V whether it would not be more advantage. rt ous to the Company to ship the rails back I to England,' ass: lilast, and have .them Y' sold there. lt: is esteemed that more br would be realized for them in this way 1. than by disposing of tiem.in the colony. SUB INSPECTOR OF POLICE.-We hear that Mr Smalpage is about to be trans ferred to an appointment in Melbourne We have not heard the name of the gentle man who is to succeed him as SubInspect or of Police at Portland. NATr|NAr L SciooL.-The preparatory I work for the erection of this public build. se ing, is proceeding as fast as the state of tii the weather will allow. The contractors ol for the wo.k have been engaged now for IT some weeks in dressing the stone at the P uary ; and they .are now beginning to pl carnin,.and 't proceed with the erection t, o! the edifice, PORTLAND LAND SALs.-It is' notified Ju in thle Government Gazette that in the ea sale of lands to be held on the 20th. Aun .t gust at L'or!lhnd,'"the improvements upon lot 21 have been va'ued at'60J1 and upon t lo.29 at 25)01, and thzse amounts added h, to the upset.pric of the respective !ots, fi must be paid at the time of sale." - 'TriTsi DE)DS.-Th'l'e following are w notified as nowready for delivery'froin d the ofll?' of the? COlonial Tr easery 'o. ae payment of the establiahed fees theire- i on. Deeds dated 6th March 1855 is Nborth H;isnillotiJ'ohl Moff, 594. do; w 58 Or'161i.'- db 6J4 3r I4p.uo 61 Ori ul 16\. do' 41a Oe 10:,. do 46a 2!r 20p l Litdsav ,Clarke 68a lrBn 2. Curha. 'is bert F.;thers'onha ,h 77a 3r 24p. i Go irge Yonger 72a8. Lindsay Clarke a 72a two lute. John Moffat 101a do is loOa 3r 24p. do 156a do lOl Ir 24p C two lute do 85a Or 10p1 do 98a Or 2O6 et two lots Patrick Bergin 91a Lindsay . Clarke Dia ;: George, Younger 86a H Cuthbert Fetherstonhaugh 86A. Pa. tI trick Belrgin 140a two lots do 136a lr r 34'p. '~o 136a 2'. Deeds dated 15th C Marht. 1855. Coleraine Charles E d Payne 9a Or 4p do 6a12r $Sp. do 6a tr It 5p do 7a 3r 10pDawson McAbery 21a a I r 30p George Tr angriar and I'homas v l'rangmar 27a Or.25p do lba Walter bI tHird 15a. .u I' "Lsonss.-A li;euse for renmoving surfacer: tone was granted at the Pu. lice eolhe oisn Saturday last to James Beeson. :The 'place for the exercise 41 of lthe. licensts near the . Flagetsaff in lie' nsecf r'thei kind muay" be 'lotl: f taihed for E£ It is t not the same isia w license for quarrying atone the coste of which -is £0 P SPORTING AT CASTERTON.—On Monday the 6th inst the families in the neighbourhood assembled to witness some trial of speed of some of their crack hacks. The first race was for the Bachelors Purse of sixteen sovereigns, mile and a half heats, for this eight started Mr G Hutchisons' .. Runnymede " Jas Kirby's .... ...Tross " Thos Kirby's ........ Botheram " A Beveridge's .... Don " W Robertson's .... Lottery " R H Ralston's .... Mazeppa " R Ralston's.... Little Harry Messrs Davidson & Roertson's bertson's. ..... ... Rob Roy At the start the horses got away well together and for the first mile Don took the lead, but Runnymede then headed and finally won, hard held, followed by Don, Rotheram &c.;, second heat, lead taken by Runnymede but was soon collared by Tross, when a most exciting race ensued, which, resulted in Runnymede winning by a length, the others in this heat, with the exception of Rotheram who came in a bad third.—No where. The 2nd race 'ast a private mn itch betweien' ir Chlffey's Flhtsh antd ,\r 'PuoitWeeltt?s Jessie won by Flash, occusionerd y the other b,,ithig. 3rd race railts and n half, one event, between Mir Co.t rile' 1ippy Jack' an'i Mr Jail Kirry'. l'omnty-won easily ly H-ppy Jack 4th race mile hdats, for a saddle pre rsented by 'Mr Cholffuy, for this niio horses started, won by MrTownsend's J.essie. th and last event of the day was for a sweepstakes ..mile heats three started namely Mr Leonard's Matilda Mr Courtir' Happy Jack and Mr Thos Kirby's Dora this was a caM pital contest won by Matilda.' The weather was delightful for the season and the course in splendid condition, it may be here remarked that several parties were of opinion that a better turf to run over could not be obtained in the Colony; and all expressed themselves delighted with the day's amusement, this however was not the finish as the Bachelors who got up the sports were determined to carry it out with a Dinner and Ball, which was provided at the Glenelg Inn by Mr Graham to whom a great deal of credit is due for the manner in which he carried out his arrangements considering the short notice given. The events of the day and evening were much enlivened by the presence of all the fair sex in the neighbourhood and it is to be hoped that the lead thus given may not be dropped, but that a more sociable feeling than has hitherto existed in the bush, may be a t a __ent to it. . .. . " \ . '. ' m " ' ' ,' ' ' Tas Escon J itrd" return. ed to (t ?1y last,. having. occupied, 2j day in goingr op and the same in returning ifroiha ?' lant o : W illiam Diggings. He reports the roads as being in excelledt order bee* yond - Muste'te ,Creek, Thae sisort brought down,:-fo.r Warrnarmbool, 13H os gold 'isi"l X46'10s ioi eaih. Brifa t 406'? o' gold £89 10f incaosh Had it beeu possible to have waited longer on1'he ground and given mni .i.. publicity to the feet o* the escort bee ing prepared- to receive gold,much morea migbt. have. been 'obtained. There are about 2,U00 people at pre. isat on the diggiugs, and by the 'tee. ' timony of Mr Lyidisrd;, as qiraol and orderly a'esicety ,i cian be imsginied '-' Two new : riehi were just made to _ Phillip's and Campblell's PFat. The preisnt trip Iof tbo escort ., hi been , made for the purpose of foirming a judgment 'as to whbither a permaent establish ienietwosilde a'lvisable,and the deeiai?. ; will' now rest :with- the - governmenti, LiUu , naturday list,; a :' . man. unauie4 Hail on hiii way iith his ftmily to Port Fairy, wasi Ihrowui frolm his horse and Iricltred'iýu: arni ' and log ; and on Sunday an enquiry was held upon aiai'uduwbo m~et .ha' L? death Iroui'ito?iciui;."'' Iwoir ':'ld ' appear fidmi':i pivateinfirmintioui, that an iinmeune .,quantity of gold, . , ii in the haiid*, oft,, ?hle, diggqers,; , Wdiliing oiny lo a,,p " roper:., meats.; , uf trausmasshon o ~V are r J infourmned . ;: Itht he:i place Jaitself is asiim. ing quite .llhe iipectof a town; thtru w h :' are two o uedical nien'residuet, lo ' 'sto anid supplsirsi abisudaucrt, with an imu men.e stioke of .business doing, Claims aresettled d disputes adj"s . ed tly a commiiieeu of aiers; a fellow -etrclod in horsesteaJling was tied up. fI g;ed and hodld4oif the ground, as n thfe ame vigiJance .is exercised over every kind (f;oisidemeanor,-Belfast Gazette. Wi ,au: add that Mr Ly, diard found a large qusatity of gold in the hands of i tire diggers' to tht amount of about one ton weight, Sea veral individuel partici had ai diuch u b0 pound ' waiilt."' Aud the average ol gold edobt aiin s thiee diggiungl .a about UUO;i? l'1 ek ly d, P. ,0. _Msaniac' .rTusvur.-aIn our notice of the meetintg ot' members of :;'i? . institution a'hstwelekwe tated that pllans ' for a. building sexpressly dalptedior it :. wrei under, onsiderationz. of the' cora. miutee, and, we nowr have to state- tha the plai of lr..,Matsiweon was that' unaUni.' miously preferred.aud adopted,: i-We .are now futthuier'. ttbled to giv ,a deiripitout of the bujldingi a.;repieeniled :y'y th drawings-andl ,irw;ichk'ltders are ree quested in our advertising columns. The cent e contains the mnain rooma o hall, fron ed I by- a--verapdab, - and entered?. throughla iobby, havingA Jirdei'sd ioonm on the ouqrniidse japd a asir a othe plt ' form on, s?ie oler. The room is to be ,.., 35 feet wi jded a-,Q: t .longi. divided: by a neae en, the oUter divisloa being o n'..oom,i. and' the inne: . for tue 8i 4 Ufi*r1, z; reading: room,.- and- , both LogetBt lb;9bpplieCd4,whe'equidre. for a m publiC, ,nM5lU iig, a'cooncert or.. lecture, 1ir Tjl:Bn , .providet.for an;u . extension .to70p fee,at,a future time, and' ' c for' a onstrtucion,i .the;, fndi' will not:.; admit oftileo.t. room toone o.f 3. feet , . quare. .in :.either side , ol the 'centrq . „. room is a lrits oom.l Ufeet by 122 feet one of them i te ,meantime to b used . * Siltoh libriarjansapartmieny.' but proviion i ils shbw ftor rvoi'e»expre*sly. for that pure , dse at one;nideof tiheu Irher end of the: uilding, and;for nmuiueumr'in a corresa poinding wrng, .projecting. on the other, . altogethr firmintg a symetrical arrange ment very luitablte for the purpote.' 2'no' ,ite also, alihougtl all .toou. nlde cf the town, and,,ill.to u appQrcn',in tbot piesent state of the .roadii In winter i one that will mark the. building ai one of a public litharactur, ald. wehaivo no. doubt it will becuome a.pleasureeble place.of resort for " owentalt amnusemton't., when- the sun and' tlhe road boardthelp tqnmakektie approacr» m)ore pleausant. :,he. recian style u·' aroliiteoctmre is ,.that followed .i th.r d•|ign» _ . .. .. . . PORTLAID "SIvasoet 'BAnrII.6-We ob- hnol ,serve by a notification in our, advertisinl tio .olumna" of- to-day that Mrs Townsend the Somerville, has. been, appointed' to the his ,ffice of Auditor of the Savings'Batik, in aft .the place of Mr. James Allison resignedI hp and also that the business of th?e Savyingi dej Bank will henceforth be conducted at the M [mmigration Oic'e;, and that th hoiirs of C? attendance are to be as follows, -yvz i to For receiving deposits on Wedeesda)i, eei from I till 2 o'clock, and on SatUrdays" p0o ,froms 6,til o'clockj.in 4he evening. And ri r for makingj epayments twe deposi:ors tin ly Tuesdays lromsI tJl:2 o'clo:k. " .We haii ·it been requested byh Mr Somerville to :de.t er sire that the depoeit:re whose _Pia do Books hsve eeen produced- to intfor se examination, as Auditor, will ples i.to atr call upon his aal to receive thb?pefosa jnl his hands.' am Acclour.--The mate of thie C 4y of Sydney tlt with an: aecident ow ' ?ard. i last Sa'u'dsay by ihcdLioiah h .uffi?iii p severe cuton.the-b head. While the ? all hor was' beingýigie ed~'trepatag yit 'TI the brig goingout, :the blck for hitslfrg" th the easeh0t ibn.gave way. and fell on the. head of the matee 'ioflicting a seivret t wound- 'lhe. coxswain:p.fthe-Hirbout , Master's crew, -alp, had ,his hand cst by mi, the fall of the block. ...The' aceide tdidi.-el agt, however, prevent the City of Syd. to eay from proceeding+ on her cours. to is Launaoestoln.' -'- . ' n+ii .Eect.aslt?reas m.. ?-'th 'Rev:. 1. Rol; ¶1 C:ergymat of the RtmenCatho io Chutch, n remove to anouther sphere of duty. The e Rev. Mr,. Parker, fri?i Geelong, s icceeds o Mr,. Hoe jt potiat P 'ii . 'Mr.'Prker has "?b' already arrived. and officiated in thie ?Cai bI tholic Church here yesterday.' Hitar o Auat?-rlsaias.A tVidnch paper t?ue "o traceste he enstiosesef a reader .of av rertise deats. The SI at ?serti;mnn:.h' donn. 't..de, it. The serenea i: rtild i" e ses :it b t do:i't read n it. The 'third' ineertion-he :reas ift. The' d funorth ise.tio;i-h-e looks at the, see. Thie. o ftah iklertiou-ehe. speak+ of it to" h.is ,wife i1 Tne sixth inseitioa-Shejis Wijtlin tbuy Tie:e seventh-he. ptreeeh ii ' CasBI FLAatA.-A singulas result off P cheap fares betweden Glasgow ansd Eadin; burgh was exempified leat we k, she?wn;a firm at the former city received. s:eaSideir able remittaice, by the hand?- ofa c? rk; whosetae,: firt class. was considerably.less thai the rcm uiass llrIbcharged byaujdnk., er..-London Pari. Ronsiai oi BANKx Noue. i,o, Ani os? tensive robbery has been effected in. thise counting lhtiie o:f'Mr I? Berentdorff;'47, Great Preicott stiet, Good?ihna 'fie?fs,; from where .the . ihieves carried o:+ff one; 501 Bank of England note,` flar e"i0 dittoi andsevenIlOl:d tto, a cheque onitheUnaiob Dank of London for £6, and a ,eheo;u o 0 Mlessrs Dixon atdo Co,,+fo11-is 9J ;i making a t?etl of 918. 15s 9d. i-London Paper. , :, .. ý.I L· Soq n BisrUvoscijAIwoa sO To StSt. -An.ai Ia tor once !i' lcar t e rle as obcrved, he wanseeted o" it o thiros, that the c?sitailiifias mrin eitd that is noble peers worde theirt ea n n"?il:.ree sence. Wijh-hisii truncii:heon t"is ilp*' he contrived'a:asgeC 'whispre%, ilsich 'said 'Take offyourcapie, you ara i-l the thpfe eneai of thekitg." r "5Aod'whet'olfthatm roaelld the.hig, reachig :. uckinghain, looking rouSndat the audience, and smack ing his ow?ncap tighter on hiscircumtspect head ; "what of that lI .1 giess wve,kul w nothi,'g of kingsain' thibiouitry.`', _the New Orleanera were it riptiur' ,, andi the king sat correcteid. INte on.ris FouarTf ' imrad:i .fie idea of wearing rings on the'foirthii nger of the left .hand;' because of a Siuppos d' artery there wh esa went to tiehear.h'i w: a carried so far-that, accordicng to leviniusa Leminus, this finger wa .cal.e4,Madicit.; ant the .old -pphysicians would 's ir up their medicaments and potions with:ir, be c ruse no v noun could stick upon the."ery . outmost pare of it but iwiill offend a mits and communicate, itself toihe b 'era i: t, is sa'd by Swiriburn aid oterh tht,i thl;e fore it been r;?s'th wed' it"iiei Thi' priesthood kept up t is idea by still keeping it ast:ewedJing finger" but it was got at' thruuih the use of the Trinity, for in the ancient ritual of- English maniiag es the ring was placed by the hOshtind a:on" the top of the thumb: of. the left hand, with the words,t'lan the Dame of the Fe ther;" liethben removred it = to tad 'fore' finger, saying, ?In the namie of the 8'oi,';" then, to toe itiddla linger, addinigi;C?.Ad"' of the IIoly Ghost , finally, hwJeft~s:l ,ii' now, on the fourtlbwilb the closidg wdtd' "''Amen.".+'- ., :s - . .. , i 