THE DREAMER AND THE WORKER, j By Richard II. Horne, 1 AUTHOR OP ' ORION,' &C.;, &C.;, I [This work, published in London a few years I siuce, in two volumes, first appeared in the successive numbers of 'Jerrold's Magazine,' where the production was acknowledged as Mr R. H. Home's, by the editor, iu very handsome terms. We chanced to pick up on- of the stray numbers of the magazine at an old book-stall the other day, and found it to contain two chapters in which subjects very interesting at tho present time were discussed, — especially the one bearing reference to the first Napoleon, and tho fatal old Tory war against France and the liberties of mankind. — Ed. A] Chapter I. TlIE l'OET AND THE MECHANIC— ARCHER'S ADVICE TO HARDING ON THE SKLF-EOUCATJOX OP A WORKING MAS. In the afternoon Archer went to visit Harding at the dockyard. [The' reader will quickly discover that Archer represeuts the dreamer, or abstract intellect, aud Harding the practical man of action.] Here Archer found many objects to arrest his attention and excite au interest. But in his admiration of the surprising works of the place, he did not pass lightly over, as it is so common to do, the men who were employed upon them. The more skilled among the workmen were especial objects of interest to liica, and chiefly, of course, his attention was fixed upon Hardiusr. Their meetins was most cordial, and a mutual pleasure. Archer ^ went again next day to see him, and invited -l him to come and take a walk in the evening ' with hitfl ou the ramparts, after ho left the 1 dockyard, which would bo at six o'clock. This ' proposal Harding gladly accepted. ( At the appointed time Archer repaired to : the ramparts. He saw Harding already '? walking there, dressed in a dark bine pilot 1 coat, buttoned close up, and a low-crowned I beaver hat, with a broad brim, and broad 1 silk band. He might havo been taken for the gunner, or carpenter of a man-of-war, ;- ashore on leave,' only that he walked steadily straight forward, and without the roll and lurch which characterise seamen. After some desultory conversation, Archer asked him if he adopted any plan for selfim provement. He said, uo— no regular plan, but that he read some of the cheap periodicals )f the time, such as ' Chambers' Miscellany of Useful and Entertaining Tracts,' 'Howitt's Journal,' ' The People's Journal,' ' The Mechanics' Magazine,' aud now and then a weekly newspaper ; and that he and two others subscribed for ' Punch,' which he finally kept as his own, by agreeing to have liim last. ' AU these are very good for you,' said Archer, ' but you ought .to do more for your self than this.' 'And sometimes 'Tales of Horror,' or tho 'Terrific Register,' continued Harding rather hesitatingly ; adding, in a deprecatory tone, 'one feels very dull and heavy after work, sometimes.' ' So you stir your mind up,' said Archer, laughing, ' with a horrible Newgato story, now and then, or the biographical remini scences of some ghost in a bloody sheet/ ' Ycry seldom, though ; and I believe, sir, it really is a waste 01 time. x-ut tne good things I get hold of in other works, though they add so much to my knowledge, do yet, at the same time, make me more -than ever aware of my ignorance. They continually refer to tilings concerning which I need help — or at least to be shown how I may learn to help myself.' ' Ah ! the self-education of a working mau', ? said Archer, ' is a very difficult undertaking ; partly from his want of sufficient time ; .partly from the want of means ; but more than all, for tho want of proper direction iu the employ ment of such time and such means as he really possesses.' . ' Perhans. Mr. Archer, you would be so kind as to give me your advice in this matter.' ' I shall most willingly do so ; and yet not without some apprehensions and demurs, lest, by any misdirection of the few hours you can obtain before the mechanical labors of the day commence, or after your day's work, I should do you tlie great injury of causing all these efforts without any adequate result. How ever, I will tell you what I consider the best courso for a working man to adopt in his arduous task of self-education.' ' I shall be very grateful to you, Mr. Archer. And, besides, I shall have more time for it in the winter quarter now approach ing, when we leave work in the dockyard at halt-past four o'clock.' ' Then you might very well work for your mind from six or seven o'clock to ten.' j ' Or eleven' or twelve o'clock sometimes.' ' Yes. Now, in the first place, I shall take it for granted, that the working man thoroughly knows his own business — is suffi ciently a master of the trade or handicraft by which he earns his bread. This being under stood — and I may fairly say this to a man like you, Harding, who are so masterly a hand iu all departments of your work — I would then ask you, and any mechanic like you, a question at which you will certainly smile. Do you ever read poetry ?' ' Not ofter, sir.' ' Will you tell me why not ? I have _ my own impressions of the reason, bnt am curious to hear yours.' ' Perhaps I have 110 imagination to viieet it with ?' 1 That would indeed be a final answer ; but that is not your case. Your mind is of course rather hard and matter of fact, like your daily work, but you havo enough imagination to comprehend poetry up to a certain point ; and | as to comprehend it is to enjoy it, I wish to know your reason for not reading it.' ' Well, sir — I find I either do not care for 1 it, — or else it is above me, and I do not un derstand it.' j ' This is just what I expected,' said Archer. ' But poetry was never intended for a work ing man, as I think ; neither do I know, sir, what to make of the opinion the worid entertains of poets and poetry. Hot and cold are blown upon them; and black and white are talked about them.' - ' Poetry aud poets,' replied Archer, ' are indeed in a most anomalous position in the minds of mankind. In the abstract, they are j treated with the highest admiration and re 1 gard ; practically and personally they are ! treated lightly, if not laughed at. Well, then, j that a poet should of all things in the world propose poetry as a fit study for a working ] man, would ensure a large amount of laughter from the majority of hearers. Imagine, therefore, this recommendation of mine to be made ; that- it is extremely laughed at ; and, as there comes an end'to merriment at some time or other, even when ut the expense ol visionaries and dreamers, let us now suppose that this laughter has at length ceased. 1 shall now perhaps be allowed to offer my reasons. — I consider, then, lhat after a work ing man is master of his handicraft or means of cxislcuce, what he most wants', is to get some beauty into his soul. His nature needs this, whether the man is aware of his want or not. As for all the sad realities, or the more ' common place events of actual life put into w.rse. I do not refer to any such things. They will do 110 good to a working man's I dormant or troubled spirit. They neither 1 rouse, nor soothe, nor elevate. He knows all the realities and common occurrences of his life too well already. What he needs is something that shall carry him out of himself, beyond the wretched or harsh and heavy cir cumstances that surround him — something that shall lift him up into au ethereal realm — a'brigliter world of ideas aud hopes— a new and heavenly region, such as he dreamed 0! when a child. What we dream of in childhood wo should, without neglecting needful reali ties, continue to dream as men, though con stantly ascending in the form and character of those dreams. This is poetry ; this is to get beauty into your soul, and help, aud in ward wing? for fresher life ; this is the true utilitarian poetry. As for practical poetry — shipwright's songs, weaver's songs, the me chanic's little warbler, verses for the million, poetry for the people— they will do nothing of any permanent utility, and, like Soyer's soup and poor man's plaistor-, tliey only Iceep out the wind, and fill -up an interval of time, so that a man may have a chance of life if ever a bright day should come. What I propose to you, is to seek the jright day by tho shortest cut — to hasten through the shady sweet-briar lanes into the iun-lit fields— and not to waste your time and lopes in walking through cockney suburbs, 'put into rhyme) and dusty tea-gardens by the side of a dyke, or through back streets and illeys full of brokers' shops, with all thoir musty-minded old furniture, and sentimental I pans and pipkins, under the misguided notion of mental improvement, and that these are things that come home to the hearts and souls of mankind. These things aro not tor poetry, and their versifiers are not poet*. Those who write doion to you, help to keep you down.' ' This is the only sort of poetry, as they call it, I ever see,' said Harding : ' I never cared much about it.' ' The less the better.' ' But I still do not understand, sir, what you recommend me to read in this way ; and [ also should like to ask you about some other things besides poetry.' ' Ah, I see you are a littlo alarmed about ' tlie poetry question. If you can get a day's holiday, and come and pass a few hours with me at my lodgings, I shall be very glad to give you all the assistance in my power.' ' I could havo a day to-morrow, Mr Archer, if that would suit you.' ' By all means ; yes, come to-morrow. You need not fear, but I have other things to recommend to your attention besides poetry. I should next recommend to you, to read modern history. That you may properly com prehend the political condition of your own country, some historical reading is indispensa ble. Difficulties, however, occur here, almost as great as tho.se which beset pocti'y.' ' At all events I can 'read the ' History of England,'' said Harding. 'I havo partly done so.' ' What I meant by difficulties,' said Archer, ' is the want of truthfulness and strict im partiality in the historians, and their want of public spirit and enlarged views. Their histories are nearly every one of them merely records of tlie great events of king's reigns as they relate to the kings and nobles, and rich men of the country, and the important foreign relations; but the great events relating to the people aro generally passed over with a slight remark, or with a false coloring. A true and complete history of England does not exist in I any single work.* As a proof of the condi- ] tion of history, let us take any great national events involving foreign countries, even in our own period — say in Spain or India — read the English account, then the French account, then the American account, and then read the comments made in Germany, or in Ireland — and what a romance does it all become I' ' But surely this is not the case with our own history of England — written here, in the coun try, with all the records of the facts to be found, locked up somewhere, I suppose, in colleges and museums. How could they ven ture to tell lies ?' ' Well now, Harding, for instance — you have heard of W at Ty ler V \- Yes.' 1 Just tell me all you know about him.' ' He was a blacksmith. He killed a tax gatherer, who was about to offer some gross violence to his 'daughter, with a blow of his hammer.' ' Go on.' ' And served him right.' ' Well, what next ?' ' After that, he became a rebel, and got a ferocious mob together, and went to meet the king. The king spoke very civilly to him ; but he made some insolent answer, and was knocked off 'his horse by the Lord Mayor of London, and killed somehow. . The rebels made a disturbance at this, but the mob soon dispersed.' ' A good rough sample,' replied Archer, ' of the general impression, conveyed by the English histories. But listen to the undis guised truth. Wat, the Tyler, did kill a tax collector, for offering a gross persoual offence to his daughter, under pretence of establishing a legal claim to an odious and oppressive tax. This private exasperation was the torch that set fire to the already inflammable mass of popular indignation ; and a great rebellion | was the result. It was headed by Wat Tyler. It was 110 mere mob— no vulgar riot ; it was ; a vast and undisciplined army — a rising of the people to the extent of a hundred thousand men. ? In the history written by Hume, they are called ' the common people.' and ' tho low people.' . This army of the people drove the tyrannical nobles and their retainers pell-mell beforo them, and com mitted many shocking excesses, as armies com monly do, .when mad with excitement. The king fled to the Tower for refuge, aud the people were masters of London. They pro posed terms to tho king — most reasonable terms — such as the ' abolition of slavery ; freedom of commerce in market towns, without tolls and imposts ; a fixed rent on lauds, instead of services duo to villenage,' &e.; The 'king agreed to all those terms, and signed the documents. Tho people thus obtained chaiters of privileges— and a free pardon, for the rebellion. Tho king then issued forth from his refuge. All was in a fair train for reconciliation, when the king * Mr R. EL Home's pre ?seat work was written be fore any of tlie recent histories of England ' had appeared. But are auy of these eompleta and satis- 1 factory ?— Eu. A, I with his suite met Wat Tyler, at ^he head of a body of his partizans in Smithfield, apparently by accident ; but this does not matter. Dur ing the parley, Wat Tyler said something which was construed iuto offence by tlie Lord Mayor (whose 'loyalty had been sharpened,' as Charles Knight tells us, by the insurgents having destroyed some of his private pro perty), upon which he suddenly stabbed Wat Tyler in tho throat. Tyler fell from his horse, aud was despatched by some of the king's fol owers. The surrounding people rose in fury t it this public assassination, but were checked t by the king riding forward among them, and I pacifying, them with bland words, .and other - royal hypocrisy, until his soldiers arrived in 1 great force. The people were immediately dispersed, aud a dreadful revenge was soon taken upon them. All the treaties and con- : tracts, and promises were broken by the king, without even a show of decent hesitation. The king announced this by proclamation ! Tho hangings iu chains, and beheadings were incessant. No less than one thousand five hundred of the people wero executed, !' ' Horrible t Ah, I see — Wat Tyler, then, was not a mere ignorant savage and rebel, but a working man at tho head of a great mass of people, demanding some justice and liberty.' ' And not more than they now possess. As for Wat Tyler's character, motives aud inteu tious, they are doubtful : there is no doubt about the king's.' ' I have forgotten to tell you that I have read some voyages and travels.' 'That is a very good thing to do occasion ally ; and I would also exhort you to take every opportunity of attending any lectures that may ba given at Mechauics' Institutes ou scientific subjects — particularly chemistry, mechanics, geology, physiology, and astro nomy. You would be the better prepared to understand these lectures, if you would first read any . simple and rudimentary treatise upon . such of these sciences as most excited and interested you. Mathematics end draw ing, particularly perspective drawing, and the drawing of geometrical figures, would surely be of more especial service to you. If you have a taste for music, you might very well do something 111 that way ; or it you nave an aptitude for languages, you would do well to study French, and chiefly with a view to speaking it, which might prove very useful t j j ou. All these things, and far more, have been done from time to time by working men like yourself. Be hopeful, therefore, and per severing, and in a few years you may do tho same, or something else as good.' 'lam afraid,' said Harding, 'considering t'ie time I can afford, that I cannot venture upon so many things.' ' I mean you only to choose those you feel most aptitude to study.' 'But what you say, sir, about history puzzles me, and' shakes all my faith in books. I never supposed that Wat Tyler had any r ight on his side.' ' This,' said Archer, ' is only one event out of the great historical ocean of unfaithfulness. .Let us taice anotnor tar wider range, vv nat is your impression of the objects of the French Revolution — of onr twenty years' war with Frauce — and tho chief cause- of Napoleon's downfall?' 'This is rather too much at once,' said Hardiug, with a smile, and shaking his head, ' I had rather not tackle it.' 'Just say what you think — as an English man.' ' Why then I think, of course, that England wa3 in tho right — and I say— down with all our enemies.' ' Y'eSj ye3, to be sure',' laughed Archer, and if you spoke the nsult of your national feel ings and opinions, derived from all you havo read, heard and fancied, you could say much more. Now, tell me.' ' I should say that the cause of the French Revolution was the determination of all thoso who had nothing, to possess themselves of the property of all those who had much ; and that the horrors of the Revolution were caused by the blood-tliirsty natures of the French peo ple, who were nearly all drunk or mad at tms . tifne.' 'Come, that is pretty well; and now for our twenty years' war.' ' Our twenty years' war with France, was , because Englaud was the champion of hu manity and good order, and a friend of the legitimate kings of France, whom the English were resolved, at all costs, to replace upon the throne which had been usurped by Napo leon.' ' The Corsican Monster ?' 'Yes. As for Napoleon himself, I think he was a great commander — very ambitious, and despotic, and cruel — yet in some respects a great man, too ; that he wotdd invade and make war with everybody, till tho French overran Europe, and were only stopped by England. The c.iuse of his fall .was the battle of Waterloo.' A -s Harding said tln3,Jie laughed with Archer, being well aware that it was but a very rough draft of so large a map of history and biography. 'Your answer,' said Archer,, 'is exactly what I anticipated. It speaks the opinions .and impressions of hundreds of thousands, nay, millions in this country — perhaps of the great 'majority of the middle and working classes, who have any notions at all upon the matter. Now, pray listen to the truth. Let us have our. roast beef, and have also some respect for reason and justice in speaking Of our neighbors.' ' Well, I cau'l forget I'm an Englishman; a'; the same time, I hope I can give fair play to the French.' ' Tho main object of the French Revolution,' proceeded Archer, ' was to obtain a Constitu tion. The slavery jind misery of the people had lasted for ages. The American Revolu tion, (which Franco aided), the writings of several great French authors, and a famine, all combined to arouse them to resistance. A weak government and an exhausted exchequer favored the attempt. They rose in rebellion : they took the Bastilo by storm : all thoir efforts were successful, and they obtained a constitution regularly agreed to, and settled by the King. A number of the princes of the blood, nobles, and great lauded proprietors, who were ruined by this popular movement, emigrated, the greater part of them coming to England — most unfortunately thus honored by their choice. Theso princes and nobles shortly began to intrigue with friends in France, and eventually with the King, with a view to their return, aud to bring abou.t ihe old state of things. The plot was discovered. The people rose in alarm and indignation* seized the King ; he was found guilty, and de capitated. The King's son (thfj Dauphin) was imprisoned, and died there ; but the King's brothers escaped. England having received most of the refugees, appears to have thought herself bound to espouse their cause ; — at any 1 rate, she espoused tho cause of legitimacy and divine right against the cause of constitutional liberty aud the people. I say, England did this; but let us place the full weight upon the right shoulders. It was not the act of the Euglish people, but of the English Tory government, ?the Prime Minister beiug Pitt. The war-cry was raised in the cause of king-ship and despot ism ; and Austria, Prussia, and Russia joined England, and their combined armies marched to tho French frontiers to place the; legitimate successor of tho decapitated King, upon the throne of France, restoring the f (tr ier order of things, in opposition to the C'oisti ution. The French people became furious at his interference and hostility ; they repulsed heir assailants, became ferociously suspicious -f all around them, and madly enacted the lorrors of the Rovolution.' ' But where was Napoleon at this time ? ' ' Napoleon now came into action as an irtillcry officer. The allied armies increased, xnd continued their attacks upon the. French frontier. The French continued to defend themselves ; Napoleonjrapidly rose to the first command, and was continually victorious. He drove the armies from tho frontier, and pur sued some of them into their own countries. He conquered Italy, Prussia, and Austria. He subjugated kings and emperors, and then made treaties of peace with them.' ' But will this account for all his invasions, and love of war ? ' ' No. Some of his invasions were with a view to enforce his Continental system, iu order ' to destroy the commerce of his great foe, England ; — he could not get at us in any other way so effectively, had his system suc ceeded. But there was 110 excuse for his inva sion of Egypt and St. Domingo. As the excitemeut of these wars continued, tho national mind of England naturally became inflamed against the French, and Napoleon had become fond of his horrid trade of war, which impelled him to his last disastrous attempt to enforce his Continental System upon Russia. He lost his enormous army ; reverses and ruin threatened him on all sides ; - and, accordingly, the emperors and kings whom he had subdued, all violated their treaties, and ugaiu allied themselves with England against him.' ' Was this tho TTuIv Allin.np.fi ? ' ' Yes ; you may well ask the question. This pious combination, supported throughout by the prodigal wealth of England, (created by the matchless industry and .skill of our tax burdened' people), and led on by the steady valor of our soldiers, accomplished the final overthrow of Napoleon, and placed a legiti mate Divine Right nonentity upon the French throne,- in dcfiance .of ? the people. The grand error ' of rNapoleon,; and] chief cause of his reverses, his ruin, and fall, was his desertion of the priuciples, 6f liberty and popular re presentation upon which he had risen. Not content with having made himself the greatest emperor of the earth, lie was yet anxious to ally himself with those who were born with crowns in their cradles, and to make his own sovereignty hereditary. . He fell, because, being the man of the people, who were de voted to him. he allied himself with the kine-a who feared and hated him.' ' And did England, besides fighting for all these things, pay for them also ?' ' She fought for them all, and paid for the greater part. First, she fought against the establishment of a Constitution in France, (the true principle of the French Revolution), aud the statistical estimate of the money we WAJJCUUCU 111 U Ll lib Will UUIil 1 1 UO tu Ullti peace ot Amiens in 1802, amounts to upwards of four hundred and sixty millions. If we .add to this the money borrowed to maintain this prodigality, and the interest upon this in thirty years, it will more than double tha sum I first mentioned. Next, our war to support the priucipje of Dinne Right aud French Legitimacy* against Napoleon, cost enormous sums, much above one thousand millions. Again we had to borrow money — . and again comes the interest upon the debt — I am afraid to say how much. The gross amount, however, of the expense to England far exceeded two thousand millions.' ' But what have we gained bv it ? We. as Englishmen, are willing to pay, a3 well as to fight, for any good to our country, or the world. What has been gained ?' ' Nothing. The ' Three Days ' in France defeated all the intended results, both in principle and practice. They restored the French Constitution, which had been sought by the French Revolution ; they destroyed then, and for ever, the principle of Divine Right and Legitimacy ; and they enabled the French people to choose their own king* Our monstrous national debt i& tho only result.' ' And the rest of the Holy Alliance ?' ' The only result to Russia, Austria, and Prussia, was the restoration to their legiti mate despots of their ancient despotisms unchecked, together with the power to re enslave Spain, Italy, and Poland, and to re instate a heap of petty German princes. The 'Three Days' iu Paris destroyed the prin ciple of all those wars with France. What a comment on physical force 1 The heroes of the ' Three Days ' had tho moral force of tha nation on their side : they were tho spiritual sous of the men who took the Bastile, and first obtained a Constitution.' - A long silence ensued. ? Well, Mr Archer,' said Harding, fetch ing a long breath, 'I am an Englishman-— —and you .aro an Englishman, for all that ; but it seems to me, somehow, that this is the hardest day's work I have ever had ! My head buzzes with it. A pretty sort of His tory of England will bo written some day 1' At this they both laughed, shook hands, and parted for the night. ' Come early to-morrow, yon know,' said Archer, turning round ; ' come as early aa you like. You shall have no inoro history.' (To be continued.) A Microscopic Marvel. — At a conversa zione, lately held at Apothecaries' Hall,- several microscopical inventions and improvements weni exhibited. Perhaps the most singula^ if v'jt the most important object of attraction. a curious piece of mechanism recently in*' an(j actually constructed by Mr, Pet«-~.3 t^e banker, for making microscopic copies 0f writing Tlii pencil written with was at the bottom of a vertical com^^ which CQuld ba 3Q adjusted that Upper end move(i through only °i'e . .'V ^usandth part of the space moved 1 °.'y the point of the pencil. The micro | scopii; COpy wag acratclied on glass with a dia-,. '-Jiond, and it was so minute as to require a powerful microscope to make it visible. Tha Lord's Prayer was by this means written on a space not larger than a pin-hold, yet the writing, was very clear ! Many of the visitors were allowed to write their names, and. the accuracy of the instrument was thus tested by the copies it made of tliu signatures in little. At a recent sale in Paris the 'Presentation of tbe Head of St. John the Baptiit,' by , Leonard^ de Yinci, fetched JEG00. 