Atli. WA'I'KIN'S .1LY?11,Y TO M1 ii. Vheo once state hal lven g iritroofs of Injnsticerapacity, pride, u ti llon, otr on ILretonstillrst of ru e ho, L?e comes ,n object'of lutliplclod to her nelgheurs, lh rl iu `llu" It Is Il stand n'lltelr nandld 'll?·ndlr hIcEt¢rhlL tnly r, UtollO ilt herdi Iittl neltell tohl5 .llue mt the otalll of u?tqllrlu, a fornlld lst?ooeluu of twaier mny demald ecuritlelsI lld, fshohelttalelsto glvre ithem, may prevoent her dellgonl by force of inns. VAlrr'ti Low of-Nstlles. Bloo Ord. Chapter. O3rd. hecttlo,14.,.. , .. , ,t ,. . . ,4 I, It Is still enasler to p'rbvo :that, Ihould that .formldable power betray an unjust aod ambitious dlispolltloll, . doln Ithe least jultolteo to ootheor, oall atlons ttmhy nrall thomlelves of the occlolno.andt, h p J?etlni the Injured orly, thu Tform n ooalltoll o strength, In order Io ulnlUnle that onlblllohui ollolateto, l Io dll nblo'hior from so ensll'r topiresofg hi s teiglhlmureo Id keeplig them.lll ltroLnttual uwe ad.feor. '. For tt lu lury givroes su a slht I to I1Lroride fo?our future safety by depriving' the unjust nggr?rsor of thb meatl of Injurling us; and It Islawful, aod reven prolsero?l,"h. to aslllt'UlooF Whis reopprelsed or ulJutllly attackel. -VAorst Low of tNUtoIs. Book 3rd. Chapter lrd. Bectlolln 4.. i ' : + . RIose Hill, Noembern 1b 5 tS. Ily Dear Slr,- It'hti n I ..ssete to your'tequest that tty *-- r hasty ntoe shoil naccompnsy ySlY r ellborate re py,'l rnrlellevly onltretetlollt tht.f05 mould dellly tih pl'tbihllntlul till lh(e I fill; lest the inllluence if your namo shillld prejudice the isuI ll tllllon to the.-lAtrioie ltnd. As youll hlld nsigned your tnwilllitnngess to check the, ilowUuf Jihetilty-nss youti 4'ttolso fur ot n titolglfrlig sit tihe le?tc nnil' iiftlfo'sethbect of }hd'tvris'ndi- tliokly to{ lose it'silteres'Ilt itepleod ponot'-3ur willinus complihnce with so rensonable a request. Ilut I oled lo.wns mtislkept. At whttevercost to the 'wvedddclire~l )o i those c ose o so lrintgs yqu sil pltolticolly deplore, you htve thastteld t declolrodllitT yell " will hlve Io 1rth11 is s rlitletbrlendi"' nod hiove ctharell, lint only me, out vnit mlntoljrity or your fello.eouutryomert, lt e lllnuiltoit le ommeonectingl nold solhortln on'ttijul?t hisi'tilneetssery wor, Ins retinth before God an It is destructive ofr tllutrlll?r lit? -rests or. Sia country .!'.- I -onss -byu tie epithets with which you have heoightenoed your. picttlre, anod h diunlnslenrllbvord'! d sllhgru a t ;-ue theN i u.~5, r!ctnd5ltjrriitd hSimipltyi oflll?t?itO~oii mn F'oi-d e iijlpesed.".' Such fl.wers'o. othil torteir merely tile dolrment rf your victim. 'I' these I Iny rtblhtgt Ibut to tole chsrgu or enomplilsty eii thelbninogditlluess uof an unjust war. I itdi t litt-llj reply. for sny country, not less than for inmyselI- oe U ller. o e . ... Your Indictsent ginst ytur cosuntry (fror it is site whlo is Ito greet criminal whom you or rignt, Itnasmucih us she, speaking by tle tiIonoes and from tlo Ilherlts or theo' vast notjtriy of hier sons,lll msanctiole s the war) is dirbwt with eslllstUlemoat kill. No crowni ' lttiycer ofathe most arbiltrry times of our ment arbitrary kingst euer ltuk more pains to Involve ?oltel notnoilus nldl vlaiol I Si sesIhteas of constructive tracnIe tihto- you Ithao etlplUyed to frstc n usltU your country lthe complicated gult orU hypocrisy, Ihl ulstice, ud uno cesrsry btoiudshed. - Nor did ever t well-'ed Old Iloiley proctitollner labor hbrder to save some s otorious,-oifenideor Irtln n deserved hoonginr, Ihan you tveo duneo, without it fe, Iu retresenlt the most nggresslve nllt wily montrch il tie world as an pattert or fair dcel. cIn and c lover of pence. iViihu, itl lswer to your assrioert or the wickedness of tlte war, I appealed tI the law of nsatious,,my nlpeal was to that code by whlichi the nationt uof Christeulotm have agreed to re giltate their anffiri, embodyltg the recoguised systom of nttlotol morality, to which statesmen would unnlnuutously refer, oanol Iy whtch they would judge. I referred Ios Vltel, lot aos the auttthor, but as the expotr of- that low ; to his book na one popularly known, and readily coln esitled; antl to hill decision, us being, on all Im portant poltts, Its accordance wilt those of tihe tighest utlhorities. 'leno, threrfore, . round Its Vattel passgells such as those I have placed. at the heod of this letter-so clear in st1tementt and so strong hi reason-so evidently hond e s-as nlg ltussia, and so fully jtestfylnm tile cotduct. of Englond auld trance, I flt that, atcordltng to the low or nations, the question waos settled. r 't'he cothlllued aggresshis orf he Cssr, belog universnlly ndmlited, It wtas lhe ubrious duty of all civlllsed nttions, ntd htd lntg beetn their duty, to repress his i arther dvanccs. - - G reot, therecisrei was iny surprise, wlesi you disclaimed the nuthority of the law of natlioos; but my surprise rose to. tstonlishtment t tlhe Ihlrdliuod of. your nsserltous, that this ow, ilicth is founuded ons the I ghost and purest mou rlly, us establishetl nd enpoultded by sotno of the ablest oad best of men, is. a "code .foull of confusion and costradictions, hnavig Irts fouut. daoui s on custom, snd not n highenr. morality, and on custom which' hass always been deter mlsted by the will of the stronest"--on assertion ss palpibly t01 arince with the fact, that I he sitoat whlother SIo ascribe It to wott of knowledge or wist of entldour -,but in which ceetorlly. nu Ott will Ilnd it possible to cuter who takes the sligRhtest ptan 0 Itoform himself o theo subject. 'Ihe law of nations partakes necessarily of that thnperfectiot whlcib.ntltochise.to t:1 humlnn scienoe; but it Is still olotetcou tlse foundatlots of which nre'loit in the ntuio enind- situatlton of mr, unit Ihe rceltiion of 'Individult anud cum munilies to eesh other. Iy this lau Ite war Is elearly justifble i butnot mos merely by this low. We maty safely inrdulgo you by quittning ?ii a timet Ito domith of pnlirve law, ttsd arcetding to prieltpl e.. Yosl refer-t ' higher morelity," but dou Isl atole wht-IS Is, or whehe its pirecelpts ore Its bu .ltotd; : , howlthe! hilghost morality, is,. custolncd i L?ntt low, of? ho, Gospeh t whichicoult. ttInnds us So .?do utIo olther as wuo.uulrl hlqyt shuuldo d lnlo us." 'This Is' he ?ute l r nlo. sleiss. Iot less tlthee fur -Illdiiduals. I ct cloliuL be fulfllted biy, etllr, uscult by'the ntilltttntotc ettjutllce and tiln leo U'rUctie o f umunsty. ,It re qires tlhe pulnistment ol' cerlme, the dfgo?ite ofr I.lese who are wttk ngnistl tlh itijustlcettf Ilte strollg, d111111 Ithe cmleett ."ptesill.. orf e'ery. Tlhing slhiCt'lsit Iotui tfsil orb inidvidntl or nt. lilali rilghtls. Is puItrsuane of this luty'JI?tlgL itand !tti r'aneete are nowcllngogetl I war, ''hp, prcelet-:woiie' culnmia~Ittirs tlte ' dtl?, :snlleliois alihd l -slliSwsl Ie.'prrrlnoteit ;'onllntd'tnetotr Is-lus clearly rIJl;u,?tletcrtdivtLhu-Ioe;hitihest -smuruliy ao It Is It' thie ltw of slntiohs., : , I -lthll mcreiy;i refer! ou:,tlhose parts ofy our lestter i.,wIilch, by-lott, -eclt-u ttlntll ltf p'trticu. tas, you vu auoets git-lu.dlstrntet,tLh ,ttilllpp si' gysur.rettders from the ire s quetlion, t lltcl is" Ite juStieIe ,ortiijui?es.ufr tLe war-;' :"i.tttt I cveur we maty liittk uoft Slu.Aitlhu ercn waro, otr f of the ctondtet of the Elngllsh ' tnissiryst rs thSi French lEttlterrr t - even ir we a.dopt your oti -niil, IItt the tollrlOuS neegoeittn whichi arose out of Iihe :lielllschikol dltuttds5?t ldoeumtpel.. ourselves to believe ithllt tle wily Autocral, 'o! miie aggresslve io peole thlus its war,"L000 itt; h ithe montsptsidl:',;or hlltowl Ipurposes, willing tlu.atccepl ISlltuUp ul-'lhe Isur~, 'upnrors..niod Io, save us from Ihe'; , terrible cyrlme',' inlte wiips weo. werelturricd.by tie 'tlurks, whlo u tdcttleSootldl diplsiescytt bftte?y oytr cltitp+o oitilt. better, Ilirtt wst1t-- ualitt gritit qoestleio renoilss, "unit toso betlo decided, its we tlve seen, by the law ui mnll-; Ritls tttd tile morality- nfy Ior Se' Gosdiel; bSts or tyliri enlljtlo upontos ite duty of resistlsg op pryessietu t ti restrainong Injustice. -' ?or'tuctret etit ol'. stqyt.I-tervuotttolu Igrot sIUt ot lyour allsseewst eri l t mwe ueye Iuot attacked, snd woe et 'ie?? iifutllfoIilLd itt noy wny," compll5s.i 0le to remlilt ytou Ithat the cosndlcit or Itlissia to-otrds hitei'ttir etd during ithe Juts twetcry yyeui rsh;l,;,'Imn Hrittkd lby So ssdcliso loet. alnlld Illillll;?ftllh Ihtiullin'but Ihc the L1tu weanUces:uf ou oUrlnel'LerLt n Its- beiti use from wslrt to. sailed.ostumntetila.liy.theldboluilou.logmuS of tlo I'ntce.flsciostytt.dul hbdgercd ooudld oliterbylthe sogRes-f; hie-;:'rtenylly,-oisf:,olttl :pyuhid.lahitl;'; ielultul, w, :u displuyed their ko'uwillgt ep' uri II ; meuic i t tlmtlU cqtcttelItIU s utlohe grtý'?t ttlve il? hliti b u1d n'ccfue S Sile tloiiole i'ro?o lit retducltion .''tour ml'ealss of delesnce to sumt tbso, else stttntdlrd-ItI he miiistry was emnseulti?di i nd {ois~iok ItiVtIlntggeel' lle I'ayorttde - palrt or t'he'w =urld*;' 3011(i+inlies 'dwr y 'r?nrll Or. whlich I+tihe seel or war. sllet stolpllet annd visitled tllr nc trllllllt vesscels. by foree, stuhjeclit?gtlhttItts Iso uil-Iel Iksleobtiins s nitblerlretcd :ittIsie lalhc"i lio'nl, byonioJutll sBilad Sto nccttulnhlt t the Cllirlilluncr'Ilthe river; whlclah e'dl ' d~bouud'bheir sell' bIy Iretly It keep oeen; ilch ut IllteOe ucts- WlitnU.tlltl'iicliUl of slse).t?i s ,iititS I oS.Ei-hi rulte; ald:,-tjsliihile grtounds of bostliltyt 'lItiey eslciud lcltioultitu the ttiIeItlt spirbte si.n;totl]. eC cl n1 en s.l ', irepl-rssiioi ' was ;tiuldopetIr rt tthhe lu ee t. t j t s SU p t ht e I se t i o t, ' del t i i lt tio?obi t rlllto :i.tU t ISe t illt Itt i-tl l lutf;.o i. I - JlliE "lotte tho- titikkSeLnt, ttnLtI ,iteIdI1h It+? Ihltsktf . hit- d ic~alU11P. Ill+ e aits -tl+ Ilne t rL't 'lutr, 50u iovil ,l1.·(l! ste o stt. Site iit15 tssttEll IItersulle iillll eiiht o it l ettt t t?tenldtshOfl lile e'aitte lsescrlpliilns ufo thu surfli1? unnroldobly n1 . ..... .... ....... F .... . i;.+ ti. o/iiii? ./ -t lendlalt tllon or, Iaie always a powerloll'ect,. an.thcy appeal to the most lnlllaho feelings of oll nature anld lave ,the grentlest influence on thie msll esltmable persons. You are aware of tills fact, and have made use of it in order to Increise ilae aversion which Is naturally felt to deeds of cruelty; and you eodeavor lu transfer as fir as possille, this feeling to those whom ,you nccle as the authors of the war. You lead your readers to the heights of Almn, t tthe field after the battle, and palnt in strong colors tile horrors of the scene. Your rhetotic Is clever nod elffective; but why, except for the purpose of criminating your country, did you connlle yourself to Alinn? Whly was not tile tnass:ere of Silopo depicted wvith equal force, except that it was the work of thie 'Car. and would have counteracted tle Im-. pressioi you wisllhed to produce ln his favor? In .all tills seillndld piece of rhetorical exaggera lion you liave acted as partilan of the moniarch wheose unholy ambition ihas been the real cause of thlie horrors yolt deplore1 and not of those only, balt iofll e liscceedlingl Irenels of fright. fulilslaghter whilch lilav uccrredi up to the tlloe at which 1 write. You should not stop at Almn, but add to tile horrors of that bttle-flell d tlie still greater hoirrors of Sebastopol aild llallc. lava. You should point to thell thousands of Russians and 'furks, of English anid freinch, lwho have fallen in the recent haltles, nud whose taorl and mutilated bodies appeal to the justicer of Ileuven aganist tie outlior ollf sIn drcealfl a .lcrifee, I believe with vot liit Ithe Ine far Stile Inquisitelii of blood" will cime; iutt oinl fiarll tlihat I sihufl Ielliee, its y ill , lllt the guilt of this "terrible crime" will lie imputed to us. W\e have takein up armsn in defence of the weak against a mighty oppressor-f-nr the secu rity ofuur own countlry, iall for the preserva lion ofliuse things whichl are, il our jlust esll inoalion, to be "prized above all price"-for liberty and its attendant blessings for civlilisation niid pllrogress, fur justice and for truth. ()Or lattle is far tiea welfare of the whole huitmln race : ndl our trust as ifn the rigtllleoisness of our catlse, nuid in' -lit aid whoi has called us to this glorious work. The guilt of ail the bloodshed and sful'ering, the misery and sorrow, tile broken hearts and desolated homes which must necessarily occon pany thiso awful contest, will lie atit his door whose crimes have rendered it iecessary; andi upon those who have aided and abetted him lit his unholy course. Upon the mercetiary leaders who have sold themselves to lead his ignorant serfs; but yet more heavily upon those pervert. era of truth and right, tilhe nlprtinclpled dlplo mtatlc sophists, who have supplied preltets and lying evasions, to glaze over thil enormlties of his unprincipled aggressiaons. If there be deeper Ilye of complicity, It Is, in my conlscientious opitlon, tllat of the malt who, belh tghee cltlen of a free couiitry and a inenober of her legislalurc-cllioing to be an ardent lover of liberty, ofknowledge, of pro gressa,.nd the .general welfroe of mankind from some u tnnccou nable wronghdenedness, pros titutes thie ahllity which was given him for the noblest plrposos, to become the npologist of one of tile iost flagitious despots wihose existence ever cursed the earth. To such a man we ilmay warrantally apply the words you have employed l and tell him that *' his utmost generolsity to the widows and orphans of our brave soldiers will, iI our opinion, make but n wretched return for the misery he fins assisted to bring upon hun dreds of families." When I think of ihose brave mand devoted men who have fallen so heroically at thubidding of their country, I am not ashamed to confess that my eyes fill with Involuntary tears of min gled admirntion and sorrow. I admire their ga)hnmtry, I mourn for their loss, but I do not pity them for the mantner of their death ; for no man canbtean objectol pity,erbheaccouated "mi. serable," wliho dies in the peorflnance of his dutly. T'he memory of those true sons of this great country will be embalmed In her. grateful remembrance, and held up to thlie emulation of succeeding times. Impartial history will testify, to their unrivalled valour, and account them wqrthy of their ancestors, by whom our liberties were won in many a bloody field It is Imipos ilbhe not to exult in thie valour of our country. menl, or to avoid feeling of conlitempt for those twine, from whatever motive, would seek to lessen Its merit, or to deprive it of anly iportion of the admiratio it so entlirely deserves. Stlil., rvil tell me, with i crowd of depreciating epithets-which, by the way, you are rather too apt to ute towards your opponents--that "our live for civllisation is a slam." our " socrilees fromnt freedom a pitiful imposture, and ulr whole Eosncrul policy Is based on a fulse foundation. Ibecause we nin at the perpIetui itI uintennncUee of the illoslitnmural cuitd iily of till despotisms" -that of lTurkey. hen you wrote this lobl sive chliarcter of the governmellt of the Sultan, it is clearthitll you dhl uot relnenber the exust. iieof ih despotism iif L(oslla,. lt I caniltr .illow you to forget either its existence or its bharcter. Calll to mind its history' fromt tihe. titne of thit elnergetlic savage, L'eter I., Io wioii the epithet of "'great" wa alisilied by the pliloso i lie parsie tle e itifaneitl(is CathlarneO; re. cllleet is bIeasltly drunikellless, hlls grislll Ii elgntiousliess. Ilis devilish cruelties remtember that lie Is charged aith thie murdler of his ouw slon; ind that, i foundiig St. Peterlsburg, he inoiiolatlel nearly 1l10,000 of his unhappy sub jec!t. The two women, his immediuate succes. sors, were feeble copies of his colnduct ; and thllen cale thile blood stained ianId bandoned Catherine, ile grandmother, I believe, of tile preslent autocrat; thue cretluro whom BJlyron has "dulned to everlasting fame," inl a well knowntI lille III his" Donl Juau." 'robably there never exisied upon earth n despoltistt more emtlliticallly itmvural, cruel and flltliy lltha thlat of Rtussit,. It is it libel ion the Sultan atnd his subjects to comlpare his govern Inenl wills that of the house of itilialnoflt But even if it were possible to admlit that the one despotism was as bad as the other, what then ? It would still be true that we were fightlog for civilisation uand liberty.it l itaialutling the rule of the Sultan in preferenle to that of his liva. der.. 'iTurkey is no longer all aggressive power; site nttacks no one, and desires onlly to repiose. Of liher town accord, she hlas endeavored ti, ialed her nstitullions, andil to satisfy the just wishes of her Chiristian subjects. In her hands the capital of Conslanlille uand the polssession of the Strails are no subject of alarm in the Ultions Tif the West. I'hey will derive beneflt from lier ianprovemtent, and imay carry on a benelicial coimmerce witl the subjects Ff lier extensive and f rllle territories, 'The very reverse of til lhs lit'true of ltussian. If that dominceeritgolld ili tilient power were sented ai CUnstantinople. i ti e, lhtl pos?eusion of the seapuris entl islandls iow belonginglii lit 'Turkey, instant imarm woulld seize upont all Chrilleindoml, Il inlstallnt td Immense prelparations would have to be rmade anld kept ifln tu iteet all expected irruption of barbarilans illto.le heart of Europe. The expenses of peace would exceed those of war, and a con. tinued state of anxiely and apprehension would have to lie Ipurchased by an ilmmese outlay, and wit ,'lt commerce restricted by all the artifices of iRutssians comiiitlll ion, ever watchful and ever uiigciupoulous. The termitatiol of this state of flungs would be ar., at such a time as uihted sIte ciiveitenceof [ltssia-aid war not "three tlloulsailid miles away," but oil liur own shores, siltl tule adjicent seas I'rllobi.ily, single Isutleild,but certainly ;nailer till the diudvan tiiges.ti which the imiiensely-iincereased lilower of lttlnrsi, irililg out tf our hintIl supineness, would hlve subjected us. t; I mesl stop here ; not became I have said ill tllat I intended (fior mInlly thiUgs remasin tfo which I tnly hleretlfer illlverl), but beeaulse itle Inresce, ll itt l ir Iitliger. I'erlaips letter eill tie Iioghii io be aireudy It1s Illlig; bit I cp?lld hot llaluke it shllrterllnless I hlal bien tiable I, devotne mlre time to its canlsllitilionI alnl cur reeiltu. l elieve le, mily dear Sir, Sinlcerely yurs, I h . si i ta . 