LANGUAGE has been beautifully callcd the dress of thought. Dress, however, in the quality, and of the material, the way it is put on, &c.;, is an index of the refinement and good taste of the wearer. The design of dress is to ornament the person, to add gaud is well as beauty to nature,—not to muffle up, so as to conceal, the graces nature designed— the traces of her work. With nations sunk in barbarism, or merely in the transition state, the dress of the body, as well as " tlie dress ot of thought," partakes of " barbaric pearl and gold." The King of Musquito decorates his sable lineaments with " forty pounds weight cf gol 1" The "Golden Feet" of Ava is powdered every morning with diamond dust. The orations of Indian villages are so absurdly metaphorical in Council, that they are incomprehensible. "To every general rule," according (o the wise, there is an "exception." The Simia proportions of the Monarch of Mosquito are at times apparent. The veil is sometimes raised from the Golden Pect, and even Uncasor Dogan will speak so as to be understood. In the House we have frequently a glimpse of truth. The redundancy of words that swathe the incatiiug of Honourable Members is sometimes stripped off, and we see the dry lineaments of the meaning. Through the ghastly speechifying of Wednesday evening, wo had an evidence of thi.'. After all the farrago of the Member for Richmond was analysed, one plain fact was discovered as tile substratum.—that was " that however willing certain members might be to get back to the House, in the event of a new !• taction, lie (Mr. Gregson) did not think they had a chance." And why have they not a chance ? I Why should the " fearless and uncom- promising'' hav c a doubt of the " Jo triumphe" with which an enthusiastic constituency will re-elect them ? Have not their prosy debates on the " Privilege question" embalmed them in the recollection of a grateful country? Have not their " points of order, their motions, and fixicolity argued that they were Colberts, Neckers, or " Poor old Gobbet's ?" Has not their " legal knowledge"—that knowledge that blazed like a sun athwart the farthing-candle of the Judges and Attorney-General — have not they cried " IMPOSSIBLE" to such a fear as that entertained by Mr Gregson ? " Murder will out." It seems the Catoes and Urutus of our Council expect neither loss or more than their prototypes. Cato struggled bravely for his country, but the point of his own sword driven into his bowels was his reward. So with poor Brutus,—he was a patriot,—in a fit of sublime virtue lie stabbed the enslaver of ME country, but the battle of Pharsalip was to him, what, ire believe, a new election will be to some of our Tasmania patriots. ]f the "Fearless and uucompromising" arc not re-elected, who will " thrust them from their seats ?"' Are ' the dear people" so blind to the past services of their champions that they will elect Messrs. Hoi I is and Co. in the room and stead of Messrs Gregson & Co We think the old firm is bankrupt, or at least that it will have to call a meeting of creditom and moderately suggest—that as " times are bad, and money is tight," especially for those sort of "slops" that are vended by seedy patriots, they are prepared to pay afartbing in the pound, and have their money registered in Schedule D." This course of proceedings would save a world of trouble. Had Gortschakoff adopted this plan, instead of defending the Malakoff and Redan, he wonld have ireserved his army for future campaigns, 'he Ross, bewerer, was obstinate, and and stood the " tog of war tj the last." This behaviour of the Muscovite should tcach wisdom to our Political Campaigners. If Messrs Gregson and Co. are so sure ot defeat—if the Ghost of Caesar appears to the Modem Brutus, to forwarn him of Phillippi, we would advise him, like Polemon, to pluck the garland from his head and return to the sweets of rustic life—Like Horace to his sabine farmer or Cinciauatus to the plough. "What, ail my pretty ones, did you say all?" The cry of Macduff is no bad exponent of the feelings of Hon. Members, when all will hare to go out and never to return. 