D O ME S TI C. 1 N T E L L-l G h N C K. IPSWICH. fFrom our Conespondent.J TIIBRB have been large arrivals of wool this week, And from the clearing up of the weather, wo an- ticipate the immediate ai rival of a great number of tiraos, loaded with wool and shttepskins. The*, stimulated activity of trnde during tho nice week; bas gi».en place to a sudden depression, the Brisbane Races and Assizes-having in some measure draine«! the town of inhabitants. £ have been, furnished with particulars of R. P. Whitehonse's^alo atthe,Ipswieh auction,of which I will extract a few items, some-of tthiolimay be interesting to spaculutors.-Iñno Hamburg pork, £7(; old potatoes, superior quality, £18 ; electro- plated goods, vin., cruet stands, fair "quality, 28s. each ; toa and coffee sets, do, £4 10s. per set ; guns, (1 and 2 barrels) ateraged £3 each ; writ- ing desks, with secret drawers, -50s. ¡each. A great varietyof rausicaliiistrunionts, os accordéon», nutinas, &c;, and other fancy goods, fetched good priées. The fact of those particular musical instruments fetching even tolerable prices, suggests a lomark respecting tho musical tastes ot tho community. There are some thousands of musical instruments in this town and its immediate vicinity, which could not, a few jears ago, it -tradition is io bo credited, boast a Jew's harp. There may be some hundreds of trained toices also, lor aught I kuow, and if not there are persons iu the town highly competent to teach either vocal or instrumental music. There is a general, though feebly de- veloped, wish for tho enjoyment of music. Not- withstanding, there is not, on tho other hand, the ghost of a choiul or orchestral society iu tho whole place, Whereby it is very certain that there, is a something for somebody to do iu this matter. flour still brings high prices ; in many instan- ces, as ,mueh as £45 a ton. It is to bo hoped that this' article will, in the course of a low weeks, recede to a'much lower quotation. Bottled units', pickles, sardines, «te, have au, uptraid tendency. Potatoes, until the last week or two, have been exceedingly scarce, and very high prices obtained. But the quotations must shortly decline, the sup- ply being very much greater, and large shipments daily expected. In my report of Air. Stewart's case, the name of '.John Clune" was substituted for that ot " W. H. Collard," the person upon whom the assault was committed Ipswich, May 23ro, 1855, WARWICK The following correspondance has been handed to us fo'- publication : To Mr WlMaraDeulson, Govcrnor-Goneral of all Her lliijesiy's Austin! an 1'osbosslons, &c;, ¿Lo , A.c May It plena« jour Excellency Wo tue inhabitants oí Warwick auil adjacent District« nre fin xloua to offer our wui'iiçst congratulations ou your Excellency 's accession to thu Government of Xuw South Wales Wu louder to j our Excellency, us the ïîepresentutito of our Jtbbt Gracious Sotereign, our han»a¿", and as- sure j in of our duvotej loyalty and att- icliuitat lo the c¿uou i uud i'hrono ol brent llutuin. We-hull with much gratification jour Eïcèlbncy'j appointment, as intuiUenlu>g, Hei Majesty's »oUut.jito for the won ire of (hu, vast uad important, colony. We wiall iuo»t rcupecifutly to oxprejs our w.trmost de- sire that y ou ti ill honour tho northern 'Dfslnets with a tisit, fuetiug mitlfü a that the nost auspicioiu results would «riso from your Lxcellency'B personal observation of thoir condition uu4 n^peetivc iniuroits. Signed, on behalf of tho iownship and Districts JOII>' DOUGLASS, J.!'. ¿ce., &c;\, ¿¿c, -To John Douglass, K^., Gilbert DivIUou, Esq.-, autl tho Oeutlumcu signing the- AddrcHS. OKNILBUB*.-I tlmnk you for your congratulations on my assumption of tim Ooremmunt of Kow Huutb Wales, and for your i-xprcBsion of dovoted attachmout to Clio Quaon and Thron« of G rest Hiltnin. -My bust o'xortioua shall not lit! wanting to promotu the welfare of-thln important colony. It ÍH my iiitoution to take un curly opportunity to visit'tho íforthero üiatricls.-and to ranko lnysulf puräon ally acquainted with tho -wauts and wishes of the In nabltuuUf. (Signed) Govcrmnont Houao, Sydney, 17th April, 1855. W. DHU! OX. BRISBANE HOSPITAL. WE have been raincstcd by the Secretary of th o brisbane Hospital to publish the following cor reapoudonce : TO TUB COMMITTEE Or TUK BRISBANE «OS lHTAU GHNf LHMBN,-I trust that the Invalid Bath chair, I Ecnd for tho use of Invalids who require exorcise and air, will 1>J found of service. , , ; «,[» . I have the honour to bo v > " ' Geutlumen Your obedient burvant, II. STUAJtT ItUoSKLIV, Brisbane Hospital, 24th May, 1S55,, Sis,-1! am ronuestod, by tho Committeo of tho Brisba c Hospital to ueleuowlodga receipt of your letter of tho 21st iustaut, toguthor with the invalid Hath chair alluded, to, aud I am to offer you the very »iucoru thanks of the Committee for your handsomo and acceptable present. I have tho honour to be &ir;, Your obedient ¿crvant, WILLIAM WILKES. Secretary. To HENRY STUART RUSSELL ESQ. M.L.C. FLOODS IN THE INTERIOR. LOSS OF LIFE. WE deeply regret to announce that advices from the western and northern interior inform us of heavy floods having occured, which have caused a melancholy loss of life, even so far as is yet as- certained. On the 7th instsnt Charles Houghton, Esq. J.P., 0f the Burnett district and Port Curtis, was ac- cideutly drowned while attempting to ride his horse across "Humphries Creek," near Mr. Humphries' station, a few miles from Gayndah. The unfortunate gentleman had left Gayndah to meet his drays, being accompanied by a black- boy. On arriving at the Creek, the black boy, named "Billy,'" proceded Mr. Houghton, and passed over by a narrow ford of shallow water, where the creek is dry excepting in times of flood. Immediately to the right of this, however, is a lagoon, which now that the creek was flooded was not distinguishable. Mr. Houghton must have kept too much to the right of the ford, for the black boy heard a cry of "Billy," and on turning round saw nothing but his master's whip handle above the flooded lagoon. He imme- diately dived, and caught hold of the bridle of the horse, who must have been in some way entangled at the bottom of the water. When he pulled the bridle round the animal rose to the surface, and swam ashore safely ; but the body of the unfortunate Mr. Houghton could not then be found. It was not until the 11th, four days after, that the corpse was found and then the cause of the deceased's sudden death was discovered, in a cut across the forehead, and other injuries evidently resulting from a kick from the horse, who in its struggles had no doubt stunned its master, and rendered him incapable of any effort to save himself. The body was conveyed to Mr. Humphries' station, and there interred, amidst the deep and tearful sympathy of all who had known the deceased. W. H. Walsh, Esq J.P., and Arthur Brown Esq., acted as pall bearers on the melancholy occasion, and the funeral service was read by Mr. Humphries, Esq., who was deeply and painfully affected. At the township of Gayndah the flood in the creek rose so high that it inundated the low ground at the back of the town, and threatened to swamp the township itself. The inhabitants, men, women, and children, removed to the Gayn- dah mountain, and remained there two days, but no serious casualty had occurred. There had been no mail for three weeks, the mailman being una- ble to cross the Baramba at Mundure. On the same day, that poor Mr. Houghton was drowned, two men, one a European and the other a Eurasian, were drowned in crossing a Creek at Mr. Eliott's station, Aranbanga, in the same dis- trict? A constable who had been despatched on some special service, was swimming his horse over u creek near Mr. Bouverie'» station, when he became alarmed, and abandoned the animal, clinging to the branch of a tree in the creek, and climbing into the tree. The horse swam ashore, but the constable, who had stripped^ him- self before taking to the creek, remained in the tree for thirty-six hours before he was rescued. From the westward we leal n that a half caste boy, who"had been sentón a message from Co raûga to Myall Creek, with some way-bills for bullock driveis, was seen by the inhabitants of the village there to ride his horse into the Creek, when horse and rider immediately disappeared, and neither had been discovered up to tho date of our information. We are also informed that three men of Mr. T. do Laoy Moffut's were drott ned in Frazer's Creek, and that his brother had but a narrow escape with hisdifcat the same time. ACCIDEXT.-An accident of a dangerous nature occurred this week to a man named MooJy, in the South Bri«bine suburbs. He was telling limb -r, and looking up at some falling trees that had been burnt, when one of them foil upon him, breaking his right lcj, severing 0110 finger from his left hand, and very much bruising the rest ol' the hand. It_ was a providential cimumstanoo that ho was 110% crushed. Dr. Bell was sent for and gave every attention. Tho wounded man is progressing favourably, and it tt ill not be neces- sary to amputate the leg. fiitA.vca POST OFFICES -Considering tho very great increase in population and extent which Brisbane has witnessed during the last ton years, it appears highly expedient that greater facilities should bo afforded for the posting and receipt of letters than were in existence ten years ago. Beyond the appointment of a letter carrier, how- ever, tvhose walks are confined to the immediate township, we do not observe, any improvement. In the direction of South Brisbane, Kangaroo Point, and the North-eastern suburbs, commonly called Fortitude Vulloy, much incontenienco must be felt by reason~of the necessity of sending or carrying .of letters so far as to the central post office at North Brisbane. At each of the places we have mentioned there should be a box for the receipt and delivery of letters--letters placed therein being despatched to the central ollie» twice a day. In the case of letters for town delivery alone, we feel assured that there would at once be a sufliceiit increase of business to cover the increased exponse ; but in any cu3o it must bo evident that public convenience would be con- sulted by this arrangmont, and it is to be hoped that the _ Post Master and the Government Ke sident will turn some attention to the matter No doubt, storekeepers or others of sufficient trust and respectability could be found to koop the letter-boxes at eaoh place, for a trifling remuner- ation. BRISIIANB CIRCUIT COURT.-The Court will open at nino o'clock this morning, before hi. Honour the Chief Justice. «? TUB QUKEN'S BIRTH D.W.-Thursday last was the birth-day of Queen Viotoiia, when her Majesty completed her thirty-sixth year. AU the shops in Brisbano were closed, with'a few insignificant ex- ceptions, and the townspeople genei- ullj made holt day. From many of the houses flags were flying ; anti altogether thcie was indication of much loyal feeling. The usual distribution of blankets to the aboriginal natives took pluce ut the Court Houso. The recipients tvero loss in number tiwi on any former occasion for some jears past. In the even- ing bonfires and fiietvorks cnliteitod the town in tarions places, and the day ended, if not v.ith much nn^isemenr, with considerable festivity. M:t. COOLING'S CONCERTS.-The" gentlemen engngod by Mr. Cooling for his concerts,as ad vortised, have arrived by the Warratah, and the first concert will bo given «at the' School of Aits on Monday evening next. TUB RACKS.-The Brisbane Races aro an- nounced for nett iicok,'and horses and men havo boen in training for tho oce.sion ; but it is likely that the business of the Circuit Court «ill pre- vent many persons who H ou Id desire it from par-" ticipating in tho pleasures of tho futf. It would be desirable to pos'pone the races, t'ieiefore, ns the Chief Justice is not likely tu postpone the Court -business. 