THE COURIER. WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON. AUGUST 22. distant (t tyvasiptvt,:>?? as.- , CONSTITUTION DEBATES. THE country must have perused with interest the discussion which took place last week in the Council relative to the New Constitution. The Attorney-General's remark, that, in his opinion, the New Act would not give Responsible Government to the country was manifestly absurd. The learned gentleman, upon being questioned, could assign no better reason for the observation, than that as the chief minister could not under the law be compelled to sit in the Legislature, he need not be answerable to it, and that the only way -in' which the presence of that officer ^^M_d Be insured would be through nomination '''* by the Governor to a seat. Such an assertion, childish and unfounded as it is, can carry with it no freight whatever in anybody's estima- tion. First, there is no reason to doubt but that any candidate known to be in the Governor's confidence will readily obtain an elec 75 five seat in the Assembly: If such a person, \- M-fossessing the confidence of the Executive, fees to be returned, M one of the people's representatives) this drewtnstanee would he * eovehmveprinwfaci* fragment of fate unfit next to conduct IntfExeculfve business of the country. If no constituency will elect mair wbxmrtaey anticipate will be designated by the Governor as Colonial Secretary or Attor- ney General, this person cannot fill the office. He will be, in fact, from the moment that the elections terminal, ipso facto discharged from the holding of office, and will retire upon the provision afforded by Scbed'dc D. But as the Attorney-General must be sensible, this is in the highest degree unlikely. It is not to he doubted but that not a few districts will be quite willing to stamp these gentlemen with the seal of effectiveness, in order to give them a fair chance and opening for the upright and faithful discharge of their duties. One thing all must know, and make their arrangements accordingly, namely, that the power of the State will vest in the Parliament. No business can be transacted, no function of Government hereafter done, except by such Executive officers as may possess its care and confidence, and who are prepared to stand or fall by the decision of its majorities. Dr. Crooke has once or twice of late made a nonsensical remark that the Constitution is " utterly wanting in every element that should render it worth acceptance." What can this troublesome man possibly mean ? What can he want more than what we have got, and shall presently get? If, to have a Parliament entirely elected by the people is nothing-if Responsible Government in the most ample sense is nothing-if a full and free control over the land as well as over the ordinary revenue is nothing if the complete command of the purse- strings of the colony, and the absolute sway over its departments, is nothing, what does this clap-trap patriot designate as being something t There is not a grain of sense in many bushels of Dr. Crooke's chaff, and especially of his chaff about the Constitution. With painful attention we have taken the trouble to look for his substantive objections to the New Act, and have failed to discern one scintilla of reason- ing, or the ghost of an argument, in anything he has inflicted upon the House relative to the New Parliament. We cordially concur in the amendment proposed and carried by Mr. Chapman, whereby a Select Committee to prepare the draft of the Electoral Act is constituted. This resolution of the House of course will have the effect of finally disposing of Mr. Clerke's motion for adjournment, and the relegation of the Estimates till the New Constitution is assembled. We feel strongly that it is impossible, with any thing like due attention to the wants of the public service, to put off the finance question to such a distant day It is unfair to every party in the Government itself, to the functionaries of the country, and, moreover, is quite needless and inexpedient. No doubt, in the present condition of the revenue, there is a barge deficiency to be provided for. But the extended Council, if it is good for any thing at all, is good to consider this point among other important matters. The people who in the existing Council elected twenty four out of thirty-six of its members can command a majority at present, if their representatives think it necessary to protest against any improper financial course being pursued. Besides, we coincide with those members who asserted the impossibility of the new Houses being got together in time to provide for the many wants of 1856. There is the Census to be taken, the Electoral Bill to be very carefully discussed, the Master and Servants' Act to consider, and pass into law, the all important and pressing topic of Bounty Emigration to debate upon and provide for. Further than this, we protest against the indecent and dangerous haste with which a new heterogeneous body, unbroken (so to speak) to harness, and ignorant of forms and usages, would be hurried into a money discussion, involving the most important questions of retrenchment and additional taxation. The part of wisdom is that wisely adopted by the majority of the House. 'Let the Estimates be carefully and duly brought into the present Council in the face of the country, and before the calmness of the political atmosphere shall have been invaded by the din and turmoil of a general election. Justice by this means stands a far better chance of being satisfied than could possibly be expected if the finance question was deferred to a re- motor season. We hope, therefore, that the decision whereby Mr. Clerke'«"/ motion was thrown out will be sufficient, and that we shall hear no more of deferring the Estimates to a time which is likely to be January or even February in the ensuing year. 