FRANCE. (From' the lomoing Chronicle's, Correspon dence.) Paris,, Sunday Evening. The repeated successes of the last week, when each day has brought the news of a victory, or ol some serious loss inflicted on the enemy, have put us all here in the highest :splrits. A private telegraphic de spatch from Vienna communicates the pleasing infirmation--how obtained the telegraph must answer-that Princo Gorts chakoff has made up Ills mind to give the allies battle in the open field. I do not like to say with how much contempt tils way of reversing tile state of things is treated here. Certain it is, however, that the 'Parisiant military authorities look on the Russian prospects as desperate when they are driven even to contemplate such an, operation. Our excellent ally the King of Sardinia Is about to visit both Paris anmd London, by the advice of his physicians, to distract his attention. from' his -recent heavy domestic ainlictions. -Ils Majesty will be attended by his principal minister, iM. Cavour. The regency, during his absence, will be confided to his Royal Highness the Prince Eugene of Cariguano. (From the Times C.rrespondence.) ' Paris, Sunday, June 10, 6 p.m. On more than one previous occanlon I ventured to expresss tihe opinion that the best negotiators engnied In the discussion o( the Eastern question, and those who ha:ve the best chance of arriving at a satis. factory solution, were not t Vionna, but In the Crimea, and that the most effectual missives were not Iotes, manifestoes, or protocols, but shell and cannon ball. The Gordian knot which our statesmen have been so long spoellig their fingers in trying to undo remalis after all to be severed by the sword. Generals Fel?sler and Raglan 114v0 -ipttatb-a81tihi p?ell Ri'ta?,ri hoIttal th' ctbnferoe obe tero Bebalntosloll proceeds ltth most apld stHldesl, ind tl e, events of tlo llast few days near thI Quarantlno forts, thel Masmolon Vert, the Tower of Malakhoff. and the Careening Bay, promote the work ot peace more surely and quleklly than "nll the taleots" of tho tapis eart of.Vienna It is open to doubt whether Lord-J. Russell, M. Drouyn do Lhlys, or M. do Buol could have settled the dillltilt qestllon of tile etire olmeuns so `satisfactorily for us, and so completely for all partles, as Sir E. Lyoaa and Admiral Brunt have done. Vatal and Puffendorlf have seldom been more clearly commented upon than at Keritch, Yeniikale, anld Arbat. The co ference at Vielna hasi at lIst given up the ghost The re Jactlon of the "third poiit' was Its dTath blow, and since then It has dragged out a painful and brief existence, hellied alonx, as it were, on the crutclles of tlltimatumls. Austrla noted as the principal Imcdic:a adviser of the Inllresting invnlil, anld sus t tined it for some time with slops snld pills in the slhape of proposithmns, protooels notes, counter.tnotus, and such other mledi camuetls e are found in thie diplomatic phlrmaicopmni. When the cotnference had reached the last stage a desplerate ittemlpt was made to prolong its existence by meras of i drug of the most potent kind, and oni which great hopes were founded. The patient's strength was not equal to support tile effects of the ulmat aluiu.ti. The terrible superlative was administered in vain, and tile conferece of Vleniun drew its last bhenth to the thlnder of the cannoit of Keiteh. The English deputation was presented to-day by .eord Cowley to the Emperor. Tihe Lord Mayor and the othier memnbes, dressed In their robes of ofice, were re ceived in one of the state halls of the Tull eries. His IMiJesty addressed them in English, thanked them agaii for the recep tion they had given him In London, and asked them if they were plese?uel with their resideinco In the French c:lpital. After some further conversation, they took leave of the Emperor, and witlldrew. 