A Cowersational Ret.—Men never talk ■ amongst each other about their babies; women always do. with the former it is the Padlock of conversation, with the latter it is the Staple. Kick is Aosts.—The late Mr. C.——, of Glasgow, had three maiden aunts, one very rich, the second verv cross-tempered, and the third far advanced in years. He used to call them Anti-mouy, (Aunty money), Anti-biiious, and Ante-diluvian. The Young Idea.—"Mow, my sou," said Mr. Puzzleton, "can you tell roe what the revenue is ?" "Yes, pa; it's something that runs away very fast." " What makes you think tliat, my boy?" " Because the Other day, when some commissioners were galloping down the street very fast, 1 heard a gentleman sav,' Ah! that's the way the revenue goes."" A Tektjdsi Quid !—" i) doctor," said an elderly lady recently to Dr. , the celebrated bouc eetter, in describing the effects of a diseased spine, " I cannot iay nor set." " In that case," replied the wag of a physician, "I should recommend the propriety of roosting." . The Organ-Blower Outdone—At Lincoln, on a recent occasion, a tradesman, there being no warrior present, returned thanks for the army and navy, grate rally proclaiming that he held a contract for supplying Her Majesty's forces with biscuit. Adveetisikg.—The Boston Bee says, a man can get along without advertising, so can a waggon without grease—but it goes hard. . ropuEAR Similes.—An idle rhymer, hav iitg nothing better do, has industriously and ingeniously j strong together the following familiar similes — As wet as a fish—as dry as a bone. As live as a bird—as dead as a stone. Afi plump as a partridgc-^as poor as a rat. As strong as a horse—as weak as a eat. As hard as a flint—as soft as a mole. As white a9 a lily—as black as a coal. As plain as a pikestaff—as rough as a bear. As tight as a drum—as free as the air. As heavy as lead—as light as a feather. As steady as time—uncertain as weather. As hot as an oven—as cold as a frog. As gay as a lark—as sick as a dog. As slow as a tortoise—as*wift as the wind. As true as the Gospel—as false as mankind. As thin as a herring—as fat as a pig. As proud as a peacock—as blue as a grig. As savage as tigers—as mild as a dove. As still' as a poker—as limp as a glove. As blind as a bat—as deaf as a post. As cool as a cucumber—as warm as toast. As red as a cherry—as pale as a ghost. 