ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. THE CORPORATION. To the Editor of the Times. Sir—The statement of the late assistant clerk to the Municipal Council, is so extraordinary that, if correct, I think it becomes the duty of not only the ratepayers but the Government to see that the various duties of the Corporation officers are properly performed, and that the Corporation and Government money is not thrown away upon ignorance, imbecility, or idleness. That the matter should be properly placed before my fellow ratepayers, I beg to ask a few questions, trusting that some one will be good enough to answer them. Is it a fact that the Corporation documents, as Mr Carleton states, have "from the year one of the Cor poration" never been arranged until the present time? Is it true that the City Surveyor receives £350 a year, and that his returns to the Government of expenditure of the money placed at the disposal of the Corporation have been sent back to him, on account of the illegible style in which they were sent ? Is it true that there is no head of the department—no body to ascertain that the Corporation officers, who re ceive among them about £2800 yearly of the public money, perform their duty in such a manner as would be required in any mercant le officer Is it true that from eleven to thirteen thousand pounds have been given by the Government to the Corporation during the present year for improvement of the roads and streets ? Is it true that some members of the Corporate body are so ignorant as scarcely to \vr te a semence without doing violence to the ghost ot l.iudiey Murray ? If these be facts, who is to blame ? Most certainly not the members of the Corporation, but those who sent them there. While men of known ability hold themselves aloof, and prefer putting money into their pockets, in place of performing those duties for which their abilities and business habits render them most fitted, they should not complain if ignorant erapiri.s enter the field, and, for the purpose of a little notoriety, obtain the title of Councillor, and turn the cil zens' money into dust. Trusting that my fellow-citizens will ponder over these matters, and that the intelligent portion of the merchants and tradesmen will see the injustice they have doue themselves and their fellow-citizens by allow ing o hers to occupy places which they could have filled with credit to themselves and profit to the city, I am, Sir, &c.;, A CITIZEN. 