BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH OF QUEEN 1 YICTORIA. 1 j From a lato number of tho New York ,1 ' Tribune, wo tako the following biographical 1 'sketch of her Britannic Majesty. Although 1 iu some passages deficient -in refinement of |j| expression, tho memoir appears to bo written | | by an impartial hand, aud is not without 1 | interest : — | j In the years which circled 1830, tho jolly 1 I drayman at tho ale-house bar, or the ro?y | 1 gardener in his market-field, was wont to lav I down his mug or lean upon his spado, to look if with proud and pleasant smiles after a merry '?[§ little Shetland pony which was wont to canter || every morning through the green lanes and i shady noolts of Kensigton. Tnis merry littlo S Shetland pony carried Victoria aud her for- I tunes. Tho future Queen was then n fat, 8 fair, and rather ordinary looking girl, with fi bright sunny ringlets, large German blue eyes, f ? a temper as spoiled as usually belongs to an H only child, and that child heir to a throne I', aud a will as obstinate and wayward as tho 'k' frisky Highlander she rode. The early history 1 of Victoria is almost as shrouded as tho early H history of Rome. Poet laureates, indeed B and historians who havo dined at Court, or ft Celtic' editors who have fancied that tno j§ Queen smiled softly ou them in the Park, have j§ endeavored to surround it with a texture of 1 romance. But we have reason to believe that fl she laughed and cried, and danced and sang, 1 aud was good and naughty liko ordinary littlo 1 girls of her ago aud day. f| The name sho received at the font was g Alexandrina, being called (what strange re- II volutions time brings !) after Alexander, tho ft then Emperor of Russia. The elder sister of p the Queen's mother, the Duchess of Kont, was II married to Alexander's brother, Constantino f| the capricious tyrant of Poland, three of tho |i Ooburg goddesses having been actually posted fe off to St. Petersburg (or this Russian Paris to II examine and select from. Surely the Cir- K cassian ladies who aro sold to furnish breeders for the harem are not bargained for and carted |$ about for sale with more outrageous indelicacy 'ft than the Christian men and maidens of tho i5 Intelligence-Office at Coburg. The cruelty iff with which Constantino treated his purchase K; Irove her into an intrigue with a young p Russian officer ; but Alexander, with gentle- K pity not alono protected her from violence, fe but gave her an allowance upon which she fei quietly and hapoily lived in Switzerland. This kindness was acknowledged at the font of the f future Queen, but on the death of Alexander, tho memory dying with the monarch, her fi eldest name exchanged places with its younger ' .? sister Victoria, the tutelary deity of tho house ; of Coburg. Up to within a year or two of Victoria's attaining the age of eighteen, tho ago at which ?' the Sovereign is considered entitled by Eng lish law to assume the throne, her mother, tho Duchess of„Kent, lived a life of tranquil (eli- t city in the enjoyment of tho society of Sir John r . Cunroy, an Irishman or Welchman of low birth, whom she had raised to the position of r : equerry, treasurer, aud director-general of her ' household. Tno Duchess was and is one of f-' those gross Gerinau women whose coarseness !;}. of feature is unrelieved by a single line of j-;': spirituality, 'one of those mere machines for j j converting so much sausage and sauer-kraut [' into human nature. And though filial aff.'C- ' j tion has always induced the Queen not to for- ( ' get the mother in the woman, it was im possible that the daughter's love could assume f ; that elevated tone which a higher and more ' ' refined nature would havo inspired. i ; Beyond a stray mention of somo kindly ;. visit to a neighboring cottage, or of some ' early token of sympathy with the suffering poor, England knew littlo and thought little of the lady who was one day to grace her throne. At Malvern, indeed, between which and Kensington she passed most of her time, the old woman at the spring tells with soften ing memory of some of her gay girl jests and pranks, and when occasionally some far-seeing corporation presented an address to her mothefr as they posted through tho town, and tho bells sent forth a prescient peal, it was sagely told in tho papers of the day that ' beside the Duchess stood a girl with her fair hair ? gathered behind her ears, who appeared to listen with marked attention to everything which occurred.' But suddenly came a whisper that England's sailor king was ill. ' f. The whisper grew into a report— the report into a bulletin. The interest of the world, as | ? it is wont, immediately forsook the departing King and flew to the coming Queen. It was a beautiful evening iu Juno, 1837, when first the Royal girl presented herself at a window of tho good old palace of St. | v James as the sovereign of that empire on - which tho sun never sets. Tnero was' that in f her youth and simple modesty of look, and ? woman's weakness under the emotions of the hour,, which would for the moment have softened the sternest foe of queendoms and encircled the girl, loaded thus young with such a trust, with a girdle of a million of hearts as with a wall of fire. In the mass whicn swung and swayed around were Wel lington, and Lyndhurst, and Palmerston, aud Hume, and above all tho voices which swelled tho cry of ' God save the Queen' might be heard the thrilling toi.es of Ireland'3 burly champion, O'Connell, whoso broad shoulders ' and coarse comic face made him conspicuous amid the crowd. At the period of Victoria's accession to tho throne, party spirit unfortunately ran high in IDngland, aud the gloomy condition of trado aud the reaction consequent on the disappoint ment of the exaggerated popular hope which followed Reform, almost balanced the contend ing forces aud thus lent to the wars of tho rival Whig and Tory factions a spirit of bitter rancor and personal malignity unknown even in its fiery throes. Men looked darkly on caeh other in tho street, and iu the House ho who steeped his spear in the bitterest gall and planted his rapier with the fiercest thrust drew forth the loudest acclamations from the repre sentative circus. Victoria on her coming to the throne found the Whig party in power, i and there is littlo wonder that with her girl's heart she gave to them a confiding trust which perhaps grew into affection. She was alone, a girl, almost an orphan. In Lord Melbourno, the then leader of the Whig party, she fouud a gentleman of most distinguished accomplish ments, most fascinating manner, and most kindly heart. Whatever may havo boon Lord Melbourne's faults as an individual or tho Minister of a nation, as the Minister, adviser, and friend of the Queon he had none. Ho surrounded her person with the purest and noblest of England's daughters. The Duchess of Sutherland, as Mistress of the Robes, be came her constant companion and confi dante, and her Ladies-in-waiting were selected from that elevated region of aristocracy in which * ( Lady Gainsborough, the Duchess ol Bedford, aud Lady Portman dwell. He himself, first in conjunction with Lord Palmerston, and when ho wearied, with Lord John Russell, aud subsequently alone, undertook tho office ? of Private Secretary. To tho wise aclmomtion aud almost parental instruction of Lord Mel bourne, bestowed upon a nature rich and pure euough to receive tlio kindly dew, England is iudebted for that orderly and blameless life, that deep sense of duty, and that ready defor cnee to public opinion, which are not only the safest sentinels of Victoria's crown, but will render her reign hereafter, if not marked with the masculine brilliancy of Elizabeth's, distin guished for those purer if less showy adorn ments which make her the model of an English constitutional sovereign. Bat not even her youth, her position, or her virtues, could pro tect her from faction, which in its insatiate lust for power has all the unbridled will and unfalteriug heartlessness of a bad woman. At elections it is necessary to throw iuto the air the cork and feather of a cry which the foolish multitude may beat to and fro and the many madly follow for the benefit of the few. The Queen's name was the shuttlecock of the hour. Our Youthful Qneen was tho war cry of the 'Whigs, Our Old Constitution, of the Tories. Numerous independent electors, flushed with loyalty and liquor, or with patriotism aud pale j ale, were ready at five shillings a-head to I drink and die under either standard. The Old i Constitution, however, was beaten, and conse quently the Tories waxed wrathful against the Youthful Queen. Faction did not stop at any aspersion in assailing the public and private character of Victoria. It is extraordinary with what graceful ease party in England can take up or lay aside the lance of loyalty as it suits ? their interest. And no party mau, perhaps, is so remnrkablo for his expertness in this art as your extra superloyal Tory. Ne 'er, per haps, was this more infamously evidenced than in the eagerness with which a most painful event in the circle of royalty was seized on by that party to rouse a feeling against the young queen, and fix upon her name a stain of heartless and ungenerous cruelty, which, though dimmed, has not yet been obliterated. Where the circumstance was ono which was dragged iuto public light Tfith such brutal vigor to damage tho honor of a lady like the Queen, it would be sacrific ing justice to false delicacy, not to speak some facts which have not yet been spoken, because in England it were impossible to utter thein, but which, when known, must completely re lieve Victoria's name of oven the faintest Btam. The Court of tho Guelphs, with the excep tion of that of Georgo the III., who was a sober, stubborn, selfish, but decent and deco rous brute, was one big brothel, flushed with the filthy fulness of luxury, licentiousness and lust. Through the coarse gutter of voluptu ousness in which it wallowed, not even a rip ple of sentiment could trickle its way. lflven round the sailor King who preceded Victoria, the seeds of his early profligacy had gathered I in a rich and most luxuriant crop. To the present Queen it was left to present to the ' world a royal court, whose pure mirror does not wear a stain, and which is fast reversing that order of things which counted modest virtue a bore and flashy vice the fashion. Eagerly watched as she was by the keen eye of faction, it became trebly necessary to the Queen not to let eveu tho shadow of suspicion cross the royal gate. The relation in which her mother, the Duchess of Kent, stood to Sir John Conrov. thonsrh uerhans it never glided over that very frail and delicate line which, where a man a, id woman are con cerned, separates platonicism from its less ethereal neighbor, nevertheless gave to the lounger and tho rouo that molehill out of which prurient gossip with a touch of its wand can create a mountain of ill fame. To Victoria's uncle, William IV., and liis Queen Adelaide, tho relations maintained between the Duchess and Sir John, and the character of the men by whom the future Queen in the year previous to her accession was surrounded at Kensington, were a sub ject of undisguised displeasure. At the levees the King invariably turned his back on the Duchess's equerry, aud exhibited all the symptoms' of disgust. Unfortunately like many parvenus, Sir John did not even ex hibit that outward retenue always observed by' well-bred people, however elevated by fortune, which avoids the possibility of compromise, suspicion or imputation. He rather m.ide parade of the extent of his influence. Nor was Baron Stockmar, or Colonel Caradoc, tho young Ganymede of Kensington, of spot less reputation. Tho latter was especially renowned for his hair-breadth escapes, not in the tented-field, but in more Paphian warfare. The consequence was that a feeling which assumed in public the form of coldness, and in private ono of hate, grew up between the palaces of Buckingham and Kensington. And when tho Duchess, on the Priucess reaching the golden age of eighteen, applied for an al lowance from Parliament in addition to that she already received of £22,000 per annum, the King placed a veto on ajy further grant, but offered to advance ten thousand a year oui of his own privy purse on condition of its being administered through some other hands than those of Sir John Conroy. The proposal was deemed so offensive as even to place a barrier between Victoria and her uncle's dying bed. The whisper of scandal which naturally avoided the ear of the daughter soon reached that of the Sovereign, occasioning an anxiety and uneasiness which were not lessened by tbe determined refusal of the Duchess of Kent to sacrifice what she maintained was friendship at the shrine of giddy gossip and roue report, and alter the personnel of her household. The buzz aud bite ot' the musquitoes of scandal who infest tho air of corn ts fretted the Queen, and when the prolruding contour of a lady of the Duchess's suite gave to a gossip before rife I but perhaps unreal a positive form and shape, the Queen deemed it necessary to the character of the Court either to bo satisfied that the scandal was false, or else not to permit it to stain further her society and circle. In this resolution she was uphold by the purest and gentlest of England's aristocracy, who, if an error was committed, were far more culpable than their young Queen. It was happily found, however, that tho appearance which gave rise to and justified -theso suspicions was the result of disease. What had been a private and necessary inquiry, however, was converted into a public and heartless outrage. The The friends of Lady Flora Hastings rose iu rash revenge. Faction, which a few weeks before had .mourned in melancholy whisper over the glaring vice of tho court, now railed against its affected virtue. The people, always on the generous — even if mistaken — side, saw not and thought not of the circumstances which surrounded it, but hugged with their huge sympathy an Jnnoeeut girl whom they believed to be rudely wronged. She was thus made the toy of a painful notoriety ; the Queen the victim of an unjust anger. But what mattered it to faction. The cry of ' Our Youthful Queen became more subdued — that of ' Oar Old Constitution '' fiercer. We turn to a brighter scene. On the 2nd of June, 1838, the old Abbey of Westminster wore one of her glorious looks and unfolded a new page in her embla zoned story. In King Edward's chair a young lady sat. Four Knights of the Garter — the Lords of Rutland and Bucc!eugh and Exeter and Anglesey — hold above her head a cloth of gold ! The Dean of Westminster took the ampulla from tbe altar. With steady hand he poured ten drops of oil into the anointing spoon 1 The Archbishop touched therewith the royal head and hand, and making the form of the Cross, he lifted up his voice and said : — ' Be thou anointed with holy oil, as kings, priests, and prophets were anointed. And as Solomon was anointed king by Zadoc the Priest and Nathan the Prophet, so be tliou anointed, blessed, and consecrated Queen over this people, whom the Lord your God hath given you to rule and govern, in the name of tho Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.' And tho Archbishop taking, the crown from the Dean placed it with graceful reverence on the head of tho young lady. Immediately there rose from floor to roof one wild enthu siastic shout — ' God save the Queen.' The Peers pnt on their coronets, the Bishops their caps, the Kings-at- Ar.ns their crowns, the Beef-eaters their porringer hats. The trum pet sounded, the drum bent, and tho boom of the Park guns borne along the river called to tho old city which answered from its aged tower, that the Queon of England had been crowned. Her uncles Sussex and Cambridge toddled forward and with adjusted glasses road their homage in these words : — ' I do bccome your liega man of lifo and limb and of earthly worship, faith uad truth, I will bear unto you to live and die against all manner of folks. So help me God.' Peer after Peer followed, and with this classic peroration tho proceedings closed. Pleasant woro tho iucidents of the day. Tho sun, which always smiles on Victoria, shone with a splendor occasionally shade! by a sentimental cloud. Wellington, Melbourne, and Grey were cheered as they ascended the steps. Old Lord Rolls fell down on going up the stairs, and when Victoria with sweet smile and agile grace tripped forward to aid the aged devotee the coble temple rang with cheers to reward her queenly courtesy. O'Connell was recognised in a hired snuff colored court-suit and was hissed for his servi lity. Joe Hume would not don court-lackey livery and was cheered for his independence. Bulwer, to his great chagrin, passed unnoticed. The Bishop of Exeter, in his impetuous zeal to pay hotnago to tho gorgeous Austrian, Esterhazy, tripped and rolled upon the floor, aud some cried ' Thus fall all Bishops.' j But while lords and ladies and princes played within at this majestic mummery, there | pressed outside tho people those over whom she had been given to reign, whoso sweat was to maintain and whose blood to defend her sovereignty. Many of the multitude were well fed and decent and decorous, but among those people were many, too, lolling lazily in the sun, or glaring with bleared brutish gaze on this masquerado ; hordes from the foul dens round Westminster who had risen from their lairs to gape and grin, who knew not God and were not men. something lower than the animal, with overy head a jungle of vermin, and every face a Vesuvius of gin — great ghastly limbs of London life, most terrible to look on. But the coroueted coaches, each with its perfumed mummer passed along, heed less of the coarse curse or ribald jest which followed them. Not so the Queen. She looked aud heard the shout and laugh with terror, aud when she reached the palace she burst into tears — as she said, with fear to think she was a Queen. After all, human nature is the same in all ; and it was impossible for one so young to hear that day the voice of such a multitude, a voice even more terrible than that of the tempest in its ruffian hour, or to think that she was raised to rule over millions, many of them brute men, without feeling her heart swayed aud engrossed by deep emotion. She is said to have never forgotten that day, and to the lesson it has taught of awe of the pcoplo, and deference to their will, she perhaps owes the secure position which her throne now holds and has held during tho storm which in 18-18 shook and swept down so many. In tho year 1839 the feelings of the woman were severely tried. The Whigs, whose ma jority grew hourly beautifully less, found it necessary to resign, and Sir Robert Peel was sent for. With a coarse clumsiness or an adro;t dexterity, both of which features were ? singularly combined in his character, Sir | Robert Peel made it an essential to his accep tance of office that tho Queen should at once part with those friends who had clustered round the blossom of her reign aud exchange tho Sutherlands, and Tavistocks, and Gains boroughs for such a crew as the Jerseys, the Chesterfields, and the Beanforts. It cannot be wondered at that with a true woman's feel ing, she passionately resisted this separation from those to whom, through some hours of trial and many of youthful pleasure, she had been bound by a claso of mutual lovo. Had she manifested a different feeling, she would have simply shown she was not a true woman. A nobler man would have honored this earnest affection. But Faction has no heart. Sir Robert Peel, feeling that he might with advan tage still retreat to advance better hereafter, threw upon the pet prepossessions of the Queen tho guilt which belonged to the cunning craft of the Minister. But though Lord Melbourne consented at considerable sacrifice of party again to resume power, he felt that the hour was near when Victoria would havo to sacri fice the feelings of the woman to the duties of the Queen. To soften this necessity and sup ply the severance of theso ties of friendship with a still tenderer substitute became an ob ject of eager anxiety to Victoria's friends. The | Wikoffs of the day received their sailing order | and having run up the bridal flag, started on a cruise of matrimonial inspection. As might be expected in the case of a virgin Queen, pos sessed, in addition to so many golden accom paniments, of that beauty of youth which is common alike to the peasant and tho monarch, gos3ip with gay garrulity had bestowed her affections upon various gallant cavaliers » round tho Court. Its luxuriant fancy with fertile facility can ever convert a yawn into a sigh or gild the simplest smile with sentiment. Lord Elphinstone, Lord Arundel, and Lord Alfred Paget were to Victoria's Court what Leicester and Essex and Raleigh were to Elizabeth's. Lord Elphinstone was the favorite companion of her childhood, and is a nobleman or generous mein and man ner. But the friendship of childhood seldom ripens into love. That passion conies ofcener with the spring of a tiger than the stealth of a cat. ? Whether it be that having had his name mentioned with a Queen's, he would not soil the shadow of his fame by courtship with a subject we know not, but his harp still hangs on the willow tree. The next, the present Earl of Arundel and Surrey, and son of England's premier Peer, the Duke of Norfolk, with the blood of all the Howards in his veins, an unusually noble pre sence and a countenance remarkable for its sweet expression, was a lord worthy of any Queen. He possessed, too, that most useful accomplishment to an English sovereign, a lack of brains. In the Guards, iu which he was then an officer, he was chiefly remarkable for his passion for beer, and Dr Johnson has ex cathedra pronounced : ' Men, Sir, who drink beer think beer.'' The chicf objection I to Lord Arundel was his profession of the Roman Catholic faith, but as his mother was a Protestant and his father, who has siuce become a Protestant, was one of that numerous corps of nominal Catholics who may be better styled ' Christians unattached.' his family were not without a hope that he would say, like Beruadotto, when a similar difficulty op posed his asceut to the throne of Sweden : *' Bernadotte may be a Catholic, but the King of Sweden will bo whatever Sweden wills.' His Roman Catholicism was not then either, of the strict and sincere character it now is, and even the Pope has bi;en known to brush off with absolving hand such feeble frailties. But tho heart of youth sometimes defeats the head of age. At a pleasant bar which stands some distance from the Horse Guards, near Whitehall, Lord Arundel was when on duty, wont to quaff his foaming pot of favorite beer. The little hand which filled it was white aud small ; and the woman behind it had a bright look and sweet smile and fair form. The arrow of Cupid stole through tho gjittering cuirass. She, though poor, was good, and my Lord Arundel had a heart and was what fashionable people call a 'fool.', He proposed marriage. The blood of all the Howards was horrified. He was at once despatched abroad, aud as the pleasant Pendcnnis forgot the pretty gate-keeper of the Inn, Lord Arundel forgot his little bar- maid and married the daughter of Sir Edmund Lyons, tho gallant Admiral now commanding the allied fleet in tho East. The other, Lord Alfred Paget, since married to Miss Wynd ham, the heiress, was at tho time a slashing, splendid hussar, tho young Queen's chief equerry ; and if gay audacity and gallant daring could bear away her heart, ho would have taken the costly fort by storm. But in England, and indeed in every country, there aro insuperable objections to tho alliance of the sovereign with a subjo-jt, and the law which compels the King or Queen consort to bo of the Protestant faith as established in England, limits elsewhere tho Royal love to one or two petty principalities, which in extent aud wealth aro eclipsed by Hoboken. The little Yankee girl who can give her affections free play from California to the Crimea, from Boston to Bagdad, is happy in a freedom denied to Queens. The star thus circumscribed rested over the lucky house of Coburg. Ou tho 10th of February, 1810, the beauty and chivalry of Eugland were gathered within tho Chapel of St. James. A mild and gentlemanly looking young man led to the altar a lady simply but beautifully attired. Her robe was of white satin, trimmed with splendid lace and gracefully fringed with sprigs of orange blossom. Her train of lace wa's borne by twelve young and lovely girls of the blood of the Percys and Plantagenets. On her head rested a light wreath of orange flowers, but no scarf concealed the neck and no veil 'threw its fragile screen over a face which was free for all to look on. Ou her neck was a lace of little stars, and on her shoulder the collar of the Garter. As we propose to devote a separate niche in our gallery of portraits to Prince Albert, it may now suffice to say that few marriages in any circle of life have been crowned with a more unbroken happiness. Iu domestic vir tue, in purity of taste, in healthy refinement, of enjoyment, tho Royal life presents on ex ample which not, alone the court but the cot tage may imitate with advantage. The Queen in her habits imitates much more the industry and activity of tho New England lady than the indolence and ease which characterise the Old England fashionable life. At an early hour she may bo seen in the gardens of Buck- j ingham Palace or on tho slopes at Windsor iu plain cottage bonnet, in brisk walk with her husband, or caring with tender finger for some sickly flower. And the languid ladies who loll listlessly about the court, ofcen lisp their lamentation at having the loaf of their delicate slumber stirred by such an early breeze. In deed, two summers since, on a visit to that mimic mockery of a Court at Dublin, which, like a flunkey in his master's clothes, apes the follies and frailties of Royalty without posses sing its manners or its mein, the Queen threw the Lord Lieutenant and his lieges into con vulsions of confusion by arriving at the castle at an hour when the sluggard slaves of fashion were asleep. In her highland home of Bal moral the bunch of fresh heath and glass from a sparkling «pring are carried at the first blush of morning to her bedside, and she may be seen clambering up the bonnie banks aud down the merry braes ' wi' her wee bit bairns,' to the delight of tho good Scotch housewives around. Previous to her mar riage, riding on horseback was tho favorite exercise of the Queen, and under the tuition of Miss O.uentin. the daughter of Sir Gkom-p. .Quentin, Colouel of the Tenth Hussars, she had acquired a graceful and firm seat. Riding is that which monarchs do best. Talleyrand says, for horses cannot flatter. Iu those days her appearance in the Park, surrounded by a gay and glittering cavalcade of eques trians, was a brilliant feature in the summer evenings of Rotten Row. On her entrance to the Park 'the Queen' ran along the avenue like a flash, and witli loyal courtesy cavaliers and carriages ranged themselves on either side, while the Royal L&dy; rode through and received the homage of her admiring sub jects. But those bright days of youth are past.. Her position has been one of such almost uninterrupted interest,' and the youug plants have succeeded each other in the royal nursery with such luxuriant rapidity, that rocking has supplanted riding and the hobby displaced tho horse. Both the Queen and Prince devote several hours in the day to the society and instrustion of their children, and usually make of the children's dinner a plea sant preface to the pomp and parade of royal banquets. The Queen has discovered that healthy spring in which alone the philosopher's stone of happiness is found — employment. Those hours which do not belong to the sacred duties of the mother she devotes to the enjoy ment of the most refined pursuits. Some of her sketches and drawings display much grace of design and execution. Under the skilful tuition of Costa she has become a fair proficient iu the science of music, and the glorious Lablache has taught her to play with some taste on that most beautiful of all instruments, the human voice. He speaks with the most affectionate pride of his pupil, who every night that her master sings may be seen hanging with rapturous delight over that huge volcano of song. Both Queen and Prince aro passionately fond of music, and are always to be seen when ^ in town at the Royal box in the opera, which stands within two of the stage on the right hand side of the first tier. Though she usually screens hers 5 If behiud a parapet of curtain from the fire of the lorgnette, she is occasionally visible. Out of the season the evenings at the palace are passed in a social rubber of whist, to which the Queen is espe cially partial, or in agreeable and refined con versation. She usually singles out the most cultivated and distinguished of her guests as her particular prey, without consideration of any rank but that of merit. At one of the most brilliant banquets of last summer, at which the most distinguished statesmen and foreign ministers were guests, the Queen passed the whole evening ou a sofa in earnest and delighted conversation with Colonel Eyre, a distinguished Eastern soldier. In Ireland too, 011 her visit to the Exhibition, she paid her first and only visit to the nobleman of nature, that giant of industry, William Dargan, and when he was pointed out iu the crowd on her visit to that temple which his generous muni ficenco had reared, forgetful of tho nobles of rank around her and of all save her honest admiration, she rushed forward with the joyous surprise of a girl aud almost hugged him. In truth that high moral tone which throw.' around the circle of aristocracy, of which the Duchess of Sutherland is the head, such a ra diance of spiritual refinement and Christian beneficence, has drawn its chief strength from that fostering sympathy for all that is en nobling and elevating, and that unflinching contempt for all that is frivolous and mean in human nature, which auimate every action of tho accomplished husband of the Queen, and find in her good aud kind heart a womanly echo. This feeling which pervades their every movement and thought exercises a magic in fluence over all with whom they are brought in contact, inculcatiug charity for those depend ent on relief, and sympathy for those depend ent on encouragement. And however we may mourn over the gulf which the customs and privileges of barbarous and feudal times may still make between different classes ot the one great common humanity in England, it is im possible to view without admiration the man ner in which the ' democratic law of love is carried out within the precincts of a palace which ' harbors,' as the London Times cha racteristically observes, ' the half feudal, half repuoncan liingusri ^ueen.' it sets a proua and noble example. And if the relations be tween master and servant, lady and maid, em ployer and employee, were throughout the rest of the community invested with tho same kindly sympathy and gentle interest and graceful delicacy which invariably mark the relations of the Queen and her husband with those around them, a new social era might dawn on England. The degrading and dis figuring scars that mar the beauty of a noble land, which havo been so genially exaggerated by Dickent, so truthfully satirized by Thack eray, so sulkily generalized by, Carlyle, so ecstatically romanced by Kingsley, so snob bishly coquetted with by Bulwer, and so art fully politicized by Disraeli, would gradually find obliteration, and a genuine humanitarian beauty prevail, taking its spring, not as now, from tho cell of tho Pariah, but from the palaco of the Queen. There in no greater mistake than to suppose that the English people aro Quoen and woman worshippers. They honor the sovereign as an institution of their country. When the Eng lishman breaks into a burst of loyalty it is of loyalty to England, not of lovo to the indi vidual. When ho draws with his windlass a huge hurrah from that ponderous pit of beef and beer, his stomach, it is ' a hurrah ' for himself, for John Bull and his institutions. When ho sees the gorgeous Royal cavalcade pass by on its way to the opening of parlia ment, he looks with an air of complacent self satisfaction, as much as to say, ' That's mine ; I pay for all that. If I choose like a big child to have my bauble, what the devil is it to any one else.' ' It is alone in Ireland and ; the northern parts of Scotland among the Celtic and Roman Catholic population, that that rude romantic chivalry of devotion to tho person of the sovereign is found which is inseparable from the religion and the race, [n Ireland the enthusiasm of loyal love ran' into such madness as to make Victoria, as she stood on tho paddle- box and caught the I dying sound of the cheers with which every j breath that touched the royal sail was laden, exclaim with emotion, ' In England the Queen is respected, but in Ireland I feel the woman is loved.' Few entertain a more pitying contempt for servile sycophancy, or h'gher honor for manly independence than the Queen and Prince. Aud perhaps few things have occasioned more wonder, and we must add more contempt, in English society than to- find that where Americans-have been admitted to the circles of royalty or rank, they have with some noble exceptions surpassed all others in adulatory adoration. As a wife the Queen is said to bo jealous and exacting. But she must indeed be des perate iu her demands if she is not satisfied with the severe strictness and decorous de meanor of the Prince. Sho has a warm camper ana tuac wuicu is orcen its accom paniment, a warm heart. Indeed she is often compelled to place a heavy chain on that re bellious member in order to repress the woman and maintain the Queen. At the Couutess Walewski's celebrated ball of last season, she recognized at the door of the saloon, and ran forward with a look of joy to greet, a lady whom she had known, when suddenly recol lecting herself, with a look half sorrowful, half ful, she checked the affection of the woman and resumed the dignity of the Queen. In person Qufjeu Victoria is about five feet two, but the shortu-;s3 of her neck gives to hor figure a look of dumpiness. Her head is graceful and well set on, and Isidore, who is minister of its exterior, speaks iu rapture of the length and lavish luxuriance of her hair, beneath whose fold the small ear is nestled like a pretty shell. Her head and hand, which latter member was wont to inspire that half patriot half-bondsman enthusiasm of O'Con nell, are her best points. Her eyes have the dull leaden look common to the Guelphs ; her skin is of a cream-colored hue ; and her ex pression unrefined, especially when flushed. Yet thero is about her a consciousness of her position, and so littlo display of that conscious ness, and her English self-possession ; so felicitously combined with a certain German bon-homie, or in this instance bonne femmie, that oven those who know her only by sight carry off an impression that they have seen the face of a stereotyped but highly respecta ble, steady, domestic, jolly, good-hearted, rather choleric and excitable but well-disposed akhough small-brained English woman of the Anglo-German typo. Iu her morning garden dress of loose robe, shawl, and cottage hat, she looks to for greater advantage than in full evening costume. She has all the appearance of rude health, but is occasionally a, prey, to fits of depression so deep, as to occasion appre hensions of an attack of that malady under which her grandfather, George the Third, suffered, and to make a constant change of air and sceue essential. Whatever qualities she has have been ddi gently cultivated, but she is not by any means what is termed in this country ' smart.' This is for many reasons fortunate. Were she a woman of superior endowments she would have been obnoxious to the aristocracy, who shrink from nothing with greater distrust than from whatever may be calculated to wound their amour propre and remind them of their mental aud moral inferiority. If she were less fertile she would be less popular among the masses. The poor Irish or English woman standing before one of the pictures in the Strand, which represent the Queen with the royal babies around her, feels flattered by the reflection that the Queon after all has the same propensities, instincts, and affections as rule her. The only class of women who may be said to dislike the Queen is the numerous one of broken-down, high-bred, shabby-genteel, and pseudo-poetical women. They sneer at all the Queen's domestic propensities as the quintessence of vulgarity. They say she is only virtuous because accident places her in a position which allows her to gratify luxuriously every desire. In tho companion portrait of the Prince we shall enter into particulars of the royal income and expenditure, aud other details for which we have in this picture been unable to'find room. In what we havo written and shall write, we have striven and shall strive to keep steadily before us the star of truth. We would cherish noble examples wherever we find them, be it in the palace of the great or the cottage of the lowly. It is only your I raving democrat who curses the blessing which a Queen may diffuse, as it is only your fanatical aristocrat who repudiates the offering which a child of tho people brings to the altar of humanity. In the one it has engendered indiscriminate hatred for the very shadow of a privilege ; in the other it has inculcated in discriminate aversion for the very breath of the people. Hence the one flics into fury as soon as the name of the Queen is mentioned in terms of admiration, or her life considered as productive of good ; and the other falls into a paroxysm of rage at the bare idea of one of the people vindicating his divinely implanted manhood or calling upon his fellow- man to breast the oppressor who trifles with his rights Both extremes proceed from passion. It is only by steering between them that the shore of wisdom can be reached. Through wisdom alone can we vindicate truth ; through truth alone can we advance the interests of humanity. Some may endeavor, from ignorance, or envy, or mockery, or malignity, to cavil at one or the other weakness of the woman, because they lack the moral courage to cavil at the absurdities of the institution. Others may revel with saucy delight in lowering a womau simply because she has been raised by the laws of tho land to the functions of a Queen. Buu history will hereafter disperse these aspersions. When the swelling tides of freedom, education and practical Christianity, rousing the man hood of England to a nobler sense of dignity and keener shame of servility, shall have swept away, as some day they must do, the old feu dal and monarchical institutions of England, aud left in their stead a noble Anglo-Saxon Re publican structure, the name of Victoria will 'by the most passionate enemy of royalty still be respected for the good qualities of the woman, and by its most indifferent friends for tho chaste aureole of virtue which she has thrown around the throne. _ Arab Funerals. — Arab fuuerals are~~as simple as their marriages are complicated. Neither Naddabah (myriologist or hired keeuer^. nor indeed anv female, rvp.h n. m lation, is present at burials as in other parts of the Moslem world, and it is deemed dis graceful for a man to weep aloud. The Pro phet, who doubtless had heard of those pagan mournings, where an effeminate and unlimited display of woe was often terminated by licentious excesses, like * our lialf-heathen ' wakes,' forbad all beyond a decent de monstration of grief. And his strong good sense enabled him to see the folly of profes sional mourners. At El- Medinah the corpse is interred shortly after decease. The bier is carried through the streets at a moderate pace, by the friends and the relatives, these bringing up the rear. Every man who passes lends shoulder for a minute, a mark of respect for the dead, aud also considered a pious and prayerful act. Arrived at the Harem, they carry the corpse in visitation to the Prophet's window, and pray over it at Osman's niche. Finally, it is interred after the usual Moslem fashion in the cemetery El-Bakia. — Burton's Narrative of a Pilgrimage to El-Medinah and Mecczh. Fasiiionable Society the Same Every where. — ' Good society, after all, is the same all the world over,' said Peddar, dogmatically. ?' At 'Vienna we just saw the same people we used to havo with us iu London ; at Rome, the same ; so, too, at Naples. I assure you that the last time I dined at Dolgorouki's I proposed ' going in the evening to the Hay market. I quite I forgot we were on tha Neva. And when Prince Gladuatoffski's gentleman said, ' Where shall I set you down I' I answered, carelessly, ' At my chambers in the Albany, or anywhere your highness likes near that.' Such is life 1' ex claimed he, draining the last of the champagne into his glass. — The Mar lint of Cro' Martin. Why are so few Good Books Written? — The reason why so few good books are written is, that so few people that can write know any thing. In general, an author has always lived in a room, has read books, has cultivated science, is acquainted with the style and sentiments of the best authors, but he is out of the way of employing his own eyes or ears ; he has nothing to hear and nothing to see ; his life is a vacuum. The mental habits of Robert Southey are the type of literary existence. . . He wrote poetry before breakfast (as if anybody could) ; he read during breakfast ; he wrote history until dinner ; he corrected proof- sheets between dinner aud tea ; he wrote an elaborate essay for the ' Quarterly' afterwards ; and after supper, by way of relaxation, composed the ' Doctor,' au elaborate and lengthy jest. Now, what can we think of such a life, except how clearly it shows that tho habits best fitted for communicating information, formed with the best care, and daily regulated by the best motives, are exactly the habits which are likely to afford a man the least information to communicate. — Prospective Review. Valoe oe Employment. ? Abernethy says the miud requires some object on which its powers must be exercised, and without which it preys upon itself and becomes miserable. A person accustomed to a life of activity lonrrg for ease and retirement, and when he has accom plished his purpose finds 'himself wretched. The pleasure of relaxation is known to those only who have regular and interesting occupation. 