I THE BISHOP OF SYDNEY, I i. Yesttrday morning, a deputation from tba eon»' grecation of St. Feter1!, Cook's River, consisting i of the Rev. Dr. Steele, Hr. Fanning, Hr. A, B, I Spark, Mr. Flood, M.L.C, and Mr. Commissioner Elliott, waited upon the Lord Bishop of Sydney, at the Archdeaconry, and presented to his Lordship the following congratulatory Address : To tb« Right Reverend Frederick, by Divine pcrmlilton, Ixird Bishop of Hydm'y and Metropolitan. Hay it ploase your Lordship-Wo, tho under *)gued, minister, churchwardens, and pew-holders of St. .I'eler'a, Cook's River, respectfully approach your Lordship, and beg leave with all sincerity, to congratúlalo you upoa your safe arrival on thia tho scene of your spiritual superintendence'. Vie havo reason to bo thankful that your own recorded sentiments, nnd tho unanimous testimony ' of those amongst whom you have laboured for ao many years, nra such as to lenvo us nothing to desire in tito choleo which our most gracious Queen has rondo for us in selecting your Lordship ns our llishop and ns Metropolitan over them Important colonies. Hut Independently of nil tills, tho very fact-the very Impression nt least upon our minds-thnt such choleo waB made upon the especial recommendation of his Grnco tho Archbishop nf Canter- bury, (that uncompromising defender nnd faithful exponent of puro Christianity,) would of itself have tho effect of removing from «ur minds nil anxiety with respict to the result, and of securing for your Lordship the most cordial reception at our bands. We trust thnt whensoever your Lordship mny doom it oxpedlent to como amongst us, we shall be found a united and a penceful community, and ona most roady to reçoive spiritual Instruction from your Lordship's Ups, feeling assured na wa do, that euell Instruction will be in acoordanco with tboso Divine Scriptures, from which, and from which nlono wo bollovo, that that wisdom is to ba obtained, which is " oblo to ranko us wiso unto salvation." In wishing your Lordship a long, a peaceful, and a ÎiroBperom career, we would also imploro tho Divine Mosi- ng upon your labours, and pray that on all occasions of doubt, of trial, and of difficulty, you may bo uuder tho guiding intluenco of the Holy Spirit nf God. To this address, which was numerously signed by the members of Dr. Steele's congregation, his Lordship replied aa follows - > Dr. Steele and Gentlomen - I hnrn reoolvod tho expression of your kindly > feelings with much grati- fication. It wu not possible to leave tho numerous > friends and fellow labourers with whom I had buen so lang and affectionately > associated without much regret, but it ls a great consolation to And that I > am cordially welcomed by thoBO on whose sympathy and support I must depend, > If anything good or grunt ls to bo accomplished. I trust that, with tho help > of those who tova our common Lord and Mostor, muon may bo done fur the > spread and maintenance of tho groat principles upon willoh the Church of > Koi'land is founded, for tho diffusion of scriptural knowledge und tho > increase of the means of grace. Tlie providential circumstances which led to my ap- pointment to this Seo, without tho least attempt on my part to obtain lt, afford reason to hope that I have indeed neon sent hero by tho Lord to do His work. At any rate my desire is to yield mysulf to His will, and I pray that I may bo honoured to enrry on Ills purposes of good toward this great and interesting country. Tho principles which I bara hitherto prafessod, I shall, by the help of God, maintain, I reverenco, moro than over that Word which ls the only rulu of faith, and dcBlre to preach moro fully that justification which is elTered freely through faith in the Redeemer, nnd that sanctifi- cation which is tho operation of the Holy Ghost If we, aa ministers and "members of the Church, are true to our principles and to one another, wo cannot fail to be a bksilng to tho land In which wo live. Tho great purpose of the Church's existence will then bo accom- plished in the perfecting or tho saints, In tho work of tho ministry, aid in the edifvinir of tho bodv af Christ. I remain, jour faithful serrant, F. SYDNEY. St, Phillie's Parsonage, May 29,1855. 