THE CZAR IS DEAD. The Emperor of all the Russias is dead. The ha'zardous game at deadly bowls that lie had 'opened in Europe against the field, is not played out; the score was running against him ; and he is removed before lie could tell whether the will of Peter the Great was a dream or a fore thought, the charter or the doom of the Impe rial house. The war which Russia has pro voked has been full of surprises ; but it was reserved for "pulmonary apoplexy" to give us the greatest surprise of all. The event suggests a crowd of questions, but some will press hard for a prompt solution. Is "pulmonary consumption" the real judg ment of the physicians, or is it a euphemism for the hereditary malady of the Czars ? A Czar has been described as walking wi I his father's murderers before him, his brother's behind him, and his own on each side of him; have those publin functionaries of Russia been at their work ? Probabilities. are in favour of a depar ture from the understood rule. Nicholas, some few years back, startled visitors by his al tered aspect-aged and haggard. His health had suffered fearfully from a cause at once shocking and ludicrous- from the effect of displacement under excessive tight lacing; but le could not abandon his bel ing any more than an ominous erysipelas in the legs could malto him surrender his jack-boots: and pulmonary apoplexy is the probable end of a frame physically over-strained and exasperated by impcrial angers. What eflect will this sudden event hiave upon the Russian succession? The last demise of a sovereign was the occasion for mysterious in'rigues end military demonstra tions; nnd it was understood thiat the late Emperor contemplated a course not unuse al in his housCe-the ttlling aside of the mild Cesarovich and the crowningo of the younger but fiercer Consttnline. Will thalt e the result ? Heirs npparent, ihowever mild, do tnot always ourrender thPir piorensions without question; will St. Petersburg, then, be the scene of a civil contest, while Russia stands at bay against tllt legions of Eurtpe. On the contingency of the succession de irends Ilo third pressing qmt a ion - Whatl will be thle rtffct of this sulddun fitl upon hello war? Will lussia pnrseverc, or yield? Hler ofliciial rienmics at Vienrna woulii pro bib'y aid her to yield; a milder Cz;tr might bring a suddeon peace. But would not a COnstantine excel his fatlier in Iitterness nnd presumption ? Tihe falct is, that tihe elements f thello caltulatinn are too many, too potent, too little known, even for a conjectural solulion. The events of a few years commencitng the eeccond half of the centtry Ihavo thrown the Eu rppoan powers into new combinations. Weo iave a desperate adventnrer placed upon the neck of France; a youCgsohlierasncueeds tlhe imbecile Em peror of Austria ; and now we lhave a lt.blo and sickly young Czar, itlheriting the most pr(; oumtpluous hopes, and ith bitterest, becan.o theo most recent, disappointments,, Tihese be not elements of peace ! Blt each of those Imperial Plinces has stalking behind him a domestio fiend : Napoleon has a cousin, who denounces bis policy in pamphlets; Francis Joseph is dogged by the ghost of the wrongs which his House has committed on the peoples that chafe under his bayonets; behind the young Czlr, be it Michael or Constantine, stalks a Pretender to the throne mined already by disaffection and conspiracy. Prussia will abet any intrigues to shilly-shally into quies cence; our own puny and paltering states men, who never tell us what they do until it be done, would snatch at any presentable peace, if it were only to stop debates in Parlia ment on the e,timates, to save tle remnants of aristocratic privilege, and to gag Manchester. Peace, therefore, will it be, if possible ; t n3 ii not possible, then war, bloody, vast, and un certain ; for there are more questions to settle than this one. and on that fatal ridge of the Chersoncse the honour of England has yet to be aflirmed. What is that cldd of dust and ashes called a Czar, that it should vex the world witl its giant puerilities, and not be laid to rest foL ever ?-Loader, Match 3. 