ASPECT OF COMMERCIAL AFFAIRS IN MELBOURNE AND SYDNEY. {From the Sydney Morning Herald.) Our attention has been called to a para graph in the Melbourne Prices Current, of the 24th ultimo, and which contains statements not borne out by the actual condition of trade iu this colony. It runs as follows : — 'Although the spring has fairly commenced, and there is a revival trade, yet the improve marfh. n-v«/\r\f in t*aPa^anna +;rt n ttottt four o i«_ tides, is not so decided as was expected. This, we believe, is mainly owing to the unfor tunate state of commercial affairs in Sydney, wb.ere a sort of crisis, little inferior apparently in intensity to that which Melbourne has just passed through, has commenced. This crisis, like that of Melbourne, having arisen from over- trading and over-importation, it is certain that a great portion of the surplus, in the shape of bankrupt-stock, will be forced upon this market ; and in this way the material revival in trade and confidence, which was so confidently anticipated, will be retarded.' What special means of information are pos sessed by the writer we of course aro not pre pared to say, but as for a crisis like that of Melbourne, in the opinion of all bankers aud men of business in this city, we shall not even have the ghost of it. There is a very con siderable number of people in business, who have come nobody knows whence, and who have got into position by the smartness and boldness of their movements — they have bought high and sold low, and spent the difference. They will form a considerable nominal insolvent list, but they will not affect the stamina of trade in this city. They will be brushed off with a little noise and confu sion, much more annoying than dangerous. The realised wealth of this colony is enor mous. Speculation was never so reckless or so general here during the hottest excitement of the gold fields as it was at Melbourne. The langor which is complained of is probably far more due to the caution than to the em barrassments of our mercantile circles. No doubt all have lived a little too fast, and a moderate regimen had become necessary, but nothing more. We cannot, however, sepa rate the commercial condition of this from the neighboring colonies. The prosperity of Vic toria is the prosperity of New South Wales. Our exports will amply show this. We have no doubt the writer of the para graph in question received what he deemed sufficient information, but we would venture to suggest to our contemporaries that considerable mischief is done by an exaggerated statement of commercial embarrassments. When trade was rolling headlong, and people ran to and fro with one universal cry — ' What have you got to sell ? — t'/hen goods that no marine store in England would shelter were sold as if they had 'oeen antiquities taken from the tomb of Csespi-r, it was necessary for the Press to utter i/ue iouaest warnings ; out mat Dime was long passed away. It now becomes necessary to gruard against that mischievous class who are called ' crisis workers,' and who have often for a time affected the judgment even of cool and calculating men, by their diligence in pub lishing dismal prognostics. They cannot be always met with dry figures or direct refuta tion. If it were reported, for instance, that the Rothschilds were on the eve of bankruptcy, it would be difficult to find any person able to give any intelligent reason for a contrary opinion. In some instances the spread of a rumor becomes the means of its own realiza tion. From all the sources of information within our reach, and they are not inconsider able, we see no danger of that commercial storm indicated by the Melbourne barometer. We are happy to know that a very con siderable improvement has really taken place in Melbourne ; that is, the insolvencies are diminished, and the extraordinary success of the miners is dispersing among the people of that colony Borne £210,000 per week — an amount which would have once appeared as incredible as any story in the Arabian Nights' Entertainments. The list of insolvencies from the 26th September to to the 24th Octo ber is 22, and the sums implicated in most instances are but small. The average number during the last year was 29^ monthly. The diminution, however, is more in the sums com promised than in the number of insolvencies. The total liabilities, to say nothing of assets, in cases exceeding £1000, being only some .-£31,000 ; that is to say, about two-thirds of an average day's yield of the Victorian gold fields. It will not follow that great ditficulties may not exist in adjusting old scores. The return to a system of cash, which has to a large ex tent been forced upon the traders, could not fail to wind up a large number of insolvent estates, understanding not only those whose stock at the cost price was below their lia bilities, but all who could not convert that stock into money. If it were possible to take the stock of a colony, as that of a private es tablishment is taken, it would reveal a series of unexpected results. The wealth of a com munity is lo be reckoned not by the indebted ness of its members to each other, but the in debtedness of the whole, compared with the assets of the whole, to distant creditors. Should any want of confidence or dispropor tion between the demand and supply obstruct the operations of trade thero would be nu merous insolvencies, causing immense private suffering and anxiety, but which end merely iu the transfer of stock from one name to ano ther. We are not aware that in any of the colonies there is any very large amount of goods which may be looked upon as dead stock, and when once the feeling cf distrust shall cease, many will be found disposed to purchase surplus goods to hold for a future, but not remote, period, and thua trade will be once more relieved. Some twelve mouths ago several traders, both at Melbourne aud Port Jackson, sent home quantities of valuable goods, for which the demand waa certain to be remote, and realised a profit on these pur chases, th ugh made in the colonial market, to bo res*: id in that of London. The value oi' this movement, however, was not the relief which it g.ive to the Australian glut, but the lesson whi fa it read to the London exporters. It was a ..Tactical evidence that in those de partments shere was no room for further spe culation. The time for such operations is now passed — capitalists can now calculate with some cert linty' on a return for goods which are still in excess, but which will assuredly be required !;y the close of the summer. The prospect cra large harvest in the neighboring colonies w .11 greatly improve the circumstances of the i sople. Should there be two bushels of grain where one was pro duced ai the same cost, the price may be reduced one-half without loss to the ag. iculturalist ; but every consumer will receiv * two loaves for one. If we suppose that the j opulation of the entire colonies is 1,000,000, and the consumption five loaves each per veek (including flour used for other purposes), this ivould be 210,000,000 annually, which at is. would cost £13,500,000, but if at 6d. trould be £6,150,000. Such would b.! the difference in the avail able res'iurces of the whole popula tion resul ing from an abundant harvest. These figuves may be all taken as exaggerated ; but one th- lag is clear, that a harvest such as would, full;: satisfy the wants of the Australian population would save the colonies all that importatio i of flour and corn ; aud even were the farmer no gainer directly by the abundance, he would experience benefit like all other memoeis or me community, in uis ruiunuu w trade in i,;fcneral. Looking at these two sources of Australian wealth — the mines and the agricultural produce, to say nothing of wool, it is .impossible to doubt that trade will be rapidly restored, and that to a most flourishing uondition. The present state of trade in tb is counhy is less promising at first sight than ifc shows upon a more careful exa mination. We have a very large internal trade. T sere are fast numbers of store keepers, aid stations whose consumption is almost equ.nl to the custom of an ordinary retail coua'ry trade— who have no means at the preseiit moment to replace their stocks. They are, however, reduced, in numerous cases, to a lower quantity than has been known for years. I-.it the produce of the farmer be available for the markets, and let the wool clips be tt.iught down, and an immediate re action m\\) take place. It will be the story of the old '/ornan who had gone round to all the vanou;* elements to get home her pig before nigkt — at last the water began to quench tlvu fire, the fire began to burn the stick, and so forth, and the old lady waa finally triu ,nphant. We bel - ve theve has been a general apathy and dread, ibut let this obstructive feeling be fairly met ',nd overcome, and our stocks will be ibuuti n. thing formidable, and the indebted ness of t'.:t colony incomparably less than its resoiu'C-u. 