Experiences of a barrister. ? . ,^_.,.. THE MAnoH ASSIZE. ? ?Something more than half a century ago, a ';neV5on,in gotoe nlons Ho born, might Lave seen ?S the corner'of one of the thoroughfares winch 1 iv»ree towards Russell Square, the ruspectablu ??lookin- shop of a glover and haberdasher named ? Junes Harvey, a man generally esteemed by Ins ' neiMibonrs, and who was usually considered well to do in -lle worldl Likc many LoDclon tradesmen. Hirvev was originally trom tne couniry. tic naa : come up to town when a poor lad to pusli his fo'tune and by dint of steadiness and civility, ?and a small property left him by a distant relation, ; 1,e Imd b«n able to get into business on his own account, and to obtain that most important «le i ment of , success in London—' a connection.' Shortly after setting up in the world, he married b young woman from his native town, to whom hchatl been engaged ever since his school-days; and nt the time our narrative commences he was ?'the father of three children. ; james Harvey's establishment was one of the v.J (Vnnne.ntod of its . class in the street. You ' could never pass without seeing customers going 'in or out. There was evidently not a little busi ' ness going forward. But although, to all ap pearance, a flourishing concern, the proprietor of ?; -the establishment was surprised to find that he ? was continually pinched in his circumstances. No i matter what was the amount of business trans acted over the counter, he never got any richer. r At the period referred to, shopkecping had not ' attained that degree of organisation, with respect ' to counter-men and cashiers, -which now distin ' g-uishes tlic -rre;it houses of trade. The primitive till was not yet superseded. This was the weak ? point in Harvey's arrangements j and not to make a needless number of words about it, the poor man was regularly robbed by a shopman, whose dexterity in pitching a guinea into the drawer, so as to make it jump, unseen, with a jerk into his hand, was worthy of Herr Dobler, or tiny other master of the. sublime art of jugglery. Good- natured and unsuspicious, perhaps also ? not sufficiently vigilant, Harvey wns long in discovering how he was pillaged. Cart-wright, ,? the name'of the person who was preying on his , employer, was not a young man. He was between .forty and fifty years of age, and had been in ? satisfaction, except on the score of being some what gay and somewhat irritable. Privately, he . was a man of loose habits, and for years his extra Tng.'inccs had been paid for by property .clandes tinely abstracted from his too-coiifi'ling master. Slow to believe in the reality of such wickedness, Mr. Harvey could with difficulty entertain the suspicions which began to dawn on his mind. At length all doubt was at an end. He detected \- Cartwright in the very act of carrying off goods to ? n considerable amount. The man was tried at i the Old Bailey for the offence ; but through a ; technical informality in the indictment, acquitted. Unable to find employment, and with a cha racter gone, the liberated' thief became savage, revengeful, and desperate. Instead of imputing his fall to his own irregularities, he considered his late unfortunate employer as the cause of his . ruin ;. and now he bent all the energies of his dark nature to destroy the reputation of the man whom he had betrayed and pluudeied. Of all Uie beings self-delivered to the rule of unscrupulous malig nity, with whom it has been my fate to come pro fessionally in contact, I never knew one so utterly fiendish as this discomfited pilferer. Frenzied 'with his im'iimnarv wroncs. he fnrmnrl tlm rlelni mination to labour, even, if it were for years,. to ruin liis victim. Nothing short of death should divert him from this the, darling object of his existence. : Animated by these diabolical passions, Cart wright proceeded to his work. Harvey, ho had too good reason to know, was in debt to persons who had made him advances; and by means of artfully-concocted anonymous letters, evidently written by some one conversant with the mat ters on which ho wrote, ho succeeded in alarm ing the haberdasher's creditors. The conse quences were— ;d t-mands of immediate payment, aiid, iu spite of the debtor's explanations and ^promises, writs, heavy laiv expenses, ruinous .sacrifices, and - ultimate bankruptcy. It may' .seem almost too marvellous for belief, but the i story of this terrible revenge and its conse quences' is no fiction. \ Every incident in my ?narrative is true, and the whole may' bo found in hard, outline in the records of the courts 'with which a few years ago I was familiar. Tho humiliated and distressed feelings of .Harvey and his family may be left to the ima gination. When he found himself a ruined .'man, I daresay his . mental sufferings .were sufficiently acute. Yet he did not ait ?down in despair. To re-establish himself in busi Ms& in England appeared hopeless j but America presented itself as a soene where industry might ?find 'a reward ; ' and by the kindness of some friends, he was enabled to make preparations to ?emigrate with his* wife 'and children. Towards Hie end 01 JUeoniary lie quitted liondon for one of .the great seaports, where he.v.'as to embark for .Boston. On arriving there with his family, Mr, Harvey took up his abode at. a principal hotel., This, in a man of straightened means, was doubt less imprudent; but he afterwards attempted to explain the circumstance by saying, that as the ship in which he engaged his passage was to sail on the day after his arrival, he had preferred in curring a slight additional expense rather than that Ins wife — who was now, with failing spirits, nursing an infant — should be exposed to coarse associations and personal discomfort. In Ihe ex pectation, however, of being;only one night in the .hotel, Harvey was unfortunately disappointed. Shipmasters, especially those commanding emi grant vessels, were then, as now, habitual promise breakers; and although each succeeding him was tolight them on their way, it was fully a fortnight before the ship stood out to sea. By that time, a second and more dire reverse had occured in the fortunes of the luckless Harvey. Cartwright, whose appetite forvengeanco was but whetted by his first success, had never lost sight of the movements of his victim ; and now he had followed him to the place of his embar kation, with, an ongev but undefined purpose of working him some further and more deadly mischief. Stealthily : ho hovered about the nouse winch sheltered the unconscious- object °! hjs.malicious hate, plotting, as he afterwards coniessed, the wildest schemes for satiating his revenge. Several timos he made ' excuses for calling ut Hie hotel, in the hope of observing the nature of the premises,. taking care, however, to avoid being seen by Mr. Harvey or -his ianuly. A fortnight passed away, and the .day of departure of the emigrants arrived : without 'the slightest opportunity occurring for the gratifi cation of his purposes. The ship was leaving ner berth ; most of the passengers were on board;; -Mrs. Harvey and the children; with nearly the whole of tlie luggage, were already safely in the vessel ; Mr. Harvey only remained oil shore to purchase some trilling article, end to settle his bill at the hotel on removing his last trunk. Cartwright had tracked him all %; he could not attack him in the street; and he finally followed him to the hotel, in order to wreak his vengeance on him in his pri vate apartment, of the situation of which he Had informed himself. ????-.. Harvey entered the hotel first, and before Wrtwnght came up, he had gone down a passage into the bar to settle the bill which he had incurred for the last two days. A'ot aware of this circumstance, Cartwright, m if le wmcl1 prevailed, went up stairs tot . M,r: Harvey's bedroom and parlour, in neither o wiich, to his surprise, did he find the occupant ' and lie turned away discomfited. Passing alon'- towards the chief staircase, he perceived a room ot winch the door was open, and that on the table there lay a gold watch and appenda'res. Nobody was in ihe apartment: the gentleman who occu PiMl it had only a few moments beiore gone to his Bedchamber for a brief space. Quick as lightning a diabolical thought flashed through the brain of 'e villain, who had been baffled iu hisorigina1 intentions. He recollected that he had seen a wank in Carrey's room, and that the keys hung L , ; An inconceivably short space of me served for him to seize the watch, to deposit »»t the bottom of Harvey's trunk, and to quit the hotel by a back stair, which led by a shorl cut to the harbor. The whole transaction was done unperceived, and tho wretch at least departed unnoticed. Having finished his business at the bar, Mr. Harvey repaired to his room, locked. his trunk, which, being of a small and handy size, he mounted on his shoulder, and proceeded to leave the house by the back stair in order to get as quickly as possible to the vessel. Little recked he of the interruption which was to be presented to his de parture. He had got as far as the foot of the stair with his buiden, when he was overtaken by a waiter, who declared that lie was going to leave the house clandestinely without settling accounts. It is proper to mention that Mr. Harvey had in curred the enmity of this particular waiter in eon scquencc of having, out of his slender resources, given him too small a gratuit}' on the occasion of paying a former bill, and not aware of the second bill being settled, the waiter was rather glad, to have an opportunity of charging him with a frau dulent design. In vain Mr. Harvey remonstrated, saying he had paid for everything. The- waiter would not believe his statement, arid detained him ' till he should hear better about it ' 'Let me go, fellow; I insist upon it,'1 said Mr Harvey, burning with indignation. ' I am already too late.' : . : *' Not a step, till I ask master if accounts are squared.' At this moment, while the altercation was at the hottest, a. terrible ringing of bells was heard, and above stnira was a loud noise of voices, and of feet running, to and fro. A chambermaid .cams hurriedly down down the stair, exclaiming that some one had stolen a gold watch from No. 17, and that nobody ought to leave the house till it was found. The landlord,- also, moved by the hurricane which had been raised, made his appear ance at the spot where Harvey was interrupted in his exit. , ? ' What on earth is all this noise about, John}' inquired the landlord of the waiter. ' Why, sir, I thought it rather strange (ot any gentleman to leave the house by the -back' way, carrying his own portmanteau, and so I was making a little breeze about it, fearing he had not paid his bill, when all of a sudden Sally rushes down the stair and says as how No. 17 has missed his gold watch, and that no one should quit the hotel.' No. ly, an old, dry-looking military gentleman, in a particularly high passion, now showed himself on the scene, uttering terrible threats of legul proceedings against tho house for the loss he had sustained. Harvey was stupified and indignant, yet he could hardly help smiling at the pother. 'What,' said he 'have I to do with all this? I have paid for everything; I am surely entitled to go away if I like. Kemeraber, that if I lose my passage to Boston, you shall answer for it.' ' I very much regret detaining you, sir,' re plied the keeper of the hotel; 'but you hear there has been a robbery committed within the last few minutes, and as it will be proper to search every one in the house, surely you, who are on the point of departure, will have no ob jections to be searched first, and then be at liberty to go ?' There was something so perfectly reasonable in all this, that Harvey stepped into an adjoining parlour, and threw open his trunk for inspection, never doubting that his innocence would be im mediately manifest. The waiter, whose mean rapacity had been the cause of the detention, acted as examiner. He pulled one article after another out of the trunk, and at length — horror of horrors ! held up the missing watch with a look of (Humph and scorn ! . 'Who put that there?' cried Harvey in an agony of iniiid which can be better imagined than described. 'Who' has done me this grievous wrong? I know nothing as to how the watch came into my trunk/' ' ? No one answered this appeal. All present stood for a moment in gloomy silence. '' Sir,' said the landlord to Harvey on recover ing from his surprise, ' I am sorry for you. 'For, the sake of a, miserable trifle,, you have brought ruin and disgrace on yourself. This is a matter which concerns' the honour of my house, and cannot stop here. However much it is against my feelings^ youmustgo before a magistrate.'' 'By all means,' added No. 17, with the im portance of an injured man. 'A pretty thing that one's watch is not safe in a house .like this!' , , ' John, send Boots for a , constable,' said the landlord! \ Harvey sat with his head leaning on his hand. A deadly cold perspiration trickled down his brow. His heart swelled and beat as if it would burst. What should he do? His whole prospects were in an instant blighted. 'Oh God! do not desert a frail and unhappy being; give mo strength to face this new and terrible misfortune,' was a prayer he internally uttered. A little re vived, he started to his feet, and addressing him-' self to the landlord', he said, ' Take me to /a. ma gistrate instwntlj', and let us have this diabolical plot unravelled. I court inquiry into ray charac ter and conduct.' ..-. , .,- : 'It is no use saying any more about it,'1 an-; swered the landlord ; ' here is Boots with a con stable, and let us all go away together to the nearest magistrate. Boots, carry that trunk. John and Sally, you'.can follow us.'' ''' And so the party, trunk and all, under the con stable as conductor, adjourned to the house of a magistrate in an adjacent street. There the mat ter seemed so. clear a case of felony — robbery in a1 dwelling-house — that Harvey, all protestations to the contrary, was fully committed for trial at the March assize, then but a few days distant. At the period at which these incidents occurred, I was a young man going on my first circuits. ' I had not as yet been honored with perhaps more than three or four briefs, and these. only in cases so slightly productive of fees, that I, was com pelled to study economy in my excursions. In stead of taking up my residence at an inn when visiting ? , a 'considerable seaport, . where the court held its sittings, I dwelt iii lodgings kept by a widow lady, where, at a small expanse, I could enjoy perfect quietness, free from interrup tion. - ..:??? . ? : ... . , On the evening after my arrival on the March cir cuit of the year 17— - I was sitting in my lodgings, perusing a new work on criminal jurisprudence,, when the landlady, after tupping at the door, i»nt«iwl mi' rriom. '??'? ' I am sorry to trouble 3'ou, sir,' said she ; ' but a lady has called to see you about a very distress ing law case— very distressing indeed, and a very strange case it is too. Only if you could be so good as see her?' 'Who is she?' . v : .... ? ? 'All I know about it is this: she is a Mrs. Harvey...' She , and -her husband .-and children were to sail yesterday for Boston. AH were on board 'except the husband ; and he, on leaving the large hotel over the way; was taken 'up for a robbery. Word was in the evening sent by the prisoner to his wife to come on shore with nil her children and the luggage ; and so she came back iii the pilot boat, and was in such a state of dis tress, that my brother who is. on the preventive service, and saw her land, took pity on her,. and had her and her children, and her things taken to a lodging on the quay. As my brother knows, that we have a London lawyer staying' here, he has advised the poor woman to come and consult you about the case.' ??.?',' . ,, ; : : - ; 'Well, I'll see what can be done., Please de sire the lady to step in.' . . A lady was shortly shown in. She had been' pretty, and was so still, but anxiety was pic tured in her pale countenance. Her dress was plain, but not inelegant ; and altogether she had a neat and engaging nppoaraiice. 'Be so good as sit down,'; said I, bowing; ' and toll me all you would like to say.'. The poor woman burst into tears, but after wards recovering herself, she told me pretty nearly the whole of her history and that of her husband. . Lawyers have occasion to see so much, dupli- city, that I did not all at once give assent to the idea of Harvey being innocent of .the crime 'of which he stood charged. .''?'?., ' There is something perfectly inexplicable in the case,' 1 observed, 'and it would require sifting. Your husband, I hope, has, always borne ?a good character ?'?.?? ' . . ?_ 'Perfectly so. He was no doubt unfortunate in business ; but he got his certificate on the first examination; and there are many whn would testify to his uprightness.' And here, again, my client broke into tears, as if overwhelmed with her recollections and prospects. ' I think I recollect Mr. Harvey's shop,'1 said 1, soothingly. ' It seemed a very respectuble con cern, and we must see what can be done.- Keep up your spirits; the on y fear I have arises from the fact of Judge A ? being on the bench. He is usually considered severe, and if exculpaloi} evidence fail, your husband may run the risk of being— transported.'' A word of more terrific im port, with which I was about to conclude, stuck unuttered in my throat. 'Have you employed an attorney t' 1 added. . ., ; ' No ; I have done nothing as yet, but apply to you, , to beg of-you- to be my husband's counsel.' .- . ? .'. . '.'.' r 'Well, that must be looked to. I shall speak to a local agent, 'to preparcrand work out the case: and wesliallall do ourutmost to get an ac quittal. To-morrow I willcall on your husband in prison.' \ ' ; ' . ; Many thanks' were offered by the. unfortunate lady, and she withdrew.' ?'' .-'.', - I am not going to iufliet on the reader a de tailed account of this remarkable . trial, which turned, as barristers would say, on a beautiful point. of.. circumstantial evidence. Along with tho attorney, a sharp enough person in his way, I examined various- 'parties at the hotel, anil made myself acquainted with tho nature of the premises. The more we investigated, however, the more dark and mysterious— always suppos ing Harvey's innocence— did the whole case appear. There was not one redeeming trait in the affair, except Harvey's previous good character; and good character, by. the law of England, goes for nothing in opposition to facts proved to the satisfaction of a jury. It was like wise most unfortunate that A ? was to be the presiding judge. This man possessed great fov rensic acquirements,. and was of spot!e3S private character, but, like the majority of lawyers of that day — when it was no extraordinary thing to hang twenty men in a morning at Newgate — he was a staunch stickler for the gallows as the only effec: timl reformer and safeguard of the social state.1 Atthia time he was but partially recovered from a long and severe indisposition, and the traces of recent suffering were distinctly apparent on' his pale and passionless features. Harvey was arraigned in due form ; the evi dence was gone carefully through ; and everything so far as 1 was .concerned, was done that man could do. But at the time to which. I refer, counsel was. not allowed to .address .the court on behalf of the prisoner,— -a practice since introduced from Scotland— and conso quently I was allowed'. iio .opportunity to draw the attention of the jury to the total want of any direct evidence of the prisoner's guilt. Har vey himself, tried to point out the unlikelihood of his being guilty; buthe was not a man gifted with dialectic' qualities, and his harangue fell pointless on the understandings of the°twelve common-place individuals who sat. in the jury box. The judge finally proceeded to sum tho evidence, and this he did emphatically against the prisoner— dwelling with much force on the suspicious circumstance of a needy man taking up his abode at an expensive fashionable hotel ; his furtive descent from his apartments by the back shiirs ; the undoubted fact of the watch being found, in his trunk ; the improbability of any one putting it there but himself; aud tho extreme likelihood that the robbery was oflected in a few moments of time by the culprit, just as he passed from the bar o'f the hotel to' the room which he had occupied. ' If,' said he to the jury, in concluding his address, ' you can' after all these circumstnnces, believe 'the pri soner to be' innocent of the crime laid to' his' charge, it is more than I can do. The thin » seems to me as clear as the sun. at 'noonday .- The evidence, in short, is irresistible ; and if the just and necessary provisions of the -law- arc not inibreed in such very pTaiiVcascs, then society will be dissolved; andseeurity for pro perty there will be none. Gentlemen, retire and make up your. verdict;' ?.,..... The jury were not disposed to retire. After communing a fetv minutes together, one of them stood up and delivered aho verdict: ii, was Guilty I The judge assumed the crowning badge of the judicial potentate— the black cap, aud the clerk of arraigns asked the prisoner at the bar, in the usual form, if he had anything to urge why sentence of death should not be passed upon him. ? .'.'.: Poor Harvey; 1 durst scarcely look at him j As the sonorous words fell on his ear, he was grasping nervously with shaking hands at the front of the dock. He appeared stunned, be wildered, as a man but have awakened from a hideous dream might be supposed to look. He had comprehended, though he:' had scarcely heard, the verdict; for on ;the. -instant, the voice which but a few years before sang to him by the brook side, was ringing through his brain, and he could recognise the little pat tering feet of his children, as sobbing and: clinging to their shrieking mother's dress/ she and they were hurried out of court. The clerk, after1 a painful pause, repeated the solemn formula; By a strong effort, the doomed man mastered his agi tation : his pale countenance lighted up with in dignant lire, and firm and self-jjosscssed, he thus, replied to the fearful interrogatory,:— . i 'Much could I say in the name, 'not of mercy, but of justice, why the sentence about to be passed; on me should not be pronounced ; but nothing, alas ! that will avail me with, you, pride -blinded ministers of death. You fashion to yourselves — out of your own vain conceits do you fashion — modes and instruments, by the aid of '? which i you fondly imagine to invest yourselves with at- '- tributes which belong only 'to 'Omniscience ; and; now I warn you— and it is- a voice, from the! tomb, in whoso shadow I already stand, which ? addresses you — that you are about to commit a most cruel and deliberate'inurdev.' He paused, and the jury looked into each other's eyes for the courage they could :nofc find iu their own hearts. The voice of conscience spoke, but was only for a few moments audible. Tho suggestions that what grave parliaments, learned judges, and all classes of ' respecta bility1 sanctioned, could not be wrong, much less murderous 'or cruel; ' silenced 'the 'still, small' tones; and tranquillised- the startled jurors. — , v ? 'Prisoner at the bar,' said the judge with his cold, calm voice of destiny, I, cannot listen to such observations .':' yon have been found guilty '; of a heinous offence by a juvyof your countrymen after a pafent tricl. With that finding I need scarcely say I cntirly agree. I am as satisfied oi' your guilt as if I had seen you commit the act with my own bodily eyes... The (;ircumstance,pf your being a person who, from habits rind education, should have beon abovo committing so base a d im v ouly aggravates your guilt, ' However, no mat ter who or what you have been, you must expiate your offence on the scaffold The law has: very properly, for the safety of society, decreed the punishment of . death for such crimes,; our only and plain duty is to execute that law.' ; ' The. prisoner did not reply : ho was leaning i with his .elbows' on' the front of the dock, his ? bowed face covered with his outspread hands, and the judge passed sentence of death in the accustomed form. The coiirt then rose, and a turnkey placed his. hand upon the prisoner's arm, to lead him away. Suddenly he uncovered his face, drew himself up to iiia full height —ho was , a remarkably tall man— and glared fiercely, round upon 'the audi ence, like a wild ; animal at bay. ' My lord,' he cried or rather shouted, in an excited voice'. The judge motioned. impatiently to f'tliu jailor, and strong hands impelled the prisoner from the front of the dock. Bursting from them, he again sprang forward, and his arms outstretched, whilst his glittering eye seemed to hold the judge spsll bound, exclaimed, ~ '.My lord, before another month has passed away, youJ will appear at the bar of another world, to answer for the life, the innocent life, which God bestowed upon me, but which \ oa have impiously east away :\n a thing 'if nauylit and scorn!' Ho ceased, anil -vas at onco borne oil. The court, in some confusion, hastily departed. It was thought at the time that the judge's evidently failing health had sug gested the prophecy of the prisoner. It only ex cited a few days' wonder, and was forgotten. The position of a barrister in such circumstan ces is always painful. I need hardly say that my own feelings were of a very distressing kind. Conscious that if the unfortunate man really was guilty, he was at least not deserving of capital punishment, I exerted myself to procure a reprieve. In the first place I waited privately on the judge ; but iie would listen to no proposal for a respite. Along with a number of individuals — chiefly of the Society of Friends — I petitioned the crown for a commutation of the sentence. But being unaccompanied with a recommendation from the judge, the prayer of our petition of course was disregarded : the law, it -was said, must take its course. How much cruelty has been exercised under shelter of that remorseless expression ! I would willingly pass over the succeeding events. Unable to savu his life, I endeavoured to soothe the ft-w remaining hours of the doomed convict, and frequently visited him in tho con demned cell. The morn I saw pi him, the deeper grew my sympathy in his cas'e, which was that of no vulgar felon. 'I have been a most un fortunate man,' said ho one day to me. '.A. destiny towards ruin in fortune and in life has pursued me. I feel as if deserted by God and man ; yet I know, or at least would pesuade myself, that Heaven will one day vindicate my inno cence of this four charge. To think of being hanged like a dog for a crime at which my soul revolts ! Great is the crime of those im becile jurors and that false and hard-hearted judge, who thus, by an irreversible decree, con sign a fclJow-morlal to a death of violence and disgrace. Oh C-rod, help me — help me to sus tain that bitter, bitter hour ! ' And then the poor man would throw himself on his bed and weep. But the parting with his wife and children. What pen can describe that terrible interview ! They kno't in prayer, their wo-begone counte nances suffused in tears, and with hands clasped convulsively together. The scene was too harrowing snd sacred for the eye- of a stranger. I rushed from the cell, and buried myself in my lodgings, whence I did not re move till all was over. Next, day James Hrivvey, a victim of circumstantial evidence, aud of a barbarous criminal code,' perished on the. scaffold. ? .... ; , . , : . Three weeks afterwards, the court arrived at a populous city in the, west of England. Ithad in the interval visited another assize to. vn, and there Judge A— had' left 'three for execution. At tho trials 'of these inch, however, I had not attended. So shocked had been my feelings with the mournful event which had taken place at — , that I had gone into W : ?-? for the sake of change, of scene. After im. jg about for a fortnight amidst the wild solitudes of Caernar vonshire, I took the stage for the city which I knew the court was to* visit, and arrived on the day previous:to the opening of the assizes: 'Well, are we to have a heavy calendar?' I inquired next morning of a brother barrister on entering the court. .'''': ' ' ' ' Bather light.for a March assize,' replied the impatient; counsel' as he bustled' onward. '_ There's Cartwright'.s case— highway robbery^ in which I am , for -the prosecution. He'll swing for it, and perhaps four or five others.' CA good : hanging judge is A — — '; 'said the under- sheriff, who nt this moment joined us, rub bing his hands, as if pleased with the prospect of a few executions. 'No chance of the prophecy yonder coming to pass Isupposo?' . ' - ? ,? 'Not hi the. least;,' replied the bustling counsel ' He never looked better. , His illness has gone completely off. ' And this day's work will brighten him up.' , ...' ' .Cartwright's trial came on. I had never seen the man before, and was not aware that this was vitbe same poison «whf-m-'Harvcy-llad incidentally' told me he had discharged for theft ; the truth !-emg; (hat to the last moment of his existence, that unfortunate man had not known how much lie had .been a sacrifice to this wretch's malice. Ui6, crime; of which the villain now stood. accu- sed, was that 'of robbing a farmer of the paltry sum of eight shillings, in the neighbourhood 6;' Ilfracombe. He pleaded not gnihy, but put in no defence. A verdict was recorded against him and m. due form A- — — sentenced to be hanged. An expression of fiendish malignancy gleamed over the haggard features of the felon as he asked leave to address a few words to the court. It was granted: Leaning forward, and raising his neavyscowling eyes to tho judge, lie thus began : ' Ihere is something on' my mind, my lord— a dreadful crime— which, as jam to die for the eight shillings I took from the farmer, I may as well; confess. ' ,Ypu may remember Harvey,' my. lord, whom you hanged the, other day Jit - — — p ',.:-?-.-?.- . . , - '.-.'- ' What of him, fellow? ' replied the judge, his features suddenly flushing crimson. '? ' r _ 'Why, my lord, only this— that he was as innocent of the -crime for which you handed him as the child yet unborn ! I did the deed ! Jput the watch in his trunk ! ' And to the unutterable horror of the entire court, he related the whole particulars of the transaction, .the origin' of his grurVe against Harvey, and his delighton brin-»- ' ing him, to the gallows. .,-. '__. , .. ,' : ; ' Inhuman, execrable villain V' gasped the iudn-e' in extreme excitement. ; .,.:..'.,. i ° ^ ;. ?- Cleverly done, though! Was it not' my lord? rejoined the ruffian with fitter irony, 'the evi-; dence,.you know, was irresistible; 'the crime as clear as the sun rat-noonday ; and if, iu such plain cases, the^f and necessarylaw was riot enforced, society would.be dissolved, and there would be no security for property !: These were your words, 1 think. How. on that occasion I admired your lordships judgment and eloquence! Society would be dissolved ,f an innocent man were not hanged ! Ha !-ha !_ha ! Capital -I— Onpitnl ! shouted the ferocious felon with demoniac glee'; as henurked the effect of his words on the couh'i tenance of the judge. ... .-?.-. ? , ,, i. ?' rulemo've the prisoner ! .' cried the sheriff. An! .officer |was about to do so ; but the judo-e mo tioned him to -desist. His lordship's features worked convulsively. He seemed striving to ! speak, but the words would not c^' '?-. . .-.,'. _ ' I . suppose., my 1 ord,' ?contii i i.w .. Cart-wright ', m low and hissing tones, as the shadow of un utterable despair grew and settled on his fnce— ?J' 1 suppose you know that his wife destroved - herself. The coroner's jury said she had fallen ' accidentally into the water. :/ know .better : She -drowned herself under the agonies of a! broken heart ! I saw her corpse, with the'dead ; baby in its arms ; and then I felt.'kiip'w, that I ' was lost! Lost, doomed, to' 'evo'rlastih' perdi tion! BuVmy ldrd'^-and here the' wretch br.olce into a howl wild and terrific—' we shall go down together— down to where your deseris are Known A-n-n !; tliat pinches you, does it? Hound of a judge !? legal murdorer! coward ! I spurn and spit upon thee ! ' The rest of thp appalling objurgation was inarticulate, as the monster, foaming and sputtering, was dragged by an officer from the dock. b Judge A— -had fallen forwards on' his face fainting and speechless wifh the violence of his emotions. :; The b,lack: cap had dropped, from his brow. His hands .were stretched out across the bench, and. various members of the bar rushed to-. his assistance. The court broke tin in fe»rful commotion. ? Two days afterwards the county paper had the following announcement:-— '?'?'?? \- ' Died nt the Eoyal Hotel,-— , on the 27th .instant, Judge A—, from an access of fever supervening upon a disorder from which he had imperfectly -recovered.' The prophecy was fulfilled ! , A Royal Bekakfast.— A Lillo newspaper has the following :— ' During the stay of Prince Albert at Boulogne, the Emperor and his guest made frequent excursions. One clay the Emperor and the Prince, in ploin clothes, took an airing of some hours' duration with i some persons of their suites. Breakfast time having arrived, the illustrious guests entered a public house. Ou seeing them the innkeeper expressed his regret that he had nothing to offer them ; a regiment, he said, had passed that ? way, and purchased all his provisions. ' Never mind,' said the Emperor ; ' give me a table — that will do ; and request the mayor of the commune to come to me.; Some minutes after, the worthy magistrate, who had been at work in the fields, entered without the slightest ceremony. The unknown visitors had caused provisions to be spread from a van which ac companied them, and they cordially invited the mayor to join breakfast with them. It was only at the end' of the repast that the Em peror, after having enquired respecting all that concerned the commune, made himself known.' The Gheek Church and the Pope. — In the summer of this year (1254) some nobles and men of high rank came out of the Greek empire, dressed in rich clothing, riding fine horses, and attended by a well-equipped retinue, with about fifty sumpter horses. These men presented themselves before the pope, and accused him,, in harsh terms, of erring enormously in faith, and, by his ex ample, of inducing all the Latins to do the same; for they, the Latins, say that' the Holy Ghost proceeds from the Father and the Son, whereas, accordiug to the approved opinions of the Greeks, it is affirmed to pro ceed only from the Father. This is the old error of the Greeks, which the Latins reject aud reprobate, being, coulirmed in their opinion by strong authorities and reasonings, too tedious to mention. Another subject of dispute between theiri is, whether the terms ' procession' and ' mission' arc identical, or different in their meaning, which we leave to be discussed ? by arguments. They also said that simony aud usury are inherent in the court of Rome, which they would prove by the most clear proofs and examples ; for that which the general report has spread abroad can scarcely be contrary to-truth, or at least to human belief. : However, it is pious to believe that such ' acts, perpetrated on the advice of the wicked, . ought not. to be set down to the pope's decision. Upon being examined as to the articles of their faith and their sacraments,, they gave tolerably satis factory answers, and when they were in a state of doubt, some of them -willingly received instruction. The pope made them presents of some rich , garments . of searlet, trimmed with costly furs, and silk belts studded with silver and gold, and. with valuable clasps, whereof they might well be proud. — Matthew Paris, Vol., III. Bolm's Antiquarian Library. . SiMPHEiioi'oii and . Ac-Metchet. — Between plain, and mountain stands the modern town of / Shnpheropol, and her elder sister, Ac Metchet (the white mosque), clinging to gether, but not embracing, with smiles on the face, but rancour in the heart. They are not the offspring of the same father. The elder is the Tartar's daughter—- modest, unassuming, and retiring ; the younger, a bold Russian wench, covered with paint and tinsel, wearing ornamentswhich she has stolen from a Gre cian1 beauty ;' her self-esteem ever prominent; and, with wanton vanity, displaying those outward, vulgar charms,;whicli ill coucealthe rottenness within. The neV- part of Simphe ,ropol is indeed, but- another'- sample of a Russian provincial capital, in addition to those we have so often described, though better than the generality of them. . It has wide streetsj straggling - houses, painted Proofs; 'conspicuous churches, fine public buildings, well kept gar dens, rattling droskies, and a tolerably good German hotel, at which we took up onr quarters. A population of about twelve thousand souls, of which half are Tartars, a quarter Russians, and the rest made 'up of gipsies, Jews, Greeks, and Armenians, .pro duces a mixture of- costumes, aud a clatter of tongues, which we now heartily desired to, exchange for the more interesting sight of the simple Tartar, in the quiet .little villages of his mountain haunts. This wish, however, did not prevent us 'exploring thoroughly the Tartar quarter of :the town ? in the streets of which, containing ;the private houses', nothing was to be seen but an occasional phantom, issuing from what might well have been the gloomy, portal of a sepulchre, flitting across our path, arid vanishing . in an instant, within another equally i mysterious 'door, ? which closed silently- and with magic quickness. These were the Tartar women, wrapped up in white, head, face, and body, with nothing left but two brilh'aut eyes and a pair of yellow mo rocco boots. Once we saw from an unfor tunate hitch in the large pantaloon, a very tiny piece of— -do not be shocked, fair reader — ' stockiugless leg. to indicate that warm, living flesh and blood wore* there. The Tartar «jtiz,u,ars oi oimpncropoi cuuer out little from those of Karasubazar, excepting that they are rather cleaner. The manufactures are of the same description. We remained two nights; at Simpheropol, much enjoying the luxury of clean beds.— The Baltic, the Black Sea, and the Crimea. By Charles Henry Scott. . ; ? The Savage and the Civilised.— I often invited the chiefs, and in particular Maugus Colorado, to dine with me. On these occasions their conduct was marked with as much deco rum as though they had been used to civilised society all their lives'; though it is true they jSometimes exhibited a curiosity to understand the nature of the dishes that were placed be fore them, and generally wished to have a taste of everything. After a little they showed a disposition to take more liberties ; and when my guest had finished his meal, he managed to leave his plate pretty well filled, and beckoned to another' to take his seat. This was sub mitted to once or twice; but, finding it en croached too -much ; on my/ supply, I no longer iuvai,eu any to ray taDie. ..j. was willing to give a place to a chief occasionally, but to have half a dozen hungry fellows standing outside waiting to take their turn, was more than I was able or willing to put up with. They knew that we had killed several bears, and that we ate their flesh. They always asked if we had bear on the table, for they wished to avoid it, but, with our cooking, could not tell it from beef. I never deceived them, nor urged; them to eat bear's meat. I found they had some 'superstitious prejudice against it, but could never prevail on them to tell. me what.it was. Duricg this time the members of the commission went about freely in small parties or alone, for twenty or thirty miles around our camp, and were on no occasion molested. They also visited the Apache camps, where they were well received. Our waggons with stores, went ' unprotected to and from the surveyors, and their attend ants, who were scattered in small parties for fifty miles along the- line, where the escort could afford them but little protection. Hence the great importance to the success of the commission in maintaining friendly rela tions with these Indians. My experience es tablished the truth of the opinion I had always entertained, that kind treatment, a rigid ad herence to what is right, and a prompt and in variable fulfilment of all promises, would secure the friendship of the Apaches, a tribe of In dians which has the reputation of being tho most hostile. and teacherous to the 'whites of any between the Rio Grande and the Pacific. It is the conduct of unprincipled traders and emigrants, who sow the seeds of intemperance and vice among them, which has created most of the difficulties before experienced. These men defraud them of their property, and, oa the slightest pretence, take their lives. That the Indians feel the deepest hatred towards the Mexicaus is true, aud they certainly have reason for entertaining a strong antipathy to that people. Acts of treachery of the grossest aid cruellest description have been practised by the Mexicans towards them ; and, though, years have passed away since these events oc curred, they are not forgotten by the Apaches. The desire of revenge, or as we should term it in our own case, of retributive justice, seems, instead of diminishing, to acquire increased in tensity, with the lapse of time/;_ But, bad as the conduct of the Mexicans may have been towards these Indians, they never-. were guilty of a more fiendish act than one perpetrated on them by an Englishman, some twelve or four teen years ago, in the northern part of Sonora. The particulars as related to me are' briefly these ; and having hoard them both at El Paso and at Arispe, I have no doubt of their cor rectness. It seems that in consequence of the depredcitions of the Indians, the state of Sonora offered a premium of 100 dollars for each Apache scalp. A disgrace to his nation, named Johnson, actuated by the reward, in duced a large party of Apaches, men, women, and children, to assemble around a quantity ' of goods which he had brought among them ostensibly for the purpose of trade. He had concealed beneath some saddles and flour bags, a cannon heavily loaded with shot and a piece of chain, near which was a man pretending to smoke. At a signal given by Johnson, this man suddenly uncovered the breech of the gun and touched it off, the rest of his party at the same time discharging their small arms among the terrified Indians, who fell on every side. When the survivors had collected their senses, and saw the Americans preparing for another volley, they rallied, and, being the larger party, put Johnson and his crew to flight. A skirmish afterwards took place, in which the Indians met with further loss. After so base and villainous an act, it is not surprising that the Apaches look upon all white men as their enemies, whether Mexicans or Americans.— Bartleit's Personal Narrative of Explorations in Texas, New Mexico, -yc, in connection with the United States Commission. A Frenchman's Description of an English House. — You enter. The house, which is not usually wider than two or three ordinary win dows, can afford only the narrowest space for a staircase. This staircase is almost always of wood, and creaks dreadfully when trodden upon. It is covered with a band of carpet or oilcloth. The windows are ornamented with painted blinds. You enter your sitting room. A carpet covers the floor all the j'ear round; but this carpet is again covered with bits of other carpet or linen bands which almost hide the funda mental carpet. The walls are covered with a blazing pattern after a French design. I ob tained some prints to hang up, but the landlady was horrified at the idea of driving nails into her splendid paper, ? and placed them upon chairs. This accounted for what I had often mistaken for carelessness ; viz. that in order to avoid driving nails into walls the English will stand pictures upon chairs about their rooms. Even for a Keubeus or a Lawrence, they would not drive a nail through paper of the value of two shillings a pieee. An immense table, covered with an 'im- mense blue cloth, with an immense fringe, takes up an immense space in my sitting room. Lift the cloth and you discover a table as substantial as a bridgo supported by enormous columns. It cannot be a table, it must be an entresol. I can throw my papers and books carelessly about it even when the vast breakfast tray is upon it, and then desert- steppes of great extent are left around. Should this table ever become fossil, it will, discover to -future generations a speci men of the colossal furniture of our time. Then there is a long, massive, faded sofa that has suf fered from the effect of the carboniferous atmos phere, it is hard, and in no way inviting. The eye does not care to rest upon it ; and the eye is right. Chairs, which , can be lifted only with two. hands, are distributed here and there; but the most curious part of the furniture is a 'huge ebony affair opposite the window. Think of two towers united by a platform or terrace. Each tower has two stories. The first story is divided into two parts, — let us say, two rooms. Under the platform, which is ornamented with a mas sive sculptured balcony, is a secret passage which but for its Babylonian proportions, might be called a drawer. I never asked the use of this wooden edifice : it might be either a fortress or an organ. If we were all about the size of Poly phemus, I should think it was an ugly sideboard in -, some dining room inhabited by a Cyclops. But, as human affairs stand, I'cannot see what use it can serve, except perhaps for a barricade ! Do you wi3h to roast an ox ? Come to my room in London ; everything is colossal here. ' The grate is so large that a little fire canuot be made in it on a day in June. It wants no little effort to lift the shovel or tongs. Above this colossal grate is a glass, but placed so high that I can only catch a glimpse of my eyebrows in it.- Two immense bell-ropes with cockades as large as 'the top of a hat complete this formidable furniture, in the midst of which a man is a Lilliputian. I need not dwell upon the details of my bedroom furniture. The bed, which should be' capacious, is narrow like a berth on board a steam- boat, and the mattress is. about as elastic as a sea biscuit. — Jule's Leconte. 