AGRICULTURE. At last the attention of the legislature — when it is upon its last legs — no doubt preparing to give an account of its stewardship— is now directed to the consideration of the subject of our food supplies for the hundreds of thousands of human beings inhabiting these colonies. A Committee has been appointed to inquire into the state of our agricul tural regulations, and the manner in which they operate upon our supply. Another Committee has been selected to inquire into and report upon the adulteration of the common articles of food with deleterious ingredients, and the nature and extent of any existing laws forbidding the sale of such unwholesome articles. Very good ! We shall see the upshot. Now we would like to ask, is there any reasonable being in this community who believes that any inqui sition by a legislative body, such as that of New South Wales— about to give up the ghost to the sources, from which' it emanated — will ever issue in any material benefit 4o the public? The absurdity appears to be manifest ; but it may be a very creditable display on the part of the " honorable house " to shew its anxiety to learn the how and the why their constituents are starving. What better will we be for any report that may be remitted from a select number of members, who are notoriously interested in maintaining ruinous prices of the staple article of food ? The very constitution of the Honourable House is based upon wrong principles, Numineeship and Squatto- cracy, both of which are antagonistic to the cultivation of the land, and, how can we expect that a clean thing can come out of an unclean ? Besides, do we not already know the causes of the suppj- ession of agriculture without hunting up for blue book information to teach us a more than thousand times told tale. Who is there who does not know that the resources of the survey department are not efficient or commensurate with, the duties expected, but never received at its hands? Who is there who does not know that the old holders of .Gvernnmnt grants, the small pigmy purchasers of land, contrive amongst them to pass a law, empowering themselves to grow grain for their own especial benefit, and restricting the holders of leases from producing a single ear of corn, a cabbage or a potatoe to supply the public ! There are surely none so obtuse as to require information on that subject. But it is implied that the want of a great agricultural population arises from the " social condition of the people," or from the physical character of the country. The' condition of the people has nothing in it to distinguish itself from that. of other communities, when there is abundance of agricultural energy. The condition of every farmer arriving here from other parts of the world is certainly mistaken, but stranger as he may be, he knows in a moment that he has no chance of following his favourite pursuit, from the want of a bit of ground to cultivate. He requires uo com mittee to tell him the cause of that. What the " physical" character of the conn try has to do with the enquiiy we cannot comprehend, nor by any stretch of imagination reconcile with common sense. There are millions of acres of the richest arable lands in this territory, that nii.:ht be available for the production of wheat, vhich we now purchase at ruinous prices, from South America, and for the production of potatoes whieh are provided to us at £1S a ton, by the much- abused Lynch Lawyer of California. But these millions of acres are denied to us. The members of the house have decided that the acres must remain unploughed and barren in order that their land grants and small purchases shall jointly with the speculating merchants mono polize the supply of food. It is neither the " physical character of the country," nor the social condition of the people, that is at the bottom of the evil which is now complained of so lustily, and which has been borne with so long. It is not altogether attributable to the " policy of the Government," aitnougn tnat is baa enougn, uoa Knows, Jiut tne real curse of the colony lies within the Constitution of the Honorable House, and nowhere 'else ; and all that its Members may brag of in their own favour, will not remove the damning fact, that they locked the lands up from the public, and debarred a poor squatter from selling a bushel of grain to supply the necessary demands of his neighbours, and the inhabitants of the great towns, into which the population has been gradually crammed. The Council must go to the right about, before we shall see agriculture encouraged in New South Wales. We have no trust to place in its professions, however highly we may esteem several of its Members. However much they may condemn the policy of the Government, and make that their scapegrace, the grand grievance is themselves. They did the deed ; they now cry out when it is rather late in the day, and that too, when they know, as well as we do, that they will have to shut their shop before they can render the slightest assistance to the public. Meantime we must be reconciled to our fate. — We must continue to pay high prices for bad flour, light bread, and imported potatoes! Lord help this poor land of gold, the rulers of which have ordained that in the midst of the finest soil, and in the finest climate in the world, the industrious poor shall continue to be restricted from growing a cabbage ! 1 