Local Intelligence. The Gazette.-One hundred pounds re- ward, and a conditional pardon, is offered for the apprehension of Wm. Driscoll, (Dido), and George King, for the robbery of Mr Clerke of Malahide.... Mr John Barber is appointed town surveyor at Westbury. Removal -It will be seen from our advertis- ing columns, that Dr Stuart has removed from his fnrnriV residence, to those premises in Mao qunrie-strcer, next to the Aurtraslia Bank, and lately in the occupation of Alderman Thomson. Evangelical Union.-flie usual monthly meeting was held in Brisbane-street chapel last evening. The following ministers were present -Revs W. Dnv, Kerr Johnstone, R. M'LeaU, G. Clarke, - Simson, - Cope, J. Nisbet, and J. M Sti otigman. In consequence, of tho indis- position of the Rov. F Miller, the minister of the chapel, the Rev. G. Clarke presided. Tho Revc U. M'L-an, Kerr Johnstone, and Mr. Cope engaged in prayer. The Rev. Mr. Simson gave the address on tho " Influence of the Mimi over the Body " The atti i'dance was good, and it was onitoimced that tho next meeting would be held in Chalroer's Free Church, when an address will be delivered on the " Sin agaiust the Holy Ghost '» Thl Eastbun Coast.-We are glad io hear that the company lately establised at Hobart Town for the purpose of running the steamer Mimosa to George's Bay, Falmouth, Swansea, and the other ports on the Eastern coast of the colony, is progressing favorably. The settlers near George's Bay, Falmouth, and Cullenswood, and even of Fingal and its neighboihood, find it much better to ship their produce to Hobart Town by steam, than send it by a long and bad road to Launceston. Wc hear that the settlers near Falmouth have alone been able to freight the steamet, and even another vessel is ta'ked of as likely soon to be required tornect the growing ne- cessities of the farmers on the Eastern Coast. This looks like pi ogress in a locality which, not; withstanding the money spent on it in the palmy diys of the probation system, has been almost isolated, and it is very satis- factory to be able to record it. We hear, also, that Mr. T. Ransom, who owns the only mill in the district, has lately imported from England, machinery by which he has been able to manufac- ture flour of* a quality which is aheady thought highly of in Hobart Town ; and to the exer- tions of lum and Mr. H. Cowell, the residents near Falmouth are indel ted for the Constructioá of a temporary jetty at that place, which is of great advantage in shipping produce. Unfortu- nately, the very exposed position of Falmouth ren- ders it an unsafe place for shipping, and an engi- neer in Hobart: Tonn has pioposed a floating breakwater, which might, we are informed, be con- structed at a small cost. We would suggest to the gentlemen interested, that they should make a re pi esentatioh to government, through the member for the district, accompanied with the necessary plans, und we have little doubt Sir Henry Young ?" would give all the assistance in his power to enable the settlers to effect this very desirable improve- ment. On Friday evening.between six and seven o'clock; as district constable Sullivan was walking in the neighbourhood of lower Yoik street, near the Cataract Hill, he found two men lying on the ground apparently dead. He at once procured the attendance of Dr. Maddox*, who ordered the re. moval of one of the men to the hospital, and the other was taken into a house in the neighbourhood. Their names are Arthur Dennis and James Mark- ham. Mr. Sullivan lodged three men in custody on suspicion of being the parties concerned, and the police have also in their possession a huge she oak stick, with which, it is believed, the injuries were inflicted. There is no reason at all to sup- pose that the affray had anything to do with the election.-Launceston Examinar. Total Abstinence Society:.-The first district meeting of the parish of St Georges, was held in the St George's school-room, on Fridajr evening last, at seven o'clock, their was s fair at« tendance Mr Crouch was called to the chair, and opened the meeting in a short, pithy speech, after which tho Reverends Dr Fry, Kerr, John- ston, Messrs Smith Doyle, and Andrews, seve. rally addressed the meeting. The Rev Kerr Johnston, spoke at some length on the subjeot of total abstinence, reading extracts from several periodicals lately received from England and America, and also of the recent legislative ,enaetment, closing public houses on the Sunday, and a desire lor further interference by the legis- lature : bo was followed by Mr Smith, who disre- garded legislative ' interference, and placid greater confidence in getting persons, particu- larly tho young, to take the pledge, also excusing tho licensed victuallers for their opposition to 2 measure affecting so sei iously their iutorests, and stating, that he, tor one, would pay them a fair remuneration for the sacrifice, it they would close their homes for the cale of intoxicating liquors. Mr Doyle amused tho assembly much, by giving an account of the onslaught by himself and ft tends, on the first temperance movement) jT\j lo/** 1 ationfrfl L totrby**®^ in», he Jj, taking as they did, bibles under their arms, beat their opponents by scriptural illustration^ h is friends one by one deserted by bim, besten' argument, and the fear of being left «Ion», . _ then slided over to the temperance side,', HU ,, kit ho could, at that tima, have easily stored in á , hat, but so much had his oircurastanoo improved under teototallsm, ho was now ia comfortable ' ciroumstancos. Paper and writing materials having been provided, were next handed round the room, for Iho names of those persons who de- termined upon joining the society, being thon* r about half-past nine o'clock, an adjourumeut of the meeting took place. - , " O'Bbien'b Bridoe.-Eliza Baker add Eli» Baker, mother and daughter! underwent magis- terial examination jesterday before Mi Burgess,od a charge of steiling two fl >wer pots valued at one shilling each, the property of Mr Stevenson; " Dusty Miller, O'Briens Bridge. The flower, pots had been kept on the parlor window; and were missed on Saturday morning, when Mrs Stevenson went to the residenoo of prisoners, who had been at the Dusty Miller the previous even, log, when tho mother said she would send lb« daughter after the flowor-pots, and she went about three miles into the bush, where tho flower- s pots «ero found in the scrub. The apprehending _ constable deposed to having compared soma foot " tracks in Mr Stevenson'« garden with the daughJ tor's boots; and foun I them to correspond' HI« Worship d'gfaarged tim mother, and commUtad «B>-»* - ' r ' ??'"' ' -?* ' the d a ugh tor for trial. Mr Burgess remarked ' 'that this was one of the oases that should be the subject of summary jurisdiction. Absconding - Catherine Williams, for ab 'scoiiding from the service of Mr Anderson, baker, Mscquarie-sti eet, was yeoterday sentenced by the 'sitting justices, Messrs Burgess and Mo-.es, to 12 'months' hard labor. Several other abscondors Vere dealt with by their worships. _ . Boa. Robbery- Jeremiah Dugan and Peter Norman, who bad been apprehended on a charge 'of stealing flour and other articles, the property ' of Christopher Cooper of South Brun!, on Friday last, were brought to the police, bar, yesterday. Dugan was discharged on the representation of Detectivo Constable Gordon, that there was no ' ease «Raittst. him. Christopher Cooner deposed . ' that he left a boat at the Wharf, on Friday, with some things in ; he afterwards missed the boat .and contents, namely two casks of beef, a cask oj beer, and two bags of flour. Aman named John ' Carter, ia Mr Champ's employ, deposed to hav * ing seen a dray proceeding, on Saturday after- noon, along tho road from Sandy Bay to the 'Baths ; and near the baths, the flour, beef, and '' beer in question and now produced were put out ' of a boat on to the dray. The prisoner and ano ' ther man wera there, and as thoy were moving 'off in tho direotion of the Bowling Green Tavern, ' the witness told them his opinion was, the things 'were stolen. Prisoner Norman was the driver and owner of the dray. The things were thrown ' off the dray by Norm in, and witness left them m "charge of Mr Barclay the stonemason, who was 'near the spot, while he fetched constable Gordon. 'Gordon deposed to having apprehended the pri- soner on tho Sandy Bay Road, and taken posses- sion' bf the proporty. Norman told him he had .been employed to oonvoy Jhe things from the boat to the next door to the BowlingGrcen, but he did not know the man who emulo}ed him Pri- soner made a defence to the same effect as stated 'to constable Gordon, and called Mr Jackson, landlord of tho Dr Syntax publio-houso, Sandy Bay Road, who stated that on Saturday after "oen, while Norman's dray was at witness's door, a man ooma up and asked Norman to go and move 'somethings. Norman went with him, leaving some rations in witness's charge while he went, 'They appeared to be strangers to each other. Under the circumstances, the chief police magis -trate, (after conferring with Samuel Moses, Bsq Who was On th> Bench), determinad to remand the case until Thursday next, his Worship con- senting to tako hail, Norman in £100, and two sureties in £50 each. Mr Jackson and Mr Mit- chell were accepted a> sureties. AN OFFICIOUS CONSTABLE. On Saturday Mr and Mrs William*, who re- side in Warwick-street, near Trinity Hill, were charged before the chief police magistrate with disturbing the peace. Mr Brewer appeared for ihe défonce. Constable Warwick deposed that, 'at half-past one o'clock, he heard a noise at Church Hill, and, on going to the spot saw dé- fendants and another constable there. He heard the woman crying, and the man swearing. Constable Goorge deposed that, between one and two o'clock that morning, he saw the female defendant and a man »horn he took to be a sea- man , witness asked what they were doing there she told him it was not his business. Her hus- band oamo out, and they both gave him inso- lence Witness thought it his duty to take them into custody. < Mr Brewer, was proceeding to state the cir "cumstances, but His Worship dismissed the case, saying he had great doubts whether ha should not dismiss the 'constable for his offioiousaess. 