UKE COLLECT IONS OF RUSSIA. THE FOUNDLINGS. ; , . A Tale ' of. St. Pbtersbourg. /or the Advocate by a late residettl.' "You are a good girl Marie, and deserving abetter place in . tne world thfiih the wife of a common soldier, and a far, very far better man than me for a husband." " I am quite willing Michael to be content with my humble lot, and as for a better man than you Michael, I do not know wnat you mean, I am satisfied with your appearance if you only- make your conduct as satisfactory, we shall be happy enough, but come and have some tea, come Euphem and join us here, why are you sitting out there by yourself looking so dull?" " Oh. I did not want to disturb your conversation, and I was just thinking that I wish I was as happy as Michael, in having — well I wont say what — in having some one to get tea ready for him, and nice hot boulkie," said Euphem as he took his seat at the little table at the far end of the room. " I heard to-day, Michael that there was to be a review of all the guards, that General Shlagonov had arrived, and that as soon as the roads are open, his division is to move to Wilna." " Who told you that Marie." " Oh, .1 heard it Michael from some one who knows for' certain." " I hope not Marie or else there will be a sudden end to all my hopes- in St. Petersbourg. as that is my division." " Are you in Shlagonov's division, Michael ?" " Why, certainly I am, Marie ; did you not know that ?" " No, indeed, I thought you were in the 2nd." " So I am, and Shlagonov commands the, 2nd division now.1' " Why, where is General Beteuzov ?" , " Gone to Odessa ; he has been gone this three weeks." " Oh, here is Fuicla ; come, my good Fuicla, come and sit down, and join us in a glass of tea," said Marie placing a chair for her. ".Have you heard anything, Michael ?" ' " No, Fuicla, we have not, but I found Yefil's little bag, and I brought it to give to you, thinking that he might have something in it that you would not like to lose," and he handed her the little bag which she began immediately to overhaul, weeping as she opened each little bundle of thread, or needles, which were carefully wrapped up, till at the last she opened a little bag, and found the money which Michael had placed there, at the the sight of which she wept bitterly." " Come, come Fuicla, do not give -way to grief, he may yet come back, there is no proof that he is lost, I am in hopes we shall hear of him yet." " Oh, no, never Marie, I shall never see my Vefil again, I know that he has met with his death. I am certain that he has been murdered, ah, as sure as I am sitting here, and I am also sure in my mind that I know who murdered him, but without proof I cannot say, but dear Marie when you are alone I have much to tell you, I am sure of it that he has been killed and thrown through the ice." "Through, the ice, Fuicla? why, what can make you think that ?" " I do think it Marie, and have no doubt of it in my own mind, but when we are alone I will tell you more." " But why alone Fuicla? why can you not tell us here now? Michael and Euphem will be as anxious to hear you as I am, will yqu not Michael." " Me ? oh yes, but perhaps Fuicla does not like, and it's cruel in you to press her, and although T should much like to hear all her suspicions, but yet I will not press upon her to reveal them against her will, and further as I am going to leave almost- immediately, yonr patience will not he tried very much;" " It is now nearly time we were off Michael, as we must be in in time to-night." " Yes, Euphem, directly I have finished smoking I win be off with you." - - " Why are you in such a hurry Michael ? you did nottell me that you were going to leave so early." " I did not, it is true, Marie, nor did I say' we wan going to stay late, and so now I will bid you good night. Good night Fuicla, and mind do not frighten my Marie with your ghost stories ; God bless you Marie, and mind don't you let Fuicla lead you into the world of spirits, and frighten you out of your life." - " I shall not alarm her Michael, an innocent mind is not so easily alarmed ; a guilty conscience on the contrary anticipates danger where it is really not ; and by their own' temerity fre quently lead to their destruction; an innocent mind has no fears, of that which they know not ; there are times (at least I think so) that God speaks to us mortals, and admonishes and protects us through the mind ; but have no fear for Marie, so good night to you both." "Why, Fuicla, you really appear cross with doth Michael and Eupliem. I am sure that just before you came in, they .were both speaking of you in the kindest- mariner, in . fact, we, , that is Michael and T, were setting our heads together on your account, in order to prepare for-— " " Tell me, .Marie, who was the first to propose inything in reference to my approaching illness ?" Me, Fuicla." r " Was it really you, Marie ?" "Yes, certainly it was; but why do you aik that so anxiously?" ' 1 "Oh, nothing, only I thought it kind of you aid Michael to be thinking of me and my future ; and I thouglt it seemed opposed to what you wished me just now to thiik, as your hopes of- my husband probably returning, as if youind Michael have been conversing upon that point, it appears hat neither you nor he thinks of my husband coming back,— back, no — he will never come again to my arms excepting asa, spirit." " How strange you talk, Fuicla, the conve3ation that Michael and I had was upon mere supposition, and to be prepared in the event of our worst fears being realied." " Yes, you may well say, worst fears, for I am are that you have no idea of the end my poor husband met ; lit I will not weep," and she dashed the tears from her eyes — " io 1 will not weep — I will do as he said, I will dry my tears andbe calm." "Fuicla, Fuicla, what are you talking about; surely you must not let this trouble weigh so heavy upon you mind, you must drive it all away, banish every thought." \ " Yes, Marie, I do, ' "or your sake, as well asiic; my poor Yefil bid me do so. obey him, I must, hi! words are from another world." i " Do not, Fuicla, speak so wildly, you will reily frighten me if you do, come now and compose yourself, ad then we will talk over something else. What say you, wiUfou go with me to-morrow over to the frozen market ?" | : " My mind, Marie, is not affected ; you do notunderstand what I said; but, nevertheless, all I said is true,; have not spoken a word but what is true, arid again I repeat to you that, my husband has been murdered and thrown through the ice, and, although, I know who did the deed, I cannot, and will not, take any steps that might endanger his safety." " Pray, what do you mean, Fuicla, you have spoken with such force upon this subject so often that I really think you do know something. Come will you tell me ?" " Certainly, I will, I feel that I must unbosom: my feelings lb-- you, Marie, there is an inward feeling that is pressing ine: on to disclose all I have seen and heard." " Seen, Fuicla ?" said Marie turning pale. "Yes, Marie, seen! but do not be alarmed, a pure and guiltless soul like yours has no reason to fear, and when you see that I am not agitated, why should you be ? Which Ought to feel the most terror, me, who has seen my departed husband, or you to whom I am merely speaking of the events." " Good God, Fuicla, what do you mean?" " I mean, my dear Marie, that I have seen the spirit of my husband; do not be afraid, I am not ; do not tremble/ feel; I am calm," and she took Marie's hand in hers. " You riorT have anything to fear from the dead, if there is anything to fear it is from the living, but it is to be hoped; that -our God and the blessed Yirgin, will protect us against all evil- men." u: "Do, Fuicla, explain. what it is you mean, I promise you that I will not be afraid nor will' I ffieritiori it; to' any one." /:.' . ' . . SO " Promise me faithfully that you will not mention it to any living being, and then I will tell you ; for I intended to have kept the secret within my own breast, but I have felt all dhy a desire to tell you all ; a desire so strong . that I could not conquer it, and came here for that purpose." " I do promise you most sincerely that I will never reveal the secret to any one as lolfg as I live." - , "After I left you last night I went directly home, ;:and throwing myself down on the bed gave vent to my feelings, which were more than usually excited at the absence of my Yefil ; and I lay there weeping determined to wait up- all night, in case he might come home : I fell into a doze an d when I awoke I found that my candle had gone out, and there' Was no other light than the small lamp ; and I got up to light another candle, but previous to doing so- 1 felt an overpowering inpulse that I cannot describe, and in obedience tothat feeling I fell on my knees and bcseeclied my God to reveal to me the fate of my husband ; I felt no fear, and words came unbidden to my lips ; how long I remained in that attitude I know not, but after some considerable length of time I raised my eyes towards the blessed Saviour; and I saw my Vefil standing before me, at first I thought he had got in unheard by me, and I was about to rise and speak, when he motioned me to remain, and as if borne down, by an invisible harid I remained in the same position ; I felt no fear, and I attentively' looked him in the face, his eyes were swollen, inflamed', arid bloodshot ; his face was purple and black, and from his mouth issued a , frothy bloody matter ; I heard him call me by my ri'atne, but his lips moved not, and I attempted to answer, but if I spoke I heard not my own tongue ; I called upon him, in this silent language, and I called upon God to tell me what had become of him ; I heard him answer me, I heard distinctly all he said, thoughhislips never moved ; he told me he had been murdered, and that his body had been thrust through the ice ; that I was not to weep for his loss, as he would still have been with me had it not have been for his own companions; but that neither of them was to blame, arid that I was riot to attempt to avenge his death; that if I went to a certain hole ori the ice, I should find something of his, arid bid irie be lnippy ; I felt as if lifted off the floor, and I lost ' my senses ; when I came to myself I was still in the same place, and L arose put ori.my cloak and went out towards the river, wliy,T kubw hot, but I walked on instinctively to a hole iri the ice, and there I found this," saying which Fuicla placed on the table a brass button, arid a piece of cloth which had evidently been torn off ; " and upon looking round I found this," and'she prod'uce.cl Velll's cap in which his name was written. ! " Good God Fuicla these are horrid proofs," said the be wildered Marie. '-v "Yes they are proofs, biit I found others also, which T destroyed the moment got home, so that nothing should riemain likely to be injurious tb the murdbrer " " ' . "But if you had really the means' of thereby tracing the- perpetrators of that fbul crime, why did you destroy the billy clue you had?" " I will not bring that man to justice; T required no clue to find out who that man was, as my Yefil told me his name." ' . "And you knowing the man, will allow him to escape?" " Yes, I was so bid, and will obey to my death." " Heavens this is a sad tale Fuicla, and I deeply feel for you; and so long as I have a crust I will part, it,, with you and yours " / % r : : J' " I know you will my Marie, and now as I have unbosomed to you all my secrets, I will go home ;" so saying She arose and having affectionately kissed Marie, and promising to call on the following evening she left. "By God there is something very strange in the language of Fuicla to night, said Michael as he and Euphem left the house. I should devilishly like to hear what she had to tell Marie as a fellow might be thrown off his guard at some time." " So should I Michael, I would not have come away at ail only I thought if we remained we might perhaps betray our fears, and it was best to be out of the way ; I wish, however, we could hear without being seen." , " Ah, by-the-by, we could do that I think." "How Michael?" y "Why I think I can manage to get into the back room " v- - / ' - "Do you think so, could we manage it without making a noise." ' - - " Well I think we carij will 3ou try with me ?" "< " Yes, by all means, it is necessary that we should hear all she has to say. " Well then follow me with as little noise' as you can." - Michael now took his companion round by the back, and quietly entered the little robm adjoining the One iri which Marie and Fuicla were, and as the door did not fit close ,at the bottom, being above 2 inches off the floor, they laid themselves down, and attentively listened to all that .Fuicla said, neither dared speak a word during the recital of Fuicla's vision, but so soon as it was ended they hastily arose arid made there, escape. " That is a dreadful tale Euphem," " Heaven's it is— what shall we do ?" to be continued. 