refloat crotrcsponTJcnct*. We do not identify our opinions with the M of Correspondents,] TO THE EDITOR OF THE COLONIAL ICES. SIR, Under the heading " prayer book," J, ¡it company with others, who think with me, have been honored in the Church Record of this month, with a commiserating notice for the " fearful deed liverances" in which we are supposed to be placed. Being specially warned, I beg to assure the writer, that in common with those who think with me, I neither need nor desire his sympathy on the subject, nor am I individually by any means, desirous of any alteration in " the books common prayers;" I for I look on it as the most excellent work of human authority that we possess, and much more to the spirit of Holy Scripture, from which it proposes to be deduced, than we could possibly hope any extemporary expression of uninspired man at this time to approach. There is something of reverence necessarily at-vi tached to a work on which the blood of its mar- tyred authors has been sprinkled and with which from our children we have joined in the worship of the sanctuary. This will be called superstition, admitted but as superstition may differ from religion only in the object of its devotions, so our superstitious reverence for the prayer book becomes perfectly rational. When we have ascertained that it is fully in conformity with the Word of God, we then regard it, not because others have told us of it but because we have ourselves tried and proved it, John iv. 42 and becoming daily more convinced that it speaks the mind of the spirit we become satisfied, although it may be understood or misrepresented by the multitude. Every individual who passed through the Red Sea was baptised unto Moses, and thereby became a member of the then visible church, a child of God, and an inheritor of the promised Canaan the typical heaven. The people were all thoroughly seperated from that Egypt whence they had departed from that multitude, which, pursuing them, had perished in the same sea, whence they had themselves coineibrth purified j and no warmer or more decided expression of thanksgiving' ever emanated from church or ministry than burst forth from Moses and the children of Israel when on the coasts of the Red Sea. They contemplated, not-so much the destruction of their enemies as their own perfect and effectual re- demption. And yet we read that they were not all saved for " a mixed multitude went up with theirs Ex. vii. 38. And that " this mixed multitude felt ' a 'lusting." Num. vi. 4. And we also read that " the word preached did not profit them, not being mixed with faith in them that heard it" Her. iv. 2, but we do not read that Moses, Aaron, or ÎIiniam,were thereby guilty of hypocrisy, treachery, or deceit.; nor yet that "public morality was in-' suited or corrupted" by their conduct on the new session. Perhaps I should not have dared to take this passage for my instruction had not the inspired authority of an apostle warranted me and had not an apostle declared directly that " those things happened to them for examples," 1 Cor. x 11, and warned us most earnestly, " lest any man should fall after the same example of Unbelief," Heb. iv. 11. The Church of England, therefore, in offering up thanks to Almighty God for blessings which he has promised, being certainly not more capable of judging whether hearts be renewed by faith or not than was Moses of the mixed multitude which accompanied him, or Philip, when he baptized a Simon. cannot be justly censured for his thanksgiving either by his ministry, or in his for- meares on receiving a member, even though that member afterwards prove unworthy - I have already stated, in a former letter,' that "the renewing of the Holy Ghost," which is the true or " spiritual regeneration" may occur at any period of a man's life-before, at, or subsequent to baptism. That it should not he separated here from is admitted. And at " the washing of res generation or baptism, we pray for the spiritual regeneration" of the recipient, and Thank God for the fulfilment of his promise. Although not being discussers of spirits, we cannot at the time tell whether there be more than the sign or sacra- ment of faith in the recipient, though he be even on adult " But, in after times, we are too frequently and sadly undeceived by discovering fruits of the flesh, not of the spirit abounding in. those- for whose regeneration we had in faith given thanks. Jr The sign or sacrament of regeneration, by" which all the outward Message are conveyed, is necessarily imported no less to the mixed multitude of' protestants, than to the elect of God and we are bound to give God thanks, although in so doing we may become " a savour of death unto death, no less than of life unto life," 2 Cor. iv. 16. Even as the true children of Israel had not been saved without passing through the Red Sea, although the entire multitude received therefrom no benefit beyond the outer sign, for we find them very speedily despising the spiritual gifts, and yet Moses did not reject that multitude. So the Church receives all who come unto her, both faithful and faithless, and though the latter finally fall away, she yetrejoiees in them whilst they run well, thought it be but for a season and even in the Apostles' days, it was not very uncommon for many to go out from the Church, for they never had been truly of the Church. 1 John ii. li). I have no doubt that Mr. Noel in quitting the Church of England acted in compliance with the dictates of conscience. But as I have heard of the conscience being darkened, as well as " void of offence, I am as little inclined to follow the suggestions of Mr. Noel as those of the many who, with equal purity of intention, have gone over to Rome ; or the, I trust, well meant, though not very courteously expressed, hints of your correspondent, who styles himself " Veritas." " In conclusion, I would earnestly entreat my readers, especially of the Church of England, that in any step wherein their eternal welfare may be ever remotely concerned, they turn to the word of God, and if the church speak according to that word, that they suffer themselves not to be cajoled or terrified into a desertion of her standard. .'. I remain, Sec. T J. BURROWES. MECHANICS' INSTITUTE-The evening W ' Norton, Esq., lectures at the above institute uDOu Periodical Literature." The lecture will commence at the usual hour seven o'clock. J A Ex-King v. Smith This was anmforni.V turn for the non-payment of 30s, being the amount AJS '-M ?cr crowded The defendant did . Meegan ejUi'1,CBofthc chim' off a. bench Messrs Burns, Md Moise, or had him to pay the amount, v and costs, forthwith. P I THE LATE! CENSUS. ON the 20th of April, 1854, the population of the colony was enumerated, but the results of the enumeration were not published until the 9th of the present month. - The Registrar General, in his report, introductory- to the series of tables in which the information is arranged, refers to the difficulties which had to be encountered in obtaining the returns arising from the peculiar circumstances of the colony. The population is spread irregularly over an area of ninety thousand square miles. Much of the country is unopened by roads. Many of the people are unsettled in their habits, and some of the uneducated portion were unwilling to furnish the information required of them, regarding the whole matter as an unnecessary and inquisitorial proceeding. Notwithstanding these obstacles, the Registrar-General announces his conviction that the information contained in his tables it substantially correct and reliable. The more important facts ascertained by the censors have been already alluded to in the pages of an Argus summary. The disproportion of the sexes, and the unduly large numbers in which the population occupy the towns in comparison with the number of those resident in the villages and on the lands, have been remarked upon ; but it maybe interesting to extract the abstract of the census, published wititybr» Registrar's authority : " The total number of person of all ages certained to have been in the colony of Vic ' town on the 26th April, 1854, was 230,798. of whom 155,876 were males, and 80,000 females. There were 22 persons whose sex was not returned. " The great disproportion between the numbers of the sexes, being 193 males to every 100 females, can scarcely full to attract the attention of the Legislature; the proportion of the previous census having been 148 males to 100 females. The result will not be materially affected if we deduct the young people under 15 years of age from the total population, the ages of this class being respectively 30,996 'males, and 30,383 females. A remarkable eit ' ception to the general result occurred at Belfast and at Portland, where the females out numbered the males by 15 and 60 respectively ; this was attributable, in some measure, to re , cent arrivals of ships with female immigrants. '. .' The ages of the people will be found to be from 15 to 45 years, 103 292 males, and 45,403 females'; 45 years and upwards, 12,156 males, 174 females. The ages of 10,272 per 1 tons, principally travellers on the gold fields, were not specified The population under 20 years amounted to 39,688 males and 37,598 females. 2 It may be useful to those who are engaged in the discussion of the educational question to state that the ages of the children are respectively Males. Females. Under 5 years. 12,901 13,065 Between 5 and 10 ... 10,170 10,034 Between 12 and 15... 7,925 7,284 Making a total of 30,996 30.383 " The following appears to have been the distribution or the population of the colony on the 26th April, viz City of Melbourne and seaport towns, 65,251 males, and 45,833 females ; total (including 14, whose sex was not specified), 110,648 persons. On the goldfields, 52,542 males, and 14,152 females j to tal (including 3, sex unspecified), 66,697 persons. Population of the inland towns and rural districts, 38,083 males, and 21,365 females; total (including 6 persons, sex unspecified), £9,453 persons. ''The population of the city of Melbourne, within the boundaries of the six wards (Bourke, Fits Roy, Gipps, Hotham, La Trobe, and Lonsdale was returned at 5.4,235 persons of all ages, of whom 21.096 were females, and 32,134 were males, besides 5 sex unspecified. The metropolis may practically be considered to comprise the inhabitants of Collingwood, Richmond, Prahran, and Flemington, and vessels in the Yarra, Yarra, which will make the aggregate population of Melbourne and its suburbs amount to 76,565 "persons. " The number of inhabitants at Geelong is returned at 20,324 persons, of whom 11,272 were males, 9043 were females; there were 'nine whose sex was unspecified, '"No note appears to have been taken of the aboriginal tribes, with the exception of a very few individuals who were employed on stations, and who are returned accordingly. The estimated number of aborigines is stated to be about 2500, but no certain information respecting them has been obtained. In order to bring down the enumeration of the people to the latest date, a calculation is appended to the report of the additions made to the number of the population, from the Immigration Agent's returns, and from an examination of the registers of births and deaths: Males, females. Totals By the census returns there were on the 26th April, 1854 . 155,876 80,900 236.798 "Subsequent arrival by sea to 31st December, 1854 ... 39,386 17,245 56,631 'Births registered same period. \- - 5,914 Departures by sea same period ,. 18,0. 3,99 92,051 deaths register. ed same ran riot at. - - 3 500 The ascertained population of Victoria, on the 1st January, 1855, consisted, therefore, if 233 792 persons of all ages Argus. 