FRANCE. Paris, Sunday evening. (From the Morning Clironiclo's Correspondence.) The repeated successes of last week, when each day has brought the news of a victory, or of some serious loss inflicted on the encniy, have put us all here in the highest spirits. A private telegraphic despatch from Vienna communicates the pleasing information—how obtained the telegraph must answer—that Prince Gortscliukoffhas made up his mind to give the tdlic6 battle in the open field. I do not like to say with how much contempt this way of reversing the state of things is treated here. Certain it is, however, that the Parisian mibtary authorities look on the Russian prospects as desperate when they are driven' even to contemplate such an operation. Our excellent ally the King of Sardinia is about to visit both l'aris and London, by the advice of his physicians, to distract his attention from his recent heavy domestic afllictions. His Majesty will be attended by his principal minister, M. Cavour. The regency, during his absence, will be confided to his Royal Highness the Prince Eugene of Cariguano. Paris, Sunday, June 10,6 p.m. On more than one previous occasion I ventured to express the opinion that tlie best negotiators engaged in the discussion of the Eastern question, and those who have the best chance of arriving at a satisfactory solution were not at Vienna, but in the Crimea, and that the most effectual missives were not notes, manifestoes, or protocols, but shell and cannon ball. The Gordian knot which our statesmen have been so long spoiling their fingers in trying to undo remains after all to be severed by the sword. Generals Pclissier and Raglan have put to shame the peacemakers at home; the conference before Sebastopol proceeds with most rapid strides, and the events of the last few days near the Quarantine forte, the Mamclon Vert, the Tower of Malakhoff, and tlie Careening Bay, promote the work of peace more surely and quickly than " all the talents" of the tupis vert of Vienna. It is open to doubt whether Lord J. Russell, M. Drouyn de Lhuys, or M. de Buol could have settled the difficult question of the marc clausum so satisfactorily for us, and so completely for all parties, as Sir E. Lyons and Admiral Bruat have done. Vatal and Puffendorff have seldom been more clearly commented upon than at Kertcli, Ycnikale, and Arabat. The conference at Vienna has at last given up the ghost. The rejection of the "third point" was its death-blow, and since then it has dragged out a painful and brief existence, helped along, as it were, on the crutches of ultimatums. Austria acted as tlie principal medical adviser of the interesting invalid, and sustasned it for some time with slops and pills iu the shape of propositions, protocols, notes, counter-notes, and such other medicaments as arc found in the diplomatic pharmacopoeia. When the conference had reached the last stage a desperate attempt was made to prolong its existence by means of a drug of the most potent kind, and on which great hopes were founded. The patient's strength was not equal to support the effects of the ultimate assimum. The terrible superlative was administered in vain, and the conference of Vienna drew its last breath to the thunder of the cannon of Kertcli. The English deputation was presented today by Lard Cowley to the Emperor. The Lord Mayor and the other members, dressed iu their robes of office, were received in one of tlie ssate halls of tlie Tuilerios, His Majesty addressed them iu English, thanked them again f or tlie reception they had given him iu London, and asked them if they were pleased with their residence in the French capital. After some further conversation, they took leave of the Emperor, and withdrew. The Glasgow Herald of tlie 15ht June says:— The news from the besieging works before Sebastopol is still of a most favorable and promising character. The despatches received by the French minister of war, which come down to the lltli instant, mention that the combat of the 7th, described in last Monday's Herald, was more advantageous to tlie allies than at firsn described. It is now announced that 502 Russians were made prisoners (20 of the number being officers) and 73 pieces of cannon were taken. It is further stated that tne allies were consolidating themselves in their new works, no attempts having been made to dislodge them and that li-j Russian mortal's taken in the last brilliant action had been used against their ships, wliich, following their usual mode of carrying on war, had sheered farther off to be out of range. Late accounts from tlie north are dated " June 1—six miles off Cronstadt," where a line of ships two and a half miles in length, two cables length apart, has been drawn from the lngennanland shore on the south to that of Wiborg on the north, lleconnoiteiing vessels have been within 3000 yards of the forts of Cronstadt, which are bristling with cannon, aud have been very materially strengthened suicc last autumn, and alive with troops. The correspondent of the Daily News, who writes without any reserve mentions thc want of a sufficiency of gunboats. Tliis, if true, is much to be regretted, as the delay in sending out those craf t, of which so much was expected, may cause the ineffectual waste of another year. Wo, however, think it wisest not to mnke further remark on this subject j and wo therefore transfer to our columns the words of the writer we have referred to, and leave them for the consideration of our readers : It is highly intimating and exciting to be so near the enemy's guns. Pity it is that we have as yet only seven gun boats out here, and but a small procpect of more for some time ; no mention even of a floating battery. This is too bad, as we are losing much precious time and line montlis for operations, and the lapse of a few weeks more may bring on infectious diseases like last summer. 1 am convinced that if we had the requisite gun boats we should still surprise the world in this quarter, and inflict a severe loss on the enemv." (From tlie Times Correspondence.) 