SKETCHES IN SYDNEY. No. 7. 'BUSSES— SUGGESTIONS FOR THE CITY COMMISSIONERS. In my last sketch I was obliged to rein in my pegasus before he had traversed the portion of the field of imagination, which I originally intended to be the limits of his transcendental excursion. You may remember that my interesting last con- tained some observations on "your future hope" \-- the youth of Sydney — and also a promise of a few remarks on your most popular modes of con- yevance — the 'Busses — and your most recherché of in-door recreations -- Billiards. Attend, good sirs, to my words of wisdom on the first topic, nor be ye disappointed if no pompous pageant of fairy imagery springs up to allure the soul, or if no curious elaborations of poetic imagining occupy the intellect, — as old, right-hearted, fat SAMUEL JOHNSON would have (I presume) expressed it. A person who studies the philosophy of trifles is apt to discover, or fancy he discovers, analogies of the most wondrous complexion in very simple matters. Though it may astonish many of your readers — yea, appear very paradoxical to your learned selves — that a study of the Omnibusses of a metropolitan city is sure to give you not only a good idea of the actual state of a country, but let you have a glimpse of the hidden life of its inhabitants — afford you a pretty correct notion of their most prominent peculiarities, most remarka- ble idiosyncracies, and national characteristics. The externals of the London wehicle indicate trade, soundness, and business — of the New York 'Bus, display, discomfort, and go-a-headness— of the Paris conveyance, roominess and comfort. Now your Sydney vehicle has in my mind for its most distinguishing peculiarity, — narrowness of space, and meanness of appearance, or unmeaning- ness of flash ornament. The Sydney 'Bus is the most uncomfortable in the world. Like the largness of soul which induces your people to make the streets of your towns narrow, the houses you live in small and low, with little doors and very small English windows; which influences the selection of your material and shape of cos- tume — keeps you to tight, black, heavy-collared frock coats, strapped trousers, small-leaf black hats; or to the mean, blue dress coat, with its ghost of tails, and hip parallelograms or flaps of cloth, which though originally intended to deceive the public in the matter of side pockets, now-a- days wear rather the appearance of label ground —a piece left for the insertion of the owner's name and titles;— the same spirit I say seems to rule your men of enterprise in the matter of Busses, — these conveyances being narrow, fragile, ill- ventilated, and ill-managed. In Paris the Omnibus Regulations are excellent:— in the first place there are covered vehicles for the winter and open ones for the summer; in the second place there is no "aloft" in the covered carriages, all being inside places; thirdly, they are very wide and very clean within. Of course, the in- ternal life, if one may be allowed the expression, of a Paris Omnibus, is totally — generically dif- ferent from that of London and Sydney. There is always in the French mode of conveyance a cheerful conversation going on among the chance acquaintances of the hour, the passengers — a light chatter of conversation, which agreeably kills time and shortens tne weariness of the journey, — an approach to which I never noticed in the two or three hundred little journeyings, I have made in your Sydney coaches. May I make a half-a- dozen suggestions to the Worshipful the City Commissioners on this subject? Will those gentlemen hearken unto me? Or will they wax wrath at any one presuming to offer advice to them on any matter of civic weal? I respect your City Commissioners very much; they are a creation of our progress age— they have been es- tablished on the ruin of old municipal institutions and mediaeval traditions,— they have to enact a history for their order— the new-born nineteenth century City Rulers. But let me offer my bunch of suggestions as a nosegay to their Worships. 1st. 'Twere to be wished that they (Mynheer the Commissioners) would sometimes travel by the Omnibusses under their controul and govern- ment. 2nd. 'Twould be a matter of moment to the public if the said coaches started always at the appointed and predetermined time. 3rd. 'Twill be a sign of satisfaction to every body who journeyeth by an Omnibus, to see legibly printed in the inside of the vehicle, the number of passengers it may legally carry. 4th. Be it, moreover, required, that all parties concerned — the passenger and the "call boy" — have certain small moneys, vulgarly called change, ready on all occasions, and not keep persons waiting while they are liberating a six-pence from a curious purse, or going in quest of two for a shilling, among the various venders of small commodities in the neighbouring houses. 5th. Let the Commissioners also become more rigid moralists, by refusing licenses to any pro- prietor who keeps drunken, insolent, vicious, quarrelsome, blaspheming, and ruffian coachmen, and wicked, graceless "call boys," &c.;, in his employ. Much hath public propriety been sinned against in this respect. 6th. Forbid, good gentlemen, all hard driving, popularly called taking the road; and in other respects, drawing from the deep fountain of your collective wisdom and experience, do all things well for the paying public. I fear me much that this letter will be con- sidered rather dry, although I set out with the best intentions in the world of retailing a little fun. I intended to illustrate some of my re- marks with piquant little anecdotes of my Sydney 'Bus experience; to make some observations on the odd people I have met with in my several rides through the city, particularly one or two ladies who seemed excruciatingly anxious to make the passengers believe they were persons of high aristocratic connections in the mamma country, but whom I subsequently found engaged in very honest but very humble employments. In fact and in fine, I have noticed that American ladies generally wish to make their chance acquain- tances believe that they (the said ladies) were very, very rich — your Sydney ladies, methinks, would like strangers to believe that they are very, very grand — that although they travel by vulgar con- veyances it must be accounted a nice joke, or because the times are so hard on gentle folk, or because they are not proud, &c.;, &c.;, &c.; A prurient satirical genius led me in my days of boyhood to write a parody, of which I hope to be excused if I extract a couplet:— "Full many a Bus must jog without a load, And waste its rattles on the rugged road!" Now I think this poetic assertion will be abun- dantly verified in Sydney, unless many of the Busses are stopped. Half the number, larger in size and better managed, would suffice. Ad hœc hactenus — I must for the present conclude. I am, Gentlemen, Yours as heretofore, SARSFIELD O'SULLIVAN. P.S. — I regret that I have not space to en- lighten and gratify Mr. BARNEY MAGUIRE about the particular branch of the genealogical tree of the O'SULLIVANS from which I am sprung. Another time I may do so. 