©rttjtitat «£omgpoiti?mcr« [We do not identify our opinions with those of our Correspondents.] IS BAPTISMAL REGENERATION A. POPISH DOCTRINE? TO THE EDITOR OF THE COLONIAL TIMES. SIR-In not trespassing too much, I shall feel obliged by your permitting an examination of the above question to appear in your columns, not for myo'U sake, to whom it matters little what slur may be cast on me falsely, but, for that of others, whose eyes nal welfare may in some degree depend on their being " able to give a reason of the hope that is in them," or their rightly understanding the nature of that bond by which they are held to be members of Christ's body; for we are bound to examine ourselves whether So he in the faith to ascertain, whether we be truly born again or not Now, if the above question be answered affirm- atively, it is 011., if, on examination, it be found, that the Roman Church, in aelinonlclging and declaring it to be a part of its doctrinal system, liaB superadded it to those articles of faith which have ever been received by the Catholic Church as necessary to salvation, and, if it has not been authoritively recognised by the Protestant Churches, as it is by the Church of Rome, as a part of the Christian dispensation. Now, while believing it to be generally considered, by nominal Christians as a merely speculative subject, I do not hesitate to declare it as my own opinion, the it is far from being; left by the Scriptures i i any such uncertainty ; but that they point out us deed only the dial motion bet is on the Christian who is one outwardly, and the one who is such in heart, as the; do between " circumcision which is outward in the flesh, and that of the heart, or that which is of the letter and that of the spirit." But, before proceeding with the enquiry, we should ascertain, 1st.- What is a sacrament, generally and 2nd-What is really meant by the phrase Baptismal Regeneration?" First-We consider a sacrament to be simply an outward ceremony, as taught in our Church Catechism'' it is an outward and visible sign of an inward and spiritual grace ;" or as St. Augustine saith. " a sacrament is the sign of a sacred thing," or, more strongly, " a sacrament is a visible sign of invisible grace, instituted for our participating,'' and perhaps it will appear more fully that the outward sign is the sacrament from the assertion of the same father, viz. that "the word added to the Element forms the Sacrament;" from which, it would appear, that, although the church re- cognises an inner or hidden part, as implied by every sacrament, yet, as that inner part must ever depend on the faith of the recipient, the sacrament is perfect, so far as the ministration is concerned, so soon as the outward part is applied. Secondly What is really meant by Baptismal Regeneration? On the due understanding of this question the whole difficulty depends for while some men most earnestly contend for it, as if a revealed truth, others, as earnestly and I trust us honestly, contend against it, as if it were sapping the very foundations of Christianity It is an opinion, if it mean anything, that the infant, or adult, us it may be, who is admitted to the church by baptism does at the same moment, not only receive the external rite, which has been committed to man's power, but also undergoes that change of heart by which he becomes spiritually the child of God. In other words, that he is at the same moment renewed by the Holy Ghost and thus indissolubly uni- ting the renewing of the Holy Ghost with the washing of baptism is called by its advocates " Baptismal Regeneration " If this be not its meaning, if any thing less be implied, such us that regeneration is only an admission into the church of ('m Ut; or, that it is, used figuratively, as a rough chance his, who not unfrequently called the sign by the name of the thing signified, then, although I consider the former to be an unscriptural application of the word, the dispute is but for a pint taste; for. although the privilege conferred ho of a very thin h character, in making as members of the visible church, yet, as it does not tie the salva- tion of the fund to the work of man, but still leaves it as the gift of God, through faith in his Son Jesus Christ, I'd not deny but that in this low FOES the child may be said to be absolutely regenerated in baptism, 1 em induced to believe that this is the meaning of its advocates, from having heard one of its most strenuous supporters publicly declaring, that the whole difficulty arose from confound- ing regeneration with conversion. To me he appeared at the moment to have been wasting his energies in contending for a shadow, but yet for a shadow, which he had rendered so dense, that it might be mistaken for a reality, and so endanger the souls of his hearers How much "moro;simple had it been to have admitted the correctness of that which he termed a mistake, Shd to have broadly stated the object of the church in using the language of faith in both the baptismal and confirmation services. Now I presume, (hit the better informed members of the church of Rome will not deny that their church teaches that whoever is baptised, Is also, at the same moment, spiritually re. generated, and freed from the taint of original sin ? Such, at least, I have always learned from members of that church with whom I have con- versed to be their doctrine on the sacrament of bapt m. Strangers may, however, sink other, wise s for them I may quote the catechism taught by authority in the Romish church is : Q. Can a man be saved without baptism ? A. He cannot, useless be r- ceive it really, or a desire with contrition, or be baptised in the blood, as the holy innocents were which suffered for Christ. 4t Q. How prove you that ~fjm A. Out of St John iii. 5. Unless, ordER. Q. What are the effects of baptism **?*£_ A. It makes us children of God, and tarifa both original and actual sin, if he thutisbauBwl be guilty of it. fears' Secondly. It infused h justifying grace inW my, soul ; with habits of fail h, hope, and charity. Again, Fleury's Christian doctrine, trans. Intent from the French, and extensively used in Ireland, in the article on infant baptism, teaches that " children are baptised, particularly when they are in danger of death, that they might not be deprived of eternal life into which no one can enter with me baptism," and, in the general article on baptism, on the authority of the Council of Trent, it teaches, that baptism cannot be reiterated, as it imprints a character which can never be effaced, whatever crime the baptized shall happen to commit But (he oote. charm of the Council of Trent, which carries so much weight with some of our clergy, Is, if pea rifle, still more explicit. It teaches, " Water is applied in baptism, to signify that purity of the soul, which it produces,'' p ii, of it, qu xvii. Again, " as the rate of baptism has been appointed by the Lord to all men, so, unless they are honored by God through the grace of baptisms, they are begotten to eternal death and misery by their parents, whether they be faithful or infidel,'' part i, eli ii, qu xxx. And again, " we, by the virtue of this sacrament, are not only delivered from evils, but are also em ached by good and eve. sent gifts, for our soul is filled with divine grace s, by which becoming just, and the sons of God, we are also appointed heirs of eternal salvation," part ii, i ii, qu 49. And, that " it is a grace by which not only the remis-. sion of sins is effected, but also a divine quality adhering to the soul, and is, as it were, a curtain splendour and light which blots out all (her stains on our souls, and renders them more beautiful. This is enforced by an anathema of the Council of Trent on justification, par in, cb ii, qu 49 2 Time and your space would fail, or passages innumerable might be quoted, to prove the affirmatively this subject, which sets at nought the righteousness of faiths' But these are sufficient to prove that the Church of Rome teaches the doctrine of Baptismal Regeneration; and that the subject, which had been previously considered as merely speculative, was by the Council of Trent declared to be an article of faith. It was then first fully adopted as a popish dogma. I say not that it was then first mag Bed, for, like transubstantiation in the Eucharist, it had increased from small beginnings, and, from the warm metaphorical expressions, of the early Fathers, who did not he wanted to call the sign by the name of the thing 'satisfied. A few passages from the earlier fathers will be sufficient to prove that they did not hold this doctrine in an objectionable sense, although the warmth and figurative character of their expressions may have given the just ground for the abuse which has been adopted by too many of their follow i r . Every reader of the early Fathers must be struck with the puerile and fanciful expressions which abound in their- works, and many have found that it requires considerable care to sift out their meaning from the abundant herbage with which it is clothed, and have acknowledged that the labour expended therein if not thoroughly lost, might have been much better employed, and that, though there be much good 'Therein, it is yet doubtful whether its acquisition would fully repay the labour and danger of exploring it. They deal largely in metaphor-much in the John Bunyan style who, tinker as he was, I doubt not but that he surpassed the majority of them as much in actual learning and his sources of information as his " Pilgrim's Progress " stands out in glorious relief when compared with the shepherd's Hermes. One of them, by no means the most principal, Tertullian, calls believers " little fishes, because they were born again regenerated in water." Another, Cyril, calls baptism at' the water of life." Jerome calls it " the day priesthood " Many call it < illumination." Justin Martyr says " this law is called illumination-" it is also called " the seal of the Lord.'' St. Augustin, when explaining how children may be said to have faith, calls it " the sacrament of faith " His words, which may be said to explain the whole ground of the error, ore-" As, according to a certain manner of speaking, the sacrament of the body of (a ha that is the body of Christ, and the sacrament of the blood of Christ is the blood of Christ, so the sacrament of faith is faith and so, when it is answered that the child believes although he has not as yet the power of t chief, the answer is, that he has faith, because he has received the sacrament of faith, and that he has been converted to God, because he has received the sacrament of conversion." Aug. Ep 23 to Boniface, But, writing against the Doaatists, he calls baptism the sacrament of' grace,' and " the sacrament of absolution," but he does not call it grace or absolution. Again, we find Captains, Austin, and other an- cient writers agree, that the internal grace of , baptism could not be conferred by heretics, but only by the ministry of the Holy Catholic Church, and also that even by the latter, the internal and - external graces of baptism were sometimes separated, as in the case of S mon Magis, and others of a similar character. From these and numberless other passages, it is manifest, that not only the internal grace, which we call being born again, or regeneration, was not considered by the ancients as invariably joined with external baptism, but, also, that the confounds ing conversion with regeneration is by no means a modern innovation; and also, that Calvin was by no means the first to distinguish between, the outward sign and the inward grace. If we ever find baptism called regeneration by the old writers, it is only in a figurative sense as when applied to adult believers, and the terms are never used as com terrible, though it be frequently implied, that they should accompany each other. It remained for the Council of Trent, the' representative of the Romish Church to decide as a matter of faith, that they are inseparable; and for a few Sayings of the reformed Church to adopt the decree of that infallible (?) as the most deal of their faith and doctrine. of Regeneration, the being born again others spirit, or the renewing of the Holy Ghost, Wings' the special 1 act of God, may take place at our birth, as in the case of the Baptist ; before our baptism, us in the case of Cornelius a id occurs ; or at any period of our lives. But the ordinary means of its being effected is the Word of God, which converts the soul Ps. xix. 7. " 1 would now pray the reader to ask himself - this question seriously and solemnly : -Am I born again, not only of water, but of the Spirit ? Am I regenerate? I remain, sir, JOHN BURROWS 