SOUTH AUSTRALIA. We have Adelaide papers to the 12th inst They are to a great extent occupied with dec lion intelligence, and with the discussion of an emeute of the Irish female immigrants Mr. Moorhouse had assaulted one Margaret Fay, who had been disobedient and insolent The others interested and pelted Mr Moorhouse and the police, whom he called to his assistance, with stones It had been determined that the matter should be inquiicdintoby the Commissioner of Police, of one or two magistrates, rather than by the Destitute Board This decision had, however, been reversed, and it was resolved to commit the inquiry to the Sound The Adelaide Times protests against this decision, and demands a public inquiry We make the following extracts from the journals - SoMETHING DisaitAOEFUL -Undoubtedly our metropolitan police are an acute body of men, but, like many other heroes of very day life, the appeal to be especially great upon little occasions The vigilance with which half a dozen of them will pounce upon a ni etched publican the very moment his lamps is blow n out, or the determination with which they will per list in locking the wrong man up when they get hold of him, leads one almost to regret that the whole force has not long since been marched oil, as an Australian contingent to rectify the blunders in the Crimea, -a destination for which the Commissioner, by torturing them into Soldiers and neglecting to teach them the duties of constables, has evidently fitted them An example of the man now in ninth a police corporal believes himself justified in behind mgtonaidsa respectable man and his wife may be found in the follow regretted, the subject of which was referred to in our Police Com report a few days since ' Till LlllLltlY 01 mt SuiwtcT " To the Editor of the Times " Snarling mg, with my wife, been the victims of the outrage in which you published in your police report on Monday last, and finding my name brought for ward in the same, I now ask you to insert this in your paper I I may now state the facts as the occurred on 1 using ex sung -I had been amusing my self at home until past ten o'clock I then took a walk with my wife into King William street The night being very cold and showery, 1 went home to fetch her a second shawl, but missed her in coming back I n walked once or twice up and down the sheet, and on arriving at the coinci- of Grenfell street met her and was in the act of placing the shawl on her when Corporal Plunkett the police officer, in areas abrupt manner, came and < demanded my name which I refused to give ' him 2 We were then taken inside and I stated my name and address, and employment. After 1 nits searchers in a most outrageous Hammel, were both locked up for the night, to appeal before the magistrate next morning, and he discharged us I am, Sir, &.C, THOMAS FYFE Halifax-street September 11,1855 ' We suppose the reason the magistrate not then made any observation on this case when I it came before him nor reprimanded the constable for the misery to which he had put two respectable persons by locking them all night in a dut) cell, was, that such cases are too common to be victim of notice It, lion even, no ltdioKS of commiseration for Staunton an outrage is to be obtained in that quarter, we could a hill our correspondent to lose no | tune in bring his complaint before another tribunal Adelaide Times ASYLUM s Church - The site of this new church is on a plot of ground situated in Wilvilt sheet Whitmore square and his Ut cellency SM Richard Macdonnell having signified his intention of performing the rate lighting ceremony, a large concourse of people I have assembled on the 11th Inst to witness j the proceedings Shortly before four o'clock a large procession of Freemasons, consisting j ofupnaitlbol eight of the brethren of the craft, in full regalia and headed by an offi- ] cent and issued from the Masonic Hall, North terrace piottcdingnlongNoitli tenace, | through King William street, continuing down 1 Franklin street and Morphett sheet to the site of the new building The members of the craft n ci c decorated with the beauty and splendor then respective car deals, and shipped tod emblematic channels and days, whilst the Rev. Mr Pollitt bore the bible upon the scarlet vol set cushion Notwithstanding a very heavy rain was falling at the time, the procession continued its course, arriving on the ground about half-past ten His Excellency the Governor mined shortly afterwards, become- a mined by the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop and several of the clergy D P G M. Liuni their lead an address A suitable form of prayer was then read by the Lord Bishop, i in a very audible and impressive tone, and, the line having been found, the compass, square, and higher tiowclnciopiescnted to his Excellency, who proceeded in agony column units to lay the " chief corner stone, ' morning in cold, name, and oil, accompanied by the following prayer -' in the faith of a Jesus Our is no place this foundation stone, ! in the mines oh God the Father, God the son, and God the Holy Ghost Amen The ceremony having terminated, his Excellency I replied to the address, expressing the honor and pleasure he felt in taking part on so at present an occasion, and referred to the great want of church accommodation for the No Qiiuonicnts of so large a population He trusted that if he were present among them Plhei opportunities might be afforded him to assist at n. your ceremonies, and thanking tile honorable craft of Freemasons for their many expressions towards him. and the honor conferred upon him, he concluded.— The Lord Bishop of Adelaide then addressed them. He referred to the pleasure it afforded him in taking so active a part in the proceedings, and invoked the Divine blessing upon the im- portant undertaking, He expressed the honor he felt at being connected as a member with so influential and respectable a body MUNICIPALITY OF EMERALD HILL, Saturday, lost September, 1855.- ' Present-The Chairman, and Councillors ? Gardner, Hancock, Anderson, Ross, and Chessell. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. THE DOG NUISANCE. The Chairman laid before the Council a communication received from the Colonial Secretary, stating the request of the Council in reference to the extension of the provisions of the act of Council, 6 William IV., No. 4, (on the dog nuisance) to this district was still under consideration. ELECTION OF INSPECTOR OF NUISANCES AND COLLECTOR OF RATES. Councillor Gardner moved That a special meeting of the Council be held on, Tuesday next, 18th inst., with a view to electing from (the various applicants an officer to undertake the con-. joint duties of collector of rates and inspector of our- i sauces, c Agreed to. " | THE RATES. The Chairman reported that, in accordance with the provisions of the act, the minute containing the resolution to strike a rate of one shilling in the pound for the municipal year < ending 30th June, 1850, had been submitted to the Governor, and had received his Excellency's approval. LOAM AND GRAVEL. Councillor Gardner reported that, in pursuance of minute 14 of last meeting, the committee appointed for the purpose had accompanied the Commissioner of Crown Lands in a survey of the locality, in order to ascertain the most appropriate site for obtain- ing loam, &c;, for the use of the Council and inhabitants of the district, and in so doing brought under his (the Commissioner's) notice that rubbish was thrown on, and soil removed from various portions of Crown lands in the vicinage of the town. He was happy to say the Commissioner expressed his desire to comply with the wishes of the committee it possible, both as to granting the sites desired by them for the former purpose, and also to aid in suppressing the latter practices, c requested, however, a written application might be made, specifying the wishes of the Council. He (Councillor Gardner should therefore move 11 at application be made by the chairman to the Commissioner of Crown Lands, requesting 1\. That the block of land bounded by the Brno! read, Clarendon-street, and Grant-street, be appointed a place whence loam, dO.. may be obtained by the Municipal Council of Emerald Hill, for municipal purposes, free of charge, until the same shall be so lowered as to form a regular incline from the Beach. road to the permanent level of (Grant-street and also that the same privilege be extended to such owner or cecuplorsof property within the municipality as may be directed by the Inspector of Nuisances, in further Mile of sanitary, or other municipal regulations, to raise their yards, courts, As, to the extent of so many loads us the said inspector shall certify to be required for the purpose 2\. That a portion of the ridge of sand, extending from the Beach road, opposite the water Unka, towards the railway, be also set apart for the same purposes, and with the same privileges. 3 'That if the said request be complied with, notices thereof may be Affixed In several public places and further, that if, after such notices doing so aHEad, "persons not duly authorised be found taking-off from, or throwing filth or rubbish on any of the Crown lands within the municipal district, steps may be taken for the prosecution of such persons for the chance. Carried. IMPROVEMENT OF CLARENDON-STREET. Councillor Ross moved (in accordance with notice given at last meeting) : That the sum of £200 be appropriate from the Town Fund for the purpose of partially forming Clarendon-street from the Beach road to Coventry-street, provide that at least an equal sum be raised by private subscription from parties, interested therein. After some remarks from Councillors Anderson and Gardner, Councillor Chessell moved as an amendment : That the question be deferred until an estimate be obtained of the amount of improvement likely to be effected for the outlay, and until funds are in hand to meet the appropriation. The amendment was ultimately carried. BUILDINGS FOR POLICE PURPOSES. The Chairman reported that an application had been made by him to the Government, requesting that a sum be placed on the Estimates sufficient to meet the wants of the district with respect to buildings for police purposes. NOTICE OF MOTION. By Councillor Anderson :- ' That a number of men be immediately employed, under the direction of the Inspector of Nuisances, to \- a move Ultu, So, from public places, fill up holes, ruts, and level obstructions within the township. The Council then adjourned. 