THE ANGLO-SAXON RACE. (From the Lamp, for January 1855.) The following passages are extracted from the Morning Chronicle of Wednesday, Dec. 9 ; they have reference to that most atrocious class of offences, to repress which legislation seems, hitherto to have been ineffectual,— the systematic and barbarous cruelty to women which characterizes London life among its poorer inhabitants. We particularly, call attention to the sentences and clauses in Italics :— * * * With respect to this last case, as no evidence has been taken from the wife, we cannot class it ; but in both the others the crime was no novelty. Both Carroll and Flynn were in the constant ha- bit of assaulting their wives. * * * Perhaps we shall not be wrong when we ob- serve, that Carroll, Flynn, and Flyn, are all Irishmen. This has been noted before. Wife murdering is one of the blessings which we owe to the Celtic immigration of Irish labourers into London:— Hoc fonte derivata clades, In populum patriamque fluxit. We cannot say that the crime is not acclimatised, but certain it is that wife-beating is not an Eng- lish offence ; nor, as far as we are aware, has it been, till recently, a characteristic of London life. * * * * * We question whether the metropolis of ancient Paganism could have revealed, in the very lowest class of its population, such domestic horrors as does the capital of the most favoured, the most morale and the most domestic nation upon earth. The great Anglo-Saxon race stands pre- eminent among the nations of the earth ; we are the most favoured, the most moral, the most enlightened, the most intelligent, the most religious, the most devout, the most God- fearing nation under the sun. Our daughters are the fairest and the best ; our sons the noblest and bravest ; our aristocracy the most patriotic ; our commonalty, the most loyal ; our middle classes, the most respectable and well-informed ; our artizans the most skilful and industrious. Our ships fill every sea, our flag courts every breeze ; our language is almost universal ; our litera ture so well known that our surplus holy books supply cartridges to the distant New Zealanders, or shoes to the pig-tailed breth ren of the sun and moon. Our wealth is unbounded ; we are lifted up, like Tyre and Sidon, on the swelling waves of our unequalled commerce ; while the almost untold burthen of our National Debt is insufficient even to check our pros perity. Heaven blesses us, and heaven does us justice, and itself right. We deserve a blessing ; we, the kind, upright, honest, right-minded, liberal, hospitable, slave-free- ing, constitutional rulers of mankind ; our very air is liberty ; we are the defenders, the patrons of the human race. Is there any wrong done, anywhere ? Let the corner or the earth be so obscure that its name is hardly known, even thither the arm of Bri tain reaches, — even there the roar of its lion is heard and feared. The Anglo-Saxon race is very humble; no nation more lowly- minded is blessed with the knowledge of the truth. We know the littleness of self-commendation, and we wisely leave to others the task of extolling our merits. Hence, in public banquets, in public meetings, in courts of law, in the sessions. of the high estates of this realm, one remarkable fact can never be overlooked, the gentle, innate modesty, which is silent respecting even the admitted merits of the nation; the love of integrity, of truth, and of honour, which scorns to glorify itself, or to take to itself what is its due. Other na- tions, especially the French, and that part of Her Majesty's dominions which boasts a Celtic origin, may not be so delicate ; but whoever heard an Anglo-Saxon speak of his country except with ' modest stillness and humility?' The contrary supposition is perfectly inadmissible. We are content to be the ' masters of the world,'— we do not lower our merits by arrogant self-praise. The Anglo-Saxon race is eminently virtous. Crimes may be common among other nations ; they may be indigenous in the Celtic race, innate, deeprooted, fierce, wild, untameable ; . but in the Anglo-Saxon family crimes are so rare that they have only a transitory impression upon society ; they do but touch the surface,— they do but raise the skin. How can it be otherwise ? The great Anglo-Saxon race did not fall in Adam; it has no original sin to answer for (con sequently it needs no baptism) ; it has no concupiscence, no strong passions to overcome. It is decent, orderly, well conducted, respect able. It hates enthusiasm in anything ; even enthusiastic virtue, — enthusiastic charity, — come within the ban of its rigid decorum ; it cannot understand such things. If it has to do anything out of the common way it must do it with dignity, gathering its robes de cently like the great murdered Roman. Since the days of Horace there has been but one race which could boast of a man ' per fectus ad unguent,' and that race is, of course, the mighty family which rules the land and sea. The Anglo-Saxon race is very old, and it has seen many changes in its long career. It was driven out of heaven by Jupiter for its adhesion to the old state of things, and its fidelity to time-honoured Saturn; but, dexterously shifting its allegiance, it soon rose into importance under the new govern ment, and was employed in many difficult enterprises. Amongst other things, it is whispered, that two Saxon chiefs are sym - bolized by Æschylus, in his ' Prometheus Bound,' under the titles of Eratos and Bia, Strength and Force ; and that the reward of their loyalty to their new master, and of their generosity to his enemy, Promethus, the common helper of the human race,' Avas their translation to Olympus ; or, to speak more correctly, their readmission into Heaven, under the Teutonic names of Woden and Thor. Whether Thor and Woden afterwards rebelled against their benefactor, is not known : certain it is that the great Anglo Saxon family, as long as it continued to be Pagan, worshipped these heroes as their chief gods. For many hundred1 years, how ever, the Anglo-Saxon race professed the religious system which is commonly known by the name of 'Popery;' and it is also believed, with some plausibility, that during those years, the great race rather degenerated from the ancestral virtues. It is the opinion of some men, that Popish Anglo-Saxons were rather strange fellows ; that they built churches, hospitals, colleges, universities ; that they fed the poor, took care of the sick, prayed for the dead, and did many other ex travagant, wanton,. and useless things. That they took to low, enthusiastic ways ; made prilgrimages to Rome, and to Jerusalem; joined in those piratical excursions, called Crusades, and entirely forgot their respecta bility. This is the religious aspect of Saxondom ; but their is also the political view. The Briton is harrased by his neigh bours, the Picts and Scots ; help from Rome, worn out by time, harrased by barbarians, there is none. The Saxons are invited to aid the Britons ; they are generous ; they never take advantage of another's weakness; but, in some unaccountable way, we find a great part ? of Britain in the power of the stranger, who possessed himself, honorably of course,- of the land he came to save. Why not ? Might is right. After many ages of civil war, of Danish rapine, of some, and, I fear too many, Popish rites and vices, the day of retribution arrives, the 'great assize of God' once more decides the- fate of this country ;, and Thor and Woden, unless per chance they be not realities, see ranged against each other, armies of the same race, — the invaders a second time victorious. There is a dark cloud over Saxondom ; Nor man language, manners, and laws prevail. But you cannot subdue the Saxon element, with its indomitable will, its fierce energies. Centuries pass away ;. dynasties are changed ; what is most honourable in our institutions, the religion of our ancestors is abolished by the grace of Henry VIII., — and by act of Parliament, — -and men agree, from the best and purest motives, to call what they had hitherto loved a lie, to hate it as a lie, and to bequeath the rich legacy of hatred to unborn generations. Do we find fault with this?. By no means, The Anglo-Saxon race cannot err ; it can hardly sin. If it thinks proper, in its boundless wisdom, to embrace the true faith, it confers glory, but it receives none. It is almost too great, too high, too aspiring, for heaven. It has no time to busy itself about \ the thoughts and ways of another life. Cui bono ? What is the good of all this ? What practical advantage do we reap ? 'What real loss do wo suffer 'from affirming or denying certain abstract questions ? ' The proces sion of the Holy Ghost ; the necessity of Baptism ; ' — all very well for women or de votees, or old men, or silly students of anti quated traditions ; but will a man get to Australia and the Gold Regions sooner for believing them? or will he quicken the, speed of an express train ? or find out per; petual motion ? or square the circle ? or pro duce a blue dahlia ? or become a respectable man capable of taking a decent standing in society ? or prove himself equal to the wants of the age, an age which is so liberal, so re fined, so practical ? If belief in abstractions can produce these effects, it is all well. You may enlist on this side the whole Anglo Saxon race,, provided you you bring down these abstractions to their standard of worth and subject them to a rational philosphical process. The Anglo-Saxon is eminently ra tional ; to be so is a part of his respectability, his practical cast of thought. Hence, sitting by his own fireside, or in his counting house, . he is infallibly certain to detect the errors and absurdities which are so frequent and so monstrous in the Popish continental system. The Estatica, the Addolorata, the miracle of La Salette, — he knows the key to each of these juggles ; he can tell you the exact sum, to the last farthing, which the Pope receives for keeping up the impostures ; and he has the most accurate private original information regarding the birth, parentage, &c;, &c.; &c;, of the woman who personated our Blessed Lady at La Salette. You can never deceive him. He is too intelligent. When he chooses to travel, he is never imposed upon ; he never becomes the easy dupe of rogues ; he never swallows absurd reports ; never commits to his diary, with frantic haste, the tales of his guides and ciceroni, tales which foolish men say, would never obtain credit, except from Englishmen. If he visits a foreign church during the time of mass, see how careful he is to show his liberality, his respect for the feelings of others. There is no indecorum, no laughing with friends, no sneering at what is strange, or at what he does not understand, no conversation carried on so loudly as to distract the super stitious bigots who are kneeling around him, princess next the galley slave, high-horn courtier by the side of the beggar ; neither is their provision made for the probable length of these stupid Popish services, in the shape of sandwiches. Such things are wholly unknown amongst our travelled and travelling countrymen ; their decent religi ous behaviour universally ensures the respect and envy of foreigners, who are notoriously as disorderly and indevout in their religious services, as Englishmen are correct and sincere. We very much question whether an Anglo-Saxon is known personally in the lower world. His Satanic majesty may know the race by fame, or through his envy of their virtues ; but it is highly improbable that he has any subjects who are- of the race 'of the most favoured people on earth.' Depend upon it, English and French mar quises are on an exact footing. ' Heaven thinks twice about damning people of such quality.' Heaven is just; therefore it can not punish Englishmen, who lead such lives here, that the odour of their good' works is a perpetual savour, ascending to the awful throne. We never murder ; we never steal ; we never defraud one another ; we are neither liars, like the Celts, nor drunkards, like the Celts, nor rogues, like the Celts, nor cowardly, brutal assassins, like the Celts. There is not a dissolute man to be found in England. If you see a drunken man, he is an Irishman, or the descendant of one. If you see a mur- derer, he is a Celt ; he has the mark of Cam on his forehead. We are so very well edu cated, so very gentlemanly, so polite, so ci vilised', so refined, so very respectable. Even our costermongers (Mr. Henry Mayhew is our witness) are models of propriety. _ I here paganism. We honour God in his Sabbaths, and we are blessed therein. Go to France ; your eyes are grieved by profanations worse than heathen ; your ears are stunned by oaths- and curses. Do you ever hear oaths and curses in England ? ' Do you ever see shops open on Sundays in London? Ask Sir Culling Eardley, and my good Lord Shaftesbury, and mark well the answer. They would scarcely deign to reply, so utterly absurd and meaningless would they deem the question ; but, if they answered, they would tell you that England 'is a great, a glorious, a pros- perous nation, because, of all nations under the sun, it alone estimates the holiness and the importance of the Sabbath. ' Why, Sir, we shut up our public- houses, our news rooms, our theatres, our places of amuse ments ; an! we eat cold dinners on Sundays ; and we should be worse than Popish to tole rate the national sin of keeping shops open in London, particularly as the various evan gelical societies are so vigorous, so effective. Sir, the material prosperity of our country, in spite of Dr. Newman, is the measure of our grace.' Such would be the answer, of these distinguished, these liberal, Christian gentlemen, and wo will not venture to gain say their opinion. . Again, how exemplary we are in our social relations. No Englishman ever thinks of beating his wife. It is an offence unknown to our laws. There is positively no statute against it ; no special act of parliament, recently passed, to meet so enormous an evil. An Englishman's home is his castle ; and an Englishman's wife is the honoured lady thereof. What, then, shall we say to thee, or do to thee, 0 Ireland ! thou arch-contaminator, that sendest forth thy wild, ruthless hordes, to corrupt and to destroy ? Before they came, the crime of wife-beating was unknown. It must be so ; the Horning Chronicle proclaims the fact, that ' before the Celtic immigra tion wife-beating was unknown.' If wife beating be known now; if wife murder be of almost' daily occurrence ; if the cruelty of the Indian savage — aye, tenfold heightened, be displayed in the heart of London, it is to the barbarous Celtic race that we owe the dread ful catalouge of horrors : — Wife- beating, not an English oitence. Wife-murder, not an English offence. Child-murder, nob an English offence. Slow-poisoning, not an English offence. Drunkenness, not an English offence. Blasphemy, not an English offence. 0 happy 'English nation ! Most glorious Anglo-Saxon race ! What need hast thou of heaven ? Thou hast thy heaven here. Immunity from crime, material prosperity, unbounded wealth. What more dost thou require ? Surely, thou mayst not look for two heavens. But,. 0 my countrymen — for I, too, am an Anglo Saxou — beware ! and, above all, beware ye dilettanti Puscyitcs. ye smatterers in religion who cling Avith desperate earnest ness to every straw of heresy ; who fraternize with ' the ancient churches of tho East,' and send in vain protests against the acts of the state-bishop in Jerusalem, and see not that there is but one centre of unity, as there was but one ark, one temple, one high priest : beware how ye despise these little ones, even though they be Celts. There is no patent of nobility which will be recognised in the high court of Heaven, but the patent of vir tue and of grace. The Anglo-Saxon and the Celt must alike stand before the bar, and he will be the highest and the noblest who is the highest in charity, the lowest in his own opinion. There is work to be done at your own doors : do that first. Let no Catholic journalist, for shame, have to write, as the Morninq Chronicle has written : — 'We question whether the metropolis of the ancient paganism could have revealed, in the very lowest class of its population, such do mestic horrors as does the capital of the most favoured, the most moral, and the most do mestic nation upon earth.' Do away with these iniquities, and then you may justly re proach your sinful brother ; or, rather, you will then know what sin is, and by whose grace you have been enabled to triumph ; and you will acknowledge the grand truth, that God is everything, and man nothing; that in God's Church are virtue, and holiness, and truth, and brotherly love, and Christian forbearance ; and that, if you wish to be in reality what you say you are,— 'the most favoured, the most moral nation upon earth,' you must unlearn the prejudices of education, you must cast aside the bonds of nationalism, and wend your way, like humble pilgrims, to the shrine of Peter, where you will find forgiveness for your sins, steadiness of faith, I and that communion in all good, which you now do but utter with your lips, but which will then pass into your hearts, informing everything, directing everything ; making you Anglo-Saxons indeed, the Anglo-Saxons of Gregory, of Augustine, of Bede, of Wilfrid, glorious mi earth, unspeakably glorious in I heaven. 