A STORY OF .COLT'S REVOLVERS.' An Irishman, formerly well known as one of the choicest spirits in Trinity College, Dublin, but who, owing to tlie dilapidated fortunes of his ancient family expatriated himself some few years since; and entered the Turkish army, wrote a letter, or rather a journal, addressed to a friend, about a year since, of which tiie following is an extract. It may snffloo to state that he was engaged ill the Turkish campaign in Asia; and during- a severe engagement, was wounded on the heights of Basoh-Kailik-Ldr. After having described tiie horrors of ' the field drill his narrow - escapes in two or three skirmishes; lie gave the detail of his sufferings for h day and two nights, during which he lay exposed among the slain -arid wounded "on tho field of battle.- The stoiyof'the manner of his escape from two plunderers or camp followers by means of a revolving pistol is so curious that I make no apology for extracting dud forward ing q somewhat lengthy, passage. 1 Tho whole letter appeared to . me most singular and interesting, but this part of it more so than any; for how muny of our poor fellows at Alma, and more especially Inker." lnauu, may have been deprived of life riuder some what similar circumstances, ... without happen ing : to have the same means of resistance?, If this story act as a hint to ' our soldiers and our . liitnrc authorities, I shall be. well repaid for die trouble I have taken. As to tlie truth of the tale, let that speak for itself. There are'some things that; cannot he imagined or invented so easily as- -theyj may happen. . If war desolate the world pliysU cally, it ennuot be denied that it is at least a . fertile . romancist. I will now commence the narrative, be ginning about the middle. of tlie journal. All had for long .been silent, save occasionally a groan from : some poor devil, wounded like me, perhaps dying, and the. howling of tlie wolves from the forest skirt ing the field of battle — a pretty sort of wake for a decent Christian Turk, and worse by distances I can tell yon, my dear , tbau Pat Houlagan's grand mother's screeches the night we entered lier cabin, on tho moor after that fiimous day's ' snipe shooting, when they laid hint out, as they said, " so . dacent, wid the plate on his chest, tiie spalpeen." Well, to return from this digression, I felt bow fortunate it was that I lay so near the middle of tlio plain — a sort of centre-dish, you see — since otherwise I:woald; be torn by some savage beast or other, before any one would liavo been likely to inquire into the pre cise zoological character of my disease. - I knew very well the next morning I should he rescued, as I eoulil see that the Russians were retiring, their fires being all out this night, and I hail just . said to 'myself, "Jaok, it iB all right, you1 will bo easy and comfortable with your limb ele gantly bandaged " to-morrow," arid ' I actually tried to . whistle " The Bells of Shoridou" and " Hory O'Mctre," and one or two other tunes < to keep up my spirits. It was rather a failure both ill execution and intention, I will .own. - . Anil now. for a description which our old friend Chnrley Lever might do justice to. On a leafless tree near mo sat six or seven huge birds of prey,, gorged, with tlieir horrible repast. I knew they were not likely to touch me whilst I remained living— I oanuot add .lively ; but suddenly I saw a figure flitting to and fro, like tiie ghost of my aunt- — , and occa sionally stooping; as' if engaged in some office. of mercy, and thereby now and then lost among the broken, groups of men, horses, &c.;, heaped upon the plain,, and now and then emerging into the bright light of the moon as it came forth from behind the dark masses 'of clouds that occasionally obscured that terriblo landscape. " What is it ? '.' says I.' Presently I became aware of the existence of four or five other figures similarly employed. At one tinie I thought they were, women, and then priests adiriinisteririg consolation and aid. I thought of the Spanish stories poor Major Atk— — used to tell us. I knew there were monks in Asiu, though I could not tell where tliose came from. Tlieu all kinds of strange .thoughts of ghosts and vampires — the very oreations of tiie co'uritry I was in — suggested themselves to my imagination. . I- gazed until I could gaze no. longer ut their forms, which seemed hardly to .approach' nearer, and ' at length fell back contem plating a.silvery halo .around tlie inaon, which put 'me in mind of the Cove of .Cork and Lucy M' -, tlie. darling i I might have continued thus about lialf-an-hour, when a sound caused lne to turn round, and I beheld a sight that filled me witli horror. A figure, like one of the witches ill Macbeth, , was stooping over aud grappling with the wounded Russian General, who lay some ten paces distant from me. I could bear every breath and movement of the pan- as the veteran struggled with his fiendish .- assailant. : There was a fearful still ness about that deed; for the victim uttered not a word, probably in disdain of liis fate. At length ho succeeded in holding off her skinny and ensanguined arniB, and while doing so uttered a few words in Russian, which I could not understand. Finding her task difficult she gave a hiss like a serpent, and presently a male confederate, looking like Burke-or Hare clothed for ail Adolphi melodrama, sucli as I have seen iu London, stole to tlie assistance and deliberately passed a long kuife into tho bosom of the hapless Russian. I heard tlio sound of it, and the low deep groan that fol lowed. Vainly liatl I endeavoured to shout, in order to scare these fiends from tlieir prey ; but my tongue, clave to the roof of my mouth. I was like one under a nigkt-mnrc. Suddenly the moon dived keneiuh a cloud. When it cinue out again tlio spoilers of the Held of death had finished plunder ing tiie Russian General, whose white lmir, livid features, and starting eye, I could plainly see, and were engaged in dividing or securing the booty. Tlie glittering eyes of lite wrinkled Ziugara, for such she was, then turned upon iue. It was evident, from their expression, that luy turn wub ut hand. A tumult of thoughts agitated luy breast. To die thus, after escaping with life from the events of tiie week ? . It was hor rible. Alrcadv I felt tlio clutch of thoso bird-like fingers at my throat. Already j -fancied flint butcher-like knife, "red from a hundred murders, qud .warm 'from tlio old General's- side, slowly passing into my breast.- I could offer no re--' siklnnoc. My left arm was broken— my anola twisted — my strength utterly gono. I raised myself partly up, us witli hideous deliberation tiie pair cam tiously approaehod, ono oil cacli side. What would I have givon at that riionient to bo heading a " for lorn hopo;" to bo struggling with the breakers as when lately wrecked in. thq stormy Caspian; to be standing opposito the boat saw- handle shot in die ' Comity Galway; to bo liob-uobbiugovcriny father's claret iu my grandfather's house, with the black guard attorney who rained us all; to bo- listening to the unmistakciible refusal to marry trie of the .only girl I ever loved, or be arrested by a dirty tailor on ' the eve of a steeple-clinse in which I was the favoti-. rite gentleman rider. Don't fancy that I thougliL of all these things at that time, though I- never thought so much ill a year, as I -dill in those few - ' moments. Tho ugly Jeivisli features of the mail approached ino with the fascination of a serpent. I twisted myself around to mceuhe still mmo fiendish .. glance of tho woman. They ncared me. Tlio chiieli of the man is upraised. Suddenly thq cords., of speech wero loosened, ami . I screamed— screamed liko a horse in tlio agony of the battle-field. " I'slinU . ' never forget the sound of my own voice in that 'un earthly cry. The inonstcrs'draw hack, but it was only to look at each other arid indulge in a;ckuckle of ghastly merriment. -— - . At that instant I thought of something— witli my right hnnd I ilreiy forth my Colt's revolver, ' 1 1 re- ' incinhered distinct, ly during the Instant' it-' took -to ' pluck it forth, all the incidents of tho two days > provious-vcaqli time I had fired it, and - that' there1- " were two charges left when I was shot down from ' : my horse. To snatch it fortli- r-to dock iMo' level it— to pull tho trigger— was the work of a ' second. Down wont tlie man, a filthy corpso upon ' the ground. I remember seeing tiie sbadowy forms of' tlie obscene birds grouped oropful in tbo solitary tree near mo; lazily extended tlieir wiiigs as thesliain report raiig out. The hog fled half a dozen pedes, like' ' a startled ghoul ; but she was burthened with: 7. spoil, nnd'lier foot caught against tho very corpso ' of him whom Bhe had last assisted to murder. Be. foro'sho could rise, I lind oovereil her witli my pistol. Onol two I throe 1 "She has it." I oricd.- But it '< was riot fated that she should onjoy the privilcgo of instant death.' Site fell wounded and crippled. Her / monus nnd maledictions were horrible. I luiil struck - - Iter, I believe, in tiie hip joint. At length I con- ceived the iden of dragging myself from that nmiel. ling vicinity; for those two wretches lied 'mode th« aooustoined sights nnd sounds of tho. battle-field fami liar and endurablo by coriiporison with, tlieir fieigli. o bourhood eitlior in' life or death. I was riot' dis. . tnrhod ngnin tlint night, arid indeed do not re- - -member muoli more until I foiuid myself oii'q litter, nnd among friendly faces. Looking forth as I was borne away, I saw only one sight in all that ghastly - Hold of death. .It. was thq old Ziugnra's corpse, i Plundered iti' turn by my soldiers, it'lay 'naked, stripped of its gaudy rags, and n ihoustrous vulture had selected it for its prey, as something more cor. rupt than nil that lay arourid.a ;... ' : ; : A My faithful Aolnnot told , mo tlint for four hours - - after titey fouutl mo he could not succeed in getlii g- ' _me to relax my gripe on'iny Colt's pistol. li'Isur- -. I vivo _ these wars, and ever.-hccomc-a-repectable citi- zenjin " ould Ireland" again, that wenpon shall ben prccious heirloom to Imnd ilown to my children's children ns , tiie Instrument of niy Providential es cape frorii'such a death. . .. " We learn' with regret from tiie correspondent who : has furnished us with the above extract, that ihe 1 , writer 'wiis sooir liftei- killed, and vtlie unfinished - letter, or -rather journal, addressed to a dear frieud, was forwarded: afrer many months had elapsed; nt the ' close of lost-year, : by a Seotch'renegado in the . .same regiment to its intended' destination, '" ' 7. Danger or Listening to Flatterers. — Know - that flatterere: are the lyoret kind of traitors; for. they . will , strengthen ;. thy , imperfections -qncourugb thoo:in all, evils, correct , tlieo in ; nothing, - but m» . ; shadow arid paint all thy vicos nnil-follies as thou shalt never, -by their will, discern good from evil or - Y vice from virtue And, because all men aro apt. to flatter themselves, to. entertain- the addition of other - men's praises is most perilous. - ; : : ; . ; ; Benevolence. — Tho- joy: resulting from 'the - diffusion of. blessings': to -those- around ns is'the purest nnd stihliincst that-' can" enter the liiinian'' mind, and can be conceived only by those who liaye experieuced.it. -.-Next' to' 'tiie'corisolntiori of 'divine' ' grace, it is tho most- sovereign balm to the miseries .of.lifp, both in hipi.wko is : tiie object of it; and in him whocxereisos.it, and it will riot only- soothe rind ' triinquilhse a troubled spirit, but inspirc.a constant ' 1 - flow of good humour, content, n'ml enietir nf tnnri _L BisKop Porlens. ... p i- .... \- Causes op Shipwreck.— In our'.'. impression- of . yesterday wo published the conclusion tit which ..the magistrates at Fnlinriuth, assisted by Captain Ro-' bertson, had arrived with regard to tho loss of tiie. emigrant ship John. As wq pointed out two days book the more striking features' in the. evidence, , it will bo unnecessary to recount tlie particulars 6f7a case with which the pitiiUc must, unfortunately;, he too familiar. The various conclusions-now formally ' enunciated are obvious, deductions .from . the ,cvi- detico, and if we advert to tliem at all, it is' because they are now established by . competent- authority. The boats ou hoard tho John were, not: ; slowed in their proper places,. nor were they prepared for sor- .vico if wanted. We may venture to add, as a fair ' deduction from "tiie ovidenco, that evCn 'hlul' they ' been properly- stowed, and had the'y 'been prepared for service,, there was not iu tliem -sufficient aceoiri- ' lubdation'to secure tho safety of-the passengers. "In : the report of tiis magistrates it is added .'that : there 7 were not ou board the ship any menus for making a1 signal of distress by night; nnd to this caue, they attribute the loss of so ninny lives, ' as the weather wob moderate for soiue time after the ship Btruok. For these two deficiencies blame is very properly attached tor tlie owners of the ship, and still more to the Government emigration o'flioers. Tlie" boats and tlie signals must, however, .be. considered merely - as palliatives ,- the prime cause of , tiie .calamity is tiiat'wliicli warrauteil the comuiittai off the . captain . for manslaughter under' the coroner's . iriqiiest : about a week hack; ; It is this :— " Either from the igno rance,- or gross 'niid culpable negligence: of .'the cap- " tain,- the courses steered by his orders were the ilircct canse of bringing the vessel-on tiie Manacle Rocks." Such is the substauco of die report of tiie Falmouth magistrates to the Board of Trade -in its' 1 most important point, and were we' to fill many ' columns with comment - we ooiilil not add to it - -or take from" it 'iil tho smallest particular. The John leaves her port, anil by .the. orders!' ." of the master snob courses are - steered. 'as within :. seven hours afterwards, according to -tlio condition of tlio tides,- and; the force of tlio tides, could not but bring ..her., on. tlie Manacle Rooks. The John arrived at the Manacles just for. the same rea- - sons as another ship may. qrrive. .at Bombay, and : ariothor at New .York. The master and crew care fully navigated her Tor that point, nnd she reached. - it. All other matters aro ' secondary. The boats wero not in - serviceable condition— there Ivcro Hi) means of hoisting or making a' night signal— the mate was ail ignoramus— after the vessel struck tiie captain showed uo alacrity in endeavoring to rescue ' - his passengers from the perilous strait into which he had brought thorn, and the orew followed liis exam ple; but the main and primary cause of the calamity was thq gross ignorance of tho commauder. It is something to arrive at a clear idea upon so momen tous a point, for tlio remedy would appear to follow as a matter of oourse. How is it that a master so' ' incompetent to take tho charge of a vessel is sent to sea at all ? Something we laid heard of a Merchant : ' Seamen's Aot, which was to bring about an eutircly liow order of tilings. Masters in the merchant ser vice were to he submitted to tlie most stringcut tests, aud no one was to be placed in a position of audio, rity who was not fitted for tlio post. In the very case before us; ill addition to the shortcomings of the captain, the first mate held only a certilicnto of service, not one of competency, Tito only remedy is, that the Buartl of Trade should enforce' to their, utmost extent the penalties of the new net against tlio owners of the John. If tlicro he no regard for human life aniung the owners of emigrant ships, perhaps consideration for their own puckets may render them more careful iu tlie selection of comnc- tent officers. — Times, May 18, 