LATIN'- THE FOUNDATION STONE OF ST. LUKE'S CHURCH. The site of this new Church is on a plot of ground situated in Wright-street, Whitmore-square, and his Excellency Sir Richard Maedonncll having signified his intention of performing the intcresring ceremony, a large concourse of people were assemb'ed yesterday afternoon to witness the proccedmgs. Shortly before *4 o'clock, a large procession of Freemasons, consisting of upwards of eighty of the brethren of the Craft in full regalia, and headed by an efficient band, issued from the Masonic Hall, North-terrace, proceeding along North-terrace, through King William-street, continuing down Franklin-street and Morphett-street to the site of the new building. The members of the Craft were decrated with the scarfs and aprons of their respective orders, and supported emblematic banners and flags, wlrlst the Ret. Mr Po'litt bore the Bible upon a scarlet velvet cushion Notwithstanding a very heavy rain was fa'ling at the time, the procession continued ts course, arriving on the ground about half-past 4. Ilis Excellency the Governor arrived shortly afterwards, accompanied by the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop and several of tha clergy. D.P.G.M. Lazar then read the following address :— " Brethren, in compliance with the request of our much esteemed and respected P.G.C. Brother Pollift, I have now had the honour in the capacity D.P.G.M. of South Australia, to lend my aid towards laying that stone, on which it is intended to erect St Luke's Church. I must ever consider it as one of the fortu nate events of my life, that the craft of Free and Accepted Masons should be called forth to assist at an undertaking so laudable, and so glorious, during the time that, frojn their affection, I have the honour of sitting in the chair of the P.G.L. Men, women, and children, have assembled to-day to behold this cere mony, know all you that we are lawful Masons, true to the laws of our country, and professing to fear God, who is the Great Architect of all things, to confer benefits on our brethren, and to practice universal benevolence to all mankind. "We have amongst us, concealed from the eyes of all men, secrets which may not be revealed, and which no man has discovered. But these secrets are lawful and hon ourable, and are placed in the custody of masons, who alone have the keeping of them to the end of time. "Unless our craft were good, and our calling favourable, we should not have existed for so many centuries ; nor should we have had so many illustrious brothers in our order, ever ready to sanction our proceedings and con tribute to cur prosperity. To-day we are assembled in the face of you all to build a house to the service of the Great Author of the Universe, which we pray God may prosper, if it seem good unto h:m. May all masons that enter under the shadow of its roof remember that the secret of the Lord is with them that fear Him. May the work done hero prosper ; may the workmen be comforted; may no strife, brawling, and unseemly words be heard within its walls; may the pastor love his flock, and the flock obey the precepts of the pastor; may our temple of our souls, which thou hast given us to adorn with all good works, till we arrive at that glorious mansion in the skies, where all things are perfect, and there is no more labour but peace and happiness for ever and ever. Your Excellency, any panegyric that I can pronounce must fall so short of what is due to you, Sir. that it would be presumptuous in me to attempt to express my sense of your deserts. Suffice it to say that the Provincial Grand Lodge of South Australia are most happy in having the honour, assisted by your Excellency, in laying the foundation of an edifice that we fervently hope will arise in splendoor and glory, Accept, then, Sir, our warmest and most dutiful acknowledgment for your condescension upon this (to us) most momentous occasion. May He, by whom kings govern and empires prosper, shower upon you His most choicest blessings. May you long exist in the hearts of a loyal people, and continue in health and happiness to be an eye-witness of the completion of this our holy work. My Lord Bishop, in the name of the Craft of Free and Accepted Masons, I have to offer our humble supplications to the Supreme Architect of the Universe that he will afford protection to your Lord ship and your brethren of the clergy, and that you may continue to he the instrument, through Him, of pro moting the happiness and welfare of the community entrusted to your charge." A suitable form of prayer was then read by the Lord Bishop in a very audible and impressive tone, and the line having been formed, the compass, square, and silver trowel were presented to his Excellency, who proceded in a very solemn manner to lay the "chief corner stone, " pouring in com, wine, and oil, accompanied by the following prayer—" In the aith of Jesus Christ we place this foundation stone, in the name of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost Amen." The ceremony having terminated, his Excellency re pherl to the address, expressing the honour and plea sure he felt in taking part on so important an occasion, and referred to the great want of church accommoda tion, for the requirements of so large a population II« trusted that if he were preserved among them, other opportunities might he afforded him to assist at similar ceremonies, and thanking the honorable Craft of Free masons for their warm expression towards him, and the honour conferred upon him, he concluded. The Lord Bishop of Adelaide then addressed them. He referred to the pleasure it afforded him in taking so active a part in the proceedings, and invoked the Divine blessing upon the important undertaking. He expressed the honour he felt at being connected as a member with so influential and respectable a body. The proceedings being ended, three cheers were given for his Excellency, and the procession proceeded along the same route to the Napoleon Bonaparte Hotel, where dinner was provided for the members of the Craft, in commemoration of t^ie event. 