IMPORTANT TO SHEEP STEALERS. THE police at Ballarat, like the watchmen at Messina, have " comprehended two aspicious persons," and like those reverend'guardians of the night, they desired to have them " examined before hi» worship" Captain Vignolles, for certes, he was '' thought here to be the most senseless and fit man for the office of Stipendiary Magistrate at Ballaai-at." Mary Osborne, one of these "aspicious persons,*"'* had transgressed the laws of temperance, and, with a foolish purpose to do honor to the incoming of the new year, had muddled her senses with liquor, walked deviously, talked dubiously, and otherwise degraded womanhood, by the eccentricities of speech and manner, which spring from drunkenness. Whereupon the Dogberry of Ballarat, severely virtuous as my Lord Angelo, when he confirmed the death warrant of the offending Viennese, sentences the inebriate Mary Osborne to six months' imprisonment. " A weighty punishment for so light an offence," exclaim the concurring voices of the press and people of Ballarat. In the abstract, yes ; in the concrete, no : for behold how Dogberry applies the Diviue law of compensation to the administration of justice and the equalization of the punishments which it inflicts on crime. One Francis, the other "aspicious person" is brought before the worshipful stipendiary on a charge of horse-stealing;—an offence, unfortunately, rife and universal. There appears to be neither moral doubt nor want of legal proof of the man Francis's having obtained unlawful possession of, the horse; but, subsequently to the commission of the felonious act, the animal dies, and Dogberry dismisses the case, for, quoth he, death has rendered the charge untenable, and* . to accuse Francis of having stolen a horse (now defunct) would be equivalent to charging him with having ''murdered a ghost." Justice, be it observed, is logical as well as just. Minos can reason like Whately. It was not the material frame of the horse, that Francis stole, but its vital principle, and this having vanished, what proof remains that it ever existed, or that it was ever feloniously appropriated. De non apipareniibus et de, non exislenlibus, eadem ratio est, Doubtless all those who bestow a greedy eye upon the sheep and oxen of their neighbours will profit by the study of Dogberry's logic. To appropriate a bullock or a wether is felonious ; but if the stolen animals be forthwith converted into beef and mutton, the law can take no retrospective cognizance of the offence, seeing that it has ceased to be an offence, for, saith the stipendiary administrator of justice at Ballaarat, the animal being defunct, to prosecute its appropriator would be equivalent to charging him with having "murdered^ ghost !" " 0 wise and upright judge How much more elder art thou than thy looks J" 