REVIEW. thl cdh T??n VOLUNTARY SYSTIIM REXI'OSDn, AND so CIVl, ESTABLISHMENTS OF" R?lolIONo .JUs5TInID; by the 1Rev. T. C. Ewing, tIl M~Iinister of Pitt Town and Wilberforco; tr pp. 26; Cook, Sydney. sci foi COMPARATIVE IMPORTANCE OF FA|TIT AND Il POLITY: an address, by the Rev. G. if Clarke; pp. 24; Walch and Seon, obart; Duthle, Launceston. vi AN ADDREss ON TII New TESTAMENT Wi DOCTRINE or CHURacI SurPonT; by the to Rev. William Law ; pp. 36. ch A Lxrren TO TIE REv. V.ILrIAM LAW, ac LAuNCesToN, V.D.L., ON Tiu. SunaIYCT in OF Ills ADDRESS ON TilE New TESTAMHINT is DocTRi?? or CIIURII SUiPORT: by the hii Rev. T. C. Ewing, Pitt Town, New n South Wales; pp. 33; Cook, Sydney. i RE~Ioaou s men in Australia are nbw pretty well acquainted with i controversy that has made great ip progress in the senate, the church, I' and the nation, during the last few ti years. The policy or impolicy, the justice or injustice, the consistency or inconsistency, of subsidising one a sect, or indiscriminately endowing I all, are patent to every honest en quirer who takes the trouble to t make himself acquainted with 'I facts. When the fixed revenues of cl a -denomination are large, as in tt England, there is scramble for a prizes: nepotism naturallyconducts t to. inefficiency, and a vocation g adopted as a " profession" inevi- v tably leads to malversation. 'There ' is a class of princely pluralists, i, rolling in wealth, and illustrating the doctrines of Him they profess to follow by a contradictory example, ii while the lower ten thousand that o do the work, often mechanically, are O left to vegetate on salaries smaller ti than the church dignitary pays his a valet, coachman, or cook. Where a the maintenance of protestant teachers is moderate, but drawn from the public treasury, as in Aus tralia, there is little sympathy be tween people and parson. He is an "official" to them and nothing more, and the only advantage seems to be to provide a bare subsistence for a disproportionate number of persons who never could obtain a living if derived from hearers, and who certainly would better glorify I God and benefit society if they be came mechanics and laborers, than by occupying the priests' office "for a a piece of bread." We advocate the freedom of religion from state fetters, and the maintenance of the) ordinances of religion by those who value them, not because such at course is ecclesiastically correct, but because it is politically right. But it has been unnecessary to discuss the question in Australia recently public opinion in England, in the Imperial Parliament, and in the 1 colonies of Britain, has outstripped the zeal and energy of mere politi cians like ourselves. Mr. Clarke's.pamphlet is penned in a kindly spirit-it is scarcely controversial, and is unsectarian throughout. At the outset he ob serves: There is probably more reason to appre hend mischief in christian churches from a prevailing spirit of apathy and indifference in regard to these subjects, than from sin cere erroneous conclusions, and I shall thereforo attempt, not so much to show what religious views I think a christian man should hold, or what principles of polity he should support, as to urge our obligation to make conscience of both. In a great variety of ways tile true is aacrifed to what is current, convenient, or prescribed, and the Importance of having a faith in harmony with fact is for gotten. The late continental theologian Vinet, in his work on religious con viction, has elaborated this subject in a masterly manner, and to that volume we would refer those who wish to get a clear insight into the whole matter. The case of ecclesiasticism in Australia is thus stated by Mr. Clarke: In these colonies, there has been the in- troduction on the one hand, and the accept ance on the other, of the principle of en dowing the most adverse and contradictory creeds. With one handl the state is paying laborers to erect an edifice of faith, and with the other, another set of laborers to pull it down. There have not been wanting in dicatlons of a desire to extend this princi ple of state endowment to every phase of religious opinion that may be professed in the community. "In shapiig that part of their policy which touches man in his spiritual capacities, they seem to look with coat partive indifference at its probable effect upon men's views of God and christianity This marvellous catholicity in regard to opinion and faith, however, is displayed only in reference to spiritual things. What a man may think of God, and of Ills moral government, has, in their view, so little practical bearing upon his own. character and destiny; that they are willing to pro vide out of public resources for the teaching of any and every doctrine; but what a man may think aid believe touching this earth, that sun, or those stars, is by no means an unimportant matter in their estimation. The rude peasant is pitied for the deplorable ignorance that allows him to suppose that the moon Is a green cheese, that the sun is a ball of fire, that China is in Africa, and that the green rings which he sees in the meadows are caused by the midnight dance of fairies. Theso childish and erroneous beliefs are justly referred to as dwarfing ilis stature, and seriously impeding his moral development. It would be curious to look In the face of that man who might be bold enough to propose that the public be rated to provide the teaching in some schools of such trash as this, whilst in others a different and much higher kind of instruc tion might be given. Why,this is the very thing of which the advocates of national education complain. What then ? Is error so serious in relation to the ordinary works of God, and so innocuous In relation to Himself and the principles of His adminis- tration ? Why not pay indifferently the scientific professor and the ignorant dame for teaching what they believe? Why interpose by law to encourage the one, and, if possible, put down the other? Is it not because you are convinced that correct views do something to mould tho man, to widen his sphere of usefulness, to open up to him fuller sources of enjoyment ? When chemistry, geography, mechanics, or astronomy, are in question, does any one in his senses say "Never mind what a man is taught, so long as he believes it with all his heart? " No, no! This absurdity is never found except it association with the spiritual world; and I greatly suspect that it is chiefly because the claims of Divine Truth are underrated, and its practical influence upon men is supposed to be imaginary, that any can be met with who process themselves willing to support, by a public provision, every kind of religious teaching—good, bad, indifferent, and con- tradictory " Such is the undeniable result that has been brought about in these colonies, involving, both in toe provision and the acceptance of It, a principle which, I confess, shocks my reason as much as my moraI judgment, and which the most ex- pansive charity can never reconcile with that reverence which Is due to Divine Truth. It is one thing to endow a single creed, taken to be the expression of the truth, and though we shontd not think it right, it is at least compatible with an abstract reverence for the 'Truth in those 'who sincerely hold it—but it is another to give a legislative sanction to mutually sub- versive and contradictory beliefs about God and everlasting salvation. To reconcile this with a sense of the importance of faith is a task beyond my power. I would earnestly submit to you that in simple reverence for the claims of Truth as such, it behoves is all respectfully, but firmly, to it discountenance a principle and practice, only consistent with the position of the old heathen philosophers and statesmen, that there is no such thing as Truth to be ascertained about God, and that all creeds are equally false, and for certain purposes, equally useful. Again, What, for instance, is more common titan to heer such language as this-"If I am right in my creed, what does it matter whether 1 prefer to join this or that church? The same saving truths of the gospel may be preached by Episcopalian, Presbyterian, Methodist, or Independent, and there are devout christian men in all these bodies. Why should I trouble myself about their different principles of church order and discipline, and not consult my convenience In joining which I choose?" Why not? Simply for this reason—that, if there be principles of polity laid down in the New Testament, you have no right to choose, but are bound to submit. Intentionally, you may only be listening to a preached gospel; inadvertently, you may be helping to sup- port a machinery of gross unchristian character. Mark the frequency and earnestness with which the Apostle main tains the liberties of christians. You have no right to lend your sanction to an organi zation that systematically infringes them. . Further on, Mr. Clarke observes: The importance of church polity may, perhaps, become more obvious to us, if we take up, in detail, the questions with wlich it is concerned, and bring them to the test of recorded observation and actual expe- rience. 1.-The first is,—Of whom should a Church be composed ? We reply, it should be a brotherhood of "Saints"-'a society from which impurity should be as much as possible excluded. Repentance towards God, faith ilt our Lord Jesus Christ, and loyal submission to is will-tlhis is the indispensable qualification of membership. The condition is mainly one of character. A life plainly incomlpatible witll personnl regeneration, and renewal by the Holy Spirit, in short, the absence of piety is a sufficient disqualification. If moral im purity be subsequently detected in the church, they are "to put away that wicked person from among them." Here, I take it, is a great scriptural principle of polity. But suppose all this to be practically dis regarded and set aside: substitute other and less stringent terms of communion; let the church no longer bear an exclasively spiritual character; enlarge its pale so that there shall be room within it for every grade of character, from the believer to the in fidel, from the saint to the sinner who has not even a rag of decent worldly reputation to cover him. Suppose all this, what can we expect as its inevitable re- sults? Is it not a misnomer to call an organization so constituted, a lhristian Church ? Has such a conglomerate the right to assume the name of "God's building"—His "temple," His "church,"— aye, and even to arrogate no exclusive claim to it? Can the most elastic charity call such a promiscuous aggregation, a com unity of saints? Is it a corporate exhi btition of the spirit of Christ, a reflection of his likeness and will upon the world ? No ! —assuredly whatever men may choose to entitle it, it is not that, but a misrepresen tion of Him His Gospel, and His people— It is not in embodiment of christianity. Archbishop Whately, if we mis take not, has employed the following illustration to adumbrate the same truth; but Mr. Clarke has given it a " local habitation and a name." The agument, interwoven with the texture of the figure, is incontro vertible. Most of you are probably familiar with the story of the mutineers of the Bounty, and their settlement on Pitcairn's Island. For many years they were unheard of, and whet at length their retreat was discovered, Adams only of the original crew remained alive, but their descendants had grown into a considerable community. I only wish you to prolong indefinitely the time of their re-discovery, and then imagine some such history of the Islanders as this. Among tie varlotis articles rescued front the vessel before she was destroyed, were a few books includlng the Bible. So long as Adams's companions were alive no use was made of it; but when he found himself alone, the circumstances in which he was placed, and a feeble sense of responsibility for the rising community around him, directed his attention to religion, and so to the study of the Bible. By degrees the light streamed into his mind, and the simple perusal of the book became the instrument of conversion to his soul. No one, I suppose, will deny that the word of God may Issue in such a result without the intervention of human agency. The truth, 'now so precious to him, he is naturally impelled to impart to others, and his simple preaching is, by the blessing of God attended with similar' re sults. 'The believers are drawn together, and form a society quite distinct from that of the general commonality. Adams, we will suppose, has never even been baptised, but they read that the rite Is enjoined, and perform it for one another. As naturally do they appoint one of their number to preside over thile nlfirs of their little band, liti and take a lead In thue nilislry of the iiI word. They may, nsd Iprobably would, el choose hhI bor theu' first teacher, but they eV are niot undller anl oblligation to do so. tHeo r canot claim the otlico by any divine right. Turning to the New Testamelnt, they fould is the ordinance of the Lord's Supper enjoined be upon his dilsciples, and they, therefore, ob- in served it at stated tilles is it socihtl mecal. cc If their chosenu pastor were pre present, they woalti naturally expect him to presido--if not, thley found nothing to prevent thle pr observing it by lleutselves; snd ssi inl other to matters—deeming themselves competent to exercise all the functions of the Christian church, they carried into practice what the New Testament enjoined. Now, supposing or all this to have been matter of fact and history, what shall we say of it? Did , they in the New Testament import of the terms constitute a Church ? Was it duty or was it arrogant assumption on the part of their teacher to preach the Gospel ? Did he incur guilt by doing it, or would he have at been guilty if lhe had not done it? Having themselves accepted the Gospel, and find- ing that certain ordinances were enjoined upon believers, were they bound to observe them, or were their ministrations invalid ? Either it was their duty or they were , guilty of sacrilege and profanity. If these ce things are by divine right, a monopoly of hi the priesthood, if their efficacy depend b upon their being administered by conso- crated hands, if an "apostolic succession" of ordination can alone authoriso the ful- filment of the commands of Christ, then they ought to have remained without them is until, perhaps, some century after, they should be discovered and visited by a lduly authorised minister. Would any minister it have ia right to go to such a society and si say, " A11 that you and your fathers have s0 done is wrong: you have inot entered the Church of Christ by the door, but climbed 05 up some other way ; you have been guilty, like Uzzah, of laying unholy hands upon the ark of the Lord; your rites are invalid and your performance of them a thing to be repented of; the work must all be done over again by a rightly constituted autho- rity," and all that. Now I mean to say, that the theory of church polity advocated by some would compel us to use such lan- guage; and, if we justify it, mark the con- clusions upon which it will land us. Then these poor people might have passed away, generation after generation, and though the word of life was in their hands and in their hearts, they could have neither part nor lot its the Christian Church until they might, perchance, be rediscovered. Then they are handed over to the uncovenauted - mercies of God. Then they are both en- joined and forbidden to do the same things. In a note Mr. Clarke adds:- The historic growth of the meaning and mode of observing tie ordinance of the Lord's Supper affords one of the most striking illustrations of the reaction of polity on faith. Its nothing, perhaps, has there been such unwarrantable assumption is or so wide a departure fiom the authority it of Scripture. The following note occurs in a recent publication—" The Voluntary System Exposed," by the Rev. T. C. Ewing :-"Indeed, so profane are Christian men becoming under this system' that it has ' been discussed and approved of, in the Committee of the Colonial Missionary So- ciety, that a lay preacher without ordina tion, might administer the sacraament of the Lord's Supper !' "' Search the Scrip- tures," we may reply ; where is there a shadow of support for the notion that the presence of an " ordained minister" is ne cesssary to the due celebration of this soleumn rite? What Is there to forbid Christian "lay" brethren from observing it, if they deem proper, in the absence of a clergy main? We fearlessly challenge proof from those records of inspiration which are the only standard of authority that we can acknowledge. Unquestionably, it is both natural and seemly that the presiding officer of a church should conduct this ser vice, but he must leave the Bible if he would claim it, as by divine right, if he nopoly, and denounce as profane its obser vance it his absence. By the Book we stand or fall. Mr. Law's address is a gentle e. manly production: his premises are an carefully stated, and his deductions In iucuntestible. His logic is keen, he and somen.imes scathing, but his reasoning is as clear as his con ve clusions are inevitable. The fol ty lowing passage is a fair sample of Mr. Law's power of expression : of We not only maintain that Christ is the 0o l supreme Head of His church, but that loe is to the only one. We halivv er preserved inviolteo, fs- anil still guard with jealous care, tile " Crown :- Rights of the Redeemer." We further main tain, that lie who thus sits enthroned as a King in Zion invested with all power and nil is- rule has made known his will. The Bible we ng regard as thile only statute book of Christ's kingdom. When disputes arise amoegst us, fl whether as regards doctrine or discipline, our it only sonrceof appeal is to the Iible. tiWe can e citc no nuthoritative nets of council, be they Greek or Latin ; we can accept the decisions e of no synod or assembly of divines; we have ro- no moderator but Christ ; we acknowledge no minutes of conference save those of the one held in Jerusalem by inspired men. We have lii1 no musty parchmenuts amuogst us of venerable sty, santiquity and autlority savecertaint parcments i written by hoy men of old under the special aund guilanen of the Hoily Spirit, now collected in ed, one book, the BLible, andt comnmitted to the ied "immortal custody of the press," tlt eopies ilto mny be muhtilied. We do lot Iprofess any iiss deep veneration for the so called futhers of sei antiquity, or the doctors of thie mtidde!o ages. When w are told to "Seek unto thenu that sil sivec familiar siirils, and unto wialrds that peep nsi and that tutter," our unvurying reply is. "SlShouli .ot a people seek unto thelr God ?" oks "'To the law and the testimonsy." We bIelieve ns's tsat ncripture is full and completpe, self explnin a of ing, its own cummentator, of Dlivine authority, tie nd to ie read anld studied by every individual and for the great psrposes of pnlicalon and tie instruction. Setting aside then all hIumn Iis authorities as vanities, antd divLestlg ourselves of all preeonecived opisions, whether for or no gninst tihe doctrine of tie voluntnry auplsrt of thed i Christian religion, let us endenvour ta the investigatle nld nserinln tie New T'estamentc lotl doctrine of Church Support. It Adverting to Scripture history, Mr. Law thus supmnsarises, tle question:- - It is evident from the gospel histories that oral when Jesus Christ oxereised Iis ministry upon tot earth he wavaled himself of any opportunity that Ch offered, whether in the synago gues or thoe n0 temple, tho mnoutal top or the read to we IEmmanos. tih l'harisee's hIoase or tile deek of a is ship t wherever men wore foond willing to be rig tallught, there Jesuls nmade known IIls tlther's no will. This mode would manifestly reqoire no CI fixed penco of ossombiy, nld wvould involve bht h l little expense, Whlen Christ left: theo earthll,' by his ropresetnttives, thoi postles and 'vangelists, th closely followed Ills example i they "went everywlero preaching tIhe word." The prisoners' doclk or Mlrs Hill, tihe prisom at fro lhillppt, or "tlhe river sideo where prayer was wont to ho made," was equally good. Whion, foe however, their word was souccosfil, those who l believed were drawn together by Christian of Instincts, and appointed a place where they de could meet together. These were generalliy t upper rooms, oclcupied probably y some 1 ni Cliristian fily, or biy on apostle, and would to present a mixture of cloaks antd unfinlished toents, of books and parchments-the workshop, a the study, and tile place for Christian fellowship. fo There one Iby one, "for fear of thie Jews" or ri Roman soldiers, wovld they congregate together of "to sing ymns untlo Christ," and encourage w cncil otiher to be fildthfol unto death. Probably a their poverty, and certainly the persecutions to t whichl they were exposed, would not permit iL them to build meeting houses ; privaecy was n1 tiien an object, miid doubtless in selecting n ai place It was a matter of importance to have one where Scribes anod Pharisees, lBoman soldiers or si spies, would he least likely to come. The expenses connected with these meetings would ti be trivial, and migit. perhaps, hbe defrayed biy the individual or family who furnished the necomniiodation, or by the contributions of the i aRsembly. Paul, we know, "dwelt two wholo l years lit. hisi own hired house," receiving all 7 who camo in unto him, ai teaellching with oil Ii cnlfidencee the Christins religion, no main for- i bidding him; biit ossuredlyho was not assisted d iby the then reigning powers t they simply k tolerated hism s a teacher, "respeeting one Jesus who was dead, but whom Paul affirmed f to be alive." The nature of Christ's kingdom a is thus eloquently stated : His kingdom is in the world, but how unlike P it is to earthly kingdoms a few sentences will ' show. The kingdlom of Christ is essentially n spiritual in Its nature, " For the kingdom of God Is not ment and drink, but rigilteonsness, and pence, and joy in the Holy Ghost." Enrtily kingdoms relate to anti govern the outer man ; the domain of Christ is tile inners man-othe soul. iEarthly kingdoms and nauthor ities are obtained by "conquest. compact, or delegotion ;" their state is outward and visible, they admit of and require assistance, subor dinate rulers, tried connsellors. Bet tile kingdom of Christ is invisible,. "it cometh not v with observation :" Christ rules alone is in ° every part of His dominion "pervading immen sity by His presence as He- does eternity by His existence," is all wise and all powerful. Earthly kingdoms are supported by the sword ; and tihe roar of cannon or tile rattle of musketry is their method of reason, and ulti- t mate mode of conviction-ofttimnes rapid anid decisive in drawing an inference or enforcing nn argument. But the weapons employed by Christ are not carnal; love is the great weapon E -the sword of the spirit is the word. His victo ries are those of graeo; His enemies He trals. forms into friends; He does not destroy life but saves I Is standard is not stained witih any S blood save His own, is not wet with any tears save tihose He weeps over lost souls, is the emblem of pence and righteousooness, the gather ing point of the nations. God "hates robbery ( for a burnt offering." His word does not t sanction "distraint for- church rates," If "the beahtifnl parish church" is fast hastening to deeay, nit if it's " loty spire which has so long pointed heavenwards" is becoming giddly withl its elevation, why let those wlo worslhip in tile " church" willingly offer their silver and gold a to repair "the wastoplaces of many generations." Send not men with swords and staves to conmmit a legalised robbery, and "alnil for the good of souls and the glory of God," and the t salvation of your own pockets. Truly men will do marvelously wicked things to support a cause which above all others is the friend of justice and freedom. We have not space to cite his reasoning on the passage (1 Cor. i. 3rd to 14tli vertses) in which Paul so distinctly lays tlown the principle on x which the ministry is to be sup ported and the people by whom it is ~ to be upheld; but we must make rooms for the following excerpt: SIt is evident that the apostle in the illustra tions we have considered implies, or assumes, it that the parties who attend upon and profit by g the teaching of theo Christian minister are re sponsible for his support, and they alone. Theo a nation that sends forth the soldier is responsible for his maintenance; thile ground which is tilled is to give the fruit ; the fock which is tended, to furnish food and elothling. Hence the a opostle says,"If we have sown unto you spiritual things, is it a great thing if we shall reap your enrnal things?" And surely it is but reasonable that the imparter of spiritual good e should be furnished with temporal things by those who profit from his labors. To suech, the arguments and illustrations are obviously n, addressed. T'he epistle was written "to tilhe is church at Corinth," not to thliostate. The church, as a church, was the responsille party. Paul \- pt forth no claim to sappiort from the govern I- ment at Corinth, the services lie rendered were ,f so obviously his duty as a good citizen, or so indirect, having never written a political party pamphlet to uphold the doctrine of " the divilne ie right of kings to govern wrong," or the duty is of unlimited submission to "the powers that be," that hlie felt lie had no claim upon it for a i palace and a stipend, because of services ren dered. a Mr. Law is not half-hearted; he all has confidence in his. principles. ts He knows they descended from hs, heavei, and were delivered by Him n who spuke as never man spake. ey The supposed inefficiency of the voluntary nos system Is merely assumed : it supports moroa Sminisliters, builds more places of worship, teaches no more children, and supports more pllilanthropeic no institutions, than the stato can or will. We vs argue, then. from the nature of the caso, fromn ale the command of Christ, from the preetice snd its cateoinigs of thie apostles and early Chlristlan inl bishops, aud from tie ascertained efilieney of is the voluntary principle, that the parties respon ie sillo for the due support of thie Clhrlstian min. ls I stry are those who profit by itsteneisngs: upon ny them this duty rests, upos them ill its respos of slsility pressed, anld from It thiey cannotescape. es. Tile comlan d of Christ is os clear and positive sot upon this point as upon any hi the range of ep Christian duty. They may may neglect it, and is, like the priests and Imvitte of old, we cannot ?' visit then wirltl pains and penalties, ald would ve lnot if we could, but there is One who will. in- Whenl we speak of the voluntary support of tle y, Clristianl ministry, we do not mean, then, that uit is optional will the chlrceh mnember whelther nd hle coitributes or not to tihe support of Iis min isan lter. The command is positive, the ordlnance cm of nuivormrl perpetual ohllgation upon1 nil, who, or sssociated in bonds of Cisristinn fellowship, bav, of one over them as pastor and watchmaniu. 'lcThey to canuot escape from this duty by any species of ntl delegatuion theirs Is the duty. It is a volun tinry npport, ilarmucll as tlsey are not cons polled to support a religion thsey do not approve 'Yit Is volutar"y as to the amount they shlal offler we iave not n fixed sum. we expect all c( to give s thoe Lord hatit prospored them, n.a G is promnpted by gratltpde to Clrist' lovetohls ordinnuces, and resipect to his pnieister, ; ut Iosupposo tliatilis volu~tary, in the setine of a L Ciristtm mqtn boi g at liberty to cootrilpto or not just its hio please. is wrong t it is riot wheat weomeant nor what lho nesriptaretoeacih. Such se s is the testimooy of scripturo in relation to the o0 right of gospel prenchers to receive a mainla. eanee from thoso who profit by their labors. A So Christinel minister has a right, thLu, to a proper at t toltentmoe; such maltenane boeihg tietguluted c by th.ocircuonstneoo ip which Io is placed, and e the people among whom heo lbors. ' Tihiesealo of ministerial Income upon tlio' ° voluntary system will, as mattler of course, from the necessilties id circumstances of our to social state, vnry In different phlees'nud at dif - wenalth of theto urct , uch tpon thieo possession i Sof popular talents ity tie ttinister i nluh will a Y depeld upon the method adopted for taking upni ithe ofilrings of tile churcht-upon tact, reg-ul Srity, businesos g tmore upon tihe f tone and temper of the Christian spirit. In fi t proportion as the Gospel is loved an0n valued, and its servant "esteemed very highly in love Sfor Ihis works' sake," is that proportion, gone- t rally, will a minister have on hbundant supptly N r of careal things. It is often astonishing to seo S Swhit by vigorous elrort and managment, g Y smeoll but poor clhrcht, united, eoarest,nmi d loving, will raiseo for its minister. And we to it fully elve, and heartily mnlorso the state ment, that a small salary cheerfully raised Iy anl affectionate and willing people, is infinlitely b more valuable than thousands of gold and 11 silver wrung from the pockets of the unwilling amidst imprecations and bitterness. We eel. tate not to say that the' insatiable selfishness and grasping rapacity of men, who called eI themselves Christian ministers, have done more to obstruct the progress of true Christianity 1 than the open efforts of avowed disbelievers. The worldly spirit' of Christian ministers whto I have ever bee hunting' after rich livings, has damaged religion to an extent which only tihe disclosures of the judgment day will fully makeo known. And if no other argument against t Ib it state-paid ministry could be found, tihe mati- t feat evil effects produced upon the ministers so sustained, woulndlead us so regard tihe system t m as being at once dagerous tiad unwise. No superior plan will be foltl to thlat taught by Christ, and practised by the apostles--" a reel ko procity of techinlg and giving." To " mell ill who cannot teach and will not learn," a system t wiich offers to relieve them of their part of f tile respotnsibility will doubtoless prove oceeplu ble. But sech mnet should tover etter tile . Christian ministry. It is as much tlhe duty of it ho the Church to seek out her "fa ithful men who n or shall be able to teach others also," as it is, whleat found, to sustain them in a spirit of generous r delicay. It is the wisdoum and safety of tie e Ie, Churelt to follow writt undevinting constancy rtihe tcehltngs of Cltrist. 'l'onttcmpt any nlter. to atiou or emendation of His plans for tihe go. 0 v1erntment of His church, tihe support of His V t ministers or ordinances, it sure to end itl evil, . We lsave but one word to add, o; and that is in reply to the appeals I. that are made to the practice under I d the Jewish economy. But the t maintenance of the temple-its on service, and sacrifices-- was not \- compulsory. The State did not t uo levy a tax, and collect it, and hand I sy over the proceeds to the Levites. es The people were told their duty; It butif they disregarded it, as they ry often did, there were no seizures for ot church rates, nor imprisonments for temple repairs. There can be no objec that persons designated Christian ministers should quote all i that the sons of Aaron could cite in ." the way of precept and expostula to tion, in order to collect the "tenth" " equitably clue;. butin the name of ill Mahomet we protest against theI Semployment of the sheriffs officer, or the colonel's troop. is The first and last pamphlets i. named are tolerable specimens of so what may be accomplished in the )n way of authorship by a writer of p- small ability, inspired by hatred, is and unscrupulous in the use of ma ke terial. A gentleman whoconfounds the Roman tribute and the temple ra- tithe; who asserts, contrary to the see, inspired record, that the Levites were r "men ofsubstance" thouglh deprived Iho of an "inheritance," among the other itlo tribes; who tells us that Constantine haed endowed the clhurch, and cited Mrs. thte Stowe in proof that voluntaryism is rou responsible for slavery, may be bt safely left alone.. If we have not mod misread history, American slavery by was an "institution" long before c, compulsory payment for religious objects had ceased in America; and rch, it is somewlhat singular that if the ol t church" is the bulwark of slavery, eoro Mrs. Stowe has taken care to let the r o world know it is not the Independ l eat church, for she says she does luty not know of one that holds a slave that directly or indirectly. In this, as in tr other instances, that communion which in England and her colonies le is identified with voluntaryism, is les. just proportionally far ahead of om other sects in America. The elegant im slaveholders of the Soutli chiefly belong to the-faslhionable faitlh it is the exalted privilege of Mr. T. C. wire Ewing to adorn. 'I The Dr. G.s'ivho rites preach so beautifully about "order," pie and tile Marie St. Clares who listen ron, with such rapture to their "own" and sentiments fromt the pulpit, are the hOaf people who quote scriplture for keep h lng Itumaon blacks in bondage, be , cause tlhey are not to be trusted 'iOn with liberty,--just as Mr. Ewing pot- adduces' texts to prove that the ivt people are not to be trusted with S thle payment of sacerdotal salaries, not but ought to be compelled to con onit tribute lwhethler they like it or no. rs Most piersons would infer that a tlat volunetary in sacred matters would titer be all thle more likely to be a volun tno- tary in social and secular coscerns. SBut Mr. Ewing is quite confident ve the reverse is tie case, and can rheY prove it, too, from the gospel,accord in-I ng to Pitt T'own and Wilberforce. o r-iThe truth is, thlat tile two things oe lhave no more connexion than the I "Old HIndrcdtl . ' nd the tunebf pIe SGreenseoves. ,' p t stit thDefirst ppm jhlijt Wttisitamelni ' coparis"Owit, tlheisecindi? Likei SMik Trapley, Mi'' T'. 7 . -Ewi g It seecis to have determined " to come go ° out strong." We have read nothing ha so refieshingly ranbid for a long time, fri r and never recollect meeting an we Sequal amountof, iendcity, garbleflis extructs, . c nc irr'elevant matter "I packed into the same compass; Mr. si e, Law, in a brief lbot-note, referred. N r to. Mr.' Ewing's 'first pirodiictioit, al wvithblit'ihnentlit hg lis' name, anlld n in retun.he Ihas been favored with ill a whole pamphlet in reply.* Thle t 'P minister of Pit,'l'own and Wilber- bI t force has collected all that he could ci n find in Blackwood and the Quar- ca a terly Review, and in the' pages'of a e. the impartial Solithey, Xlison, tOr ly Maryatt, and the au thor of Sam th 1 Slick, who alwvaysvwrites with a pen Id dipped in profanity; and havingtorn at en sentences from Carlyle, Macaulay, ° and Gibbon, and cdrefully. kept w ' back the context, he has pored a his vials full to overflowing on the g devoted head of Mr. Law. He charges him and his systein with t ca everything that is wrong, incoun- sistent, and wicked, since the time of Cromwell to the era of Ewing- with slavery, lynch-law, and stingy deacons--with fraud, ingratitude, republicanism, and duplicity : blames them for the lack of educiti tion in the United States, where by the way the public schools are " endowed;" denounces them as persecutors, and the enemies of religious freedom -heretical as well as intolerant. But supposing all Mr. Ewing said had been as demonstrably true as the bulk of it is notoriously false, he could gain nothing. The question is not what was done in England, America, or elsewhere, two hundred years ago, or one year ago: or who has been inconsistent, or what has been wrong among those who have professed a certain belief. But the question is, what right has Mr. T. C. Ewing to compel Roman Catholics, Presbyterians, Inde pendents, Baptists, Methodists, Quakers, Jews, Pagans, and Infidels, residing in the happy region of Pitt Town and Wilberforce, Ii to contribute to his support-to a provide him with sides of mutton, sirloins of beef, loaves of bread, and t an occasional bottle of brandy ? That is the question, and not whether three or four churches which received an allotment of land ten or twenty years back, and which might ehave been purcllased by anybody for £30, with perhaps £500 to aid in the erection of a building, are more obnoxious to censure than the critic whose communion . has'. received of hundreds of sites, tens of tloun he sands for building, and hundreds of er, thousands for maintenance. We repeat, that is not the question. But the question is this: Is or is ats not Mr. Ewing by gospel rule and of moral law a receiver of stolen goods he when he stands by and abets the of civil magistrate in transferring the 'd, comnmon coin of the realm fi'om the a- pocket of an Independent to his Ids own? -le We can find nothing worth extract le ing in Mr. Ewing's pamphlet. Argu are ment there is none, platitudes a few; 'd the staple is misrepresentation and ier transparent fiction. But as we hlave ne plainly expressed our opinion it may be .rs. proper to cull a specimen or two. Mr. is T. C. Ewing does not shine as a theolo be gian. liHe either does not read his iot bible or peruses it to little purpose. ary Mr. Law, speaking of personal godli ore ness, ventured to say " The kingdom of )us Christ is invisible." At this monstrous 'nd absurdity our intelligent expositor takes the flre, and explodes after this fashion: " Thie kingdom of Christ is' not ini t!'n visibl ;'" I, Mr. T. C. Ewing say so, the and so it is 'written in the gospel of ad" Pitt Town. But there is a more oes ancient gospel,t and a better authority, ave Jesus Christ, says "The kingdon of a in God cometh not with observation.. . ion for behold the kingdom of God is withil lies you." Most will suspect that MDr. is Law is right after all, and that his of critic's acumen was blunted when it ant could not distinguish between God's efy invisible kingdom and -the visible' t is church. Alluding to the redeemed, . the Saviour's "inheritance," Ihe clenches h" the fact that they are Christ's by v lcovenant, because God " promised Him er," the heathen for His inheritance." Now, ten if Mr. Ewing had considered the import •vn" of the expression, and read the follow the ins verse, le would not have quoted it ep- in the connexion in which Ie has be- placed it. The Psalmist says indeed ited tlie "inlheritance" and "possession" ring shall be given, but in judgment, not. in the mercy. " Thou shalt break them with vitlh a rod of iron: thou shalt dash them in ices, lon- , We hnve given tie ttle of tie pamphlet circulated here, but nnotlhier seems to be pro. no. fixed to thnat printed fur New South WaIro, if Lt n we m ry judgo from thie advertisement in tihe id Herald, wbic c ruins thus i-" New publishedc tn- e Rov. T. U.. Ewing's pamphlet to William "-Law, IJdependent Preachler. Launceston, V'an ris. Diemeu's Land, on tihe New Testnmeit doe lent trcle of Cliccrclh Supporti &c.;, &e.;, price one can shllipg. Also--Mcr. Bri||gs pamphlet on , Voluntnryism, M lornmonilsm, nndp to Rule of rd- Faith. lay be hancd of tile booksellers and re; stationors, Sydney, and of Mllason, l'arramnntuhi oand of Alalontrord, Windsor." Indeed, tho eg edltions may be entirely diverse. te t Luke xvil. 20, 21. ? piecesllke a pottor's vessel." As a specimqo of wilful mnisrepresentation the repeated ailluion to the Rev. F. Miller may be"glanced at. Mr. Ewing, in his frst ,pamnphlet,'j;said Mr. Miller, of Hobart Town, received £400 from the government, to build his chapel. He has since received £200 a-year salary from government. In some copies the word "received" in the latter instance lis scored out with a pen, and the word " refused" written on the margin, which simply makes the "sentence iibnsense. Now there was no honesty in, issuigg sueah 'a production" fter tio misrepro sentations became known to the writer. The only conclusion that can be arrived at is that in certain meridians the uncorrected letter-press; would answer best, An upright'man' woaild in suich circumstances, at whatever cost, have cancelled the ,yholo ,ditipn, and issued a new one withlian:expression of regret that heo had been -mistaken. Now the thing' did 'look ugly ivth thise : ord "salary" 'einphlisised by italic letters, and'" refused"' written alongside.- 'It could not be a printer's error, for there was no object in telling people that Mr. Miller had refused a salary, for instead of crininating him it told against Ihis accuser. Beside, Mr. Miller only, refused a government stipend once, and that was when the £400 was offered to the trustees, and against the receptioni qtf which Mr. Miller remohstrated.' Thlire was no meaning, therefore, either in."'since refused" or salary. And how does Mr. T. C..'Ewing treat this affair in the second iamphlet P? Tliht therie. may be no mlstaketwo give his own words'- From the government receords of Ven Diemen's Land,' I` haie 'ascertained, that Mr. Miller's congregation, represented by f Messrs. Warham, Jennings, Hopkins, Morrison, and Hodgson,, waited: on hlis Excellency Sir George Arthur, and stated that the chapel was Iu debt to the amount of £400,-that they were anxious to build a mibster's house, and blad In view other ecclesiastical purposes which they wished t to carry out., They thcreforeo asked the government 'to give them £1000.: They reccived £500. S Mr. Miller may say, as he has already Ssad iu a letter to a gentleman in Sydney, a " I did not got the money, the trustees did." . But heo.Is the minister of the church for which the money was obtained. lie know where the money came from, and how it was appropriated, lie never told- the a public that the trustees had done wrong In \- soliciting and accepting government aid. , He cannlot dissociate himself frm tile pro d ceedings of his congregation, acting as such. As a member of the Independent Chapel lie Y received the £500. And as its minister, he, liconsistently enough, refused the annual 0 salary of 2001 from the governmnent. His congregation would not, perhaps, permit him d toaccept it. The Independents will receive aid from the State, "for ecclesiastical pur poses," but the minister must be dependent it on them. They will be his master, and< I hard masters they not unfrequently prove r, themselves to bs. . ot We hiave often heard a criminal in W the dock, whose guilt was established d by the clearest evidence, improviso defence precisely similar to that advanced by Mr. T. C. 'Ewing. But Md tr. Ewing -has placed it beyond all doubt that lie intended to practice' L tergiversation. We quote from'- the" last pamphlet - Mr STATEMr NT."if.-t I Prlie, .in e Independent preacher in the same town, is got land from the government worth about d t?000, and £500 in cash, for the purpose of Is building Ills church. lie has a life lnotbr:st In the property."' e Evanocn.--In the Launccston Examiner ce of 22nd March, 1853, Mr. Dowling writes, he that Mr. Prico's chapel Is. built on land is granted to the Isidependents'of Launceston by the government; 'and that Mr. Price has a life interest In the property. \- Supposing Mr. Dowling a good authority, his evidence .even .on Mr. Ewing's showing does not prove that, an allotment dear at twenty pounds was V0 worth £3000. But what does Mr. be Dowling really say in the Launceston o. Examiner, of 22nd March. I Here it s "It may be now necessary to observe 1 that when I spoke of ministers receiving money or land on account of building o chapels, it is only' as proiisional trustees handing over the same to as trustees . appointed as building comn mittees; and I am now reminded it was in that character Mr. Price 're ceived the ,£00, and that 'the chapel ro and premises were conveyed to trustees' for the Independents, withouit reserva lion . . "f I had thought that Mr. Price was the i'fixed minister for life ; but I am in corrected on that head :.it appears, be ir. holds oflice by will of the church.-I Iis am, &c.;, HINRY DOWLING, Baptist Mit Minister. ' e D blo In-this case Mr. Ewing reiterates a: mis-statement which Mr. Dowling witih drew, and his the -imprudenco br. as impudence to cite the letter retracting y the misrepresentation as evidence the'. im falsehood was fact. There is only one irt short term that correctly describes a person practising such tricks, but that' t dissyllablo:e we are' not disposed to I employ. We are tempted to ieturn the ind peroration of Mr. "Ewing's pamphlet ,, nearly verbatim. In its entirety it is a in CUriosity of literature:- ith Now, Sir, I hlave given yau thel evldeuce in o my statements. If yon cannot disprove it, yeaou will' scly apologie for tle foul caliumny yet have publislled. 'The public blet expecls this-I expect It. 'Nor Is It more ire. tlmni Iam entitled to-you have admolat. , if tered tie poison, now apply thie nutidoto- tile sniece on your part noi will be the \- evldecc.of your gusilt.. It is pitiable to.see a man, InI your position so degrading hlmself by Ilis pre. und ilection for slander, as to become the s cormm and reproach, 'oven of thie implous a nd profie. You may yet ropent and' mnd Rabd--may ntoneo for your fault by a lmI plnai aud public avowal of your grief for the Ithe injuryj you have striven to Inflict upoi - mo. May the God of Truth forgive you i. In sorrow, not in anger, I have written of fiecessityo f suioportiiig ti instittioll; ns there * he~regretted to'say; an increasing domap:on:lts resources; ' :: Mfr. T. B. Bartley moved a vote of tlinnks :to tho trustoos for; theirh: blo managoement of the institution , which was seconded 'by i ." ~ .',- Powell;,i and - unnimously passed. The thanks of tlie meotiig ieroe thei glv3n to Mr. Sams for his conduct in, tha c air. .' Th' th;reo trustees npppinted 'by' the govorsmonut are Win. GaunI, Eoq.,;1YW. G. 'ams, Esq., and Ml. Kennedy, Esq. 