1 - "u MECGANLCS'' TNSTITDTPh Mil AS i . . . i. .. :i . A'le'ctmASwas delivered in the ball of, tlib' Mechanicq'nstitutojast evening; 'tojailiiglily; fespeqtablo and, tolerably numerous audierioe,1 by Mr. Hamilton,; tlio phronplbgist. Tlio subject bo, otiose was, styled " A. Niglit wilh Buiiis/witli Phrenological ilUusti'fttions: of his chdrdeteri". " ,|, s Th'b' lecturer, altor . some introductoiy . re marks, in which lie begged tlio fovbeavimeo: of iiis Audieuee for any imperfeetions;' stating,' as lusA- easbns, tliqt , the, turbulent, meeting, of Wednesday evening, at nniich, liowasl present,' Had completely dissipated, his ideas, ; proceeded, to give a very interestuig, analysis , of - the! jfiirenptbgieal devblopements of, the .head of '' Mr.' Haimlton stilted, that; the, head vof' tho < gi'feat Soottisli libet ; nieusurod l t\vdn'ty-fou'r 'inches in circumference, with, other parts In; proportion, lind that :liis temperament was:- the '" bilious - nervous." The iJeoturor then: briefly passed to u description of, the ., imost prominent, dovelopemouts.ot .lus Jiead. '. Tlio organ of amativenes9 was large, hence liis'de-.. votion to. the opposite sex. It led to.the.great love lie nlways' manifested for phildroii. ., Ehilo- ' progenitiveuess was well pronpunoed, being apparent in liis great love and respect for old people. , Concontrntivenos and love of country woro strong in Bums; ad-, . liesiveness was largo, hence "his' ardent friendships and impulsive love, of . social, pleasures. Friendship and sympathy wove his strongest' feelings. Tlio organ of . combative- ness exhibited' itself in his head, by Burns's hatred of oppression, and the very active steps lie always took to opposo injustice or wrongs. Destructiveness was also large, leading to his fierce declamations against tyranny in all , its forms. His organ of secrotiveness was so large that lie' was entrusted with the affaires ilecanir of numerous friends, in fact, knew more love secrets than any man of his day. Neither acquisitiveness nor constructivones were largo; hence, Burns was proverbially careless of money. Self-esteem and love fo- approbation 'was largely developed, strongly shown by tlie caro with which ho guarded his good mime. Cautiousness wus a strong, principle in him, but henevolenco was jiis most striking point. Ho had tho utmost reverence for sacred things, but liis powers of discerning everything like hypocrisy woro so keen- that wherever ho detected it, he lavished the-'fierccst invc-ctives against it His firm ness was small, — henco the inability lie always .'found to insist tho temptations which beset, him. ' His conscientiousness was also defi cient The lecturer stated that tlie outhne he gave, of tlio phrenological dovelopement of tlio head of Burns. was tlie result of an examination of his slcull. The skull of the poet was dis- interred in 183B, examined, by several emi nently scientific men, nml ensts of it taken ; one of those easts Mr. Hamilton said ho had inspected. Motility, an organ essentially ne cessary to a poet, was very, largo iu Burns ; liis wonder was strong also, henco it was that lie often declared his partial holiof in ghosts. I-Iopo was small, and tho result was that Burns had frcquont fits' of melancholy. ' 'Tho goneral combination 'of his montftl aevolopo- inunts was such that lie was , oqually ominent in enoh vocation of. .life to which lie. had been hailed, whethor. ploughman, , poet, or oxoisor man. . ."j:'. . ' Tho lecturer thou prbcqodod to ihcito yariqus. portions'ql'.tlib poetical works, of Burns Aliich most:bloarly 'illustrated tho' viOw he lind' laid down of tho phrenologibal peouliaritips'of tho E bet's ..headl -i I Woheonfess' s nursolves rather aokward ,'in . our dtnowledno, of Scottish 'or- thography, and-, unable. ; tliqreforq,. to give thq AAriqus passages aiitl poems. delivered by. the lectuvor. ' It'otieurrod to' us tli'qt; the' selections word 'not, well olioseni'in fact, could bnly'lidve 'been- addeptablq to '- those' under, tlio 'influence .of tlio 'i blind god," neither do we think that the reoitntiou of poetry combs within tho'scope' qf- Mr,Hamiltons. abilities,! i,.,i , ."bu't: ; ,,;Wet candidly confess: our disappointment, and 'only ' trust .'.tliht . Air. Hamilton's, hiext; leqturq will bo q'oufined solely to liis profession.: As' tlie; lectuvor' p'did.'so mn.vkqd; d eoinpliment: to .Mr. Koihblo Jldsoii; wo eau 'ouly' regroti that ! " Tahi 0'SlldntoV', was not left;, in - that; .gentleman's baiids. , Tiat.poem:inayhrive.its: .charnis.foall true Scottish inen,- but! the pro-i jrioty qfits fecitatiou; to, a mixad audience by ! difforeiit artists' twice witliin; three, djiys in , the- Adme'Hnlli'.is; tp.eay, .tlie least," questionqble. 'Mr;- Hariiilt'on li as: : jbi-ovolte'd a comparison1 "bo- i tween 'Ms powera of recitation' imd knowledge bf.ithd Doric' acoeutjwliieh'f prevails ; north1 of the Tweed, and.' the': acoomiilishmehtsiiin i the samo lino.oi'i.Mi'. K.-Mnqon. . We, loavo it ito the audiehceAf last night to decide who. is tlie suraji.by.theAojilmbj;'vY ..., . .. „ ;.,,1y 