_. . . THE KI LEN f BAT ILE. There's a battle fight if it d ii y, at unwept and all issues, The bulling whn pool r JL for life that might i down old and young. A battle, In Its total wrath most terrible to all, Whose one very win mingled with the shriek of mankind's fall ; From the poor child wan and wasted, to the broad-shouldered man All fighting for the life to tell, all told g as they can. The order comes the hero turn in bearing patiently She evidences of the snail-like hours with scarcely childhood's a sigh; Except perhaps when looking out upon the fields so fair, A something whisper in his heart that he should then he there. Thatlnstln t whisper the stir of childhood for It, rights The minimum of the earth drought by which the patriot fights ; And still thrill to is one type of work without a hops Moe than 'the loss of- hundreds Bilaolava'aelope. Oh! that. the he whose this should be glad in truly prophetic died Mnatwear the] same caN bottle, with those ring about the eyes. The none of Uvtt think the chief so that the soul shines through, And burns a ghastly beacon light to all the helpless crew ; They're filling in their ranks, worn out by hundreds when the; should be slung on their farms at school and learning what they could. There dwells a demon In our land, 'the he of pain says Td whom the shrieking Infra J made a sacrificial State ; And we, too, soon not worship him for many a child is made Topase through worse than fire to him, replied and betrayed ; call him Mo! recall him Mammon-oil nun anything ye will, Hi who ruled a god in B shed, U crowned and sceptred still. What is he Conference 'twist the fire, and twixt the mine and count" The former day a shorter be, but not a surer doom. What little oiftvr.noj 'tween the fire and Ignorance so late, That knowing how to wheat by law is held a sign of grace What the ClITorc AUB 'with the fire, and you sweet maiden sold stOod sown Ular, like a bale to Mammon for his gold T If He who cleansed the Temple t nee stood here, in flesh, to-day, I spider what, at such a sale the Holy One would say t Heaven Mess-thee, nobile easther I with thy boy upon thy knee ; Bis smiles and tears are rainbow signs of promised peace to thee. Art than thinking of his future of hie blrth-ight-and of all. The great possessions left him, of forest, field, and hall A name to act with mighty de -de, like jewels in a cream, That if he be not strong to bear lia -tight will crush him down! It would a pity he, lady for thered a path to tread, To teach the telling, struggling man to sweeten bitter bread ; And, mother, It doth rest with thee-the plant was in there Thy teaching In the near may it God's arms and motto best I That road will lead him higher far than ere his fathers stood The glory of the heart and head above the Norman blood : And of thy stewardship account exact must yet be given So what w midst thou the balance hive-fur Moloch, or for Heaven t God help thee, weeping mother ! with thy baby at thy breast ; Heilingcth closely, like a bird says stricken to Its nest, Dost, thou, too, or the coming think, and of the weary days THat show themselves, Uto horrid ghosts, dim peeping through lUts'a has Of penury, that heritage left by a father dead ? It scratches out of sight before-and back to that death-bed ; That undisputed heard-, which no other man dare claim Miss 1 is safer for entailed than e'en the noble name. Like tree, so he must suffer from man's heartless hand and door Inserted by the upstart room which beards the conquered poor; His' spring-tide bloom must meet the blast of that plague tainted air Which bites all talent in the bud, till the feet warm Dean It Called In the young heart's folded leaves, breathes out a venom fell, That scorches all to ashes, and the ashes of a hell. Bo vies, the hard, all-eplitilng wodge Us keen point enters in, Till what was but a few at first becomes a gulp of era. Now Judgment give upon the two-the Infant noble born Andie who lies a eerceehl-ig thing, a target raised for scorn The front-rank man In life's black war, opposed to all assail, Bleated River for a bath e wen, and cursed for all that fall : Nature has taken like peace with each torial In limb and mind. small difference doth Jthovab make in any of mankind ; 'Tia man one frames life's differences, aristocratic man He loves to sneer his brother down, If 'it but half a span. But new nobility will be yet current on the earth, Stamped coin from God's impartial mint no matter about birth; Btern proof will be the judge of men, our deeds our only waste, For each must win his own spurs when on self self's honour rest. When In the father's feathers ranked, the son will be no more. Nor wear moth- cram regiment which ancestral greatness wore ; When Truth, that silver-besom'd cloud, rolls up against the wind, To bless the earth with showers of late rain Heaven upon the head. This victory is far far off, but be not faint or sad The promise to the prophet shown afar off, made him glad. Nar you, nor I may see the day, but still the day will be The a ara did tell the whispering wind, the wind did tell it me. pp. 