POLICE OFFICE. Wednesday, Nov. 28. (Before the Police Magistrate, and Major Wel man. J.P.) Licensed Victuallers' Act.— Mr. T. Bruff, of the Clarendon Hotel, was fined forty shillings and costs, for having the hack door of his licensed pre- mises open on Sunday evening, the 8th November. From the evidence of Sergeant East and ConsUble Woodhead, it appeared that their attention was drawn to the house on hearing two sailors belong- ing to the barque Henry Reid in conversation in rather a loud tone, coining out of the yard of the Clarendon Hotel into Mrs. Lukins. The consta- bles aloowed them to pass on to their ship, and went themselves through the Clarendon Hotel, into the bar, in which they found no person but the land- lord, Mr. Bruff. The case was very ably defended by Mr. Adye Douglas, but the bench considered the breach of the act, in having the back door open on the Sun- day, clearly proved, and inflicted the above pe- nalty. Kunocious Attack ny A Doo. — Mr. District Consulilu Drown chaiged l'atuck IJulaiid with fi lming a dangcious dig of his to be at large on KiiiUy, Uie2.tid November John Austin, an inti'lligrnt imUinp Ihiv, abrrnt 14,vcarsof age, provod that hcwaspissingltoland's house on the L-S|iUnide, above thu lirid^r, on his way home lo tlie ulelie laud, about half piht nine uViockou Fi iday night, when the dug ulUeked hivi, bit him -m the stoiiU'-h, and on buth l.gs three or fnur time's, tearing his trousers, &c;, until Mrs. Upland came to the gate, and called the dog off. He did not aggravate ihu dug, nor kuuw he was Hoar until tliu lirute attacked him. Bolind s«d, by way of excuse, that boys were ill the habit of th. .jiving stones at the dug, and that he li.id a license. The police magistrate intimated that there was nothing in ihe license authorizing him to keep a dog lo worry people. Major Wcliimn said he recollected « time when the watch house yard was full ol dangerous dogs found at Urge, nnd enquired of Mr. Brown lion- it was that thu police never found any roaming alwut now? He could kcc a good many on his rounds. Me. Brown said lie arid llierliiefcuiKuMu had drawn Ihe attention of the police to their duly on that bead. Th« Bench fined Boland £3 mid coats, and in- ! forin.'d the hoy Austin that ho could still sue for the damage done to liiinself and his clulhes. Watoii on DOAnn Vessels in Haiiuob.— Capt. Blackloek, of the Native Lass, appeared on an in- | formation charging him with nut having any per- 1 son on w..teh on board his vessel at the Queen's wharf on thu evening of llouday, the 2G(h of November. Mr. Adyo Douglas took an objection to the word ing of the information, which, its ho read it, did ] not charge the defendant with any otleiicu what ever. It ran thus— (list defendant, master of the Native Lass, now (27th November) lying in Ihe poit of LHiiiK-ccton, had nut ki-nt a proper watch on board on the evening of the sGlb, but not stat ing that tho vessel was in port on the latter date. The bench over-ruled tho olgection, and 6aid they would trv the ease on ils met its. ConsUble litoora proved that he luiled the ves sel about G o'clock on Monday evening, and after wards tt about nine o'clock with Mr. D. C. Cotton, but got no reply from any person on board. Did not go on board. District Constable Cotton proved that he hailed the vessel at near nine o'clock, and threw coals on board, but no one answered him. Mr. Douglas stjll insisted that in Ihe information there was no olVeneo stated whatever. Major Wclman thought if such trifles as that al luded to by Mr. Douglas were taken notice of, Micro never could bo a conviction in any case. Mr. Diiuglasstid it was as important as the ob jection made by the judges to the warrant of tin; openlier, merely because it \v«b not properly filled in, liy mating where Mr. Hampton was' to be brought to, and yet the wanaiit was a verbatim copy bum May. Cipt. Blackiock waB fined 40s. iind costs, hut in timated his intention of appealing against the de cision if the Art, admitted of his doing so. Fourteen Days' Credit. — John Andrews wri fined £2 and costs for resisting a constable in th-' execution of his duty. He could not pay, hut as he was under an engagement to go to Circular Head, and the vessel was about to sail, he was libe rated, and allowed fourteen days time to remit lite amount, with an intimation, that unless llio sum was ptid in at tlio office, on' or boHiro dm rapira tii.n of tint lime, a warrant.would bo issued for hu apprehension. Locke v. Nathan.— This was an information liid bv Mr. Alfred Locke, rf tho Prines of Walei. Inn, against Mr. Joseph Nathan, of Clwlos-stniet. fur making uao of aggravating and insulting lan guage to him, on Tuesday, tlio 20lh instant, for the purposo of inciting him to commit a breach of the peace. Mr. Lockn proved, that on the day named, he was in the London Hotel, and when leavingdefen dant. calM out to him,—' Good bye, Locke; see tliKio is Henshaw's Ghost.' Tho police magistrate enquired why such a re mark should be likely to cause complainant to commit a breach of the peace. Mr. Licko explained that it was an insulting al lusion to the deceased husband of Mrs. Locke— a person complainant had never seen. The polirc magistrate said, that on that account there was the less cause for Mr. Locke to bo aggra vated by ir,— but liad the deceased, Mr. Ucushaw, died BUddeulv, mid complainant been in ilw liabit of frequenting the house at the time, he could then understand why the allusion would be very aggra vating, indeed. Ho rcasini'd with defcnih-nt, showing him that sueh a remark, coming lo the cats of a timid person like Mrs Locke, might have a very serious effect, and said that if he would pro mise* not lo molest Mr. Locke, in future, ho thought he might dismiss tho present case. Mr. Nathan promised not lo Inteifeni with Mr. Lickc, in future, but complained loudly about some 11700 which he said ho had lost by complainant and Mr. Gough. 