INSTALLATION OI? THE RIGHT REVER- END THE BISHOP OF SYDNEY. Tho ceremony ot tho installation ot tho Jtight I Reverend the Lord Bishop of Sydney nnd Metro- j po!¡tun of Australia, took place in St. Andrew's Cathedral, George-street, yesterday forenoon. Long before the hour appointed for the commence- ment of the service, a verv numerous assemblago had congregated within the Cathedral; and at eleven o'clock, tho passages wera also occupied, while many were unable to obtain admittance. At a few minutes pas.t eleven o'clock, tho Venerable Arch- deacon Cowper ontored tho church, followed by tho Bishop, the Rov. Mr. Krna, and several other clergymen belonging to Sydney mid the suburban parishes. Tho Archdeacon and the Bishop having takon their places on tho north sido of tho com- munion table, the solemn service for tho day was proceeded with ; on tho conolusion of which, James Laughton, Esq., Registrar for tho Diocese, thou read a notariufdocument certifying the consecration of Frederick Barker, Doctor of Divinity,, to fill the See of Sydney and to bo Metropolitan Bishop of Australia. Ho also read her Mnjesty's Lotters Patent addressed to tho Archbishop of Canterbury, requiring the consecration pf tho Rov. Frederic Barker, and conferring on him powers as Bishop and Metropolitan. After tho reading of her Majesty's Letters Patent, tho Venerable tho Archdeacon of Cumberland formally installed tho right reverend prelate by rouding tho following address ; IN TUB NAME OP OOO, AMEN I In vlrtuo of tho Letters Talent of her Moat Gracious Majesty Victoria, by tho Oraco of God of tho United Kingdom of Groat lirltaln and Ireland (lucen, Defender of tho Faith, now specially recited, and In conformity with tho approved UBOBO of tho United Church of Englaud and Ireland, I, William Cowper, Doctor in Divinity, Archdeacon of tho Counties nf Cumberland and Camden, and Special Commissary of thc Diocese of Sydney during tho vacancy of tho Seo, do hereby Induct theo, Frederic Harker, Doctor In Divinity, into tho occu- pation of tho said Seo or Dlocoso of Sydney, and do Instill theo in corporal, lawful, and canonical possession ofilia samo by tho stylo and title of "Tho Lord Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan Bishop of Australia," This thirty-first day of May, In tho year of our Lord ono thousand eight hundred and fifty-five. Tho Communion Service was afterwards rend to tho close ot tho tviceno Creed by the Bishop, assisted by the Rev. Mr. King. Tho right rev. Frelato then proceeded to tho pulpit for tho purpose of addressing tho congre- gation. Ho chose for his text the 11th and 12th verses of the 4th chapter of tho Epistle of Paul to tho Ephesians-"And he gave some, apostles ; and some, prophots ; and some, evangelista ; and some, pastors and teachers ¡ for. tho perfecting of tho saints, for tho work of tho ministry, for tho edify- ing of the body of Christ." Tho invisible things ol' God, ho said, are of infinitely greater moment than the things which appear. The persons and aircumstancos around us which very olteti seem to us of such surpassing importance as to become the chief end of our being, aro but links in the great chain of Providence which, extending from the beginning to tho end of timo, is tho work and care of Itiin of whom tho apostle says " Ho upholdeth nil things by the word of His power/' It is always profitable fur tho Christian to lift up his oyoubovo tho present world to the seat of glory and domi- nion «hero his Lord and Muster is enthroned, and to dwell on tho love which tho risen mid ascended Saviour exercises in behalf of his Church. Such, my brethren jg tho dirootion which, under tho Divino influence of tho Holy Spirit of God, I would thus desiro to give to our thoughts that wo may be raised above the circumstances in which we uro placed, and properly rcgnrd Him who, being exulted to tho lii¡;he>t heavens, is not un- mindful of those whom lie hath left wurring with ono another on earth-that is using His ollico of mediator in heaven ; and using tho ministerial ollico on earth for tho promotion of His own glory and tho salvations of tho sons of mon. Our Lord, when ho ascended to tho highest heavens accord- ing to tho Scriptures, in his ascension lcd cap- tivity captive ¡ and in his ascension lo tho rij;lit hand of God ho received tho promised gifts of tho Father. Ho received gifts for tho rebellious also, that tho Lord God might dwell nmongst men. Hu had promised, ns wo hoard In tho gospel of to-duy, ho had promised to his disciples, sorrowing in tho prospect ol'his departure, thut ho would not luavo them comfortless. Ho would como anil dwell amongst them-that is that ono' equal with himself und with tho Father, proceeding from tho Futlior and from tho Son, should bo with thoin for ever and ever, should bo their Comfortcs whoso presenco could not bo limited by tinto or spuco, who hoing tho Divino Presence would recall till things willoh Christ hud spoken to his disciples >, should guido them into all truth, should so magnify tho ollico of tho Son, und work lu t' o hoirts of sinners, as to bring them to tho knowledge and obedience of Him who died for them. Those promises ho did in duo timo fulfil ¡ and us tho apostle Poler taught tho Jews on thc day of Pentecost-" according lo tho promise uro thud forth tho gifts, whoso effects they both saw mid hoard." Then it wns Hitit tho Lord God did iii truth dwell umongst mun j mid thus tho question of Solomon was nnswered in a higher tonio than «?lien tim templo WHS filled with tho glory of God ¡ fui thou thu Church of Christ became tho habitation of God through tho Spirit. Let us consider those «ifts ot which tho npoatlo speaks, und also tho purposes for which they wero bestowed. Tho gifts were diverso ollice's und, ministries, olllcos appointed by Christ. Individuals were appointed to fill them, qualified by tho Holy Ghost. Ha gave somo npostfes, und sumo prophets. All uro not apostles! all are nob prophets. Ho assigned to some ono ollico, mid to others another, as thu Holy Ghost ministered to those men according to his »ill. Tho apostles hud been chosen ly Christ himself, mid were to bc witnesses ol' his resurrection. Their ollicos wore peculiar,' mid could nut, strictly speaking-, bu cum tinned. In respect to curtiiin quulilleutiojis mid iiowers whiuh tho apostles possessed they could lutvu nu successors. Tho prophet wus un Inspired teacher. Ile might bo itt tho Now Tesl allient what ho hud been in tho Old Testiituctif. Ho might foretell fntiiio ovoids, or instruct tho peoplu fu tho duties which belonged to tho present time. So, lu tho New Testament he might bo liku Acabits or tho ' ilniiy,hters of Phillp ¡ or in tho ordinary nssomblius of Christians ho might prophesy-that IM, tench or instruct them lu tho ivurtl ol' God. Tho evangelist wits « iireuclicr of glad tidings In divers placo*. I lu was uno whoso feet wero beautiful on tho mountains as hu held forth thu word of light mid love, before whiuh tho darkness, mid misery, mid sin fled uway. Philip wits mi evangelist, mid In this diameter ho preached Christ in" tho'city ol' Cannula ¡ nutt because of tho glad tidings this evangelist taught, lhere wus grout Joy lu thu city. Ito «us un evangelist ns ho preached thu gospel In tho desert to a singlo individual j us ho taught tho treasurer ol Queen Cuudaco that tho prophecy of Isaiah WM fulfilled in Cbriit. il« 1«^ Christ .nd Him crucified to the^m&ÂÎ him on Mi way rejoicing. The p^K name denotes, is a shepherd of some of Chri J sheen. Ho is one whoso authority ls confined.?. single «wk-wboje work is limited to ft Such were the elders to whom at ÈphesL ill' apostle appeals in tho 20th chapter 0? «T 1 and 20th verse,-« Take hew therefore yourselves and te all tho fleck, Z * which the Holy Ghost hath rnX * overseers, to feed the Church of God-wíu ho both purchased with his own Hood» -rfz were elders-pastors who fod tho Church Tr God, which Christ the Chief Shepherd lad J chased with his own blood. Buch, also, Welt elders whom the apostle Peter addresse, in kl first verso of tho fifth chapter of his first croatls!! «file elders which aro among yon I exhort, *ïï am also an older, and a witness of the autoing Christ, and also a partaker of tho glory that iî.i he revealed! feed tho flock of God »hick h Í¡S yon, taking the oversight thereof, not by «,« strnint, but willingly ¡not for filthy lucre, int rf. ready mind.» Tho difference between the teacW and the pastor it is not diflicult to perceive - Z will observe tho pastor and teacher in tl» npostle's ennmoration;of tho offices is one. He ears somo separately, apostles; some, prophets¡ líw evangelists ¡ and somo pastors and teachers Ta the pastor then belongs the oversight 0f tl« flock. He has a church to feed-that is to ri tho flock of God and feed it with food convenient The teacher is a catechist, ono who instructs onlr without having authority to rule committed fa him; mid is commonly united with the pastor in Mi work.. The pastor might bo a presbyter, one whoo Paul, in his Epistlo to Timothy, describes as ona maintaining a spiritual oflice, wh>, if hemes th office woll, will purchase for himself n good décrit, of favour and much fulness in Christ. Thnstlm my brethren, oro tho giftB hestowed hy Christ and ho gave them hecnuso they wero essential ti tl» well-being of tho Church, yen, oven to Us verr existence ; for if tho physical sufferings and social relations of mankind demand such attention u cnn only he given by men who make the snhlect the special Btudy of their lives, tho soul-the immortal soul-has surely a stronger claim to U ministered to hy nn order, or orders of men, set apart for this peculiar purpose If Christ, then, find not promised these gifts, necessity itself would har» demanded that they should bo bestowed. But itrasv be asked where aro those oflices now? Are those gifts perpetuated in the Church of Christi And it may be answered, if you takeaway whatever is jieculiar to the npostolio aje you will find the re- maining oflices in oxistence still. There aro no apostles who have seen Christ. There nio no apostles who havo tho snmo kind of power which was given to tho eleven, mid subsequently to th twelve when tho number was completed. There are no apostles who work mirncles-who discern spirits; but there aro ruling olders.- There aron» prophets who foretell futuro events. The prophet, stripped of this miraculous gift, merges ia the evangelist, the pastor, or the tenchor. The pastor and tho teacher remain. Tho evangelist Is easily recognised ns a man who is sent to carry the elia tidings of tho Gospel to tho uttermost parts ot tte earth. The ruling elder, then, is thus the over- seer, Kplscopus, tho Bishop, who exercise» such functions ss an apostle deprived of hil miraculous gifts would havo exercised. He is ou such ns Timothy in the Church of Ephesus. Ile is ono such ns tho Angel of the Church of lipheiai. Ho ordains other elders. Ho takes the oversight of all presbyters, lt is entrusted to him to mir, reprove, robuke, exhort with long Buffering »nd gentleness. Tho presbyter, or, ns he is termed bj us, the priest, may be either evangelist or pastor. The deacon is not a dispenser of alms, hut is 1 spiritual function, ono whose oflice it is to tench hi tua Church of Christ. Tho Church of England, therefore, in her preface to tho ordinary servite, affirms that it is evident to those who read the Scriptures and the ancient authors nnd fathers, that in the Church of Christ thero ure three orders of oflices in tho ministry, and that this form of government should be regarded as the very perfec- tion of government, though with a modération which deserves to bo emulated by her sons. Tho Church neither affirms this on tho sole authority of the Word of God, nor does sim affirm it as an article of faith necessary to ho believed hy all men unto salvation. Neither docs she pass sentence of condemnation upon thoso Churcues which do not possess tho privilege which she enjoys. Lot iis consider, in the second pince, th» purpose» for which theso gifts «ero bcslotred. They were given for tho perfecting of the saints ; for 'the work of tho ministry ; for tho edification of tho body of Christ. They «ero given for tho perfecting of those in tho ministry who, separated from nn evil world, and sanctified hy the spirit of God, lind acquired tho right and title of Baints. There aro those who call themselves saints and aro not, ns all who formerly called themselves children of Israel wer« not tho Israel ol' God. The* are, os it is expressed in our own Church,Jolts visible Church, ovil things ever mingled with tb good. They only, then, nre saints, in the highest senso of the worri, who aro born not of water, tnt of water and of tho spirit ; who aro quickened from death and sin into a life of righteousness 1; tho renewing of tho Holy Ghost. From thu it may ho inferred, that tho knowledge of «onie s imperfect, and their sanctification, willoh is pro- gressive, is necessarily imperfect ; they iee in » glass darkly, and their knowledge is in part enif, nut tho exhortation is tobo addressed to fal to go on to perfection ; to love tho first princi- ples-the elements of tho doctrino of Christ, and what that perfection is, tho subsequent part cf tie epistlos in whichello expression occurs will lott» us. Tho npostlo there exhibits .to the liebre» Christians, Jesus Christ tho Mediator, Christ Gal and man, superior to tho angels, superior to ABM typified by Melchizeilech in his priestly off:», 'i'ho perfection of our knowledge is to know Jesu Christ. To know him, that is tho way, tho troll, and tho lifo. To know him is already lifo denial. This is life eternal, to know tho only (ruo God, and Josus Christ whom he halli sent. Thurlow, is tho ono prent end of tho ministry ; this " [{. ono principal purpose for which tho gifts of tte Holy Ghost were sent down from God. The work o tho Spirit was to let man into tho knowledge 0 Christ-to convinco him of sin, righteousness, ind judgment. Tho work of tho ministers towards t e Saints in order that their perfection and «rn might bo similar with that which Christ nsslgneti as tho work of tho Holy Ghost. Again, the mri of tho ministry was tho second purpose for «OKS tho gifts woru'bestowed-tho ministry or serti» of God and tho scrvlco of man for God's sake li» work which hath for its object tho salvation of every soul, tho happiness of every ndividiwl. JJ» sinner cannot at once becoino a saint, lie in««» shown his guilt, so that being convinced ol m errors ho may bo converted. Tho gp'9?".",! a labour of lovo. Noone is fit for that hi|ihlie»«n'{ calling who docs not givo hmisrlf op wholly-to theso things, mid Jive in them, m shepherd, tho fisherman, tho htisbnndciion,, li» builder live in und- for their separate occupations. Tho work and occupation ott» pastor is to feed lils flock Uko the 'Wff'S ¿«st in his «et ; to have long patience, ami to «JJ till tho seed which ho sowed «Ith «" *P5 spring up, and thus wisely build np tho Chure» °> ÙmC 'Als is tho toil, this tho great wo k o ll ministry-. Tho pastor is shepherd, WP* and builder, ho is all theso and more tn» «TO Inasmuch ns tho soul, which is tho ol.Jc o' W care, Is of Infinitely greater impertanwjt<>*"J croi.tt.ro- thnn tho''budy. A wrestler I . t»g in tho race, so strives, so runs that ho ma) «'" ' prize, or obtain tho mastery. He r'n'»lS !,s who lins tho goal before him, «ho ha 1 » ct J » view. Tho iiiiiiîster is these mid mure Ifont»e Inasmuch as tho crown fer willoh ho cocm» not nu enrlhlyono hut Is a, heavenly «ne. ¿ beloved brethren In tho ministry, let m»*¿ think of our mission otherwise thuin our^ Saviour thought of lt «ho, in tho first «w words Ho gavo titteriinco te, «F1 ,l9 sentiments which were henceteilt lt key note of His life. « Wist yo not tin t J ho about my Father's .ushiess. - ^ wearied nt tho well, snid 0.11« foi would fain have induced lilli, f, *^ ! ' ,0e,t which they had provided, «1 1,ft*alluTe " ||of that yo know not ol my mea s tlo tl» » 4 Him who sent mo nn.l to tlnls "i9l^ü'K0l( Ile « ho ceased not from that work till ou tho eros» .odd êtclftini, " Ii ii finished," Let ni, therefore, following tit« bleated example of Christ, not expect to COMO from the work of faith, the labour of low, till Jabour gives placo to reit. Lastly, the nurpose fur which those gifts were bestowed was, that tho body of Christ might bo edified. Tho body of Christ is His church, of tho members of , -"hidh He is tho head. Tho apostle, by the use of the word edification, likens it to a building, as the church is to be built up in its most holy faith, every stone must be prepared for its place, every stone must bo fitted into that place in the building which it was destined to occupy. Tho minister, then, must bo a wise builder ; he should not reject any stone ; ho should find for each a suitable position in tho Church of Christ. His great object should be to raiso up tho Church of Christ-ho should, therefore, lay tho foundation deep nod firm. Other foundation,can no man lay than that which tho wiso master builder in his timo luid_Jesus Christ. Every stone should be raised into Christ, for He is the head stone, ns He is the foundation of tho great building. The Church, therefore, is edified by Christ, for His glorification in tho ministry ¡ and every member so brought to Him, and being in Him-not by dead but living faith, grows up to Christ in nil things. Ho is taught to look to Christ not only as tho hopo of eternal life, not only as the rock on which he must rest and trust for salvation, but he is likewise taught to look to Him . for daily guidance, for hourly strength to lem on Him, and to learn from His blessed example how best to serve and act in his vocation in the ministry. The onion which thus subsists in the church is a godly union-n union with Christ, and is sanctified t>y Him ¡ it is a, union against which no power can prevail. Tho visible church may be shaken, tho visible may be removed as were the seven churches of Asia Minor ; but that mystical body, which is rooted and grounded in Christ can not bo removed, mid the gates of hell will not prevail against it, or against tho woakost member of the body, because every member of thnt body is assured of Divine lifo by Christ himself. That eternal lifo which was purchased by tho lore of God, purchased by the word of Jesus Christ, applied by the power of tho Holy Ghost, and directed by faith, which is itself tho work of the Spirit of God ; such are tho purposes for which the guts of tho ministry were bestowed. It might perhaps be expected that I would take this oppor- tunity of dwelling on tho relation existing between tho bishop and ino church over which God in His providence plnced me, I shall, however, content myself with this singlo application of my subject, drawing from the verso whioh follows my text : " Till we nil come in the unity of tho faith, and of tho knowledge of tho Son of God, unto a perfect man, unto tho measure of the stature of tho fulness of Christ." I will content myself with this brief application of tho subject, when I say that my brethren of the clergy and laity will best dischargo whatever duty they owo to their bishop, ns tlioy do most earnestly and faithfully Btrive with mo in my endeavours to'build up tho Church of Christ. The faithful pastor can have no greater joy than to seo the wandering sheep brought home into tho fold, feeding in the pastures of scriptural truth-to which it should bo his early endeavour and earnest desire to lend them. Your joy, my brethren, is my joy. To uphold tho sacredness ol' your order should be your happiness, and your delight to behold tho blessing of God resting on your labours. It shall bo my joy to share in your trials, my happiness and privilege to pnrtako of your happiness. To ussist me in every endeavour to carry on the work of God is your task ¡ no less yours than mino. Suffer then, in conclusion, this single word of exhortation : our strength is in our uoion. Thero cnn bo no union wlioro each is'not prepared to live in Godly forbearing lovo, and in tho exerciso of patience and long Bullering with his brethren. There can bo no union, oxcept there is a desire, a willingness to giro up our own purposes and wishes for tho sake of unity of action mid the general good. This ÍB commonly our greatost dillioulty. lt is a difficulty which is not peculiar to any particular place. It may exist in every community wlioro independence'of judg- ment is allowed and exercised. Let not, however, my brotliron, that which is our privilege become our weakness through its mis-use. Let us en- deavour after that which is posai bio by tho consent of all, rather than after that which nppears to be best to each. O may God givo us alt more love to His blessed Son, mid to ono nnother in Him I Moy our anxious desire for tho salvation of those souls committed to our care, my brethren of tho clergy, bo increased J May our anxiety for tho souls of those sheep scattered abroad in this ovil world, who eannot bo gathered in but by tho help of you, my brotliron of tho laity increaso. May God givo us moro of tho spirit which is love, long suffer- ing, gentleness, meekness, and patience, may Ho vouchsafe to us more abundant ovulcnce that ile is with us, and that Ho enables us to live in love amongst one anothor, and in fervent charity towards all men I On tho conclusion of tho abovo sermon, a largo number of tho congregation remained within the church, to whom bis Lordship, assisted by the Reverend Canons Allwood and Walsh, administered tho holy sacrament. 