NOW MR, SURVEYOR! ONE of the most remarkable portions of the report of the Gold Commission is that which refers to the grievance arising from the want of land. And, all- important as full and adequate representation to the miners may be, we feel a perfect certainty that much of the present restlessness and dissatisfaction amongst them would have been avoided, if plenty of land had long since been thrown into the marketing it should have been. People differ widely in their conceptions of the excitability or peaceable ness of the mining population ; but had those who sought- our gold-fields been converted into a vast assemblage of land-owners, we should have witnessed a blending of the most energetic assertion of popular rights, with a sound conservatism which would have prevented much of the evil that has occurred, and, in all human probability, averted the stain of blood from our soil. Nothing so tends to form the good citizen as a comfortable home to watch over and to protect; and a stout British yeomanry, settled upon land of their own, would be as little likely as any community on earth, on the one side, to submit to tyranny or injustice, or on the other, to rush into unnecessary and unlawful outbreak. Of the utter inadequacy of the supply of land the commissioners speak in the strongest terms. They say The Commission make a statement that some almost incredible, to the effect, namely, that up to the end of 1851, after more than three years of gold dipping, only 80.050 acres of land in the viol, noticed the gold fields had been brought forward for sale, and that, of this quantity, the land being in some places very poor, there had been actually gold but 44,000 acres, more population that during all that time may have averaged about as many individuals. This is bad enough ; although, as we believe that the average of the population at the gold-fields for the three years has been higher than that quoted, the case is in reality much stronger than as slate J. However, we have the fact before us that only one acre per head has been sold, and this is quite sufficiently damnatory as to the spirit that has prevailed. The proper policy to have been pursued is so obvious, and has been so incessantly urged upon the attention of the public and the Government, that it would be waste of time to enlarge upon there. Instead of selling enormous blocks of land at Mount Shadwell, and the Werribee, and beyond Colac, almost all of which has fallen into the hands of large capitalists, the policy of the Government should have been to have considered every productive gold-field as a new centre of population, like one of our principal towns; from this the lands should have been disposed of, in gradually receding and extend- ing circles, till one such circle touched another, and the whole country became settled. But, in addition to the localities in which, land has been sold having been injudiciously selected, the whole quantity alton ated has been utterly insufficient. We showed, in a recent article on the Census, that the proportion of land disposed of had actually diminished between the Census of 1851 and that of 1854, the quantity having been five acres and seven-tenths per head in the one case, and having dwindled to five acres in the other. Now, on the part of Mr. Surveyor-General Clarke, this is scarcely acting up to the lavish promises which he made to the miners at Bendigo, at a certain entertainment given to him a good while ago. The amount of land offered in the neighborhood of the various gold-fields would scarcely bear out the reputation for activity and zeal which this officer has earned. Forty-four thousand acres actually soil is a most miserable result, compared with the great facilities for sale which have been afforded to him and we look through the report, and the evidence of Mr. Clarke himself, in vain, for any satisfactory solu- tion of a seeming negligence of a, very grave character. For nearly three years after, the discovery of gold in this colony, the supply of land to the miners was arrested by the trucking of Mr. La Trobe to the selfish- ness of the squatters. Difficulties were raised at every hand and if no real difficulty could be found, one was created for the occasion. Mr. La Trobe wanted the support of the monopolists to bolster up his antiquated system of Government, and the entire possession of the land was the price he was satisfied to pay for their allegiance. It was useless to urge in those days, the enforcement of the 9th section of the Order in Council. It was useless to point to the masses of fresh immigrants who were pouring into the country, and to ask, if the land were kept from them, where they possibly could go, or what they possibly could do. The insidious whisper of the squatter drowned all such demands as. these ; the ninth section was ignored, and the land was kept bound under a rigid monopoly. This preposterous and most wicked policy broke down, of course, at last, "Reserves" from runs hold under lease were proclaimed, which might have been proclaimed five years before and the surveyor's chain began to drag languidly over the sacred territory of Mr. Mutton at. But still no sufficient supply of land for the people The next cry was that of a deficiency of surveyors. The squatting difficulty, indeed, which had been an insuperable barrier to the sale of land for nearly three long years after the gold discovery, melted into thin air, and was found to be a nonentity ; but, when the land became accessible, the quantity was still limited in the extreme, because the sud dennessFfcf the demand had exhausted the market of those only who could mark it out for sale! In sober truth, we always did fasted this cry. According to our experience gentlemen competent to survey land are about as numerous as those of almost any other class of educated men amongst us We have not seen standing such advertisements, or such offers of increased salaries, a would bring forward any gentlemen jus) hovering on the confines of other employ months., or tempt them from adjacent colonies ! And surely, limited as the number of surveyors may have been, they might have marked out and got ready for sale rather more than the " 80,000 acre of land in the vicinities of the gold-fields ' alluded to by the Commission ! One more excuse was urged. Surveyor began to thicken on the ground; but, alas the supply of instruments was deficient The people, at all events, were not to have the land! And the squatter difficulty, am the surveyor difficulty, having been got rid of the Government fell back upon a clearer or theodolite, spirit level, quadrant and dumpy leveller ! Even this want was urged time enough as to have been removed long ere this; and yet still the miners of Victoria are limited to less than their acre per man, and the continue dissatisfied Wanderers over the lands they ought to own ! And with what a result has this detestable policy been attended Thousands of the stoutest and most . enterprising of England's som plunged into sudden wealth, for "while they had no legitimate outlet, have sun into habits of dissipation, and perished from the face of the earth. The public house, the sly grog-shop, and the bro the have absorbed hundreds of thousands of pounds, the product of the energetic scare after gold and men who might have be come our best and sturdiest colonists have perished miserably, whole regiment at a time in delirium tremens, and other forms of frightful disease. In other respects this delay has been most fatal. 'The favorable opportunity (says the report of the Commission) afforded for the extensive set element of this noble country, by the general land buying spirit of the last three years, Ossa. stored by the stimulus of the gold discoveries, has been suffered to pass entirely away. This wants, to use a common expression, the natural and pro. miFing result of wealth and prosperity flowing over the colony, Instead of being rendered, as it might have been, the source both of immense public revenues and ot on extensive settlement of colonial population, has been allowed to expend itself in a worse than useless competition for the limited quantity of lands already in the hands of the colonists. For brief and illusory periods, therefore, these lands acquired almost fabulous prices. Becoming thus the objects of incessant tri illo.they have placed the fortunes of many up in a temporary and fictitious basis, and the colony, in the reaction that has inevitably followed, has been plunged into an embarrassing crisis, distressing for the time to various classes of colonists?, and possibly proving highly prejudicial at home to the reputation of Victoria as a suitable field for (migration. Amongst other effects of this scandalous and fatal neglect, we may mention its tendency to drive men to seek a remedy in wild and unconsidered change, without pausing to reflect that the evils necessarily deplored, may have arisen from gross negligence in carrying out the law as it exists, not from any overpowering defect in the law itself. We have often urged this, and the Commission confirms the view which we have so frequently expressed. The Commission. Will at once agree that it too'' is more consequence to promote this settlement at the outset, for the increase of population and I reduction of wealth, than to make land regulations calculated merely to raise a revenue. From the foregoing remarks, however, it may be seen that the chief fault has not lain with either the present system or the present pi lee, but in the ri- he acted operations of the Government, under which no system whatever could have been found feather. And a little lower down they refer-as WE have often referred to the experience of South Australia, as showing that the prompt and effectual settlement of the country was quite compatible with the Land Sales Act, if only it had been honestly and intelligently administered. The facilities of settlement experienced in South Australia, and so often dwelt upon by complainants in this colony, did not arise from any different land regulations. In that colony, Indeed, it is important to state, that the orders of 1817 regarding the squatting question were not made applicable'; in other respects the., regula. Hone are similar in both colonies. The remarkable benefits to South Australia arose simply from the circumstance of the market being kept fully supplied with lands available for cultivation, which were either bought on reasonable terms directly by the agriculturalist, or, if his means n ei c inadequate, were leased from the South Aus. trail an Company and other capitalists, on terms alike advantageous to both parties and to the Country at large. The ghost of the squatting difficulty here again gives a feeble squeak, although it had already been exercised by the distinct assurance of the Surveyor General, that he had found no practical difficulty in his way in this quarter. Had the extent of the past land. selling operations been otherwise than of this very insufficient character, the Commission might have alluded with pleasure, on so gloomy a subject, to the statement made by the Surveyor General, that, in surveying and bringing forward for Bale the colonial Jane's, he had not found any practical iijflatltici arising out of the squatting question. As illustrative of the wanton extravagance resulting from the absurd system, by which we have been mismanaged, we may quote a conversation which we lately had with an intelligent gentleman, who does us the favor of presiding over the destinies of the Argus at Beechworth. We were asking whether much land had been sold in that neighborhood-two hun- dred miles from Melbourne, beat remain behind. The reply was, " Some town allotments and suburban land ; but our first sale of country lands comes off this month!" "Is there good land in the neighbourhood?" "Plenty." "If there is no farming around you, where do you get your hay and other horse-food ?" " Oh ! principally from Melbourne!" Oh! Mr. Surveyor General Clarke t Mr. Surveyor-General Clarke 2 What a mountain of responsibility rests at your door here ! How immeasurably grateful ought you to be when we return to your assistance shortly, and aid you to remove it ! 