r(;7 CENTRAL AMERICA. Xate advices from Central America state' that "the authorities of Nicaragua liavo ordered that Colonel- Kinney and Mr. ' Fabens should be put .to deatlil ;by - any : civil or "niilitnry officer or . officers, if they are found; within tiio territory of-tlie Republic. . M110I1 alarm -prevailed. ' ItBcnuiTixo ifr.TiiE OxiTED States. — In New, York, Philadelphia, Bnstom iHs all tlio same. "Tlio ' recraitiiiR sergeant no sooner shows his head and' ''rattles his bounty money tlmn a sqund of police is' ' upon hiiii, nhd lio stands committed. In .theso days of dcrcHetinn fi'nin duty, it is sti- king and refreshing to note tlieso evidences of. vigilance. Wo livo : among slinni reforms ; there arc sham sliuttings-up 1 . and-pnttings-do.wn of grogshops ; tliero nre elinni attacks upon ' gamblers j slinm onslaughts ! ttpoii strolling courtesnus ; sham suppressions of lottery policy offices : but in this noxious, incossniit pursuit of tho " allied " recraiting officers there is.110 sham whatover. There is a zest and ail animus about it That bespeak a nrolmnder interest among tlio pur suers 'than is.ustinlly found, tn proceed from nn un adulterated regard for public good. You ttiny people the Everglades with Filibusters ; you tuny enliven 'tlie. banks of'ftio Bmvo with pugnacious adherents of Camvajnl ; Missouri ins, armed tn the teeth with knives, and to tho throat with whisky, inay after a \- month's notice, im-nde Kansas, nnd not a detcolivo or preventive police show itself. Its eyes nnd its energies are all spent in the service of Itnssin. There is hardly a ghost of a elinucc discovered of getting .oil' a full company to aid in the conquest of Sebastopol before the authorities nro 011 tlie alert, gnd the enterprising Sergeants Kite laid by the liccls. You piay do anything in a kuainess way easier than . swoll tlio ranks of the allies upon contract. While there will be general satisfaction at the prompt action taken in these cases, it is for the curious render to .satisfy himself how it may bo explained. With all tlie pretended tendency of American sentiment to tlie Russian Bide of tlie question, there is certainly " too little fervnur in it to account forthis laborious . . vigilnnco in its interests; and, somehow or other," there is a general feeling of satisfaction whenever file allies gain ground in tho tight, A long purse at 8t, Petersburg aud a shrewd agency hero will natu rally occur to many as att'ordiug a solution; and, though wo nro by no menus prono to accept this easy ' method of accounting for suqli proceedings, it will undoubtedly be widely received as satisfactory. It may bo that this extraordinary vigilance ou the part of the government agents is part of their recout system of preserving the perfect neutrality of this poqntry and enforcing tlie laws for its observance. We. shall be glad to belioYo that litis is tka true ex planation, ami hope the police thin adopted may be impartially carried out. - New York Times. 