A LIBERTINE AT HIS OWN FUNERAL. There is a capital ghosfc-story iu Washing ton Irving's new book, just out, entitled, 'The Chronicles of Wolfert's Roost.' It lias a fine meaning at the heart of it ; and, as the story is but short, so we give it entire : — There was once in Seville (says he,) a young gay fellow, Don Manuel de Manara by name, who. hn.vinrr r-omn fr- n. orrpn t-. p.sf,n,t.fi bv tllfi death of his father, gave the reins to his passions, and plunged into all kinds of dissi pation. Like Don Juan, whom he seemed to have taken for a model, he became famous for his enterprises among the fair sex, and was the cause of doors being barred and windows . grated with more than usual strictness. All in vain. No balcony was too high for him to scale ; no bolt nor bar was proof agaiust his efforts ; and his very name was a word of terror to all the jealous husbands and cautious fnflio^o rvp fir-triHn TX:„ iwvuwio vi KJUVillO. J-Lia C'VJJlUlbS UAtCUUUU UU country as well as city ; and in the village dependent ou his castle, scarce a rural beauty was safe from his arts and enterprises. As he was one day ranging the streets of Seville, 'with several of his dissolute companions, he beheld a procession about to enter the gate of a convent. In the centre was a young female, arrayed in the dress of a bride ; it was a novice, who, having accomplished her year of probation, was about to* take the black veil, and consecrate herself to heaven. The companions of Don Manuel drew back, out of respect to the- sacred pageant ; but he pressed forward, with his usual impetuosity, to gain a near view of the novice. He almost jostled her, in passing through the portal of the church, when, on her turning round, he beheld the countenance of a beautiful village girl, who had been the object of his ardent pursuit, but who had beeu spirited secretly . out of his reach, by her relatives. She recognised him at the same moment, and fainted ; but was borne within tho grate of the chapel. ? It was supposed the agitation of the ceremony aud the heat of the throng had overcome her. After some time, the curtain which hung within the grate was drawn up ; there- stood the novice, pale and trembling, surrounded by the abbess and the nuns. The ceremony proceeded ; the crown of flowers was taken from her head ; she was shorn of her silken tresses, received the black veil, and went passively through the remainder of the ceremony. Don Manuel de Manara, on the contrary, was roused to fury at the Bight of this sacrifice. His passion, whicli had almost faded away in the absence of the object, now glowed with tenfold ardor, being inflamed by the difficulties placed in his way, and piqued by the measures which had been taken to defeat him. Never had the object of his pursuit appeared so lovely and desirable as when within tho grate of the convent ; aud he swore to have her, in defiance of heaven and earth. By dint of bribing a female ser vant of the convent, he contrived to convey letters to her, pleading his passion in the most eloquent and seductive terms. How success ful they were is only matter o? conjecture ; certain it is, he undertook one night to scale the garden wall of the convent, either to carry off tlie nun, or gain admission to her cell. Just as he was mounting the wall he was suddenly plucked backhand a stranger, muffled in a cloak, stood before him. ' Rash man, forbear I ' cried he ; is it not enough to have violated all human ties? Wouldst thon steal a bride from him ? ' The sword of Don Manuel had been drawn on the instant, and furious at this interruption, he passed it through the body of the stranger, who fell dead at his feet. Hearing approach- 1 ing footsteps, he fled the fatal spot, and mount ing his horse, which was at hand, retreated to his estate in tho country, at no great distance from Seville. Here he remained throughout the next day, full of , horror and remorse ; dreading lest he should be kuown as the mur derer of tho deceased, and fearing each mo _ menu tne arrival oi me oincers oi justice, xue ] day passed, however, without molestation ; , and, as the evening advanced, unable any longer to endure this state of uncertainty and apprehension, he ventured back to Seville. Irresistibly his footsteps took the' direction of the convent ; but he paused and hovered at a distance from the scene of blood. Several persons were gathered round the place, one of whom was busy nailing something against the convent wall. After a while they dis persed, and one of them passed near to Don Manuel. The latter addressed him with hesitating- voice — ''Senor,' said he, ' may I ask tho reason of yonder throng ?' 'A cava lier,' replied the other, ' has been murdered.' — ' Murdered 1' echoed Don Manuel ; 'and can you tell me his name 7' — ?' Don Manuel de Manara,' replied the stranger, and passed on.— Don Manuel was startled at this men tion of his own name ; especially when ap plied to the murdered man. He ventured, when it was entirely deserted, to approach the fatal spot. A small cross had been nailed against the wall, as is customary in Spain, to mark tho place where a murder has been com mitted ; and just below it he read by the twinkling light of a lamp, ' Here was mur dered Don Manuel do Manara. Pray to God for his soul !' Still more confounded and perplexed by this inscription, he wandered about the streets till the night was far ad vanced, and all was still and -lonely. As i__ ? i ? ? 4.i*~ lib euujiew. mv pnuuipin at^uuic, tut; iiguu ui torches IKldenly broke on him, ho beheld a grand fuueral procession moving across it. There was a great train of priests, and many personB of dignified appearance, in ancient Spanish dresses, attending as mourners, none, of whonThe knew. Accosting a servant who followed in the train, he demanded the name of the defunct. ' Don Manuel de Manara,' was tho reply ; and it went cold to his heart. He looked, aud indeed beheld the armorial bearings ot' his~ fcnily emblazoned on the funeral escutcheons. Yet not one of his family was to be seen among the mourners. The mystery was more and more incompre hensible. He followed the precession as it moved on to the cathedral. The bier was deposited before the : high altar ; and funeral service was commenced, and the grand organ began to peal through tho vaulted aisles. Again the youth ventured to question this awful pageant. 'Father,' said he, with tremming voice, io one oi tne priests, wi'.o is it you are about to inter ?' 'Don Manuel de Manara,' replied the priest. ' Father,' cried Don Manuel impatiently, 'you are de ceived. This is some imposition. . Know that Don Manuel de Manara is alive and well, and now stands before you. I am Don Manuel de Manara I' ' Avaunt, rash youth 1' cried tho priest ; ' know that Don Manuel de Manara is dead 1 is dead 1 is dea-^ 1 is dead I — and we are all souls from purgatory, his de ceased-relatives and ancestors, and 'others that have been aided by masses from his family, who ara permitted to come here and pray for the repose of his soul 1' Don Manuel cast round a fearful glance upon the assemblage, in anti quated Spanish Garb, and recognised in their pale and ghastly countenances the portraits of many an ancestor that hung in the family picture gal tery. He now lost all self-coin mand, rushed up to the bier, and beheld the couuterpart of himself, but in the fixed and livid lineaments of death. Just at that mo ment the whole choir burst forth with a ' Re quitscat in pace, that shook the vaults of the cathedral. Don Manuel sank senseless on the pavement. He was found there early the next morning by the sacristan, and conveyed to his home. Wheii sufficiently recovered he sent for a friar, and mado a full coufession of all that had happened. ' My son,' said the friar, ' all that is a miracle and a mystery intended for thy conversion and salvation. Tho corpse thou hast seen was a token that thou hast died to sin and the world ; take warning by it, and henceforth live to righteous ness and heaven !' Don Manuel did take coun sel by it. Guided by the counsels of the worthy friar, he disposed of all his temporal affairs ; dedicated the greater part of his wealth to pious uses, especially for the performance of masses for souls in purgatory ; and finally, entering a convent, became one of the most zealous and exemplary monks in Seville. 