PORT PHILLIP FARMER'S SOCIETY -. the second day of the annual Exhibition of this society, or rather the day of the Exhibi- tion, went off with an eclat that the support- ors of the society could scarcely have antici- pated and it is gratifying to be enabled to add that the show of stock - taking into con- sideration that the society is a very young one, in a young colony - was highly cre- ditable. His Excellency Sir C. Hotham and Lady Hotham honored the society by then presence. They were well received by the public, and shown over the stock and imple- ment yards, - a proceeding which occupied some time. Sir Charles minutely examined the diffcient varieties of stock and appeared much interested in all that he saw. In a colony like this, where cattle cannot have the same caieful attention paid to Hiern that is paid by the stock breeders in the mother country it would be unreasonable to expect the faultless nppcaianco which occasionally characterises the animals exhibited at horn" but, viewed in a utilitarian light, thore was no leasoii whj the farmers ot the colony hbould not be proud of the handsome and stiong ammnls which jestcrdaj saw collected in tho show vai d of tho Farmerb Society, rJhc show of horses wah pinticularly good and seemed in a great measure lo monopolisa the attention ot tho connoisseurs on the ground 1 ho prize list subioined to this re poit will speak for ltbclf as to details 1 he show of hackneys was not veiy numiloup, but may bo considered as first rate, nnd although sonic of the animals were of a heavy build, they weio not on that account the less Milted lo colonial loads on too immy of which shength moi o than spued is lcquisite BLOOD MARES - The collection was not perhaps, as favorable as might have been anticipated. Mr. Clutterbuck's mare, which gained the second prize, although not in very high condition, was much admired. Btoon ENTIIU Housis- Iho show was small, but good DBAIIQIH Honsrs-Tho show of entno diiiught and caithorscs wasvciygood indeed '»onie of thom were íatlici too fat to be in thoioiigh woiking condition, but on the whole, the exhibition may bo consideiod hut nile Many of the animals wuc muai kable foi then bjnnnetiy nnd shength DRAVOIU Mvn_s-_ho exhibition of this class of animals was veij ci editable but some of tho animals, as in the last case w oio too high In condition y F AM wo OAU'J Iloitsrs- 'Iho show in this tlai-s was good, but docb not cull for any special notico A Shetland pony and foal wcio very good and attracted much attention, the little animals bomg most beautifully pio poi honed DAIHT lifcimns-Hie show in thib olasi was von good, although ltifeiioi in dcgiou to the exhibition ol othti mid mindai cattle DAIRY Cows.-This class was well repre- sented, and some of the animals wore of high order as regarded symmetry and con- dition. No. 7 particularly attracted atten- tion. GRAZING Cows.-An imported cow belong- ing to Mr. Green, attracted attention. The class was thinly rcpresontcd. FAT llEirDiis.-There was a very fair show of these animals, which were chiefly exhibited by Mr. Graham, the butcher. Several of the animals remarkable for their quality wcro florn the nin of Mr. Henty, and others of a very good quality were from the run of Mr. Black. BULLS.-The exhibition in this class was splendid, all the animals exhibited being of a very high order, while some were models of symmetry and strength. A bull, bred by Lord Lincoln, although it got no prize, was much admired ; and the bull Hospodar, bred by Mr. Barnett, of Bedfordshire, deserves espe- cial notice. While on this subject it may ho noticed that the pens devoted to the wild cattle aro scarcely high or strong enough. In ouc or two coses the bars wore broken by hie ani- mals, and two wild heifers succeeded in escaping over the pens, and were with soino difficulty and moro risk turned out of the ? yard. ) RAMS.-Two rams, imported by Mr. Greoii, I attracted much notice. : SHEEP.-Tho exhibition of this class WÍIS indifferent, both as to number and quality ; nor WI13 the show of wool much hotter. Somo of the lambs from Mr. Staughton's run wcro very good. Pias.-L-The show of these animals was very good. Mi. Graham was the chief exhibitor. Those exhibited wore mostly of the Nca "politau breed. POULTRY.-Some of the Cochin China fowls exhibited were remarkably line, and attracted much attention. The show of eggs was also very good, a first-class prize being awarded to one basket. Viewed as a whole, tho Exhibition of yc3ter ,day may bo regarded os successful ; and deservedly so. It is rather to bo regretted that the exhibition of sheep and wool in this, the best wool-producing country amongst the colonies, should have been so indifferent. It is probable, however, that the owners of sheep were unwilling to send them any distauco duringsheaiing time. The implement yard attracted more atten- tion than on the previous day, and this was, perhaps, owing to hie fact that most of the exhibitors were on the spot to explain the nctiou of the machines, and to sot thom in motion where practicable. The whole of . the reaping machines on tho ground were exhibited by Mr. Robin eon, who also exhibited several chaff cutting machines, adapted to cither hand or boree power, and which were amongst tho most efficient we have ever seen. The sample of wheat referred to in our re iiort of yesterday, weighed about 65 lbs. to tho lushel, instead of 70 lbs., as we woro errone- ously informed. The following is the list of prizes awarded : HORSE STOCK. Entire norse. First prize to Messrs. Wil- son and Botcman's Clyde. Imported from Scotland. Do. Second do. to Messrs. AVilson and Bateman'» King Robert Bruce. Imported J'rom Scotland. Do. Third do. to Mr. John Crowe's Royal Charlie. Colonial bred, Victoria-bred Entire Draught Horse. First prize to Mr. John Crowe's Royal Charlie. Do. Second do. to Mr. Raleigh's colt, by Champion. Do. Third do. to Mr. Foy's groy colt. Brood Mure, foaled or in foal. First prizo to Mr. J. AVilliomson, La Rose, for his white mare. V. D. L. bred. Do, Second do. to Mr. J. Williamson, La Rose, for his greymare. Do. Tin rd do. to Messrs. J. and M. Mackin- tosh, Glenroy, for their roan maro Blossom. Victorio-hred Brood Mare. First prizo to Messrs. J. and M. Mackintosh, for Blossom, Do. Second do. to Mr. John Cameron, Deep Clock, tor iron-grey moro. Do. Third do to do. Maro not in foal. First prize to Mr. John Brown, River Plenty, bay mare. Do. Second do. to Messrs. J. and M. Mackintosh, Jessie,imported from Scotland. , Do. Third do. to Mr. John Dick, Kcilor iciid, dark baymore. Di aught mare, whether in foal or not in foal. Mr. John Brown's bay maro was uwurded the prize. Gelding. First prizo to Messrs. J. and M. Mackintosh, Former, a grey. Do. Second do. to do., Punch, hay. Do. Third do. to Mr. M'Donald, Moonee Ponds, blown horse. Two-year-old Filly. First prizo to Mr. Jas. Potello, Old Sydney-road. Do. Second do. to Mr. D. Patello, Deep Creek, by Douglass. Do. Third do. to - Two-ycur-old Colt or Golding. First prizo to Mr. G. G. Cameron, Mooneo Ponds, by Douglass. . . Do. Second do. lo Mr. D. Potello, Deep Creek, by Douglass. Do. Third do. to - One-year-old Filly. First prizo to Messrs. J. and M. Mackintosh, by Lanark, out of Blossom. Do. Second do. to Mr. George Gieeve's Melton, by Douglas. One-year-old Colt or Gelding. First prizo to Messrs. J. and M. Mackintosh, by Lanark. Do. Second do. do., by do. Do. Third do. to - Shod Draught norse. To - Henderson, Cook's forgo, Flomington-road. Best Set of Cart and Plough Harness for a team of two horses. To Mr. J. C. Cochrane, Moonee Ponds. BLOOD HORSES. The judges in this clops wcro Messrs. R. F. Greene, AVoodlands ; Gray, Myross ; and D. Greene, V.S. Entire Horse First prizo to Mr. Huntor's Dolo, imported from England. Do. Second do. Mr. Halfpenny's Young Hambledon. Mare. First prize to Mr. Milner, Parring, Yallock Station, Colac, for Benalla, by Premier. Do. Second do. to S. H. Clutterbuck, Esq., Western Port, for Ellen. Hackney. First prize to Mr. Goldsborough, Melbourne. Do. Second do. to John Groy, Esq. Myross SHOD SADDLE HORSE. Nono considered worthy of a prizo. DA1IIY AN» OnAZINO STOCK. Messrs. bocinan, Rennie and M'Caw acted as judges for Dairy Stook ; and Messrs. Jos. Watson, J. Wilson and AV. Boll for Grazing Stock. For the Best Bull, of any brood. First Prize lo Mr. M'Dougall, Glenroy, for Crite- rion, five years old, imported from Van Diemen's Land. . Do. Second do. to Mr. M'Dougall, for Columbus, roon, four yeors old, by Von Ant- hill gli. Do. Third do. to Mr. M'Dougall, for Bomulus. Dairy Cow. First prizo to Mr. M'Dougall's Nonpaicil. Do. Second do. to Mr. M'Dougall's Eureka. Do. Third do. to Mr. M'Dougall's White Rose. Three-year-old Dairy noifer. First prizo to Mr. M'Dougall's Noll Gwynne, by Brunswick. Do. Second do. to Mr. M'DougoH's Snow Di op, by Brunswick. Two-your- old Doiry Heifer not in calf, Mr. M'Dougall's Nugget, by Bacchus. Grazing Cow. First prizo to E. B. Greene, Esq. Imported cow, per James Baines. Do. Second do. to Mr. R. M'Dougalls, Young Aurora. Do. Third do. to Mr. M'Dougoll's Aurora. For the best pair of Fat Bullocks. First pi izo to Mr. Jomes Graham, 39 Qiioon-stroot. For the best Fat Heifer. First prizo to Mr. James Graham. BIIEKP STOCK AND W00I,. Pair of Rams. First prize to E. B. Greene, Esq. Imported from Ennloiidpor JamesBaines. Do. Second do. None. For tho best Pair of Ewes. First prizo Nono. , , Do. Second do. None. For tho best pen of 'J'en Fat AVothors. First prizo to Mr. James Graham. Do. Second do. To Mr..lomos Graham. Pen of Ten Fat Laml ». First prizo to Mr. Jumes Gioliiim. Do. Second do. to Mr. James Graham. Five Fleeces of Wool in Groase. First prize to li. C- Queue, Esq., Woodlands. Do. Washed. First piize. Nono. 8W1NK. Bom- of any Breed. First prizo to Mr. Bats- , mon, Flemington. Do. Second do. to Mr. Jamos Graham. Brood Sow. First prize to Mr. ,los. Graham. Do. Second do to Mr. Jomes Graham. \- Fat Pig. I'M roi prize to Mr. James Graham. l'OUXTHY. Cock and Pair of Hens, Cliineso brood. Fiist prize to Mr. .John Brown, Goolong. Do. Second do. to Mr. E. Row, Melbourne. Cock and l'air of Hens, other broods. Fiist lo Mi. C'liiimliors, Heidelberg. Do. Second do. None. Cock and Pair of Hen Turkeys. None. Do. Second do. None. Gander and Pair of Geese. First prize. None. Drake and Pair of Ducks. First prize to Mr. Alex. Stewart, Merri Creek. Basket Cochiii-CMiia Hen Eggs, Prize to Mr. G. Cole, Gardiner's Creek. Basket Hens' Eggs. First prize to Mr. John G i ey, Myross. Best Basket Duck Eggs. First prize to Mr. Alex. Stowai t, Merri Creek. Best 4 lbs. of Fresh Butter. First prize to Mrs. Massen, jim. Do. Second do. to Mr. M'Couochio, Ste- warton. I EXTltA STOOK.. A prize was awarded to Mr. A. Gibb, Camp- bellfield, fora Three-year-old Filly. A prize was awarded to Mr. John Dick for a Grey Carriage Horse. Mr. M'Dougall exhibited a Bull Calf, three months old, of pure short-horn breed, which excited universal admiration. A gentleman on the ground offered forty guineas for him, which was refused bj' the owner. IMPLEMENTS AND MACHINES. A very varied and excellent assortment of all kinds of Agricultural Implements was exhibited on Wednesday, 31st October, in which the following gentlemen, acting as judges, awarded prizes:-Messrs. Crowe, Crichton, and Lincoln. For Swing Plough, first prize, No. 10. Messrs. Smith and Fawns. Do do second prize, No. 1. T. Robinson nnd Co., Elizabeth-street. Barrowman'«. For Wheel Plough, first prize, No. 4. Mr. Attcnbury. Do. second prize, No. 3. Mr. W. Wade, Yarra Uiver. For Drill Plough, first prize, No. 1. Mr. Lawson, Moonee Ponds. For the best Drill Harrow, first prize, No. C. W. Henderson and Co. For set of Harrows for general use, first prize, No. Iß. Messrs. T. Robinson and Co., Elizabeth-street. Diagonal. For the best Grain Sowing Machine, first prize. None For tho best Grain Roller, first prize. Mr. Lawson, Moonee Ponds. For Reaping Machine, first prize, No. 2. Messrs. T. Robinson and Co., Elizabeth street. Bell's Improved. For Hoise Hay Rako, first prize, No. 1. George Munsey, Deep Creek Road. Do. second prize No. 2. Robertson aud Myers, Campbellfield. For the best collection of Hand Farm Tools, first prize, No. 2. J. M'Ewan and Co., Elizabeth-street. Do. do. do., second prize, No. 1. Mr. At tenbury. For Hay Cart, first prize. No. 1. Robort Fon and Myers, Campbellfield. Do. second prize, No. 2. John Dick. Kcilor-road. , For Tumbling Cart, first prize, No. 2. J. 0. Riddell. Esq., M.L.C. For Chaff-Cutting Machine, first prize. No. 8\. T. Robinson and Co. Double- handed. Do. second prize, No. 7. T. Robinson and Co. Self sharpener. For Corn-Crusher, No. 3. A. K. Smith, C. E., 62 Collins-street. For Grubber or Cultivator, No. 7. James Robertson, Campbellfield. Colonial made. For Drain Tilo Machine. None shown. Foi Portable Thrashing Machine, first prize, No. 6. T. Robinson and Co., Elizaboth strcct. Barrett, Exall and Andrews. Four hoiso power. For Winnowing Machine, No. 3. John Dick, Kcilor-road. Made by Archbold. Do. do., second prize. T. Robinson and Co, Elizabeth-street. Made by Archbold. For Bone-crushing Machine. Prize awarded to Messrs. Stevenson and Sons, Flemington. One exhibited, but not shown at work. IMPLEMENTS SOT CLASSIFIED. A prize was awarded to T. Robinson and Co., tor Druminond's Patent Churn. A prize was awarded to Messrs. Stevenson and Sons' Potter's Wheel. A Sackholder on wheels, shown by Messrs. Robinson and Co., was commonded by the Judges. A very handsome and efficient Horse-work, intended for driving a chaff-cutter or corn crusher, was exhibited by Mr. Joseph Nichol- son, Bouveric-strcet, North Melbourne. Two Circular rig-troughs were shown by Mr. Attcnbury, and much admired. Messrs. Law Gordon and Co. exhibited two scythes for cutting grain, which wore con- sidered efficient. A Rotatory Screening Machine was ex- hibited by A. K. Smith, of Collins- street, and was highly commended by the Judges. GRAINS AND POTATOES. For the best three bushels of wheat. First prize to Mr. R. Massie, Deep Creek. Do. second do. Mr. R. Massie. For the best three bushels oats. First prize, none. Do. do. do. Second prize. None. For the best three bushels Cape barley. None. For iho best bag English barlej'. None. For the best two cwt. of pototocs. To Mr. Laidlaw, Yarra Yarra. Do. Second prize to do. THE DINNER. This entertainment took place in the Ex- hibition Building, which was very tastefully decorated for the occasion. Tho tables wer« laid ulong the centro of the building, and a considerable degree of tasto was displayed in the general arrangements. Indeed some wcro reminded of tho gorgeous banquets of the Protectionists at homo, when gentlemen met for the lugubrious pleasuro of assuring each other that theyvvcro ruined to the last guinea; but, determined to die game, stuffed themselves with venison, and gallantly headed subscript ion-lists with 10-guinca sub hcriptions. The farmors of Port Phillip, un- like their brethren in England, who seem to thrivo upon a grievance, met for the commendable object of celebrating the anniversary of a societjr, which has dono much and will do moro to encourage agricul- ture in this infant colony, and develop a re- source which may ultimately prove of moro vnluc to tho land than even its gold. Tho dinner was announced for seven o'clock, lint did not take place until eight. His Excellency Sir Charles Hotham arrived shortly before that hour. Ho was received by Mr. Kennedy, M.L.C, the President of the Society, and' the Worshipful tho Mayor of Melbourne, the band playing the National Anthem. The dinner itself passed off as such affaira usually do. The table was well laid and sup 5lied, tho credit of this boing due to Mr. 'erry, under whose superintendence the ar- rangements were made. I Mr. Kennedy, M.L.C, occupied the chair. On his right sat Sir 0. Hotham, and on his J left Lieut. Hotham. The Colonial Secretary, ' the Collector of Customs, tho Mayor, Mr. O'shanassy, and other gentlomen of note, occupied tho head of the table. The vico ohalr was filled by Mr. Nicholson, M.L.C. The cloth having boon drawn, and tho usual loyal toasts proposed and honored, The CHAIRMAN proposed tho health of | tho Governor, and regretted that the toast had not been committed to abler hands. Thoy wcro awmo that his Excellency had allowed himself to hu nominated patron of the societj', and had evinced a Btrong. intciesl 'in its welfare. Tho support which his Excellency lind given to the j bociety in various ways had onablod them 'to assume the position of which thoy might thon bo so proud. (Hear.) The diffi- culties in which tho colony had lately found itself lind beon removed hythe firm but tompe rato conduct of his Excellency, nnd thoy had now dawning upon them n prospect of pros- perity which was hardly to be equalled in the minais of the world. They might roly upon tho wisdom of tho Government, and they should no1 be shaken in their feelings of | loyalty by every idlo wind of doctrine. (Cheers). The toast was thon duly honored. ni« Excellency Sir C. HOTHAM, in re- sponding to the toast, said that ho had long thought that the position of Governor of a colony was ono of tho most difficult willoh a mun could take, because ho was expected to know something of everything. On that occasion ho feared that ho should rather disappoint tho company because ho was not conversant with tho subiect in which thoy were all so much Interested. His business had been that of ploughing tho ocean, while theirs had boon that of ploughing the land; lind if ho could not descant freely on the merits of tho profession in which thoy woro embarked, he could, at all events, point out to thom a coiirso which thoy might adopt in a time of difficulty. If tho crops of noxt your should prove so luxuriant that the prices thoy realised did not como up to their expecta- tions, ii might bo wiso in them to think whether tho land should not bo turned to some other account. It had occurred to him that this climato was identical with that of | Madeira and Teneriffe, whero tho cactus grow, nnd that hero they might cultivate tho cochi- neal insect with very groat advantage; and hereafter, whim railway power was Intro- duced into this land, when other crops failed, or woro over- abundant, thoy could turn tkolr attention in this direction. There was ano- ther thin« which he wished lo impress upon ' tliuu and which he could not resist c-nfm-o- ' ' ing by a little anecdote. He romeinbered » , Minn of the some ago as himself, who was hi» ¿fathers steward, and to whom ho had often Riven a sixpence for bringing milk to tha house. That mon could neither read nnr .wiitc when at the ago of forty-fivo or foi ty-seven; but ho was now entrustoi ?with the management of six thousand «CUB of land in dear old England, at a rental of 80s. an acre, ne had had a clay soil to cul tivote,- and although no farmer, ho (Sir Chnilcs Hotham) knew the difficulties aten, août upon the cultivation of that kind ofsoil 'J ho man of whom he was spcikin» hal i-coi ed a handsome fortune. The point ho wished to impress upon them wos, that oven under disadvantages thoy should not despond . and even if the next two, three, or four yeari should prove unpropitious, they should lions that the next would redeem their fortunes Tho profession in which thoy embarked \T lice fiom the restless cares of a city life-the» hod health, air, and exercise, everything that tended to make a man happy, and lift Iii. mind to the God above. He said, therefore tint it was their own fault if in this prolifie'laml Hiey wore not happy and contented. No moller under what government they livej they would beor in mind the concludm* remarks of their chairman, and nlways rall? round the cause of good order, for they could not he happy unless they were cnh'ghtonel contented, and well governed. He thnnkci them for tho manner in which they hal 11 ceived the toast which had been proiio3»d to them, and he assured hiern that all the 'cncigics he possessed should on every osa», sion be devoted to their service,, and that of the colony generally. (Cheers.) The CHAIRMAN proposed '' The health of the Anny and Navy," a toast which was re- ceived with loud cheers. His Excellency Sir CHARLES HOTHAlf acknowledged both toasts, and paid a brief but graceful tribute to the fame which the English army with their gallant allies hid coined. The VICE-CHAIRMAN proposed "Tha Executive Council of the Colony." Rj existence was shortly to terminate; and although they wore said to ho an irresponsible) Government, they hod been resisted by ao opposition at least as irresponsible, Tho Incentive Council hod at once granted to his society the sum of £500 for which they ap- plied, and hod also granted them,upon a very short uotice.opieee of their landusasuow-yard. He begged to propose " The Executive Coun- cil," and to couplowith.it the naroo of the lion, the Colonial Secretary. The COLONIAL SECRETARY, in return ing thanks, said that he hoped that if tho Executive Council were put upon its defensa it uould bo able to give an account of its doings. He could not refrain from congra- tulating the country on the change which was fibout to take place, and he had little doubt that, under the new" Constitution, the in teiests of the country would bo very gi cntly ad- vanced by having a powerful and unite! Government. If a responsibility lcstcd on the now Government, he must remind then» that a great responsibility rested with cvciy individual colonist. He hoped that this responsibility would he felt, and thus thot the political apathy which hod, unfortu- nately, of late characterised the colony would como to an end. That apathy had been a great discouragement to public men, but he hoped it would exist no longer. He valued the compliment they hod just paid him, for he wos one of the oldest farmers in tho colonj. and in that capacity, as well as in his official copocity, he returned them his thanks. (Hear.) Mr. COOPER proposed "The Legislative Council of Victoria." Mr. O'SHANASSY responded to the toist. Ho felt, however, that the tiattcring way in which the toast had been honored was not al- together merited, for thot body lind not altogether identified itself with the agricultu- ral interests. He would, however, say that th'ey hiid cheerfully contributed to place the Far meis'Socicty foremost amongst the societies of "Victoria. The Legislative Council was' now. however, about to give up the ghost, nod it would be succeeded by one which would causa these agricultural societies to multiply over the land. The pastoral interest had predom- inated, the mining interest was now in the ascendant, but ho would say that the agri- cultural interest would hereafter be the great- est interest of the three. Mr.PUELANproposed, "ThoMoyornndCor porotion of the city of Melbourne." The AVorshiptul tho MAYOR OP MEL- BOURNE briefly returned thanks. He wished that the City Council haddoucmorctuanttiey lind done for the farmers, but he hoped that they would moko up for it hy the markets which they wcro about to erect. He, himself, w.is an agriculturist, and sympathised watraly with hi« members of that profession, wbxmta hoped, however, to seo more united. (Hew} Mr. RUSDEN proposed "Tho Port Phillip Foi mers' Society," and detailed the gradin! progress of the society, and the difficulties against which it had mode head. The Fanners' Society had not turned back from the work it had commenced, although t/ia discovery of gold hod stiongly tried its powers. They hod steadily persevered, and they now reaped a just reward in finding themselves in a prosperous condition. They inv.tt not forget that the welfare of the society was mainly due to the exertions of Messrs. M'Ci ticken and Mr. Robinson, of the Moonee Ponds, and he should couple the names of those gentlemen with the tonst he lind prj posed. Mr. M'CRACKEN, in a speech which was al- most inaudible, acknowledged the toast, and pioposod the health of the Judges of the show. Mr. LTNCOJJN acknowledged hie tonst,and spoke with pride of the exhibition which, liad token ploco during hie last two days. Tha show of both stock and implements liad been extensive as well as good, and afforded a Ftiong evidence of the progress mode by the agriculturists of hie colony. Mr. RAWDON GREENE also acknow- ledged tho toast, . Mr. STEVENSON proposed '\The Unsuc- cessful Competitors ;" a toust which wos duly acknowledged. Mr. RIDDELL proposed " the Geelong und Western District Agricultural Society." , Ho conceived that nothing could be so conducive to tho welfare of the colony as the multiplication of theso associations, w|i03a only nim and object was to improve agricul- ture for the benefit of the population. \- The Hon. the COLONIAL SECRETARY acknowledged the toast, and expressed his great satisfaction to find that the formori of 'the county of Bourke hod not forgotten the'r brethren m tho county of Grant. Mr. M'EAVAN proposed "The Press of ths Colony," and in a complimentary speech ac- knowledged the services it had rendered to 'tho colony. , . Mr. A. MURRAY responded to the toait. The woy in which it had been received waî exceedingly gratifying, and the tributo which they had paid the press, by acknowlcdiin? that it had dono its duty, wos tho highest compliment it could receive. His Excellency tho Governor took his de- parture öfter this toost; mid hie proceeding) of tho ovening woro virtually brought to a conclusion. A few dioico spirits remained, and attempted a song; but they shortly dis- persed in search ol' tho rest which tlio days labor must have rendered doubly necessary. 