THE WRECK OF THE " ARCTIC." (From Household Words ) Oh! bark baptised with a name of doom ! The distant and the dead Stem speaking to our English ear Where'er that word is said ! It tells of landscapes on whose hills The forest never grew, Where light lies dead, and palsied winds Have fainted as they flew,— And, far away, through voiceless gloom, Of mystery and an unfound tomb. By waves that in their very dance Have fallen fast asleep, It summons forth our English heart A weary watch to keep : On pulseless shores, where Nature lies Stretched in a mute distress, And the meteor gleams like a funeral light O'er the cold dead wilderness,— And our dying Hope has a double shroud, The pall of snow and the pall of cloud. Why carried the bark that name of doom To the paths of a southward sea, Where the light at least is a living thing, And the leaping waves are free,— Where sound is struck by the minstrel deep From its beat on the lonely shore, And scents from the saddest gales that blow O'er the desolate Labrador,— Where the land has grass and the sky has sheen, And the hill is climbed by the column green ! Ah ! one of the spirits, old and gray, Whose home is the Arctic strand, Hath a haunt of his own where the waters play On the shores of the Newfoundland : Where ships that looked like things of life When their sails by the sun were kiss't, Like spectre barks go gliding on Beneath their shrouds of mist :— And the Arctic name is a name of fear When a ghost of the northern world is near ! She left her port—that gallant ship— The master of the sea, With heart on fire to quell the wave, and canvass for the breeze :— Gay, happy hearts upon her deck Left happy hearts behind ; The prayers that speed the parting guest, Went with her on the wind, As, like some strong and spirit thing, The vessel touched it with her wing. She left her port—the gallant bark That reached it never more,— The hearts have never met again That parted on that shore. Ere long she was a riven thing, The good ship and the free, The merry souls that sailed her, gone Across a darker sea ;— And Ruin sat—without a form, Where Wreck had been—without a storm ! For the wind, whose voice was a long, low sigh To the eye, without its stars, Had in many ears that day been song, As it played round the vessel's spars. But, ah ! how many another voice That mingled with its strain, On loving hearts, in sigh or song, Shall never fall again !— How many a soul o'ertook one night The prayer it poured in the morning's light ! And, oh ! the fond and yearning thoughts That mingled with despair, As lips that never prayed before Sent up the spirit's prayer ! The faces of the far- away That smiled across that sea, And how sweet tones that reached the heart Through all its agony ! The hopes for others poured like rain, When for themselves all hope was vain ! For He who hushed the wave of old, And walked the foam white lee To where the lonely fishing bark lay tossing on the sea, At the wild cry of man's despair, Or woman's wilder wail, Shall never more with mortal feet Come walking through the gale.— Yet, angels waited round that wreck, And God, unseen, was on the deck ! 