?: -INDUSTRY AND PROGRESS. , A late English paper contained an article headed' The Industry of the | United StatcB.' In this article, allusion is mado to tlio notion generally prevalent in England, that tho Ame rican people are a filibustering, rollicking race — filling their newspapers with whole columns of boasting falsehood — haunting tavern bars, swallowing continually mint julep and other spirituous compounds, eternally chewing to buccOj end disfiguring every place they fre quent 'with disgusting ' spittings — sacrincing their host statesmen and even the judges to party predilections — and forming ' at' once ' a noisy, lcstlcss, annrchicnl, nnd aggressive community. We are told that two of : the British Commissioners appointed to attend the New York Industrial Exhibition hare furnished a very different description of our American cousins. According to this description, tho Americans are,' in the language' of/ our con temporary : — ' More industrious than wo arc — (that is than the English), they work longer and more conti nuously ; English nrliKiins come away from the States, because they find the work too much for them; and American factories are regulated with as much care as the best factories of Eng land. The bulk of the people are sober, steady, methodical/and energetic. Unless i wo direct our energies to the work of self-improvement, the Americans will surpass \is as much in inge nuity, and skill, in intelligence and power, us .hey are certain to surpass us in numbers: I(or i people justly proud.as wo arc of our country, uid individually great, rather from belonging ,o a irreat nation than from a personal conscious ness of superiority, the possibility of being out lone in abilities, while ws are sure to be out :lone by numbers, is » painful contemplation ; aid it behoves us all to examine the subject, ind exert ourselves as patriots and as English men, to preserve the national greatness,' These arc the remarks of an English journal, in comparing Americans with Englishmen. They :ire! more industrious, it says, than we .ire- — they work longer and mote continuously-— and the bulk of the people are sober, steady, methodical, and energetic. The industry of tho English has long- been the subject of remark ; and from infancy we' have been taught to believe that in 'this respect they held, perhaps, the highest station* It is that industry which has been at the foundation of England's glory,' and upon it will that glory continue to be independent. We can easily conceive, this being the case, how the Americans have come to prosper as they have done, arid America lias risen so rapidly. The increase in the population is oasily accounted for. The immense stream of immigration which has beon flowing into the States from Ireland and Europe, independent of the in' crease from natural causes, accounts for the rise of many of them and the extension of others. America is rivalling England. Her greatness is the result ol her industry. The Americans work longer and more continu ously than the English. Tho announcement of this fact is made with the view of stimu lating tho English to increased exertion — to renewed efforts to preserve their national greatness. ' This rivalry in industry, inge nuity, and skill, is a praiseworthy one. It muni tend to .tins improvement and advance ment of both, and it is a matter of gratulation to find that America has proved ;i worthy 'scion of a noble atock But why have we made the extract, and remarked upon the superior, indus try'of .the Americans? What, it may be asked have we of Australia to do with the rivalry be tween England and the United States? In order to show our fellow-citizens the advantage^ of working hnrd and continuously. Wo all, or most of us, know something of America; and the Americans. The progress in population, wealth, and intelligence of the Ameri can people is no secret. We find the Americans going ahead at a rapid rate, and struggling to obtain the superiority, and we very naturally enquire now 'is it that they do so? Tho answer is at band. It is short and plain — so plain indeed, that no one, however humble or ignorant, can misundor stiinfl it — ' They work longer andmore contin uously' than the English, who aro celebrated as a hard- working race. And they are not ashamed to work with their hands; No foolish, silly pride stands in tho way in America. The American is independent. Ho cams his subsis tence. Ho does more — he puts by something I'.iimially from the produce of his labour. The bulk of' tho people arc sober, steady, methodical and energotic, and apply themselves to the cultivation of the soil. They are honest, and do not steal the pioduce of their neighbour's ground in the most solitary or thinly-peopled districts. There is no occasion. Where all are indus trious, and nil arc labouring for their mainte nance, there is no necessity' to steal. ' Why should this not bo the case here ? With a country rich in natural advantages, and a soil which only requires the labour of. man to obtain from it almost every production, without mentioning our valuable mining ad vantages, how docs it come to pass that we are dependent upon importation for so largo a portion of what we consume ? The wretched condition of the streets and roads in and out of our town — our 'innny uirfmishod or'dilapidated buildings — our cities so ill provided with a sure supply of good water — the grsat neglect of pro per sanitary arrangements — the dilatory and scarcely percepinuo advance oi puonc works tor the benefit of the people — our richest lands unculti vated or overgrown with bush— the water so precious to our wants running to waste in arid' districts, or undiverted for the public benefit, casting their bounty into the sea — :thesearo all proofs, strong1 as holy writ, : that we are. not industrious — that we do not work long enough, or as continuously as the American?, n«t as individuals,' but as members of. a large , com inuuiU, we have not laboured to effect the necessary alterations in our system,' which shall do away with all those evils to which,. we have alluded ; we' have not, as a people, elected the representatives who have bent all their energies to the task for which they .volun teered, and which was given to them; we. have ' not united and combined our; effoits with determination to accomplish or to see «c complishcd the improvements our condition de mands, and the objects that shall advance us in prosperitj' as n growing people. Immersed in our daily avocations we have not looked narrowly into' the evils that have grown upon us or become' more grit-vous from increasing numbers. We liave not-roused ourselves to'call aloud upon an inactive Government to wake from its apathy and do that which has become imperatively necessary to our. weli-oemg. ic is wo, tlio. people,- tne Working Classes, who have been content to let these things go on unnoticed ; we have been idle but the evils that have weighed us 'down, have thrown this colony behind the age in comparison with Victoria ; we who once, led'; now must ,?ubmit to follow. Ojr money is wasted in purchasing forsign supplies ?it high rates ; our labors enrich the pockets of foreign speculators ; our earnings are swallowed up by enormous reutals and high prices of_ food ; our manufactures are neglected ; our cultivators of, tobacco and vine dresscra discouraged j our agriculturalists disheartened for want of facilities iii roads to rench our markets, our soil monopo lised bv squatters, or shut up by governmental obstruction'. The destructive and damning apathy that -marks our Government is seen whercevcr the eye turns, and under its narcotic influence we have' been1 too long dormant. Let us take a leaf out of .ihc American's book, or if not, fol low out the dictates of necessity. We shall then galher- and unite, and together labo 'to find' men who will work, if entrust' d v.it'K our interests in the Legislative Halls, who will do for the country what the country requires, ! while we, the united Wo'rking Men, will not stand idly br, but aid them with ouratrengfh, which- is the strength of the nation, with our shoulders, upon which the Government must lean, with : our. wills, that- oppressive, unjust, or ungrateful, rulers have now learnt to fear, and with our arms aud hands, in which lie the siuews that have Ihe power to make and remake, set up and- pull down, until the fabric of the adminis tration that is built shall be one that is just and energetic, encouraging and nc-ive, fitted to tho wants of 'the people, and calculated to.-advance the progress of tho colony. But we 'must work' together, and long and con tinuously to effect, our objects, and our first step must- be to obtain a proper representation. — Sydney Operative. The Iiitsh Curate among English Manufac TUitKns.'— The Irish curate is a clergymen sui , generis, when seen in bis perfect state. He may have been in a congenial clement, as lie was anni hilating priests and converting papists, iu the parish of Blarney, but transplanted on to English . soil, he resembles a wild mountain flower,' in, a green house, or an oak in a flower pot. His ideas arc on a scale much (oo large for our homely con- , , ccptioiiB ; his habits are too. belligereut for the phlegmatic Saxon ; his general tone of thought arid feeling does uot square with English notions of exactness and propriety. He thinks odd things, and he says odd things, and he docs odd thing*, and if any one doubts their propriety, he lays his hand on his heart, and'' affirms thathis conscience, compels him so to act. Suppose him thrown by some dispensation into the ministry of a dis- ;. trict somewhat populous, reasonably peace able, and . undistinguished by any prominent ! features. Suppose this- to be,' uot at a period ,. of papal .aggression, but in quiet times. ' . Nobody knows whether county Wicklow oh . county Mcath claims the honour of his LucLriiiiii debut, and nobody cares a great deal. , 'Mark his appearance! Behold ' his black whiskers, ; sti angling hair,' unstrapped trousers, and Yol- , , . licking gait. His linen is not' always of the. cleanest. His waistcoat, has lost one or two' - buttons, and has a greasy corrugated air about it; but beneath that waistcoat, sir, uninviting , as it looks, there is bounding .the heart of a , juvonile Hugh M'Neile. Maybe it has thumped 'off the buttons. He delights in preaching and .. ? lecturing and extemporising at all seasons; and in all places, and ' at tho shortest' possible notice.' He is a peripatetic sound — a vox'per- . ambulans' — ' '??? O Patrick, shall I call thce-mdn, '? Or but a wandering voice? . . ? . .' ? . In a few month's after liis arrival lie announces - from the pulpit that' on the next Sabbath- evening lie will discuss tbe- docrine of ?purgatory. He inserts a paragraph , to -the -same; effect in, tlia Church and State Independent. ] Opposition is raised ngainst.himJ Skirmishers are thrown outon both fides. Then follows a course of lectures on the Errors of Rome. Women prick up their ears, and welcome the controversy. ' Nobody loves a wran gle better than the Women — especially a religious one. The poor, who had never before attended a place of worship, 'flock to hear, for there is a ,' game of abuse going on. Pious females ejacu hi-e, in the fulness of their hearts, 'See how much good Mr. O'Bluzcaway is' doing !'' A pujmr controversy follows between our hero and some Itomish -partisan,, in which nothing suffers so much' as the log-ic of -Whateley and the nilcs of Lindlcy Murray. Still our Iriend is hailed by the ladies as a Goliath on tbe side of truth,. Can such volubility and whis kers do wrong,?' ? He is puffed put with congratu-. , lations and crumpets ; .he is.dcluo-ed with tea and . toadyism. j,.-The .charm workVapace ; the tide of popularity .is at the -full ;', when, lo !. after .two or three yourig^ladics have been preached into fits, some 'f«t dowagers, have been vociferated into convulsions, and a married female or two been . ? shrieked. into a ' misfortune,' the sensible porliou . ': of the people begin to ask in tho words of a won- ? - - dering prelate, ' .What is all this about?' By \ t degrees a change comes over the spirit of this ' ? dream ; the popularity of our champion begins to wane; 'some dare to fancy, with Flu'ellen, that ''' he is not the man that lie would gladly make show to (he world he is;' a few francic damsels-, fight desperately in his behalf, but they are a for ; - lorn hope. . He is' going— going — gone'. And' ' ' when, attcr a nirec 3'cars racicet in ins curacy, lie goes away to some other to challenge the Papists,' ; either all together, or one go down/and thc:othor,' * came on, ho leaves behind a boiling 'lava-mass of hatred and rancour, and venom, which is destined '; to scald his successor for the whole, tc'nn'of his '* sojourn. — Frazer's Magazine for., Septejnber.' ' ' '?' Esoi.tsii Lxw Kkfoiuis- in,. ?action'.— Ori and ' after tho 24th October an important'.. alteration. -'\ will take place with respect to new trials,- in. this .' superior courts. No new. trtal is to.be granted ' ? by reason ? of the ruling- of any ,}ud-je that the ,' stamp upon any document, is sufficient,, or .that , '. ? the document does not. require a- stamp. .In every 'j rule nisi for a new trial, or to enter .a '.verdict' oV - ?? nonsuit the grounds upon which .such 'rifles is:--\ ' granted -shall be .shortly stated therein.. Tuis, is,-. ?_ a decided improvement, as parties will know the' grounds on which, the rules are obtained ,- am] the . plaintiffs will have, to confine; themselves* tbtheV points. set forth. , In alj^'cases' of rules. to 'alter a',' verdictornonsuitjUpon a'poinl. reserved at the trialjl ! ' if the rulu (o show cause be refused or graritcd,and'- j then discharged or. madeabsolutCjthe party decided . ? against may appeal. ;No appeal is to be allowed ', unless notice be. given in .writing1 within^four '. ' days of the decision, or ? such further time,as«v, may.be allowed. NolicCjOf appeal. is to berai^i stay of execution, provided bail be given to-pay \ the sum recovered and costs:in like mannsr,-as '? bail in Error, within eight 'days of .the decision .? complained of, or before execution is delivered, j to the sheriff. .The Court of Appeal is to have j power to ndjudgo tho payment of costs, and to '» order restitution, and to have the same powers ' as tho Court of Error. The Court of Error, -. the Exchequer Chamber, and iho House of \ Lords, are to he the Court of Appeal under th« t' net. Under l-ho, new Common Law'.l-roecdiir« '? Act, a witness in any cause may. be' questioned i as to whether he has been convicted of any ;' felony or misdemeanor, ' and'if he .denies -tile ' fact or refuses to answer, the opposite party » may provo the conviction, and pufin'a ceili/i- -? cate, which upon proof of the identity .of .'the. ; person, is to be evidence -of ..the cortvietiotr without proof of the .official character; of the r person signing it. . , ?? '. .' , , - . , , , . The Dead Alive.— A celebrated' character ' one day met a man in the. streets, cryin'' ?about'* his dentil, when he gave ? the fellow a tromen;'' dous box on the caiy adding 'Take that, and' ? if T am dead, you will, at' least', : 'lielfye :in ghosts.' . ? ' ' '? - '. ??'' .'?-?; * .-.,':. Tastc roil Mu&ic.;— The 'i'nfammis'- DuKeVof 1 Laiiderdale used to say tb-tjlie had .rather henr a cat mow than the beat Ynusio'm''the' world';', and the bettor the music the more sick-it made ' him. ? , , ' . ?'.. ';..' ; Explosion or a Powdeii Magazine. — By the explosion of a powder magazine at Maj'sville. in Kentucky, which contained 800 kegs of gun powder, thirteen' houses wore destroyed f no - person was hurt directly,' but. an old: lady died subsequently from fright.— Spectator: ' ' Time, well employed, gives that health' and vigour to the soul which health and retirement afford the body. ' - . . ? .... 