LAUNCESTON EXAMINER, Tuesday, November 20, 1856. r ARGUMENT ON DEMURRER - POWERS OF TIIE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. MnIt. B3ntEWEn appears for the Speaker, a and Mr. Miller for the Sergeant-at- ii Arms, while the duly appointed and c higlly paid Attorney-General is tile r advocate for the contumacious Doctor, t and, of course, the opponent of the p Legislative branch of the Government. i This is certainly unseemly, if not unfair. f When the State voted the salary of its a law officers it could scarcely contem- a plate any one of them would take the t adverse side. But sucnl an anomaly ii has become a fact, and it will be for the I incoming Parliament by effectual means a to prevent the repetition of an absurdity II so glaringly inconsistent. How opposed it is to the practice in England may be a learned from the resolution of the e House of Commons in IIHansard's case in June, 1837-" That the petitioners be permitted to appear and plead to the said actions; and that lMr. Attorney General be directed to defend them a against the same." Our Attorney General is the prosecutor, not tihe do fender of our Speaker and Sergeant-at Arms. Tihe Attorney-General's preliminary argument is based on the dictum of the a right hon. Pemberton Leigh, one of the t judicial committee on the privy council. He has said that "in settled colonies tihe colonists carry with them the laws t of their native land, and whatever differ once of opinion there may be with t respect to the introduction of some of c those laws, tihe right of exemption from personal violence by any authority but e that of the law is clear and undoubted. 'No freeman shall be imprisoned but by the lawful judgment of his peers, or by the law of the land,' is the great n ciharter of liberty, applicable alike to h colonists as to Englishmen." The a Speaker and Sergeant- at-Arms-tlhe council whose privileges they vindicate, and the people whose autlority has been contemned in the persons of their t representatives, may join issue. Tlhey may at once admit the soundness of Mr. Leigh's opinion, but when pleaded on behalf of Dr. Hampton it admits of a simple and conclusive reply, equivalent to a complete refutation. Englishmen freeman-the subjects of her Majesty, 1 have again and again been committed to durance by order of the legislature in England, and in her colonies too. It is only necessary to name Sir John Cam Hobhouse, now Lord Broughton, who, thoughi no member of the house, but only the author of a pamphlet that I displeased the Commons, was committed to prison, and there remained till par- I lianent rose. Englishmen in England possess no immunity from the warrants of the legislature, and if exempted in the colonies they would not only carry with them all they enjoyed at home, but in this respect very much more. Mr. Brewer did justice to his clients' case, which is, in fact, the cause of the colonists. Mr. Smith indeed claims to be tleir advocate, and so far as salary is concerned 'lhe is, but his suit and service belong to Dr. Hampton. We need scarcely advert to the distinction between a power and a privilege: in the somewhat conflicting cases of Beau mont v. Barrett, and Kielly v. Carson, ithe claims were for privilege alone : in the present instance a power essential to tile existence of a legislature is con tended for, and without which it would be a mockery. Mr. Brewer piled proof upon proof-layer upon layer of dicta, and stratum upon stratum of decisions derived from England and her colonies. " From tite earliest times," rC says Mr. Justice Patteson, " the mem " bers of thle House of Commons have claimed the power of sdnding for and examining all persons and things, and the punishing all contempts committed against their authority. Both of these e. powers proceed on tihe same ground, viz., the necessity that the House of Commons and the members thereof should in no way be obstructed in the performance of their high and important 'y duties." As to tite scope of enquiry, t. Mr. Justice Coleridge says, "that the Commons are, in the words of Lord Coke, 'the general inquisitors of the realm.' I fully admit it would be difficult to define any limits by which the subject matter of their enquiry can be bounded, and it is unnecessary to attempt to do so now. I would be con tent to state that they may enquire into everything which it concerns tile public weal for them to know, and they them selves I think are entrusted with deter mining what falls within that category. Co-extensive with the jurisdiction to enquire, must be their authority to call for the attendance of witnesses, and to enforce it by strest where disobedience makes that necessary, and where attend ance is required and refused." Again, Mr. Justice Williams : "Equally clear is it, in my opinion, that in the exercise of their inquisitorial functions, they must have the power of Senforcing the attendance of witnesses, a or their auttority would be nothing, Sarid the House of Commons but a \- the shadow of a name. The hIouse, therefore, had an undoubted righlt to order the attendance of the plaintiff, and upon htis contemptuous refusal to commit him for the contempt, or, as I Sthink, to oroer hIim to be brought in u custody before them, to show cause, if t Iheo had any, )vlhy ihe refused to attend, or to give evidence if required. Up to this point therefore tlero is, I appre hIend, no doubt, and the matter is clear." We need not multiply extracts, when those interested may find them in the report of this caso; but lest there should be a doubt respecting the power of the local councill; though none about p that of the House of Commons, wo may a refer to the dictum of Lord Ellen- to borough, and the words of Lord Den- a man, cited by Mr. Brewer, "that. theo f privilege for contempt is inherent in p every deliberative body invested with t authority by tho constitution." And so It it has invariably'beon ruled in colonial v courts, whenever the question has'been a raised. Thus, in Canada, Justico Kerr t declared that the "exercise of their e power to commit for contempt is not limited to such as are perpetrated in the i face of the two houses, but it extends to all acts committed which in their view I are calculated in any way to impair f their dignity or to restrain the free and d independent exercise of their functions. a Mr. Justice Bowen thus puts the case, a and disposes of it without a moment's 11 hesitation :- e " It is contended that the Legislative Council c nd the .Ilouso of Assembly of this province owe their origin to the Constitutional Act 31 t eorge IlI., e. 31 ; they cannot legally exorelso such power (of commitment), having no inhe rent right to it, unless, first, that it be expressly granted to theom in that statute, or, secondly, that it be necessarily incident to the correct discharge of the functions reqlired of them by the act." From the principles here stated i appears to follow as a direct consequence, an incentrorertible trtth, that the moral powers of I the Legislative Council to convict and punish in a summary manner persons guilty of a gross outrage or scandalous libel upon that body must exist without having recourse to the ordinary modes of proceeding in the courts of r law, which the Legislative Council could not effect by a civil action, because as a body no r such action could be malntained-nor even by ndlictment in a court of criminal jurisdiction: a 1st, because such indictment would depend ott the will of the crown s and, secondly, because t the olffnce would bhe tried as a breach of the a peace, and not as a violation of the privileges a of the house t with this right then they are vested, as being necessarily iacident to tihe free c exercise of their politcal functions, abstracted from every conslderatlon connettcted with judi cial authIority whichl that bodty Is said generally' not to possess. The privileges of Parliament, like tile prerogative of the crown, are the rights t and privileges of the people." * * "The house is ttlhorised to remove any immediate obstruction to the due course of its own pro. ceedings." * * v* * * * * The Attorney-General's protracted speech furnishes a complete contrast to that of MIr. Brewer. It is illogical, stuffed with fallacies, fictions, and ir relevancies, and full of bounce. Mr. Smith occasionally manifests great horror of Americans and their demo cratic institutions, but his address, as an argument,is thorouglhly Yankee; "it is the fine end of nothing whittled down to a point." As we cannot eliminate any strong position from the Attorney General's speech, we shall endeavor to embalm some sparkling gems of genius, and though they may be paste and not diamond, they will glitter none the less brightly. Mr. Smith asserts that MlIr. Brewer's arguments were "founded on political expediency." Well, if they I were, what then ? Are we to discard t all that is founded on political ox pediency ? In tllhat case there would be very little left of either law or justice. What is the Attorney-General himself but a "political expedient ?" The following passage is perhaps unique: " Politically, he admitted at once that it was necessary that the council should have the power to enquire, and if necessary, power to imprl. son t it was a proper and reasonable power to have, under proper restrictions. It was very proper that the council should possess these powers. and he for one should be very happy to see them conferred on them by law. Bait what made this matter so portentous and dangeros was tite usurpation of tSie power to take away that right of the subject which every one held dear to him-its liberty-an right for lwhich he should struggle to the last. It was a power whclht they should hare, but It was one which unquestionably they had not now by law. * " " He did not argue against the power, but aogainlst teusurpatlon of it. If the council htad the power to imprison her Majesty's subjects for a good purpose, hos, soon might the council, perhaps tot at preseat, but at a future time, use that power fUr a bad purpose? Their only safety was to leave their liberty secure, and that was lwhy he relrred to tite M1agna Charts. Whilst their liberty was trusted to Ithat charter It was secure, but when It was placed at the mercy of the council i htmigt not be, for it was very probable that the power might be abused. A little further on he says : " By Indictment would be the better way to proceed.- It could not be put an end to by prorogation, and by it every one could be made amenable to She law of the land, witholut trusting any assembly with such an empty and dangerous power as tihe power of imprison meot." They ought to have the power: he would give them the power, but pro tests against its exercise I. First it is "a proper and reasonable power," and the next moment itbecomes 'an empty and dangerous power." From this self contradictory style lho insensibl~;'slips into what Bentham has described as the hobgoblin argument : don't do what's right, lest you be led to do what's wrong; don't paro your nails, or you , will cut off your fingers; don't eat an : orange, that you may be secure from the consumption of a score, and safe from the cholera. We are no advocates for irresponsible power in any quarter : even when necessary, power should be given with great reserve. We know well that power is apt to be abused, and therefore it is wise in a people to take every guarantee that can be got. But still power must be delegated, and the power claimed by the legislature may be safely conceded since it has to surrender I its trust periodically,, and whenever its f customs or practices become oppressive to the subject, tlhe sulject can take care to send back representatives who will Sremedy the evil. Public opinion will, in time, correct all aberrations, and Sprevent the expansion of privilege as in Hansard's case. There was a time when privilege battled with prerogative, antd judicial autlhority was over-awed a by both. That amiable monster Henry SVIII. once threatened to cut off the speaker's head unless a particular bill Swas passed without delay ; but Queen Victoria does not send such messages. A gentleman named Floyd ridiculed the Electress Palatine, daughter of James II., and her hlusband, calling them by thle harmless names of Goodman Pal grave, and Goodwife Palgrave. The obsequious parliament of the spoiled pedagogue construed this into contempt, P and sentenced tile unfortunate wit " not , to bear arms as a gentleman-not to be a competent witness-to ride with his II face to.the horseo's tail-to stand in the D pillory--to be whipped at the cart tail- - to be fined £5000-to be perpetually n imprirned in Newgate." Tlle sentence ii was executed too. But would a prince o or parliament of the present day venture a thus to punish the most scandalous joke c on the highest personage in the realm ? One Mr. Moor was sent to the Tower for speaking out of season, and Sir William Widdrington and Sir Herbert Price were committed to the same place for bringing in candles against the r desire of the house. With a speaker a entertaining as high asense of privilege as he of 1626, and as touchy, we should like to know where.Mr. Attorney-Gen eral would often be found for speaking out of season, and exhausting . the pationce of people by his empty verbosi ties ? Mr. Smith well knows what he is about, and as he goes along kindly upsets what he had said before. After creating a phantom'ho called danger of abuse, he thus adroitly lays the ghost by showing that public opinion pnd the press are sure to shlly something at the I apparition which will make it molt into thin air. " He asked what would have happened in the I recent case of Sir. Mluwbray Morris, who, when summoned to the House of Commons, refused to nnswer certain questions which he considered would hbe breach of trUst? Did they think that if it had nut been Fur the pow erful check of public opinion In England. and for the press, that he would have been permitted to depart? No, lie would have had to hauvo os ercised that pluck which made him refuse to answer the questions by being committed to the custody of the sergeant-at.arms, and kept ill custody 'during the pleasure of this house.'" But to proceed: here is another I gem: SThe Hiouse of Commons thad power to commit for contempt by ntlclent usg autd 1 preseription. 'The legilative council had nerer Indl clam to this power. O tthe contrary. he fiund vestiges which proved that they never had tlht power. They could not give them selves power which they did not possess by statute. With reference to the standing ardtirs, the learned council declared that any member or other person wilfully interrupting thi orderly conduct of the business of the council should be guilty of contempt. Then, what wits the pe nalty It was a pecutlary one. and in default of payment (order e0) the person is committed i to tihe srgeant.uat*arms. This was not a punish tent for the contempt, but the commillal was a committal for default in payment of a pe nalty." Because the house chose to lay down I rules for its own guidance in a par- I ticular case, and especially when deal ing with its own component parts, therefore it did not possess a power essential to its existence I We cannot see the connection between the two. If Dr. Hampton had been a member of council, or gone there and disturbed the proceedings, Ihe mighthavofairly claimed t the benefit of the rule, so far as appli cable, but that is all. It seems the Attorney- General has a now species of representation in reserve, and may some day soon, embody it in a bill. It is to make all reluctant witnesses members of the house. We are not sure thlat that would open their mouths, for it is said, one may lead a horse to the water, but twenty cannot make him drink. Tihe scheme is at least novel :-"If any man was in pos session of facts, if he know anything of tile wants and necessities of the colonists, Ihe was the very best man to be elected I a member of council : but to tell him that any man should be subjected to imprisonment merely because he did not choose to disclose his opinion on matters in general, was a proposition which he was, and ever would con sider himself, bound to dispute." Judge Horne replied to the question 1 as to whether the judges in England " would give an opinion to parliament on the import of the law by referring to the case of the Canadian prisoners. We believe it is not unusual for the Bench formally to answer questions thus put. y We recollect that in 1840 Chief Justice Y Tindal delivered at the bar of the House of Lords the answers of the judges to certain questions, concerning tile Canadian Clergy IReserves. But the judges have unanimously and very ° properly refused to give or to explain their reasons for a decision. We now string together the choicest morsels, from which it will be seen that Y the Attorney- General is an adept at \- abuse, somewhat conceited, exceedingly self- laudatory, terribly severe on the 0 legislature and the press, while he, the personiflcation of all the virtues, magnanimously offers himself up as a u holocaust in that cause of spotless purity, " of whichl Dr. Hampton is the head. First Mr. Smith speaketh of the pub e lie, and then dlrops down upon thte press : "' There had been times when no man durst Stappear to argue the cause of those whlo had Sfallet undler the dilspletsre of tthe house, and lie asserted thte some spirit was now manifesting itself in this colony. Ueenuse in the discharge of his soared duty counsel dared to argue, as his t duty most unquestionably called upon him to Sdo. without fear. fatour,-oruafection, was he not hold up to public 'odium, to ridicule. nd di. 0 grace ? Odium I Such odium was glorious. r Disgraeel ,No." The counsel who would be pre Svented from doing his duty by inltimliation, such as that resorted to by low, rabid. unscru d Mr. Smith then speaketth of the Legis n lative Council, contemplates martyrdom, 0 and glorifies himself: " A secret tribunal-a conclave called the d Legislutie Coullil-if thoese pouer were cna y BRmed, mighto easily resolve thtt any one wao guilty of cutttempt, iuue a warrant, and its prison him without a trial. ide (thu Attorney 1 General) for lnstance, might bea one who woqli nobtaln tIhe cesuee of the house, for it wa0 not at all certaint but such a result might follow his . having dared to contest the claim or the house, e as that whtich followed a resolution of the Hiouse of Commons itself int England, when tihe walls of WeCtmintster Hall wore pIacurded, tIhreaten Yog tIe pnaltids of the hose Upot nty mom her of thte Ettglisht bar wito dared to defentd the parlies woht had iroukrcd their indigtatmlo .. laut the Indepeedent men of the baroF Eng. d tantd, who nlways playet on Ihonorable, upright part, and played it bravoly,.potwiltlrtandhtg the threats of ceorcion which wetro uosed,lltled not, as he hoped tihey evret.. would, In their duty . antd lieo fur bn, trusted I?e should itor?r digrace t the English bar In hls person." Mr. Smith finally congratulates him self on his own honeosty, conscientious- 1 ness, and independence, denqunces the t intimidationl to which ho had bioon exposed and -suggobts their Honors should road the noewpapers-with hise oyeglass : " lie land slaid that lo had done his duty, and I he had done it honestly and onscienltously, and o independently,as he trusted he always did Ilis duty as a counsel, and otal'y nbandonlng the true principles which should oversn a counsel in tile eercito of his duty in that profession to which lie had thae Ihonor to belong. It now renalned four their Honors to do their duty, aId he "need nbt tay, Ilt aed not ospresa the afull confidelce lo litd that they would do so. ntimildatlon had aven been retorted to," " ir. Justice lorno begged to say that lhe wasl not aware o fit." " The Attoreaoy.OGenral continued-'There had been such intimidation, buht it nlght beha that their Honors did lnot read tilh public news papers. Nevertheless, this liad unquestionably been so in those publicatons which had called upon tile country not to lheed the declsioa of i tlteir Honors. 'lhnot intimidation woulid not he eliectuol, but it tended to a direct collision between the legislature and the official benlch. 'OThe Ignorance of the parties to this could only I be equalled by their Insolence.'l We do not doubt the courage of Mr. 1 Smith; he will go as far as most men, if there is anything to be got by it. But we will wager the solo remaining vane on our gooesquill against any amount that may be staked that our Curtius, if brought to the chasm when his entombment would secure the pub lie good, would leap back ; unless, indeed, there was a fee on the other side, and then he might spring across the yawning rent. We really regret that Mr. Justice Horne unintentionally, but unfortunately for the effect, inter rupted Mr. Smith with such a common place interpollation as that ho was not aware of intimidation. It was taking the wind out the sails of the orator blowing away the poetry from the falsity -" Alh, your Honors," said tlteAttor ney-General, "You don't read-the news papers, or you would be finely intimni dated." There has been about. the same amount of intimidation by the press as that offered by Mr. Pickwick in court, and the same use has been made of it. On the whole we prefer the learned Sergeant's speech to Mr. Smith's, though we must own the Attorney - General has studied the manner and style of the Guildhall practitioner to some purpose. That our readers may judge for themselves, we place both before them : " I say ystematlic lllany. gentlemen,"m'id Sergeant lruefus, looking through air. Pick wick and talking at him ; "and when I say a)s. tematlc etlliany, let me tell the defendant Pickwick, if he be in court, as I am informed lie is, that it would have been nmore decent In him, more becoming, int better judgment and in better tate, if he aind stopped away. Let me tell him, gentlemen, that any gestures ofndssena or disapprobation n which he rnay indulge in this court will not go down with you; that you will know how to valuaand how to appreciate them ; and let me tell him, further, as my lord will tell you. gentlemen, that a counsel it the discharge of his duty to hie client Is neither to be intilmidated, nor bullied. nor put down, and that any attempt to do either the one or the other, or tie first or the last, will recoil on the head of the attempter be he plaintiff or defen dant, be his name P'ickwick, or Noaks. or Stoaks, or Stiles, or Brown, or Thompson." The members of the House of Com mons cannot examine upon oath,: though judges of their own privileges they cannot make new ones, and while they may commit for contempt, their power terminates with the session, and they cannot, like the House of Lords, fine and imprison at their pleasure. A writer in the Edinburgh Review, who com batted with much ability the assumed right of the House of Commons to sell libels, thus incidentally enumerates its powers and privileges :-" Every one admits at once that whatever is neces sary for enabling the Commons House to perform it functions must be conceded to it, and liberally conceded, without captiously quarrelling about little matters. To exercise its inquisitorial office it mast have large powers to be summarily and unhesitatingly used. Breaking open doors ; seizing papers; compelling attendance ; forcing answers to questions by terror of imprisonment ; all these are high authorities, grievous, too, in 'their abuse, and not unlikely to be abused. Yet all these powers are allowed the Commons without grudging, because without them the inquisitorial functions must be paralysed. It may also be admitted that offences committed against their privileges should be visited witlh, summary punishment by tte House itself ; in order that the speedy infliction without waiting for the sloweo course of common law, may operate to deter offenders, and more effectually to prevent obstruction. These privileges are only allowed because without them the functions of the house could not be duly performed. ' . . . That the SHolises of Parliament should have powers ofh acting beyond their own walls, and by agents whom their orderb will protect from legal process; is, to a certain extent, necessary.; and those powers exceed any possessed by tlthe crown. Thitus the Queen catni neither order an arrest for a contempt, nor cause men's houses to be brokeni open and searched for papers, nor direct persons who have offended hier to be summarily punished. Why is this ? Manifestly because tihe crown has no functions to perform, like those of the -houses, which make it necessary that they should enjoy such extraordinary powers. The Queen is sufieiently protected and aided in her functions by the ordinary operaition of thie law." 