dentist) iSxtracts. " Hard Service-A correspondent of the Glasgow Daily Mail, writing from the Crimea, says, " Were you to see the 93d now marching through Glasgow, you would suppose them to be a parcel of madmen let loose, for not two men are dressed alike, and some have no dress at all, unshaven, and often for a week unwashed. I, for instances go about in a blanket made into a sort of coat, with a hood to it, red Turkish fez, large boot, over roy trousers covered with mud, un- shaven for the last three months. I often think of what a fine figure I would cut at your fireside." Snow Storms on the American Prairie Railways. You will receive in the various journals almost incredible accounts of the effects of snow upon the railroads crossing the great prairie of Illinois. The winds howl over it with even less broken force than over the ocean, for there are no crests of waves to be gathered in their hands and carried with them to retard their progress. The snow, which has this winter fallen in most unusual quantities, has been piled in solid masses along the railroad lines, sometimes 15 or 20 feet in height. The deadly cold has frozen the water in the tanks, so that the exhausted engines, left in the middle of these prairies without water, found themselves unable to drag the trains through the snow and thus in several detached places passengers were shipwrecked, far from human habitation or possibly of human aid. In one case we are told that three cars were split to pieces and burnt to keep warmth in the body, and dogs killed and eaten for food before aid was rendered. Our western friends will learn from experience (this is the first winter of the rail over these great prairies), and it is not likely that such an accident will occur again New York Correspondent of the Times. A correspondent of the Post relates a conversation he had with some navvies at Balaklava : -" a Well,' I said to a number of them, 1 we are glad to see you here, and I hope your health will not suffer.' 'Oh ! no, sir, no fear, we is used to this here work and just now, sir, there's only one thing we wants to make 99 quite happy.' And what is that V I asked. " Why, sir, as how we should like to drink your good health in a bottle of porter, as we hunt lasted a drop all this here blessed day. I told them that they must be joking that I had my canvas house on the heights, where we were too glad to get a little rum and pork ; but as for porter, we had almost forgotten what it was like, in fact, I said, whenever you meet me you ought to pity instead of joke me. At this they laughed heartily. I gave a smile by way of adieu, and off I rode. Near the well I had another chat with the navvies, and again they wished to drink my health." The Invalide Russe publishes the regula- tion preparing by the Directing Senate, and ratified by the Czar, for the organization of the "Imperial Mobile Militia," as the new corps decreed in the recent manifesto is to be called. The ordinance is divided into nine sections and ninety-seven paragraphs, and in the original fills seven folio columns. The first clause of the document declares that the corps is raised for temporary service, in defence of the faith, the throne, and the father- land. It is enacted that exemptions from military service hitherto permitted, shall not apply in the present case, but that whoever is liable to the capitation tax, or its equivalent, shall be liable to be called upon to serve in this corps. Merchants, Jews, and foreign colonists, who have been encouraged to set- tle in Russia, and received grants of land from the crown, are excepted. The corps will be divided into battalions or druschines, each consisting of four companies. Each druschine is to be commanded by a staff officer, and to have four captains and a staff captain, 1000 sub-officers and soldiers, and eighteen musicians. In order to hasten the formation of the corps, a gubernial militia committee is to be formed in every government, and within fourteen days after receipt of the manifesto, the nobles are to assemble and appoint the rendezvous of the several battalions, and make arrangements for their supply and equipment. To meet the expenses of the new corps, special voluntary subscriptions are to be made, for which the committees will open lists, and to which all persons are summoned to contribute. The subjects of the Emperor are adjured by their love of their country to make sacrifices correspond- ing to the occasion, and it is announced that the names and subscriptions of all persons will be published. The nobles, as soon as they have deliberated according to the directions foregoing, are to repair to their several localities, and exert themselves in forwarding the enrolment. The soldiers must not be younger than twenty, nor older than forty five years of age. In the formation of companies, inhabitants of the same village are to be kept together as far as possible. Those who have no firearms of their own are to be furnished with a musket and a bayonet. The employment of the mill is to be at the pleasure of the Czar, and upon the termina- tion of the war all persons serving in the corps will be allowed to go back to their homes. Should any fall in battle, their families will receive a certificate absolving them from obligation to furnish a recruit at the next levy. The Russian Palace at Constanti- nople. The Russian embassy at Constantinople has now been definitely converted into a French hospital. This vast edifice, which forms the most striking object on the northern side of the Golden Horn, and was built in pursuance of Muscovite policy, to impose on the minds of the Turks and of their Christian subjects, is now thrown open to the world, after remaining in silence and darkness from the day when Menschikoff quitted the Turkish shores. The large gates are wide open, and a crowd gathers round the sentries to look into the portals, which are still regarded with the accustomed awe. Through the wide passages the nimble French soldiers may be seen everywhere hastening to and fro, preparing for the advent of their sick countrymen or the wounded whom they almost hope will be sent before the month is out. Great care has been taken to injure nothing. The furniture has been carefully covered, and removed to three small rooms The most valuable articles, such as portraits and timepieces, were taken away at the time the ambassador left. - Constantinople Correspondent of the Times. Sleighing at New York New York is now enjoying its carnival. The piercing cold weather of the early part of last week (February 18) was followed by a fall of snow to the depth of two feet. Large open sleighs (sledges they are called in England) capable of holding 50 to 60 persons, have taken the place of Omnibusses. Broadway is filled with these large vehicles passing up and down, the horses covered with jingling bells, the people inside shouting, singing, hurrah- ing, incapable of restraining their animal spirits, even if the effort were made. Every private carriage also is turned into a graceful sledge, from the back of which hang beautiful skins of every hue, the inside lined in the same rich manner; and when in a sunshiny afternoon, all turn out for the " sleigh ride, I doubt whether a gayer sight can be seen in the world. The public conveyances resort to expedients for amusement that would do honor to a Roman carnival. I saw one yesterday going and returning, with a hand organ grinding alternate polkas and " Hail Columbia," to the infinite delight of an over-crowded company. New York Correspondent of the Times. Cricket The game of cricket is less open to objection, perhaps, in a moral point of view, than almost any other of our British pastimes and it is with considerable satisfaction that we witness every recurrent sea- son the gradual and increasing progress of the game throughout the United Kingdom. The two clubs of the All England Elevens, coupled with the exertions of the noblemen and gentlemen at head- quarters in the metropolis, Lord's, have done much to spread a desire for the cultivation of this manly and really elegant art. How different is the aspect of a company assembled in a cricket field to those assemblages which attend pedestrian matches and prize fights. A vast deal is not now thought of the former for reasons of the most unqualified nature; and with respect to the latter, they are happily fast falling into disuse, and the sooner the better, for what is termed the manly art of self-defence is merely a cover for the enact- ment of scenes of the most disgraceful character by the lowest and most degraded class of society.- Era. Fancy. Fancy runs most furiously when a guilty conscience drives it. One that owed much money, and had many creditors, as he walked London streets in the evening, a tenterhooks caught in his cloak. " At whose suit ?" said he, conceiving some bailiff had arrested him. Thus guilty consciences are afraid where no fear is, and count every creature they meet as a sergeant sent to punish them. A letter from the Crimea, received via Odessa, states that Prince Menschikoff had been compelled to keep on the defensive, notwithstanding the formal orders which he had received to attack the Allies, in consequence of the bad condition of his army. This explains how the Allies have been able to increase their means of attack and defence without being much disturbed by the Russians. Miss Nightingale's Nurses at Scutari. -At the monthly (December) meeting of the Society for Promoting Christian Know- ledge, Mr. T. B. Murray read a letter he had received from Mr. C. H. Bracebridge, who reached Scutari towards the close of last month. He says, " They (the nurses are well lodged in an angle of this great building, (Scutari Hospital), one of two noble barracks, a quarter of a mile apart, on a fine eminence at the end of the Scutari suburb. The soldiers, by the united testimony of doctors, chaplains, commandant, and from what I could see myself in the ward, want for nothing. The water, bread, meat, and air, are excellent. 1,400 are here, and from 1,000 to 1,100 in the other hospital." State of the River Thames on Friday. -The river about Greenwich was much covered with ice : the navigation is completely stopped. The masters of the vessels frozen up in the tiers, between the Custom House and the Pool, have adopted every precaution, in laying out extra mooring chains, in case of the ice breaking away the corporation mooring chains. In many parts of the river below the bridge the ice has set in so firm between the shore and the vessels moored near mid-stream, that the crews walk to and from their vessels to the shore. All the labourers along shore are thrown out of employment, and great distress prevails. Southampton Water was almost covered with floating ice on Thursday. A brig, in coming down from Ealing, at the top of Southampton Water, had a hole knocked in her while ploughing through the masses of ice, and was in danger of sinking. The boats in the stream had to be guarded from the ice by hurdles placed at the bows. In Southampton Docks scores of mullet were caught with the hand and in hand nets. They floated about by hundreds on the surface, alive, but perfectly helpless, being be- numbed by the intense cold Weekly Times, February 18. Fatal Shipwreck in Dublin Bayston Thursday night, it is supposed shortly after twelve o'clock, when the terrible drifts of wind and sleet were at their fiercest, the Will-o'-the-Wisp, a screw steamer of between 450 and 500 tons burthen, struck on a reef about 300 yards from the main portion of Lambay Island, known as the Burren Rock, and in a very short time must have become a total wreck. The vessel was first observed at daybreak from the coast-guard station at Portland. She was then lying with her masts over the side, and appeared to be rapidly going to pieces. The strong sea running at the time precluded all possibility of assistance, even had any symptoms of life been visible on board ; but there is good reason for believing that all hands had by this time perished. The passengers whose names were known were-Captain Jackson, of the James, of Maryport, and his wife and Captain Scott, of the Palmer, of Mary- port, which vessels are now lying in the river Liffey. A melancholy fact was added - namely, that both these masters were returning to Dublin after attending the funeral obsequies of their nearest relatives Captain Jackson of his sister, and Captain Scott of his wife.- Globe, Feb. 13. The Deer and the Turtle The Canada Freeholder relates the following hunting incident as an absolute fact. There are some curious things that happen in the ordinary routine of life : " As two hunters were hunt- ing on the banks of the River Nation, near Crysler's Mills, their dog pressed close on a deer, which took the river, where the hunters pursued it in a canoe. On approaching the animal, they were surprised to perceive it struggling desperately, being every now and then jerked suddenly under water. The hunters immediately approached, and with the aid of others at hand dragged the deer into the canoe, when to the astonishment of all present, a large turtle, weighing 40 lb., was found firmly fastened to the tail of the deer, which would have undoubtedly been shortly drowned by its amphibious assailant. The turtle retained its grip for upwards of two hours after the deer had been killed. This extraordinary circumstance is attested by several witnesses." The Mint. The operations of the Sydney Branch of the Royal Mint are now in active progress. The quantity of gold dust received for coinage since the opening of the establishment, on (the 14th ultimo, until to-day, is 16,833 ounces. During the week ending to-day the quantity received was 4154 ounces. The process of coinage is progressing rapidly, and Australian sovereigns and half-sovereigns may be expected to be in circulation within the next fortnights M. Herald, June 2. Something! Newin Electricity Among the most startling wonders in connexion with electricity, is the announcement that M. Benefit, of Turin, has invented a new electric telegraph, by which trains in motion on a railway are enabled to communicate with each other at all rates of velocity, and, at the same time, with the telegraphic stations on the line; while the latter are, at the same time, able to communicate with the trains. It is added, that M. Bonelli is in possession of a system of telegraphic communication, by which wires are entirely dispensed with. The Court of Directors of the East India Company have invited a distinguished party to meet at dinner, on Saturday next, at the London Tavern, Major-General Vivian and the officers of the Turkish contingent about to take their departure for the East. The seventh company of the battalion of firemen of Paris left on Thursday night, by the Lyons Railway, for Toulon, where it is to embark for Constantinople. The company consists of a captain, a lieutenant, a sub- lieutenant, ten non-commissioned officers, sixteen corporals, seventy firemen, and four buglers. A very important military measure has just been decided on by the French Government. It is well known that the third battalion of each of the hundred regiments of infantry of the French army forms the depot, and that it consists of the two companies of picked men-one of grenadiers, the other the light infantry company. These two hundred companies are about to be raised to one hundred men each. The 20,000 men d'elite thus obtained are to be sent to Paris, and are to form two divisions of 10,000 men each one of grenadiers, the other of light infantry. It is announced also that the division of Bomarsund, which, since its return from the Baltic, has been stationed at Cherbourg, Rouen, Amiens, and other towns in the north, is to join the army of Paris, and to form the nucleus of the camp at St. Maur, the intended establishment of which we have already mentioned. Mazzini in Rome The Echo du Mont Blanc relates the following anecdote, given in a letter from Rome "Mazzini profited by the arrival in the capital of the Christian world of a great number of prelates to introduce himself there under an episcopal disguise. In spite, however, of all his precautions he was recognised and pointed out to the police ; but the head of that administration, either through that weakness which is the characteristic of the employés of Italian Governments, who disgracefully traffic with all parties, or because he belonged to a secret society, or again from a fear of being stabbed for performing his duty faithfully, tolerated the residence of this dangerous person at Rome, without pointing the fact out in the proper quarter. This chief of the police was arrested on the 12th for having acted in that manner." The Paris Universe says-" We receive from London a piece of intelligence of considerable importance to the Catholics of England, namely, that the Holy See is about to give a coadjutor to his Eminence the Cardinal-Archbishop of Westminster. The health of Cardinal Wiseman, which, we grieve to say, is gravely affected, will not permit his eminence to remain any longer without an assistant." A few days since one of the steamers on the Rhone landed, at Lyons, a young Turkish lady, said to be very beautiful. She is the wife of a personage who occupies a high post in the councils of the Sultan, and is on her way to Paris, to place herself under the care of an oculist, having been attacked with incipient blind ness. She is attended by three females and an old servant, as well as by an interpreter, A carriage was taken exclusively for them on the railway. A Prussian nobleman made a marriage at Gretna Green some time ago with a dan- sense. He has lately wanted to be off the bargain, but after the usual appeals from one tribunal to the next above, the Supreme Court of Appeal at Berlin have just decided that the marriage was perfectly legal. The Times eulogizes the bravery and talent of Brigadier Mayne, HiG.G.S., of the 7th Native Infantry, and suggests that such men as him are wanted in the Crimea. " Up to this point he appears to have walked in the steps of Clive and Arthur Wellesley. Let him have a trial." Two gentlemen residing at Cork, on terms of great intimacy, were recently set at loggerheads by a mischievous acquaintance, and a duel was decided on. The parties met both fired their pistols into the air, and had an amicable conversation, the result of which was, that they both set to send drubbed the man who had meddled. Shortly after the Marco Polo left Liverpool on her last outward voyage, a " stowaway was found on board. Fortunately for him, a cabin passenger who had left his friends " in a buff," changed his mind, gave the " stowaway" his berth, and returned to Liverpool by the tug-steamers. The name of M. Wittorff, of Paris, is to be recommended to her Majesty this year, by the Royal Institute of British Architects, for the honour of receiving the Royal Gold Medal of the Institute. Twice previously have foreign architects received the medal : the Cavaliere Canina, of Rome, and the Baron de Klenze, of Munich. An experiment was made a few days ago by a party of pioneers, under the direction of two engineer officers, to blast with gunpowder the ice on the Rhine, near Coblentz, which in some places was not less than fourteen feet thick. The experiment was perfectly successful The explosion caused the ice to break up to a great extent, and the current being strong soon carried the pieces away. Why the wedding-ring is Placed on the Fourth Finger We have remarked on the vulgar error of a vein going from the fourth finger of the left hand to the heart. It is said by Swinburn and others that, therefore, it became the wedding-finger. The priesthood kept up this idea by still keeping it as the wedding finger, but it was got at through the use of the Trinity for, in the ancient ritual of English marriages, the ring was placed by the husband on the top of the thumb of the left hand, with the words, "In the name of the Father;" he then removed it to the forefinger, saying, " In the name of the Son ;" then to the middle finger, adding, And of the Holy Ghost; finally he left it, as now, on the fourth finger, with the closing word " Amen." The History and Poetry of Finger-rings. Horrible Death at Hull. On Monday afternoon last, an aged man, employed in a soap manufactory at Hull, met with one of the most horrible of deaths ; while at work with another man, manufacturing soap, the poor fellow accidentally overbalanced himself and fell into the boiler. The boiler was about four or five feet in depth, and, as it was filled with soap at the time of the fatality, the deceased died instantly. When taken out he presented an awful appearance, the boiling soap having removed the skin from his face, hands, and other parts of his body. Deceased, whose name is Hausome, had been employed at Messrs. Foster and Son's soap manufactory, where the accident occurred, upwards of twenty years. The Limerick Chronicle states that the roads and bye-ways in Limerick have been covered with birds, dead and dying, from the cold and the want of their usual food. Prince Toblonia's Wife The last of the Colonna, after a fruitless union of fourteen years, is now daily expecting an heir, and the prince, to show his joy, has proclaimed that he will give 100 crowns (£215) to every child in Rome, rich or poor, born on the same day. 