THE FIRST AND THE LAST SMILE. Eve, the mother of all living, bare with Sor row her second son. Like the dumb be&sts; of the field, and without signs of human sense, the new-horn babe lay ia her bosom ; the voice of his weeping and his sucking lips being the only marks of his faint life. " Alas!" said the mother to tho father of the hoy, " I must not only in sorrow bear chil dren, but also bring them up in sorrow. No ray of joy brightens the dark nights which I spend watching over him. The look of Cain is dark and gloomy, and he wanders before us like the image of onr transgression ; and from this child I hear only the voice of wailing, or see him laying without a mark of human life ; his soul is like an undeveloped leaf, which dies in the bud. Happier than man are the beasts of the field and the fowls of the a'f. Doth not the Iamb skip about its mother, and the young chicken take refuge under the wing of the hen ? Alas ! the beasts of the field reproach us with our sin when we look on them." Thus she spoke, and called the boy Abel, that is, when interpreted, ' Sorrowful," and sho mourned over him for a month. But Adam -said — "Weep not, mother; the Lord will do all things well, and have mercy upon us." And Jehovah had mercy on the weeping mother. The angel of Paradise approached invisibly, and touched the lips of the babe on the lap of the sorrowing mother. Then the boy opened his tender lips, and a dimple ap peared in his cheeks, the ray of the first smile shone on his countenance,- and his eyes looked up to his mother. Now the mother arose with tears of joy, colled the father and gave him the child; and' the babe looked also at his father, smiling the second time. The father lifted up his voice, and said — " Blessed be the name of the Lord ; He hath turned our sorrow into joy. He hath exalted our child above the beasts of the field, which bend their head to the ground, and their coun tenance is void of expression. But the face of the child is become like that of the messenger of the Lord, and like the countenance of Eve when joy and gratitude fill her heart ; blessed are we, for our eyes have seen the sign of the Lord, and Abel is a living soul. Hath it not passed over the countenance ofthe child like sis when the breath of spring reneweth the face ' of the earth ? Blessed be the day when the Lord looked in mercy on our child ; His name- be blessed for evermore." Thus said Adam, and caressed the child. ; And Eve tended the child, and said---" I . have seen the sign of God on the child, there fore will I watch over bim with care." And the boy increased in grace and wisdom, &nd; Adam gave him a flock to keep; the flock became numerous in his keeping, and the lambs loved the youth, for Abel was kind, and feared : God. Then Cain was wroth, and conceived eh vy and malice in his heart, because that Jehovah was with Abel ; for Cain's heart was evil from hie youth, and the Lord was not with him. On the day of his birth Abel made a sacri- ' fice to the Lord, and brought of the first fruits of his flock, and his heart was full of joy and gratitude. But Cain was wroth with his bro ther, and hii countenance, fell, and he smote his brother Abel on the head, that he sank' to the ground ; then Cain laughed him to scorn, ai d left him in his blood. Now the father and the tootbef of the youth came and found him slain, and Eve bent over, him and wept sore. But Abel raised his bleed ing head, turned his eyes towards his weeping parents, and a sweet smile played on ' his lips. Then he bowed his head and gave up the ghost, and the countenance of the dead was placid and calm. Then Eve lifted up her voice, and said — "Oh. such-wak his look when -for -the first fame he smiled on my lap. If such is death, Adam, oh then the death of the . righteous is only the passing away to a new and better life." Thus spake the mother of a'l living, and both parents wept sore, and laid the body of Abel in the ground. The lambs, mourned for their shepherd, and on his .grave bloomed the flowers of the field. A Bit of Romance.— Five or six years ago a rich Louisiana planter died, leaving an only heir, a daughter, who was not quite seventeen years old. She, together with her fortune, was placed in the charge of a guardian," who was distantly related to the family. Her for tune, and her remarkable beauty, attracted the at tention of many suitors, among whom was an accomplished young mail from St; Louis, whose only wealth was his profession. His handsome person and fascinating manners won the lady's affections, and, without the know ledge of her guardian, they we-e privately married. . Shortly afterwards they moved to St. Louis, where they lived together happily for a time; and a bright future seemed to be before them. At the expiration of a year, the lady having attained her majority, they returned to New Orleans to claim her fortune and live in the splendid old family mansion. They were Boldly received by the occupant, who delibe rately informed them that the estate had passed into other hands. They at once applied to the law for redress, and going through the : protracted formalities' of two or three useless suits, they were left penniless, and obliged to abandon the cose. Friendless and dispirited, they returned to St. Louis, where the husband, like many other husbands, tried to drown the remembrance of his disappointment in the fatal cup. His wife entreated and admonished in vain. A separation was the consequence, and the husband became more reckless and dissipated than ever. Driven at last to despe ration, the wife applied for a divorce, obtained it, and retired to a convent. This restored the wretched man to his senses ; he abandoned his former associates, returned to the paths of virtue, and became an industrious and respect able citizen. A few months ago the lady received « letter from the son of her former guardian, informing hot of his father's death, of his inheritance of the estate, and of his de termination to make full restoration, closing with an appeal to her to forgive bis misguided parent, and to come to New Orleans and enjoy her fortune. She at once complied with the generous request ; and all her inheritance, together with the accumulated interest, was restored to her. — Cleveland Leader. A coloured woman has just died in 'the Morris county poor-house, who attained the great age ot one hundred and fifteen years. When a child she was stolen from Africa, and recollected that the slave catchers took the jewels from her ear. She was first brought to South Carolina, and from thence was : brought toNew Jersey, where, f. r a time, she was owned as a slave. Fi-ur generations of her. descendant s were present at her funeral. The dead and living make Ave generation!. 