DIALOGUES OF THE DAY. n. A G ENBRA- CONVERSATION. Scene Dawe' Point. Enter liners. Queen and Spong's. QUOIN. Ah ! it is something-and not a something to be laughed at either-if we merely get out of that drench of dust which Is summoning it about the streets. Oh ! dear-here's down to it. SPONGE. Ay, lie down, lying suits your shape best. it-Yes ! at the foot of the ramparts behind which we are gallantly entrenching ourselves. Perhaps, Sponge, you and I may be at the defending of Sydney. SPO. Not, I trust, with those guns that are resting in their rusty and peaceful slumbers by you wall. Qu -And why not, good Sponge r SPO. Because, from their appearance, I should he afraid that, in sponging and firing them, their breeches might come off, and oh ! my-that would expose Que Come, now, no broad remarks or narrow puns. SPO. Well, I was merely to say, it would expose the second-hand allowance of the Opposition, and the take-anyihing-they-can-get spirit of the Government ; why some of the guns are nearly honey-combed, and the letters G.R. upon them are on some nearly illegible ; the worms have eaten majesty, and the rest the name of majesty. I suppose, Queen, you'll be eaten some day. ' Queen dare say also, Mr. Sponge, something less than an ostrich might digest you. SPO. Well, well, we may at least find something better to talk about for however true it may be, yet it is no less horrible to know that those whom we love and cherish, with whom we speak and do business to whom we had in the streets, or lead by the hand in the ball-room, or along with whom we laugh at the best in the theatre, or pray beside in the church, was saying, Queen, why confound you, you've asleep. Yes-No, I'm not I was merely taking it all in, with my eyes shut, u they say to babies open your mouth and shut your eyes, &c.;, SHOW-The, that all those should depart from us when they have said their mortal say, and he given into the tender mercies of the rotting earth that the strong hand, the wise head, and the red cheeks and bright eyes must become the prescribed diet of Queen mercy hold your peace, why man, when you begin with your morals upon worms and graves, you get a tiresome u the " Land Question, or the Scab Act," and so disgusting, you know we are to dine in an hour's time. SPOOn ! Queen you have no soul for reflection. Yes-No, but I've a tongue for talking, and that according to all appearances and reports is quite a good if not better, SPO. Talk away then. Qu. From where I am lying how beautifully the balls from this battery would ricochet down the harbour. SPO. And how beautifully some might ricochet up again to where you are lying with your hat down on your nose. Qu. Sponge, what do you think of this plan of fortification ? Sport is a hard matter, although many think differently, for one to give an opinion on such an intricate subject u fortifying, it not being his profession: but, speaking modestly, I should fancy any engineer officer defending a town would begin from the town as a centre, and cast his works up outwards not begin at the outworks first, and carry on inwards At least I think they have done so at Sebastopol, and that is rather a practical lesson for us. Queens it not amusing to see how many a man, who can scarcely manage, and never mind his own private business, when the question is national will hold himself to be a Themistocles who " could not play upon a flute, but who could make a small town a great state " SPOIL was, indeed, funny; why we could not have had a greater waste of paper upon plans of defence had we intended to do the town in the style of the hundred-gated Thebes, or old Nineveh, with its sixty miles of wall, instead of the modern fashion of earthen mounds and trenches. Qu. Really there was one gentleman who actually wished to clamber into Middle Head and blow any attempt at invasion into the middle of futurity by nothing less than a second gunpowder plot. The Russians, or whoever they might be who would have suffered from this bore would have burned the effigy of the inventor as a nineteenth century Guy Fawkes. SPOT think that proposal was merely a joke ; but there was another gentleman who in stern truth was going to sink but we won't say anything about that. Qu. Would you think it, Sponge, that I had a plan to send in-but you know I am so diffident that had it not been for this conversation, my plan like a good many of the beats of genius would have died still born. SPO "Come then let us have it, but be not extravagant in your method or you will be excommunicated with bell, book, and candle by political economy. Quantrell, then, suppose a hostile squadron is off the Heads, that's granted. SPOT grant you that-but you must keep them off, there's no grant for them to come in. Qu. Then listen. We must choose from among our statesmen twelve men-or say six fathers don't think we could muster twelve, " good men and true;" safe to be trusted in a the Sacred Band of the Thebacs. SPO. Now, what nonsense are you beginning? Qu -No nonsense I am simply going to show you where our Greatest strength lies. Those six worthies are to be clad in white robes trimmed with red tape, and on their heads caps made of official manuscript, every one bearing in his hand a black bottle (full or empty, as the bearer chooses) as a sign of office. They are then to be shipped off and sent a envoys to the commander of the enemy. When they have reached the ship, and been received on board with all the distinction due to ambassadors ; the leader with a loud voice and suitable delivery, shall read a challenge written on parchment to this Count Snatchemoff or Kickemoff, or any any else who wanted to take us off. SPO. Leave off your quibbling, Qu. That will do a well and the purport of the challenge>hall be That the great and valorous city of Sydney, finding that a mighty power has come against her, proffers the same armament battle upon certain terms. Then the terms shall be enforced with a still louder voice, and mere commanding air, namely, first, From the city shall be chosen so many men, and also the same number from the fleet of the enemy, according to the pleasure of their commander. Secondly, those men shall be placed in a spot by themselves without and weapons excepting those we use against ourselves ; abundance of all kinds of liquors. And, thirdly, they shall set to at a given signal, and for twelve hours drink glass for glass in deadly combat, and at the end of that time, whichever party shows the most who can lift their plans for a cheer of victory, wins the town. I'm certain the Sydneyites would conquer in this kind of conflict, and if we were at all apprehensive, why ° we might get some men from Melbourne able to drink a table off its legs. The notion is not exactly original, for you will remember the story of the Dane who carried a whistle with him, and challenged all Scotland to drink, the whistle being the trophy of him who could blow it out. Broadcast my dear fellow suppose the Russian or whatever foe he was, would not agree to this kind of combat. - . - ' Queen that she your envoys must do as Dogberry told the watch to do with the rioters,-" If they make you no better answer, you may say, they are north, men you took them forthwith to leave them. PO. But then if they would not leave you ? Howell, I never thought of that. Bresland also, admitting the drinking contest with agreed upon, who, pray, is to pay for the liquor. Quail never thought of that either. - - , 80\. My friend you grow stupid in beginnings subject without seeing its objections and the end of Quit am not different is that from most of our leading men. Trenwith an assertion a man should ever since the proof in his right hand. Explain, redoubtable Queen. Qu. Why, for instance, in oratory. SPO. That is no explanation. Quelch! other. Look you: Now-a-days won a man has been about fifteen or twenty years in what is called business, and made some money, he came to himself-" Soul take thine ease," and become a deep lative soul, whereupon he gets a seat handed to him, and as a ruler in Israel. Good. Now this man, who has been a butcher, or baker, or grocer, or soldier, or sailor or anything else, has given his previous fifteen or twenty years' attention solely to his private concerns, of leads the public only by the newspapers. Fixed, mark you, with a laudable desire to shine at an orator for the itch of speech-making is even more catching than the " cacoethes scribendi," our member, after reading all the speeches of the most approved speak! without thinking of the time and study spent on his learning how, and seeing them so simple and apparently so easy, which is the quicksand and the beauty of all writing or speaking, I gay our friend, Stat the education of an orator, rushes out as a racing Demosthenes. Speedwell, Demosthenes sucked. Qu.-Yes-a stone and could our moderns be per. availed not to be weaned from stones too soon, and talk to the waves more and longer, they would thrive better among men, nor find in a reporter a stumbling, block, and in photography foolishness 1 Sir-There you mean to say that a man to be an orator or a legislator, must be educated for it, n for any other business. He Certainly, self-educated; for a man will find that after he has done butchering, bakeries, soldiering or sailoring, it is no easy matter to become an orator, or a man for the nation unless during the time of his previous employment, he had gone far into the small hours of the night with study to temper his mind and fit it for the more noble work. There was an old Greek, I forget his name, but a wise old fellow he was, who said. " To become an orator meaning by that a political leader-a man must know the soul, and to know the soul a man must know the uni verse." SPO. Oh ! Quorn, Quoit, you would be laughed at and held as a theorist if you made so much knowledge requisite for our parliament. Quiet them laugh.letthemlaugb,still is the truth no less true A recklessness of assertion is a weed which want of knowledge fattens to a filthy degree, and in no less a degree does the " knowledge of the universe" that the Greek spoke of, crop and root it up. An ignorant or conceited man will make any assertion, thinking his fellow men will know no better than what he says, thereby getting into all kinds of squabbles with his compeers and the press, and also laying himself open to every attack; whereas a man who has made his wish to be-hit study in becoming an orator, never asserts except what he can thoroughly prove in his own behalf, although he may magnify a keeps close, never plays lose, holds his opponent always at sword point, completely within care and fierce : never making a threat but what will go home, or waste the strength of his adversaries in carrying it. Sro But a short time since the very cause of this discourse of yours upon oratory was your own want of ability to finish a plan or assertion. Qu.-Yes-but recollect, I am no orator, but merely a talker. Of the latter the utmost that is required is to know when to hold his tongue, of the former to know when and how to speak. SPCA reasoner would say that you have made a distinction without a difference, for one to know when to hold his tongue is to know when to speak. Qu "Well, to show you I follow my own precept here I hold my tongue. Come, let us go - the chirrup of those crickets and locusts has made at sleepy : get up and come. SPO. This is the most delightful part of the day, with the sun just edging on the Blue Mountains. There is so much calm and gentleness about it, that it seems the type of the farewell of a well-spent lift; it's duty done, with nothing to regret, but trusting in another dawn it sets behind the horizon of men's eyes to rise a brighter sun in a brighter sky. Outcome, don't you get in among churchyards and graves again, or else I shall have you turn into I ghost before we get up George-street,-Exeunt. D.P. I 