I WAR THOUGHTS. [Addressed to that multitude of noble-minded persons in New South Wales who have so muniSccmly contributed to the " Patriotic Fund."] No. III. THERE is a kingdom by the Western sea W free white cliffs looming through the wreathed storm Lean o'er the tide recognizance to France, And on their lofty brows the impress bear Of lordly will, and liberty august A kingdom, Whose dominion hath spanned like light The furthest limits of terrestrial space. And woke world-wide the spirit of the free ! Far, from those sultry confines of the sun Which gird creation with their belts of fire Far from those Austral mcadB, whose changeless. year Laughs in the balmy alliance of spring And far from out the cold and starry morn And sunless noon, or hyrjerboroan skies Comes forth the value of peoples and of states, And nascent nations syringing from its loins ! IjirEnrAi, ENGLAND are OMAT FATiiEnivïND I Bom of the ocean, round thy stately coasts Lash the eternal billows, and in sullen roar Chant forth their homage to the rustling winds. Proud in the calm of forty teeming years Concentered commerce from a hundred crimes Around thy ports, pacifically flowed And dipped it's motley blazon to .' St. George's Cross P» . But now, the breath of war, Hot from the nostrils of ten thousand guns Smiles with it's blighting course, one half the world And shrouds in black- coated battle smoke and mist The lambent brow of olive-crowning peace I As when the storm king with expanded wing Tumbling the broad billows into foam- dlsplays, Wide o'er the crested deep, the plain of the sea So-quick at the spur of war, o'er England's realm, Dance the proud plumes, and champ the neighing steeds t Again the ambitious frenzy of the fight Tumultuous gleamed on the straining eye, And Europe, ringing with the Cossack's tread. Beholds front off his icy throne, come down The modern Attila I-But mark you how A He is in his mouth, and on his sing The Lodge of Truth, becomes a blasphemy A ruthless robber-symbol- NAZARETH 1 Swift, like the fire-drawn chariots of the sky. The dust of war upon the Euxine breaks, And stirs with brief menace, and approaching shout. The hoary waves of mystic Hellespont 1 Those waves, O'er which hath sped in many a summer's sun The classic prows of high- enthroned states, iVbio duBt-encumber'd in the grave of time 1 Those waves-where empires shadowless, have left No passing reflex on this limpid breast, Where flashed, with momentary blaze, the steel Of princely Dandolo and where harmonious To the rampant dominance of Venice, roared The winged lion of St. Mark r But think ye never that a land of serfs (Drenched in the sweat of unrequited toil, And big with power-space-filling as it grows !) Alone hath sought, Uko brittle glass, to break ' Beneath the ponderous casting of its hoof. The fleshless skeleton of the Moslem creed Or within the past a oblivion, to hurl Stambouli's waning crescent of KToreish I 'Tis not enough I-the Muscovite hath dreamed , This Turkish soil a mere stepping-stone From which at once, Colossal like, to stride The suppliant sovereignties of the West, And 'mid the last breathed requiem of the free, , ( A second Amelia imperial sword to wave, resistless, from the halls of Constantine The blast hath blown; The leaden clouds sit weeping overhead, Andî tempest, charged with pestilence, sweeps on The leaguered Danube yields a soldier stood, Ano?, URO n chained madman at the grate, The bear, it buy. stands baffled in his game 1 As when the throb of Nature's giant heart, vibrating through the caverns of the deep, Upheaves in liquid lines the undulatisgtnues, So moves the spirit of the warrior west; To thunder backward on the barbarous boot The dread sublimity of war, and plant, Triumphant o'er Its holocaust of blood, 2 The unsoiled flag of liberty and fame. 'as Foremost to the shock, in high defiant line,, Spring forth the progeny of British sires, As to the foemen, in the battle's face, They shake the non-banner of their race I ' What matter, if in the yellow son, Or through the recumbent vapours of the night, The marshalled lances of the bearded throng, 'w Like stars upon the waters, glance innumerable t -' What though the eyes of each fierce cohort burn Intensely savage with fanatic fire ? Or from each morn, uplifted sabre flash The doubly stern-insanity of wine ? Wh_jp_oough a storm metallic perforate the air ¡Tjj^Tlrio white cannon-froth, curling into shape, '-"Bftdomes a dusky blot upon the sun, " And flaunts a quivering canopy of blood. Still, as a wall, unwavering, comes on England to the van-in all her antique chivalry! The chivalry of England ! Gaze on the unflinching columns as they form In line erect, full in the cannon's teeth s No lip grows pallid when the iron shower, Storming in their eyes, gaps the undaunted line, Or with a murderous sweep, sends thousands Still palpitating with the ebbing life-into eternity's Gaze on ! till all often high manhood in your SOUTH Which the Fifth Henry taught your sires k5 feel And which on Crcpoyli field threw victor's wreath Over the young brow of Edward.' warrIor 07 Leaps up, a Hercules, within your hearts, I And strains each muscle with the swell of pride!' Gaze on but stay-doth memory go back And in a dreamland of the sense catch fire From Marathon s or mad Thermopjlaj's tale! Ondoth the vision prove a liar to the brain AS dulled, through the dread artillery, it seems In headlong charge, a solitary band Ride forth to breast the battle with a host And in a sea of countless blades go down, Each mon, n British-born Leonidas 1 Speak out, ye ghosts of Balaclavas height, How to the front. SIX hundred horsemen sprung And sought, like demi-gods with clenched brand, The more than mortal struggle, and the death ! Sought them until eaciïircd-dycd soymetar proclaimed, in many a scarlet drop, oozing from the point, Its deathless guerdon immortality I 'Twiss as The last die, desperately thrown, and men, 'Mid silence deep, like statues, in their awe, Standing agape looked into each other's eyes As if to scarecrow evidence of the deed 1 A silence terrible as when (Meanwhile upon the towers of lion met Distraught with bute the mortal and the god And god with gold the furious combat waged 1) High Love, from out MR starry throne, intent, His haughty firm, rejuvenated, shook, And hushed in sleep the elements of air 1 But not alone, when day's careering orb Throws down, like ripples on the crystal tide, has trembling beams, to ornament the streets Or when in the night watch streams the sheet, flame And booms the thunder's majesty of sound; No, not alone ; 'pon battery and fort, Within the trench, or wrestling in the breach Doth the white seal upon the stilly lip, Or that sightless glaze of very nothingness That settles on the last bright darkness of the eye, Attest the voiceless mastery of Death I I "WITHIN THE a dIET of THE INTItESCIIEn CALF í The soldier in his harness stalks abroad To draw some gasp of renovating breath, And wipes the dow of sickness from his cheek. ' Around him lie-thick as the sheaves upon a reaped field The rude-raised tumuli of the dead 1 Hut so of those who valiantly bore The shield of England on the battle's wing : Thou e hapless dead, to whom, ingloriously stole, On tip too silence, like a custard thief, The demon shaft of hollow jawed disease, And wrote them nameless, on a pile of dUst ! Behold the picture On the reeking ground Struck by the post, and prostrate in the storm Scarce shielded by a rag 'twixt Heaven and Earth I Lie the foul prey a miserable throng, With palms hair frozen, and the dragged hair Weeping from its folds the tears of the cloud Or gaunt- with fever, see delirium print Its touch of madness in the 501166108» stare, And thus in living death all vacancy and night Complete the final havoc of the brain ! Such is the story for the historic page, And such the song of desolating war t And is there then no drop That filtering through the heart, starts upward And>hanga concealed upon the silky fringe A gentle tell-tale mercury of love I Is there no secret charitable spring That wells from out this mammon-loving self, And brings the spirit back to its humanity ! Upon the palace where ancestral blood Chronicles its deeds in centuries of fame, The gloomy catchment hangeth mournfully, And from the mockery of funereal state, Points with its finger to the purpling East And in the lowly cottage, where perchance Lurks, with teeth trap, the vampire poverty; There's many a wild wail harrowing the wins? (The tragic wail of widowed womanhood !) And mothers draw, heart-broken to their ural Each orphan pledge, and cynosure of love I And ever and anon, with suffocating woe, Distil from their having breasts the word SEBASTOPOL. ! These mothers are the consent of the brave ! "Who fell at Alma, and at Inkermann j ! Their children, children of the glorious slain, ' Who, dying for their country, left them fatherless ! It is a tale told simply in a breath : A sable curtain shadows all the land, And twines HB heavy drapery around The tearful groups of many an English hearth. But tears alone no monument can build, On which to 'grave a chieftain's epitaph Gold but your sorrow with a Midas touch, And the rude marble, starting into life, Shall rise, the image of the illustrious dead I And words alone, though burning expressed On destitution's ear, fall meaningless ! But there is pity in this bad world yet A spark of love that grovels not in dust! The millions prayer goes forth upon the wind Bread for Hood and gratitude for bread I YeR ! there is labour's sanctifying mite, And twice-told gifts, where affluence and wealth Drink from the sparkling cup of inert luxury The hand so rigid but shall one' at length, No heart so cold, but turning to itself Relents in charity, and unsparing gives. And then Australia, noble In thy sons (If bounteous mercy can ennoble man) Where industry, unchallenged by the great, step on to fortune, and exalts its head Where far upon the hills the lowing herds, ' I And pastoral stocks lo myriads disport; And where leaping from the mountain top-.. A thousand streams, borne on their shining course, flag with the golden hours, each one H PHOIOIIH ! For thee, whose arms response of to the oil, flowed down, like royal minna from the sun, A glittering heard of again aged charity I For the o, so that high destiny which lifts Untnintcd on its soaring wings, a realm Upward to the loftiest pinnacle of fame, And Btinips upon the charter of its fate The rule of mind, calm swaying in the Providence of God ! ATHENIC.. Sydney, March 15th, 1855. 