Segíslatíbe Coimril. F KI DA Y, AUGUST l8, 1855. (Continuation of Proceedings.) MR. ALLISON then moved his resolution, " that I it is desirable that the Committee upon the Convict Question sit with opun doors." In doing so, he gave utterance to the opinion that it was one of tho most impoi tant committees which bad yet been appointed, and hu trusted that the proceedings would hu public. DR. CROOKK seconded tho motion. MB. CHAPMAN, before tbo question was put, as Chairman of the Committee, would state that the Committee had met this morning, and lie would ask liberty to inform the House what course they liad decided upon adopting with reference to this question. MR. DOUGLAS asked whether the bon. member was in order in referring to the proceedings of a Sulect Committee when the report of that committee was not yet before the House. (Laughter.) MP. ELLISTON observed that the matter had been gone into by the Committee with the especial view of bl inging the subject before the House. MR CHAPMAN bud been requested to state the course which the Committee was anxious to adopt, and would ask leave. ' The COLONIAL SECRETARY apprehended that the hon. member for Hobart Town could address the House as long as he liked so long as bis remarks were relevant. MR. CHAPMAN proceeded, and informed the House that tile Committee had taken this question into consideration, and had adopted a resolution that a shorthand writer should hu engaged to 'take down the evidence for thu committee, that*the leporters of the public press should be invited to be present, but that it should be understood the evidence should not be printed until the leave of the committee was giveu, or until the end of thu proceedings. Mr. Chapman explained that the mujonty. of thu Com- mittee lind decided that thin course would be the most advisable ; thuy cousidemd it would be highly prejudicial to the om'ceis who were' charged to let the evidence of one day go forward without being accompanied by the rebutting testimony of the next. That course would bo the more objectionable, especially as the Committee would not sit daily. If, however, the House should decido- that thu Com- mittee ought to sit with open doors, ho for one, although he thought it undesirable,' could have no objection. MR. PERRY could not be satisfied with such a course, tho affair was of such a character that no investigation should bo carried on except with open doors. Any other courso would tend to raise all kinds of suspicions, give rise to every variety of report. He need uot go farther to prove the desi- rability of conducting the investigation openly than by referí¡ug to tho example of Mr. Roebuck's Com- mittee, where the* inquiry was conducted with open doors. MR. ANSTEY should also think it his duty to support the motion of tho bon. member from Streanshalh. 'He regarded the importance of this investi- gation to be equal to tho object of the inquiry, going on in England before the Sebastopol Committee, and if the argument was at all tenable, that if would bo inconvenient to publish ; the evidence as taken, it must have more ".importance in that inquiry, where thu character and conduct of some of the h'ghost dignitaries in England had been impeached. But, after the example of that Committeo, where no con- sideration of the kind, where no apprehension of injustice to the accused was entertained from the daily publication of tho evidence, he did not think the Com- mittee was called upon to do other than comlnot. the investigation as openly as possible. Hit. BUTLER supported the motion on the prin- ciple that the proceedings of all Committees) of the House should bo opcu.to the public. Ho would not, however, desire to deprive thoi Committee- of i the power of excluding the public when the;Committce went into deliberation-that was the practice of Par- liament, and had long obtained by precedent in this House. There was another rule jn May, be observed, which migbt bo of some consequence in the consider- ation of devising means for preventing the publication of rumours aud reports ; he found that neither the members of Committee nor witnesses were at liberty to publish the evidence taken' or documents pre- sented which have not been reported to the House that, in fact, it was declared a breach of privilege to do so. Ho thought, however, that in this case the Council should pursue the most liberal line of policy, and that strangers be freely permitted to be present. MIL WEDGE was willing to take the; whole responsibility of the resolution of tho committee. (No 1 no I) He was responsible for it. (No 1 no 1) It was adopted on his suggestion. He thought, as the committee did not sit day by day, a« they might only-uieet.oncg,» week, that it *aa not desirable that the evidence against the accused should-' go forth before it had been presented to the House. He did not conceive their resolution was of « Star Chamber character, and would therefore vote against the motion. . . - 'MR SHARLAND saldit was too late now to profess an anxiety to spare the feelings of the officer» accused, seeing that the question had ah cady occu- pied tho attention of the House. The chai gas bad been publicly made, anil therefore he thought that the public should have perfect access to the sittings of the committee. It was of far gi eater conse- quence to the individuals whose conduct was im- pugned-than if they were to be put upon their trial for their lives. Their characters were more dear to them than the loss of their lives. They ought to have the same privilege as other individuals when placed in the dock beforo any public tribunal._ He felt con- vinced that the evils and atrocities which had been alleged against thom hid not been committed. He could not believo in the grossness of the charges which had been made in the public nowsp ipers. Charges had been made which toro their characteis to tatters, and he was soiry to say those charges liad b"en repeated by members in that House. It was the gieatest consequence, therefore, that publicity should be given. MK. KERMODE did not think it right that tho bon. member for Hobart Town should be allowed to stand alone in commun'cating to the House the opinion at which the Committee had ím i ved. Ho (Mr. Keimode) was quite indifferent whether the public weie admitted without any restrictions, or whether the course niaiked out by the committee was adopted ; but he himself thought the publie in toi est would be best served, and the ends of justice best seemed, by dimply admitting the reporters of the Press. The hon. member for Cumberland had said that the high characters of the Convict officials in- terested in this enquiry were dearer to them than their lives; their characters had been tom to tatteis not only out of doois, but also by members in that House. Ho denied it utterly. Thcio was nothing in the motion of the lion, member for Morven which justified such an accusation. ' MR. SHARLAND alluded to reports which they had repeated, not to accusations "which they had made. MR. KEKMODE.-The bon. member charged the meinbei-, ol' this House with timing to tatteis tho characteis of tho Convict officials. Hon. members bad not done so ; neither was there anything in the motion of the member for Moiven which implied that. Had the boo. member for Cumberland stated that tho Minute of the Executive Council, which at that moment wns lying upon the table of the House, con- tained these accusations, he would have been justified. That Minute he (Mr. Kermode) considered was un- equalled. High functionaries of the Convict Depart- ment were there charged with grave offences, and if these charges were ¡>ub.st.iiitiatcd, his opinion was that thjse officials should have been instantly suspended. Mr. Sharlands remaiks upon the members of that House, theiefore, weie unjustifiable and highly impiopcr. MU. SHARLAND desired that the bon. member's woids might be taken down. (The words weie taken down by the clerk, but no further step taken.) MR. KERMODE would not occupy the attention of the IIou«o any fin ther with what it would appear bad been «pokeu hurriedly by the bon. member ; lie would leave that and tain for a moment or two to the subject befoie the House. He would repeat that, so far as he was concerned, he cal ed not whether or not the investigation was can ¡ed on with closed or with open doois. In the meeting of the Committee which had been held that morning he lind voted with the majoiity, who binti ne ted the Chairman as to ¡the com se they weie desiious of pursuing. Still, as it appealed to bo the WÍRII of the House that another com se should bo adopted, be should not oppose it. MR KNIGHT thought it would be the most advan- tageous, if not the best and proper, couisc to have the invt stigation public; it was in accordance with the tendency of events in the present day, mid instead of being prejudicial, almost beneficial to the accused. It appealed to bim that there really was no difference ot opinion on the pai t of the House and the Com- mittee, it was agreed that the investigation should be public ; the only question was, in what mode that pub- licity could bo best gained ? It inatteicd little whether the reporters or the public were present; if the reporters were admitted it amounted nearly to the same thing, excepting that the admission of the foi mer would convoy possibly a moro accuiate im- pression of the facts and statements elicited in the inquiry. If thoy were enjoined not to report the evidence, they could not be prevented from speaking to otheis about it out of doors, and consequently the proceedings might just as well be open It would be as well, however, it tho House understood whether the chamber would be indiscriminately ciowdcd, or whether it was intended for the admissions to be regulated by ticket in the oulinary way. Mr. Knight stieugthened his position in favour of the open door principle by refoiling to the Sebastopol Committee, where intciests of the highest nature are involved. The inquiry was fiee and open, notwithstanding the honour and the capacity of some of tho highest statesmen of the land-commanders in the army actually seiving in the campaign, and heads of dcpaitmcnts were impeached. Nay, it had even been urged that that public enquiry would shake the alliance bet» ecu Great Britain and France, that the alliance was an illusion, and if the Committee was persisted in, the man who now wielded the destinies of that great Empire, and whose pacificatory inten- tions were not sincere, would openly disavow that connection. All those great consideration*, however, had been overbalanced, and the enquiry was pro- ceeding as pu 1)1 iel v as possible MR. DOUGLAS said the Committee did not caro one twopence how the investigation was conducted, they had no desiio to consider the delicacy of the feelings of the officers of the Convict Department, the iuves'ig.ition could be as public as tho House lilted. DR. CROOKE would support tlie motion, and thought there had been too much Star Chamber ivoilt ubout the affair altogether. First, there had been the Star Chamber of the press, in which the attacks had been commenced. Articles without end had been published impugning the conduct of these officials in every instance without the name of the peisons who contributed them. In the whole course of these attacks upon the Convict Department, only one name had been, produced as a voucher for the truth of the statements, and tho Government had, to say the least of it, committed a great indiscretion m following a similar course. If the Government bad adopted the plan of appointing an independent Board ot Enquiry to examine into the truth of the.e charges, the Houso would not have boen troubled with this investigation ; and he (Dr. Crooke) waa of opinion that if the officers alluded to had sinned at all, they had not sinned to the extent which had been stated. It would be found they had sinned under j regulation. Yet, as the matter had been brought so fully under the notice of the House, he thought it nothing but right to grant the committee, and he voted for it on the principle that thero should not appear to be one law for the rich and another for the poor. He thought the investigation should^» public. Give the accused a fair trial ; let them know by whom they are charged, and let the publie see by whom the charges are preferred. He hoped there would be no attempt to suppress the publication of the evidence. . MR. KERMODE observed that it was never pro- posed to suppress one tittle of the evidence, * DR. CROOKB contended it would have the same effect if each day's proceedings were not published. The fair and honest way of proceeding to business was, to conduct'tliii proceedings with open doors. Ho trusted that the wings of the committee would not be clipped in the investigation. , DR. OFFICER entirely approved of the proposal to conduct the proceedings with open 'doors, and apprehended that the very evils anticipated from such a coarse would result from a contrary one. He believed that if the publicity of the enquiry was restricted in the least, all sorts of distorted reports would get into circulation, calculated to do much more injury to the parties accused. He thoroughly approved of the motion, but in the course of his observations expressed, himself in favour of the admission by ticket only, aahoretofoie. '" MR. ELLISTON said, if it was irregular for lion, members to reler to ihe proceedings oiTselect com- mittees, he must share in the irregularity and join the irregulars. , (Laughter.) ( When'the resolu- tion reported by the bon. member'for Hobart Town was adopted by the Committee, he (Mr. Ellis- ton} waa in the minority. Ho thought it would be a most extraordinary thing to permit tho reportéis to attend, but prevent them making use of their notes. It was for that he objected to the resolution, and why he tor one acquiesced in the suggestion that Mr. Chapman should report the resolution to the House. It seemed to mm that snob a restriction . would place the reporten in a very anomalous position, a'restriction to which he thought they would I not be disposed to concedo, and therefore tho propo- I sition was useless. They would not attend, except I for the purpose of -pnb'ishing the evidence d'iily, in accordance with the practice at present prev tiling in England. * And if wo begin to be proud of our fieedom -to take honour to ourselves as Free Tasmaniens lot us, said Mr. Elliston, adopt English habits, follow English customs, and let the evidence in this caso be freely published. He did not fear any inconvenience would aiise ftom such a step. It seemed to bim that tho proposition to admit reporters under such a resfrie tkm .was tantamount to saying they would admit ibporters if they could neither read nor wiito-they would admit the public if thoy would stuff their ears with wool. (Laughter.) Hu viewed the proposition as nbsitid. . MR KERMODE did not certainly understand that Mi. Elliston had goiiu against the proposition in Select Committee. MR. ELLISTON-I was the only one who gave " a no" out loud, the nilly oue who said " no." MR. WEDGE could confit m Mr. Elliston's state- ment. . " MU. MEREDITH expressed himsalf in favour of the publication of the evidence. MR. GREGSON supported the resolution, and in the coui so of his obsei vutions referred to bon. mem- bers at the font of the lower end of the table. M R. MEREDITH rose to order, and said ho saw no bon. member in that House who sat there by light as an lum. nitnibei foi tho lotci end of the table. (Laughter.) He himsell (Mr. Meiedith) was then sitting at die bottom end of tim table, but ho was the member for Glamorgan; he saw also the bon. member tor Buckingham near him, but he was not the member for thu lower eud of tho table. (Laugh- ter.) MR. GREGSON apprehended there was nothing unpailiameiitary in referring to the position of bon. members in thu House. It was often usual to say tho bon. member on the opposite sida foi instance. For the future, however, he would be careful of tbp designation of the bon. member for Glamorgan. MR. CHAPMAN submitted that tho Committee had been solely influenced by a desire to conduct their proceedings in accordance with the practice of Parliament, where neither members nor witnesses were allowed to publish evidence except un 1er the peí mission of the committee. There was no idea of preventing the publication of tho evidence heie as far as it was deemed advisable, nor did he think the Cominillo.! would refuse to grant the required leave. MR. ALLISON shared in the general opinion of thu House, that this was one of the most impoitant investigations which the House could undertake, and he was of opinion that thu Committee should not have been granted He was of that opinion still ; and tho reason that he had loi mod that opinion was, that hu looked upon it as unjust, becausu thu p ii ties bad already received tri d. Hu did not say it was a good or a sufficient trial ; but it was clear to him that they had been ti ¡ed and had íeceived censuro, that steps had also been taken to pi event the recurrence of such events. Hencu tho íeason why ho had voted against the appointment of thu Committee,-hence it WAS ho regretted to find himself in a minouty, tor he con- ceived the resolution was disrespectful to the Head of the Government. MR CLERKE submitted tb.it Mr. Allison was out of oidei in making such observations. Ho was advei ting to foi mer pioccedings of tho Council. MR. ALLISON pat the question to tho Speaker, whither ho wns not referring to facts bealing out upon the question of bow the pioceedings should be conducted V '1 be SPEAKER said Mr. Allison was peifectly in older. MR. ALLISON continued.-When his attention lind been called off tho matter ho was referring to, he had observed that the Government had taken steps to prevent the recurrence of thu practices complained of, and hu thereto! e thought that it was a mci o mattet of uselessncss and injustice to stir up mid revive the question. To Ins mind it wns extra judicial and un English to proceed to a second trial, ta inflict a second sentence or censm o. DR. BUTLER was exceedingly sorry to interrupt any bon. member in the com.se of debate, but be felt himself called upon to state that the lion, gentleman was out of order, inasmuch as he was reten ing to pluvious debates. The SPEAKER understood Mr. Allison to be speak- ing to the subject in guneiul terms, and thcieforc lulud that Mr. Allison was not out of order. MR. ALLISON complained of tho interruptions, and again stated his opinion that the laboura of the Committee would be îmg.itoiy, that he thought its appointment was un-English, extra-judicial, and most unfair. Hu had como down to the House determined to oppose the Committee upon these consideiations, and the debate which took place vei v seriously and materially strengthened the opinions ho had formed, mm o especially as it appeared to bim that some lion, members appealed as men clearly biassed against the parties accused, and had spoken against the parties as if they had found thom already guilty before they bad beard any ev i dence against them " Was that fair to the accused ? MR. KERMODE lose to order, and would at once request the Speaker'» attention to the practice of Paiiinment, as given in May, at page 256-(the bon. member here quoted thu passage disallowing expiessions uncoui teous lo the House, and ii regular in principle, by reflecting upon the vote of the majority-the meinbuis of thu minority themMoIves being bound by that vote.) Ho submitted that the lion, meinber was included in that vote. (Mr. Allison, "no, iio.") Ho (Mr. Kel mode) would appeal to the Speaker whether Mr. Allison was not reflecting upon those who wuio opposed to bim for speaking ns they did upon a question which had been decided by a lai go majouty nt that House. The Sl'EAKER ruled that Mr. Allison was not in order-he should abstain from casting reflections upon members of the House. MR. ALLISON proceeded-he wished to say that the enquiry to be just should be conducted with open doors. Had not the bon. member for Campbell Town himself gone so far as to justify the remarks for which he (Mr. Allison) had been called to order. Had ho nut said that the papers laid upon the table of that House called for the instantaneous suspension of thesu officers. MR. KERMODE said he must again take excep- tion to the way in which the hon. member for Strean- shalh was stating what be (Mr. Kermode) had said. What hu did say was, that if the charges given in that paper weie substantiated, his (Mr. Kermode's) opinion was that they ought to have been suspended \- he merely expressed his opinion. MR, ALLISON cared not whether it was a paper or water, and contended that tho bon. member nad pionounced judgment upon those gentlemen already. MR. KERMODE agafu submitted that the lion., gentleman was entirely out of order in thus attribut- ing conduct and motives to bim which ho emphati- cally denied. He must «gain call the attention ¿f. the Speaker and the House to May, and road to the effect that no member was permitted to attribute improper motives to another member, especially when repudiated by that member, and that the use of intemperate language and indecorous conduct, &c;, was highly unbecoming, and members could not be too careful in lestrahmig themselves therefrom. (Laughter.) MR. ALLISON-How soon, Sir, wo seo the faults of others, and I cannot help calling to mind the linos of Burns "Ob ! wad some power the giftie gie us To see oui sol's as others see us." He would repeat that judgment had been passed by Mr. Kermode. MR. KERMODE was compelled again to rise to ordei. He would not permit so impioper and un- justifiable a use of his name ; he had not sat in judg- ment upon the parties in question, and must protest against the hon. member persisting in this state- ment. He had not as a judge condemned the parties, and could not permit his name to bo associated with such an unfounded charge. He defied any one to say that he had done what was imputed to him hy- the bun. member. He emphatically denied having already passed judgment upon those officers, and «as only induced to say what he had with regard to the paper on the tablo in consequence of what had fallon irom the hon. member for Cumbeiland. MR. ALLISON continued his observations in sup- port of the motion, and thought the House could not do better than follow the example set in our father» land. A lengthened discussion now ensued with respect to the mode of admission, the hour and days of sitting, &c.; &c.;, when leave waa given to ammuTthemoti* by adding- the words » that it be an InstructionÄ» Committee to sit at least three Hrae"Keh wJ?.? during tha progress of the inquiry." *** Upon this Mr. .Chapman moved as an ammA « that it be m, instruction .to the ^cÄ* upon Convict1 questions to sit for three dava «n ** in elah week, and that the proceedmjrs takeMr.»!?* the Council Chamber-the public benVgadÄl0 the gallery of the Council and belowX A'*,* usual way. "". m "«« A debate ensued. MR. CHAPMAN pointed out that iftheam.ni ment TI as not .adopted the Council Chamber »««ia become a scene of disorder and confusion wï ï good order could bo maintained, he enquired if Hobart Town mob was indiscriminately admittart * Mr. Allison's resolution would render an in-.S.VÎ" consequence? «writable The amendment was seconded by Mr. Clarke, and Dr. Crooke took exception to the reference made by Mr. Chapman to the Hobart Town mob. There was a large number of persons interested in this question, hnd no possible impediment be contended should be thrown in the way of a fair, full, and free and open inquiry. He characterised the amendment as a simple evasion. MR. KERMODE remarking that such mob oratory would only go down with those for whom it was intended, the mobocracy, put it to the good sense of the House if such oratory as that usually indulged in« by cci tain members of the House should bepermittV.1 whether tboy would bo content to be mobbed in ti.? manner (Dr. Crooke, "Bonnetted.") Should he Mr. Kermode define that word for the lion, member were such displays creditable ? He (Mr. Kermode) did not approve, and he hoped the House would not sanction such unmeaning appeals to the prejudices of the public at the expense of hon. members. Whim the question was put upon the amendment if was passed, and "the House proceeded to otln'r business. ? - "" LAUNCESTON WATER 8UPFLY Bttt. ' Äi-R D^GL,^S rvcd tlmt îhe ürder «» the third reading ot this Bill be expunged from the Orders of the Day, and that it Bland first on the Orders fnr Wednesday. *w orrnsDEBS' CONTROL BILL. This Bill, on the motion of the Attorney-General was read a third time and passed. ' The Council adjourned at five minutes past seven to four o'clock on Tuesday. THE CONVICT QUESTION.-The select committ-a meet after the using of the House on Tuesday ev n big next. ' IN our last issuo, coolly observes the Proprietor of the Lincinatti l% News for the World, and anyone else who chooses to read it," there is a slight typo giapbical error which we desire to correct. Pro "Despatch from the General Cemetery," hat " Despatch fiom General Cunrobcrt," To the Editor of the Hobart Town Daily Courier. Hobart Town, August l8,1855. Sin,-The following vei se of the inimitable Thomas Hood appears so apiopos with refcience to the petty squabbfes which have too often taken place between certain honourable mcmbcisof our own Council, that it may perhaps be woi th inserting in your paper as a hint whish they would do well to consider: Go to thu House of Commons or Louis, And tbey seem to be busy with simple words lu their popular sense or pedantic But, alas 1 with their cheers, and sneers, and jeers, -They're really busy, whatever appears, Putting peas in each othei'sears, To drive their enemies frautic ! Yours, &c;, TELEMACUES. ROYAL VICTORIA THEATRE. Tnr.ni: will bj, as announced, a " Grand Amateur Performance " at this Theatre to-night. " Faint Heart never won fair Lady" is the title of the first piece, aud the right courteous and knightly chivalry of the wooers to Mrs. Waller have won that lady to perform here once more. By magie spell, it would seem that this enchantress has attracted towards her an almost unequalled amount of lofty and well-judged, well-bestowed pi aise, from those "Cavaliers and tbeir noble dames" out of the lists, and has too, by the same power, influenced most brilliant attendonco within the lists, for to-night's joust. It is said to be a " complimentary benefit," to Mr. Watson. Is not this a very coirect expression, when we find Mrs. Waller, and after that lady Mi. Elliston, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Boot, Mr. Webster, Mr. Beamont, Mrs. Har ward, pei foi m, so do Miss Watson and Mr?. Burdett, Mr. Waller and Mr. Tuttull preferring for to- night fie " pleasure of looking on," and in the enjoy mont of this same ease of "looking on," then) will, no doubt, be a housu full of participants* 