EXTRAORDINARY CASE OF MURDER IN WESTERN AUSTRALIA. BY our last advices, we learn that on Wednesday, the 3rd of October, Bridget Hurford and W. E. Dodd, a ticket-of-leave man, had been tried at the, Perth Quarter Sessions, before his Honor W. H. Mackie and a Bench of Magistrates, for the murder of the husband of the female prisoner. The main facts and features of the case are these: John Hurford, a wealthy settler, had married a widow much younger than himself, with whom he lived so unhappily that at length their differences led to feelings of dire animosity and almost deadly strife. The unrelenting woman not only contemplated his death, but determined to accomplish it, and preparatory thereto engaged a ticket-of-leave man, named Philip Dixon, to forge a will. This being done, she bribed another ticket-of- leave man, named Dodd, by the promise of a sum of money, together with a horse called Turk, usually ridden by her husband, to put him to death. Hurford seems to have had a great dread of his wife for some time, and fear- ing to be left alone in her power, engaged a man named George Jones to sleep in his bed-room, which he did till the night before the murder, when his absence was most artfully contrived by Mrs. Hurford, through the instrumentality of her own son by her former husband. The report of the trial, as given in the local journals, is too long for publication entire. The Commercial News, however, furnishes a very careful outline of the proceedings, which we annex : " The first one which obtained a hearing was that of the murder of Mr. John Hurford. During the whole of the trial, which lasted until late on Wednesday, the Court was crowded; and it was with regret that we perceived several females, some of them with infants in their arms, among the spectators, some of whom persisted in remaining, notwithstanding the disgusting nature of a portion of the evidence. The prisoners, W. B. Dodd and Bridget Hurford, were defended by Mr. Howell, who made the most of a very bad case. The evidence, although circumstantial, was remarkably clear, and entirely established the guilt of the prisoners in the opinion of every one in the Court. If any doubt existed, it was, however, removed the next morning, by the voluntary confession of the female prisoner, who admitted that she had foreknowledge that the murder would be committed, and that it had been committed. She also implicated another person, named Osborne, in connection with the murder, and stated that they had been plotting the murder for some time previous to the commission of the crime, and it was the original intention of the conspirators to waylay the old man as he was crossing the estuary, and drown him. But this plan, for reasons not named, was abandoned, and the crime perpetrated in the manner detailed in the ensuing evidence. "The Advocate-General, in opening his address, observed that he was well aware the bare mention of the word duty was sufficient to command the earnest attention and patience of the jury, but that he intended to appeal to motives and sentiments more noble and exalted than mere obedience to the routine, of prescribed duty. The learned gentleman stated that the sudden and violent shortening of the few remaining days of an old man was more shocking than the sudden and violent end of vigorous manhood or lusty youth. He then dwelt upon the serious nature of the accusations against the prisoners, especially as affecting the female prisoner, whose sex and whose relation to the murdered man rendered her crime still more appalling. He cautioned the jury against the influence of petty suspicion, local gossip, or vague surmise, but with fresh minds to approach the performance of a high and holy duty. They were further to bear in mind that the crime was performed at a distance, and they would have to prove to all classes,that neither distance, nor cunning, nor luck, can screen the murderer. The case resting upon circumstantial evidence, the verdict of the jury would be more emphatically their own. Men may lie as to facts, feign feelings and imitate opinions, err in their deductions and blunder in their inferences, but circumstances cannot lie, feign, or be feigned. The Advocate-General then proceeded to narrate the details of the case, that the murdered man had amassed property to the amount of £2000, that about four years since he had married the prisoner, who was much younger than himself, that from the date of their marriage to the day of his death, their quarrels had been incessant, and that he was so ill treated, as to have been compelled to sleep from home, that he had, to escape persecution, bought a house away from the residence of his wife, whither he intended to proceed on the Monday succeeding the murder. On the Friday preceding the murder, Hurford rides to the Vasse, and on his return complains of fatigue, of stiffness from riding, but afterwards acknowledges that he is recover- ing. His wife proceeds to the Vasse, states that Hurford is in a bad state, and asks how she would be situated if he died without a will. On Sunday, the day of the murder, she returns home, and finds her husband apparently better. In the afternoon she displayed towards him a kindness of manner altogether unusual, prepares for him some strengthening drink, he looks at her with a fixed and steady gaze, and she-trembles. That evening she sends to Jones, with whom Hurford slept, to state that he need not come that night, because he was too sore, one of her children is sent to sleep with one of the witnesses, Norman, an unusual thing, and in fact, there was a general alteration of sleeping places. The old man was left alone ; Mrs. Hurford and Dodd remained up, they were the last up, and they were found up by the first who rose. On the very first night he was left alone and unprotected he died ; whether he was murdered or not the jury would be able to discover from the evidence. The evidence, although for the most part circumstantial, was of such a conclusive nature as to leave no doubt whatever of the guilt of the prisoners. The fourth witness examined was a native of Africa (Peter Wellington), who said:- " I have lived some time at the Vasse ; I knew the deceased John Hurford and was in his employ ; on the Friday before his death he rode to the Vasse, and returned the same day ; I saw him on the Sunday afternoon, the same day he died ; I asked him how he felt; he said he did not feel much pain, but felt very weak ; on the Sunday night I slept in Mr. Hurford's kitchen in the corner along with two natives ; Tommy Larkins slept in a shed near the house ; Mrs. Hurford used to sleep at the new house before that night ; Norman offered to sleep there, and she told him to take Biddy with him ; on the Sunday evening, I heard Mrs. Hurford say to Norman, ' I'll bet you something that Hurford will be dead before morning ; Mrs. Hurford was not then sober, but she knew what she was about ; Dodd was also in liquor. After Nor- man went away with little Biddy to the new house, Mrs. Hurford asked Dodd to go and fetch some water ; Dodd went out, and Mrs. Hurford went after him ; in about five minutes they came back together ; Dodd had a bucket of water ; Mrs. Hurford had a lamp in one hand and a decanter in the other ; she put the lamp down on the table ; Dodd put the water down by the kitchen door ; I was then lying down on my bed with the two natives ; Mrs. Hurford took the lamp and held it over me, I pretended to be asleep, for I wanted to see what was up, and what manoeuvres were going on ; Mrs. Hurford took a teacup and poured something, which looked like spirits, into the cup out of the decanter; she gave the teacup to Dodd, who drank what was in the teacup and gave the cup back to Mrs. Hurford, who said to him, " go now." Dodd went away ; I remained awake ; Mrs. Hurford then poured something out of the decanter, and also out of a black bottle into the teacup and then stirred it with a spoon, and took it out of the room ; she came back and held the lamp over me again ; she had not the cup when she returned ; she then sat down in the doorway where the bucket was, and began to make a noise with the water, as if slapping it with her hand ; I got up and went outside ; as soon as I went out, Mrs. Hurford went out to see in what direction I had gone ; I returned directly, and went to my bed, and lay down again ; Mrs. Hurford was then sitting down on a box ; she began making the same noise with the water. I heard a noise as of a door opening, as if the bottom of the door dragged on the floor ; the noise came from Mr. Hurford's room; shortly after that I heard a shout as of a man choking; that very moment Mrs. Hurford began to make a greater spinning in the water ; she was sitting in the doorway, close to the bucket, pouring the water backwards and forwards; Mrs. Hurford must have heard the shout. The shout came from Mr. Hurford's room; I only heard one shout; after that Mrs. Hurford ceased making a noise with the water, and came and held the lamp over me; I pretended still to be asleep; she laid the lamp down on the table and went out of the house ; she stopped away for a minute or so ; I then heard somebody whispering outside of the house; I could not hear what they said; after that Dodd and Mrs. Hurford came in; Mrs. Hurford said, " Call Tommy up ; " Dodd did so ; Mrs. Hurford said, Tommy, Hurford is dead;" Tommy said, "'Well, we can't help it;" Dodd said, "Better call up Norman;" Norman came up, and he and I went to see the body ; it was covered with the bedclothes; Norman felt his breath, and said, "I don't think he is dead;" Dodd said, "Try him with the glass Norman put the glass to Hurford's mouth, and said "he's dead;" Dodd said, "Oh, he is dead, safe enough." I next saw the body on the Tuesday. I saw marks on his neck; on the right side were four marks like finger-nail marks ; the lower part of the throat looked swollen, and was of a blackish colour; on the left side of the throat was a red mark; the marks did not go behind the ear; I often saw Mr. Hurford with his shirt collar open, but I never saw any marks on his throat till after his death ; I think I must have seen them if he had any when alive; Mr. Hurford said to me on the Sunday that he would go next day to his new house ; he seemed to me able to do so ; he seemed in his usual health ; he did not seem near his death ; there were four rooms with the kitchen in Mr. Hurford's house ; they were all on the ground. There were partition walls between them, but those walls were not carried up to the roof, so that any noise in one room could be easily heard in the other rooms ; a person in one room could hear a person talking in one of the other rooms ; on the Saturday evening, just about dusk, I heard Mrs. Hurford tell her son Neddy to go to Jones and tell him not to come up to sleep there that night ; I did not hear Hurford say that he did not wish Jones to sleep there that night. " Cross-examined by Mr. Howell.-Two of the partitions were carried up to the roof; the partition which separated the kitchen from the meal room was not carried up to the roof ; the partition walls were of wood, brick, and mud ; the bucket of water was placed between the door of the kitchen and my bed- place. I don't know whether Mrs. Hurford is short-sighted. When Mrs. Hurford held the lamp over me, my feet were obliquely towards the door ; I did not see Mrs. Hurford go with the lamp to the fire-place ; she did not hold the lamp close to my face; I have known Dodd sleep out of doors one night. I did not see Mrs. Hurford drink out of the teacup ; the noise she made with the water was not as if she, had been washing something ; I saw her with her hands in the water ; she had nothing in her hands ; there was no cleaning going on in the dairy that night. The dairy door grates on its hinges, but not at the bottom ; the shout I heard from Hurford's room was more of a shout than a rattle ; I did not examine any part of the body but the throat." Other witnesses were brought forward, but the testimony of Philip Dixon, who had, at the request of the female prisoner, fabricated a will, purporting to be " the last will" of the murdered man, being the most important, we give it. Dixon was also a ticket-of leave man, and had been a servant of the prisoner. Mrs. Hurford :- "I recollect (said he) the deceased John Hurford's death on Sunday, the 9th April ; I went to the house on that day and saw both the prisoners, and I saw the deceased sitting up in his bed ; I spoke to him, and he said he was a little shaken by a ride on horseback ; he talked of going over the next day to his new house ; he spoke to me quite manly and did not appear like a dying man ; Dodd and Mrs. Hurford appeared to be both in liquor; I left Hurford about half an hour before sunset ; on the day of the funeral I was left in charge of the house; in the latter part of June or beginning of July I accompanied Mrs. Hurford and Dodd down to the Vasse; Dodd got very tipsy ; when we got home he had a row with Mrs. Hurford ; he was going to 'shy' something at her ; he said, I'll make you come up to the scratch ; she went out to another room and began crying; she called me in and begged me to get him up to bed at the new house; I got him up to the new house to bed ; he said again he would make Mrs. Hurford come up to the scratch in the morning ; I said if she owed him any money, she would pay him; he answered, ' Oh, Phil, you know nothing about it;' I have murdered the old man, and she got me to do it ;' I said no more to him that night, as he was very tipsy. The next morning I called him on one side, and asked him if he remembered what he had said the last night. He said, Yes, he did ; he said he knew that I would say no more about it, because I had had a hand in the will; he knew that I had made out and forged a will, as the will of the deceased ; he said, that on the Sunday of Hurford's death, he and Mrs. Hurford had made up their minds at once what to do with the old man, and that they were making it up when I saw them at the new house on that Sunday, that she kept on giving him drink up to the night; she promised him ten pounds and the old man's horse called Turk, if he would murder the old man; that she kept looking out, and seeing that every one was asleep about the house ; that she went up to the new house to see if Norman was asleep, and returned and said he was: that he sent her again to see if they were all asleep in the old house ; that she went in with a lamp, came out again and told him that Norman and the others were all asleep. She brought a blanket out to him, but he said, take that away, for I know that won't do ; that he then went to the door of Mr. Hurford's room, but that he commenced trembling, and returned back, and Mrs Hurford met him. She said, Well? He told her he could not do it. She told him he had not the spirit of a louse ; she then brought him some wine, or other liquor in a cup. He drank it, returned to Hurford's room, and as he stretched out his hand towards Hurford's body, his hand touched Hurford who immediately called out a 'Bogajut, Bo- gajut' which was the name of a native that slept in the house, and of whom Hurford was very fond. With that he, Dodd, got hold of Hurford and throttled him; Hurford gave two kicks and stretched himself out ; that he then went out of Hurford's room, and Mrs. Hurford met him and said she had been making a noise in the bucket of water with her hand, to drown the noise, as she had heard Hurford shout out. She said to him, 'Have you done it ?' he said 'Yes.' She said, 'Be sure, for fear lest he get up and have us both taken;' he said, 'He is dead.' She went into the kitchen and brought a lamp out; they both went into Mr. Hurford's room ; they first ransacked the bed and Hurford's clothes, for it was always supposed Hurford had money on him. They found two shillings in money and some papers, and a title deed with a red diamond seat. Dodd said to me 'For God's sake, don't tell her what I have been telling you. ' In a day two after, Mrs. Hurford was kneading some bread, and I told her that Dodd had told me that he and she had murdered the old man. She turned quite white and trembled; she went out and called Dodd round the house ; soon after that Dodd came to me as I was greasing a cart on the field, and said 'Why, you have gone and told her?' I said 'Yes, I have, for I thought it was of no matter, as they both knew about it.' He afterwards came to me, and said 'For the world, don't tell Tommy;' shortly afterwards I did tell Tommy ; I mean Thomas Larkins ; Mrs. Hurford told me in Dodd's hearing, that they had arranged that Dodd was to get his conditional pardon and to be off to the Sound, and from there to the nearest port he could get to ; when I told Mrs. Hurford what Dodd had told me about the murder, she did not deny anything that Dodd had said, but exclaimed, ' What a foolish man he is.' " Cross-examined by Mr. Howell : I decline to say whether I have ever taken false oath ; I have mentioned what I have this day sworn to several persons at the Vasse in the hearing of Mr. Guerrier. There was a servant-woman named Wilcox, and a carpenter named Dobson, in the house above ; Dodd had the row with Mrs. Hurford on our return from the Vasse." Evidence for the defence having been heard, the Advocate-General replied. During his address he stated that an authority was something external to the speaker, bearing most emphatically and precisely upon the point in question, and previously uttered by some superior, not only to him, but by some one wholly impartial and unconscious of the use he was making of him. Lastly, the authority must be known and respected by the Jury. In advising the jury to use their common sense as to the signs of a violent, and those of a natural death, where should he seek his authority ? Not in the text books of his own profession. From the Poets he would borrow. A poet cannot please many and please long, without analysis and induction, without observation and reasoning. If, then, there were a poet famed for observation, the pride of England, the idol of Germany, the prized possession of America, as well as literary Europe, what, if on a precisely similar problem he had three centuries ago, penned these lines - , " See, how the blood is settled in his face! Oft have I seen a timely parted ghost. Of ashy semblance, meagre, pale, and bloodless, Being all descended to the labouring heart ; Who, in the conflict that it holds with death, Attracts the same for aidance 'gainst the enemy; > Which with the heart there cools, and ne'er returneth To brush and beautify the cheek again. But see, his face is bleak, and full of blood ; His eye-balls further out than when he lived, Staring full ghastly like a strangled man. His hair upreared, his nostrils stretch'd with struggling ; His hands abroad displayed, as one that grasped And tugg'd for life, and was by strength subdued. Look on the sheets, his hair, you see, is sticking; His well-proportioned beard made rough and rugged, Like to the summer's corn by tempest lodg'd. It cannot be, but he was murder'd here; The least of all these signs were probable." The main features of human life are the same now as then. The words of the witnesses-" his eyeballs were further out than when he lived" -are the words of Shakspeare. Verdict-Guilty both. Sentence of death was passed, and they are to be hung within the walls of the new gaol on Monday morning, the 15th of October. The closing scene of this sad tragedy thus detailed by the Commercial News of 17th October : "THE EXECUTION - The condemned criminals underwent the last penalty of the law on Monday morning at the new gaol, Perth. The woman was executed first, and alone. The male prisoner next: he did not appear to suffer much. The female made some convulsive movements. The body of Bridget Hurford, after hanging the usual time, was claimed by, and delivered to her relatives for the purpose of interment. There were many spectators present ; among whom, as usual, were a not inconsiderable number of women and children. We really do hope that an Act of Council will be passed authorising private executions. Publicity does no good whatever. " Mrs. Hurford was evidently under the impression that her life would be spared to the very last moment, although every effort had been used to convince her to the contrary. She fully confessed her crime, corroborating the evidence adduced at the trial. Dodd, on the contrary, implicated Dixon, stating that he was the actual murderer, while he (Dodd) was merely cognizant of the fact; that Dixon came to him while he was lying under the haystack, and said he was going to kill the old man, and that afterwards he returned saying that he had murdered Hurford. But if this is the fact, why did both he and the other prisoner, in their attempt to criminate Dixon at Bunbury, persist in affirm- ing that Dixon had poisoned Hurford. If he knew that Dixon was the real murderer, he would naturally give the correct history of the fact, and not a fictitious history. If Dixon had murdered Hurford by strangula- tion, as Dodd affirmed on Sunday night, what occasion was there for stating at Bunbury that Dixon murdered Hurford by poison? There can be no doubt from the confession of the woman, as well as by the clearest circumstantial evidence, that Dodd was the actual murderer, and we fear that his desire to implicate Dixon was not so much to save his own life, for he appeared to consider his case hopeless, as to wreak his vengeance on Dixon." BARON PLATT ON DRUNKENNESS. At the opening of the South Lancashire Assizes, on Tuesday, August 13th, Mr. Baron Platt, in charging the grand jury at Liverpool, again commented, as he had done at Durham and at Newcastle, on the prevalence of drunkenness. He said " He was sorry to say that the population of these northern counties were greatly addicted to the vice of intoxication a vice which they would find by the calendar, and by their enquiries connected with it, had led to the commission of nearly one-half the crime which they would have to investigate. Here, in this country, where labour was well rewarded, and where a man could not only live handsomely by his labour, but could, u he ought to do, lay up something for an evil day, and raise his wife and children above the level in which he himself had been originally placed ; instead of doing this, in consequence of the stupid, vile, and impoverishing appetite for drink, he and they remained little above the level of the beat. Where a large population was gathered, there also would the thieves gather to plunder and wherever drunkenness was found, there, too, the thieves would go- the thieves themselves being caught by the same vice and thus it was that this vice of drunkenness worked, doing more mischief to the community than anything else, destroying the strength of their manhood, u well u destroying their morals and depraving their appetites FCONI,-November ii. From Captain Dumaresq's ram : led and white bullock, near ear marked, like JA off ribs, 7 near rump: damages 5s. Grey horse, like WS near shoulder ; damages is. Yellow and white snail horned bullock, like WC over C or G over G off ribs ; damages 2s. 6d. If not released they will be SCMOJI the 27th December. 11, Counts, now. 