ST. G E O R G E'S DAY, ANNIVERSARY DINNER. THE Dinner in commemoration of the Anniversary of the Patron Saint of " Merrie England's took place in the large room at the Bird-in-Hand Argyle-street, on Monday, at seven o'clock. About sixty gentlemen sat down. The chair was occupied by the Worshipful William Gore Elliston, Major of Hobart Town, supported by T. D. Chapman, Est., M L.C., and A. Perry, Esq , M.L.C; John Curwen Walker, Esq, of Derwent Park, filled the vice-chair. Among the company we also noticed Aldermen Sims, Lipscombe, and Sly ; Messrs R. Lewis, Isaac Wright, j. Morgan, Morgan, S Nicholas, Champion, Holbird Thomas, Levien, Fisher, GorE. Harbottle, Latham, T. Nicholson, Todd, Story, Johnson, Cleary, Fail child, so. as. After dinner, which consisted of the delicacies as well as substantial of the season, and was served, under the active superintendence of Mr C. BurStian, in excellent style, the band (a portion of that of H.M. 90th, leader Mr Martin), performing several lively airs during the repast. The CHAIRMAN gave the usual loyal toasts. " The Queen three times three. Band National Anthem The Queen's illustrious Consort, Prince Albert, and all the Royal Family. Band-Prince Albert's March. 'The CnAia?iA1içJijllr,oduced the next toast as the toast of the kerbing, and one therefore which required anew observations, ?' St George and Memo England." He believed this was the first time they had had the pleasure of- associa- ting together in honor, of St, George's day J- ' '» ' z r I in this island. The fact was Englishmen were not now so much, in the habit of observing this day, although many years ago it was the custom to keep it, with a great deal of pageantry ; but in a fewyquarlors it was considered to be unnecessary now-a-days, and not quite the thing, and that a dinner in honor of St. George would be likely to endure party feeling. In those enlightened days, for his (the Mayor's) part, he was under no such apprehension. (Cheers.) Had he supposed that the observance of the day would lend in any way to excite unfriendly feelings, he would probably not have had the honor of appearing as chairman on this occasion, nor would he have done so. But, as be said before, he had no fears of the kind for he did believe the angry feelings arising from those little nationalities existed no longer. (Cheers.) They found, in fact, St George of England, St Andrew of Scotland, St. David of Wales, and St. Patrick of Ireland, fighting side by side, and presenting a valiant shale' x against the common enemy of civiliza- tion, and of the liberties of mankind. (Renewed applause.) There had been some doubt who St George was; and he (the Mayor) confessed he felt a difficulty on the subject, as there were different race meets concerning him, According to some he was supposed to have been born in Cap padlocks, his motion'! being a lady of considerable land d property in Palestine. He (the Mayor) did not know whether she had a maximum grant of land. (Laughter.) The son was said to be a soldier under Dioilcsiun, who fought with distinction, and attained a rank analagous to therefore colonel He was a Christian and a good man, and resigning his commission on Dioclcsian making war against the Christians, was afterwards be- headed. That was one account, but no doubt in my of the gentlemen present, as well as him. self, wore ignorant of the real facts of the birth and parentage of this gentleman. (A laugh) Another account was that St George came to Ljbia, and in the market- place of Suena, met with a pestiferous dragon, to whom the people had to give a couple of sheep every day, by way of satisfying his rapacity By-and-bye, as sheep were getting scarce, they had to give him one sheep less, and instead to let him have one man (A laugh). When the number of men was found to diminish, a law was made to give the dragon children instead of their fathers. This applied to all classes, high and low, rich and poor. At last it fell to the lot of the princess to be given to the dragon when the king besought his subjects to release his daughter from the necessity : this-. they refused; but they gave her eight days' grace, at the end of which the princess, dressed as if for a bridal, proceeded to the market-place. There- she happened to meet our friend and patron, St George. He asked her what was the matter : she said " go away'' (a laugh) ; he saw she was distressed, and probably kissed a tear from her check, as he (the Mayor) should have done daughter and cheers), and, when he understood the cause of her grief, St. George said " I'll go and sity this dragon for you." Upon which he fought with the dragon, and plunged his sword into his side, but did not kill him. He then placed a girdle round the dragon's neck and took him into the town, when the inhabitants in their alarm ran to the mountains, but were persuaded to come back. The upshot was that St. George killed the dragon in the presence of the people, and of course, he married the princess. (A laugh) Those were two tales respecting their friend, but how he came to be our patron, he (the Mayor) did not know, except that of the seven champions of Christendom St George was the strongest, and the ancient Britons (it was as far back as the Normans) chose him. The worshipful chairman concluded by two or three Shakesperian quotation referable to St. George Sound drum and trumpet, come on to victory, I . . r s . . Dravo St. George, onward to victory, so. and remarked that in the time of Henry VII. the Irish were obliged to cry " St. George and victory,'' whereas now the kingdoms were happily united in one glorious cause, and none would refuse to drink the toast, " To Merrie England." (Cheers). (Drunk with all the honours, and much applause ) Bund-" Sweet Home." The next toast was also given from the chair, " His Excellency the Governor, Sir Henry Fox Young.'' Much could not be said of His Excellency at present, but so far as they had seen of him he appeared to be moving in the right direction, and was making himself acquainted with the state of the colony; so that they had every reason to expect His Excellency would (make an independent part, unswayed by party feeling, and a course calculated to promote the true interests of the colony, which was just what we wanted. The toast was enthusiastically drunk. Band . "Old English Gentleman." Mr. PERRY, M. L. C, took the opportunity of reading a letter from Mr. W T. Solly, the Private Secretary, in reply to the invitation of the committee requesting His Excellency's company on this occasion. While sensible of the good feeling that existed between the different classes of the community, His Excellency entertained the opinion, that in his official position as Governor of the colony it was inexpedient that he should attend these festivities which might tend to keep up national distinctions in the colony, and therefore he begged to decline the invitation, Mr NICHOLSON-In my opinion, Mr. Chairman His Excellency ought not to have been asked. He never should have had an opportunity of refusing. (Cheers.) The CHAIRMAN, in giving " The Army and Navy" said that, never during his short life, did he remember a period when such a toast would be received more cordially than on this occa- 1 sion. With St. George, the patron of the Army, the soul of chivalry and of noble deeds ; with the exploits of the grand army in the Crimea, they had, without any war-cry, no fear of success ; St. George of England, St, Patrick of Ireland, St. Andrew of Scotland, St. David of Wales, and St Dennis of France, had unitedly licked old Nicholas (he meant no personal reflection on Mr Nicholson) but upon a gentleman far below us, (A laugh). However he must cut the matter short, and put it to the test. The health of the United Army and Navy, drank with three times three. J?aad-Rule Britannia. Mr. JOHN MORGAN returned thanks, and read a song recently composed by himself, bearing upon the present war. Some disappointment was expressed by the speaker at his resolution not being accompanied in the chorus by the band, but it was explained that at that moment' they were taking refreshment, and Mr. Martin came to the rescue in the chorus to the last verse, the tune being " British Grenadiers.'' The VICE-CHAIRMAN proposed the next toast *' Our Allies in the present war, which he did in a long but appropriate speech eulogistic of the French to whom, though near neighbors, we had been long opposed. France had felt that they had a brave foe to contend with, confident that if ever beaten by Such a power, there would be honor in defeat. And as they were now united, their hopes of success were well-founded, combined as they were against a barbarous foe. It were contrary to common reason, and common sense, that such armies should fight in vain. The God of armies himself knew what was the purpose of desired in this wars and that God of armies, in fulfilment of his purpose could not. traverse even improbabilities, and assuredly would bring about those results in favor of civilisation, liberty, and religion, which he had long predestinated. Drank with three times three, repeated most enthusiastically. His Worship the Mayor here said it was with great regret he had to tell them, that like the ghost in Hamlet, his time was come. But he was engaged to-escort some ladies to Mr. De. grave's, and must now retire. Mr. Chapman was similarly circumstanced, and on those gen. firemen leaving the room, the company lustily cheered. Mr Perry then took the chair. The toasts that followed were i " Our Adopted Land A " The Executive and Legislative Councils, J for which Mr Perry returned thanks.; was! " The Mayor and Aldermen of the City's? Acknowledged by Aldermen Sims Lipscombe and Sly. i ' , * " 1 he Commercial and Agricultural Interests of this Colony " l { . air LEVIEN, in returning thanks characterised the toast as one of great importance, and took occasion to express the opinion that from the way in which business was conducted in Hobart Town it might be expected to become a great commercial city.- There were some things, it was true which operated against them, and some Acts which retarded the mercantile interest, but he hoped the Legislative Council would, at this meeting, be induced to pass such measures as would tend to improve commerce, and advance the good of this community, (cheers) so that at no distant day the colony would attain that distinguished position in the scale of colonial possessions to which it was eminently entitled. (Applause ) V Ald. Lipscombe returned thanks in behalf of the Agricultural Interests. 6 "Lady Young and the Lndies,''j*vith which Mr Walker requested them to associate Lady - Denison, and the wives and w dows of those on. gaged in the war. Drank with all thcKJjonors. As.' Band-" All good Lasses." "" 'rely Mr Morgan returned thanks. " The Press of the Colony." " Our Host, Mr Basstian." Mr Perry here left the chair, the list of toasts having been gone through ; when those who did not retire, resolved themselves into a convivial meeting, which was continued to a late hour yesterday morning. 