ADELAIDE: TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1865. THE BALLOT. Our latest English dates place us in pos session of the recent division in the House of Commons on the subject of the ballot. As every one, however slightly conversant with English politics, must be aware, the ballot is one of those questions that maybe regarded as virtually settled. Ita legal enactment is a question of time. Tho ballot must wait its turn, as the repeal of the newspaper stamp duiy and other popular movements had to wait their turn. But the ballot is an idea firmly rooted in the English mind, notwith standing its 'un-Engliah' character ; and the day is not far distant when its protective safe guard will cease to be monopolized by aristo cratic clubs and patrician societies. Out of a House of 384 members on the 22nd of last May, 166 recorded their votes in favour of this system, the division showing a steady increase as compared with previous years, notwith standing the desperate opposition put forth by the country squirearchy and landed aristocracy. In a country like England we need not won der that the ballot should be opposed. The dominant classes would be unable to control those beneath them if secret voting were per mitted. It is quite true that a tyrant landlord or employer, even under the ballot, might put his tenant or servant to the question, aud extort from him, under threats and penalties, the secret of bis vote. But', even in the dominant classes there are not many who would choose to incur the tremendous odium that would fall upon them as the ministers of a political inquisition, nor could they be assured that the confessions dragged from their victims would always be the truth. All this they are perfectly aware of, and therefore fight des perately against the ballot, knowing that it would at once sap the foundation of their own power, and emancipate their political serfe. It is natural that the ballot should be on these grounds opposed in England. The political history of England is yet in its transition period. In the great towns and cities a much more advanced degree of political freedom is enjoyed than the small towns and country con stituencies have realized. It is not astonishing that the ballot should be condemned where the grinding tyranny of Game Laws, of Church rate confiscations, and of Ecclesiastical Court martyrdoms yet continue to exist. But either the great towns and cities must recede, or the smaller constituencies must rise to equal pri vileges ; and he is a slow interpreter of public events who fails to determine which. But in this colony we hare no such political barriers to overleap. The . ballot question is not, with us, mixed up with a host of other vexed issues, in which the pleasure of the few strives against the rights of the many. That which the political experience of England- has proved to be necessary, and which the common sense of England has declared to be good, will not have, in this colony, to fight its way through the hostile territory of aristocracy and landlordism. 'What the people of England want, but find hard to get, we want, and shall, if true to ourselves, find easy of accomplish ment. Let the electors take care to surround their new Constitution with the safeguard of the ballot; It is contrary to facts to say that we do not require it. Intimidation does not here assume the extreme form of menace which it sometimes does in England ; but we know perfectly well that the3e lines will pass under the eyes of many of our readers who are not left altogether free to exercise their political judgment. It is not for the labourer or for the mechanic that the ballot is chiefly needed, though to some of these classes it may afford valuable protection ; but under the present system of conducting elections, the very nume rous class of small tradesmen are subjected to perpetual inconvenience and annoyance. They are continually in danger of offending their cus tomers, who, if they do not resort to actual intimidation, have ways and means enough to make their wishes understood. It is no test whatever of an elector's actual independence to call out at a public meeting, 'Let the man that's afraid to vote openly stand up and show himself.' It is not likely that those who are under political intimidation will proclaim their own dishonour after this fashion. But the fact remains that many people are under im proper influence ; and that many others habi. tually refrain from registering themselves, simply in order to escape annoyance and pro bable loss in business. These who deny this are either waging a hopeless contest with -facts, or are ignorant of what they might, with very little labour, ascertain. We write, however, not so much to convince the opponents of the ballot, as to stimulate those who see and feel its necessity to demand its enactment. If the people of South Australia would strike a death blow at political dictation, and would enjoy the unshackled exercise of their rights as electo s let them unite to return men to the next Council -who will give them the ballot, and return none others. As we have already remarked, it is hopeless to expect that any force of argument would convert the opponents of the ballot, because their objection to that system is not always founded on considerations of political philo sophy. : As long as they can tell how electors vote, they can distribute their frowns and favours accordingly. The ballot is not merely disbelieved as a principle, it is detested as a practice. Argument is, therefore, thrown away upon opponents who occupy thi3 ground. But when it is impossible to convince an op ponent, it may be of some use to silence him ; and, by way of stopping irrational objections to the ballot, we would ask whether, in an As sembly so strongly representing the aristocratic element as does the British House of Commons, » minority of 166 against 218 could be found o give then1 support to an un-English system I ?JVhy ^should candidates ?or the honour of seats in the Legislative Council of South Aus tralia consider themselves too great to stoop to a question which 166 British legislators endorse in one division? If the ballot does not de grade the ancient majesty of England,' it will not tarnish the youthful glory of South Aus tralia. And what are the names of the men who advocate' the ballot in the British House of Commons? There b nothingVulgar or plebeian in the names of Berkeley, Bouveriej Byng, Dashwood, Duncan, Duncombe, Ellice, For tescue, Goderich, Gordon, Grower, Greville, King, Kinnaird, Lindsay, Paget, Peel, Sey mour, Villiers, Vivian ; yet these are but a few taken at random from the large number of per sons connected with the aristocratic families of Britain whose votes were alirrecorded in the last division in favour of the ballot. Surely, with such names in favour of such a question, we ought to hear nothing more at least about the -vulgarity and un-Englishness of the ballot; and when we find such political writers as xtlackstone, Bentham, Mill, and Macaulay lending it the sanction of their weighty authority, we need scarcely regard it as an unconsidered crudity. But, after all, it is not because of the approbation of political essayists, nor because of the sanction of noble families, that we declare our 'adhesion to this principle. The ballot is justified, if only as an experiment, in consequence of the notorious failure of open voting to secure the indepen dence of the electors. It is further justified by the practice of ancient and modern states, and, above all, by the popular demand of the people, who in now asking for the ballot know per fectly well the reasons why they want it. Again, therefore, we urge the electors to make the ballot a sine qua non in the present contest, and to pledge their representatives to support this most important principle in Council. The opponents of the ballot seem to imagine that under this system electors would be compelled by law to suppress their political opinions! Even Lord Palmerston believes, or feigns to believe, that such is the intention. In the recent debate,' the noble Viscount is reported to have said — 'No law that you could pass would compel the majority of the electors of England to vote in secret ; no law could compel the people to nippress the political opinions which they #»- tertain' It could scarcely have been deemed credible that a man of Lord Palmerston's ex perience would have so egregiously perverted the real intent of the ballot. The noble Lord, however, answers himself in another part of the same speech, where he observes— 'We are often told that we ought to follow the ex ample of the United States, and that ;in the United States votes are given by ballot. That is a complete mistake, as bearing on the proposal now under con sideration. It is perfect!/ true that in the United Stares votes are given by ballot, but they do not profess to Is secret. Secrecy is not the object; His convenience, in order that votes may be given at elections going on at different places at the same time. 'S j far from votes being secret, it is as well known in the United States how every man votes as it is in this country ; and the electors of the United States are as proud of their votes as arc the electors of England, and would scorn to have their rotes recorded in secrecy.' This acknowledgment meets both sides of the argument. The ballot gives protection to those who need it ; but it does not prevent the freest expression of political opinion on the part of those who wish to declare themselves Dpenly. It is, therefore, the fairest method for ilL Those who advocate the ballot do not sesk to gag their neighbours; but tho3ewho refuse the ballot are fairly chargeable with ex torting from their neighbours what they have no claim to know, and no right to publish. City Eiectokai. Districts. — Cotjbts pf Revision.— The Courts of Revisions for the City will be held as follows : — For the District of East Adelaide, at the Local Court-house, on Wednesday, the 12th September, at 12 o'clock noon. Presiding Officer, Mr. Alderman Lazar. For the District of North Adelaide, at Champion's (late the Huntsman's) Hotel, O'Connell-street, on Thursday, the 13th of September, at 12 o'clock noon. Presiding Officer, Mr.- Alderman GHaridfield. For the District of 'West Adelaide, at the Local Court-house, on Friday, the 14th of Sep tember, at 12 o'clock noon. Presiding Officer, His 'Worship the Mayor. Electorai Districts of Victoria _ axd Stanley. — Mr. R. B. Colley is appointed Returning Officer, in Adelaide, for the District of Victoria and for. the District of Stanley. Eoyai, Victobia Thbathb. — The house was crowded last evening from the orchestra to the ceilmg to witness the debit of the infant actress, Mis* Anna Maria Qninn. The notices of the press, and the rumoured reputation that had preceded the little pro digy, prepared the public for no common treat, and, unlike most cases where expectation is strained to the utmost, there was no disappointment. ? The first act of Hamlet was got up with tolerable care, and in the second scene Miss Quinn appeared as the grief-stricken Prince. ' Her first appearance satisfied the audience that a performer of no mean pretensions was before them. The make-up was perfect; she looked a Lilliputian Macready, not alone in inky cloak or sable trappings but in the sorrow-absorbed mien and utter indif ference to the pomp and circumstance that surrounded her. Still the' mind could scarcely conceive the pos sibility of a child so young (but seven years of age), even if tricked out in the garb and schooled into expression of a particular feeling, going creditably through the trying scenes on the platform which have tried the energies of the most celebrated performer:. Yet all this was done, and excellently well done, by little Miss Quinn. She delivered the first soliloquy with taste and energy; she heard the* story of the apparition with natural surprise, but with the easy credence of one who had vague and indefinite suspicions that required development or dispersion. Her adjuration of the Ghost was passionately earnest, and she failed the enquiries of the partners of her watch with a happy mixture of badinage and solemnity that many ah old stager might well envy. Of the other characters it is scarcely necessary to speak. Mr. Vlnson was correct ' and impressive as Horatio. Miss Murray looked quite ?queenly as Gertrude, which was all she had to do. Miss Graham looked innocent and interesting, and nothing more, is reqnired of Ophelia in the first act The Messrs. Melville were as graceful as usual, and Mr. Cox, who played the Ghost well, woul I have done it better had he not repeated most maladroitly, V This eternal blazon must not be,' by way of preface to the very matter he ' burst his cere ments' to disclose the story of his murder. On the fall of the '«urtain the house resounded with a call for Miss Quinn. She appeared with Mr. Vinson. who in a neat speech expressed trio acKnowieugmcnts of his accomplished and talented pupil. A lively little piece fo'lowed, named ' 'Who speaks first,' in which Mr. Cox, Miss Graham, Mr. Hnon, Mr. Downey, and Mrs. Downey, each and all contributed to' a hearty half-hour's amusement. Then followed the great and astounding feat of the evening — the personation of six characters by Miss Quinn. In the ' Actress of All-work ' she . represented an enterprising girl wilting to make no common effort to be near her lover, and to effect that object introduces herself to Ms father, the Manager (Vinson), in the dif ferent similitudes of a rawconntry girl who wants to play at the showhouee, the grandmother of the aspirant for theatrical honours, and one who has had her own engagements imd triumphs hi her time; a fashionable actress, graceful, imposing, and exacting; and a fast young man, hir admirer, well skilled in the modern arts for securing a run for a new piece, or entrapping the oublic into applauding a particular actor; a French figurante, proud of h»r postures, her foreign origin, and her broken|English; and, again, the sweetheart of th? Manager's son. In all those characters, assumed in ra--id succession, the little comedian fairly took the house by storm. Plaudit followed plaudit until the fall of the curtain, when for the second time she was summoned to receive the tribute of a delighted audience. It was an nounced that Miss Quinn will appear on Wednesday evening in the dungeon scene from 'King John,' and as litUe Pickle in the 'Spoiled Child.' The IsnnGRAJrrs' Depot. — Having ascer tained that there would be an enquiry into the recent disturbances at the Immigrants' Depot, we attended jes ter Jay afternoon, but learned that it was postponed until to-day. Mb. ?WKfTWOBTH.— Various rumours are afloat, since the arrival of the last mail, as to the position and prospects of Mr. Wentworth at the seat of British po arer. We have already published some of these rumours ; others go to say that the 'Great Son of the Soil' has positively refused a baronetcy, with the still higher at traction of C.B. Without questioninz the authenticity of these particular rumours, we will pass to what seem to be opinions of some authority. We believe, then, letters have been received from persons in England who eertainly have the best opportunities of seeing the faint 'shadows' that fall before such 'coming events,' in which opinions are expressed that the late member for Sydney will return to the colony Sir William Charles Wentworth, Baronet, and will bring his Constitution, despite the opposition of the colonists, in the form of an Imperial Act, in his pocket. Su-h are the opinions con veyed to us of persons by no means favourable to the politicalobjccts of Mr. Wentworth. We candidly acknow ledge that we shall bo greatly surprised if these surmises turn out to be correct; bnt we shall not hare so much reason to be sorry as the authors of the Constitution Bill themselves, for we believe the attempt to work out the principles of this measure will do more than all the demo cratic turbulence they so much dread to destroy their political existence as a party, snd ultimately defeat their own ends. We cannot, however, believe that a Bill bo thoroughly opposed in principle to the British feelings of the colony, and which aims at such flagrant spoliations, will be ratified by the Imperial Parliament.— Sidney Empire. 