THE GHOST OF COBBETT TO THE EARL OF ABERDEEN.' (From Punch.) Aberdeenshire look here, will you ? I have been reading your Speech. When I say your Speech, I mean that which yow concocted, and which Cranworth, your precious Chancellor, presented to the Queen that she might read it to the Lords, Commons, Women, and Reporters, on Tuesday last. The Queen, of course, had nothing to do with the composition and though ' you, with your national impudence, will accuse me of disrespect to her, you know that I mean nothing of the kind. I am writing to by (in, and about you;. Old Woman. " You never had" so good an opportunity of writing a Speech in which strong things could . properly be said in a strong manner. You ' might have blown a trumpet, and have set Eng ' lish blood in a flame with the music. You have preferred to squeak upon a penny whistle, and to speak out of tune. The Speech is the very worst that ever was delivered. However," I shall I confine myself to a notice of its bad grammar. " You cannot get through the first line with out a Scotch mull. ' "' T have called you together at this' UKXTStrAI, 1 period of the year. "What do you mean by that, oh ? Why is the period of the year unusual ? Is it unusual to have winter, or to have December, or to have a twelfth of December?' The period is not unusual. What I suppose you meant was, that it is unusual for Parliament to meet in December. Then why could you not say so? Why not have written, The period (slipslop) afwllich I have callctryou together (a vulgar phrase) is an unusual one ?'' , " Well; you go on " ' That BY your assistance Imaytalte such measures' [ With your assistance] as will enable me to prosecute the great war in which we are engaged with the utmost vigor. " We are not engaged in the war with the ut- most vigor, What you mean is, that you want measures by means of which the war may be prosecuted with the utmost vigor; not that youthful, but you wished Queen Victoria to say that you ? do. Then why not write down for her what you meant? connor doubt that you share? my conviction of the necessity of sparing no effort to augment my forces engaged in the Crimea.' " This is not ungrammatical, but a weaker, sloppier phrase for the description of a strong act was never devised. But you cannot long adhere even to such English as that. " The exertions THEY have made' [mean writing-why not have said, which my soldiers have meadowland the victories they have obtained are not exceeded in the brightest page of histon)." How can exertions and victories be' exceeded in pages? Exertions you had better have made a few are the acts of men, pages are /ja/je/y and it is sheer slips. which brings them together, as if they were things of the same nature. What you meant was, that the brightest pages (Mi- nerve Press)' of history record nothing exceeding in merit and glory the exertions,' &c.; " The hearty and efficient co-operation of the brave troops of my ally, the EMPEROR or' SUB FRENCH, and the glory, See. " Co-operation with whom or what? ' Do you mean that the troops co-operated with' cool: other? Of course they did, but you der and mean that. But you do not say with whom they cooperated. Why not have said that they co-operated with my forces ? ' Because you write like a Lord, that is to say, abominably. " But this co-operation with nobody, " ' Cannot fail to cement still more closely [than what ?] the union which happily, subsist between the two countries' [what two " Slipslop, again J Do you know what element is Or do you know what a union. is A union means an accomplished fact, to use Gallican jargon. How can more cement be used after a union ? My bricklayer's apprentice could tend you better. "'I have also concluded,adrealy with America by which SUBJECTS of long and difficult discussions have been adjusted.' Even an American- would have written better English. Adjust a subject! QUESTIONS you meant, I presume. " 'I trust that other matters [mean, again,] 'a; great INTEREST and import trade to USE general welfare will not be neglected? " interest to the general welfare. I do not entirely approve of flogging, I strongly disapprove of flogging women (your friend and ally, the Austrian, thinks differently), and I should shudder to flog an Old Woman. So you are safe. But such a sentence ought to.cnsurotoa lad of four teen a whipping which would make even you House of Lords cushion no easy seat. ' Subject (again) of interest to the general public' "Now, Aberdeen, do not, with your impudence say that I find fault for tho sake of finding fault I can praise when people deserve praise The last paragraph in your speech a very decent, and I believe that Bill Gladstone wrote it. The statement that Pat lia ment exhibits the example of a united people would be rubbish but for its clever subtlety, which implies (a lie) that Parliament represents the people The last sentence is vulgarly clumsy, ' thus on the trust' having no connection. But the ser timent is unexceptionable, so I quote the pal says : " ' I feel assured that in the momentous contest in which we are engaged you will exhibit to the world the example of a united people. TJiitssha, we obtain the respect of other nations, and we trust that by the blessing of God we shall bring the war to a successful termination.' "I trust that we shall. But we shall or while the country tolerates you as Prime Miinii repress remain. barrier. yours disrespectfully. " WILLIAM COUUETT'S GHOST. "Ixridiron tJottngo, Letho Bank." 