#02 yunta i&ortt;íng fâmlb. TUESDAY, JANUARY 16, 1855. THE most recent intelligence from New Zealand is of a character to create alarm and anxiety in the minds of all interested in the future of one of the most interesting, the most beautiful, and the most important of British colonies. The sport of official incapacity, and the victim of Imperial misrule-no possession of the British Crown has been so favoured by nature so cruelly abused by human government. From the date of its earliest occupation down to the present period, the history of New Zealand has been a perpetual and consistent succession of crimes and blunders a record of folly and iniquity almost without parallel in the annals of European colonization. The latest aspect of New Zealand affairs, as indicated by our Auckland correspondent, is such that a second insurrection of the natives may justly be apprehended. The causes of quarrel are two : the much vexed and vexatious land question, and the recent murder of a Maori chief by an European in the town of Auckland. The former of these, though the more remote, is the more serious and formidable ; the latter is the more immediately impending. For the first time, we believe, since the British occupa- tion for the first time, at least, in the Northern Province-the courts of law will be called upon to adjudicate a capital case, where a white man is the offender and a native, the victim. The matter is one of extreme delicacy and danger. The stern rigour of Maori law, which requires that blood shall atone for blood, and which refuses to recognise any distinction between murder and mere manslaughter, will not be satisfied with any punishment which shall spare the life of the criminal; and as it is more than probable" under the circumstances, that a verdict of manslaughter only will be recorded, the Maories, and especially the friends and relatives of the deceased, will conceive that justice has not been fairly administered. Already threats of vengeance have been publicly uttered, we are told, in anticipation of the too lenient sentence of the British Court. It is a fact, that during the two days of the Auckland races, when the majority of the European inhabitants were out of town, one hundred soldiers were retained under arms, in readiness for the threatened outbreak. That such a measure should have been deemed necessary by those not usually disposed to be over- cautious in such circumstances, is a sufficient proof the extent of the danger to be apprehended, and we shall look forward with considerable anxiety to the day of trial. That the prisoner will not be found guilty of the capital offence, is more than pro- bable for we can hardly conceive that a British jury would hang the man, merely to please the natives. The land question-the final settlement of which can scarcely happen withoutwarandblood shed-has lately assumed a novel and singular phase of infinite perplexity, and of great interest as illustrative of the character of the remarkable Maori race. The subject of difference is regarding the pro- prietorship of ascertain- tract of land, claimed alike by a private individual and by the local [ government, and it is a curious fact that in this dispute we find the untutored savage insisting upon the strict observance of his plighted word, which a covetous and unscrupulous Governor would tempt him to violate. The matter stands thus The treaty of Waitangi in 1841, by which we acquired (in somewhat an extraordinary manner it must be confessed, the sovereignty of New Zealand, prohibited the sale of any lands by natives to individual settlers, and vested a monopoly of purchase in the Government. Prior to the date of this ordinance, however, and while the country was, to all intents and purposes, an independent state, many European settlers had acquired, or pretended to have acquired, tracts of land in various districts- some by actual and honest purchase, others in a more equivocal manner. It was the business of Government to settle all such claims, and a commission was appointed for that purpose, whose awards gave more or less satisfaction. We need not say that a great many of the claims were utterly unfounded or ludicrously extravagant. But there were claims, on the other hand, which, on the testimony of the natives themselves, were just and reasonable and it must be admitted, that in such matters there could be no better evidence than that of the natives themselves. Among those who conceived themselves wronged by the decision of the Land Commissioners, and who was certainly able to bring forward the clearest and most undeniable title to his claims, was Mr. JAMES BUSBY, an old and much respected settler of the Bay of Islands, who refused to accept the compromise offered by Government to certain of the land claimants, and who insists upon a total and unconditional surrender to him of certain properties which the Government have appropriated for the public uses. The former native proprietors, from whom Mr. BUSBY derives his claim, unequivocally and stoutly persist in maintaining that gentleman's rights, and by the latest accounts are prepared to offer a violent opposition to the Government, in what they consider an unjust appropriation of Mr. BUSBY'S possessions. By the latest accounts the matter has assumed a very serious aspect, and it is difficult to say what may be the issue, should the Government attempt to coerce the refractory tribes. Without entering into the merits of Mr. BUSBY'S claims, we cannot refrain from repro- bating the conduct of the Local Government in thus incurring the danger of a long and bloody war, in order to compel the natives to repudiate a contract which they have honestly and candidly acknowledged to be solemn and binding. The validity of the transfer being admitted by the transferees themselves, we cannot perceive by what principle of law or equity the Government can step in, as a third party, and declare the contract invalid. The past career of our Government has not been such as to inspire the Maories with any high opinion of its honesty or justice, and should this unworthy dispute be carried to its height, the world will see the singular spectacle of a civilized power, warring with savages for being too honourable to connive at a breach of faith. In the midst of these alarming circumstances, the Imperial Government have ordered home the troops that now garrison the town of Auckland. The local authorities, it is to be hoped, have some discretion in retaining her MAJESTY'S forces at the present conjuncture, or else we do not know what is to prevent the seizure of the Auckland province by the Maories, should they be inclined to hostility. The crisis is one that will call for all the foresight, energy, and pru- dence of Acting-Governor WYNYARD, and by the manner in which he shall meet it, will he prove his fitness or otherwise for the permanent high office to which he aspires THE hopes and fears which have often agitated the civilised nations in reference to the fate of Sir JOHN FRANKLIN and his gallant companions have finally ended, and the dread certainty of his melancholy fate is finally sealed. No instance of modern times has awakened so much sympathy and excited so much enterprise. Every branch of the Anglo-Saxon race adopted the case of Sir JOHN FRANKLIN as its own. In this question both the Cabinets of St. Petersburg and London have expressed a mutual con- currence, and one generous desire. Lady FRANKLIN, with that eminent devotedness and undying affection which has rendered her name respectable in the eyes of all nations, filled the world with her entreaties for help for one who had devoted his life to the cause of science-the cause of all nations. Every kind of resource within the reach of nautical skill and commercial enterprise has been applied to solve the mystery of Sir JOHN FRANKLIN'S fate. The great problem which he aimed to determine has been settled by the perseverance of an officer who chiefly sought the navigator himself. It is thus frequently "that the beat concerted plans and the warmest hopes are disappointed, and strangers and accidents disclose what science has attempted in vain. The mystery of the North-west Passage has been at length terminated. It is now known that what was supposed to be probable, is true. Thus also many have been sent forth to find some of the relicts of the intrepid band, and to provide succour for them if they yet survived. But it was given to the wandering savage to afford them momentary relief, and to witness the mournful evidences that that relief was " unavailing. Sir JOHN FRANKLIN entered the navy in very early life. Being, we believe, the son of a tradesman, he was indebted to his own intrepidity and self-command, for his rise in rank and fame. Fifty-one years ago be entered the harbour of Port Jackson in company with the great navigator FLINDERS, to whose family recently tardy justice has been done. Sir JOHN FRANKLIN saw the first expedition leave our shores for the neighbouring colony of Van Diemen's Land. Many were the vicissitudes of fortune through which he passed before the reins of its government devolved upon him. Thus early identified with the interests of these colonies they always engaged his kindest sympathies. The memory of FLINDERS was especially dear to him. When Governor of Van Diemen's Land he gave a touching proof of the warmth of that remembrance, by raising a monument to the name of his early commander, in the neighbourhood of Adelaide, which was the boundary of his discoveries. Sir JOHN FRANKLIN paid a simi- j lar tribute of respect to an early vice-regal pre- I decessor. The grave of the first Governor had long been trodden under foot, unnoticed; and to mark the spot where his remains now rest, Sir JOHN, at his own expense, reared a pyramidal tomb, inscribing all those emblems of his former occupation, which seem always to commend themselves to the heart of a sailor. " He gave him all a Ghost could have-a name." From these incidents we may infer that the mind of Sir JOHN FRANKLIN was susceptible of the most generous emotions, and that he appreciated that tribute which civilization always pays to the dead-himself doomed to leave his ashes in a frozen desert, or to find a seaman's grave. Sir JOHN FRANKLIN first became known to scientific men by his journeys of discovery. The narrative of the sufferings he endured remark- able for its simplicity and tenderness-was eagerly read some five and thirty years ago. It was not long before another nation had given example of the frantic despair of men reduced to sudden distress. The calm intrepidity, the forethought, the constancy, and the genuine sailors' trust in the goodness and protection of the ALMIGHTY during a journey of almost unexampled fatigue and peril, won the admiration of the British nation, and stood in striking contrast with the wild ravings and fury of men only just recovered from the demoralization of public atheism. Sir JOHN FRANKLIN was fortunate enough to obtain the high consideration of WILLIAM IV. himself a sailor. Government was not a science which Sir JOHN FRANKLIN had studied much ; but in the spirit of those times, it was thought that a government was the proper reward for successful services in whatever cause. No one can doubt that an honest, earnest man will often make up for the deficiencies of education and practical training, but to us now, it certainly appears increasingly absurd to give a sailor the management of a young state, as the recompense of labours in a field entirely distinct, and in many respects incongruous ; but so it was. Sir JOHN FRANKLIN earnestly desired to do his duty. He succeeded a gentleman who made government not only an art but a mys- tery who carried on a colonial administration sometimes by the rules of the purest morality, and sometimes by the system of MACHIAVEL. Sir JOHN FRANKLIN was incapable of artifice ; he was often deceived ; his measures were sometimes erroneous and impolitic ; sometimes they received an unfavourable impression from even that very rigid morality which requires always to be illuminated by the clearest understanding. But if a Governor who found a way to the love of the best part of a population of those whose interests in the soil are permanent-of the rising generation - deserves to be esteemed a wise and good man, such Sir JOHN FRANKLIN was. No man left behind him warmer friends. It is true that Lord STANLEY, with the fierceness of his natural temper, treated Sir JOHN with both incivility and injustice, when certain circumstances were submitted to his arbitration, and there were not want- ing some who made even the virtues of this excellent man the medium of reproach. Still he was beloved, and no one can doubt, who knows the generous character of the Tasmanian people, that in the most sunny spot of their beautiful island, they will rear a memorial to the memory of a ruler who spared no pains, and who spared no expense to promote their interests, and to provide instruction for their children. Captain CroziER, who visited Sir JOHN FRANKLIN in command of the Erebus and Terror, while in his Government, accompanied him in his last expedition, and became the companion of his fate. It was the wish of Sir JOHN FRANKLIN to form a superior school or college ; the site was selected, and among those who took a conspicuous part in laying the foundation, was Captain CROZIER and his officers. The foundation was demolished by thieves, and the coins placed beneath it rifled ; but what could be expected from a population, where two-thirds at least were suffering from " some mistakes of the law !" Yet what Sir JOHN FRANKLIN failed to effect, has been accomplished in another form, and large contributions which he left for the purpose will long remain as the memorials of his princely munificence. Sir JOHN FRANKLIN was an out-spoken resolute sailor. Once, when his attention, called to the weakness of the Hobart^Tnv^Jfortifications, the spokes- man said, ïfzjiSr should a couple of ships of war present themselves, what should we do in such a case ?" The prompt reply was, " why take them, to be a sure." Sir JOHN FRANKLIN was remarkable for the lively interest he took in the pleasures of little children. Whenever he met them, and of whatever rank, he was sure to have for them a kind word and a smile and among those habits which rendered him always their delight was that of providing rather largely small toys and presents for the encouragement of his little friends. The death of Sir JOHN FRANKLIN and his companions is very mournful, and will plunge many a circle into the deepest sorrow. After all, his life has ended not in gloriously, for the place of burial or the manner of death was not of much importance to a man of his moral Stamina and ardent confidence in an overruling Providence and a future state. Some have pretended to say that the enterprise was foolhardy, and that it was not a work to be undertaken by an aged man. Commerce has its martyrs, and war its victims and we know not that those who have lost their lives in a great enterprise the full results of which we are now incapable of appreciating, have not been quite as eminent benefactors to their species, and served their MAKES quite as acceptably as those who put their lives in jeopardy for the attainment of a boy, or the pursuit of a bubble ! 