AMERICAN NAMES AND THEIR RATIONALE. , (Front tho Weekty Nev».) I , Tlio; love sick girl of Verona in thohóydáy of lier passion ótico nskod of herself " What's in a namo !" -nnd'fttrther remarked that "a rnno hy any other name would smell as sweot." To Judge of tho titles bestowed at tho present time upon all sorts of articles and things, ono would think that n great majority of tho American people wera of tho Burne opinion ns Jttliot. ? In» groat majority of cases where tho name of a living! celobrity ls adopted, a compliment is no doubt intended, but it ls often of so ambiguous a nature as to bo anything but fluttering to tho god- father. Not long sineo a Cincinnati tloalor iii Ca vondisb, plug, nnturnl leaf and fine out, announced a now'nnd primo article, to bo culled tho "Julia Denn Chowing Tobacco." As tho tragedienne does not, wo understand, uso tho weed in any shape, tho felicity of tho title Is by no means perspicuous. Tho San Francisco^papers tcom with eulogies of tho " Lola J font os Razor." . Though wo behove tho orratio Countess capable of almost anything, ooidar demonstration never taught IIB tho*fact of horbolng in asimilar condition to the Boarded Lady. Tho fast young gentlemen of Boston will ramembcr tho furor some fow years sineo atten- dant upon tho introduction of Stetfunono Flinch, but wo bave yet to learn that tho notos oPtho italian nightingale wero over rendered sweater by its uso. Tho drink most In voguo nt prosont with "Young New York," ls, wo boliovc, styled an " anaconda." Tho nama may bo accounted for by tho fact that probably after sovcrnl (allopathic) doses, a man generally feels ' of tho Snake Snaky." *f be genius of Ditmas was singularly honoured in the Monto Christo band of elgnrs, whifo s liko testimonial lins boon tondorcd tho memory of Benjamin Franklin. A baniuo 1/oaring tho namo of Elissa Logan rccotitly sailed from Savan- nah, whilo nt St. Louis wo notlco that Sirs. Farren and John M. Botts aro to trot for 200 dollars a side, two milo heats, to wagons. The William Penn rovolvor is hardly moro of a misnomor than tho Killin ilurrltt gunpowder. Tho Colesto Hair Dyo may bo accounted for, by a momory of tho rnvoti tresses of that poorloss danseuse, list what authority is tboro for tho Harriot Martineau Tooth Wash Î American authoresses and pootastrcssos-wa didn't coin that word-havo a peculiar fancy nt prosont of adopting floral and vogotuhlo nommes de plumes. Wo have Fanny Fern ami Wlniilo Wood fern. Etilo livergrcon anil Minnie Myrtle Wo may yet lio|io for, Celia Cauliflower, Adelo Artichoke, ilgsslo Buckwheat, and Ulive Oysters. Alliteration seems un csiwchil penchant of tho yellow covered nouvollolio writers. Wo havo " Heil llovengors" und " llloodv bold buccaneers of Ibo black brigantine" in any abundance. Not long BIIICO n Western Journal announced tba forthcoming pub licatlon of " Donahl of the Devil'* Dem or, (be Doom and the Death of the Doubly Damned !" Somoof the American names for streets ore most bi-npnropriato. Bummer street is exces- sively cold in winier, nnd wo never heard of a match being mode in Union-street. Thoy do say tbnt liquor is sold in Water-stroet. In California wo find the most outre namos for localities. Tliero is Big Bear Lurch and Drunk- ard's Bar, Monkey Creek, and Smith's Squat, and so on ad infinitum. Wo might prolong our instances to a. greater extent, yet wo think wo havo adduced enough to show that there is something radically wrong in the general system of nomenclature. How and when it can or will bo improved, it is for Ameri- cans to determine. As ACTOR IS A "FIX.-A better illustration of stage costume is afforded us in tho history of (I think, Bensley). Ho had to play Henry VI in "Richard tho Third." After tho monarch's death in the early part of tho play, ho had to nppour for a moment or two'as his own ghost, in the fifth act. Tho spirits wero nt that timo exhibited en buste, by a tran. Kow our Henry was invited out to sup- per, and being anxious to get thore carly, nnd knowing tbnt little moro than his shoulders would be seen uy tho public, ho retained his black velvet ve.it and bugles ¡ but, discarding tho lower part of his stage costume, he drow on a jaunty pair of now, tight, nankoon pantaloons, to bo os far dressed for bis 8uppor company as bo could. When ho stood on tho trap, he cautioned tim men wiro turned tho crank not to raise him _ ns high as usual, and of course they promised to obey. But a wicked low comedian was at hand, whose lové of mischief nrorailed over his judgment, and ho suddenly applied himself with such goodwill to tho winoh tbnt ho ran King Henry right up to a level with tho stage ¡ and moreover guvo his majesty such a Jerk, that ho was forced to step from tho trap on to the boards, tosnvo himself from falling. The sight of tho old Lancastrian monarch in a costume of two such different periods, medimval above, all nankeen and novelty below, was destructivo of all decorum both before the stage and upon it. Tho audience emphatically " split their sides ;'. and as for tho tyrant in tho tent, he sat bolt upright, and burst into such nn insane roar, that tho real Richard could not have looked moro frantically hysterical had the deceased Henry actually so visited him in tho' nankeen tights. Dr. Doran'« Habit» and Men. MR. Gor/on, THE TBMPBRAKCB LnoTunim. There cnn bo no more convincing proof that the nation does not sulfor tho war-mania to absorb its interest in all mundane matters, than the fact that the Temperance orator, Mr. Gough, continuos to attract crowded attdionccs td listen to his vehement Alcbolics. A man who plays upon ono string, must play well to attract many. Mr. Gough has played upon ono string for tbeso lust eighteen months, and the interest of tho publia in his per- formances increases rather than abates. We use the word, ".performances" notât all in an invidi- ous sense, for wo believe Mr. Gough to bo perfectly > sincere, in spite of tho suspicion which attaches t¡fl a speculation in which tho orator receives the in- come of an opera-singer for telling tho fui th that j is in him ; but wo use it because no fitter one prc* J sen ts itself. Wo heard Mr. Gough the other evening, and tho effect produced upon us was like j that of uilmiruble dramatio representation. What other ofll'ct could ho ' produced by a speech which required eighteen foot bf. platform j for its delivory Ti Tho orator stajiqied, and stormed,'mid almost raved his cnergctio sentences, rolling forth a marvellous flood of the most musical words over'the bends of his astonished auditory. Ho jumped about, carrying always to, and often- times beyond, the limits of the burlesquo, the axiom of* Demosthenes, that action is tue obief requisite of tho orator. When bo referred to tho donkey that kicked up his heels among ¿lie chickens, he kicked up his heels too, acting the donkey to tho life. Whon he declared that bo was ready to do battle against any defender of alcohol, ho tucked up his wristbands, nnd squared away nt imaginary opponents with considerable pugilistic Bcience and goodwill. Whon he spoke of tho drunkard, ho imitated bis rolling gait over tho stage. Evon whon he invented a parable, ho acted ' it out to _ tho life, careless alike whether the action was dignified and manly, or pushed far beyond tho verge of puerility. That this wm dono with tho greatest art and tho most exquisite tact cannot be denied-that is to say, tact displayed in the know- ledge of bunnin^ natura ; for not one of these practical jokes missed fire ¡ nnd whether the orator convulsed his audience with laughter nt some childish iiloco of humour, such ns few would have the boldness to attempt, or whether be' molted them to tears by a sudden action upon the tender- J est chords of pathos, the experiment wns -niways 1 successful. Mr. Goiigh is not freo from tho com- mon vice of his order, that of quoting cuses to the I point, the greater part of which uro' (to' uso a moderate expression) suspicious. Ono of those will illustrate our meaning. Air. Gough know of | a""certain'man," a reclaimed drunkard, ono snatched from the brink of Gehenna ; ho lind taken tho pledge; prosperity smiled upon him, and ho became tho husband of a doa ti ii g wi lb. This wifo disproved of tho pledge, coaxed him, but with no avail. Soon a clergyman visited bim, to obristen a child. After tho ceremony, tho clergy- man calls for toddy. It is not forthcoming, mid tho'master of tho honso hus to explain that ho is un abstainer. Tho elorgymnn derides bim, and drink' is nt length sent for. Tho clergyman mixes the fatal potion, and hnnds it to him. Ho drinks, nnd niuo days afterwards ho dios a raving maniac. So infatuated was be with ono tumbler of toddy, that be never stirred from his chair until ho hud drunk two bottles of whiskey. And nil this, told with a dramatic power of action and of words that Btrnck terror into tho hearts of tho hearers, and forced conviction, in spite of tho gross improbability of tho story. In illustra- tion " of tho samo point, another story was told Of "n certain mun of goiiius," a "contributor to a great magazine," winch, if it be referred to 1'rofeisor Wilson, (and there was good reason,to bollévo tbnt it did), was flagrantly untrue, but, over and anon, from amid this astounding cloud of fog and vapour, from this din of rabid vociferation, and grotesque wild, gesticulation, thcro appeared glimpses of true beauty-passages of most musical oratory, such as might have charmed a senate, or held au Athenian jiopulaco in awo. # Burning and shining through the flimsy oovoring of his claptrap, thero came, ovor nnd «nun, tho truo fire of real gouius; and ono could not help feoling that Mr. dough's wero lips willoh tho " llvo coal " hod touched, and no amount of cant or platitude bad siiiltcod tu smother tho inex- tinguishable spark.-Critic. ; EsrAniEiio TUB SI-ANISII GKNEIUI,. - His strongly marked eyebrows, tho steady regard of his eye, bis slightly closed lips, and the width of bis chin, aniiouiico that no oscillations aro to bo looked for lu him when onco his will lins been de- clared. Espartero commands respcat by other physical and moral qualities. . Of middle height, UO years of ago ot loast, but not looking more than 5(1, bo bears on lils loftyJ'orohend, lu his black oye, and on his lips tiirningToudily to a smilo, a great ap|toaranco of kindness, frankness, nnd courage car- ried to recklessness. By tho services which ho bas rendered, ho is tho first of oil living Spanish Com- manders. Ho is a good comrade tor ids Boldlers, and when ho saw tho troops Buffering from want of supplies, Espartero ofton engaged his prívalo for- tuno towards tho contractors. It is III that way that, being a rich mun whon bo assumed tho olilnf command, ho wai infinitely poorer when ho laid it down. Ills fortune comes from his wife, tho daughtorofa rich banker; and shonovorhesitated to givo hor Bignaturo when it was called for, to sorvo tho army. Espartero bud himself no fortune, nothing but his sword. Of mi honest but obscuro family, ho hus always hud tho good sonso not to dony lils origin.-Siècle. Too r.vit A DUSCHST.-Onco upon a Hmo a Scotchman outlining preecdoneo before nu English mini, of eoiirso tho Englishman would not nssont. Troy np|s.'iiled to nu Irishman, who observing tim rudo manner in willah tho Scotchman asserted bis claims, guvo lt in favour of tho Seoteb aristocracy's «realer antiquity. Tho Englishman wits rather astonished, nn l Ibo Scotchman hurra'd. Taddy smiled wit li ono sido of bis month, mid then snhl to the Englishman " Ariitb now bo nlsv, my Jewel ; don't you seo, men wore created on tim sixth day, but tho brutes wore created on Ibo fifth T' Th' s altered tba tono ol' tho Scotchman's triumph. 