VICTORIAN INQUISITION. (To the Editor of the Bcndh/o Advertiser.) Sir,—I perceive in your issue of the 20tH instant that ray " temperately- written letter1' has called forth another article from you 011 the above 'subject* and of a temperature very mucli improved upon the virulence wbicl} charac terised your former production. It would appear that you have taken fright at-some bugbear or another which has no existence, except in your own imagination. Where do you find a. parallel between the manifesto of the Sabbath Observance Society and the doings of the Spanish Inquisition, the dogmatic assumption of the Council of Trent, or the Irish priestly denunciations from the altar ? So extremely far- fetched and • ridiculous must they appear to' your intelligent readers, that to take any notice of them will seem super fluous. Put since I deny the similitude I will also "give yon my reasons: The moilus operandi of the Sabbath Observance Society is moral suasion—that of the Spanish Inquisition was the rack, thumbscrew, &c.;, &c.;, &c.; The Sabbath Observance Society docs not arrogate to itself a position like that of the Council of Trent, as you Un fairly assume in snyincr " They are the judges it would seem of the necessity so clearly providential, which would excuse a breach of the law.'1 Whereas they clearly state " they ore confident thnt nothing short of a great emer gency—a necessity so clearly providential as to leave no room for doubt in any intelligent mind, can ever warrant a breach of a law so express and solemn as thnt of the Fourth Commandment." And will you also assume, Mr. Editor, that the Sabbnth Observance Society meant by " any intelligent mind," the intelligences composing the Sabbfttli Observance Society only ? And, an to the Irish Priestly denunciations from the altar, I was not aware that the Sabbath Observance Society innst needs be com posed of ministers of religion or priests only; and if you mean by the Press ■' the altar," and by such language as— " and would deprecate a practice fraught with nothing but evil to all concerned—a denunciation," then your readers will rest assured that there is nothing frightful after all in the apparition you have seen. I have read and re-read the " manifesto." as you call it, and vet I caunot see in it anvthine more than what either you or I. or any other workman dare say, and could say, in tlie matter j much less tliev whose peculiar duty it is to look after tlie interests of their musters' kingdom, wlioso ambassadors they are to lis. You may call it "religious polities," or any other name you choose, but you cannot wrest from them tbeir prerogative to lift up their voice awinst sin, howeverplausible the form it may assume among us. And if, indeed, they keep s'lent, tliere are men in this colony who are neither priests nor priest lidden, but will dare to say all that the Sabbath Obser vance Society litis said, and perhaps a great deal more; and challenge you to prove that they are worthy of being stigmatised with superstition or fanaticism, • As to the evidence of the rapid growth of a spirit among the clergy of the colony most dangerous to civil liberty, it is only the ghost of the '• old man," long since dead, and of which there need be 110 serious apprehen sion. But were the " old man" really lo rise again from the dead, he would find that science andlitorature had so f.ir got ahcatl of him, that lie would soon sink again into liifi tomb through grief aud disappointment, Had your former article; appeared some hundred aud fifty years ago, I believe it would have excited some interest in daring to condemn the clergy; hut I should imagine tlint now the interest excited will arise from its own merits as an editorial article, rather than from tho condemnation it sets forth. You go further to state that "The people of Victoria have something to learn if they do not perceive that such n manifesto as that alluded to is a direct infringe I ment on public liberty. Vice versa, Mr. Editor, I ven ture to affirm that the people of Victoria have something to leant if they do not perceive that such a precedent us that furnished by the Editor or managers of the Ai/e requires only to be established, nnd a far worse evil than that which you apprehend from the other source, will, ultimately, inevitably befal ns. Though slow and gradual nt first, nevertheless more mire; and ere long tlie work ing mnii of this important country would lose his Sabbath, and lie plunged into n condition no hetter, if not worse, than Russian serfdom. The Sabbath was made for man—not that he might have a favorahlo op portunity of more fully pandering to the tastes of his animal nature in railway travelling, in-door tippling, or tickling his ears with newspaper extraordinarie.s ; but for the gratification of the wants of hia npble nature, and for the better fulfilment of the great end of his being. There are other xocial and sanitary reasons affording grounds sufficient for an out-cry against everything like nn encroachment upon the working man's Sabbath. But, remember the Sabbath day to lieep it holy. •' Thou sliult not do any work, thou, nor thy servant," stands sacredly enjoined upon us, and no dicta of the Sabbath Observance Society, or newspaper editor, can lessen our obligation to its commands. Your obedient servant, A. Lockwood, 3iUt December, 1856. 