Wht %x%v&* (PUBLISHED DAILY.) I am in the place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and therefore the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list." FRIDAY, 30TH AUGUST, 1855. THE CONDITION OF THE LABOR MARKET. As it is quite possible that the new Constitution may be in Victoria before the lines we now write reach the reader, or any day or hour afterwards, and as we shall then be in a position to proceed directly and lawfully to work on the reformation of the land laws it seems scarcely worth while to set about devising expedients for evading the provisions of existing restrictive acts. But the two large meetings of Wednesday last are suggestive of much matter of serious reflection, apart from all specific propositions for land law reform. We know not who drew up the resolutions for the open air meeting over which Mr. Fawkner presided; but, whoever it was, we cannot compliment him upon I the performance. Whether the fault be one of ignorance on his part, or the graver offence of speculating on the supposed ignorance of others, we cannot say ; but that he cannot escape from c viction on one or other of these two counts?, we hold to be demonstrable. Although these remarks apply with most force to the second resolution, the first is too censurable to be passed over. The following are its words The working men of Victoria, feeling the want of employment, are determined to seek for it in a body, hoping to do jointly what they have failed to do singly. What does this mean ? How are the working men of Victoria to execute that resolution so benevolently taken for them by the attendants at Wednesday's meeting The resolution is too ambiguous to afford us any distinct information as to what the working men are to do in a body. Are they to march in a body to the Government offices and demand employment or is it by magnifying the extent to which want of work has gone, that the end sought is to be accomplished ? One proposition involved in the resolution i that "the working men of Victoria" are out of employment. That some industrious men are out of employment, and suffering in consequence, we are convinced, and we deeply regret that any man desirous of work should be so situated : but to describe the working men of Victoria as being generally out of employment an I destitute, is as contrary to the fact as the remedy proposed is preposterous. People have got into such a habit of talking about the dullness of the times, that their minds no longer receive the evidence of their senses, when that evidence runs counter to the foregone conclusion. If we pass smiths' forges, carpenters' workshops, stonemasons' yards, or any other of the hundred kinds of places in which the working men of Victoria get their living, do we find hammer, and saw, and chisel, idle ? Is there no building going on in the streets? Are there no customers in th" Shops? Are the vast flocks and herds of the Squatters watching themselves? IstherojiO age culture going on in the country's of gold to be got at the diggings? But why ask more such questions? Com- mon sense and common observation assure us that it is happily a monstrous misstatement to talk of the' working men of Victoria wanting employment, as it is foolish to suppose that, with it so, they could get that employment by seeking it, " in a body, in whatsoever fashion that ] body could proceed. The misstatement, however, has a suicidal tendency toned dency to produce precisely the opposite effect to that desired. Is it him gined that employers will he induced to raise wages by being assured that competition for work is greater than was supposed ? Those who imagine this must ! give employers greater credit than we do for an unbusiness-like generosity in their mode of bargaining with their work people. Or are employers to act in a body too, and unitedly to raise wages For employ workmen without reference to the | returns which can be got for the labor obtained? The game could not last very long, we apprehend. But it is not sufficiently likely to be played, to make it worth our while to calculate the probable " moves " by which those who thus tried to resist inevitable laws would be conducted to their centrally inevitable checkmate.. | If employers are not thus to act in a tody, perhaps one, or two, or three might set a good example, and employ and pay laborers on benevolent rather than commercial principles. Far be it from us for a moment to sneer at any form which kind-heartedness may assume, or at any attempt to do good; but the extent to which such benevolent j employers could accomplish their desires, is I clearly very limited. To employ more ' men, or to pay higher wages, or both, than business considerations alone would sanc- tion, is to be at a pecuniary disadvantage, as compared with more keen and worldly competitors. The philanthropist will be undersold then, if he does not sacrifice a whole or part of his profits ; but we certainly admit that it is in his power, without producing any reactionary ill effects, to divide as much of his profits among his laborers as he thinks fit. And when he has done that, he can protract his career of benevolence by trenching upon his capital. There is no natural or inevitable reason why this should not go on, till his capital has been given away | like his profits : then it must stop. But, at whatever intermediate period the styptic may be applied, all that surplus paid to laborers from benevolent motives, and at a personal loss to the employer, must be regarded as a gift or charity, but certainly not as wages. It needs no ghost to rise from the grave to tell us that a rich man can give away his money as long as it lasts. We have more than once contended, and now repeat, that the laws which regulate wages, properly so-called, are as inevitable, and as little flour making, as the law of gravitation. All we can do with either law is to study it, conform to it, and make the host of it or to disregard it, and to take the CODSO quences. But we can no more suspend the operation of the natural laws to which social effects are subject, by denying that such laws exist, than we could save our books from being broken by repudiating attraction of gravity before jumping out of a three-part window. Those great truths are thoroughly established and universally acknowledged by even the inoroBlsmaltorors in political economy and we really do the working men of Victoria the justice to believe that they have education and intelligence enough amongst them to under. stand and appreciate the full force of the laws, and to feel but little gratitude or respect for those who would betray them , into a defence of them, or a disposition ' ignorantly to deny their existence, or to question their natural tendencies. But with regard to the truths of political economy, the fashion is to find those who describe natural laws leading to disagree- able consequences guilty of their author- ship; and he who points out to society what must result from neglecting to con- form to such laws, is, by a strange inversion, very commonly denounced as the hard hearted originator of the consequences of that very neglect. The truth is, that all classes are now feeling the consequences of past folly and extravagance. Unhappily, too, one of the laws which, whatever we may think of them, we cannot annuals that the consequences of folly and misconduct are not confined to the actual offenders. Merchants here and abroad miscalculated the extent of the trade in which it was safe to embark, and the natural reaction has succeeded, with the collection of license quences we are accustomed to include under the comprehensive title of a depressed state of the money market. Laborers at the gold-fields and elsewhere made enormous wages, and fell into the same mistake as other classes, in supposing that this rate of gain was permanent ; they therefore spent instead of saving. And a Government more blind and blundering than any one else, lost the golden opportunity of doing lasting good which they might have accomplished by holding out temptations to invest in land rather than grog. We are NOW all reaping the harvest we ourselves sowed, and with reduced profits and reduced wages have an ample opportunity to make, in our several degrees, very wise reflections and determinations. It is well it is no worse. Some destitution, we fear, does indeed exist, and nothing can justify neglect of the steps necessary to its alleviation ; but while such abundant evidences of activity surround us inspite of the dullness of the times, while 8s. a day are scouted as oppressively low wages for even unskilled labor, those do wrong who concen tiate their attention on a few black spots, until the imagination becomes diseased, and shadow seems to cover all. We had intended to make some observations on the proposition contained in the second resolution carried at the open air meeting, viz., that it is the duty of Government to provide employment for those that need it; but the subject, we find, will require to be treated at greater length than this article can be extended to. 