LATEST INTELLIGENCE FROM SPIRITS. SHOT your eyes and open your mouth, teachable public, for the instruction hereby to be given you Facts are to be set before you which you may hardly be disposed to accept, unless you qualify for the receipt of them by having the eyes of a mole and the swallow of a hippopotamus. The Rappers, who adopt in America the name of Spiritualists, profess to number now nearly two millions of believers, fed upon humbug by no less than twenty thousand mediums and twelve or fifteen periodicals. Two numbers of a new Rappers' newspaper, published at Boston on the fourteenth and twenty-first of April last, are now before us, and if anybody wishes to 'be edified let him give ear. The paper is denominated the New England Spr G iguanas, and the first thing we read in it-a discourse at the Melodeon through the Reverend Miss Emma day, by some one of the saints in heaven has a touch of the Yankee spirit in it. "Is there not," he through her says, " also the same voice teaching you to regard the interests of your brother man? And though, in a worldly point of view, you cannot be expected to love your neighbour as yourself that is, in the sense of seeking first the interests of your neighbour pecuniarily, rather than your own yet, so far as spiritual gifts are concerned, of that which has been dispensed to you, you should be willing to impart to others," And how do we have the obedient Yankee taking care of number one pecuniarily, while imparting spiritual gifts ? See advertisements, see leading articles, see paragraphs, see the whole Spiritualist newspaper. 1 THEY MEDIUM. ' GEoaciK A. REDMAN has rooms at No. 45, Carver-street, where he will receive company from 6 to 12 a.m., 2 to 6, and from 7 to 9, P m, Sundays excepted. Manifestations are made by rapping, tapping, and writing-. Private circles, one dollar each person. Public circles (evening only), filly cents. Another gentleman is ready to clear away any little difficulties between man and wife, by producing what is called among the Rappers conjugal adaptations and those surely are things worth any money to the henpecked and crestfallen. The next advertiser is a clever man who has an article for sale which is, indeed, the whole art of drawing and painting taught in one lesson. Then a quack of the established sort advertises, Purifying Syrup, Nerve Soothing Elixir, and Healing Ointment, which have such virtues as only Dr. Dulcamara knows how to re- capitulate, with the additional recommendation that they are prepared from Spirit directions heaven sent persons. More quacks of this sort advertise their wares to a select audience of the gullible. And then John M. Spear and his daughter announce that they have taken rooms for educational (alas,' for the word !) and healing purposes, and also for the delineation of character. Hears for the public ' will be from nine a.m. to one p.m. At other hours, they will visit and counsel the sick, ajotdjhfi dishes . _ L L - accused at their habitations. While charge, will not be made, offerings of gratitude will be thankfully received. Love's labours should be without hope of fee or reward. Did ever comedian invent a cluster cant of hypocrisy. Arrangements (J M. S. and daughter and). may be made at their rooms, for discourses on the facts, philosophy, ends and aims of Spiritualism. The advertisement itself is discourse enough upon its ends and aims. They shine u we have said, through every column of the paper. The following, which we are unable to distinguish from the announcement that has just been quoted appears not u an advertisement at all, but in large type among the leading articles: " Mr. E. M. Mayo, of Waltham, Mass., writes : About three years ago I became a writing medium, very unexpectedly to me, I sat making sport of the spirits, when suddenly my hand caught a pencil and wrote me a communication, which I trust I never shall forget. It purported to be from my mother. Since that time the spirit of a departed physician, through me, tam examined eight hundred and sixty-five different diseased persons. I have received no fee until the commencement of the present year. Now the charge is-nothing for the poor, twenty-five cents for those in moderate circumstances, and fifty cents for the wealthy. So you see that it is not for money that I believe in Spiritualism." Spiritualism itself is not more clearly demonstrated 1 That was a leading article, but we will take another advertisement or two, before looking at the other columns of this gull's gazette. Several chemists are prepared to put up with care spiritual, clairvoyant, and other prescriptions. A physician and surgeon advertises himself, and adds that he has become developed as a clairvoyant medium, end can perfectly describe the locale of disease ; also the feelings experienced by the patient. Consultation fee, one dollar. Charles Main cures by laying hands on the sick, and informs those sending locks of hair to indicate their desire, that they should enclose a dollar with them. At T. H. Peabody's is to be found a rapping, writing, and test medium ; also the best trance medium for the examination of queues in Boston. Mrs Gay, a reliable clairvoyant and healing medium, is to be found at Dr. Channing's (all, for another desecrated name!) the great cancer, scrofula, and humour doctor and she is prepared to give advice on business, 80a Thus it is that the Spiritualists' manage to attend to number one pecuniarily, while they impart of their gifts to others. Of the correspondence of the New England Spr- ritualist a part is made up in support of the gentlemen and ladies who have advertised. Mr. Charles Main having advertised himself u a layer-on-of.hsnds, a letter in another part of the paper, signed 'i Yours, fraternally, L N."" (Leader of Noodles s) tells of the wonderful cures by brother Charles Main's truly apostolic mode. G. E. Redman, being an advertiser of his business in the rapping, tapping, and writing Une, is helped by a wonderful paragraph, detailing how the spirit of the late Mr. Andrew used Mr. Redman's hand for writing backwards, in a style free from stiff- ness, having bold and easy flourishes. Very bold end they are indeed the flourishes of these mediums, and, if we may judge by the New England Spiritualist, of the editors who back them. " Thine for progress, Warren Chue," before starting for his prairie home in Wisconsin, advertises his movements u a lecturer on " the light from the spirit sphere which is now so genially flowing (though often refracted) through many mediums and he makes his announcements cheaply, if he pays nothing for the privilege in the form of a letter to the editor, dear mother Newton. Brother Newton, by-the-bye edited his paper on good Spiritualist principles, advertising that, in its conduct, although for the present the pecuniary responsibility is added by the editor" personal friends, this is expected to continue only until such time as the success of the enterprise shell enable him to take it upon himself. - , We find it very difficult to keep the dollars out of sight in observing the contents of the Yankee Spirit realised, but we will endeavour to do so henceforward and to go back to Miss Emma Jay, from whose reported lecture at the Melodeort we started. -Miss Emma F. Jay, we find by another communication, advertises) herself not only u furnishing the entertainment of ft spiritual sermon, delivered in the state of trance, but she announces that she will wind up with a song. , An admirer from among her audience reports that she was tastefully dressed in a black silk skirt black velvet basque with flowing sleeves, without collar or under sleeves, or adornment of any kind, except a plain dark brooch. Her hair hung in short curls down her neck. Her voice was strong and clear to the very end of her I discourse, which occupied about an hour and a half. Her eyes were closed during the whole time. So we get back to the good Rappel doctrine-keep your eyes well what end your mouth open. This lady, before preaching, site down and' goes through sundry gyrations, whereby she is supposed to put herself into the state of trance : then her eyes shut, and she goes glibly through the whole of her oration. At the conclusion of her lecture, says the correspondent, ter a beautiful and eloquent prayer, Miss Jay ung (still in a state of trance s) Her voice was wonderfully clear and sweet. She confined herself to no words nor time, but ing is in a sort of inspiration, ranging from an alto tone M high a B flat. Of course this brought down thunders of applause, by which the lady tastefully attired in the black silk skirt could be awakened from her trance in time to make her obeisance to the public. Will our readers bear with us a little longer. We are ourselves beginning to grow tired of this humiliating nonsense, and must forbear from telling the whole story, the doings of Natty Putnam, whose true name was Young, and who was indeed the youngest of physicians, having been only five days old when he died. But he would now be, if he had not died, thirty five or forty years of age. It is displeasure to present himself u an infant in size, though he gives evidence of having an old head on his young' shoulders. This young doctor prescribed some medicines to Mrs. Sisson for a person unknown to her," and by a series of miracles, the person for whom they were meant was discovered ; Mrs. S. being led by the spirit to ring the bell five minutes before the dinner hour, and enter, medicine in hand, to dine with him. The affair which is very complicated, must have cost the spirits an infinity of trouble, and, after all, the recipient of the celestial dose cannot say that he is much the better for it. He only states (we use his own italics) that the effects of the remedies have not been bad; for I and my wife are both in better health than when we began to take them ; the case, however, is described much less for the purpose of showing the value of the medicines than for furnishing evidence of the fact that there was an invisible physician. Then, again, there are not more than three columns occupied by the experience of Doctor Phelps, in whose bedroom a sheet was spread out upon the floor, the withstand laid upon its back upon the sheets candle- stick set upon the stand, the wash-bowl placed upon one side, and the pitcher upon the other. A night I gown and chemise were found, one in the bowl, the other in the pitcher. We suspect that must have been done by the spirit of some officer lately belonging to the gallant Forty-fifth, or lodged in Canterbury barracks. Pitchers of water were poured by the same spirit into the doctor's bed. His windows were broken. His umbrella, standing at the end of the hall, leaped without visible assistance a distance of at least twenty-five feet ; s book leapt from his shelf into the middle of the room, and at the breakfast table, on one occasion, a remarkably large raw potatoe fell directly by the side of Dr. P.'s plate. The doctor, thereupon, being a scientific man, took up the potatoe, and let it fall from different heights, in order to determine how far it must have fallen to make the concussion that it did and it was adjudged by all that the distance could not have been more than twelve or fifteen inches. So it must have dropped from just under the doctor's nose. We have not patience to write more of this foolery, with which we are told that in America two millions of mouths are gaping to be fed. Even u nonsense, it is scarcely to be heard patiently by any man, except a rogue, who had the dullest glimmering of reason in his brains. We shall cite only one thing more. In his first leading article in each of the two papers before us, the editor of the New England Spiritualist endeavours to account for the extreme stupidity and panaceas of the spirits of great wits, philosophers, and poets, to show how it is that Shakspeare, seen through a Tapping medium, is the same dull dog u the medium himself. He explains this by telling us that lofty ideas and refined conceptions cannot be apprehended by infantile and undeveloped minds. Can you, he asks, pour the magnificent tones of a cathedral organ through a simple life ? For Sir Francis Bacon to exhibit himself now, equal to what he was in the body (to say nothing at all of what he may now be in the spirit would require a medium of physical and mental endowments equal to those which Bacon then pos- sessed and such are very rare. Mediums with the wit of a Bacon certainly are rare and if we must have a medium who is a Bacon of our own times to speak for the Bacon of our forefathers, and a new Shakspeare to speak for the old one, surely we think it can need no ghost at all to tell them what they ought to say. Mr. John O'connell is reported to have received a Government appointment, in London, and will therefore resign his seat for Clonmel. ' ' ' 