THUNDER AND SMALL BEER. Our Bourke street contemporary is stiJ'f en. gaged in rattling that big tin plate of hia, and wandering the while why the colony is not frightened from its propriety by his. ' thun der.' With a persistent energy that might have been of essential service to him if he had ever expended it on objects of real importance, he keeps on, day after day, reiterating ono of tho most wretched fallacies that ever were propounded even in the columns of the Mel bourne Morning Herald ; and the best of tho joke is, that because the Argus has taken in hand to clear its premises of a very largo quantity of editorial ' small beer,' which has been accumulating there for some time back* our friend imagines that his thunder ha» soured the said swipes, and that thence results the copious and insipid discharge. It is really amusing to witness such exhibitions of egre gious silliness under tho guise of profouadost gravity ; and still more so to notice the pro voking iudiifcrenco with which the dull Vic | torians treat both their wise monitors. Tlies# obstinate people will not go off into a pa roxysm of terror at the thunder of the Herald, nor will any force of persuasion induce them i to imbibe the gratuitous small beer of tho Argus. Those valuable commodities aro both, alas ! lavished in pure waste. The proposal to call in the authoritative aid of Sir William Denison to, help us out of our political troubles, was to liave culminated in a public meeting ; but as yet we have heard nothing of steps being taken to convene one. All is still affected mystery and vague threat ening, like that of the witches in Macbeth :? — ' I'll do, I'll do, aod I'll do!' We should like to know what it is that is , to be done, and who is to do it. If (something is meant, . why is nothing done? If nothing is meant,! why are thunder and small beer wasted so extravagantly ? We pause for a reply. Meantime, the noise of the racket has reached Sydney, and — strange to say — lias provoked loud laughter there. Even that gravest of our colonial contemporaries, the Sydney Morning Iicrald, breaks out into un wonted mirth at tho absolute folly of the idea of appealing to the Gover nor-General ; and then proceeds to set forth its sheer impracticability ; iu both respects agreeing with the views we have our selve propounded. As it is desirable that this ghost of an absurdity should be at once laid at once aud for ever, we subjoin here the principal part of the Sydney Herald's article ; and we give its remarks prominence, both because of their conclusiveness, and because it may fairly be presumed that they indicate pretty clearly the sentiments of Sir William Dcnison himself. It is only necessary to pre mise further, that our contemporary is entirely mistaken in supposing that the proposal in question met the approval of the people of Victoria : on the contrary, it originated ! with an obscure but sell-sufficient clique, | whose political knowledge is about equivalent to their popular influence, — that is, to nothing at all ; and with the same small clique the folly will terminate. The people, almost to a man, would indignantly reject it. The Herald says : — ' We presume it is only intended by the droll politicians of Melbourne to shako the staff of the Governor-General over the head of Sir Charles Hotham, juafc as the Mahomcdan nurses, having been first frightened themselves, whispered to the refrac tory little Mussnlmen the name of Richard the Lion hearted ; just as the Northumberland mothers, for -tho same purpose, threatened thoir children with the appearance of the Black Douglas ; just as tho matrons of Connaught uttered the dreaded name of Cromwell; or as ill our own time Bonney was the .terror of the play-ground. Whether Sir Charles Hotham will be alarmed at the threatened civil epis copate of Sir William Denison wc do not know, but he has not much occasion. The despatch of Lord Grey, which we published in our Thursday's issue, explains so fully the commis . aions of the Governor-General, that we presume this new folly will only live for a day. It is there clear that tho office was created with a view to the united action, and the common interests of tho colonies. The ministry of which Earl Grey was the Secretary for the Colonies, proposed to confer on the Australias . a,i federal constitution. It was intended that our ' Assembly ' or Congress should legislate on ail'airs , equally concerning tho entire group. This most important and useful part of the scheme was burked, o Tho New South Wales Legislature, with an egotism which seems the plague of new communities, de . manded that its weight should be measured by the i population! This, in fact, as population was then J . distributed, would have made the Legislature of New ] ' South Wales virtuallv tjie sovereign of all the group. In the election of members of our Legislative Coun cil, wo were told population is not a safe basis of electoral power, but when the question was, who should choose the members of the General Assembly, then it became quite fair that they should be allotted according to the census! Had the bill as it passed ' authorised the federal action proposed, the Governor : General would have beeu the executive chief: but . this Beotion being lost, the office of GovernorGene ral is a mere titular distinction, iu fact. It is no doubt quite true that any_ Governor for the last quarter of a century, might, if he chose to net, enter the ? territory and take the seat of any LieutenantGover nor. Governor Darling actually did so iu Van Dicmcn's Land ; but it must be recollected that the Governor-General is bound to act upon his instructions ; he is bound to do so by law, and ' among the most obvious find rational of these ^instructions is that which interdicts his interference with the internal affairs of any of the colonics. The Lieutenant-Governor's moral weight would be dead \- from the moment it became possible to organise a faotion under tho namo and authority of the Governor General. We presume it is not intended by these wise men that the Governor-General shall do more than V visit the colony. The moment he pushes off his boat from those shores, he would become a political ? ??v'i nullity. The power of the Lientemvnt Governor ; would instantly revive, aud thus the policy imported, would be superseded at once. We havo no idea Sir 'William Denison will be caught with the Haltering bait. He must well know how things of this sort look at Downing street. The outbreak at Ballarat — the 1 . verdicts of acquittal, and the various schemes of tho patriots, will be there Sir Charles Hotham's best certificate.' ' ? ? 