SYDNEY INFIRMARY AND DISPENSARY. The annual general meeting of the subscribers to the Sydney Infirmary and Dispensary was held yesterday evening, agreeably to public advertise- ment, in the Infant School Room, Castlereagh- street. At eight o'clock the chair was taken by the Vice-President, Captain Dumaresq, who read to the meeting the advertisement which called them together, and which was as follows :— Tho Annual General Meeting of the Subscribers to the above Institution will be held in the Infant School Room, Castlereagh-streot, on the evening of Tuesday the 16th instant. The Chair will be taken at half-pasl seven o'clock, by Captain Dumaresq, M.L.C., Vice- Presldent. A Report of the proceedings of the past year, with thc Treasurer's accounts, will be laid before the Meeting, The nomination of Candidates for the vacant Medical offices will bo made. The CHAIRMAN then called upon the honorary Secretary (Kev. II. Stephen) to read the following annual REPORT OP DIRECTORS OF SYDNEY INFIRMARY FOR 1854. In presenting thess Reports of the transactions of the past year, the Board of Directors of the Sydney Infirmary have much pleasure in informing the subscribers that the Institution continues to be in a satisfactory state of efficiency. While the number of patients has been smaller than in the previous year, the proportion of those who have paid the subscription fee, on thelr admission, has been unusually large. But though this is the case, the support received from the public generally, is scarcely commensurate with the important and highly philan- tropic objects of the Institution, and the consequent claims which it has upon the sympathy and support of all classes of the community. Compared with these claims on the one hand, and with hbe population and wealth of the City on the other, it must be admitted that the number of subscribers is not as large as might reason- ably be expected. Feeling this, and aware of the demanda which recent, as well as intended, improvements will have made upon the not very ample funds of the Institution, the Directors have endeavoured to enlist the favourable interest of the public, by distri- buting a short und concise summary of the advantages afforded by the Infirmary and Dispensary respectively. Those have been so frequently and forcibly explained in previous Reports, that it seems almost unnecessary to dwell upon them now ; yet, for tba sake of subsequent re- ference and with the hope that the facts and figures con- tained in it may convey to subscribers and others much useful information in the smallest possible compass, the Board would ventura to insert this summary in their present Report. It is as follows :— The Directors of the Sydney Infirmary and Dispensary, conceiving that the number of subscribers would be con- siderably increased were the strong claims or the Inst- tution upon public support more generally understood, desire briefly to explain its objects and management. Established now for nourly ton year«, it Is, In so fur aa Its operations extend, In a UouriHhlng condition, and has boon tho moans of accomplishing lu this community an incalculable amount of good. It is divided Into two departments ¡-Tho Infirmary, for tho reception of persons suffering from aggravated disease, whoso means do not allow of their procuring tho medical aid which their cases require at their own nisl donccB: and tho Dispensary, for tho gratuitous roller of patients who uro either seen on apeclflsU days nt tho Dispensary, or aro visited at their homes by tho Dis- trict Surgeons, being ia either caso supplied with tho requisito medidnos. Tho Management of tho Institution ls Tested In a Board of Directors, who meet monthly, and In a Weakly Commlttco nppolntod by tho Hoard, who superintend the details of Internal arrangement, ever exorcising tho strlotest vigilance both as regards tho cleanliness of tho wards and tho treatment, comfort, aud general well- being of thu lnmatoa. An annual subscription of Ono Oulnoa cull I lea tim Subscribo» to recommend nuy number of necessitous applicants for tho aid alTorded hy tho Dlspousary j while nn annual subscription of Tivo Guineas empowers tho donor to recommend, In addition, ono patient for admission lato Ibo Infirmary. Theao necessarily condensed observations aro made with the view of placing before the publia in the simplest possible form, the advantages afforded by this most uso ful Institution, so that Its moans may be largely in- creased, and its benefits more widely extended. Extract from thu Eighth Itoport of thu Hoard of Direc- tors of tho Sydnoy Infirmary, "Tho following statement will point out tho Increase yearly ruado on the Directors for sid, and consequent tho growing usefulness of tho Iuflrmary." In 1845 admitted . 103 1810 " . 420 1817 ,. 618 1818 ,. OOO 1810 " . 020 1850 " . 1077 1851 " . 1157 1852 " . 1233 1«vt imo Vp to thu Slat December of thia present year, 1333 patients havo been admitted, Tho Directors would now proceed ta a brief datall of the principal events and proceedings of the past year. In their Inst llcport they lind to deploro tho loss sus- tained by thu doatli of their Boeretary, tho Her. Dr, IfcGarvlc. They have now to announce, with feelings also of deep regret, though not with tho sama sad cause for sorrow, that, on account of his continued Illness, they have bean obliged to accept the resignation of tho lier. Dr. lioss, who was eieetad Secretary in' Dr. ifcCarvle's room, In his capacity aa Secretary, and still moro so as Chairman of weekly committees (nn ofUco he held for some years), Dr, itoss was dlstlngutshul lor tho most diligent and fal tb ful discharge of his duties. To his watchful, caro, his methodical management, and lils over-ready tact, thu Institution ls much indebted, and tho Directors are not without hope, that lils health may bo so far re-established us to admit of his again astlsticg thom, wheiwrw they may roqulro the aid of his Tulunblo counsel, At the request of the Directors, the HUT. A. Stephen consented to undertake tho duties of Secretary until tho annual mealing. Tho Board havo next to report that, slneo the last annual meeting, a sum of nearly eight hundred (800) pounds have been expended in paint- ing sud repairs, and in the formation of a largo and capacious tank, This expenditure is apparently great, but not only was lt Indispensably re- quisite, but as reasonable In amount as tho hlgli prlco of labour and materials would allow. At tho urgent rc quest of tho medical officers, tho Board bas taken Into consideration tho necessity of erecting an operating theatre, rinding that this was n work which could ba no longer delayed without surlously Impeding tho elli clency of the Institution, both as a hospital nnd UB a medical school, Kr. 1)1 bb was Instructed to consult tho medical officers, and then to preparo tho plan and specifi- cation of a room, which might anwor thu purposes of such n theatre, until tho statu of tho funds should on able tho Hoard to erect one worthy of tho Sydney In- firmary. Tho plan thus proposed having met with tho approval of tho Directors, and a louder having been ?Iso accepted fur thc performance of tho work, lt ls hoped that a want which has long been most seriously felt will soon be supplied. This improvement, though certainly of tho most prating Importance, is by no muaiiB tho only ono that la highly desirable, if Indeed tho Infirmary ls tn extend Ita sphere of usefulness lu nny fair proportion to tho rapid Increase nf. tho population. With this convic- tion it is that tho Hoard would suggest to this meeting, that Instructions bo given them to apply to tho Legislature during Its next Hussion, for pecuniary aid towards tho erection not only of tho operating theatro, but of such additional wards or apartments, us tho requirements of tho city Imperatively demand. The subscribers will bo glad to loam that tboro ls every probability ot their Institution being shortly numbered among thoso hospitals that nra formally recognised by tho medical colleges of Great Ilrlluln ami Ireland. Tho ii muller of patients admitted during tho year amount to 13H3. (ir these 1007 woru malas, 209 wera fournies, and 27 were childruu I COO havo beeu surelcal cases, mid 721 medlo.il. Tho largest number of admissions waa In til o month of March, and tho smallest In thc month of Beptoinbsr, Accident and urgent enies amount to DU ; operations performed, 0, Of tho cases treated, 812 wore discharged cured j 222 vero relieved | 15 were sent to tho llonevolent Asylum ; 0 were discharged ns Incurable ; 42 wcro dis- charged at their own rennest ( 2.1 were dismissed for Infringement of tho Huies ; 105 died. Of these latter, 41 wera lu a dying statu ut tho tlmu of their admission. Thu most prevalent diseases seem to have Inion rheumatism, from which 183 suffered I diarrhoea, from Which DO suffered | ulcer of leg», from which 82 mitered ¡ syphilis, from which OS suffered ; and fever, of which tuero weru 57 onsrs. Tho number ot cases treated by tho dis!flat surgeons In connection with thu Dispensary has been 71V, of whom 143 wero visited nt their own resiliences. Thu Directors havo much pleasure In bearing testi- mony In thu r.enl and assiduity of thu medical ofllcors both of tho Inllrumry and tho Dispensary. Thu skill and attention evinced hy (hose gentlemen en ll Hu thom to thc cordial thanks not only of tho subscribers, but of tho publia generally. Of tho Infirmary alllccrs, Dr. Douglass has already resigned, mid Dr. MoHwaii now retires by rotation. Thu latter gentleman ls a candidate for reelection. For tho vacant afllcu of Physician thcro aro several competitors, whoso nomination will form a' Ênrt of tho business of this meeting. One of tho DI iirgeons, Mr Hurgón, retires by rotation, and ia eligible for re-election, I ly tim retirement of Dr. McNish, surgeon for 1'litlllp IVnrd, a vaesney has occurred, which the subscribers uro now Invited tn Mil up. Thu Hoard would avail themselves of Hil« opportunity tn recommend that thu medical alair of thu Inllrtuury bu Increased by on« physician and mm surgeon, n pinposltloii which they trust will meet willi thu approval of this mooting, and thu moro sn as tho present medical ulllcers aro Impressed with the desirableness of such an addition to their itrangth. Tho Directors cannot but sponk In terms of commen- dation of thu maimer In which the onerous dulles nf limtsc-surgMiu arc. performed by .Mr. tunisian, and they express thu hopo that thu subscribers will autliurlsa au Increase af £100 tn lils present liiiutpquntu* salary, Iii order to ralsu lt tojC.'IDIi per annum. Of ibu muiron, Mrs. Ghost, it ls siifllclent to say lln.i tho order ami cleanli- ness willoh relied so much or,,lit upon our Institution, aro mainly nwlng lo her unwearied personal exertions, and tho Hos rd would recommend Hint ber salary bu In- creased by £20, in order li> lanko lt XlllUpor annum. Mr. Hampton, thu house steward, ia llkowiso n meri- torious olDcur, In conclusion, tho Directors would most earnoatly romiiitud tills most liilinauu and useful Institution, not only tu ¿hu coiitlmii'il favour nf the present subscribers, but to til« uxtonded support nf a, beiioviileut public, as- sured that wero any fii.iiiblulilu disease to Invadu our city, In this respest so lung ami happily favoured, the Taino of Hw ¡Sydney Infirmary ami Dispensary will bo Uioru upproolilcd by thu Inhabitants generally, (lum lt now la by ereu its most strenuous uud constant sup- eriors. The abstract of accounts of receipts and dis- bursements of tho Institution for thu present year was next rund to tho timutiiiy by a iroutlumnii, who appeared oil behalf of tho treasurer, cnnllui'd at homo through Illness, mid which showed a hillanco in blind, to tho credit of tho Institution, of £714 8s. Sd. On the conclusion of the reading of the report and abstract of accounts, the meeting was addressed by Captain MORIARTY, who, on rising to move the adoption of the report, said, that there were only two subjects with reference to the report upon which ho considered it necessary to make any observation ; the first was, the proposed addition to the medieal staff of the Institution, and the other subject was the proposed increase to the salary of those employed therein. With refer- ence to the first he might remark, that he had been connected with tho Institution since its origin to the present hour, and during that long period he had narrowly and attentively watched its progress and its growing importance to the com- munity. When it was first established, it was properly considered that two physicians and two surgeons would be sufficient to compose an efficient staff for all the mcdicnl duties of the Institution. The rules and regulations, framed on the first appointment of gentlemen to fill these offices, were, that the appointments of an officer for each one of those departments should termi- nate at the expiration of four years ; and that neither of those ollicers would be again eligible for re-nppointmcnt for three months. (Hear.) This wise rule afforded a certainty that at the end of every four years there would be an infusion of fresh energy and fresh talent, to keep alive the efficacy and zeal of the medical staff and thus prevent the usefulness of that body from degeneratiug into carelessness or sloth. He regretted to say, however, that that just and wise rule had, some four years ago, been annulled, and gentlemen who had held the office for the term at first fixed were eligible for eo-election immediately. lt would be obvious that great advantages would accrue to tho community at large by having the rule at first adopted carried out, as the experience to be collected in the institution would, it was reasonable to suppose, be most valuable to the profession, and, through the profession, most beneficial to the public. There was also another obvious reason, independent of the one he just mentioned, and which was that in a growing community like this, and in a country whose population was rapidly spreading, there must be a great accession of talent and informa- tion in the healing art, which they should endea- vour to avail themselves of by leaving tho offices in the institution open to fair competition. As an increase to the present medical staff was considered necessary by the directors, and as they had embodied their reasons in the report, he hoped the meeting would sanction the pro- posed increase. When the institution was firet established, there was only accommodation provided for sixty patients. The number now, whose wants and sufferings were attended to, con- sisted of one hundred and forty individuals. If, then, it was necessary to employ two physicians and two surgoons to perform tho duties of the insti- tution whom only sixty patients at most were to be attended to, there must surely be some additional assistance required now, when that number was nearly trebled. With respect to the increase of salary, he was happy to learn that the directors had recommended that Dr. Hous- ton's salary should be increased. Dr. Houston had been connected with the institution for the last five years, during which time his zeal and attention to the proper discharge of his duties entitled him to the favourable consideration of all who had the welfare of the establishment at heart. He (Mr. Moriarty) was, therefore, convinced that the sanction lo the proposed increase of £100 to the salary of tho gentleman to whom his remarks referred, would be only an act of justice on the part of the subscribers, he would, therefore, move tho following resolution : That the report now read be approved, and together with tho Treasurer's accounts be printed and circulated under the direction of the Board of Direc- tors. Mr. G.A, LLOYD, in rising to second the reso- lution said, that he could not refrain from noticing the fact as it appeared to him, that the public of Sydney generally exhibited the greatest apathy with regard to the prosperity or well-being of the Institution. He thought it a great pity that so valuable an Institution was not better supported by the citizens of the city, upon whom it had, and was still daily conferring great and important benefits. He regretted to see, on looking over the sub- scription list, only the names of 500 subscribers, out of a population of from 60,000 to 70,000 souls. He was glad, however, to find that the Board of Directors had drawn out a sum- mary of the proceedings, which was admirably adapted to give to the public such information as would recall them to a sense of the obligations under which they lay to the institution, and the benefits which it conferred upon them. He was glad to see the meeting attended by so large a body of the more influential subscribers, and had great pleasure in seconding the resolution that had been just read. Dr. MACKELLAR said, that before the resolution was put from the chair, he would beg to remind tho subscribers that if they adopted the Report they would be infringing the rules and regula- tions of the Institution. It had been set forth in the Report, that an addition to the present medical staff of the Institution was required. He could, however safely assert, and he knew something about the matter, that if there was a necessity for such an increase as was proposed, it was a problem to him and he could not discover it. There was not that amount of medical duties to be performed in the institution which would justify tbe subscribers in increasing the expenditure. During the whole of last year there were only nine opera- tions performed. The adoption of the Report would involve alterations in the rules and regula- tions of the Institution, which should not be altered till the matter was properly discussed in a full meeting of the subscribers ami their consent given. Captain MORIARTY replied that the directors had not made any alteration in the rules and regu- lations. The matter was submitted to a meeting of the subscribers, who were competent to make any alterations they thought proper. Tho ATTORNEY .GENERAL could not see where the breach of the rules of the Institution, as com- plained of, was committed, and he would ask Dr. Mackellar to point it out. A breach, or even a change in the rules and regulations of an Institu- tion was, except under very peculiar circumstances, vury undesirable, and should not, without serious consideration, be either proposed or adopted. He considered Captain Moriarty had most satisfactorily explained the reasons which had influenced the directors in recommending the increase to the medical staff ; two heads wera better than one, and a multitude of counsellors could do no harm. He had never heard better reasons set forth in support of any measure than those urged by Captain Moriarty in support of the recommendation of the committee, who had, no doubt, well considered the propriety and necessity for asking for an increased medical staff. Dr. MACKELLAR explniued that, according to the 21st rule of the Institution, it was ordered that two physicians and two surgeons only should be appointed to fulfill the medical duties of the Institution, therefore he considered that by the adoption of the report, they would commit a broach of that particular rule. Mr. Justice TIHERRV referred tho last speaker to the 4th rule, which empowers the subscribers at a special general meeting, of the body, as in the present case, to alter and amend any or all of the rules and regulations of the Institution, on the re- commendation of the directors. (Hear, hear.) It appeared to bim most desirable that an infusion of fresh talent and skill should be admitted into the practice of the medical profession, in public insti- tutions, and now thnt there was such a great aug- mentation to the population of the city, lt would be only an act of Justice to give every encouragement to any measures that would tend to bring parties, professing medical skill and knowledge, into notice. He hoped the report would be adopted. (Hear.) Dr. NATHAN fully concurred with the necessity that existed at the present time for an increase of the medical staff of the Infirmary and Hospital, and which, if granted, would bring the lnstitu- tution nearer to the position of similar institutions at home. After a few further remarks upon tho subject, between Dr. Mackellar and Captain Mo- riarty, the resolution was put to the meeting, and unanimously passed. The Rev. Dr. FULLERTON rose to propose the second resolution as follows ¡ That the thanks of the meeting be presented to His Excellency the Governor- General and the Legislative Council, for the liberal aid afforded from the Colonial Revenue, for the year 1854, to the funds of the Insti- tution, Tba Venerable Archdeacon McENCROE seconded the resolution ; which was put from the Chair, and passed unanimously, Mr, Justice THERRY rose to move the next resole- tion. He said he did so with the greatest pleasure for it was one which required no enforce- ment of argument or eloquence to impress its importance upon the minds of the meeting. It had been long a matter of regret that the institution possessed no operating theatre for the performance of those operations which were sometimes necessary ; such a theatre he knew was an appendage to every similar institution in Eng- land. It was a matter of wonder that so necessary an appendage, had not been long since provided for. The population of the city had increased a hundred fold within the last few years, and it must naturally follow that the demands upon the Institution have proportion- ably augmented. He was certain that the Legislature, which was at all times liberal in voting sums for useful publie works, would, on being applied to for the necessary funds to carry out the object of the resolution, most cordially give their nssent. He would now move the reso- utlon which was as follows : That the Board of Directors be empowered to make application to tho Governor- General and Legislative Council, during its next session for pecuniary aid towards the erection of an operating theatre, as also of additional wards or other apartments. Dr. HOGG seconded the resolution, which was passed unanimously. Tho ATTORNEY-GENERAL moved tho next reso- lution, which was as follows : That the thanks of this meeting be given to the direc- tors and office bearers for their services during the past year ; that the honourable E. Deas Thomson be con- tinued in his ofllce as President; that Captain Dumaresq be requested to act as vice President, Thomas Woolley, Esq., aa Treasurer, and the Rev. Alfred Stephen as Secretary ; and that the following gentlemen be elected Directors in the room of those who retire : Rev. C.F. Prlddle, Rev. P.O. Ferrell, M.F. Mursin, Esq., Thomas W. Smith, Esq., Charles Kemp, Esq., D. Egan, Esq., M.C., and Dr. Douglass, M.C. The Rev. GEORGE KINO seconded the resolution, which was passod unanimously. Tho Rev. A. BOWAN moved, and the Rev. Canon WALSH seconded the next resolution, which was passed unanimously, and which was as follows :— That the thanks of this meeting be given to the Medical Officers of tho Institution for their valuable services during the past year. The nomination of candidates for the vacant medical offices was then proceeded with. It was moved by Dr. FULLERTON, and seconded by F. MITCHELL, Esq. That Dr. Catlett be elected a Physician of this In- stitution. It was moved by CHARLES NAMAN, Esq., and seconded hy W. MACPHERSON, Esq. That Dr. Alleyne be elected as Physician of the In- stltutlon. It wns moved by G.A. LLOYD, Esq., and secondedly (sic) E.S. MOUTRY, Esq. That Dr. Owen Williams be elected a Physician of the Institution. It was moved by Mr. Justice THERRY, and seconded by Mr. DALLEY. That Dr. Williams, of Bligh-street, be elected a Physi- cian of the Institution. On the motion of the Rev. Canon WALSH, se- conded hy R. CAMPBELL, Esq., M.C.., Dr. McEwen was unanimously re-elected surgeon of the Institution. Dr. John Burgon was re-elected surgeon for Gipps Ward; and Dr. John M'Dona,was elected surgeon for Philip Ward. It was moved by Captain MORIARTY, and se- conded by the Rev. C.F. PRIDDLE. That Alfred Roberts be elected to the office of a ddi- tional surgeon, aa recommended by the report, and approved of by this mooting. On the motton of Mr. KEMP, however, seconded by Mr. ALEXANDER CAMPBELL, it was resolved : That the day of election be fixed for the 30th January Instant, from 10 till 4, and to be held at the Infirmary ; and that any candidate for the additional offices of Physician and Surgeon, send in thelr applications and testimonials to the committee, on or before the 22nd, On tho motion of Dr. MACFARLANE, seconded by Captain MORIARTY, it was resolved: That Mr. G.A. Lloyd, and Mr. Macpherson act as scrutineers on the day of election. Captain Dumaresq then left the chair and was succeeded by Mr. Justice Therry, on whose motion a vote of thanks was returned to Captain Dumaresq for his able conduct in the chair, which concluded the business of the evening, and the meeting immediately broke up. 