Local and Domestic. ———— ANNIVERSARY OF AMERICAN INDE- PENDENCE. — Already have those truly national-minded men — the Americans commenced making preparations for the celebration of their great day, the 4th of July. By an announcement, which ap- pears in another portion of our columns, it will be seen that at Yachandandah (sic) they have resolved to ' do the thing ' in correct style. A meeting has been held, and a committee appointed, for the purpose of regulating the proceedings. There is every reason to expect that our indepen- dant friends will muster in great numbers on the occasion. HUME TESTIMONIAL FUND. — Pursuant to an advertisement in our last issue, a meeting to consider the propriety of making some public recognition of the benefits conferred on the colony in general, and of the southern districts in particular, by the discoveries of Mr. Hamilton Hume, was held at the Royal Hotel, on Tuesday evening last, D. Patter- son, Esq., in the chair. The meet- ing was most respectably attended, and a general feeling of regret was expressed at Mr. Hume's services having been as yet completely overlooked. It was agreed to raise a fund, to be called " The Hume Testimonial Fund," and that the meeting resolve itself into a provisional committee, for the purpose of communicating with influential parties throughout the colony, with the view of organising a permanent committee. The utmost unanimity and good feeling prevailed, and a fund was at once raised in the room for defraying the preliminary expenses. — Goulburn Herald. QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY. — The inhabitants of Goulburn, ever ready to testify their loyalty to their Queen, are making great preparations for her birthday, 24th of May. The Goulburn Fire Brigade, we are in- formed, will march through the town in procession, accompanied by the German Band, which is expected to arrive next week. Squibs and crackers are at a pre- mium, and everything promises a joyous festival. — Ibid. TESTIMONIAL. — The inhabitants of Cooma and its vicinity have presented John Lambie, Esq., late Commissioner of Crown Lands for that district, with a handsome piece of plate, valued at £110 — as a testimonial of the good feeling and high respect entertained for him during a residence of sixteen years among them. — Ibid. YASS. — COOMA CREEK DIGGINGS, 8 MILES FROM THE SHAKING BOG.— Mr. Curling, commonly known by the name of the Yankee, has given permission to report to you, that from the 19th of April to 1st May, with six men he obtained 79 ozs. 11 dwts. of gold ; and he is of opinion that these diggings will turn out well, having followed the lead of gold from the Ovens to Adelong, and on to this place. — Ibid. RUMOURED DISCOVERY OF TEN TONS OF GOLD. — On Wednesday afternoon it was reported that a party of miners, at Tarrengower, had come upon a boulder of gold of the astonishing weight of ten tons. Upon making enquiries, we found that this rumour was generally prevalent, although there was some discrepancy with respect to the locality in which this won- derful ' find ' occurred. At the Treasury, a report of the kind had been circulated, with a statement that the Government Commissioners had left for Melbourne. The official, however, does not appear to have reported himself ; and at present everything in respect to the discovery is extremely vague and uncertain. Without vouching for the correctness, not only of details, but of the statement in chief, we give what particulars have reached us : — A quartz-crushing party at Tarrengower, on Monday, came upon a block of auriferous quartz, it is said, in which the precious metal predominated to such an extent, that the ten tons were valued at three-quarters of a million ster- ling. — Argus. MEMS, FROM THE GOVERNMENT GAZETTE. — Our lively and interesting con- temporary furnishes us with little news of local importance during the past week. Among the different notices, we observe the following : — ' The Beechworth County Court will be holden on Wednesday, June 20th, et sequitu, at 10 a.m. ; plaints received until Tuesday, 5th June, defences and sets off until Thursday, 14th June. The provisions of acts (30 of 18th Vic- toria), ' To amend the law relating to the impounding of cattle — (31 of 18th Vic- toria) to amend ' An Act to Amend the Law relating to the Post office. ' Clause 3 of this act provides that letters deposited at any post office in the colony of Vic- toria for delivery at such post-office, or within the limits of such city or town, shall be charged two-pence ; all letters to be transmitted between separate post towns or places within Victoria, the sum of fourpence, and on all letters to be transmitted by ship to places beyond the limits of Victoria, the sum of sixpence. RACES AT WANGARATTA. — With refer- ence to the races advertised in our present issue, we have been requested by Mr. Robert Reid, to state that he has given no authority for the publication of his name as judge ; and that he takes the present opportunity of publicly declining the post. CONCERT AT THE EL DORADO HOTEL. — On Monday evening next, a concert, for the benefit of Messrs. Peck and Saqui, is to he given at Bryant's Hotel, in High- street. The programme is arranged with great judgment and taste, so that all those who are fond of really good scientific music will, without doubt, experience a great treat by attending. CRICKET. — The match that was to have come off yesterday, between the Snake Valley and Beechworth Clubs, was post- poned sine die, in consequence of the incle- mency of the weather. OPENING OF THE HALL OF APOLLO. — On Tuesday Evening last, the above build- ing attached to the hotel of Mr. Jarvis, at Yachandandah (sic), and dedicated as the name expresses, to a most important personage, was opened with a grand Ball. It is almost ' wearying to be compelled to give continued reports of ball upon ball and concert upon concert, but in the present instance, we cannot forbear a few remarks on the superiority of the entertainment in question. The Hall of Apollo measures 60 feet in length by 24 in breadth, and but for one defect in its architecture, viz : the lowness of the ceiling, would be per- fect as a dancing room. There were about 200 guests ; the dancing was kept up with good humour and animation, and the supper was such as to elicit the praise and tempt the appetite of every one. As is usual in these cases, that early riser Phœbus caught the dancers at their work and admonished them, that it was high time to court the favours of the drowsy god. POST OFFICE ALTERATIONS. — A rumour has for the last few days, received general credence, that the duties of the Post Office, at Beechworth, had been transferred to the charge of a certain storekeeper in this township. We are, however, on enquiry, enabled to state that such is not the case, although from what we ourselves know of the wishes of the powers with regard to country post offices, such an arrangement is by no means improbable. MAGNIFICIENT SPECIMEN OF QUARTZ, CLAY, AND GOLD. — By our Summary of Mining Intelligence, it will be seen that the finest specimen that has ever yet been found on the Ovens Gold Field, has, during the last week, been taken out of a claim at Snake Valley. The spot is in Long Dick's Gulley, and the whole of the appearances gives reason to believe that the lead which was lost in this quarter, last year, has at length been re-struck. The specimen, as it is, weighs about 28-lbs. RACES AT WANGARATTA, in commemora- tion of the Battle of Waterloo ! ! ! — Our sporting friends at Wangaratta must excuse us for ' touching them up ' a little with regard to an announcement of the above nature, which appears in another part of our present impression. What in the name of common sense could the pro- moters of these sports have been thinking about, in giving them such a mal a propos title, at a time like the present, when all ' ancient grudges ' and sore subjects, the result of our former contests with the French nation should be dissipated before the genial influence of the warm fellow- ship and union of purpose that now exists between ourselves and our brothers in arms. Surely this is not the time to raise the Ghost of Waterloo and fan the spark of animosity between the two nations, which is fast expiring under the present circumstances. This mistake, has un- doubtedly arisen through thoughtlessness, and we are sure our friends will take the well deserved ' wigging ' in the same spirit with which we give it. We would suggest that the proposed sports, as an amende honourable, should be dedicated to ' the total extinction of all ill feeling and harboured resentment that may have hitherto excited between the French and English nations. LITERARY AND SCIENTIFIC INSTUTE. — We would remind our readers that the bye- laws of this Institution are lying for signature at the office of the Honorary Secretary, Mr. Westfield, Ford street, Beeceworth. We would advise all who are desirous of joining, to loose no time in enrolling their names as members of this truly useful association. MARRIED AND UNMARRIED. — The Register-General announces, somewhat tri- umphantly, that the British population contains ' a reserve of more than a million unmarried men, and of more than a million unmarried women, in the prime of life, with as many more of younger ages ; ' and that, if these celibate millions were married, it would result that the births per annum, instead of being 700,000, would be 1,000,000. Let the world no longer sneer at bachelors and old maids, but rather let them be honoured for their single blessed- ness. — Launceston Examiner. DEATH OF A CAVALRY SOLDIER FROM HYDROPHOBIA. — A private soldier, named Charles Miller, belonging to the Royal Horse Guards (Blue), died on Thursday, at the hospital in Windsor Barracks, under the following circumstances : — The deceased, about twelve months ago, when stationed at Knightsbridge, took up a little dog which had followed the regiment from Chobham, and squeezed it under his arm until, as he said, its howling was a good imitation of the bagpipes. After thus squeezing it for some time, he bit the dog through the ear, which so enraged the animal, that it made a spring at the face of deceased, and inflicted a severe wound on his upper lip. The wound speedily healed, and nothing more was thought of the circumstance, until two months ago. when deceased was admitted into the Windsor Hospital, in a state bordering on delirium. Last week he manifested decided symptoms of hydrophobia, and these gradually increased in intensity until Thursday, when he died in a dreadful state. In one of his paroxysms, he bit completely through a heavy metal spoon. It has been stated on high medical authority, that the bite of a dog, when greatly excited, is as poisonous as one from a dog in an unequivocal state of hydro- phobia ; and in the present case the dog who bit deceased has not been known to exhibit any signs of madness. The deceased was a remarkably fine young man. He was twenty-six years of age, and had been in the regiment six years. — English paper. MURRAY RIVER. — It is stated that recent examinations of the lands bordering on the Murray River, have brought to light many mineral substances of great utility and value. The most abundant are gypsum, fullers earth, and porcelain clay. It is also said that large bodies of hema- tite (iron) are visible in some of the Murray cliffs, and as these ores can be smelted by means of wood charcoal only, the probability of their being reduced to a merchantable form in the valley of the Murray is by no means remote. — Bendigo Advertiser. GOLD FIELDS' REPRESENTATION. — ' The Number of Members' Increase Bill ' has passed, and already Mr. Norman Simson has published an address to the inhabitants of Maryborough, soliciting their suffrages. We expect, ere long, to see every gum-tree and post in this district, covered with notices inviting voters to ' rush to the poll. ' These are droll things to occur in places that, but a few months back, were the ancestral estates of the 'possums and kangaroos. MUSICAL P. P. C. — The talented BAR- LOW, in company with his interesting brother ' Billy ' (Mr. Small), and his man Friday, of vocal, instrumental, and pedes- trian notoriety, has announced his intention of quitting the ' gay and festive scene, ' in the course of a few days ; and gives, previ- ous to his departure, two farewell concerts at the Salle de Valentino ; the last of which will take place this (Saturday) evening. We should strongly recommend all those who have not yet heard Mr. Barlow's varied performances to avail themselves of the present opportunity. It is, we under- stand Mr. Barlow's intention to pay Albury a visit. ————————————————— 