Moxda-t, August 13. Present—Messrs. J. Ragless, jun. (Chairman), man, and Folland. The slaughterhouse return from Salisbury -was re*^ ceired. An application from Mr. Huggius, for permission to take two stumps and a dead tree ou the road at the Para ' River, was presented. Ordered, that Mr. Freeman be requested to view arrange. A complaint was preferred rcspeting a deep trench made by Mr. Bushanshal, ou the road near Ids fen<* He was requested to make it good forthwith. An application was made from Mr. Henry Bryant for aid towards the erection of a bridge across the Para River. Ordered, that the Cle.k reply that the Council is dis posed to cutcrtain the subject favourably, but the amount of aid (if auy) must entirely depend on the amount of rate about to be given by the ratepayers. Letter from the Ccutral Board if Main Roads, requesting an estimate for that portion cf the man line running through the district, and inviting the Chair man's attendance at a meeting to he held on the 26th instant, for consideration of the reorganization of the Board. Order—The Chairman is requested to attend and state that an estimate at all approximating to accuracy cannot be made in the short time allowed, and that for the same reason the Council cannot ofibr any matured suggestions for the reconstruction of the Board. In a desultory conversation, however, on the impulse of the moment, the members present were unanimous in the opinion that the Board, as at present constituted, is totally inadequate to the task imposed on it, notwith standing the zeal and general abilities of its members; and that the main, as well as district roads, should be placed under the control of the Councils, assisted by a sa laried Government officer at tbe head of the department; that for main-road purposes adjacent District Councils might be grouped into fives or any other manageable number; that to each group should be appointed a Sur v-yor, paid by the Government, for main-road services; and by each district of the group, a small annual salary for district services; that the plans and estimates be pre pared by the Surveyor, and submitted to each Council concerned, with duplicates to the Superintendent; th*f» if approved by both, the Council advertise for tenders— duplicates of these also to be sent to the Superintendent -—and, finally, the most eligible tender being agreed on by both, the erection of the works thenceforward to rest with the District Councils and Group Surveyor; or, in order to prevent the imputation of partiality and jobbery, the Chairman of each group might, with the Superin tendent, hold a road sessions at some place central to each group, and ti ere reject or pass the tenders pre viously submitted to the District Comicils and Superin tendent. It was, however, determined that the Council should only express the opinion of the inadequacy of the present Board, and its utility of placing lino* under the District Councils. Adjourned to 5th October. Proposed New Church.—A correspon faassent us the following:—"Tbfi erection of a new church on the Torreus. near CamptellToimnnd Barley, projected ab^ut 12 months since, is likely to be soon proceeded with. The delay has been cadged fay the Building Committee determining to apply to O. Smith. Esq., or London, for a site. That application has been fcindly responded to by the grant of two acres in a most eligible position, and on which it is proposed shortly to commence operations. The subscriptions promised amount to £220, ttq^, now that the site is determined on, will doubtless be rapidly increased." Fine Vegetables.—A cabbage, grown in the garden or Mr. Varcoo, of Kooringa, and weighing 18S lbs., was exhibited last Tuesday in the window of one of the shops in that township, as were also several cauli flowers, radishes, carrots, and turnips of extraordinary size grown iu the same garden. The season has been most favourable for the growth of vegetables in all parts of the colony. Adelaide Hounds.—On Thursday, 24th August, the liouads started from Willaston and un coupled near Templar's. The results of the day's sport were the death of two very fine doe kangaroos, and the capture of a young one aiive. The first was run down in about ten minutes, ltaving been brought up by one of Mr. Samuel Crackle's kangaroo dogi. Mr. James Day claimed the brush. The other g.ve some fine sport and hard riding for two bonis and seven minutes. Mr. Wn, Malcolm was the first in at the death. The only fiudt complained of was the too great abundance of game. The running quite compensated for the poor sport ot the first day's hunt . Momionism:.—On Monday a meeting, con vened by public notice, was held in Mr. Ml school-room, Stephens-place^ to discuss the do Mormonism. At a preliminary meeting it hafi h agreed that the discussion should be conducted by 1 W. Dale and Mr. J. IV. Norton; the subjects being^-lst. " That baptism by immersion is essential to sslvafton.** 2\. " Tbat the laying on of hands is necessary as a IT ordinance for the reception of the (joly Ghost.* ,, affirmative of these propositions was takea Norton, and the negative by Mr. Dale. The sr was charged for admission, and the room was . to overflowing. Messrs. Harbin and Wood xrered«5S: Chairmen, and each speaker was allowed 20 minutes. Mr. Norton was first heard, and after stating that the doctrines of Mormonism were not only misrepresented, but mirun lerstvoi, quoted largely from the Bible in proof of the first proposition. Mr. Dale spoke from the same authority in opposition to Mr. Norton, aid con tended that the interpretation put upon them by him was not warranted, many of the pasaages quoted, he said, had no bearing on the question, and that even the apostles of Mormon, Smith and Bridgman Yonng, did not believe in baptism by immersion. The speakers were heard patiently fort lie first two honrs, after whhh the audience became impatient, several persons contend ir g they had come to heir the creed of the Mormons discussed, end not to listen to arguments on a subject which was considered to he orthodox by a portion of the Christian Church. The second proposition was scarcely mooted, and after much noise and eonftuloa the proceedings terminated abruptly. It was decided that Mr. Norton had not, to the satisfaction of the meet ing, made good the first proposition. Printed and published by William Kvrrin Thomas (for the PaopBiKTOBs), every Saturday, at the Office of the AdefaidsOiaeroer, Grmfell-street and Hindley- streeU Adelaide, South Australia, where Ml advertisements and cozmmnuqatioQB (post-paid) most w •aa*e«wa. 