LETTER OF THE VERY REV. DR. CAHILL, ,3N REPLY TO THE CHALLENGE OP THE PRO TESTANT CLERGYMEN OF SLIG0 TO A PUB LIC DISCUSSION. CHALLENGE AND REPLY. ' The Rectory, Sligo, April 23, 1855. « Rev. Sir.-'-As you have visited this town with the avowed purpose of preaching doctrines which we believe to be erroneous, and impugning doctrines which we believe to be true, we invite you, and as many priests of the Church of Rome as you may choose to associate with you, to meet us for the public discussion of the points on which we differ. — We remain, Rev. Sir, your r..; Mi (nl servnnts. ' Edward Day, Rector of St. John's ' Edward Nangle, Rector of Screen. ' Samuel Shone, Curate of St. John's. ' Wm. Jepfcott, Incumbent of Lissadell. ?' Wir. C. Townsend, Irish Church Missio nary. ' Geo. W. Dalton, Irish Church Missio nary. '?A. T. Gillmor, L. L. D., Incumbent of Calry. ' Rev. Dr. Cahill, Sligo.' ' Sligo, Thursday, April 26. ' Rev. Sirs — On Monday last I received from you a written communication, in which you invite me and any given number of priests of what you are pleased to call the Church of Rome, ?to a public discussion of certain points of Chris tian doctrine, alleging, at the same time, as a cause for this proceeding on your part, that I have preached doctrines which you believe to be erroneous, and impugned doctrines which you believe to be true. ' Without stopping here to point out the value of any opinion of yours with reference to Chris tian doctrine, I am come to say that, as there is some difficulty in learning what doctrines you be lieve, perchance, to be true in the year 1 8*55, and because you have, in your diocesan and synodal convocations, declared your own Protestant doc trines to be erroneous, seven hundred and .fifty one times (!) within the three hundred years of their shifting existence, I shall take leave (previ ously to my sending you a formal reply) to exa mine the professional novelties of your system for the current year, in order to suit my answer to the progressive genius of Protestant inspiration.' ' I am, reverend Sirs, most truly yours, ' D. W. Cahill, D. D.' .Sligo, May 5, .1855. i Reverend Sirs,— You seem totally to forget the I recent apostacy -of the founders of your sect in i supposing that I could so far lose sight of my of~ i ficial position as to meet you in public discussion I on matters of faith. The idea of the followers of I Luther, Zuingliiis, Calvin, and Beza, being the I judges of sound doctrine might excite a smile of I mere sui prise in those who count .over the discor I dant progeny of early Protestantism.; but the I man whose duty it is to defend the Gospel of I CImst again^t.daily and ineredible innovations, ?can with difficulty repress his legitimate indigna tion when he beholds unbaptised, unordained men assume the office of Christian teachers ; and without a governing head, without a mission:, without a fixed creed, unblushingly raise their voices as the apostles of Christ. The ingenuity with which you- persuade your hearers that you are the ancient church, although history records the recent date of your origin — the plausibility I with which you-contrive to deceive your followers that you profess the one self-same faith of the apostles, while your new yearly creeds succeed each other like the rising and sinking waves of an angry, convulsed sea — and the talent with which you impose upon your congregations that your office is one of the most disinterested love, a free gift, while your communion-table stands in one of our plundered cathedrals, while your glebes are i built on our rich abbey lands, and while your I carriages, fine linen, and purple, and champagne are purchased with the yearly sum of one million sterling, the patrimony of the starving, naked, persecuted Irish poor — all this conduct on your part furnishes an historical evidence of open de ceit, of educated fraud, and incomprehensible au dacity, which, .without any doubt at all, stands without a parallel in the history of the whole world. Your plain case is-this — namely, you are not baptised, and yet you call yourselves'Chris tians — you are not ordained, and you call your selves priests — you have, of course, no mission, and you call yourselves church missionaries — you tell the world you are preaching the Gospel for nothing, although everybody knows you have plundered the Irish poor .to the enormous extent °f seven hundred millions sterling, including plundered lands!! and you claim, (in., the face of i mankind with this plunder on your back) the sole ! privilege of being the chosen ambassadors of'hea i yen, although, in an official point' of view, you ?can have no more connexion with God, than the : officers of the Turkish .fleet. If we were not convinced, from painful experience, that these are Palpable facts, no man could believe that such : n*en could have ever existed in any age or .coun i *ry- Whoever will take the trouble care Mly to examine my statements' and ; compare them with the laws of the Gospel will SQon learn that your sect is practising on mankind s '*«e largest and 'the most extravagant imposture : w'ich has ever been recorded in the annals of ? '*uraan history. A single glance., therefore, .at .the ?position you hold must convince you that my church would not permit me or any member of my profession, to hold any discussion with you, branded as you are with the crime of apostacy, and sacrilegious assumption of the office of the priests of God. Being- not baptised, you are clearly infidels ; without ordination, you are de cidedly impostors ; and being self-appointed teachers, you are openly sacrilegious usurpers of the sacred office of the Lord's annointed servants. But there is a new phase in your official cha racter which is the most astounding feature in your strange Protestantism. When your founders separated from the Catholic church in the reign of Edward the Sixth, Cranmer drew uo vour Thirty-nine Articles, and the English parliament being summoned on the occasion, this act of par liament, tiiis ' bill of faith' was ascribed to the inspiration of the Holy Ghost ? — that is, an as sembly of the most wicked men known to English history usurp the place of Christ, invent a par liamentary creed-, and as if in mockery of God, pass ' a bill of redemption in riotous and shudder ing blasphemy.' I protest to God I am astonished how any man, on calm reflection would not blush to acknowledge himself the follower of such incon gruous iniquity. Within the shoFt period of three hundred years of your existence, your sect has, by clear historical evidence of your synodal, and convocational, and diocesan, and parlia mentary decisions, changed this ' bill of faith' seven hundred and fifty-one times.' (See Bos suet.) You kave, therefore declared by your own deliberate testimony that you have been believing and teaching erroneous doctrines seven hundred and fifty-one times within the period of three hundred years, and with this- palpable declaration stamped on your foreheads, you, with seven hun dred and fifty-one prevarications, unblushingly come before the public and invite me to a discus sion on the doctrine which perchance you believe in the year 1 855. In each of these changes you boldly assert with your usual reformed effrontery, that eaelr change is to be ascribed to the direct inspiration of the Holy Ghost ! and thus you tell your unfortunate audiences that the creed which th.e Holy Spirit declared last year to be true is now declared by the same spirit to be false ! — that within three hundred- years, your inspiration has had seven hundred and fifty one prevarications on the same subject ; that is you ascribe to the third' person of the adorable Trinity, God, a lying conduct, which would be sufficient before any impartial jury of our country to sink into lower depths of public infamy the most degraded vaga bond of human society ! When pressed on this vital point of your perpetual changes, you come forward with the strange declaration that your church is not infallible :? on the contrary, that it is' fallible, and you add, moreover, that neither your church nor any other institution on earth has ever been, or can 'never be, infallible. Here we Catholics look at you with renewed amaze ment, and we ask how can you have & firm faith on a fallible basis— how can you firmly believe a thing which you doubt? and hence we get a glimpse at a new quality in your system— namely, that it is impossible for you to have divine faith, as doubt and the conviction of faith cannot exist in the same man at the same time. Surely, then, you must be utterly unconscious of your most un christian position to -imagine that my superiors in the church could allow me to hold any pro fessional intercourse with persons whose incorri gible religious contrarieties present such a thrilling amount of terrific consequences. In these state ments to which your gratuitous and unwarrant able .challenge has reluctantly, forced me, I beg to express ???towards you; personally the respect which is due to you as gentlemen ; but I cannot conceal from you that I believe in my conscience your system- of faith and worship is the most wicked medley of opinion and the most flagrant iniquity which has ever been propounded in any age or nation since the introduction- of Christianity. You are for ever publishing to the world that your faith is founded on the written word of God, although .in your third article of faith you believe that the Holy Ghost proceeds, from the son and the father. Will you say in what part of the written word you find the procession-of- the Holy Ghost from the son? I ask emphatically this question. And if this article of your faith be not found in the written word, you are clearly borrow ing your faith from one of our councils, and there fore contradicting your published rule of faith. In your harangues from your pulpits and from public platforms you put forward as your apology for your present rebellion against the authority of the Catholic church, the absurd statement, namely, that the church had fallen- into error in some cen tury unknown; in some country unknown, and introduced by some body unknown— that is; the church somehow fell and was corrupted some place, some time, by somebody. You also declaim that.no one knew how, where, or when, or by whom the whole church fell; that it was done by degrees unknown to the whole world'; that all the old Books of the libraries of all nations were slowly corrupted without the people of these nations knowing it; and lastly, that some monks, whom nobody knows, or ever could know, had, by united concert and fraud, which nobody has, or ever can' detect, produced this universal, in visible', imperceptible, impalpable change in the gospel and in the church. :In fact, you state that the church had disappeared, without scarcely a t trace of the original fabric being left behind ! and without one human being; during seven centuriesi throughout all. nations, being in the least cogni zant, .or having any idea of the change ! Now, I think there is scarcelv any man living who will not say that this Protestant story, or rather this Protestant mystery, is the most perfect apocalpyse of lies that could ever be imagined to proceed from the wildest dream of the most frenzied fancy ; but it is a- mere tame, stern narrative, compared with the sequel of this incredibility. When you have thus raised the astonishment of your, hearers with this historical mystery, you then gravely tell them that by the providence of God the old church was restored; by whom? Here comes the grand climax, where God the Father is made to surpass the Holy Spirit, in a course which makes the blood freeze, and the hair stand on an end. Here it is — this church, so fallen, so changed, it's worship perverted, its light extinguished, its voice dead, arid the world covered with darkness, unknown to the world, would have remained in this forlorn condition for ever, as you assert, if God had not raised up persons to restore it to its former perfection. And who, do you say, were those chosen persons ? Here Protestantism surpasses itself. Here it is — God ?raised up the vilest miscreants, the most tracu lent monsters, the veriest demons of hypocrisy, perjury, spoliation, and murder, who, forsooth, were inspired by God ! to restore his worship ! to do honor to his sanctity ! to introduce the re ligion of truth ! to preach charity ! to teach for giveness ! to proclaim justice! and by crimes such as the world never witnessed before, to ad vance the Gospel, to publish the cross, and to ex tend the kingdom of Christ ! — that is, God em ployed and called demons to teach sanctify, and by practising the works of the devil, to encourage men to lead the lives or saints ! ! — that is, the choicest companion on the road to heaven is the devil, the most certain mark of reform is crime, and the surest way to Christ is to travel through the abyss ! ! Oh, Protestantism, Protestantism, thou hast surely the likeness of thy founders carved on all the features of thy terrific figure. And it must never be forgotten that this church is said to have fallen and its law changed, although God the Father swore that ' the word he put in the mouths of men should never depart from them,' although Christ several times de clared that this church- should never fail — that the gates of hell should never prevail against it, and that he would- send to the Apostles and their successors for ever the Holy Spirit, who would bring to their recollection all things whatsoever he taught them, and who would abide with them for ever. Hence it follows, according to yonr statement, that although the church failed under the promises of the Trinity, it recovered under the providential interference of one man who ab ducted another man's wife ;- a third man who read his recantation three times on his oath; a fourth man who murdered five wives ; a fifth in dividual (a woman) who signed an act of parlia ment, consigning the throne of England to her future illegitimate offspring (if she -should have any), and thus with her own hand, this head of your church, called by God, published to coming times an act of infamy unkngwn' in the records of either ancient or modern. This, gentlemen, is the common topic of your sermons, speeches, and orations, in all your churches ; it is the basis of your present position ; it is the pretext of all your bible societies ; it is the apology for your most outrageous insult of the Catholics of Ireland ; it is the thesis you de fend at Exeter Hall, the mainspring by which you collect tens of thousands to convert the Ca tholics of Ireland, and it is the stereotyped, overgrown lie on which Protestantism lives in this country. This monstrous religious epic, well told and sanctimoniously declaimed, cannot fail to move (I willingly admit) most honorable minds and religious English hearts to subscribe hundreds of thousands of pounds to maintain this most stupifying gigantic fabrication— this huge dodge — this stupendous humbug, to pay troops of designing missionaries, hundreds of scant bible men, threadbare, lemon-coloured soupers, to de luge the country with mis-statement and discord, to publish the grossest slander on the discipline and doctrine of the Catholic church, to poison the breast of the landlord, to arm the red hand of the nightly assassin, to convert the poor-law into persecution and the poorhouse into a hell, to en gender social animosity, to turn Ireland into a battle field of public hatred, and, if not stopped in time here and on the Continent, perhaps very soon to endanger the stability of the throne of England. With this statement on your lips, can anything, be more ludicrous than to hear you speak of 'the doctrines you believe,' as if any one man in Ireland who knows your system pays the slightest regard to any opinion of yours in religion? No confidence can be placed in any thing you say — no reliance on any doctrine you profess. The only reasonable reply which any one who knows you should give to any challenge from you, is to use the graphic words, ' wait a while ; ' because you yourselves will be the first to impugn the doctrines which, perchance, you now believe for a season. How, therefore, could it have entered into your imagination that my bishop would have given me leave to enter on a public discussion with persons whose history is vile fiction, whose creed is wicked romance, and whose faith is a piebald dream, an impalpable rainbow, the product of the storm, and disap pearing 'when the clouds vanish; and the serene sky is restored. Beyond all doubt you must for get your incongruous position when you could' suppose that an accredited minister of God should leave the peaceful sanctuary, his holy calling, bring forth his time-honoured title into public disputation, and run . through . the mire in the streets to contend with a reckless, unchristian band of itinerant gladiators shouting for fight outside the doors of our churches. As the discussion you contemplate is to be public, 1 presume that the Protestants of the classic town of Sligo are to be the judges of the superiority of the controversialists. Can it be possible, . gentlemen, that you are serious in this additional mad freak of yours?— that is, the peo ple of Sligo, the sellers of leather, pipeclay, and reaping-hooks are to determine whether the Old Testament, written in Hebrew and Syro-Chaldaic, has been accurately translated — wh ether Esdras is to be expunged, and the Maccabees rejected — whether Moses wrote five books or wrote any thing — whether any of the books were penned by the men whose names they bear — whether Moses was a murderer or a man of God — whe- ther the whole of the Old Testament was lost in the rebellion of Jeroboam, or corrupted during the Babylonian captivity. No one can have a higher respect or a more ardent affection for the people of Sligo than I have ; but I do honestly believe that the great and glorious Parson Nangle, , the hero of Sebastopol in the Island of Aehill, and even the two inspired church missionaries who have challenged me, could, with all their known talents, master all the difficulties of the Old Testament without taking into account the translations of the Greek original in the New, with all its idioms, contractions, metaphors, elip ticisms, its authenticity, its integrity, canonicity, &c.; And if we add to this the necessity of being acquainted with the Greek and Latin Fathers, in order to see if the disputants' quote correctly, I think it will be admitted on all hands, that if you insinuate your congregation in Sligo can master all this amount of knowledge in ancient and mo dern languages, in ecclesiastical history, in the Fathers of the Eastern and Western Roman empire, you- are decidedly asserting a position . which no sarie man can credit, even though it proceeds from the- seven wonders of the world, the Seven Champions' of Christendom in Sligo. Ah, gentlemen, if you wish to recruit your missionary funds by pointing' out to your contri butors and' masters in England and elsewhere that you are at your work in Ireland, this is no reason why the Catholic priest should so far lose sight of his proprieties as to indulge itinerant r-l . __ ?__ . I. _ ? 1 * ? ? A. .. Kill -£ i\\-v,rt. -Pnu oouperism in tue uuuung out a. uui ui imo iiu the revilers of Exeter-ball by the' trick of a pub lic discussion at Sligo. There is an additional reason, and the strongest of all, why I could not consent to meet the Slfgo Soupers in theological combat— I could no more meet you to decide the articles of faith than the Queen could agree to argue- her title to the throne of her ancestors with Jones and Frost,' the trans ported Chartists— the argument on my part is in finitely stronger than that of the Queen. She could not do it consistently with the law's of this realm which have fixed her title. : I dare riot do it consistently with the. laws of Chris.t, whichj in' public council, have .irrevocably, under the gui dance of the Holy Ghost, decided my faith. The legislation of Christ on this solemn- point is with out a- parallel', even in its own ordinances. It is the masterpiece of law in the sacred volume, and places the authority of the church, in matters of faith in such a legal pre- eminence that I am con vinced no man or set of men living, except the Seven Champions of Christendom, could think of superseding this irrefragable evidence by a majo rity of voices in the town of Sligo. Gentlemen, as you say you value the Word of God, hear this full document, this unsurpassed record of the au- thority of the church: 1\. The. appointment and source of power— ' As the Father sent me, I send you.' 2\. The knowledge; requisite to discharge the duties— All things which 1 heard from the Father, I have made known to you.' 3» The office to- be discharged — ' Go ye into the whole world, and preach the Gospel.' 4\. The subjects of their jurisdiction. — ' Go . ye, and preach the Gospel to every creature.' fi. Thfi pvt.pnt nf fp.rritnrv Riimpr-.f-. to t-.hp.rn— ' Go ye into all- nations.' ? $. The obedience to be paid to them — 'He who hearsyou hears me.' 7'. The crime of not obeying them — ' He who despises you despises me.' ?8; The rewards and penalties attached to their authority — -' Go ye and preach— and he that be lieveth and is baptised shall be saved ; and he that believeth not shall be damned.' ?9. The security — the certitude attached to their office — ' Lo, I am with you.' ?1 0. The term and tenure of .their office—' All days, even to the consummation. of -the world,' 11\. The legislative bond of Christ to men as a guarantee of the trust to be -reposed in them— r 'And the gates of hell shall never prevail against it.' 12\. The presence and the instruction of the Holy Ghost, the Spirit of Truth, who will bring you to your recollection all things whatsoever I have told you, and who will abide with you for ever. Here decidedly as far as words can express it is a clear legislative enactment of Christ appoint ing a permanent court on earth to the consum mation of the world, where the Holy Ghost offi cially presides, and where he instructs men to preach and teach for ever — with whom Christ is for ever — who are heard as men would hear him —who have his authority as teachers — who are to teach every creature, all nations — and against the truth of whose ordinances the gates of hell shall never prevail. I can see no language in scripture stronger, clearer, more decided than this enactment ; it is clear as the truth, life, death, arid resurrection of Christ; I read it with the same evidence — I believe, it with the same certi tude. If this document is to be discredited, I can have no motive or reason to believe in the redemption of Christ. Now, this authority has decided my faith — that is, the Holy Ghost has from the foregoing premises, decided it ; hence I cannot canvass further his decisions — my faith through him is fixed. I could no more consent to^ decide it by a majority of votes, than I could put the existence of Christ to public vote of an excited mob of infidels. Geritlemen, you perceive I have in this case taken pains' with you, because I do from my heart pity you ; I have sincere, unfeigned compassion for you. You are labour ing, in a wretched, a wrong cause. The life of a church missionary is, without doubt, one unceas ing sleepless, marvellous, profound dodge ; be scarcely ever tells one word of truth or justice ' towards the discipline and doctrine of Catholics. xnis is a melancholy lite, a terrmc protession. To be poisoning the young Protestant mind — to be warping the honour and truth of the young Protestant generation, is a profession more odious than that of Calcraft, the London executioner. I assure you your published sermons, your speeches, your pamphlets, your articles in the papers, are all one accumulation of incredible falsehood. Of course I do not impeach your honour as gentlemen and citizens ; but in your character of (what you call) preaching human fancy, can never reach the height of falsehood which your sect has built up to the very skies in reference to Catholics. And you will fail in your scheme of convert ? ing (?) the Irish by the 'modern plan of what is called ' souperism.' During three hundred years yv0 sect has tried the various stratagems of plunder, confiscation, banishment, the rack, the gibbet, the rope, and death in every form of re fined cruelty and persecution, and you have failed. But of late you changed entirely your old machi nery. Your clerical men of God now seldom go abroad in search of converts. You now 'eni'olov sanctified policemen, predestined weavers, righte ous Birmingham cabmen, and holy London ?waiters in the work of the Lord. 'All these Anglican apostles now deluge Ireland as the elect of God in the conversion, of the poor persecuted Irish. You stand behind the scenes in some places, while in the other districts you act a principal part in the most disgraceful traffic of souls, which history has ever revealed. You tell your dupes in England and elsewhere that you have succeeded in converting the Irish by 'employing the very scum of the English and Irish purlieus to bribe the famished wretch to trample on his conscience 7— to commit perjury to man, and sacrilege to God. Better leave the poor Catholic in all the crimes of Society than join your anti-christian 1 confederacy. In the first 'case he may be steeped in crime, but he has leit a warning voice of con science, but in the' other case He begins with hypocrisy, proceeds in perfidy, progresses in per jury, and ends without one sentiment of remorse uj. uue warning ecuo or conscience. — me protes tant Alliance has made more infidels in London on this system than Voltaire ever corrupted ; and your vile system of soup kettles, and reformed blankets, and Lutheran stirabout pots are just the kind of weapons for you in order to prop up a creed of .incongruities* a scheme of national plunder, palpable spoliation of the poor, the creature of ancient lust and plunder, the tyrant of political freedom, and the worst form of irreli ligion amongst mankind. Not content with com bining the Landlords of Ireland in a conspiracy of bigotry against the Catholic, you work the pro prietary of Ireland into a frenzy to exterminate the poor Irish tenant— not content, with forcing them to quit their country to seek a home in foreign lands— not content 'with flinging them in tens 01 tuousanas on sea and land from the im placable hatred you excite towards our ancient faith, you follow their children into the meagre poor- house and there you make the last effort'' to rob the emaciated offspring of the parents whom you hunted out of society, of the remaining in heritance they possess. By your incredible perse cution of the poor Catholic you have reduced the pupumuun ui lreianu, you uave weakened the right arm of the throne, and you have made the motto of the poor to be u Death or apostacy.' But you are defeated— your scheme has failed. The cash from England has ceased ; the taxes and Sebas topol will soon dismiss the weavers from Mac clesfield — the rnissiuners cannot live on air— and old Protestantism is doomed to wear out its branded existence in public detestation and rapid oecuy. ^ me ivieuioaists are supplanting you— the Unitarians are, outstripping you— the Tracta rians are diminishing your throe congregations — the Puseyites are quitting your absurdities— your ?Id followers are ashamed of you — the wbolu world despises you, and with all your begging boxes in, England, your million income in Ireland, your buds, glebes, and sees, and nobility, you are vanishing off the face of the earth. The very boys of the -Blue- coat Hospital won't remain with you; your charter nouses, and endowed schools are empty, and your churches are vacant ; your Communion table is deserted, your worship is abandoned, and you have the mere name, but not the reality of a religious establishment. There is one grievous fault in the system of our present national education, which is— rthat our rising generation is not instructed in the ori gin, rise, progress, and spoliation of your church. Their pride — their indignation — their patriotism — their resentment — their father's blood — their martyred race, would teach them to repel your souperism more than the preaching of their priests, and would awaken a shout of derision and defi ance on every hill in Ireland wherever your shabby soupers would defile the soil of St. Pa trick by their profanation of the Gospel of Christ and their mockery of God. — I am, Reverend Sirs, most truly yours, I). W. CAHILL, D. D. P. S. — As I hare never either in Sligo or else where, impeached or ridiculed the creed of Pro testants from the pulpit, and as I have made a rule never to attack the conscientious belief of any class of persons, your challenge to me is ex pressed in language which is neither true nor courteous, hence I shall take no further notice of any gratuitous and unwarrantable communica tion of yours. 