AMATEUR DR VIATIC PERFORMANCE IS I AID OF THE PATRIOTIC rUNlT I Tiu¡long.Ulked.of Amateur Performance in aid of the Tasmanian Patriotic fund took place at the Royal Victoria, Theatre last evening, under the distinguished patronage of His Excellency the Governor and Lady Young, who, honoured the amateurs gave. their presence upon the occasion. I TJia general arrangements for the comfort and enjoyment of the audience reflected much credit upon the taste and judgment of the Committee. The A decorations were in a very appropriate character, in front of the bases of the stage pillars, rich blue and gold ornamented vases, filled with the choicest indi genius and exotic flowers, spread a delightful fra grace around. The front of His Excellency's box was tastefully decorated by a variety of bouquets, and the whole interior of the theatre was gracefully I with flags of all nations. The Off 'man flag was represented by a substitute banners, occupying a place by the side, of the royal arms of Great Britain on the. proscenium. The flags of England and France hung on the pillars, surmounted, by. sinai! bannerets of the Ti color and Union Jack. The band of the- ninety-ninth regiment were, by kind permission of the officer commanding the troop (Colonel Jackson), stationed in the orchestra, had played, an admirable selection of music between, the piejlWf Upon arrival at the Theatre, His Excellency ! Hlmiy Young, Lady Young, and suite, were recalled by His Worship the Mayor and the members of the Committee, who escorted the party to the box usually appropriated to vice-regal receptions. His. Excellency wore the Windsor uniform and in addition to the Private Secretary and the Aide-de-camp, who were ¡n^atterdajnee, we noticed His Honor the Chief Justice and Mrs Fleming, the Colonial Secre- Jetty and Mrs. Champ, and others. Upon entering the box, the band performed the National, Anthem, followed by " Variant pour la Syrie," which were received with unbounded i applause. "; His Wor ship the Mayor came before the curtain to address the audience, and was welcomed, with loud applause. He said, in their attempts to get up this, performance they had been beset with some little difficulties, and contretemps, and at one time they had almost thought they should not be able to accomplish, the object. Even up to. the last moment the very elements seemed to conspire against them; but he was glad to see so many present. His Worship concluded by reading an appropriate prologue which had been prepared for the occasion.' v. The following is a copy of the prologue al actually debVerea i- r " No'need have we with courtly phrase to bow; Your hearts are throbbing forth our prologue now; Noidoubtful cause have we this night is dead Nor sue for pity for the martyred dead ; Dead Í they are not-their deeds, which live, shall be W8#V»»»N»V£ur Me apology. for glorious names shine not less purely bright The past We hear that gives their letters light . clear, forests Wymark; Soutari'i plain, Soft The a1^lÄra,&Tm; each warrior's sleep; 'was theirs die,{thirfjr country's Ulk to weep. ' Vlachos sharp the orphan's cry of deep despair, "NotIpst is sound fits ache reaches here. The' jitters the widow's burst of woe, Firm be her heart ! her tears not vainly flow. The dead arepaat-their knell of hungered and AtaïkrepùnsfcÂtytolulfilt To launch the wound, to ease the bleeding heart, And bid the, trembling, soul in hopeless. "Oh, ever when the happy laugh is dumb, J. At the job done, epaulette sorrow come," When interest anguish and when sharpest eyes Wring the sad hearts victim's despair,- When heartache breaWpginthewpiJd'ebardfWe, And clouds of sorrow hide the sun passes; TJJenjfweeteat tone of consolation heard], Comes in the music of a woman's word. Boche your part, Tasmania's daughters (sir, To soothe each sorrow and dispel each care The beat your hearts in a far distant land, Each pulse is true to that immortal bend. Never forget these warners, tribly W, " Who fought for farionti.and forft^mdjej,,^ ' Be yours the task the fcerrtfaenfeled to bear, >#,j ,, To chase the Widow's and the Orphan's tear,- , To show the world hoBRdeare**'srarrior'« grave, HW England's daughters succour England's best,, 4bkT>kkMrMff Using the >éastè:-Fnderfck, Mr, ^wrTaiSlbaoh.V H. J. Beamont; Captain Niddormannersteinchwancliouningeii, Mr. *wt, Urochotto, (a Cook, Mr Webster; Aide-de-camp, Mr, Martin ; Btion Kiroherwasher, Mr. EnhaM. Countess House, Mrs. Clarence Holt; Family Miss Watson j Soldiers, Servante, Ladies and Gentlemen, to. be ínthepereon.tionof the testy old warrior, k ng " 'weoecHeïly liked Mr. Brewer; he delivered him riff his points remarkably well ; and we have to Imark'thatMr. Beamontis arising amateur, who has already attained more excellence than we could, some knowledge of his previous performances, have riverside credit for. Mr. Webster was so successful I die Cook as to bring down several showers of applause, which to a degree were Well deserved. 'As the Austrian Captain, Mr. Boat was only tolerable, but the action of the Mayor, who had little to do as the sententious Baron, was inimitable, and gave general! satisfaction. We were glad to perceive the spirit with which Miss Watson seconded the exertions of Mis.s Clarence Holt, to render the piece effective. Their joint exertions were valuable, and the Committee vase under a deep obligation to them for the cheerful kindness with which they came forward. To those gentlemen who took the subordinate parts the public thanks are no less doe. The degree of attention which was evidenced in regard to the cos tumeric was creditable in the extreme, and it is seldom that a final tableau of 4 more splendid and imposing character, combining every adjunct of correctness and reality has been witnessed except at theatres of the highest class. Several scenes in the 2nd and 3rd Acts from the first part of Shakespeare's Henry IV. followed next. Prince Henry, Mr. Brewer; Coins, Mr. Webster; Sir John Falstaff, Mr. Elliston.; Banfalph, Mr. TW; Gadshill, Mr, H. J. Beamont; Hostess, fin. Burdett ; Peto, Travellers, &c.; _ 18 were hopeless to expect that a part of a play which has never yet been produced upon the colonial stage in its entirety, even though the chef ?4'duvpi of the Swan of.A von himself, should at once arrest taken tical attention of an audience, much less thankless isolated scenes selected from Henry I- could allow scope for any but the most finished actor to idealise the perfect embodiment of the witty Jack Falstaff, to enter into all his, humours, and- enjoy the onerous honour ' of bearing the' semblance of a painted and well-hooped tun ' of sack, he private tutor of a future King of England, M has been considered by speculative writers, who knew him not, that Falstaff must have weighed, not less than thirty stone without his clothes and this we may presume was the reason for a man of weight-the Mayor enacting the part on this occa ? sion, and we are bound to express our opinion that be staggered us by the suggestion of the psalm singing weaver, when melancholy and moralizing, for he would' have made a wonderful picture-" He would be obliged to have a room made to fit his portly belly, and then imagine him throwing the shuttle as he warbled like a sucking," WeVrterfain a very agreeable impression of Mr. Elliston's performance. Mr. Brewer, as Prince Hal, made himself, pretty much at home; but, as we have above intimated, the real value of the personations of any characters in Shakespeare's plays cannot be ascertained if the preservation of the essential unities becpinesiimpossible-where, in fact, we have to judge others without reference to surrounding and ever varying circumstances, and disconnected from their numerous dramatical friends, relatives, and acquaintances. The entertainments for the evening concluded with Moncrieff a well-known and laughable farce The Spectre Bridegroom, or a Ghost in Spite of Himself. Squire_Aldwinkle, Mr. Elliston ; Dickorv, Mr- Webster; Paul, Mr. Boot; Nicodemus?, Mr. Brewer; Captain Yauntingtott, Mr. H J. Beamont; Lavinia, Mrs. Clarence Holt; Georgina, Mrs. Burdett. The various roles were admirably sustained, the Mayor's Aldwinckle being a complete triumph of theatrical conception. Mr. Brewer, as the clerical looking vampire investigator, went through his part with a mock solemnity that was highly an ming, and which, in fact, seemed to us to take rather too much effect upon this hypocritical footman. Mr. Webster's Pickory was very much liked, and he displayed a great degree of home is in the delineation. His Excellency the Governor, Lady Young and suite remained until the conclusion, and were apparently much i leased washable performance. It is needless to, say that the utmost pleasurable feelings were excited amongst the general and highly respectable audience, and the hope was freely expressed that this would not be the last time that the Amateurs of the Sanspareil would appear at the larger house'. We trust to hear. that the hope will speedily be realised, and the precursor association, equally distinguished for the, dramatic abilities of some of its members, will revive from the state of lethargy into which it has recently fallen-that for union of talents may quickly take place for the further development of such high and noble impulses us have actuated the Mayor and his compeers to make an effort to aid the cause of charity and benevolence. It would be a project worthy of the present management of Drury Lane itself, to act aside our Tasmanian proprietor and namesake, to promote union and co-operation in such a cause, and we commend it heartily to the consideration of the manager of the Sans Pareil. It is due to Mr. Watson, the Lessee of the Royal Victoria, to make a public acknowledgment of the kindness which induced him to place the Theatre at the disposal of the Committee without making any, charge. -1 