A GERMAN GHOST STORY. The Mayence Journal contains the following, dated Aschaffcnburg, 27th October, under the head of the " Black Lady," a pendant to the legendary " White Lady" of the Berlin Palace, whose apparition is believed to announce the approaching death of some member of the Hohenzollern family : - " The Queen Theresa of Bavaria died of cholera at Munich on the 26th, as already known. I hasten to communicate to your readers the following highly interesting and affecting details of which I can guarantee the exact veracity :- ? '"On the 6th of October, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, two princes of the Bavarian Royal Family, equal in birth and relationship, were seated at tea in a room of the Aschaffenburg Palace. A folding door divides this room from another apart- ment, and a smaller papered door separates it from the ante-chamber usually occupied by the domestics in waiting. Of a sudden the latter door opened, and a lady covered with a black veil entered and made a low curtsey before the two illustrious personages. One of the princes, no little astounded, asked the lady if she were invited to tea, and, pointing to the folding door leading into the tearoom (where the Queen and ladies were assembled), gave her to understand that she should enter. No reply, and the lady vanished through the small papered door. Both the illustrious personages were extremely agitated by this wonderful apparition, and its mysterious disappearance. One of them immediately hastened to the ante-chamber, to inquire of the servants about the mysterious figure. No one had seen it come or go, except Asvat, Queen Theresa's body hussar, who had met it in the passage. No other trace could be discovered. Both illustrious persons narrated what had occurred and it soon came to Queen Theresa's ears, and she was so overwhelmed, thereby that she became greatly indisposed, and wept during the whole night. The journey to Munich was fixed for the following day. All the luggage and half the servants were already on the road. To remain longer at Aschaffenburg was scarcely possible. Queen Theresa was filled with the most sorrowful forebodings. She asked several times if it were not possible to remain here. It would be too painful for her to quit Apclmffenburg this time. The mysterious and ominous black Lady glided constantly before her imagination. Somewhat calmed, at length, by judicious observations, she at last sorrow- fully commenced the journey, which it was not possible to postpone. But still, at Munich, where she was at first slightly indisposed, but recovered, her mind was preoccupied with the apparition of the Black Lady of whom she spoke to many persons with trembling apprehension. She was sought to be consoled by saying that the sentries on duty had seen the lady enter the palace. But all was in vain. The idea that the apparition of the figure had a sinister foreboding for her life never quitted her mind; Twenty days after the mysterious evening, Queen Theresa lay a corpse in the Wittelbacbor Palace. Your readers are at liberty to judge of the incident as they please. I must, however, solemnly protest against any suspicious being a brown upon the exact truth of these facts, derived from the highest authority, as I took the above narrative verbatim from the statement of the best informed persons before I had the slightest suspicion of the Queen's death. The two illustrious persons narrated the circumstances of the apparition minutely to several persons, so that the whole town heard of it next morning, and on the same evening the whole personnel of the palace and the soldiers on duty were strictly examined, and requested to state all they know of the matter-a good proof that the occurrence cannot be set down among ordinary nursery tales.". When King Frederick, I. of Prussia was attacked by his last indisposition, he sat one evening, about dusk, in his chamber at the Berlin palace. The folding door" suddenly opened with a crash of broken glass a white figure, with dishevelled hair, and bespattered with blood, rushed before him. " The White Lady ! the White Lady ! My death is at hand." exclaimed the suffering King, and never completely banished the idea from his mind, although the figure was nothing more than his fanatic and insane Queen, a princess of Mecklenburg Schwerin. 