FACETIAE. " I say. Jim," inqnircd ai^yonng nrchín of his companion, but a few years older than himself, " What docs p.ml mean after thom figures on that ore railway hill ?" Jim responds, conscious of his own wisdom, "Penny a mile to be sure!" "Well, and a.m.?" "Oh, that means — that means," says Jim, hesitating, "that means an '(h)apen'y a mile. There is a boy at Vermont who can turn round so quickly that the hind parts of his dress are on both sides of him at the same time. Charles Fox and his vfrionrl Mr. Hare, both much incommoded hy duns, were together in a house, when seeing some shabby men about tho .door, they were afraid'they were baliffs in search of ono . of thora. -Noir* knowing which was in danger, Fox.oponedij}ï6>window, and calling to them said, '. Pray,' gentlemen, aro you fox-hunt- ing or hare-hunting?" LOVE DEFINED.-"Peter,, what am lub?" asked a sabio youth of his companion, a perfect African Plato. " And you don't know nnffin* 'bout him?" "No, Unelo Pete." "Why you education is dreadful imperfect. Don't you feel him in your bussum, to be suro?" Tho other in- serted his hand beneath his waistcoat. " No, I don't, uncle Pete." " Ignorant niggerl It is a strong pashun which rends the soul so sowercly, dat oven timo itself eant't heal it!" Den, uncle Pete, I know who be in lub." "Whom nm it?" " Dis olo boot of mino' It's solo nra rent so so werely, dat Jonsing, do eobbler. utterly refuso to mend him; and he says dat dc -- himself could'nthccl 'om." FOROE OF HABIT.-A late witty member of tho Scottish Bench was ono Sunday recently in church, when ho heard a sermon which only breathed fulmination and abuses against the great enemy of mankind. After listening pa- tiently to tho tirado till its closo, tho judge with feelings of a counsel still strong within him, slily whispered to a friend who sat next him in the pew, " I should like to be heard on tho other sido." Two SORTS or TRIAI..-"Ah, Sam,so you'vo been in trouble, oh ?" "Yes, Bill, yes." "Well, well, cheer up, man; adversity tries us, and Bhow-s up our better qualities." "Ah, but ad- versity didn't try me; it was an Old Bailey Judge, and he showed up my worst qualities." VEGETABLE DIET. -A lad who had lately gone ont to service having had salad served up for dinner every day in tho week, ran away, and when ho was asked why ho left tho place, re- plied, "They made me eat grass in the summer, i andi wur afraid they'd make me eat hay in the winter, and I would not stand that ; so I wur off." HARD TIMES.-"I'll tell you what, sir," said a tenant to his landlord, "if you don't lower my rent I shall not bo able fri live at all.'' " I'll tell you what," retorted tho landlord, .' it can't bo tho rent that prevents your living, for you have not paid rae a fai thing these two years." Yov ARE A BRICK.-A certain College Pro- fessor in Amorica had assembled his class nt tho commencement of tho term, and was reading . over tho list of names to see that all wore present, lt chanced that one of the number was unknown td tho Professor, having just entered tho class. " What is your name, sir?" asked the Professor, .looking through his spectacles; "You aro a Brick," was tho startling reply. "Sir," said tho Professor, half startled out of his chair at tho supposed impertinence, but not quite sure thntho had understood him correctly, " Sir. I did not exactly understand your answer." "You aro a Brick," was again the composed reply. "This is intolerable 1" said the Professor, his faco red- dening. "Bowaro, young man, how you attempt to insult me." "Insultyou?" said tho strident, in turn astonished: "how have I dono it?" "Did you not say I was a brick?" returned tho Pro- fessor -with stifled indignation. "No, sir: you asked my name, and I answorcd your question. My name is U. R. A. Brick-Uriah Key n old s Anderson Brick." " Ah, indeed," murmured tho Professor, sinking back to his scat in con- fusion. "It was a misconception on my pnrt. Will you commonco the lesson. Mr.-ahem! .Mr. Brick?" Mr. U. R. A. Brick is surely bro- ther to tho celebrated I. M. A. Brick. PRIDE OP BIRTH.-Bonnister used to toll a story of his having beon introduced, with Mrs. Bannister, to an ' elderly lady of exceeding high notions. After the presentation had taken placo .tho lady asked a wit of the day, who was pre- sent, "Who aro the Bannisters? are thoy of good family?" "Yes," said tho wit, "very ' good indeed ; they aro closely allied with the ' Stairs." Oh," said Lady Lucretia, "a very .ancient family from Ayrshiro, dates back to 140O -I ara delighted to see your friends." GHOSTS.-" Ghosts 1" says Thomas Hood, " No such thing in nature; all laid long ago, bo fore tho wood pavement. What should they como for? Tho colliers may rise for higher wages,-and the chartists may rise for reform, and tho abstainers may riso for their health, and tho rising generation may. rise; but that the dead should rise only to makio one's hair riso, is moro than I can credit. Suppose yoursolf a ghost. Well, if you como out of your gravo to servo a friend, how aro you to help him? And if it'san enemy,, what's tho uso of appearing to him, if jyou can't pitch into bim. THE MEDICINE, XS BEFORE.-On Sunday afternoon (says the Olaigoui Daily Mail) tho ; police in Glasgow discovered an apothecary soll I ing whiskey slightly medicated, to customers ; shut out from tho public-houso by Forbos Mac '? kenzio's Act. Tho,liquid was poured out of a. I medicine glass, and tho phials and other vessels brought by tho purchasers woro carefully labelled " Cholera mixture;; dose -half a wino glass full three times a day." ? DIVERSE.-Strango is that dispensation hy which we often seo the son of tho honored siro belie the parent stockt John Howard, tho great philanthropist,iwho, copying tho divine example of Christ, " wont about doing good,"-his only son was a scapegrace The son of William Penn was a roysterer, and what is commonly called-a.scamp. Tho son of Charles Wesley, born and bred in Method ism, became a papist taking the course most opposite to that in which ho was.trained to go. Tho witty and . polite Lord Chesterfield was for years writing essays on good breeding to a son who grow up a boor! What can we say, but what Lord Chesterfield himself said, when contrasting.Lord Bolinbroko's talents and virtues ¡-"Alas 1 poor: human na- turel". SOMETHING STRANGE.-Half tho evil in .this world comes from people not knowing what they do-like,, not - deliberately setting .themselves to find out what »they really enjoy. All people enjoy giving away-money, for instance; they don't know ¿/mi-^-thoy rather think they liko keeping it; and they rio keep it under falso im- pressions, often to their great discomfort. Every- body likes to do good, but not ono in a hundred finds this out. Multitudes think they do liko to do evil; yet no man ever enjoyed doing ovil sinco God made tho world.-liuMkin, TUB SHAKER.-Lnst weolc, says a French papor, a perron named-Piorrard, called tho '* trerableur," upwards of 9a years of ago, died in the district of Snin Marccllln. , This man, a barber by trade, and formerly a drummer in tho service of thc first French republic, commanded, as drum mnjor, tho drummers who were ordered by'Santerro to beata roll when tho unfortunate Louis XIV. attempted to address tho people from-tho scaffold. Ho was called '' tho shaker," because ov.ery timo that mournful event was men- tioned befoi o him. ho .was seized with n violent trembling-.fit, which particularly affected his head. ' ? j END OP THE WOHLD m 1865.-Tho Ker. j Dr. Cumming has boen lecturing in Glasgow, and astonishing the thousands who flock to hear j him by tho statement that tho world is likely to ! end in ten years. Wo subjoin some notice of thc lectures from tho Glasgow Herald. Tho chair was occupied by James Campbell, of Strncnrtho. "The reverend doctor said tho topic to be discussed was culled in the bills * The end of tho World,' and it was his (Dr. Cumming's) intention, first to adduce physical evidences that tho shadows of evening, deep and broad and black, aro approaching, preparatory to tho time when the whole earth shall bo converted into a paradise. We have had several worlds in the past ages or dispensations, dating their existence from tho periods of the flood, the birth of Christ, ?tc., and God had given indications of the full of each. -Noah was told not only tho number of years that would transpire before the deluge, but tho nature, the reasons, and tho résultai that deluge The duration of tho captivity of Egypt was ulso foretold to Abraham, and on tho self samo day predicted began the exodus towards tho promised land. The close of tho Lovitieal and the beginning of tho Christian dispensation were also foretold. Ko instanced the rise of Martin Luther, and the spread of tho Gospel amidst prevailing apostacy. Ho referred to tho pouring of tho seventh vial into the air as symbolic of tho pestilences which had prevailed, and traced tho gradual decline of tho Mahometan power down to the present timo. He believed that tho great morul sign of tho end would bo tho per- sonal advent of Elijah. John thc Baptist could not be tho Elias spoken of by tho prophets, for ho himsolf told the Jews that ho was not, and tho little success he obtained was inconsistent with Elijah's character as fulfilling all things. Among tho effects of tho pouring out of the seventh vial into the air, ho instanced the potato blight, the failure of tho vine crops, and latterly tho epidemic. Ho then entered on the chronology of the great epochs mentioned in Scripture. Tho 1260 years which limit tho full force of Papal power began with tho edict of Justinian in 530, giving civil power to tho i ecclesiastical supremacy of Rome, and tormi \ Hated in tho year 1790, whon Homo began to suffer tho judgments of God. Tho second period spoken of by Daniel is thirty years added to 1790, which brings us to 1820. Wo~find thnt it was in 1820 that tho Mahometan power began to bo wasted. Thon, following tho direction of Daniel, and adding thirty-fivo years more, we come to 1835, at which period the great prophe- tical epochs should terminate. Clinton, in his Fasti fíelenici, dates the creation at .) 138 years before Christ. If this bo tho case, we shall find that 6000 years terminate about 1800. Now, every Jew looks forth to tho seventh millenary as tho great Sabbath of creation. . Remember,' God says, 'thcro remaincth for tho people of God a sitbbalimot.' Now, this does not warrant mo to assert that 1865 is thc close of tho presont aion, but I say the startling fact that all tho great prophetic epochs torminato there together ; that the seventh millenary of tho world begins thcro ; leads mo to believe that 1860 will be the beginning of scenes thnt to God's peoplo must bo I tho most pleasant. Ho then proceeded to notice I nt length the fulfilment of the prophecy oi tho sixth vial in the rapid decay of tho Mahometan empire, populations, institutions, and religion, He concluded with a warm appeal against deno- minational differences being fostered at so event- ful a crisis.' 