BOTANIC GARDENS. To the Editor of the Sydney Horning Herald. SIE,-In the shape of a Council;Paper, a report from the director of the BJ tani o Gardens, .??«', for the infor- mation of hi* Excellency the Governor- General, con- taining the principal subject* of interest affecting the management of the establishment during the past year,*' has lately been published;-Fromthe fact of the publication of this report, I presume the conclusions therein arrived are open to public discussion-that such, in fact, is invited. And from your readiness on all occasions to render service to*the public through the medium of your columns, I am ioduced to give the I document a little praotioal consideration and analysis, i convinced that should you consider: the, enquiry likely to benefit the country, and the following remarks wor- thy; you will afford space for their insertion;' ' 11 ', The report sets but by expressing the regret of the director at the loss pf several species of Oaks, Conifers, and Hollies; which were introduced from Europe about two years since, they having perished through thb almost unprieedenttd irynm" of the past sum- mer, : and - - the hungry . . -arid' nature1 of thc soil; " Now, supposing that last summer was " unpre- cedentedly dry," which was by no means th« case, 1 .ttbmit thu auch plant« a« thaw, whloh, from their recent intobducüon,^ been' of large »i«e-and l am «nw practical men will bear me out might have, with little tronbie, been preferred by judioious - watering,- and- alight-ahading, ocoupying the time of a man for a fear minute» only, once or twice a week. ; The ürwüubléneea of the »bil is not a bit more tenable a« a- reason for the death of these planta, for. a very email quantity, of thé proper soil oould haye been supplied without the least difficulty, and which would at once remore the. objection. These means;, if tried; could not /possibly - hare failed ; their loss, therefore, must . hare resulted . > from negleot, or from »onie cause br causes different to those named. . . ; . Such apparently random statements and conclusions as these should not be allowed to pass without com- ment, for they tend to'discourage and retard the taste and; desire. for' ' horticultural improvement, already, lamentably deficient in the oountry. Still, in regretful mood,' the report continués, lamenting the loss, by the same causes, ' of several species of West Australian and Cape Proteada. These losses I consider much more tenons than the former, for some of them were fine specimens, and . cannot be', replaced for many years ; : in their 'case" alto 'the conclusions jumped at must be erroneous. Is it at all - likely that these, which hare thrived in the same «pots, for probably more then a quarter of. a ? century, should suddenly take offence at the nature, of the evil, and die in the sulks ? or that after surviving, during their long resi- dence, numerous droughts, far more severe and con-, tinneus, they should give up the ghost' out of their ¡fright at the »hort' and inconsiderable drought of last summer? However, the plant» ere'' gone, arid as they were of interest, I- suppose it was thought neces- sary to account .for their departure; and.the first idea that came to hand was fixed upon'as the correct one, ' notwithstanding the extraordinary acute and scientific examination; to:, whioh, weare..told < the subsoil, &c;, had been , subjected; Might, not - some destructive worms have found their way to the vital parts bf these trees? br might not there have been some error in their culture ?' From personal observation; I am in- clined to think the latter was the true cause of decay ; and if I amright, p9rhapswhst I now write may be the moana of saving other valuable specim?n» in the .ame or ' other localitiet from a similar fate. Many tree» ' and- -planta' are: extremely impa- tient, and ill-natured, at ; having . their roots interfered with, particularly when, past the »tage of in-, fancy, and of allthe natural groups of vegetable» none are more tb thtn.'the particular group(Protèaeek) to whioh the Banksia* andDcyandras.so much bemoaned; - belong. Now it must 'have been observed by those who inquiringly, frequent the Botanic Garden», that of late years the plot of ground where these plants were Wont to flourish has beon disturbed by the spade more than formerly-no doubt with a laudable intention, arising from a desire tb ' preserver, and imprové'speci mens so much prised. .Is it not, then; probable that this digging or trenching, might be the true baute of bur bereavement, notwithstanding the care taken, as the report say», "not to ^approach too near?" For who can tell whether the'sustaining root« of trees, so long in undisturbed possession bf their adopted home, j may be within one foot of the trunk; or twenty yards dUtant'fromit., A» an instance strongly bearing iut thit ! idea, it may be mentioned, and probably has been ob- served by many, as well as myself, that a number of fine indigenous trees have lately perished, at the'south end of the Outer Domain, hear and i around the »pot: where, same, time «moe,'the »oil was .disturbed for the purpose ot procuring gravel; fori,the walks on Hyde Park, &6.", and alio'with a view' bf levelling' the »ur face of the ground. Thèse trees have been removed as they withered, no doubt; taken away with a view to get rid of the standing monuments .of reproach to the unintentional author» bf their destruction, whish they certainly would have been had they been allowed to remain. . I(" Fearing that I may be intruding 'too much upon',. your, valuable columns, I .will; not 'now dwell longer upon the losses alluded to in /the report, but should you encourage me by giving place to this communica- tion, I.will, on an early day, enter'noon the more pleating discussion; bf the acquisitions'" therein men- tioned, and will conclude'by expressing a hope that the remarks I have ventured ; to. make may not give offence to any one; , that the Banksia, from Western Australia, which still remains, aa well as à much more intereating plant. (ATuyrW 'Jí»ribundá).~l. believe the only Spécimen of the tpecies ic cultivation, and which grow» near the fatal -. »pot-may be more carefully ap Sroached while proceeding with the deep, and to them angerout, trenching, which I perceive ia being pro- ceeded with at no great diatànce from them ; and that in future reports «ueh incautious and discouraging sutemente m«y be avoided. - : ! -'-'; ''i!-; . ' " .' Yours, ' PHYSIC. 