ALTERED VIEWS 'F THE CHINESE' INSURGENTS. IN a letter to the Rev. Dr. Morison the Rev Dr. Legge says he is reluctantly obliged to modify his favourable views of the religious opinions of the Chinese insurgents ;-" Two points seem to be established first, that the religion of the in- surgents is running into a wild and blasphemous fanaticism, and second, that they have assumed an altitude of determined hostility to all foreigners Several new publications have been brought from Nankin by the most recent visitors, which contrast with those obtained by the Hermes in April lastyear,as darkness does with light. Not only does the Eastern King personate the Holy Ghost, bu I understand the Western King personates our Saviour, and the general contents of the book are, it is said, exceedingly mean and disgusting. Ob- jective truth from any other source, propounded as Divine revelations, are to be traced to madness, delusion, imposture, disease, or the devil We now see to what ungodliness they have grown in that vast assembly of men at Nankin. But now, while such blasphemous errors are published, the Bible the Word of God without note or com- ment, continues to be issued. This is strange. Plainly, it seems to me, there are two parties in the camp, not openly opposing each other, but pursuing different and conflicting courses. ' Perhaps Hung sculleries, a dreamer, but sincere, the originating spirit of the movement, but now a recluse, is still there, a puppet in the hands of his selfish and ambitious chiefs, but permitted so far to have his own woy publishing the Scriptures, while they are engrossing the management of affairs, and send out their own proclamations, and are intending by-and-bye to cast him altogether aside." " The hostility manifested by the chiefs to all' foreigners is very much to be deplored. They have a Divine commission, they say, first to destroy the Tartars, and then all other peoples, who will not submit to their leader, as the God appoin- ted Lord of all the world. The general welcome given to the visitors in the Hermes, as bretheren, seemed to indicate the subjection of Chinese prejudice and hostility to foreigners ; but I could bear being dissapointed in that hope, Those other considerations might have come in to check the out-flowing of the feelings prompted by their new principles ; but they are vain-glory and fanaticism, which seem to influence their conduct. To themselves the declaration of universal enmity can only be disastrous " On the third of August, Dr. Legge thus writes : " The state of this poor country becomes more and more distracted and miserable. Many families have come here to Hong Kong from Canton ;? and one advantage flows to them from their taking refuge here, they have an opportunity of hearing the Gospel. The Sabbath before last I had a large company of ladies and their attendants present at l my Bible class for women and girls. They behaved with much decorum and attention. Their leader, an elderly lady, was very intelligent, and could read well. She declared the ° doctrine was good.' Poor things I their feet were deplorably small, and some of them had to be carried home on the backs of their attendants, women of course. 