MR. DRUMMOND ON THE PRESS. In the debate' on the Stamp Act, in the House of Commons, Mr. Drummond delivered the following amusing speech : Mr. Drummond rose under the painful sensation of holding opinions very different to those he had heard expressed on both sides of the House. He was conscious of addressing a body of the most devout idolaters (a langby and he was conscious that they would not like to have their idol examined, or, to use the figure of the hon. baronet opposite (Sir E. B. Lytton), in the course of his eloquent speech, their idol was a ghost which they would not like to Uara looked at. It was his firm opinion that the Press, in its present state, instead of being the greatest glory and advantage to the country, was one of our greatest curses. (Hear, and a laugh.) These speeches, these panegyrics of a free press, would have been very valiant in the days of the Tudors, or even of the Stuarts, but everybody knows that the majority of them were base adulation of a power which the speakers dare not resist, and the nation in the press, who were the best Judges themselves, boasted and said plainly that they were the true directors of the policy of the country, and the gentlemen who condescended to sit on the ministerial bench and receive salaries had only been recorders of the decision of the press. (Hear, and a laugh.) Well, the press ought to know, their own business best, and for that reason he believed the TYmcs, and three or four other newspapers of that kind, when they said that this wasnrpewonal* attack on them, and that the standard of the press, such as it was, would be made early towewdr-h« confessed he was of that opinion I . as - ' \\. ,, ' fell -TUyh all It too. Peoplertalkcd'of this press as being the means by which the country was instructed. No wonder, then, the country WRONG ill-instructed. -(Laughter.) Then it. was said that it was from this presses should study history, and he had been told not long ago by honourable members sitting above him, that it was more worth while to read a page of the Times than to read the whole of Thucydides. The truth of the matter was, that this was all cant and nonsense (a laugh) ; the press was a mercantile speculation, and nothing else. (Hear, hear.) He wanted to know why it should not be He wanted to know why Messrs Walter and all their families should not set up a manufactory of gossip just as well as the hon. gentleman near him should set up a manufactory of calico? (Laughter.) Yow" injist suit your manufactures in different countries according to the tastes of the public. In Rome, for instance, people occupied themselves in manufacturing antiquities'. Well, nobody cared very much for antiquities in this country. In Munich, again, they used 'to carry on a great manufacture of old medals. That would not do here, either, though if somebody were to set up a manufactory of old china, that might turn out a good speculation just now. (" Hear," and laughter.) Upon the whole, however, the taste of the English people was for gossip poli- tical gossip, and political gossip of one sort or another they must have cost what it" might. The Times seemed to him to carry on their business in this way better than any other people; and that was the reason, perhaps, why they were now attacked. It was not a very long time ago since this newspaper was set up. The first person belonging to it whom he remembered was" a Mr. Tucker, and then, when that came a great number of very clever men, because of course the Walter family could . not carry on the whole thing themselves, and there was always a convenient man to he h idea seven years' barrister or some one of that stamp, who was ready to store up anything. (Laughter.) These people, these barristers, reminded him a good deal of what they called on board ship a " handy Hilly " (renewed laughter), a man who came in upon nH'occnsloiis whenever he was wanted. There was Barnes," Alsager. Stirling, Deane, Morris, Lowe, and' intent (Laughter.) Well, why should they not writers But why was it that when you heard these gentlemen speak (and There was one of them in that House whom he was always delighted to hear), they then never frightened or alarmed you, but, on the contrary, you were always excessively arrived and instructed, whereas, when they used That dreadful We," everybody was terrified and looked upon them as most awful men. (Laughter.) Observe the art of this. These gentlemen were all-of different opinions. Now, the foolish papers, who did not understand the matter like the Morning Chronicle, for instance, took up with some particular party. One was a Pcelite; another something else. When the Peelite party was leaving the paper throve too, but when the Peelites went down, down went the paper. (Laughter.) It was quite clear these were not men of business. The thing was to get a set of gentlemen of different opinions and to set them writing. Of course, you could accuse no man of inconsistency ; he might always have held the same opinions and so individually these writers were most consistent, while, collectively, nothing in the world could be more inconsistent. (Hear, hear.) It seemed to him that the very perfection of journalism was-individual honesty, and collective profligacy, political and literary. ("Hear," and a laugh.) There was, nevertheless, a great advantage in this, and the Times newspaper always put him very much in mind of a bit of bog he had near a farm of his. He once thought of draining it, and asked the opinion of the farmer, who replied, " No, no don't drain it In wet weather there's something for the cow, and if there's nothing for the cow there's something for the pig, and if there's nothing for the pig, there's something for the goose." (Great laughter.) So it-was with the Times, if there was nothing in it for one man, there was sure to be something for another There was, however, one very great evil, which he did think the House ought to have the manliness to contend with, and that was the present lawless system of libelling. (Hear, hear.) This was carried to a most outrageous extent, and, so far from thinking the press wetter than it was, he believed, as far as his experience went, it was much worse. He never had any acquaintance that he knew of with the editor of a newspaper, but be was once obliged to go to the late Mr. Perry, who had it in his power utterly to ruin a friend of his. Mr. Perry had a letter in his hand which he was to have published the next day, and the publication of which would have been most detrimental to his friend, but, upon requesting him not to make it known, Mr. Perry, in the most liberal and gentlemanly way, promised not to publish a single word of it. He (Mr. Diummoml)'therefore, noways had, to bear his, testimony to the kindness of Mr. Perry, and to his behaviour upon that occasion. But ' instances of the libelling to which he referred were without end ; they were of daily occurrence, although people did not get to know all the cases. For example, his hon. friend the member for Launceston (Mr. Percy) brought forward the other day a most gross and most circumstantial libel upon a Dr. Meyer, who was described as a worthless, ignorant German, who knew nothing at all, and was merely put into office because he pattered Prince Albert'. This of cried out robbers gross lie from beginning to end. Dr. Meyer was an English- man, had received a good English education, and had never seen Prince Alfred tin his life. (Hear.) A circumstance happened with regard to a relation of his own the other day. In the course of his evidence before the committee of the House of Commons, Lord Lucan said that the Commissariat sent out a parcel of ignorant boys, and be mentioned the name of Mr. Murphy, the son of the Bishop of Rochester. At the end of his evidence' he spoke of this same young man, and said how well she behaved, and how well he had fulfilled his duties. Well, the first part of this evidence was inserted next day, but the second never was, and when he, Mr. Drummond, sent by Mr. Macdonald a message to the newspaper, saying how unfair it was, 100 never made a single word of explanation, nor did they make any contradiction until hard Lucan himself w rate to the newspapers to do so. a letter in his possession spoke of the admirable manner in which which the young man had behaved, how in some cases he had personally distributed the provisions. in order that the men might not be kept waiting; and, when remonstrated with for undertaking BO degrading an office, he replied, that the only way to receive or impart insti- action in the duties of his office was first to perform them himself, and that he was not afraid of degrading himself by showing how the subordinate duties of the office ought to be discharged. The same thing happened with regard to Lord Rtjgotuu, against whom some aspersion was directed, and the remark washouse that our soldiers were fighting under the cold shade of the aristocracy, whereas his general said he was one of the best man were he ever had. Then there was the case of a friend of his whose trial die attend d last year. The Times . attacks 1 him most shamefully for along time, and upon the trial his justification came out, but while they published, the whole of the first day's proceedings, which aggravated his offence, they never published his justification' These cases were occurring every day. The newspapers were accused of being his bed, but that seemed to him one of the most absurd charges that ever was made. Why did they set up shops except to sell their goods ? Of course they took that which happened to be the popular side of larceny. ''He) will hold a nut to (the public opinion, they wanted to follow it; and whatever the cry' of the day win, they repealed it. They did prison The trial of Queen Caroline. The.. 'I have first manifested one side, and then finding; Hutt, the mob, who were not inclined to prune the merit of Hiecaje, look the woman's side round went the limit and sunk the woman's side loo. (LmiKhler ) Well, there was no harm instant The only listen in it as I am prop e were slit to fancy that the paper of? the collie and teacher of the puWHr. At the same time they had all it, must tlieyhmett it the more because li at, the very best of iii ft i in. At to the artillery of news papers there WHo positive proof respecting the names, of which Napoleon used, " You have sent me the Times, the infamous lined. the journal of the Bourbons' - paid it was stated in a work by Mr. O'Meara I hint tWOOf. had been paid for the supply of 100 copies a month, he had found the receipt for the money, claimed by the Editor. Mr. O'Meara who hated him several offers had been received from the editors of newspapers, and Hmoiin others from the Times, to write for Napoleon before he went to Elba. Napoleon declined to accept the offer made to him but afterwards regretted the course he look, observing that he would not have been so hated by the English people had he accepted the offer, made to Min, for in England the iieHspaT'cn'forced public opinion. The real evil of those newspapers was their insolence of Unguigf. They ?^^--*f**- 'I S"" J ' ' lined language which they would, riverbank offering of If li did not suit their purpose if they did not flint Mlnlittts tremble before them hear, hear- and if they will not And Ministers not ruling the country,and governing the country, but suffering-Htefnielvet to be' driven into war by the Language of the Times. (Hear, ( I hear.) The 7Tm«< till 01 her Day remarked, in reference v is a remark of the honourable member r for Manchester ( (MT. Itrlulit), <? li a meant to intimate that not with- < Handing injustice we areiucL'enfiil,he iscertnliily.tluht. We are so, and, as FOURS! we discharge the duties Milch j the empire and the world el peep at our hands, we trust to continue so," That was all very good ; but then came { another place in which the 7YmMiifteied.au opinion upon the present state of affairs in the Crimea. " 'That a petition of the allied army is precisely one of which a bold and original military genius might take advantage to retrieve the fortunes of It lie campaign" Such an opinion could scarcely be given by any number of lawyers in Lincoln as an ; but nevertheless, it was volunteered by the lawyers of Printing llouic-sqiiiire., ( A IHIIKII.) 'Ide whole I did not win absurd. Jn'ilibrt His Time, and, with the old sign of the public-house on the road to Acton- r Weare The old magpie on the right, "the other himself up despite." ' ( Laughter ) We may chatter black one day and white Knottier ; Measure His only right to differ, but we are the only team bers of the world and the empire. ( Luiigli'er ) 