? ? ? | ? EXTRACTS. : I Another Leviathan. — The Marlborough, a magnificent screw ship of 131 guns, was launched on the 31st of July, at Portsmouth. Her Ma jesty performed the ceremony of christening, and the leviathan began to glide easily and gracefully iuto the water ; but when about 50 feet of its bow-end remained on tbe slips, it became so firmly embedded that it resisted the efforts of four steamers to move it, and there it remained for manv hours. An Italian Legion. — Encouraged by the success which has attended the endeavors to forni'the German and Swiss Legion, the Govern- 1 ment have resolved on the formation of an Italian Legion; It is to be raised at Novara. Wear and Tear of the War. — Quite young men and officers, who have taken part in the nine months' defence of Sebastopol, have in that space of time become so old through continued exertion and care that the order of the Emperor of Russia to reckon every month so passed as a year of service is by no means anything more, than just. Engaged. — Daring a late concert in the City Hall, in Manchester, several of the seats having been spoken for were labelled ' en gaged.' Upon the audience leaving, it was ascertained that ono of the ladies walked home with the word ' engaged,' in ; large letters upon her backbone of the labels having been fastened to her dress. . How. to Quiet an Audience. — The autho rities of Havanna impose fifteen days' impri sonment upon any person who disturbs the peace of tho house by calling for an encore, or requiring before the curtain the presence of a performer who has just previously been kuled, and tw;enty days' imprisonment upon any one caught in the a?t of bouquetting an actress. — Ame rican Paper. Sydney .Smith's Fortune when Married. — After two years of residence in the north, Sydney Smith .returned to England for the purpose of .marrying a youthful Miss Pvbu?, to whom he had been long engaged. It was said that -Miss Pybus had some fortune, for my father's only contribution towards their future menage ? (save his own talents and cha racter) were six small silver teaspoons, which, from much use , had become the ghosts of their former selves. One day in the madness of his joy, he came running into the room and cast these into her lap saying, ' There, Kate, you lucky girl, I give you all my fortune.' A Whisper to Bores.— Bores should be lenient enough to bear in mind this truth that it is with the fire of conversation as with auy fire— little sticks kindle it, groat sticks put it out. — Punch. Russian . Estimate of Loud Raglan.— The following extract from a letter dated St. Peters burg, published in Le N~onl, shows how Lord Baglan was appreciated by the Russians: — ' Lord llaglan,' says the letter, lias died. Dining the. entire, period of the command of this noble general he succeeded in conciliating the esteem, and respect - not only of those with whom his nation was allied, but also of the enemy to whom he was opposed. He was one of the last of the heroes of that .glorious English army which, under the commaud of the Duke of Wellington, illustrated ;tlic English name on so many battle fields, and' of which the few remaining veterans bore on their breasts, ;till lately, the honor able tokens. Lord ;Raglan' was on several occasions distinguished by tho late Emperor Nicholas, as also by tho reigning Emperor. I He will lie personally regretted in Russia by all who had an opportunity of knowing and appre ciating tlie nobleness of his sentiments and the uprightness of-his character. As a subject; he performed his duty by obeying the .command of his sovereign, and as a soldier by valiantly defending the . honor of his flag ; but even in the execution of his duty he preserved unblem ished to. his death his own personal dignity and that of his country. He has fallen, like so many others, a victim to this disastrous wai. Honored be his memory, and respected be his grave, which will be as sacred on the soil of Russia as on that of England; and/while pointing to it, no Russian will refuse to say — ?Siste, viator, heroem calces. 