TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1865. MANY of our readers will go through the letter of Mr. MACARTHUR, one of the Commissioners of the Colonies to the Paris Exhibition, with great delight. It seems that considerable difficulties have been encountered, and if the gentlemen who have met them cannot claim our sympathy, they at least deserve our thanks. It was scarcely to be supposed that the productions of all nations, carried by a thousand channels to what Frenchmen deem " The centre of civili- sation," would reach their destination at a moment, or without much confusion, find their proper place. We smile to observe that many of the troubles of our Commissioners, have arisen from a geographical error. That it has required the utmost labour to convince the gentlemen of Paris, that South Australia is not the identical New South Wales. We have no right, however, to blame our allies. The Colonial Office has often made such blunders ; they regularly occur in the debates of the Parliament, and in the reports of the newspapers. The perseverance of our representatives at Paris will do something to smooth the geographical education of the Continent, and may react upon our blunderers at home. The Commissioners have been obliged to act as translators, and to give French names to the produce of our colonies. They have been troubled with the delays of workmen-the want of punctuality in-jurors, and we infer also that they have suffered from the apathy of our own countrymen. We shall look forward with pleasure to the photograph representation of the corner sacred to New South Wales. It is not we are told, so grand in its appearance as many others, but still excites considerable curiosity, But indeed the opening is too recent to enable us to apprehend its full impression on the con- course of scientific men, manufacturers, and statesmen. The enthusiasm of the French character, whenever it is roused, is warm and energetic. They will gaze with wonder on the first monu- ment raised in New South Wales or rather produced by nature-and inscribed to the memory of one of the companions of LA PEROUSE. It will strike them with astonishment to see a country just occupied at the moment when the inscription was cut, now capable of adding to the catalogue of their Exhibition its not least brilliant page. For the opinions of the critics we must refer to the letter of Mr. MACARTHUR. Summed up, it comes to this that our wine is equal to Madeira, and better than the ordinary wines of Europe, that our wool surpasses the produce of Germany, and has realised the old Merino type that our wheat, including Tasmanian in the description, if not the first is the second in quality. Of our gold nothing need be said, and cotton remains to be examined. There are other articles which will probably hereafter, excite . some attention. It is agreeable to find the Australian marble is considered the most beautiful ; we have thus material for palaces when we are rich enough to build them. It is gratifying to those who have taken an active part in improving the produce of the country to find that they can compete with the nations upon whose mines, pastures, and vinyards to use an expression of NAPOLEON-" twenty centuries looked down." Nature seems to have reserved for the final occupation of the human race a country whose natural capabilities are superior to all. Everything indeed must be introduced. The land itself is vacant- without animals of value - without cereals - without fruits having nothing but the capacity to receive and multiply, Australia can become rich only by the skill and industry of its people. This supplied, how liberal the return ! The encouraging report from Paris will stimulate the natives of this colony to improve the country which Providence has given them, and to expect from its future development all that the bounty of Heaven can bestow upon the most favoured land. The commission is very properly committed to Mr. MACARTHUR-a task in which he must feel an hereditary interest. It is fifty years ago since his father called the attention of the ministers of that day to the capability of New South Wales, as a pastoral country. He had already tested the facts upon which he relied. Three rams and five ewes were procured by him, and from their rapid increase, and the quality of their wool, he inferred that they would soon relieve England of her dependence on the flocks of Spain. A question had arisen, at home, whether the natural grass of the country would sustain the sheep, and this doubt Mr. MACARTHUR, Senr., was required to combat. The annual cost of wool, at that date, to England imported from Spain, was £1,800,000 sterling. Mr. MACARTHUR pledged himself that, in a few years these colonies would produce as much. How nobly has this pledge been redeemed ! The calculation of the annual value of our wool is now reckoned at more than £4,000,000. The valuation of our wools seems to have kindled the enthusiasm of our Commissioner. Notwithstanding the wools of Germany were better got up he observes "that the French manufacturers were not to be deceived by outside show !" The colony has a great reason to rejoice that the value of this portion of the British dominions is uni V prsally admitted, and that so long as a ship shall run between the British Channel and Australia, the effect of this Exhibition will never totally cease. On the whole, the letter of Mr. MACARTHER is calculated to confirm that confidence in the future fortunes of the country, which is not to be shaken by a few dishonoured bills. WE have received from a friend of the author a copy of the Lettsomian Lectures on Insanity, recently published, delivered by Dr. WINSLOW, late President of the Medical Society of London. These lectures treat of insanity in a popular style, and bring before the reader those numerous facts which tend to interest in one of the most distressing topics that can engage the attention of the physician, the jurist and the. Christian. We shall devote two or three articles to a brief statement of the views of the author, accompanied by some of those anecdotes which render his mode of treating the subject so fascinat- ing. He has carefully collected facts illustrative of the question, and if all his conclusions will not be adopted, it is likely that they will tend to induce more caution when people inquire into the causes of insanity, and weigh the medico-legal evidence which is sometimes presented to the courts of justice, and has so important a bearing upon verdicts in cases of crime as well as of the inheritance of property. I The first lecture is devoted to the examination of the vocation of a physician. The author asserts that it is far below the dignity of the profession to consider it as merely dealing with matter and operating on the organic manifestations of disease. He would look upon the physician as a spiritual adviser, not in a theological sense. It is his duty to show in what way the opera I trams of the mind act upon matter, and how ' again peculiar tendencies of the mind are developed in consequence of the condition of the frame. The author considers that the exercise of the imagination has a most powerful influence over the happiness of mankind. The ear bone in estimating the value of mental employments he considers a question of folly. Thus, when a person was recommended to read MILTONS Paradise Lost" his enquiry was, " what does it prove?" a Thus all the lofty emotions, the glorious imagery, the melodies that charm the ear-the sunshine over the dreary and thorny path of life, are despised because they have no obvious and direct relationship to the practical business of life. GOETHE, says our author, eloquently observes : " When the man of the world is devoting his days to wasting melancholy for some deep disappointment, or in the ebullience of joy is going out to meet his happy destiny, the lightly moved, and all-conceiving spirit of the poet steps forth to be the sun from night to day, and with soft transitions tunes his harp to joy or woe. From his heart its native soil springs up the lovely flower of wisdom and of others, while waking, dream and are pained with fantastic delusions from their every sense, he passes the dream of life like one awake, and the strangest incidents are to him a part both of the past and of the future and thus the poet is at once a teacher, a prophet, and a friend of gods and men. At the courts of kings at the tables of the great beneath the windows of the fair-the sound of the poet was heard when the car and soul were shut to all beside; and men felt as we do when delight comes over us, and we pause with rapture, if, among dingies we are crossing, the voice of the nightingale starts out touching and strong. The poets found a habitation in every habitation of the world, and the lowliness of their position exalted them the more. The hero listened to their songs, and the conqueror of the earth did reverence to the poet, for he felt that without poets his own wild and vast existence would pass away and be forgotten for ever." Besides during the mind from distressing objects by presenting the cheerful and pleasing scenes of creation, our author declares that it is in the power of the physician to administer consolation to the heart. But in order that he may be effective as a teacher, it is requisite that he should be able to understand the passions, and if possible to ascertain the mysterious union existing between particular organic tissues and certain emotions of the mind. " Why," asks the author, " should the passion of fear affect the heart, and if of long continuance induce actual physical changes in the centre of the circulation ?" " " How can it be explained that in certain diseases of the heart the ' patient " often manifests a morbid apprehension of some (approaching calamity ?" Again, if is for the medical psychologist to ascertain the modus operandi of the passion of anger upon the hepatic secretion, and the reaction of disease of the liver upon the irascible temperament. How does fear cause diarrhoea, and predispose the system to the action of con- tagion ? Again, may it not be possible to eluci- date the action of terror in suddenly arresting hemorrhage, and explain why the apprehension of threatened disgrace checks attacks of convulsive disease arising from a morbid principle of irritation, and arrests the progress of epidemic suicide. The emotion of hope is known specifically to influence the respiratory functions, and in the last stages of pulmonary disease, the patient is often buoyed up with the certain expectation of recovery, whilst the angel of death is hovering about him. " How frequently have I seen the delicate female in the last stage of pulmonary consumption lighted up, and everything assume a bright and cheerful aspect about her New themes of happiness have been contemplated, new dresses prepared, and everything was brilliant in her prospects, whilst her parents lived under the greatest apprehension and solicitude, the physician seeing nothing but inevitable fate for the poor victim whose distemper deluded her." The author remarks upon the power which empires often exercise over the sick by creating in them a moral confidence that the medicine which they take will effect a cure. Let us learn to adduce a lesson from this fact, and remember the observation of COLERIDGE, that "he is the best physician who is the most ingenious inspirer of hope." A patient afflicted with a malady which refused to yield to the demands of legitimate medicine, surrendered himself into the hands of a notorious quack. A friend endeavoured to rescue him from the grasp of the charlatan. He saw the daily fee accompanying the daily deceit, and expostulated ; when the patient exclaimed, " For GOD'S sake, destroy not the hopes that man holds out to me ; upon them I live without them I die ! " In this department of the inquiry the author dwells upon the great importance of the state of mind whenever epidemic maladies are prevalent ; when a humble reliance upon Divine Providence, and a well-sustained piety and cheerfulness, are often the most effective means of preventing the spread of epidemic maladies. The power of the will in developing or combating disease is illustrated by some striking anecdotes. One of Colonel TOWNSEND, who sent for three physicians (one, Dr. CHEYNE), to give them an account of an odd sensation he had for some time felt, is peculiarly interesting. He said that he could expire when he pleased, and, by an effort, come to life again. He insisted so much on their seeing the trial made, that they were at last forced to comply. They all three felt his pulse, which was distinct, and. had the usual beat. He then composed himself on his back for some time. By the nicest scrutiny the physicians were unable to discover the least signs of life, and at last were satisfied that he was actually dead and were just about to leave him, with the idea that he had carried the experiment too far, when they observed a slight motion in the body ; the pulsation of the heart returned, and he quite recovered. In the evening of the same day, however, he composed himself in the same, manner, and really died. I Ml 1; " This is not a singular instance. CELSUS referred to a priest who exercised the same power over the vital functions. In the language of BURTON-" he could separate himself from his senses, when he list, and lie down like a dead man, void of life and scenes." The importance of the influence of the physician over the mind of the patient is illustrated by an instructive anecdote, which has been recorded of the late Dr. ABERNETHY. A patient was brought to Saint Bartholomew's Hospital with strangulated hernia. As the symptoms became alarming, the propriety of an operation was suggested to him, but he resolutely refused compliance, and although his alarming situation was fully pointed out, he persisted in his determination. On the following day a consultation was held, and it was agreed that no alternative remained but a speedy death, unless the operation was performed. When this was announced to the sufferer, he exclaimed " I will rather die than submit!" As the surgeon and pupils were leaving the hospital Mr. ABERNETHY entered. The position of the patient was at once explained to him. He immediately went beside the bedside of the man, when the following conversation ensued : " Well, well, my good fellow ! " said ABERNETHY. " They want," replied the patient, to persuade me to be operated upon; but I would rather die " " Well," rejoined Mr. ABERNETHY .' I am sorry the operation is necessary ; but have you thought of what there after death ? There is a day of judgment and you will, and must give an account of yourself to GOD. GOD has placed within our hands the means to use, and we must use them. If you refuse to use the means GOD has thus given, and which we think may save your life, you are in a measure answerable for your own death, and must account to GOD for this with your other sins." The man appeared much impressed with Mr. ABERNETHY'S appeal, and for a period continued silent and in deep thought. Mr. ABERNETHY said " I will leave you for a few minutes to consider the subject." On returning, the man exclaimed with great earnestness and decision-" I will submit to any operation that is necessary." The operation was immediately performed, and his life was preserved. The author points out the influence which the physician may exercise in preparing the patient for inevitable death by removing from his mind the apprehension of severe pain in the parting hour, and also the consolation which he may be able to afford to the suffering friends by assuring them that the external supposed signs of agony are often not actual pain, but mere muscular convulsions. Sir HENRY HALFORD when referring to the calm- ness and serenity exhibited by many in the awful moment of death says: " of the greater number to whom it has been my painful professional duty to have administered in the last hours of their lives, I have sometimes felt surprised that so few have felt reluctant to go to the " ' undiscovered country From whose bourne no traveller returns." Many, we may easily imagine, have manifested their willingness to go from an impatience of suffering, or from the passive indifference which is sometimes the result of debility and extreme bodily exhaustion. But I have seen those who have arrived at a fearless contemplation of the future from faith in the doctrines our holy religion teaches; such men were not only calm and collected, but even cheerful at the hour of death and I never quitted such a sick chamber without a wish that my last end might be like theirs. The author makes some touching remarks in reference to the dark clouds that overshadow some such scenes where parents are torn away from their helpless families which are deprived of their natural protector by the relent- less hand of death. The physician frequently discovers the disease of the body by an examination into the condition of the mind. Dr. NICHOLS once attended a man in trade, upon whom he found none of the medicines he prescribed had any effect. He asked the wife whether her husband had not been exposed to losses in trade. She said " no." He continued to attend him, but no impression could be made upon his malady. At length the man's wife told the physician that she had discovered accidentally that her husband's mind was much troubled by his pecuniary difficulties. In the opinion of our author many of those illusions which have been supposed by the patient to have been a real conflict with super- natural beings, have resulted from some disturbance of the health. LUTHER, for instance, whilst in confinement, is supposed to be under the influence of temporary insanity and that those personal contests which he had with the Devil depended upon cerebral congestion, or a morbid state of the remains, in the Crusaders and others, during prevalence of religious and political agitation, have been well marked and unequivocal cases of insanity, which were considered as heroic enthusiasm, patriotism, and religious devotion. Dr. FEBIER observes : " Instead of regarding ghost stories with the horror of the vulgar, or the disdain of the sceptic, we should examine them accurately, and should ascertain their exact relation to the state of the brain and the external senses. Thus the terrors of nocturnal illusions would be dissipated, to the infinite relief of many wretched creatures." In the opinion of the author, those enormous criminals whose conduct is recorded in history were probably under the influence of some morbid affection. To this he would ascribe the crimes of CALIGULA, of CATHERINE DE MEDICI ; the brutal conduct of WILLIAM, father of FREDERICK THE GREAT and even Judge JEFFREYS will find some shelter under this excuse. JEFFREYS is said to have hanged 320 and to have transported 850 persons at one session, for the most part of blameless life and high religious profession. " As he proceeded in his business, his spirit rose higher and higher; as the work went on, he laughed and shouted, joked and swore in such a way, that many thought him drunk from morning till night." There are many principles connected with this enquiry from which men naturally shrink, and which are also open to dangerous abuses. It is extremely difficult to detect the exact state of disease at which the moral perceptions are so far obscure as to render a man unaccountable, or to offer an apology for his excesses and crimes. It is, however, clear that before society can exercise such restraints as may be necessary to justify a relaxation of the laws it must become better acquainted with the developments of the human mind must take a larger yet rational view of human in- firmity, and those dread accidents to which the human family is exposed. The office of physician, however, is one of the highest moment, And requires qualities both inîtellectual and moral of a superior order.. Our profession," adds the author, " is a noble one-a most dignified, exalted, and honourable calling;" and quoting from the vocal tion of the physician, he says, "The skill of the physician puts in requisition the highest faculties of the human intellect, as its administration calls forth the tenderest sympathies of the human heart. The able and kind physician is a human benefactor. He garners up the treasures of learning and experience, that he may dispense them again to his suffering brethren. He comes with his timely succour, cheering both body and spirit with the single boon of health. He raises the sick man from his couch, and sends him forth innate and vigorous for fresh enjoyment. He restores the ailing, and rejoices their despondent friends. He gives new life to the sick and revives the hopes of those who are dependent upon the sick man's recovery for subsistence." ^ Assuming for the nonce the office of a religious teacher to his medical brethren, Dr. WiN-sr SLOW closes his first lecture in the language of admonition, borrowed from one of America's most gifted poets ; 80 live, that when thy summons comes to join The innumerable caravan that moves, To that mysterious realm where each shall take His chamber in the silent halls of death. Thou go not like a quarry-slave at night, Scourged to his dungeon but sustained and soothed By an unfaltering trust, approach thy grave LIKE ONE WHO WHATS THE DRAPERY OF HIS COW OR ABOUT HIM AND LIES DOWN TO PLEASANT DREAMS. A BORE in private life is a private nuisance. A public bore is a public nuisance. Like all other such nuisances, therefore, he is open to attack. Of all public bores there are none worse than men who ate perseveringly litigious-who dispute with their neighbours, and fight out their disputes with true pig-headed obstinacy : keeping Judges and Juries constantly at work in the settlement of their petty squabbles. The Supreme Court, as everybody knows, has just now more business than it can very well get through ; yet for four days last week the time of one Judge and jury was wholly taken up in dealing with what may be termed one dispute. Three actions for false imprisonment and one of trover-all against the same defendant, and all arising out of the same transaction. Here is an outline of the facts. The plaintiffs in these actions, with a number of other immigrants, came by the Georges, having at New York entered into an agreement, as provided for by the Assisted Immigrants' Act (16 Victoria, No. 42) that in the event of not being able to pay the balance of their passage money (£10 in Sydney, within six days after their arrival, they would take service under the direction of the Colonial Immigration Agent with any employers willing to advance that balance, and repay himself by instalments from their wages. Each agreement also gave the ship owner or master a lien upon the Immigrant's luggage until the balance was paid. There was a complaint by these passengers of having had insufficient provisions and bad accommodation on board the Georges. This complaint was admitted to be well founded, and it was agreed to refer the matter to the arbitration of Captain BROWNE. Mr. BEIT (the defendant), as agent of the charterer, was willing to submit wholly to this arbitration without interfering himself, and to make whatever reduction from the passage money Captain BROWNE might award, even to the extent of the whole unpaid balance, but the reference went off because Mr. BEIT, not interfering himself, would not consent to the interference of the attorney employed by the emigrants, Mr. J. R. BRENAN and even Captain BROWNE declined to arbitrate unless Mr BRENAC was permitted to conduct the case for the men In the interim Mr. BEIT had procured for one of the men, who was a carpenter, an engagement for 10s. a day at Parramatta ; but he refused to go there, because if he had his tools, which were detained as security for the balance of passage money, he could earn in Sydney 16s. or 17s a day. Mr. BEIT thereupon told the men that they would be, or might be, assigned to Moreton Bay as shepherds. A great many of the assisted immigrants per Georges having quitted the vessel without paying the balance of their passage money or making any arrangement for its payment, Mr. BEIT caused the four men who brought these actions to be arrested, believing, as he swore, that they intended to do the same. But the prosecution failed, because there had been no attempt to procure for any of the men engagements, within the meaning of their agree- ments, under the superintendence of Captain BROWNE. That officer had insisted in the cases of these men, as in all other cases, that before he would compel them to take service, the employers and employed should be brought together in his presence, so that he might judge of the employment itself, and of the wages. Well, this was a dispute which, if it could not be settled by arbitration, was undoubtedly a proper one to be decided upon by the Supreme Court. But the trial of one cause ought, then, to have determined the whole. For three days Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday- there was, each day, a contest upon the same issue a repetition of the same evidence. Each Judge had a dose of it so that, if there should be any after proceedings before the full Court, their HONORS will all have the facts by heart, and there will be no occasion to read " notes." A fourth action for malicious prosecution went 06? on Friday for want of jurors. Thus one Judge escaped a second dose, and tried the action of trover instead. There was some relief in this for although there was little variation in the evidence, there was some variation in issue. But the dispute ought to have been settled by " arbitration. The offer of reference made by the agent of the charterer was a very fair one, and should have been accepted. The men were blind to their own interests in not accepting it. The evidence would have been all on their side, and what more could they desires Captain BROWNE, too, was wrong in making a stand for professional intervention. The first act of these men, on their arrival, had been to rush to an attorney. But was this any reason why the attorney should be retained when it was obvious that justice could be better done without him No doubt the men would prefer to have the assistance of an advocate, as well as their own uncontested evidence. The question was not, however, what they wanted, but what was fair. All things considered, nevertheless the agent for the charterer had far better have sent his lawyer to fight it out with the legal representative of the immigrants. He, also then, has been a little too obstinate. But as this mass of complicated litigation must be tolerably expensive, each disputant will pay pretty dearly for his whistle. As to the merits of this dispute we shall not, at all events on the present occasion, offer any opinion. As one case went over for want of jurors, and as there was a conflict of verdicts in the others, these " merits" are still, to a certain extent, sub-judice. They will doubtless come before the Court again and again in different shapes. As to anything like a compromise to ^__«_-_-*-» Weensuch determined litigants, that, of course, isolates the question. ^ i But besides this display of ultra-litigious merit on which we have already commented, i ferB'were one or two little collateral facts connected with these cases, which are worthy of a somewhat more prominent notice than their bare "entionmalawreport. It was proved among other things, that although American passenger vessels are usually better provisioned and possess better accommodation than British, the craft from New York by which this particular charterer-Mr. CAMERON sent out his lots of assisted emigrants, were very deficient in both respects. There were short commons and short accommodation. Each Meager had one-third less space than he was entitled to the small stores ran out long before their time, and the meat and bread, although warm and not deficient in quantity, were of inferior quality. The evidence in these cases had eiclu8ir^Treference to the Georges, but we fear maimed and believe that complaints of a somewhat similar character were made against the Tropic As to the former, it was stated that if she had put into an American port, and the complaints urged against her there which were urged here, she would probably, for the deficiency of accommodation, have been confiscated. Tolerably stringent this, but not too stringent. As each steerage passenger was to pay £24 they ought to have been lodged and fed with something like comfort. But after all the charterer will not gain much for of the £24 passage money £10 was to be paid in Sydney, and there are very few indeed who have not managed to evade the pay rent of this £10. Of the immigrants by the " Georges," it was proved that only eleven out of sixty-eight paid the balance of their passage money, while the mass of those by the Tropic were equally successful in avoiding payment. These people had a good claim for some compensation which might have been settled by arbitration. But all who could do so preferred making a clean bolt of it. Each party, therefore, cheated the other. Which had the best of it we cannot say. But certainly the conduct of such of these emigrants from New York, who have thus evaded all payment beyond the £14 paid before starting, was anything but honest. For the credit of the genuine Americans it is right to add, that these people were for the most part British born-men who having first emigrated to the States had determined upon try leg - a, season- "remove to Australia. By the local statutes under which these assisted immigrants are introduced the Immigration Agent can compel them to take service with any employer who will pay the balance of their passage money, and deduct it from their wages. But this provision is practically a dead letter for the Immigration Agent stated in the witness box that he had only been called upon to exercise this power once since the system came into operation. No master would care to take an unwilling servant, and pay him just the same wages as a willing one. And the practice of the Immigration Agent is, as we perceive, to satisfy himself that the employment is fitting and the wages fair in every engagement which he sanctions. Hence, therefore, it is only through the means of voluntary engagements that a shipowner or charterer can look to be paid the balance of his passage money when the immigrants themselves cannot or will not pay it. The immigrants, then, must be fairly dealt with, or fair dealing in return is hardly to be calculated upon. It is scarcely likely that we shall have much more assisted immigration from New York, after such a reIt an these two shipments have produced; but if we should, the shippers as well as the immigrants will do well to remember that honesty is the best policy. 