CHINA. By the Malani, from Shanghai, we have papers to the 16th of June. The North China Herald of 26th May intimates that Woo-chang and Han k'how has again fallen into the hands of the rebels. The Peking Gazette of the 20th of April, in noticing the same event, states that Woo chang, the capital of Hoo-pih, has been taken by the rebels, and Han-k'how has again fallen into the hands of the enemy. The Lieutenant- Governor of Hoo-kwang and the prefect of the provincial city both died in the struggle. Commenting on this catastrophe, the Gazette says : «The report of the loss of Woo-ch'ang the provincial capital (now captured for the third time), and the death of the Lieutenant-Governor of Hoo-pih on the occasion, excite the Emperor's indignation and grief. When the rebels arrived at that city, the garrison proved insufficient to protect it.., Hoo-lin-yih and Le meng-k'euu, conducting their troops by land and Water, gained various successes, and had in view to save the city from the danger that impended ovar it. I They met rebels coming from alt aides byway of Hing "kweh (a distriot city to the eastward of Woo-ch'ang in the next prefecture), Tung-shaw (a city a few miles ¡south of Woo-ch'ang), and some places of less note. The troops, after fighting all day, were overwhelmed by superior numbers. The city waa then lost, and the Foo-Va« fell a sacrifice for his country, Yang-p'ei, the viceroy, led on his troops and attacked the rebel force several times, but without devising any success- ful plan. Having lost the city, and when lost not st once retaking it, he ought, accoiding to law, to be Severely punished. But protectors being now needed for the country north of the Koang, he is continued in his command, while deprived of his titles, that he may have an opportunity of recovering his former status. " If he does not quickly sweep elesn of rebels the region under his command, recover his capital, and prevent their farther advance, he will be visited with condign punishment. " T'aou-ngan-p'ei, the Foo-t'ae, having fallen at his post, is much regretted by the Emperor, who will arrange for the comfort of the ghost ef his faithful ser vant. The cases of the magistrate pro tempore of the prefectural cities Woo-ch'ang and Seang-yang, and others who died with him, will also be suitably con sidered. "On 27th April, Hots'ing-kwei, the Lieutenant Governor of. Ngan-hwei, inform* the Emperor that Hwçi-chow and Seih-heen have been recovered from the rebels,'into whose hands they had fallen. That officer had commissioned Bhih- king-fen, the Prefect of Kin-hwa, with other officers, to advance' with troops to recapture those/placet. They attacked the city by three gates with musketry. The rebels, hearing the sound, lost their courage, and fled by the remaining gate. They were pursued for three or four miles, and several prisoners taken, who were at once put to death. Two smaller cities, Hew-ning and Ho-hesn, were also taken. The Kin-hwa Prefect, for his prudence and celerity in these operations, is to receive the office of Taou-t'ae. " The Qautte of May 6th refers to the report of T'oh-mlotf-ah on the capture of Tseaou-shan, an island near Chin-keang, and of certain rafts on which rebel forces had been posted in the river. Heang-yung joins him in making this report. The naval forces descend- ing the river on April 22nd esme to the attack, intend- ing to break the chain which had been drawn across the stream. Proceeding by the north and south banks, they advanced to Sevenle Island, and assaulted breast- works planted with cannon. Favoured by the wind, they attacked and destroyed several two-storied build- ings, where yellow flags were hoisted. Fifty to sixty boats with guns came to meet them. More than twenty of them were fired into and sunk on the south bank. On the north bank, 70 or 80 boate manned with rebels carne out. Large numbers of them were killed. Many of their boata got aground, and were attacked with fire-arrows. After severe losses had been endured by them ia ¡the river, they trill held to their land fortifi- cations. While Woo-tseuen-mei and his foice mounted the earthen wall, Wang-p'eng-nien leading on his vessels attacked the chain that obstructed the passage and broke it into several pieces. The rebel boats then took to flight. Our vessels advancing were met by a new fleet of hostite boats, below where the chain had bssn placid. Woo-tseuen-mei leading the attack against them, was assisted by war-junks from P'oo k'ow, which came by the north and south banks with fresh fâtees. More than thirty rebel boats were sunk, on which the rest retreated. One with a chief en board was taken. The rebels then deserted the chain altogether, and it was cut through by the imperial force, in two branches'of the river. The rebel force that was further up the stream, then came to carry on the engagement, when more,than 80 of their boats were destroyed. The affiur lasted from seven o'clock till five o'clock in the evening. The chain was com- pletely broken away, and more than 300 boats in all destroyed. On the same day Chow-sze-fa, the officer in command at Tseaou-sha-^, led his vessels against the rebels at Kin-Shan. At once the rebel force on rafts iu the river was in motion, end their cannon opened .fire from the south.- The imperial troops attacking the earthworks, and the rafts simultaneously, 'succeeded to drowning many of their foes, and cap j turing four rafts." In noticing the movements of the rebels during the I month, the Herald of 2nd June observes that iatelli genoe has been received of more activity on their part (han hu been exhibited for a long time. Whilst the country around 8hanghae, appears to have become quite cleared of any operations of the Insurgents-the tlittricia around Woo- ch'ang andHan-k'ho w, nave been the aeatot many sanguinary battles between the Rebels and the Imperialists. From Kwei-chew and K'een see-chow, the former are »«ported to have been re- pulsed. The city of Hing-e in the prefecture of Kwei chow had also been freed trom tile rebels. Keang-tau ting ia Hoo-kwang has been re-captured by tua Im- perialists. Other bodies of rebels have been, driven out of Hoo-nan, as likewise'from Hwang-keaog and B-U'un. Kaou-tang-chow ia Shu-tang na* been re- captured by the Imperialists. Meantime, disturbances have broken out at Lin-shwny in Shan-se, and at Ngan-shun, a prefecture of Kwei-chow. On the Yang-tsze-keang, General Heang-yung re- ports victories over the rebels at Kaou-tize and Kow yung. Whilst these succestea have taken place on the part of the Imperialists and others, detailed in our Peking Gazettes of this day's issue, at the island of the Tseaou-shan near Cbin-keang and Kin-»han (or Golden Island), the Insurgents have made good their, ground at the provincial city of Hoo-pih,-Woo oh'ang, and the great internal mart of Han-k'how, and at some other towna in these important districts, l'hua, whilst the struggle appears to rage with renewed vigour in the vicinity of the great cities, on and near to the Yang tsza river-we have testimony from' wit- nesses of the most reliable accuracy, iu the persons of European travellers recently returned from the »ilk district», that they are perfectly peaceable ; and that travelling in that part of the country it effected with the greatest ease. However then, the civil war m. j fluctuate between the hostile parties in the interior, we haye little apprehension that it will much affect the prospects of foreign trade, at the present juncture, unless they resume hostile demonstrations in the tea districts, which at present axe said tobe tolerably clear of the rebels. " A report has been received from Ningpo that a square-rigged vessel, name unknown, had been taken by pirate» on the East Coast, said to be from Foochow, convoying some Chinese junk». The rumour is so vague that nothing can be 'made of it, and as vessels coming from Foochow at this time are probably timber laden, we do not apprehend much danger to the vessel» in question, if, indeed captured. We think; however, that it is high time when pirates are infesting the 1 ijh way of commerce so continually between the Five Ports, that the naval authorities on the China stations should keep some war-steamer continually on the alert along the coast, and nofallow them to remain idle in harbour, when they might be much more bene- ficially employed outside. " The many rumours current about disturbances in the interior, during the month, have necessarily had a depressing effect upon trade. It is always difficult to ' ascertain how much credence should be placed in such reports, but it not unfrequently happens that new» of important.' reaches here by common rumour, very much »oouer than by the Peking Gazettes, as wa» the ease of the re-capture of Han-k'how by the insurgents lastmontb, and now verified by the Government organ." From the Singapore Free Press of 3rd May, we copy the following interesting account of the successful né- gociation of a treaty between Great Britain and Siam, by His Excellency Sir John Bowring : " On th« 18th of April a Treaty of Commerce was signed at Bangkok between H. E. Sir John Bowring, H. B. M.'s Plenipotentiary, and five Commissioners aopointed by the two Kings of Siam. Thev were H. B. H. the Prince KromHluang Wonspa (the King's brother), the two Somdetche» (Regents of the king- dom), the Pra Kalahom (Prime Minister), and the Praklang (the Minister for Foreign Affairs.) The arrangements are of the most satisfactory character. The old system of monopoly has been entirely de- stroyed as regards all articles of foreign trade, and one duty is to be collected either on imports or exports. The import duty is to be 3 per cent. The heavy ton- nage duty is wholly abolished, and English ships are to enjoy all the privileges hitherto monopolised b*y the Chinese and the Siamese. H. B. Majesty's subjects are to be allowed to settle, to cultivate landa, to erect houses, to buy and sell, without any restriction or molestation,-and a British Consul is to be appointed with »ole jurisdiction over our countrymen. The reli- gious rites of the British are to be respected, and a provision is made for a revision of the treaty after ten years, on the requirement of either of the contracting S artie». 8ir John BoWringwas received with most istinguished honors. He was met by the Prime Minister at Paknam and conveyed in sute barges to Bangkok, whither H.M. steamer Rattler followed him ¡ and anchored off the British Factory, where she fired a salute of 21 guns on the signing of the treaty, which | was answered by a similar number from the Siamese ! fortifications. No sort of humiliation waa imposed on Sir John Bo wring or his suite, who were admitted (in- dependently of many private interviews) in full costume, and wearing their swords to the gi and recep- tion hall of the two Kings-and were received as no European Minister has ever been since M Chaumond'a mission in the time of Louis the Fourteenth. What adda to the interest of the whole, is the promptitude with which every thing waa accomplished, Sir John Bowling reached Bangkok on the 3rd of April, and in less than a fortnight all the arrangements were finally made. We understand Sir John speaks in high terms of the efficient assistance he received from Mr. Harry J Parkes, H. B. M.'s consul at Amoy, and his son Mr. JohnC. Bowring, who accompanied his Excellency aa his Private Secretary. Nor has the valuable co- operation of the Honorable Captain Keane, of H. M 's brig Grecian (which arrived during the négociations off Packnam), and of Captain Mellersh, of H. M. steamer Rattler, been less useful We believe every functionary, both in the diplomatic and naval services, has left Siam under the most favourable impressions, and with the confident hope that a magnificent country is now about to be opened to all the genial influences of unrestricted commerce. Whatever controversies have hitherto been elioited as to the conduot of the King, he has behaved on this occasion in a spirit worthy of the most enlightened monarch. No doubt circumstances have greatly fa- voured the mission of Sir John Bowring. It was most opportune. Sir John had the advantage of the King's personal friendship and of having well studied the rocks upon which his predecessors were wrecked. Whatever may have bten said of a re-action in the character of the present king, and of his falling into the obstinate and bigoted views of his defunct brother -is best answered by Sir John Bowring's Treaty which most assuredly never'would have been obtained were not the Sovereign of Siam a man of great saga- city, who understands the position and the piospeet of his country, and who is disposed to associate his name and fame with progress and improvement." COMICAL CORBBtSFONDENCB : No YOUNO QUAKBBS. -The following is the humorous correspondence, as alluded to in our Metropolitan Gossip, between the late Rev. Sydney Smith and the Countess of Morley, aa to the impossibility of there ever being young Quakers, and the." reason why." Sydney, m conti- nuation of previous epistles, says to her ladyship : -"Pray, understand me rightly: I do not give the Bluecoat theory as an established fact, but as a highly probable conjecture ; look at the circum- stances. At a very early age young Quakers dis- appear, at a very early age the eoat-boys are seen ; at theale of seventeen or eighteen young Qiakersare again seen; at the same age the Coat- boys disappear. Who has ever heard of a Coat-man ? . The thing is utterly unknown in natural history. Upon what other evidence does the migration of the grub into the aurelia rest? After a certain-number of days the grub is no more seen, and the aurelia flutters over his relics. That auch a prominent fact should, have escaped our naturalists is truly astonishing. I had long suspected it, but wss afraid to come out with a speculation so bold ; and now mention it as protected and sanctioned by you. Dissection would throw great light upon the question, and if our friend-would receive two boys into his house about the time of their changing their coats, great service would be rendered to the cause. Our friend, Lord Grey, not remarkable for his attention to natural history, was a good deal struck with the novelty and ingenuity of the hypothesis. I have ascertained that the young Bluecoat infants are fed with drab-coloured pap, which looks very suspicious. More hereafter on this interesting subject. Where real science is to be pro- moted, I will make no apology to your ladyship for the intrusion." To this the countess, who seems t" have been a wag of the first water, rejoins-"Htd I received your letter two days since, I should have aaid that your arguments and theory were perfectly convincing, and that the most obstinate sceptic must have yielded to them ; but I have come across a per- son in that interval who gives me information which I puts us all at sea again. That the Bluecoat boy should be the larva of the Quaker in Great Britain, is possible, and even probable ; but we must take a wider view of the question ; and here, I confess, I am bewildered by doubts and difficul- ties. The Bluecoat is an indigenous anmal-not go the Quaker ; and now be so good as to give your whole mind to the facts I have to communicate. I have seen and talked much with Sir R. Kerr Porter on this interesting subject. He has travelled oier the whole habitable globe, and has penetrated with a scientific and 'scrutinizing eye into regions hitherto unexplored by civilized man ; and yet he has never seen a Quaker baby. He has lived for years in Phila- delphia (the national nest of Quakers) ; he has roamed up and down Broadways and lengthways, in every nook and corner of Pennsylvania, and yet he never saw a Quaker baby ; and what is new and most strik- ing, never did he see a Qutker lady in a situation which gave hope that a Quaker baby might be seen li. reafter. This is a stunning fact, and involvwg-the question in such impenetrable mystery as will, I fear, defy even your s-gaclty, acutenees, asd industry to elucidate. But let us not be checked and oaat down ; truth%the end and object of our research. 