REVIEW. ' (Tram the AlKtnaum.'\ TheHixlorg and Poetrgqf Finger-Buig*. By Charles Edwards, Coonsellor-ot-Law. New York; Uedfleld; London, Trubner & Co. ' August is the theme of rings : for these have an Olympian origin. They; begm with Pro-, metheus, who wore one at the suggestion o{ Jupiter. The Father of the Gods had sworn that he would keep his cousin fast bound to the frosty Caucasus for ever ; he changed his mind, yet. kept bis word. Zeai had the samo gentle manlike regard lor troth which distinguishes the Czar : — he g-.ive L'roraotheus nn iron ring, inserted therein a minute fragment of Caucasus, by way of stone, and sent him into the world to set .a fashion. Ts it frofti this legendary fact that rings were given to the slaves when the latter were emanci pated ? Mr. Edwards does nob enlighten us on this matter. Conclusions have been resolutely drawn on morejslender premises. In later days, when slaves were converted into freedmon, they were not only presented with a ring, but a jwir of shoe*— a present whicli-the Olympian might have, fittingly made to the kinsman whom he sent uponhis travels. If this fact be remem bered, much significance is given to a simple passage in Ulantas, where Stalino says to Pur dalisca, in the Casincr ,-.-? , St eSds* hoc, soleas tibi dabo et annulom lndigito Aurouin. . . . . -.-* ?: - - ?' —'If you manage this matter, I will give you a pair of shoes, and a ^old ring for your finger.' —When the old Athenian says this to his ancUtdjhsh not promising her araoan bribe, bat her freedom^ A slave could not wear shoes — 'sabots' belonged to his condition ; changed for slippers when at home. Thiscironmstaace we recommend to the memory of the stage manager of the Westminster Plays, when next the nastiness of Terence is put into action by ingenuous youth. A slave with a ring on his finger would, of course, havo been an unheard-of anomaly: but when liberty came, then camo his delight to show himself in his jraudy ring and his pair of ' Alcibiades,' — the Wellington* of that classic day. in the Statos, a free negro delights in French polished boots and fjaudy rings ; and thus the fashion sot by the 1'uther of the Gods and cularged by his worshippers, yet has its influence in theso degenerate 'days, on the banks of the Mississippi, the Ohio, and the Delaware. Want of a circulating medium probably first gave metallic currency to rings. Money rings were common even in Ireland ; and they wero never buried with the dead, liko thoso rings which the piety of the Romans secretly slipped into the urns of tlicir dear departed. It is we1' known that the Roman law forbade the burying of gold with the dead. There was, howevor, one curious excention to this rule. Tho law ' narmittpt] the .mrirt} of finch cnld as fitstfliiml false teeth in the mouth of the deceased, thus sparing tho children and friends of tho dead tho oamlul task of pulling from their heads tho artinciul teeth which they had been accustomtd to wear.' The ancients do not saem to have been the more pious for wearing rings with the figures of the gods engraved on them, indeed, Pytha goras, who was a sort; of John Wesley in tho ancient society, whom he astonished with his Hindoo austerities, forbade his followers the use of such rings, as liable, to constitute that sort of familiarity which breeds contemnfc. Some Bach species of contempt for the reality ' symbolized on the ring was perhaps felt by those li«jht l&dies; of Eugjand some three cen turies since, whose vocation was known by the death's head which they wore on a rin^. Mr. Edwards suggests that the emblem was perhaps chosen in order to induce- people to take the wearer for a widow, ready to be wooed in any fashion. And this custom, too, may be traced to a remote period, perhaps to that time when the lady placing the hoop of her ring between her lips was suppossed to invite all bold and handsome spectators to kiss the object engraved oh the seal portion. And Moore may have had this in his thoughts when he wrote his «rotic bit of prettlness touching ' Rings arid Seals.' If there were rings for fiuhioa, s« also have there been rings for ask Roman mistresses wore thick gold circlets, with whistles contrived in them, wherewith to summon their 'slaves. These ladies most have worn these uieful pieces of adornment ranch oftener that Heliogabalus condescended to wear his digital ornaments. That extravagant fellow never pat on tho most costlv ot his tines a second time, nor indeed. did he don any garment twice. _ His valet must have retired from his service a mUlioanaire. Here is -a conceit of another kind— . .,-??? . ' Tha idea of wearing rinijs on tho fourth finger of the left haii1 because of a supposed artery there _which went to tha heart, was caiSea so for that, according to Levma»Lemr'us,this fiager was called Median; and tho old physician* would stir tip their meajeaiients and potions with it, because no venom could stiofc apoa the very outmost 'part Of it but it will offend a man and com monicate itself to the heart.' ? „'.:..-? With reference to the above, it may 'be stated that' amoug.the Romans, rings were worn-only on the left hand, except by very magnificent fops indeed. We may add a fact, of which Mr. Edwards does not seem to have been a ware^ namely, thiinoS only bw the fourth -fingtr & special dedicatory name, but that . every finger wasdedicated to a deity. The thumb was con secrated to Venus, and courtezans wore thereon on their rings. The forefinger, d«nof?ng power, was sacred to Mars, and thereon your gallant soldier carried the pretty circlet bestowed on him by somo.Thelestia or Bdelienis. The longest finger was the especial cure of Saturn, and grave people wore their whistle and their mourn ing-rings upon it. Tie San especially cherished th« next finger, on which is now worn the wed diag-ripg, and which is smponed to have an artery immediately leading, com it ta the heart. Tho l:ttle finger was Mercury's own. The fact of the thumb having been consecrated to Venos w;is remembered to a much latar jiriod here in England than is commonly known. Our great granJmotLers sometimes wore their we-ldiug- rings, not where they r-e now worn, bnt on the thumb. The snpjwsed heathen origin of the wedding-ring led many of the TuriUns to advocate its being abolished : — Others were for abolishing' That tool of matrimony, a ring ; With which th1 uusanctify'd bridegroom Is married only to a thumb. As late as the time of George the First the ring.thoagb placed in the ceremony of the mar riage upon the fourth finger, was worn upon the thumb. It would appear as if the wife, by this fashion, hod more regard to the husband than the priest — 'We have remarked on the vnlsr' error of a vein i?oincf from tho fourth fingjr of tho le« hanl to tho heart. It is said by S^inburn and others that therefore it becirn3 tha wed lin.? finsjer. ? Tha priesthood kept op thl« idea by sii II keeping it as tho welding finger; but it was srot at thrrws»h the oso of tha Trinity : for, in the aucient rituil of E iglish marriasce*, tin rin? was placed ?y tho hmbawl on tho top of tho thumb of the left hand, with tho words, 'In tho name ol'the Father;1 rj then removed it to the forcQn.tr, sajinij, ' In tho namo of the S in ;' then to the rciddtc finger, add'n^, AnJ of the Holy Ghost;* finally, he kit it, as now, on the fourth finger, with the closing word ' Amen.'' So much for tho finjrer or thumb of Venus. That which regarded I) in Mercury has not yet lost all reverence for its goJ, at 'least beyond the Atlantic. Mercury was the fond and lenient deity of thieves. In tha States he is still honoured through this very finger. Touch ing these followers of the light-feathered divi nity, Mr. Edwards tells us that — ' Thieves 'n America will often wear a ring with tho head of a doj prjjectin^ and it« ear sharpened and still further extended, so thai a blow with it would cut like any sharply- pointed instrument. Tuo present Chief of Pol i 'o in New York h in the habit of J';ppin;» oil' thesj sharp eiM whenever he has a ro^ue ia custody who pw sesscssueh a Tins. And ch-iraeten of tho like class wear one b ;atia? a trianijuhir pynmld of metal, with which they can givo a tornhle blow. ? Tlie wtoked have l-een iii.Ljeaioij- with respect to their rings. Thus, Gesar Borgia u said to have worn n ring composed of two lions' heads. When he pressed tha hand of a man he wished to deatrov. he nressed unon the stone, and then a poison exuded from the leonine mouth into the bio kI of tho victim. After all, this was not worse than tho Czar Nicholas kissing tho brow of the yonng poefc whom he knew ho mia devoting to death. It used to be said that tho physician was nothing without his wig. It was necessary that he should at leaat look old enough to bo wise.; So Hippocrates said of old, that a doctor with-, out a i ing was a medicid man who did not know tho decency required by his profession. These ancient slavers of man ns^il to smell at their rings, as tlioir successors in deadly exploits woro wont, in consultation, to put the heads of their clouded canos to their noses. It is fancied that rings nntl lieiula of canes may havo contained some aromatic water or preservative os^nca— r but this is very doubtful. It is certain that tho medical men of old had more conceits touching the stones worn in their rings than any other class of men— suges of; sciolists. . Tims, Cardan wore the jacinth ok hyacinth to procure sheep. Aristotle accounted the amethyst as good aga:nst vnpoii's The emerald lost its beauty on an nnclean prson. The tarn? \tj& a- punted calming— and, in proof ot it, reference *wa* made to- its power of ' astonishing boiling water into coldness,' which must have been highly satisfactory. Bnt silly as are these* conceits of very wise men, they, are as nothing compared with the rather blasphemous assertion of St. Jerome, that tho sapphire 'assuageth the wrath of Gcd' — wnich is about as true as the declaration of / 'bertns Magnus, that the opal wi'l help a man totnake himself invisible. If this were so, what an invaluble stone would the opal be in a society where bills oftener become duo than the silly acceptors of them find convenient f Wo have far more f«'th in tho aileged virtue of tho turqnoise, which can appease discord between rain and wife— if, as fche condition is, both parties wero anxious r i» to have the last worfl. The latter has. at nil events, a more agreeable virtue than that ascrib d by old n- 'di ., to the diamond, which, in ancient wicked limes, was only of use in detecting infidelities. Placed npon the head of slumbering wife or husband, it. would Compel tho sleeper to betray the setsere of the bosom. There was, accordingly, a very natural ('strust of tho diamond in ancient days. Its vocation is gone in these better organized times, At least, if it were not so, we do not suppose that diamonds would bo often pass aa presents between lovers, man led op unmarried. Marcellus, who was the 'Dr. Mead' of Marcus Aurel Jus, says that ft plain gold ring is a good specific for a pain in the side. With us it often cures a pain in the heart. Our old kings blessed cramp rings, and nhysicians mr le profit by tho sale of thorn. Tin the era of the Stuarts the regal influence was not ambitious enough to aim at curing' aught but a more spasm. It was le.o for tho Stuarts, at least so Counsellor Edwards assures us, to pretend to care the evil. Bnt if kings enreu subjects, snbjects havo professed to cure queens. Thns, Lord Chancellor Hatton sent a ring to Eliza beth that conld guard her from infectious ait He recommended her to place it— but Lord Chancellors were not, then so nice as common men are in these days, and we leave. Sir Christopher's recommendation to bo sought after by those who are curious in research; At IJome, where great mon wero not more honest than Hatton wa3 nice, rich senators have been banished by unprincipled potentates for the sake of somo ring whicn the alleged offen der wore, and winch was confiscated to tlw ruler. The latter was sometimes more justly severe towards tho. jeweller. Here is an in stance : — ? ' : 'Mojcrn jewellers aro known to palm off imitations of gem* ; and so did sellers of trinkets in ancient times. The moderns only n-i tho chance of a loss of cos! am: but the l*tter werj well off if they got no greater right than tho jewolier who sold to the wife of Galliemu a rintj with a piece of glass in it. Galrienm ordered tho cheat to. be placed in the circus, as though he wero to by exposed lo tho ferocity of a lion. While the miserable jeweller tre.ublod at the «xpectatloti ot i-utant death, the executioner, by order of tho emperor, let l.xwe a capon upon him. An uneorrmon luigh was ra^ed at this; anil the emperor obs«rvid that he who had deceived others should expect to bj dec JvlhI liimsdl'',' , .-??? The following has reference to a recent fashirin among nsf whereby it was hoped that relief woold come to the afflicted : — . ? ' ' Quito recently, a new means has been contrived for deluding the public in the furm of rings, wl»ch aro to be worn upon the fingers and are said' to prevent the oe co'rencnof and cure various diseases. They ?'e called galvanic rngs. Although by tho contact of tho two metals of wliich they are composed on infirJt-:s!'na!?y minuto current of electricity (hence, also, of magnetism}. Is generate'' st'1, '''om the absurd manner v» which the pieces of metal composing the ring are arranged, and which displays the most profound i jarsaco of the laws, of electricity and raagaetism, no trace of the ir'nute cur rent trarierscs the fiirer mx-n w? !ch the rin? is worn? so that a wooden ring or none at all would have exactly the samo effect as regards tho magnetism or g«v vanism.' A curious cirenmstanco h related in con nexion with medical rings, as we may call them. In the laat war between the United States and Mexico, ringa .iVere found upon dead officers belonging to the latter country, which contained small receptacles holding a poisonous nVd. It was said that the wearers intended to take poison rather than be taken prisoners ! . ? The subject of Mr. £)dwardn's book will re commend the volume to a nlde class of reader*. It is fully rather than well treated, for tbe author has almost . forgotten that ' order is Heaven's first law,' and his numerous facts, stories, anecdotes, and tales, are flung together in rather nnpicturesque confusion. He begins ; with Shakspeare and ends with the judgmeut of Solomon ;' Alexander and Aldermen joable one another in fhe samo paragraph. P.'ome theus, I'opes, Pharaohs, antediluvian and con temporaneous ane^lotes and' references are 'so indifferently used that the author would seem to Bave made his book by simply copying his notes.. However, he has given us a volume that contains.a multitude ofpleasant things npon a pleasant subject. He has omitted little thatcoold give his Babject illustration. When he has got over something of his first confusion, as if ho were.nncertaiu of himsdf at starting, he dis cooriesin something like order, but st-U with out respect for chronology, of rings connected with poaer, of jirigsiffled as cbarras, cdahected with degradation or riavery, or employed for wicked purposes; ho -than passes in review those which hate been coupled with remarkable parsons and ctrejinjatances, and brings hi3argn Inent and history to a elimar 'by writing upon ringaof love, affaction'aad friendship. JlaDy of his illustrativo stories are rather incidental and parenthetical' than cloiely connected with Ms sabject. A chapter on'.th'o pagili3tic ring, fairy ringsj and ring fences,; wor'd.have been moreLin connexion with his theme tfean much whicn he has introduced as belonging to it. ; Nevertheless, his book is a readable boo)^ and therein he shows how largely rings hato inflneuced ths fortunes of indivianals and' th^ r destinies of men. Powerful, indeed, is tMs little circlet for cood or for ill ; fit emblem of eternltyr Cssaf, with Hs 'armed Venus'1 in his thumb, crossed the Bu bicon ; .and finally, to use a popular pbrtie, tJ-e #g » »lik»a; '^-'JeUw!-I)p--W«l-:'.i»ino(.fbe 