MR. THACKERAY'S LATEST WORK OF FICTION. [From the Daily News.'] Mr Thackeray's novel (' The Newcomcs') has now arrived at that period when the interest culminates — the style warms up for thc final gallop to the goal ; and the faithful reader who has accompanied him for no in significant portion of his life begins to calcu late confidently how everything will end. We should think that- Mr Thackeray must be affected by no ordinary emotions when he draws within five numbers of the conclusion of such a long and elaborate work. Many a reader has deserted him — and joined the con temporaries of Fielding — ignorant what became of the shadows which amused his last months in the old familiar planet Earth 1 Many a girl must have married, and got the start of Ethel Newcome, who began No. 1 iu a state of singlo blessedness. Indeed, we might moralise on this aspect of the matter ever so long. But, in sober plainness, will not these novels be of huge bulk ? For our selves we could go on reading Mr Thackeray monthly, even if we were spared to antedilu vian longevity. But in a century nr two, what will our descendants do ? Will they iave the time ? Will thoy — that is, any great, number of them — have the resolution to read more than one story of such proportions about ?i race who will be as strange in their eyes as the Squire Westerns and Tom Joneses; Chwackum and Square, are iu ours? Bulk has been fatal to many a work. Bulk frightens people from beginning the ' Fairy Queen,' — from reading Fuller, —from enjoying many an ancient well worthy of perusal. Wo are con fident that the .size of 'Tom Jones' is injurious to it in the eyes '.of the present gene ration—and that Richardson is neglected chiefly because of his lengthiness. Every great writer should produce :some one brief work— a work that could be read at a sitting, for example, — and so acquire a chance of being read, as well as of being talked about. Bacon is still popular in his ' Essays.' It is an advantage even to the fame of Plato that the laziest student cau manage a dialogue or two, and cau tliu3 attain some insight into the Platonic mind, without laboring through a long performance. : It is our deliberate opinion that if any man alive stands a chance of being read by that endless body known as posterity — Mr. Thacke ray is that man. And now that the Easter holidays gives us a little breathing time — a little of that ' lettered ' ease ' which Cicero loved so much — we propose to examine, 1st, what place he hoids in the literature of the day ; aud 2ud, what place. ' The Newcomes' holds among his own contributions to.xhat literature. Not having the space of our quar terly contemporaries, we must decline detailing the stories of ' 'Vanity Fair,' ' Pendemiis,' and ' The Newcomes , and indeed, of what earthly benefit could our criticism be. to any body who did not know the said stories ? It would be like preaching of the differences be tween Lafitte and Chateau Margaux to a per son who had never tasted claret at all. We shall disclaim pedantic detail and pedantic decision, iand address ourselves directly to such obvious questions about Mr. Thackeray's genius as are discussed habitually among the reading public. Novels are of innumerable genera, and nobody but a literary Linnaeus could .reduce them into system. But', as people do not choose to remember this, they blame a man. for not being like another man, when his merit consists precisely in being what he is. A critic should avoid this ciro'r of all errors. Yirgil is Virgil, and Catullus Catullus, and by laboring to abuse one at the expense of the other, you only prove yourself ignorant of both. 'Who could settle precedence between a lily arad a violet ? Let us decline all such attempts. We accept Mr.. Thackeray's, books as the sin cere products of his heart and his understand ing, dealing with his experience. They show the plainest marks of . sincerity, we think, as; | conspicuously as any other quality, but; for j which they would never have — what we con sider their chief characteristic— their reality. Many people quarrel with Amelia, and many with Becky Sharp, but nobody denies -that such women exist. Mrs. Jamieson despises Amelia, and shudders at Becky, but she does not say that England holds no such wotneu. We ourselves hate Barnes Newcome, but we could point him out in the streets any day. Indeed, if such pictures were not like, nobody would care a fig about them. Who is hurt even by a caricature which does not resemble him ? The merit of Thackeray just is, that everybody talks of his men aud women as living .personages ; and when a squeamish person is offended at one of them — so much the better for tho painter. But why paint what is offensive ? A man might still more reasonably ask why should the offensive exist ? That is precisely the problem which mankind havo always had to answer, aud poets, and preachers, and statesmen, and writers .have always been dealing with it. Every courageous man attempts his answer in speech or action, or both. A painter must paint what he sees ; but tho very first neces sity is that he shall be able to paint like life. That Thackeray has that quality is proved by what we have observed of the impression he makes. Reality may be represented in many ways, however, and now what are the specialties of Mr Thackeray's way ? Can we trace the in fluence of the age on his genius, and see how the two have affected each other ? Every writer sees himself more or less in what he sees. Take any one figure — a man of the world for instance — as drawn by the six most influential novelists now living, and how dif ferent will the figure appear. Yet each will give some of the truth, though each will give prominence to some one aspect of it. Such differences are inevitable. They are the result of the original differences of character iu the writers — plus the differences made by birth, education, adventures, and all the important influences of these in a complex, aged state of society like our own. We desire to note a few of the characterisiics of Mr Thackeray's difference from other men who influence public opinion through the agency of the same art. Those who' know the difficulty will pardou our short-comings in this attempt. The results of analysis are fascinating, but tho process itself is dull. A butterfly is more interesting to the general eye in «a garden than in a museum ; yet the world will insist occasionally on haviug it technically described, classified, and labelled. Wordsworth describes in -a fiue poem how, after paying their penny at a street-telescope to look at the moon, the spec tators go away disappointed. If our telescope disappoints, why all we hope is, people won't think the worse of the luminary. Mr.- Thackeray is a ' philosophical ' nove list, first of all. He paints just as much of life as ho feels that he has a right to criticise. Then, he has learned to paint — in society. Society, rather than the mere genus homo , is his true field. He has a heart for man any where, but, somehow, it is man educated, man living in a highly developed, artificial, social life, that attracts his chief observation. The diversities of society are infinite; its complica tions manifold — and these the intellect of Thackeray loves to study. Using the word in a good sense, Thackeray is a ' man of the world.' A' man of the world is not necessa rily the being that monks, fanatics, and old women, in places like Stoke Pogis, suppose. Dr. Johnson was one, for instance, and openly professes himself so to Boswell: Horace was one, yet some of the noblest fellows who ever lived loved Horace. We don't meau a man who sacrifices his convictions to the world (which is-the bad sense of the word), we mean a man of society, social — of clubs, clubbable — a man who loves the sight of a street as he does that of a pleasant landscape. Homo sum, such a ono may honestly exclaim; but though he feels for all mankind, it is, after all, among 'society' that man becomes most curious as- an object to be studied. Thackeray is a phi losophical observer of society in our era, and it is as that that he will be remembered. Consider, for example, how small a part people in humbler life play in his books. Ho is excellent at hittiug off a landlord. — unri- valled at painting 'Thomas' and ' Jeauies;' but these are just the persons who are brought in relation with the cultivated part of man kind more habitually than their equals. They are formed by their relation to the upper classes. In the same way, when Fielding, draws from ' the people,' Fielding draws from much the same section of them for rea sons' very similar. After all, every novelist describes two kinds of characters, those whom he loves; and those whom he dislikes. . They are played against each other like ' white '-and black at chess. Sentimentalists make white' win;' not consider ing that white does not, win as a general rule, certainly not as a regular thing. A philoso phical novelist makes white win sometimes, and sometimes black, and occasionally the game is ' drawn.' This brings us to tho moral aspect of Thackeray's books. Who are his white? Who are his black ? In answering this, let us remember what we have already laid down, that he is eminently a realist— that he is phi losophical—and that his field is the cultivated classes. Mr. Thackeray knows well that there are right good men and good, women in this world. He knows this : and he knows likewise that ' ideal' men do not exist in it. Idealist portrait ure is not his profession; it may be a very beau tiful art, but it is not his art. It happens, by the by, we may note here, that the. more earnest the period, the more truthfulness and faith there are in it — the more real its literature and art are. 'Ideals' come when life is' becoming artificial and untrue. . Bolingbroke drew his ' Patriot King " just as patriot kings were becoming rarer and rarer ; Richardson his ' Grandison' when English society was spiritually lower than it has ever been. We have no space to do more than indicate this fact; but it certainly is a good; healthy, moral sign about Thackeray's books, that they are so truthful that they niake people grumble at their reality. Yet, to proceed more directly, what are his 'good ' and how do thoy differ j from his ' bad' characters? He draws his good men and good women from the evcry-day English life in which they are to be found. A kindly, simple-hearted, sensible Dobbin— a kindly, simple-hearted Colonel Newcome. It is clear, with regard to these, that everybody knows such men, and that such men are tho salt of the earth. Io does one good to read about them. If thoy where a little more perfect — why, nobody would believe in them — and where would their influence be? The merit lies in the medium being hit so skilfully. If Colonel Nowcome were as elegant as Lovelace, aud as witty us Congreve, how could he be the simple gentle man he is ? _ He would startle us ; but we should not believo in' him, nor should we love him so much. The world is not carried on oil ' ideal ' principles; The ' ideal ' of a sailor is a handsome fellow in ringlets ; but practically Her Majesty's ship3 are sailed aud fought by all sorts of brave, sturdy men ; some short, some stumpy, many ugly. ' Au honest painter paints life as it is : life is wonderful enough, and holy enough, without our improve ments. Books live by their reality — even tho ' Arabian Nights ' lives not by the genii and the wopderful lamps, but because it is like human Eastern life as it was and is carried on in Persia and Arabia. The good men in Thackeray are good men, as they eat and drink, aud walk and talk among us — not too good to be human. The good wo men ^ again, are . mortal likewise. Amelia is certainly not bright in intellect. She loves a young fellow who is conceited, and selfish, aud mediocre. Do such young fellows find women to love them ? We fear that they do. Laura, again (who, by the v/ay, is immensely improved by matrimony), loved Pendennis, arid was not well treated by him, and then rather fancied George Warrington, and yet came round and married Pendennis. Does any man pretend to know why his friend married Miss A. or Miss B ? Of all human things, man's relation to women is one of the most unaccountable. 13 ut Thackeray is not more unaccountable than his- tory. Our monarchs, tho Georges, much fa voured mistresses — and yet were governed by their wives. We all remember how some very knowing gentlemen were deceived by that pecu liarity. « Thackeray, as we have said, draws ln's cha racters habitually from the world. His good men are generous, kindly, honorable — his bad men selfish, cowardly, mean. Both, however, are painted in -light and shade. It seems a matter of conscience with him to look at ' both sides,' with true intellectual honesty. Dobbin is noble and tender ? but he is clumsy and me lancholy. Pendennis is generous, asd agreeable in many respects ; but lie is- vain and worldly. H's uncle, the Major, is even hateful under some aspects ; but you don't altogether dislike the Major. Close, however, ' Vanity Fair' or ' Pendennis,' and what is the total impression '! You love two or three individualities, heartily : you don't positively hate many ; you have been amused and instructed by all. Are parts disa greeable ? Truth is often disagreeable : the world is chequered; there are wet days in sum mer, and cold days in autumn, and so life is made up. Thackeray, again, painting English society, aud limiting himself to a kind of life which must appear flat and insipid to many who mingle in it, only describes, after all, in a certain range. We are far from saying that he is a model painter of high art. We do not tbiuk he would paint Johu Kuox, or St. Augustine, or a mystic, for example. His sound head would make him honor what was worthy in those men ; but his sympathies aro of a different kind. He has more feeling for poetry than most men of philoso phic intellect. Yet, generally, poetry, romance, and sentiment occupy a small place in his . works. Ho hat gleams, now and then, of a beautiful senso of joy iu describing external nature- — but he has not that faculty of picturing it which some possess. He is not so penetrated with the feeliug for the beautiful as many writers ; ho does not give the romantic side of things, gcue rally, its fair prominence. He is a man of cities. He is a man of saloons. Yet, philosopher and wit as he is, few philosophers and wits are so playful and tender, or do feel the gentle and poetic influences so often. In this respect (man of-the-worldliness tempered by gentle impulses), his books sometimes give one a glimmer of like ness to Goldsmith and Sterne. He is like an eighteenth century man transplanted into a better age, and flowering a richer soil. He has a good deal of Chesterfield in him, and yet a good deal of Lamb : of these elements the deeper aud central one is tlie one kindred to Lamb. It may here be observed that Thackeray's literary debt to the last century is immense. He is more like the writers of Anne's time than any other school ; and how he has studied them we know from 'Esmond' and the ' Humorists.' His lucid, conversational, pleasant style, is a kind of new development of the favorite style of the last century. He owes as much to his attainments by read ing and observation as any man. Analyse the impression made by a single chapter, aud you will see how much of it is due to downright knowledge. For instance, tako the whole ac count of Miss Hobson in the early part of the Newcomes. She is a serious woman, and a woman of business — shrewd at once, and pietistic. Every detail of the life in which such a person would be placed is accurately set before us. This is one of Thackeray's most decided -characteristics. He brings an immense knowledge of English life— the fruit of 20 years' incessant observation — to, bear on every chapter. For this reason it is that his works will, generations hence, have an historic value, as pictures of what English life was in the reign of Queen Victoria. The best novel will ul timately come to be chiefly valuable under this point of view. We now read Aristophanes not for the fun, but partly for the Greek, and chiefly for the great insight ho gives us into Athenian politics and Athenian manners ; and Petronius, not for the story, but because we want to know what Latin life was iu the first century. So it will be with our descendant. They will read our humorists to learn our history as vividly as possible. Fielding has been dead only about a hundred years ; and already Squire Western is a standing subject with politicians when they wish to found au argument on the condition of the landed- gentry of England at that time. Here, then, is a distinct value in Thackeray's novels — and we think thoir peculiar value. They are philosophic pictures of English ' society. Every quality. The mere ' story' is not par ticularly ingenious in any of them. The force of tlie descriptions depends more on the philoso phic thau the picturesque power. They are quiet, easy in tone, reflective, sometimes worldly, and very frequently satirical — because the ago in which we live is cultivated, reflective, sceptical, and satirical ! Aualyse the very fun, and you will find that the fun is the result of the insight. It is not dramatic but philosophical humor. The author is never carried away by either his ludicrous or his tender emotions. In deed, a manly self-command, reigns throughout, and hence, when he does deal with the pathetic, the touches are brief but irresistible. How anybody but a bigot or a blockhead could read those parts to which we allude without feeling that at the bottom of the writer's heart was a spring of tenderness as fresh as summer rain, we cannot understand. A valuable essay might be written- on the tenderness of the strong. It would not convert fools, but it would at least confute them. Apropos of this branch of thc subject, we may mention a fact sho wing what a universality there is in Thackeray's writings, after all — that of eminent persons who pecu liarly appreciate him among his contemporaries, one is Carlyle.; a second, the authoress of 'Jane Eyre a third, one of the most celebrated bishops; and a fourth, one of the most worldly of brilliant wits, profoundly indifferent to the other three. Little space remains for us to speak specially of the 'Newcomes,' and we shall assuredly leave it to quarterly contemporaries to begin ' Thomas Newcome, a successful trader, of obscure origin, in the North, was twice married, &c.;' Wo must briefly indicate its leading points of likeness or uiilikeness to the author'^ other works. It has a family' likeness in the cast of char acters. Colonel Newcome is not a repetition of either Esmond or Dobbin ; but he is a similar typo of English manhood. Clive is a bjtter fellow than Pendennis, when Pendennis was young ; but he might pass for a brother, though artistic, while Arthur was literary, &c.; Ethel Newcome, is, in our opinion, far the best portrait of a woman intended to be loved that this writer has achieved. She has more spirit aud vivacity, more living life thau Laura. She is a deeper character, beyond compare than that poor tender, weak Amelia. She is as bril liant as Beatrice and as striking — but truer, sounder, and ^higher. She is a very fiuished creation. Let , the student mark the detailed nicety with which her good and bad poiats are shaded off, anft how something of what is good in her character is made to help what is less worthy — how her circumstances and her heart act and re-act upon each other. Her position is a very intricate and subtle one, in her different threads of relatiou to K'ew, Clive, Farintosh, and her family. We, consider this one of Thacke ray's best portraits. Barnes Newcome is th« writer's Blifil, again. Every novelist does a Blifil. He is the most unredeemed scoundrel in the Thackeray Gallery. He may be studied as an example of the kind of men produced by unalloyed moneyed aristocracy. He is not a gentleman : while Farintosh again (a vicious fool), has yet — as we may see in the latest number — a redeeming reminiscence of what may be called the tradition of gentlomau hood about him. Farintosh is one of Thacke ray's best fools, as Barnes is one of his most life-like villains. Kew again, who has wit and I good character, tinged with worldliness aud nil admirari, is a spoiled high character excellently drawn. His defence of Barnes to Clive on one occasion struck us at the time as a very vivid bit of nature— an exhibition of a very strange and sad spirit — which seems to say, ' We are all bad, let us be charitable.' Much of the wickedness of the youth of this country may be traced to the nil admirari doctrine, which the good Dr Arnold so hated. The minor characters, such as James Biunie, Chas Honeyman, and the rest, are as successful and original as previous ones. Bayham is, per haps, the least successful. Though life-like, lie is overdone. Generally speaking, characters which could be brought on the stage — very de monstrative and one idea'd characters are not Thackeray's forte. Ilis forte is in that higher art which deals with complex characters. At a theatre (a3 the stage uow is) Bayham would be a good striking figure; but how could all the minute and involved peculiarities of the higher characters be displayed there ? Thackeray is' a novelist for the study. ? It has been said already, that the ' story' is not the quality which attacts most in his books. What is called ' adventure' is not to bo had there. There is more story in ' Vanity Fair ' than in any of them. We read the 'New- comes' with curiosity, not because we expect striking incidents, but because the com- - monest every-day action of the 'characters has a more refined interest in it, than the most eccentric gambols of un-real creations. A very hacknied image speaks of ' the play of Hamlet, with Hamlet left out;' but suppose you took out of Hamlet himself, all the peculiar profundity of mysterious interest which makes him the greatest embodiment of thought in all language, you would still leave a Prince Hamlet, who sees a ghost, aud murders a courtier, and so forth; which, for the mob, would really be almost as ' interesting as tho present figure. But such splendid unions of ' story' and ' character' aro only to be found in Shakspeare. For the present, we must be content with a philosophical novelist with no very intricate plots, who lights up modern life for us with thought, humor, and wit, aud sends us away both instructed and delighted, by revealing a new interest to us itr everything that passes under our noses. We repeat it: ' Thackeray is a philosophical novelist ; first-rate of his class, and admirably real as an expounder of what is usually called society — the life of the cultivated classes of his age. All his other merits are subordinate to that merit; and all his gifts to that gift. One word in conclusion. A great writer is a fit object of study, per se. He is to be tried' by the laws' of his owii kingdom and his own race ; not by those of other kingdoms and races. Beauty is its own excuse for being, says ah' American poet, and the same may ba said of all the great qualities. Hence, wo have not compared him with other men, nor performed the ungracious task of showing how and why he is inferior — in what respects' he is below, or in what above — other great writers. We have done our best to exhibit, within these limits, some of his claims to the affection of his coun trymen, with the cordiality which an English journal owes to a groat English author. The Tables Tun.\En — Andrew Jackson Allen, au eccentric player, having paid all his debts in Albany, proceeded to Now York, where he en jraged in the Park Theatre, and was moderately successful in his slouched hat, broad buckle, and short sword characters, until his creditors, for he had a way of Retting in debt perfectly surprising to young beginners, became somewhat impatient and troublesome. One, in particular, determined to try thc virtue of a capias ail respondendum, and eraploj'ed a well-known and afterward celebrated constable, by the name of Hayes, to cxeeuto thc same on the body of Father Allen. I may as well hero state twi tilings — first, our hero was aud is, partially deaf; and, secondly, ho has a way of speaking which conveys the idea that he is always laboring under thc effects of a b'd cold in. his head, without a pocket handkerchief to help him self with. The reader will please bear these things in mind. Young Hayes, ho was then young, found Father Allen on the Park Theatre steps. 'Good morning,' said he, saluting tho actor very civilly, but speaking in .a loud voice, for lie know thc actor's infirmity, ansl pulling out a small bit of paper, 'Your name ii Allen, I believe?' ' Yes, Andrew Jacksod Ailed, at your service,' replied the debtor, supposing the ofliccr wa3 an applicant, for a front scat in the dress circle, ' What cad I do for you, my fredd ?' con tinued he, patronisingly, as he gently tapped tho ashes from his cigar. ' It it my bedefit, you see, Battle of Lake Erie, sir, with real water ; great expedse; fide play ; we huve met the edeby, add they arc ours, you know; lots of dobie ships, flags, guds, aud sbokc ; look at the bill, sir.' 'That's just what I want you to do,' replied tho officor, ' herc is a bill I want you to examine, and here is a writ requiring that I shall take your body forthwith before a squire.' It was useless to attempt to misunderstand this plain explana tion ; for if he could not hear very well, lie could see as well as anybody, and it was equally useless to attempt to escape ; so after quiet'.y examining the papers, the bene/leiare of the evening gave a puff or two more at his cigar, and then with a nod of the head intimated , that he understood the whole affair. ' Let's sce ; ...yes, scvedty-two dollars exactly; cursed ill-datured of by. friedd Thobsob to trouble you with this .busidess ; I idtedded to pay it out of by bedefit bodey to-borrow ; but dever bind, step idto Bister Sibsob's roob with be, '.add I'll hadd you over the aboudt.' . Ccrtainlv, sir,' answered Hayes, and he followed the defen dant into the theatre through a private door. I. shall ; not attempt to describe ; the route they took, but it is said tho officer was led up . and down numerous stairways, over divers stagings, and through many dark passages and underground vaults, until lie was completely be wildered. At length, in the midst of darkness, he was requested by his conductor to ' hold on a minute. Here's Bister Sibsod's roob,' said he ; ' wait here till I see if he is at leisure.' The officer stopped stock-still, as desired,, for he had no idea which way to move, and waited patiently for tha return of his prisoner, whose retreating steps told him that Mr. Simpson's room was not so near to where he stood as he had supposed. After wait ing for about ten minutes, he began tb call tho name of.his prisoner in a loud voice.; Suddenly a trap-door opened immediately above his head, and, looking up, he distinctly saw Allen's face, lit up jwith a most benevolent smile. 'Well,' in quired the officer, 'have you found Simpson?' ' Do, by friedd, I havd't yet foudd that worthy gedlebad, but I do dot despair of bcidg able to beet with hib sobe tibe this evodidg; be so good as to wait there, by idtcrestidg friedd, while I take a good look for hib ; it is bore thad likely I Shall see hib sobe where betwecd hero add Philadelphia, for which city I ab about ebbarkidg.' ' Embarking for Philadelphia I' fiercely exclaimed the officer : ' no you don't ! you are my prisoner, and must not move.' ' By dear freidd,' replied Alien, who had not heard a word the officer had said, but saw by his movements he was inclined to leave tho place whore he had located him, ' you'd better dot stir froo that spot till sobe of tha labplighters arrive; for if you do, idasbuch as there are trap-doors all roudd you, you'll fall forty forty feet or so, add- that bight hurt you, yo'u Icdow.' The trap door was closed with a loud noise, and the next that was heard of Father Allen ho was getting 'up an immense nautical piece, called ' The Battle of Lake Champlain,' in Phila delphia. I have never learned how tho constable got out of tho theatre, but I presume he was turned out. The return on tho writ was, ' Exe cuted by taking in custody the defendant, who . escaped by misleading me into the devil's church, and leaving me to get out the be3t way I could.' Knickerbocker. Long-dated Bill. — It chanced one gloomj day, in the month of December* that a good humoured Irishman applied to a merchant to discount a bill of exchange for him at rather a long, though not uaasual date ; and tha merchant having casually remarked that the bill had a great rnauy days to run, ' That's true,' replied the Irishman ; ' but then, my honey, you don't consider how short tho daya are, at this time of the year !'— -American Paper. 