SYDNEY INFIRMARY AND DISPEN SARY. The annual general meeting of the subscribers to the Sydney Infirmary and Dispensary was held on Tuesday evening, agreeably to public advertise- ment, in the Infant School Room, Castlereagh- street. At eight o'clock the chair was taken by the Vice-President, Captain Dumaresq. The Chairman called upon the honorary Secre- tary (Rev. H. Stephen) to read the following annual REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS OF THE SYDNEY INFIRMARY FOR 1854. In presenting these Reports of the transactions of the past year, the Board of Directors of the Sydney Infirmary have much pleasure in inform- ing the subscribers that the Institution continues to be in a satisfactory state of efficiency. While the number of patients has been smaller than in the previous year, the proportion of those who have paid the subscription fee, on their admission, has been unusually large. But though this is the case, the support received from the public gene- rally, is scarcely commensurate with the important and highly philanthropic objects of the Institution and the consequent claims which it has upon the sympathy and support of all classes of the com- munity. Compared with these claims on the one hand, and with the population and wealth of the City on the other, it must be admitted that the number of subscribers is not as large as might reasonably be expected. Feeling this, and aware of the demands which recent, as well as intended, improvement will have made upon the not very ample funds of the Institution, the Directors have endeavoured to enlist the favourable interest of the public, by distributing a short and concise sum- mary of the advantages afforded by the Infirmary and Dispensary respectively. These have been so ' frequently and forcibly explained in previous Reports, that it seems almost unnecessary to dwell upon them now ; yet, for the sake of subsequent reference, and with the hope that the facts and figures contained in it may convey to subscribers and others much useful information in the smallest possible compass, the Board would venture to in- sert this summary in their present report. It is as follows : — The Directors of the Sydney Infirmary and Dispensary, conceiving that the number of sub- scribers would be considerably increased were the strong claims of the Institution upon public sup- port more generally understood, desire briefly to explain its objects and management. Established now for nearly ten years, it is, in so far as its operations extend, in a flourishing condition, and has been the means of accom- plishing in this community an incalculable amount of good. it is divided into two departments : — The In- firmary, for the reception of persons suffering from aggravated disease ; whose means do not allow of their procuring the medical aid which their cases require at their own residences ; and the Dispensary, for the gratuitous relief of the patients who are either seen on specified days at the Dispensary, or are visited at their homes by the District Surgeons, being in either case sup- plied with the requisite medicines. The Management of the Institution is vested in a Board of Directors, who meet monthly, and in a Weekly Committee appointed by the Board, who superintend the details of internal arrangement, ever exercising the strictest vigilance both as regards the cleanliness of the wards and the treatment, comfort, and general well-being of the inmates. An annual subscription of One Guinea entitles the Subscribers to recommend any number of ne- cessitous applicants for the aid afforded by the Dispensary ; while an annual subscription of Two Guineas empowers the donor to recommend, in addition, one patient for admission into the ln- firman . These necessarily condensed observations are made with the view of placing before the public in the simplest possible form, the advantages afforded by this most useful Institution, so that its means may be largely increased, and its benefits more widely extended. Extract from the Eighth Report of the Board of Directors of the Sydney Infirmary. "The following statement will point out the in- crease yearly made on the Directors for aid, and consequent by the growing usefulness of the In- firmary." In 1845 admitted... 193 1846 " .....420 1847 " .....518 1848 " .....606 1849 " .....920 1850 " .. 1077 1851 " ....1157 1852 " ...1233 1853 " ...1498 Up to the 31st December of this present year, 1333 patients have been admitted. The Directors would now proceed to a brief detail of the principal events and proceedings of the past year. In their last Report they had to deplore the loss sustained by the death of their Secretary, the Rev. Dr. McGarvie. They have now to an- nounce, with feelings also of deep regret, though not with the same sad cause for sorrow, that, on account of his continued illness, they have been obliged to accept the resignation of the Rev. Dr. Ross, who was elected Secretary in Dr. McGarvie's room. In his capacity as secretary and still more so as Chairman of weekly committees (an office he held for some years), Dr. Ross was distin- guished for the most diligent and faithful dis- charge of his duties. To his watchful care, his methodical management, and his ever-ready tact, the Institution is much indebted, and the Directors are not without hope, that his health may be so re-established as to admit of his again assisting them, whenever they may require the aid of his valuable counsel. At the request of the Directors, the Rev. A. Stephen consented to undertake the duties of Secretary until the annual meeting. The Board have next to report that, since the last annual meeting, a sum of nearly eight hun- dred (800) pounds have been expended in paint- ing and repairs, and in the formation of a large and capacious tank. This expenditure is appa- rently great, but not only was it indispensably requisite, but as reasonable in amount as the high price of labour and materials would allow. At the urgent request of the medical officers, the Board has taken into consideration the necessity of erecting an operating theatre. Finding that this was a work which could be no longer de- layed without seriously impeding the efficiency of the Institution, both as a hospital and as a medi- cal school, Mr. Bibb was instructed to consult the medical officers, and then to prepare the plan and specification of a room, which might answer the purposes of such a theatre, until the state of the funds should enable the Board to erect one worthy of the Sydney Infirmary. The plan thus proposed having met with the approval of the Directors, and a tender having been also accepted for the performance of the work, it is hoped that a want which has long been most seriously felt will soon be supplied. This improvement, though certainly of the most pressing importance, is by no means the only one that is highly desirable, if indeed the Infirmary is to extend its sphere of usefulness in any fair proportion to the rapid in- crease of the population. With this conviction it is that the Board would suggest to this meet- ing, that instructions be given to them to apply to the Legislature during the next Session, for pe- cuniary aid towards the erection not only of the operating theatre, but of such additional wards or apartments (sic), as the requirements of the city imperatively demand. The subscribers will be glad to learn that there is every probability of their Institution being shortly numbered among those hospitals that are formally recognised by the medical colleges of Great Britain and Ireland. The number of patients admitted during the year amount to 1333. Of these 1007 were males, 299 were iemaies, and 27 were children ; 609 hare been surgical cases and 724 medical. The largest number of admissions was in the month of March, and the smallest in the month of September. Accident and urgent cases amount to 90 ; oper- ations performed, 9. Of the cases treated, 842 were discharged cured ; 222 were relieved ; 15 were sent to the Benevolent Asylum ; 6 were discharged as incurable ; 42 were discharged at their own request ; 23 were dismissed for infringe- ment of the Rules; 165 died. Of these latter, 41 were in a dying state at the time of their admission. The most prevalent diseases seem to have been —rheumatism, from which 182 suffered; diarr- hoea, from which 90 suffered ; ulcer of legs, from which 82 suffered: syphilis, from which 68 suf- fered ; and fever, of which there were 57 cases. The number of cases treated by the district surgeons in connection with the Dispensary has been 749, of whom 143 were visited at their own residences. The Directors have much pleasure in bearing testimony'to the zeal and assiduity of the medical officers both of the Irflrmary and the Dispensary. The skill and attention evinced by these gentle- men entitle them to the cordial thanks not only of the subscribers, but of the. public generally. Of the Infirmary officers, Dr. Douglass has already resigned, and Dr. McEwan now retires by rota- tion. The latter gentleman is a candidate for re- election. For the vacant office of Physician there are several competitors, whose nomination will form a part of the business of this meeting. One of the District Surgeons, Mr. Burgon, retires by rotation, and is eligible for re-election. By the re- tirement of Dr. McNish, sugeon for Phillip Ward, a vacancy has occurred, which the subscribers are now invited to fill up. The Board would avail themselves of this opportunity to recommend that the medical staff of the Infirmary be increased by one physician and one surgeon, a proposition which they trust will meet with the approval of this meeting, and the more so as the present medical officers are impressed with the desireable- ness of such an addition to their strength. The Directors cannot but speak in terms of commendation of the manner in which the oner- ous duties of house surgeon are performed by Mr. Houston, and they express the hope that the sub- scribers will authorise an increase of £100 to his present inadequate salary, in order to raise it to £300 per annum. Of the matron, Mrs. Ghost, it is sufficient to say that the order and cleanli- ness which reflect so much credit upon our insti- tution, are mainly owing to her unwearied per- sonal exertions, and the Board would recommend that her salary be increased by £20, in order to make it £100 per annum. Mr. Hampton, the house steward, is likewise a meritorious officer. In conclusion, the Directors would most ear- nestly eommend this most humane and useful institution, not only to the continued favour of the present subscribers, but to the extended sup- port of a benevolent public, assured that were any formidable disease to invade our city, in this respect so long and happily favoured, the value of the Sydney Dispensary and Infirmary will be more appreciated by the inhabitants generally, than it now is by even its most strenuous and constant supporters. The abstract of accounts of receipts and dis- bursements of the Institution for the present year was next read to the meeting by a gentle man, who appeared on behalf of the treasurer, confined at home through illness, and which showed a balance in hand, to the credit of the Institution, of £714 8s. 3d. Captain Moriarty moved the following resolu- tion : — "That the report now read be approved, and together with the Treasurer's accounts be printed and circulated under the direction of the Board of Directors." Mr. G. A. Lloyd seconded this resolution. The Rev. Dr. Fullerton proposed the second resolution as follows: — "That the thanks of the meeting be presented to His Excellency the Governor-General and the Legislative Council, for the liberal aid afforded from the Colonial Revenue, for the year 1854, to the funds of the Institution." The Venerable Archdeacon McEncroe seconded the resolution ; which was put from the Chair, and passed unanimously. Mr. Justice Therry moved the next resolution, viz. : — "That the Board of Directors be empowered to make application to the Governor-General and Legislative Council, during its next session for pecuniary aid towards the erection of an operating theatre, as also of additional wards or other apartments." Dr. Hogg seconded the resolution, which was passed unanimously. The Attorney- General moved the next resolu- tion, which was as follows: — " That the thanks of this meeting be given to the directors and office-bearers for their services during the past year ; that the honorable E. Deas Thomson be continued in his office as President ; that Captain Dumaresq be requested to act as Vice-President ; Thomas Woolley, Esq., as Treasurer ; and the Rev. Alfred Stephen as Se- cretary; and that the following gentlemen be elected Directors in the room of those who retire: —Rev. C.F. Priddle, Rev. P.O. Ferrell, M.E. Murnin, Esq., Thomas W. Smith, Esq., Charles Kemp, Esq., D. Egan, Esq., M.C., and Dr. Douglass, M.C." The Rev. George King seconded the resolution, which was passed unanimously. The Rev. A. Rowan moved and the Rev. Canon Walsh seconded the next resolution, which was passed unanimously, and which was as follows: — '"That the thanks of this meeting be given to the Medical Officers of the Institution for their valuable services during the past year." The nomination of' candidates for the vacant medical offices was then proceeded with. It was moved by Dr. Fullerton, and seconded by F. Mitchell, Esq. "That Dr. Catlett be elected a Physician of the Institution." It was moved by Charles Nathan, Esq., and seconded by W. Macpherson, Esq. '"That l)r, Alleyne be elected as Physician of the Institution." It was moved by G.A. Lloyd, Esq., and seconded by W.S. Moutry, Esq. "That Dr. Owen Williams be elected a Phy- sician of the Institution.'" It was moved by Mr. Justice Thcrry, and seconded by Mr. Dalley. "That Dr. Williams, of Bligh-street, be elect- ed a Physician of the Institution." On the motion of the Rev. Canon Walsh, se- conded by R. Campbell, Esq., M.C, Dr. McEwen was unanimously re-elected Surgeon of the In- stitution. Dr. John Burgon was re-elected Surgeon for Gipps Ward; and Dr. Jonn M'Dona, was elect- ed Surgeon for Philip Ward. It was moved by Capt. Moriarty, and seconded by the Rev. C.F. Priddle. "That Alfred Roberts be elected to the office of additional Surgeon, as recommended by the report, and approved of by this meeting." On the motion of Mr. Kemp, however, second- ed by Mr. Alexander Campbell, it was resolved : — "That the day of election be fixed for the 30th of January instant." On the motion of Dr. Macfarlane, seconded by Capt. Moriarty, it was resolved: — "That Mr. G.A. Lloyd, and Mr. Macpherson act as scrutineers on the day of election." Captain Dumaresq then then (sic) left the chair and was succeeded by Mr. Justice Therry, on whose motion a vote of thanks was returned to Capt. Dumaresq for his able conduct in the chair, which concluded the business of the evening, and the meeting immediately broke up. 