SYDNEY. We aro in receipt of a file of the Sydney Morning Herald, from tlie 24th to t-lze 36th inst., both inclusive. The intervening dates, com mencing with the 20th, have not however come to haud. Arrival op tup. Bishop of Sydney. — His Lordship the newly appointed Bishop of Syd ney, arrived on the 2Sth inst. from Melbourne, in tlio Telegraph steamer. His Lordship was received by a large number of the clergy and laity of the Church of England in the school room of St Andrew's Cathedral. The following address was presented by the Rev. Archdeacon of Cumberland (Dr Cowper) on tho occasion. To the Right Reverend Frederic, by Divine permis sion, Bishop of Sydniy and Metropolitan. May it please your Lordship, — We the under signed Aiclideacon, clergy, and laity of the diocese of Sydney, beg leave inosf earnestly and respectfully to congratulate your Lordship ou yottr arrival. The long period which has elapsed since the decease of our late reverend metropolitan, Bishop Broughton, has brought vividly before the Church the evils which arise from tlie want of the Episcopate and has caused us to look forward with much anxiety fo your preseuce amongst us. 1 It would be unbecoming in us to do more than express our appreciation of the gratifying testimony which has been given to the worth of your minis terial character and labors by those who had loiin continued opportunities of observing them. We have, therefore, only to assure your Lordship that it; will be our constant desire to cooperate with you, each of us according to our ability, in our several stations, in the many important works thai will devolve upon you in the discharge of the duties of that higher otiice to which in tho providence of God you have been called. We earnestly pray that by the Divine blessing upon your endeavors, you may be the honored instrument of furthering the - Gospel of Christ by drawing the hearts of Ilia people together into one godly union and concord to the edifying of His Church in faith and charity, and to the iucrease of pure religion, and wudefllad, in all parts of this extensive province. The Bishop returned thanks as follows Mr. Archdeacon, my Brethren of the Clergy, and I of the Laity, — I thank you most cordially and sin cerely for the very kind manner in which you have met and welcomed me upon my arrival amongst you. The peculiar circumstances of this Diocese maku me deeply anxious that I should be sustained in the administration of its affairs, by the prayers aud united efforts of the members of our be-'oved Church and I trust that Ho who has called me forth to this work, and has guided my steps safely hither will be with us to bless us, and make us a blessinc' I can truly say that as I came simply betause I am sent, so my only desire is to promote the glory of God in the furtherance of the Gospel of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. The evils of which you speak as arising from the long vacancy of the See, since the death of my ex cellent and revered predecessor, I shall, under the divine blessing, endeavor to remove ; but I feel that I have much need to cast myself upon your kind aess, your sympathy, and, above all, your prayers, that the spirit of wisdom, of love, and of a sound mind may be given to me. I am thankful to feel that I do not como amonffst you as an entire stranger. With one of the clergy of this diocese I had the gratification of forming a friendship subsequently to my appointment; and in a city eon nee ted with that great commercial empo rium in which I labored for many years, there will probably be some who have known my ministy and manner of life. I pray God that the anticipations yon ha-, formed concerning mo may not be disap pointed, and that I may be found by experience to be such as your desires and expectations have imagined that I might be — a promoter of godly union and con cord — a preacher of the Word in truth and right eousuess, and an eusample of the flock of God. I thank you much, my brethren of the laity, fpr uniting with the clergy in the grateful assurance of your co-operation with mo in the work whioh is befoie me. Humanly speaking, the success of my mission depends upon this union of feeling and assistance. Much needs to bo done, and if with one heart and one 'mind we are found striving together for the faith of the Gospel, under the divine blessing, much will be done. If each member of our Church, in his vneatinn anil ministry. dnpK in tho r-Film collect read to us, truly aud godly serve our Hea venly Master, we cannot fail to bring down ^a large blessing upon this most interesting and important portion of tho world. 1 take this opportunity of expressing my obliga-. lions to the Venerable Archdeacon for his ltinduess in discharging the duties of the Bishop's Commis sary, onerous as thoy must have been when added to his own. I am uot at present iu a position to make arrange ments for seeing such ot my brethren of the clergy as desire to cmisult uie j I hope speedily to be able to give to all ol'you the opportunity of speaking with tnu, and shall thankfully receive tho suggestions which the long experience of some amongst you will enable you to make. In-conclusiou, I pray that as my arrival is nearly coincident with our Church's celebration of tlio descent of tho Holy Ghost on the day ot Pentecost, it may please tho Groat Head of the Church to I quicken our prayers for the influences of tho Holy ! Spirit, and to answer them by an abundant outpour ing of Ilis manifold gifts of grace; that to prstors and people tho choice blessings of an increase of faith, hope, and charity may be richly vouchsafed.*' Tiie Qukf.n's Birthday. — This anniversary was obsoi-ved with groat eclat. Business was almost entirely suspended. A regatta formed portion of the festivities on the occasion. Constitutions for the Coloniiss. — The fol lowing information in reference to the Anstni lian Constitutions, has been communicated to ils (S. M. Herald) on the authority of private letters received by the Blue Jacket's mail, and may be relied upon as indicating; j with a great degree of certainty, the determine- | hon oi ller Majesty s ministers, in respect to them : — Although the Constitutions of New South Wales and the rest of the colonial group, (except Van Dicinen's Land) may be said to bo in abeyance until the return of Lord John I Russell, yet it is quite certain that the Homo j Government do not intend to oppose any ob- [ st.ao.les to their passing through Parliament. | Sir G . Grey himself assured]Mr.W ent worth that | it was his intention, had he continued colonial | minister, to pass all the Constitutions, with E very slight modifications. And there can bo j very little doubt, that this course will bo | 'pursued by his successor, whoGver | ]:.- may be; ?. foi' ? it 'is felt,, that no: 3:. iiiatcr can with propriety, ' control 1 1 j constituent power _ ?which Parliament ?J - -hvn t;r tile .colonics. ' If tho Now Gonsti ?i ? ??)!! ; sh'oif!.l''Wl-t work well, future le^: 1 .m:s must ivl.Sf.Vttyem. ::As i'.ir, -however, as 'tho 3 r.vw- i.in ().f.,nu.,XJppar Jlouao.iu concern :i i; .'..it change ]i;is taken piano iu the minds of J' n»y of ti'ftad'voea-ii'S of dlb'ot.ivo'iiclioii, .Ys-'aj.;-' io it.' 'ift' i»: hfcconii'n^-.dea'ily- rfteo^nirteil *.t responsible government — a more valuable tknii'eveU an'U|ip'6r Tloustx— is in«om-_ V-.'i'ilo with:''t.'.vot'el¥(itivQ chambers:' ? If' is e'ojx-' i-i Imvd ve y doubtful... whether tli,Q..clucti!vxv p iiic.iplo will after all 'be adopted in Canada.. 15 :? that as i,t. mjiyj.it, ;npp.cajr3,.that tlic'.Humc 0 ivornroent ?fh'.W. i-d.etermiiied to . ask Parlia j;.. -iit to sanction the various Australian -3oh s:i i'Ui'ins,: on tlio./principle 'which Mr Wont ' ?w-n-lh himself'; icsmncialcd'ptliat whdtsvor fov-'m of Constitution was found iu practice, to work \--'-?* t would -ev6i'iWallyl'ho adcJptfe'd by^iir.f.Ti.t;; «? ??lonies. The .Van DiciYfoh'ii -LfintV .Dill' wits. lii:miodiatoly/^o.'.l!M rlai4' ;^a\'';iho.'.tvAi}c. til'^otl'j' jioiwes of rarlifiihoiVt.'ior the required term Of thirty days,, .-^ni^^heii;- Iipy Mftjpsty would be,, advised tp assent to it,, as-it does not require, like the othav-BUta- the oxpress nction.ttfd'niliat inent to bring it into operation. Having been forewarned, thoVrtn IHemeii'e'LiUidtJoveriiiriofit' omitted from their Bill anything which might be supposed- 16 'intci'fero wifli'' the prerogative of tho Crown, or. with the pp\yc_r .pf Parliament.. Tii e New', .^CcjijijjSi'lu £i oii ' ,\\\'i il1, Vt^iorpforc; 0' ' )uu ). doubtedly be in 'fiili' force' in. our sistci^pQmhy. in four or jfn-p nji^uths.^ - ;»,*? Mr. Wchtworth's friends will be glad to hear tb.it he is in oxCeUen't health' and, spirits/ ''When-' last heard from, ho was in London, on fch'O-ijiisv; sion entrusted, to him: ? Hio'is; hWvfivqr^etttfKUy tired of doing'notliing.aild rfegretg;thafc'uho- did1- ot go into Parliament when he had tho oppor tunity on his first going h'orfie, as hb'woulrthave had occupation lor his mind,ancl also have been «i Mo to repel tho attacks wliicli Ma\'L'owo will doubtless make 'on the New Constitution.. Should a dissolution? occur,' which is almost' e u'tiin, Mi\\..Weiitworth may bo expected- to h.ive a scat..iu thciHousd-of Commons. : ?? ? It may also be stated that Mr. Wentwortli litis written',! in- most .urgent terms, 'to tlie coin JTiitteo for erecting a-statno to him,' and' to his private friends,- to -induce the subscribers to found instead ari'ellowsliip in tlio::Sydney. Uni-1 vorsity. I-Iis whole thoughts' and anxieties are' for the welfare aud advancement of this- coloi'iy. 