THE CHURCH OF-ENGLAND. . ,' ' ,Thè following is the form of ThaUsgiving,' for tho recent Victory at'-Sobastopol,' appointed to bo used in various Churches io-morrotr:- ? ? > . The following Psalm to bi laid or »ung before the ' Psalms for ? the day : IF the Loni hod not been on our stile, noir may wo say : if the Lord .himself hod not boen on our. side, when men rose up against us: ? ? ? I They had swallowed ns up quick: when Uley were so wrath- fully displeased at us. , Yea, tue waters had drowned ns, and the stream had gone over our soul; the deep waters of the proud, hoc?. gono over our soul, , . . . s ' llut praised be the Lord : who hath not given ns over as a pray unto them. . t ' The Lord hath wrought : a mighty salvation for ns. > . Vie gat not tills by our own sword, neither was it our own arm thntsaved'usi but thy right hand, and thine arm, amt the light of thy countenance, because thou hadst a favour uuto us. Tile Lord hath appeared for us ; the Lord hath covored our hoaila, and made us to stand in tho day of battle.. TU« Lord hath appeared for us : tile Lord hath overthrown our enomies, and dashed In pieces those that rose up against us ; ' Therefore not unto,us, O Lord, not unto,us; but uuto thy Name, be given the glory. . ' .'? Tbe Lord' hath done great things for us: tho Lord hath done great things for us,'for wbloh we rejoice. ... , . . ? ., \- Our help Btandoth in the. Nome of,the,Lord : who halli mode heaven and earth. . ,", , . i r messed be the [Name bf the Lord: from this time forth for evermore .= .. .«.. .'..* tv».».. . < '?' iwh\i ;i" ,i> Glory" be to,tho Father, and to tho Sou: and, to tho Holy Ghost! ? ' -, u .?? - As it was in tho beginning, is now, amt over Blioll bo : world .withoutend. Amen. ... ... ' V .' .?>'? .. The Thanksgiving to ba natl after thc fíeiural Thanksgiving. O Ai.MiOHTY GOD, the sovereign commander of all tho world, in whose band ls power and might which none is ablo to with, stand : wa bless and magnify thy great and glorious name for this happy victory, the whole glory whereof wo do ascribo to thee, who art the only giver af victory. And, wo beseech thoo, give ns grace to improve this groat mercy to thy glory, the advancement of thy Oospol, Uio honour of our Sovereign, and, as much as in us lletli, to the good of all mankind. And, we beseech thoo, give us such a sense of this great mercy, as may engage us to a true thankfulness, such as may appear in our lives by an humble, holy, and obedient walkiug before thee all our days, through Jesus Christ our Lord; to whom with thee and the Holy Spirit, as for all thy,mercies, so in particular for tills victory und deliverance, be all glory and honour, world without end. Amen. 