THE BISHOP OF SYDNEY. THE following address was presented to the Bishop of Sydney by the Rev. Dr. Steele, and a deputation from the congregation of St. Peter's, Cook's River, on the 29th instant ; - To the Right Reverend Frederick, by Divine permission, Lord Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan. May it please your Lordship, We, the undersigned, minister, churchwardens, and pew holders of Saint Peter's, Cook's River, respectfully approach your Lordship, and beg leave, with all sincerity, to o ingratiate you upon your safe arrival on this tic scene of your spiritual Halperin tendence. We have read on to be thankful that your own recorded real ments, and the unanimous testimony of those amongst whom you have laboured for so many years, are such art to leave us nothing to desire in the choice which our Most Gracious Qu enhuamailo for us in selecting your Lordship by our Bishop, and as Metropolitan over these important colonies. But, independently of all this, the very fact the very impression at least upo i our minds that such choice was made upon the espi ci el recommendation of his Grace the Archbishop of Canterbury (that uncompromising defended and faithful exponent of pure CurUiienlij), won dof I'lelf have the effect of removing from our minds all anxiety with 10 spect to the result, and of securing; for your Lordship the most cordial re custom in our hands. . . We trust that whensoever Your Lordship mallee it expedient to come amongst us, we shall be 'found a united and a peiOflul community, and one most reply to receive spirit d instruction fro a your Lordship's lips, feeling assured, us we do, theatres Inst motion will be in accordance with those Divine Scriptures from which, and from which alone, we believe that that wisdom is to be obtained, which is able to make us wise unto SIIIVA tion In wishing your Lordship a long and peaceful, and a prosperous career, we would also implore the Dit ino blessing upon your labours, and pray that, on all ovations of doubt, of trial, and of difnouUr, you may be under the guiding influence of the holy Spirit of God. Here follow the signatures. To which the Bishop replied : - Dr Steele, and Gentlemen, I have received the expression of your kindly feelings with much gratification. It was not possible to leave the numerous friends and fellow- labourer with whom I had been so long and affectionately uuoirUtcJ without much regret ; but it is a great consolation to us at that I am cordially welcomed by those.- on whose sympathy and support I must depend If anything good or great is to Iwaçoniplisiied I trust that, with the help at those who love our common Lord and Master, much may be done for the spread and maintenance of the great principles upon which the Church of I'nxlantl is founded, for the diffusion of scriptural knowledge, and the increase of the means of grace. The providential circumstances which led to my appointment to this sec-, without the least attempt on my put to obtain it, uiTirel reason to hope that I have indeed been sent here by the Lord to do His work at any rate, my desire is to yield herself to him will, and I pray that I may be honored to carry on His purposes of good towards this great and interesting country. The pr recipes which I have hitherto professed I shall, by the help of God, maintain. I reverence more than ever that Word which is the only rule of faith, and desire to preach more fully tout justification which is offered I freely through filth In the Redeemer, and that sanctification which is the operation of the Holy Ghost if we, as ministers and members of the Church, arf true to our principles, and to one another, we cannot fail to be a benefit to the land in which we live; the great purpose of 'heCnurcU's existence will then be accomplished in the perf. acting of massing', in the work of the ministry, and in the edifying of the body of Christ. I remain, your faithful Servant, F. SYDNEY. To Dr. 8tc be, the Church warden, and Parishioners of St Peter's (Church, Cook's River. 