Local News- I IT IS NEVER TOO LATE TO LEARN. So said wo on Wednesday morning, ns wo perused, ere wo started Cor tho course, the report of T tics lay's lîaces, in thc columns of our daily I contemporary, whoso local habitation is over against the public houses of our friends-. Hook nnd_ Briar's, in Lower George-street. Wo had foolishly imagined that wo knew something about our business ; that inclination, aided by Jong experience, had given us some little idea ns to how a day's racing should bo described, but on Wednesday last, as aforesaid, n iilm fell front our eyes, and it required rather nn extensive dratr upon the small stuck of-"nnti- niode.-tj'' that wo possess, to restoro our wonted equanimity, anil' for us tilny " the flattering unction to our souls" that perchance we lind nil tho time been ripfit, and that tho would-be thunderer of Nctv South-Wales had for once overshot its mart. Our readers shall jodee between us, and should* they prefer Jiuviiig their dish of racing served tip with morality sauco, wo shall bo hnppy to supply them with it in that style for the future. Fortu- nately for those who prefer having the piqoancy ? of their turf reports softened with a daih if whitcchokerism, there was no appointment in Pitt-street for Tuesday last, and consequently tba gentleman who usually does the "lea'omi Prayer Meetings," was ot liberty to turn tho smallest poi t¡on of the whites of his heavy eyes towards tho morry mend of Homebush. Having armed himself with a " Tract," (Hnivlakud's last light. " Tho Red Hot Poker") in lieu of a Curd of the Knees, he went on his way, not re- joicing, but (like tho mnrtyis of nhl) prepared to endure tho worst. To enable our renders to form anything like a correct estímalo of tito Kev., ventlenian's meditations, whilst ho was in puri;a-. : orv, wo must refer them to the fame, us they, .ippenr in extenso, in the columns of The .Smmct/. Morning Herald, of the 7th ult. Wo have only . oom for a few brief extracts. In the first place, «¡th tho same good tnsto thnt universally per- vades the pages of tho f/eutld, our uiorcliriiiC historian takes especial pains to notice the diflcr ance existing boiwecn races here and tli"?eflf home Ho kindly informs his hoirilti'il admirer» (who will doubtless expect to seo him next Sun- day make his appearance with a cloven-foot and a tail,) that there were not sn many ladies on tl».1 e urso as arc to he found at Epsom or nt AFcnt. The some cute observation, if displayed itt otto cases in the col .ny, might possibly al]0"1 ,b0 .mme deduction. Tho grief, howover, «Iiti'li if»' occasioned by the absence of thu pf«* and uj''« in tho cheeks of tho ladies, which Mr. Morally, (now that ho was "on tho spice.") cvideiitiy looked out for, was soon assuaged by thc u["" covcry that together with tho 1'ink mid hod vanished tho " rouge-et-noir." Then wicca palms ndtidcra tendens, our worthy petroirnca the. other customary contortions, ¡IUIICMIVC. amongst this doss, of thankfulness' l>a>W f.iulid some " true cause fur rejoicing. 110 ' almost indeed begun tofuney himself "OT 'I"1,'0.".,' great a dissenter from tho phnsurcs ol inc, * cuirse; and tho >oung lady by lu's f,'llyyl,,"r asking to bo allowed to look ut his Caril.) ii» almost found favour in his sight, when union» nat el v his oyo fell upon tho "milgie eirelc. was just prior to the raco for tho City -B ? . when excitement was nt its hl- ihct-t l»w">.au »uno parties were with "seemingly nnnD- l'Ju, ? lations." making their investments upon . "COMPUJTK" (in nil his ports, wo prwumc.tM Rov. gentleman means) horso burp uri. , thers upon the mux?, of " J?"to l»!ood' u\ Miahod." quoth the holy man ! * * * * I^Z^g himself of his-red hol pokert ho Sd no more! In sober:.wrm*». »e were soo a contemporary holding the position Ä the uud.mhtedly does, publish rïoi nle:e fanhr.an«teas this-, lor m add.no.« ?0 ,ho cant and twaddle above alluded to, and to ho totally uueallo.l for allusions to tho American flt and our neighbours in Victoria, there is not ÎSTSWK, race correctly d^orine. ! In our ,,",r ,l;ivi we were taught th.it '.whatever Li'worth doing ut all. was worth doing well. YTe wotil.l commend tito aphorism to tho con- sideration °f " g>andmnmn." . SUCH TIIIN'OS SHOULD NTT DE AL n<vl.D -Wa have been daily looking out fol-a fin* li- warning from tho over-watchful //?»-,»/,/ Lin« lin ab .iinmUfon which has lately been in'-ro ltice.l among t its, winch tho circumstauois connected willi tho origin of illa colony, re Mires should bo promply cheeked. Alter the iniler caro manifested for its charge, by our Lfcmporary in . its odieial capacity, as rfr./ «»«.. to the morals of the community, upon the reduction of Jack -hoppard, wo can with dilti raltv account for its silence respecting a per- formance of an equally Injurious tendency, and calculated to be far more mischievous, inasmuch ¡,¡t is far moro accessible to the million. We .Lie to tlie performance of /'it'di. Yes, in tte* latter </.!>/#, U has been thought lit to mtro juee amongst tho unsuspecting mid pure minded inhabitants ófthis Sunny Isle, this horrible representation of human depravity. That such «aexhibition, inculcating, as it does, tho crimes of wife-heating, resisinnco to the lawful autho- rities and winding np with murder, sdiould lie leratéd for an instant, wo cannot understand. ¿ut so it is; on thc course at the races, these fearful scenes, decked out with alluring but me- rer cious ornaments, were depicted willi fearful exactness, Kvcry poko was well directed, every blow administered by thc ruthless hand of this iollv locking desperado, reverberated amidst thc throng of tho intensely interested gazers. What thc results may be we cannot, dare not, predict. One great consolation, however, remains for Mr Toning, and that is, that should Clime be found lo increase, it must not now be attributed to Jack Sheppard, lint to I'wich. DisTiiiissiXG SUICIDE.--An inquest iras held on Monday afternoon, beforo J. li Brenan, Ksq., nt tho Cottage of Content, puldio hnuic, Wnolloomooloo-.stivet. on the body of Edvard M'Kenny. Mrs Klizabeth Waker dc pos'dill-it ibo deceasod, who v:as about twenty - tine years of nee, had resided itt her linnhe m ffoodoimiooloo-strcet for tho last fourteen months; ho was a clerk in tho Shipping Master's oiSce, and, as far as ulm had nn op: ortunity of judging, was of temperate habits; ho had been wy unwell dining tho last fortnight, owing, as ¡he' believed, to over-anxiety of mind and fatigue in attending to I.is mother, who was bing dangerously ill; on Saturday morning he ipppared to ho very melancholy und depressed inspirits; between one and two o'clock witness .MSalarmed hy her daughter, who told her that ibo had seen deceased in his room cove cd with blood; the door of the room, winch was bolted on the inside, was broken open, nnd deceased »asfuund sitting on thc side of tho bed with his throat eut; witnots sent out immediately for a. chemist, and for Kr Nallian. Fanny II. Town Hiid, daughter of the lust witness, stated that on Sjtuiday morning sho was watching tho do ceased: ho asked her to have tho room for five minutes; she did so, .vid dircotly she left the room the broth-r of the deceased carno up and fourd the door closed; the brother called to de- ceased, who replied ''can't you let a fellow alone fjr live minutes;" witness asked him to open t he door, and as no reply was made. looked through the keyhole, when ho yaw bim on the bed covered nilli blood. Thrtmns II IJ. Venour. Shipping Master of ibo 1'ort of Sydney, saiil that defensed iras appointed a clerk in his otlico in December last; he was very attentive to'his duties, and sitne.is had never seen him intoxic tied; lu) bad lately recommended him for promotion. C!:ai hs Kathrin, surgeon, «tated that be bad known tim deceased fur aleut fotii-ioeu ye irs. ami had boen bisniedic.il attendant; during the past fortnight d ceased had been ci tifined to his b d, laboring uniliir fever and mental depression; abouleleven o'clock on Saturday morning witness saw de- ceased, who thou appeared to be the.-itened with insanity, though his conversation was generally rational: witness gate directions that lie-should bc watched, and not left alone, until ti compe- tent nurse could bo procured: witness was tailed in about two o'clock, and found tho de raased wish .1 wound in tho right side of the throat; witness .-md Dr. liohertson attended do ceased until bis death at nine o'clock on .Sunday night; witness had been indirectly informed vf the death ol a young l-idy, willi «bom doec-ited wis about to bc married, which lind bad great influence on his mind. Evidence was also given by John C. Horner, chemist, who had been in constant attendance upon tho deceased up to ibo limo of his death. Tho jury, after the Coroner bad summed np, returned a verdict that tho deceased had committed suicido while hbaring under temp irary insanity. . 0>ÎE OF THE HILLS THAT FLESH IS HEIR To.-Since tho days of Hippotas. the world bu nut seen such an incorii>> ible " blower" as our much-esteemed friend, Baron Bouncer, of Uourko-street, .Surry Hills. Several enquiries bivo been addressed to us, socking for informa- tion as* to tho origin of the .'piltra" which periodically appear in tin Metropolitan Journals, to unanimously extolling a certain Foreign Medical l'raotitioner, who has recently '-paisod" ¡ti London. Upon enquiry wo liavo ascertained that, with tho most condescending benignity, tho Baron has become his panegyrizing patron. It has also been hinted to us thai, the noble Vavasour has appointed tho said Ooctor .is his physician in ordinary, and doubtless tho honor ofilia appointment is to bo considered tim remuno rauoii for the performance of tho anxious duties oí the othco. Judging from by-goncs, weare irresistibly histenod to the conclusion that any pecuniary emoluments will, liko tho Ghost of Hamlet's Father, como in rather'' a question- able shape." MODEL OF SEBASTOPOL.-We have derived great pleasure from an inspection of tile beautiful model of this great Russian stronghold md its environs, brought out br Dr Brnlili, and it present exhibiting nt tho "School of Arts. Even if looked upon solely as an exhibition of leientific skill, the Model could not fail t i prove highly attractive; but when wc view it as bring in" before our eyes, the fac-similo of places which, owing to tho painful interest Btuchud to thora Rt present, have become " familiar in our mouths as Household Words"-wo must regard it as nt onco a most interesting and instructive itaily, and ono which we would advise our friend« to I.iso no tttno in availinz themseves of. THE SPEAKER.-Our readers will re- member that it was in contotnplntion, to invito Sir Charles Nicholson toa c implimentary Ban- quet, upon tho occasion of his retirement" from lie post ho has so long and effleiontly filled, WM of Speaker of tho Legislativo CouneiL Upon m .ro maturo ennsideration, however, it M» been dctoi-mincd to substitute a Presentation tute for tho Banquet, un alteration which wo Wander highly judicious. VicTORit.-By the " City of Sydney" »ohavu news from Port Phillip to the 5th ult. fiiey cinttiiu, however, nothing of importance-, our neighbours, like ourselves, being principally »ten np wUJi their elections. The examination « iheapprovor Quinn for tho altair of the Balla |M Bank Robbery, had commenced on Friday ust, hut was adjourned till Monday, upon tho ipnlicatiou of tho prisoner. ' STEAM POSTAL COMMUNICATION ONCE | Hotte -it is rumoured, and wo sincerely hope 'roly, that Steam comrautiicution for tho convey jotaoftha ICnglish mails, will bout once ro- iled, via Singapore. We have received'no «»»lately from homo, of a moro cheering de Knptun than this. Somo even go so fur as to that ibo October mail will bo bnught out / a steamer. Wo rathor doubt its coming into operation quito so soon us that; but, nt uti events, wifwnor tho hotter; tho present state of un «fwiiity and delny ia quito unbearable. i HE COURT OP REQUESTS.-This wurt lina at Inst commenced wiping nil tho long ">t of arrears, which wore so rapidly nccuniii '«."ig, and which threatened eventually to ex » ngiush ns functions altogether. Now, howover, .wiora will have a comparatively fresh start, lt " jimto tmio, nevertheless, that some decisivo T« permanent alteration wcro made, with ro- sa a to Um Court of Bequests; hut now wo can- not hope t|lat anything will ho done in tho mttt '.ri uy tho existing Legislative Council ONE hundred pounds reward will ba gi von ti any parson ' or persons who shalt ciro such information as shall lom! to tlio conviction, that they uro correct, "respecting tho mun o and whereabouts of tho owner of tho pretty lig-k bon uot, und'.still prettier face, that we»H,w a' llômo hush on Tuo-iduy li\<tj and who did then and rlu>ro wilfully and fui >mi>u>ly su-ti from us the miserable rumuins of what was once a heart. Tho only elua nt presjut possesed likely to load to discovery is. that tho fair thief lind the prettiest foot and ankle (we um prepared to swear to it) in Christend un. A fren pardon will he grnntol should tho äffender think proper to como forward and confers, and no further proceeding-- will then he taken in the matter, hut such as shall bo mu- tually agreeable. " Fill, lill, the sparkling hrimmers," as tho gentleman said at Mnmulitish. when he poured the champagne into his friend's hat. CONUNDRUM.-Why were the Booth keepers nt. Homebush during the past week, the mo-it industrious people in the Colony?-Becausa thoy were invariably in-Wu/, upon their duties. (The above was forwarded to us hy n gentleman on lils returning from the races. The piodue- \ ti m clearly shews what state ho must have been in to perpetrate it).- j ANOTHER RACING CON.-Why were all the Omnibu'-scs going to Homebush this time, in imminent danger of meeting with seri us acci- dent*?-Because they wore all'obliged to run agninst tho rails. FORGIVE US IP YK CAN.-What is the dilterence between n creek and n bed? There is never a creek without a bed, but there is often a bed without a crenk. How was it that the " Sydney Times " expired so suddenly? It was the UAD Imus, we foppose. MEDICAL QUERY.-An ::ldlady who has been troubled with asthma for the last thirty years, wants to know whether the fact of ibo Hill for our all .buming a New Constitution having beconto law, will affect her. anti if she hadn't better buy one of'those copies of it ad- vertised for sale nt the Km piro office for a Shil- ling, just for tho sake of thc chance. DELIGHTFUI, TASK.-To watch the calmness with which our Council awaits its ap- proaching dissolution. PARK ES EN NE RY SERENADING HIS "DHAII ANÍ> BKAUTIF-IL,"-(as ho returns from "the house ", with a voluntary accompaniment by the Cats upon the Tiles), "The i thoul't re- member mo my Love". EXTENSIVE FAILURE.-The Homebush County Spring mcctinir. 