COLONIAL INTELLIGENCE. Mechanics' Institute. — Concert.— A con- cert, of vocal and instrumental music, is to take place at the Mechanics' Institute this evening, under the direction of Mr Russell. We have little doubt but that the entertain- ment will be a very agreeable one, and trust there will be a good attendance. Shooting Match. — A light chaise cart is to be shot for at the Horse-shoe Inn, Cambridge, on the 15th inst. A list of members is kept at the White Hart Inn, Elizabeth street. : ERRATUM. — In the list of stewards of the dinner to the members of Council, to take place on the 19th inst., the name of "H. McMickin" should have been printed Anthony Mac- Meckan. Captain Sturt.— Accounts have been re- ceived at Adelaide, stating that Captain Sturt and family were about to return from England to South Australia. The Garrison. — A small detachment of the 99th Regiment, which has been stationed here, left for Hobart Town this morning, having been replaced by a party of the 12th Regiment, which arrived from Melbourne on Saturday last in the Royal Shepherd. The detachment con- sists of sixty rank and file, ten women, and twentv-five children. The officer in command is Captain Hutchins. — Launceston Examiner, Nov. 6. The Mersey Coal. Works. — The men em- ployed at these works have struck work; the rate of wages having been reduced one half by the manager. There are now about two hun- dred tons ready for shipment. The proprietors of the works contemplate the construction of a tramway from the pits, to come but near Tar- leton, at a shipping place where there will be ten feet water the reduction of the wages is said to be owing to a fall in the price of coal, which has hitherto been £2 per ton; delivered in the Mersey; and there is no doubt that if the article is to be extensively used, the reduc- tion must be submitted to.— Ibid. The Tables Turned.— Last year our mar- ket gardeners sent considerable quantities of their produce to Melbourne. But; it appears that now the Victoriatm possess abundant sup- plies of garden produce, grown near Mel- bourne. The early productions of the season are now offered in Melbourne cheaply, and abundantly, and it is said that vegetables of va- rious kinds might now be obtained from there at lower prices than we are paying for them on the spot— Ibid. Fifth of November. — The annual ceremony of parading the effigy of Guido Fawkes was duly performed yesterday by the young Tas- manians, who generally contrive to give a colo- nial aspsect to their hero by inserting a short pipe in his mouth! Many respectable house- holders, when sipping their coffee, yesterday morning were politely requested by small crowds of juveniles to contribute towards the squib and cracker fund. In the evening the fires of martyrdom were kindled in various lo- calities, and poor Guido's ashes were scattered to rise aain twelve months hence. Large crowds resorted to St. John square in the even- ing to witness an exhibition of fire-works, by Knight, to celebrate the batter of Inkermann. An immense consumption of powder took place in the shape of rockets, squibs, &c.;, to the im- minent danger, apparently, in some places of the wooden buildings, but we have heard of no accident. - Ibid. DIDO.- A resident in the district of Morven informs us that since the robbery of Mr Gib- son's shepherd and the hawker, by Dido, not a single party of constables has been despatched in pursuit. — -Ibid. The brig Firefly, and schooner Abbey, also 100 tons screened Newcastle coals will be sold this day, 8th inst., by Messrs Brent and West- brook, at the Consitituion dock, sale com- mencing at 11 o'clock. M. Klaer and his Troupe.— This indvi. dual seems to have taken such disgust with the Launcestonians at the ill success he has met with that, with his dancing dogs, he danced off rather suddenly on Friday morning last, after having, danced rather deeply into the books of some of our townsfolk, who com- plain bitterly of M. Klaers forgetfulness.— Launceston People's Advocate. Street.Cleaning.— The Corporation seem to have entered into tins affair with spirit, for we- actually observed on - Saturday last, a man bent nearly double by the weight of years, and- armed with a pick-axe and the ghost of a shovel, as hard at work as such a man might be supposed to be, in scooping up the dirt from the gutters in Charles street; and deposit- ing it in heaps. He got through as much work on Saturday as would employ an able- bodied man about three hours.-Ibid. THIRD QUARTERLY MEETING FOR TRANSFERS OF LICENSES.- This meeting was held at the police-office at 12 o'clock this morning before the Police Magistrate, J. C. Gregson, Esq., Major Welman, and Dr. Graham, J.P.'s. The following transfers wore granted From W. Summers to — Blane, the Wilmot Arms, Bris- bane and Wellington streets. From Britton Jones to Josh. Brown, the Angel Inn, Charles- street. From T. Fuller to W. Summers, the George Inn, Wellington and Elizabeth streets. And from James Morris Martin to James, Wilson, the Edinburgh Castle, Bathurst St \- lbid. PRESERVING FLOWERS.- A florist of many years' experience gives the following receipt for preserving. a bouquet:—" When you re- ceive a bouquet, sprinkle it lightly with fresh water, then put it into a vessel containing soap suds; this will nutrify the roots and keep the flowers bright. Take the bouquet out of the suds every morning, and lay it sideways (the stock entering first) into clean water, keep it there a minute or two, then take it out, and sprinkle the flowers lightly by the hand with water ; replace it in the soap suds; and it will bloom as fresh as when gathered. The soap suds need changing every three or four days. By observing these rules a bouquet can be kept bright and bearitiful for at least a month, and will last still longer in a passable state; but attention as directed above must be strictly observed, or all will perish.- Launceston Examiner. CRAY FISH - This delicious shell-fish can be obtained in large quantities, on the coast westward of the Tamar. The best plan of catching them is by means of a bell-shaped net, fastened to a hoop, at the bottom of which a large piece of raw meat is placed. This net being lowered into the sea, and left at the bottom for a short time, the cray flsh creep in to feed, and if hauled up steadily and cau- tiously, are soon secured;"— Ibid. Dido-— The last intelligence is that this bushranger and his companion were in the neighbourhood of Fingal.— Ibid. 