OUR LORD'S ASCENSION. The apostles and other disciples having been favored with many/ appearances' of Christ, and .instructed by him in what related to his kingdom, or the establishment of his church, during' about ? twenty days — which was the term of their con tinuance in Galilee — by his appointment returned to Jerusalem for the approaching feast of Pente . cost, 'l en toys before that festival, while they were all at table together in Jerusalem, Christ favoured them with his last apparition. (Mark xvi. 14.) On this occasion he gave them his last charge to preach baptism and penance, and to confirm their doctrine by miracles, with the power of which he then invested them. (Ib. ; and Luke xxiv. 44, &c.;) These were the credentials of- their mission from God to the world, and the proofs of the truth of their testimony concerning 'the resurrection of Christ, and other divine mys teries, of which they were appointed witnesses to all mankind. (Acts i. 8.) Though our Lord bad repeatedly rebuked the Jews in general, and his disciples in particular, for their carnal notions of a temporal kingdom, yet they could not ima gine that the gingdom of his church, of which the prophets had spoken such glorious things, was to be merely spiritual; so strong were their expectations of a temporal empire, and a delive rance of ? their nation from their present state of servitude. Hence- the disciples seeing their di vine M aster wonderfully risen from the dead, and about to^ establish his kingdom upon earth, put the question to him, when be was going to be taken from them : — 'Lord, wilt thou at this time restore the kingdom to Israel ? ' They did not yet rightly comprehend the true riches of evan gelical poverty and, contempt of the world, and the mystery of the cross. This they were vet to learn by the descent of the Holy Ghost. Jesus ? answers by checking their curiosity; yet so as to give them to understand what that kingdom was, of which he had spoken. 'It is not,' says ho, ' for you to know the times or the seasons 'which the Father hath put in bis own power. But you shall receive the power of the Holy Ghost ccun ing down upon you; and you shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem and in nil Judcoa, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost parts of the earth.' From which words we learn, that God hath fixed times and seasons for executing his purposes, which it is neither requisite nor profit able for us to know, and which he has not thought good to reveal to man. This his conduct suits our present state in which' w-3 walk by faith and ' hope ; and it affords us the greatest occasions of exercising the most heroic virtues, to our conti . nual increase in all holiness. By curbing the' curiosity of the disciples in prying into the divine secrets which it no wise concerned them to know , Christy teaches us to check our natural desire of searching into futurity, and presses us to live in entire dependance upon God, offering ourselves to do his will, and desiring that it may be ever ac complished by us in the most perfect manner, to his. divine honour, and our own sanctification. Nevertheless, our blessed Redeemer indirectly answers the inquiry of his disciples, by telling them that they should be enabled, by the descent of the Holy Ghost, to bear evidence to his doc trine and mysteries, and become themselves the founders of his spiritual kingdom, by planting ijio I.LHUUU, mat. at iieiusuieiii, men at oamana, and thence gradually extending its pale to all the nations of the Gentiles throughout the whole world. Jesus having thus repeated his former commis sion, and given his last charge to his apostles, in the place where they were assembled together in Jerusalem, thence led them forth on the road to Bethania— to a high part of Mount Olivet, about a Sabbath day's journey from the city. Beinir arrived at the summit of the mountain, he raised himself from the earth in the presence of his disciples, and lifting up his hands as was custo mary with the Jews on such ocensions, he gave them his blessing; and, as in his resurrection, he raised himself by his own power, so in his as cension he was wafted up to heaven by his own divine energy and power, being himself' the very author of life and motion. Th.e apostles and dis ciples followed him with their wondering eyes as he rose, till a bright cloud took him out of their sight. And while they stood in silent amazement with their eyes fixed upon the hea vens, two angels appeared, like men in white garments, and thin accosted them ; — (i Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye looking up into heaven? This Jesus, who is taken up from you, shall .so come, in like manner as ye have seen him go into heaven ; ' that is to say,, when he shall come to judgement. The apostles, .after this glorious sight,returnecl full of joy to Jerusalem. There they shut themselves up together in an upper room, and remained in prayer, in compliance with the orders of their divine master, who commanded them to abide in Jerusalem till they should be strengthened by the coming down of the Holy Ghost, . (Acts'i. 4, &c;, Luke xxiv. 49, &c.;) It is the ancient tradition of the church, confirmed as to the day.from the sacred authority of holy scripture (Acts i. 6.) that Jesus ascended into heaven forty days after his resurrection, on a Thursday about noon. Several fathers of the fourth, fifth, eighth, and all succeeding ages, as well as modern trrvellers, assure us that the prints of his sacred feet have continued visible in the hard rock where he last stood, even to the present unit; ; iiuu mive utui mnn^o «v,iuu^ vi sited by pious pilgrims, at least ever since the fourth century. ''There remain the prints of his footsteps where he last stood on earth,' says St. Augustin, 'on the spot whence he ascended into heaven : they are now held in veneration.' (Tr. 47, in Joan. n. 4.) The same is affirmed by St. Optatus, St. Paulinus, Bede, &c.; St. Paulinus and Sulpicius Seyertis tell us, that the spot could never be covered with any pavement, though this had often been attempted; ane that no violence or length of time had been able to' efface these sacred vestiges. Christ our Lord being now ascended into hea ven, sitteth at the right hand of the Father. But when we profess our belief in the ascension, we understand this of his human nature only. For, as God, he fills at once all places in heaven, earth, and hell; being by' his immensity present to all creatures, preserving, moving, and governing all in a manner so intimate, that, as the apostle in forms us, — ' In him we live and move and be.' He is said, indeed, to reside particularly in hea ven, because he there displays the most striking effects of his presence in the riches of his good ness and glory. 2. Also in the souls of the just on earth, in which lie manifests his complacency and bis bounty. Wherefore, when we say that God departs from, or goes to creatures, this is meant only of the manifestations of his presence by certain extraordinany effects, not by any real and absolute removal of his divine substance. ' What is meant by thy going away ? and what by thy coining? ' says St. Augustin. For thou neither leavest the place whence, thou goest, nor comest anew where thou arrivest. But vhoa o-oest away by concealing or withdrawing certain effects of thy presence ; thou comest by' mani festing them. Our divine Redeemer, therefore, as God, filled the heavens and 'earth while he as sumed human nature, though personally united with the divinity, dwelt only upon earth. But at his ascension he mounted up to heaven as man, with the same human body and soul in which he was born, and died, and rose again, where he sit teth all glorious at the right hand of the Father. By these last words we do not mean that the Father hath any hinds or limbs, for he is a pure spirit, and consequently can have no parts. They signify only, that Christ, as God, is equal to the Father in all things. (St Aug. 1, de Fid. & Symbol, c. 7. ; and St. Chrysost. Horn. 6. cont. Anom.) But the sentence is to be understood chiefly of Christ as man. and signifies, that in his assumed nature he is beneath the Godhead, though above all creatures in dignity, glory, and authority. This the prophets had foretold. '' The Lord said to my Lord ; sit thou at my rio-ht hand.' (Ps. cix. 1.) St. Paul and the other apostles speak of it in the following terms : — ' Raising him from the dead, and placing him on his right hand in the heavens: above every principality, and power, and virtue and domina tion, and every name that is named, not only in this world, but in that to corqe. And he hatl/put all things under his feet, and hath made him the head over all the church which is his body,' &c.; (Ephes, i. 20, &c.;) ;; Who is on the right hand of God,' says St. Peter, (Ep. 1, Hi. v. 22.) swal-j lowing down death, that we might be made heirs I oi me everlasting — me angels, the powers, and i the virtues, being made subject unto him.' Neither are we to imagine that our Lord is confined to any particular posture of body, when it is said — he sitteth. The expression means only that he dwells in heaven. Also that he is in heaven ? with power and jurisdiction— as Lord of all creatures, head and sovereign Judge of men ; for among the ancient Hebrews, and many other nations, judges gave sentence sitting. Whence the exercise of their authority is ex pressed by that word in the Psalms, and other parts of the Holy Scripture, as well as in profane authors. Christ in heaven, with respect to us men, is our Redeemer, our Mediator, our High Priest and Victim ; our Father, and Brother and Master ; our Pastor and our Spouse ; our Phv sician, King, ana Judge. He is the author arid Finisher of our faith, and will be our eternal happiness. With respect to all creatures, he ia tire beginning and the end, the first and the k&t;, in whom and by whom nil things are-, inasmuch as he is God. As man, the Father hath consti tuted him heir of nil things, having conferred on him dominion. He is the' restorer of all tilings in heaven and on earth. lie is the Jirst- bonfof all creatures, being, as God, before all created things, even from eternity ; himself the Creator, of all; as man, he is the first in excellency, — raised above whatever hath been created, and the Lord of all. Therefore, even ns man, he ex ercises a power, and authority over all creatures, and particularly over man. This we express by saying — ' He sitteth.' — To' Him, with the Fa ther and the Holy Ghost, be all honor, and glory, and benediction, for ever and ever; and to us, through Him, eternal salvation. 