RTitTTSH AND FOREIGN' OLEANTtfGrS. A BTTS3IAN Ladt on thb Wab.— The Times correspondent communicates portions of a letter from a young Russian lady to her sister, which fell into his hands in a deserted villa' e about 12 miles irom jjaiasiava. 11 is dated May 26th (June 7th), and the -writer 3peaks very contemptuously of the allies. ' At Arabat,' she writes, 'there was a battle, in which we were victorious. They even say that a Russian army is marching on to Paris. To-day the enemy bombarded heavily, but did nothing but bombard, and will do nothing; t hey can do nothing against tts.' On the very day on which this was written the Mamelon Vert and the Quarries were taken by the allies. The writer adds :— 'They say that the seat of war will soon be transferred to the Danube. It is time that these gentlemen should leave us, and let us have a little rost. As soon as they go the town of Sebastopol will be built where the Chersonese was, and what is now Sebastopol will be entirely a fortress.' Austria* Italy.— The condition of Aus trian Italy is at pressnt somewhat ominous of approaching disturbances. The army is to be increased by 40,000 men ; and the Turin cor respondent of the Tunes says that he hears on good authority that it is in contemplation to set up for sale' by public auction some of the properties of Sardinian subjects which were sequestrated in contravention of existing treaties of 1853 at Milan, some of whom are also naturalized subjects of Sardinia, for the amount left in the public treasury by the Austrian authorities, although, at the treaty of peace between Austria and Sardinia, August 6, 18 19, it is agreed by the first separate and ad ditional article that the Sardinian Government is to be responsible for all the damages suffered bv Austria in the war then concluded. As a faint means of reconciling the Italian people to tlies^ fresh evidences of imperial despotism, the ' Central Congregations' are to be co.i vnkpfl. Thfiso CoTnrre?ations consist of two leputies from each province — one a noble and 3ne a plebeian — and one deputy for each royal town. But the Imperial Government reserves to itself so great an influence in the selection of these representatives, that they become little ' better than instruments of despotism ; and they are not likely to lead to any pacific settle- , ment of Austro-Italian difficulties, or to initiate iny satisfactory progress. The Verona Gazette emphatically denies that the Austrian army of Italy is to be increased ; bnt the fact is asserted by the official Vienna papers, and the Times correspondent says he has the most positive assurances of its truth. Foundries is Sebastopoi..— That there are foundries in Sebastopol there can be little doubt ; some of the shot thrown at us is per fectly smooth and new, and seems just turned out ; besides which, it is impossible to believe that- a great naval arsenal can be without the means of manufacturing its own munitions. Powder-mills probably also exist ; but in both these cases the question occurs as to where the material for the manufacture is to come from. A small supply of iron is to be obtained by recasting our shot and the pieces of shell ; but probably a great part of the former goes into the harbour, and tho supply is too small and precarious for it to be believed that a Govern ment like the Eussian would depend on it. It seems more probable that an organized system of transport 'feeds Sebastopol with munitions as well as corn, and that during the summer every endeavour has been and will be made to supply the garrison with sufficient resources to stand during the winter, when the roads of the Crimea will be less capable of bearing the transport of heavy articles. — Times Correspon dent. The Peice of Defending Sebastopol. — M. Leontiewski, a Eussian prisoner in the hands of the English, says that very young men who have taken part in the nine months' defence of Sebastopol, have in that- space of time become so old, through continued ex ertion and care, that the Emperor has per mitted them to reckon every month so passed as a year of service. The kind treatment which'hs has experienced at the hands of his captors is warmly acknowledged by M. Leon tiewski. The Russian* Hospitals. — Terrible ac counts have been received at Berlin of the state of the Russian military hospitals, which are so crowded that it has been found necessary to turn away large numbers of sick and wounded. There is also a groat want of sur geons and dressers. A Russian priest has been awarded with the military order of St. George for rallying tho troops when attacked during last March, in front of the Kamtschatka Lunette. Raising a crucifix, he exclaimed, 'Lord, save thy people ! Give our orthodox monirch the vic tory over his enemies 1' And, encouraged by these words, the troops, who had been waver ing, again rushed forward, and took the first and second lines of the trenches. The Austrian troops, says a letter from Cracow of the 21st July, have been collected in two masses, one of which is stationed in Bo hemia and Moravia, and the other in Styria. The former of these divisions is thought to in dicate by its position that Austria and Russia are not yet quite at ease with one another; the latter is for reinforcing the army of Italy. As for the apparent menacing of Russia, may not this be a 'feint' for the purpose of de ceiving the allies ? — Leader. Lazixess ok the Turks. — It is a singular thing that the Turks do not take any share in actual siege operations, and are now amusing themselves with the playful work of foraging, or actually sitting in indolence for hours toge'h t, following the shadows of their tents as they move from west to cast, smoking sto lidlr, or grinning at the antics of some mounte bank comrade. Omar Pasha moves here and there without object, merely that his armymay seem to be employed ; but its actual services are of little importance. It is said thit an agreement was made between the allbd Gene rals and the Porte that the Turks were to take no part in the siege. But why not ? And can such an arrangement be binding when the pub lic good demands a different course ?— Times Correspondent. Sib George Brows ox the Composition of the British Army. — An address of con gratulation to General Sir G. Brown, which was presented to him by the inhabitants of Leamington, where he has taken up his resi dence, elicitei from the gallant officer a reply in tho cou-83 of which he said: — 'With re spect to the army, I may safely assert that its conduct has been beyond all praise, and that at no period in the history of this country has the nation had more reason to be proud of the conduct of its troap3. I speak not of the sol diers alone, but indude with them the officers by whom they have been led. For the army are indignant at the attempts that have been made by an unscrupulous portion of the press in this country to villify their officers, and to separate their interests 'from their own. It is a mistake and a misrepresentation to assert that the officers of the army are generally and habi tually inattentive to their duty, or that the condition of the troops would $e imj.Toved by having a larger portion of them drawn from the ranks ; for it is precisely because they are gen tlemen that the men are so much attached^ to them. Although, therefore, far from meaning to speak in disparagement of individuals who may have raised themselves by their own merits, many of whom I know to be in the highest degree respectable, I as sert that the military service of this country would be less popular, and discipline would not bo so well maintained, if the majority of the officers were of this description. Look at the proportion borne by the officers to the men in the returns of killed and wounded, in all the actions that have taken place. It is always nearly double what it ought to ba. Look at tli» TAiTr ln«f. BflfaiV that of the 18th of June, upon which we find a list of 93 officers to some 1,300 men; the number which would have answered for 3,000 men. And why is this ? Because the officers, being English gentlemen, are accustomed to set an example to them, and the men, although ready to follow, always ex pect to be led. Depend upon it, the less they interfere with the constitution of the British army, the better it will be for the troops as well as for the country, and I myself have always considered it a subject of regret that the com mittee of enquiry which has been lately sitting, instead of examining witnesses who were not in a position to know much of what thsy were questioned about, had not sent to Paris, op brought over some French officers who had associated with the English troops; they would have found that our allies have formed a very different estimate of the merits of our troop3 than that wbich has bsen formed by some of their owncountrymen.' 'How the Wab came ABOTTT.—TheEmperor of Russia had come to be looked upon as the grcat conservator of order on the Continent. The timid German prince3 saw in him the. only- refuge, on. which tb.3y could securely reckon, from fae contempt or the indignation of their own subjects. The instructors of the popular mind in Germany werejeithtr. _de bauched by Eussian flattery and Eussim gold, or,.by the countenance th?y had lent to the foolish involutions of the last six years, had lost their authority with.- all rational friends of liberty^ .France, just emerged from a; crisis -which menaced her existence, could not be expected to incur the risks of a war to maintain the balance of power. England^ in the full flush of an unparalleled prosperity, with her army and navy reduced, and her statesmen urging still further reductions— with one class of fanatics publicly asserting that national independence was not worth preserving at the cost of armaments, and another proclaiming^ that non- resistance to an invader was a Chris tian duty — would she rouse herself to save 'the sick man?' While such mountebanks were listened to day after day without rebuke, could any other inference be drawn than one — that the British spirit had fled for ever, and that any excuse would be accepted by the national conscience rather than hazard the diminution of material prosperity, and of the sensuous enjoyments which follow in its train? No ! That the English nation was 'too much vulgarized to make war with honour''!'was a phrase which expressed the not unreasonable conviction of the late Czar ; and Englishmen have only themselves to thank for it. There was, indeed, one Sovereign in Europe whose long acquaintance with our habits had taught him that the noisy quackery which is so often rife extends no deeper than the surface, and that the heart of the nation is as sound as ever it was. But that Sovereign had learnt wisdom by the stern discipline of adversity — a discipline which was denied to the Emperor of All the Russias, the spoilt child of fortune. Heir of the policy of Peter and Catherine, like the ancient King of Lydia, his wishes allowed him to put but one interpretation on the oracle which the signs of the times furnished. He passed the fatal river to pull down a great em pire. — Times. LOXG-CHERISHED NATAL EXTEAVAGAXCES. — Does not common sense — the common sense that governs the world — common sense that makes the conqueror — common sense that gives life to men and nations — does not that sacred gift itself tell us that now is the time to stop building these long-chrishecl extravagances? [theMarlboroughs, Wellingtons, Prince Alberts, men-of-war.] Granting that they have their use. and that it is still necessary to assert the lomunon of the ocean, have we not enough of :hem for the purpose ? Have we not four, or ;ven ten times enough, to dispose of the Rus sian fleet, if it should ever show itself? Of course, if we could do everything we might as well do everything. But we cannot do every thing. In sober truth, we want craft for the ' fringe' — that which is neither sea nor land. We want a whole fleet of gunboats, and other ipparatus, directly suited to tho work to bo done. Rich as we fancy ourselves, we want ' small change ' in our fleet. We cannot do both together; we may, perhaps, have the money ; we mar, perhaps, have the material, but we have not the men. The naval strength of the countryis absorbed, shipwrecked, in these enormous vessels, which only ride amid seas, and meet no foe but the elements. Such a sliip as that which refused to be launched yesterday requires a crew equal to all the adult popula tion of a considerable town, and costs the maintenance of a town. Imprison a thousand or twelve hundred men in a floating castle, and at the end of the year they will not have done anything iu this war worth their salt. Set them free, and distribute them in a flotilla of gunboats, and they may do something. Why, on Sir Charles Napier's authority, it takes a couple of seasons t:- teach a fleet the very first elements of naval warfare, such as the use of signals. If it's the Atlantic that is in question, well and good ; let us have fleets to cover it, and signal across from Gibraltar to the Gulf of Mexico. Let us have ships that the At lantic itself may be proud to bear. But it is not the Atlantic, it is not the Mediterranean, it is hardly even the Baltic or the Black Sea that is the arena of this struggle. The quarrel is to be fought out in havens, and creeks, and narrow winding channels, in rock-strewn pools, and tideless shallows. Stop every big ship ; set free every ship-carpenter, every smith, every forge, every furnace in the Queen's dock yards, or in any workshop now employed by her. Transfer 'them at once to that smaller craft without which it is qui'e evident we can not undertake offensive operations — that is to say, without which we cannot carry on the war. We fear it is too late to expect anything this year. Uext year let tis meet Eussia ou her own amphibious domain. We cannot doubt the final issue of the struggle ; only let us not be our own worst enemies, by wasting out strength and diverting all our resources in unprofitable demonstrations. — Times. Hanover. — The recent change of Ministry in Hanover has arisen out of the struggle that has now been going on for some years between the reactionary aristocratical party and the re presentatives of the people ; the object of that struggle being the liberal constitution extorted bv the masses in 1818, and which the Diet now seeks to abrogate altogether, after a great many vexatious attempts to modify it in the spirit of oligarchy. The now Ministry is said to be still more inclined to a reactionary policy than the one just dismissed ; and the King, who is to be its president, is greatly inclined to abet it in any fresh assault upon the rights of the de mocracy. Loss op Antiquities foe the French National Museum. — Letters from the East intimate that the greater part of the collection of antiquities made by M. Place aud M. Fresnel, at Babylon, have been lost just above the con fluence' of the Euphrates and the Tigris. The advices state that they were several ieefc under the alluvial soil, into which they had sunk in four fathoms water. Mr. Holland, command ing the Hon. East India Company's steam ship Comet, repaired to the spot, sent down divcr3, and used every exertion to recover them, but without success. Of the whole of this magnificent collection only two raft3, con taining fifteen sculptured figures, and one large bull, reached Bussorah in safety. There are at present in Germany 165 theatres, the [personnel of which amounts to 14,050 individuals. A Singular Lightning Stroke at Bir mingham. — If last season was remarkable from want of thunderstorms, the presently is equally remarkable from their number and intensity. A strange incident occurred during the great thunderstorm which recently passed over Birmingham. The workmen employed on the Independent College, in course of erection on Moseley Common, near the Stratford-road, took shelter in a couple of wooden sheds, thirty or forty yards from the building, and from each other. One of these is used for the workmeu's tools, and in it some thirty bricklayers took refuge. Separated from the tool-house by a wooden partition is the builder's office, in which was Mr. Beeson, the clerk of the works. The other shed was occupied by twenty stonemasons. They were not many minutes sheltered when a lightning flash prostrated to the earth the whole party of fifty. A noise like the crack of a percussion cap (the well-known sound of the electric force in action) preceded, the peal of thunder. Two or three minutes elapsed before any of the party were able to rise, and one, the foreman of the bricklayers, remained quite unconscious for upwards of a quarter of an hour. A sensation as of scalding led to the discovery that their bodies were more or less blistered, several being nearly covered with watery patches, varying in size from a hand's breadth downwards. The stonemasons do not appear to have been visited so severely, as none of them were blistered. The lightning descen ded a scaffolding-pole at the corner of the building nearest the sheds, scooping out its substance, from top to bottom, as cleanly as if it had been the work of a gouge or chisel, burning the ropes by which four ranges of scaffolding were tied, and chipping a heap of bricks below a3 if with hammers. Mortality amongst the ' Cheap' News papers. — Already have ten of these puling bantlings been deposited in an early grave. First went the Manchester Halfpenny Express, then followed th« P/-nnu Exnress. in the same enterprising city. A twopenny abortion, wbich made its appearance in Liverpool, under the title of the Guardian, gave up the ghost after spasmodically drawing breath twice or thrice. The Leeds and Yorkshire Daily Express expired at the conclusion of a lingering illness ; yet its whole tenure of life was but of 14 days' duration. The ITetccastle Courier and the Devonshire Post have followed the same ex ample. The usual caution of our Scotch brethren seems to have forsaken them in regard to cheap newspapers, and they, too, have begun to show symptoms of decay. The Glasgow Daily Times and the Ghtsgoa Free Churclt man have both expired of inanition. In Ire land the mania seems to have spread with equal rapidity, and to have met with a similar fiite; the Limerick' Daily Time* and the Clonmel Daily Chronicle having already disappzared. Ths Derry Sentinel and the Stirling Observer, having each essayed a double trial of their readers' patience,' by publishing twicj instead of once a week, have drawn in their horns, and each retired into its weekly shell. The: Irish organ, with charac teristic frankness, states its reason for abjuring' the new newspaper faith, in the following sensible admission. o£ its error :—' We; found that the mercantile class were opposed to ad-; rertising more :than once a week; (and as success principally depended,; on the increase oradyertisements, it would be fruitless 'tbjCon tinue publishing twice weekly under such cir cumstanees.' ^iVumbers of others, it.iswell known, have already received sucli. damage to? their sickly constitutions, a3r to render ittim-1 possible that they can /long &nrrives;*-J&ridged;) from the Liverpool Standard.' , -''„ '? 