TI-IE UNFULFILLED PREDICTIONS. ( From the Examiner, March 17 th. ) Our readers will not soon forget that the 1 world was recently well nigh brought to' an untimely end by a collision between Beakdom and Bumbledom, or a clash between the Coroner's: jurisdiction and the nolice. Cominer events cast their shadows before them, and this conflict expressly 'prefigured tho struggle between the Legislative aud Executive bodies upon the question of iuquiry into Crimean management. Mr Roebuck, insisting on an inquest on the body of the army, was tho Wakley of the situation ; Lord Aberdeen and tho seceders, tho polico. Beakdom was on this occasion most vociferous. What woes it predicted, what convulsions, what disrup tions. Tne committee room No. 17 was to bo Pandora's box, without the hope at the bot tom. Swift's spider thus forcibly describes her feelings when she saw the housemaid approach her web with that infernal instrument of de struction called a broom, ' I thought heaven and earth were coming together 1 ' Aud certainly the seceders had some reason for holding the same opinion, considering that the mere whiff and wind of Mr Roebuck's motion had bis mi a Cabinet to pieces, and swept men of their strength away like autumn leaves before the wind. How then could tho country, how could the constitution, how could the alliance, how could tho war abroad, or the peace at home, stand the shock of this tremendous inquiry ? Who could say whero it would stop ? who could say what it would not involve? It was the Blue Chamber of Bluebeard, and the fair Fatima was Roebuck. There runs a story that the Speaker hav ing threatened to name a member who had persisted in some breach of order, was after wards requested by the offender to explain ? what would have befallen him if the dread menaco had been carried into execution. The Speaker's answer, with all due expression of awe, was, ' the Lord only knows what !' And this same great indefinite what not awaited the colony. Yet here we aro. England stands where it did. The constitutiou is not a jot more ruined than usual, or than is good for it. Truly says the proverb, 'threatened men live long.' The inquiry goes 011, and with no present prospect of bringing anything to an end but a multitude of fooleries and mischievous pedantries. Whatever evil was in it was expended as it were in its first breath, which puffed four of our stoutest and best from their seats of office. It was a squall soon over. Yet there are some who have still misgivings that the present calm is treacherous, and that there will be more tumbling out somewhere before the play is played out. The Italians have a story of a merchant ^liose ship, laden with figs, petished ina white squall. Having swam ashore, the man, bereft of his all, surveying tho sea, once more unruffled, and smiling under a bright sun, doubled his fist, and shaking it at the de stroyer, cried, 'All 1 hang you, you put on your tempting looks again, so you want more figs, do you, odd rot you.' And there are persons who, looking with an evil eye at the enquiry, think that, notwith standing all its present smoothness, it wants more figs, more castaway Gladstones and Grahams. It was but tho other day that we read of a woman frightened to death by a ghost, which case most closely resembles the sad example ef the statesmen frightened out of their wits, and what is worse, out of tlieir places, by a bugaboo of their own dressing up. But ivlio'a afraid now, in tho broad daylight of the inves tigation ? The Times observes that the disparaging comment upon the disclosures now is, ' Thia is not new.' But it is to be remembered that , the previous strictures on the newspaper ac counts had been, ' This is not true.'' So to day the facts are treated as trite and hacknied which yesterday were denied as false, or charged with enormous exaggeration. Thus it is that any stick is good enough to beat a dog, ancj what was branded as a lie at ono time is a stale truth when established. The evidence loses none of its interest and force as it ad vnncos, and it brings before us tho acts of mon, to call whom mad would be to dignify their aberrations, but more correctly to bd ^scribed by tbe Swtti} WW-J frtam 