COMJIEROIAL AFFAIRS IN SYDNEY. We are happy to confirm the impression, sup ported by this journal during the last two months, that the commercial prospects of the colony are improving, that conGilence is restored, and that an ^increasing disposition is manifested to trust the future. Perhaps three months ago the change realises! could not hare heen safely pre dicted. The industrious circulation of rumors affecting the credit of several commercial houses had gained too much ascendancy in the public mind. Various causes had induced the- banks to contract their discounts, and it is not neces sary to say how largely this must have influ enced the operations of trade. Not that we have any complaints to prefer against our mone tary establishments. Speaking generally, those 'who manage them aro naturally carried away to some extent at least, by the gales of pros perity which, however real, for the most part, must be necessarily accompanied with some dangerous attendants. When the time of reverse approaches, the banks are the first to feel the alarm, and the exact medium between a safe liberality and a dangerous indulgence is extremely hard to find. The pressure of a monetary difficulty, however, soon reveals the unsouud parts of the commercial system. The process of purgation goes on rapidly, and those who can stand their ground are soon assisted by the return of capital into the coffers of the banker, who, knowing his customers better after the strain and trial, is better prepared to support them. We have had some heavy insol vencies/ but. we are not aware of one that has riot been long expected, unless those dependant on foreign firms. The whole are nothing com pared with the amount of business, and there is a strong impression that they will not be very greatly extended. The present prospects of the colony are there fore daily brightening. The wool is said to have been prepared for shipment with unusual care ; the tonnage to convey it to Europe is larger than in any former year ; the price of the last sales have equalled expectation; the herbage of the interior has been refreshed by copious showers ; a large return maybe expected from, the export of stock ; the harvest has proved fair, and in many places abundant ; every thing has favored the recovery of the colony. The gold exported from Port Philip (amounting to dei4,000,000,) has freely circulated amongst us. The heavy stocks, both of hard and soft goods, are far more saleable, and prices are said to be looking up. Thus, the expectations of a prosperous year are founded upon a reasonable basis. The rents of buildings are yet too high, and a considerable number of persons are seeking employment in a country where learning is not always better than lauds. The high price of provisions has pressed with great severity upon multitudes. Our agriculturists suffered from bad harvests last year, and thus were unable to visit the stores of the interior. Instead of con tracting new debts, they were obliged to ask indulgence for the old. Many of the v/orking classes during a part of the year have been obliged to expend almost all their earnings in the purchase of food, so largely imported from countries which receive nothing but gold and silver in exchange. How great, then, will be the impression upon tratle and the general pros perity of the country, and how largely will be the comforts of the working classes augmented, should the grain and fruits of New South Wales be equal to its consumption. — Morning Herald. - - Mrs Charles Young. Miss Herbert's Bertha would havo been bettor if it hud been less Btudied and artificial; nnd Mr Hill was alto gether too large for our old friend Tilly Slow boy. Mr Murray's Taoldcton was a careful pieco of acting; and Mr Leslie rendered the character of Caleb Pluramcr feelingly and well, But it was evident that the uiulienco had cotnu to sec the Pantomime only, and hence the first piece was patiently listened to but not per i'cctly appreciated. Its pathetic character, however, heightened, by the forco of contrast, the enjoyment of the fun which followed. After the usual medley overture, prescribed by immemoiial custom on all such occasions, the curtain rose on the subterranean abode of Malachite, tho copper Gnome, wlicre various representatives of the copper coinage are engaged in convivialities which aro seasoned with local jokes, firod oil in couplets and paro dies on popular songs. Malachite (Mr B. Younge) invokes tho presence of Penny-piece (MrR.M'Gowan), whom ho sondson an embassy of love to Silver Sixpence (Mrs Hill). In Scene 2, which is laid in South Australia, Master Shilling (Mr Hill), after a soliloquy d la Noiyal encounters Quicksilver (Mr Webster), with whom ho makes an appointment to moot in front of Half-crown Cottage, which, with its silver lake, forms tho next scene, and constitutes a very pretty set. On their arrival ? here, they serenade Miss Silver sixpcni'.o . (Mrs Hill) and a loving dialogue between the Shilling and Sixpence is interrupted by tho arrival of Penny-piece, who prefers his suit and is rejected : wlieieupou he attempts an abduction, but tho arrival of the Fairy Queen of Diamonds (Miss Matthews) in an elegant little barque prevents tho execution of his evil purpose. The scene then changes to a rocky gorge, where Malachite, Penny piece, and Sal phurot (Mr Murray) while away a necessary or unnecessary interval by singing a catch. Wo aro next introduced to the golden palaco of Auriferosa (Miss Herbert), to whose decision the rival claimants refer their differences. At this stage the pantomimic .changes take place and Harlequin (Mr Nunn), Coluvnbino (Mrs MeGnwan), Clown (Mr C. Young), Pantaloon (Mr P. Dherang), and Sprite (Mr C. Dherang), commence their career of fan, frolic, and mis chie/. Si-ene the Sixth shows us the Treasury in William street, where the unfortunate sentry, a peripatetic piemtin, sundry newsboys, tho Town Clerk (who is summarily deprived of his Cor poration), a juvenile representative of Melbourne Punch, successively sutler from the malpractices of tho clown, who is put into a mortar and fired into a singe box. A gentleman remonstrates at the intrusion, and he is flung on tho stage, but ascends suddenly in the air. In Scene Ihc Seventh the Haunted Chamber; after a clever Scotch lilt, by Harlequin and Columbine, Clown and Puntnloon retire to rest, but are disturbod by the jangling of bells, nmses, and intrusions innumerable, tha bed posts and the clock became locomotive ghosts of the most elevated character, and the scene changes amidst roars of laughter to tho exterior of a letter-maker's shop, before which a number of time-honored pantomimic incidents occur, and after a general melee, we are brought to the exterior of the Exhibition BuilJing, tho open space in front of which becomes the scene of a capital burlesque cavalry review and a general engagement, which brought down tho house. The next change to the interior of the Ex hibition building, during a fancy ball, was greeted with a round of applause ; and a small group symbolical of the alliance between England, Franco, and Turkey, introduced some excellent juvenile dancing. Cobb's Coach Office farmed tho subject of . scene 10, and Bourke street being invaded by Clown and his friends, becomes very disorderly in consequence. New chums, Diggers, and Gold brokers, nro turned to pantomimic ac count, and magic changes arc effected worthy of Jacobs and his sprite Scene the ilth introduces, us to Mount Misery.a dark preli minary to a magnificent ..closing scene,' which certainly is superior in scenic effect and splen dor to any thing that has yet been p.it upon the colonial stage. Wo have only timo and space to add, that the cu-tiin fell amidst loud and gf noral demonstrations of applause. 