TO THE EDITOR OF TIIE I.AUNCESTON EXAMINERI. aon TON ow noLIc. lIr. Editor,-- lerited censure is, in itself, suirliently hurtful to the feelings of those who deserve it. Mlen guilty of discreditable acts feel keenly the public exposition of their mis.doingi, and invariably eschew a repetition of them as much for the preservation of their reputation as for tilhe sake of retaining the situations they fill; the duties of which, in some Instances, through ignorance, and in'others through wan. tonness, lead them to the commission of Irregu larities punishable by the law. IRecent numbers of the Cornwall Chronicle have contained some serious charges against the police constables stationed at George Town, -charges which if true should lead to an im mediate investigation of the matter, and if borne out, an equally immediate dismissal should be visited on the heads of the parties so accused. IThis would be no more than the exercise of justice. lBut before proceeding further, Sir, I would ask, can it be true that the respectable inhabil tants of George Town are subjected to tie gross indignities-the unparalleled and unpardonable insults averred by your contemporary? Is it possible? Is it feasible? Is it within the com pass of reason to suppose that tile most re spectable portion of the inhabitants of that towshilp are compelled to carry firearms to protect themselves from the aggression and in suits of the peace conservators stationed there? ''o me, and to persons I have conversed with on the subject, the idea is too ludicrous and pantomireic to be entertained for one moment. Not so, however, with persons resident in the sister colonies, and on this ground I speak, not ats the vindicator of any police in the pursuance of evil under the garb of their oRice, but as one deutriousofremoving from the minds of in. tending emigrants to Van Diemen's Land the ',police bogie" conjured up through the Chronicle, and which apparition-for ghost it only Is-appears to hunt with avidity and terrify amazingly its correspondent. 'Speaking from experience, Sir, I can aver with truthfuluess that 1 have visited and resided at George Town on several occasions, but never experlenced any tmolestation from 'the police, and, consequently, it appears to me as passing strange that they should, allow a- stranger to escape their heands, and select men of standing, persons of position among their own commu nity, to oiter up as victims to their evil doings. But good Samaritans, I never gave them oc casionr. In contra-disctnction to what 1 have amlrmed, 1 know many persons will say- Ott, but Squire Gardner has written about them, and censures their conduct severely, and intends to bring in a measure ennouernug them when the council sital' In reply to this I say-For shame, Mr. Gardner, you as a magistrate and a frequent resident at George 'Town should have checked the abuse. The power was vested in you, and you should have exercised it. Did you or did'yo not? Did you consult with the police magistrate, Mlr. Stuart, to remove the evil, or did you take your cue from the Chronicle and resort to bowie knives and Colt's revolvers? 'Tell the public whether you tried to reform the police, and if you did, why did you not mention that fact in your letter to the Chronicle ? If you pursued the course I refer to, surely blame must attach itself to Alr. Stuart who has control of tihe police department at George Town, seeing that the necessary Im. provement has not yet, according to your own shewuinrg, been etiected In the corps. M.r. Examiner, justice demands that some enquiry should be made concerning the George TIown police. It is appalling to think that statements should gu.Jriirth to the world that the Inhabitants of the oldest town on' the southern side of tile Island are compelled 'to carry fire-arms to protect them from police aggression, particularly when such statement is;to acertuin exlent, corroborated by tile printed lesll. mne) ofa justice of the peace and a member'of the legislative council. If the George' Town police are in the disorganised state they are re ported to be, the sooner a change is aliected the better for all parties. But if on due enquiry, it is ascertained that they iaru:: hitherto con. ducted them?elves with, becoming deportment, let the lies circulated relative to them be placed at the door of the perpetrators of them, anld let them be discreditled evermore, To give' public satlsfactlon, and to ensuro confidenco from our nclghbrrs, a searching and oficiol enquiry should be made into tie state of the George Town police. Your's obedlently, A CASUAr. Vialroe AT G?onors Town noay 7. 