THE STORY OF THE CAMPAIGN. Written in a Tent in tfie Crimea. ^Kntinuod from our last.) The First Division, consisting of the Guards and Highlanders, and two Held batteries, was now encamped atGovreckler, a dreary common on the heights to the right of the Shumla road going from Varna. The soil was stony, covered with short wiry grass, -such as 'geese feed on in England ; ' trees were thinly sprinkled round the borders of the desolate plain. Going out of the camp in any direction, however, the prospect speedily became more smiling. Woods of low coppice ap peared, having in the intervals vust corn fields, spreading sometimes for miles in every direction. These were laid out in patches of wheat, oats, and barley, gulden ; with ripeness, and of tall guinea-grass of deepest green. Amid the crops occa sionally spraug up groups of trees of maturer growth than those in the. sur rounding woods. Bulgarian peasants, in parties generally consisting each of a man and two women, or young girls, were reaping in the patches of corn ; their left hands, which grasped the stalks, being defended from the sickle by part of a ' bullock's horn pushed over the fingers. Quail were tolerably plentiful in these fields ; and parties of sportsmen might be seen in all directions, who, taking soldiers for beaters in the absence of dogs, ad vanced in line across the fields. A party of three Generally averaged about teu brace of quail and two or three hares in an afternoon. Crossing tbe common from Gevreckler, over patches of thistles and ploughed kind, the position of the Second Division was reached, commanding a spreading and magnificent prospect. Distant passes near Shumla could be dis cerned—great woody bills of graceful form undulated in tumbled confusion through the valleys — and on the south was seen the blue outline of the Balkan range. Such was the brighter side o£ the picture, affording a temporary respite from the gloomy scenes which awaited us in camp. Accounts of friends, last seen in health, suddenly struck dowu with disease, and then reported dead — cries from the hospital tents of men in the agonies of cramps — silent groups of five or six digging, on the outskirts of the camp, receptacles for those who, the rigid outline of their featureB and feet showing through the blanket-shroud, were presently borne past, followed by the officer who was 10 read the funeral service — sales of the clothes, camp-equipage, and horses of those who died yesterday, — such were the dismal eights and sounds that spread a gloom over the army, and doubled its impatience for action. On that melancholy plain the Guards alone left seventy-two craves, many of which contained a double tenant Besides the fatal cases, sickness of milder though similar type wa-s almost universal ; and it is scarcely exaggerating to state, that not more than a tenth of the army remained in average health. CHAPTER II. — THE MOVEMENT TO THE CRIMEA. At length came the wished-for order _ fur embarkation, and the FirBl Division ' moved, on the 23rd August, towards the sea, the men so enfeebled that their knap sacks were carried on pack-horses during c.-cn a short march of five or six miles, aac' lamentably different in appearance fr -i the splendid regiments who had ..:?? rched past the Sultan on the plains of -?: .lari at the end of May. At the close of the first day's inarch, the artillery of this division halted at the base of the hills, near a Turkish village, so picturesque as to be worth describing. Its streets wore green lanes, bordered by hedgerows of fine trees ; on each side of the lanes were gardens, and each garden contained a mud-walled house, with thatched roof, having a farmyard attached to it, one of the invariable features of which was a great, white-washed, dome-shaped, clay oven. These lanes had a common centre in a'sort of village green, but I did not observe any sports going on there ; all the inhabitants seemed sedate and apathetic, except the girls at the fountains, who tittered and whispered as the martial strangers passed by, much as young female villagers of any other nation might have ? done. In a stackyard an old peasant, seated in a kind of sledge, with a little girl standing up beside Idm, was being dragged round and round by oxen, over loosened sheaves of corn. This was a luxurious mode of thrashing. The oxen, according to the Scriptural precept, were unmuzzled and occasionally stooped for a mouthful. Milk, fowls, and fruit, were brought from here to the tents for sale, though at other villages the inhabitants had kept carefully aloof. Probably they were now begin ning to discover that we were not robbers. The portions of the English army, as they embarked, sailed at once fur Balchick Bay, where the greater part of the Allied fleet lay. Thither the cholera still pursued us, and every day boats might be seen leaving ships, towing a boat . astern, wherein was a long motionless object covered by a flag. After a time the corpses, 'sewed in blankets or ham mocks, and swollen to giant size, rose to the surface and floated upright among the ships, their feet being kept down by the shot used to sink them. One of these hideous visitants lingered about the foot of the accommodation ladder of one of the transports, till men -going down tbe side passed cordB with weights attached over its neck, when it slowly sank. Gevrecklor common was scarcely more depress ' iug to the men wan the bay at Balchick. . 3?ftrt of the French army marched from Varna to Balchick, defiling along the hills above the beach, and embarking from their encampment. Day after day our own transports cams up with troops, and the Turkish squadron, wilh the Ottoman por tion of the Allied army, also joined us. When all were assembled, wo were still kept waiting by an adverse wind, against, which the steamers could not liavo towed us. At length, on Thursdny the 7th Sep- tember, we sailed with fine weather, and, when under way, arranged ourselves, according to order, in six columns, a divi sion in each. The Light Division, which was next the shore, was distinguished by a blue and white chequered flag ; the First Division, blu'o ; the Second, while j the Third, red ; the Fourth, while and red ; the cavalry blue and red. Each j steamer towed two transports— the men- , of-war stationed themselves ahead aud on our flanks — the French fleet was on our . right, . Most of the transports were East | Indiamen of the largest class, equalling in | size the frigates 'of the last war ; the steamers wore among the finest in the world ; and though more numerous invad ing Armies have traversed the Euxine, yet so complete and imposing an armament never before moved on the waters of any sea. On the 9th we were signalled ' Rendezvous 1 4,' which meant ' forty I miles west of Cape Tarkan ;' and, on comipg up with the ships ahead of us, at 6 p. m. we received the order to anchor. We remained at auchor the whole of Sun day the 10th, while Lord Raglan, whose head-quarters were in the Caradoc, escorted by the Agamemnon, reconnoitred the coast .The day being fine, and tl e water smooth, boats were hoisted out and visits paid to other vessels, some of which had suffered much from cholera. The delay was disagreeable and unex pected, as we had all calculated on landing in the Crimea on Sunday morning. Starting at noon on the 11th, we were signalled from the Emperor ' Rendezvous No. 2,' which meant ' thirty miles west of Uebastopol ;' and at sunset ' Ren dezvous 13,' which meant ' Eupatoria.' Squalls came on in the night, aud our tow ropes parted ; the Kangaroo, which towed us, ran into the Hydaspes, and lost her bow sprit. In the morning of the 12th we were sailing far from any of the other ships, which appeared in different groups around us. Land had been sighted at dawn, and before breakfast we saw Cape Tarkan in the distance. On the previous day, the French, who had fallen astern, came in sight j but on the 12th none were visible all the morning, anywhere in the horizon. On the night of the 12th, signal was made to anchor in the prescribed order. Wa had Eupatoria point on our right ; the coast-line in front was low, sandy, and perfectly open ; a few white houses, with stacks close to them, were scattered along the plain. On the 13th we were not under way till long after sunrise, when the columns, wheeling to the right, stood along down the coast, and parallel to it, and the signal was made to prepare for binding. At half-past eleven we were nearly off Eupatoria point, and we anchored for the night, while the place was taken possession of without opposition. On the 14th we were taken in tow, and moved off at half-past two in the morning. There was a splendid sun-rise. We kept near the shore ; and anchoring about twelve miles below Eupatorin, the disembarkation commenced at about 10 o'clock. Some French troops were already on shore, about two miles farther down the coast, when we began to land. The English disembarked on a narrow strip of sandy beach, having a lake on its other side. In front was a steep cliff, with only one path down, which led to the point of disembarkaliau. At the top of tho cliff extensive plains spread all round to the horizon and the sea. Two or three Cossacks with long lances appeared on the cliff, who, as our skirmishers mounted the hill, galloped away, and tho troops con tinued to land without molestation. During the morning some firing was heard down the coast, w hich proceeded from the Furious, Vesuvius, and some French steamers, who, seeing a Russian camp, with about two thousand soldiers drawn up before it, fired shells at long range, and struck and dispersed their columns, and afterwards s:ut some others among the horses and tents. In the afternoon it rained, and a swell arose along tho coast, which continued to increase. At night {lie rain came down in torrents, and the troops on tho beach wore drenched, Bad as their situttion was, I envied it. At eight in the evening I had left the, transport with another officer in a man-of-war's boat, which, assisted by two others, towed astern a large raft, formed by two clumsy boats boarded over, on which were two guns, with their detachment of artillerymen, and some horses — two of my own among them. The swell from the sea was now considerable, and made the towing ol the raft a work of great labour. As we ap proached the shore, a horse swam past us, snorting, and surrountcd by phosphorescent light, as he splashed rapidly by. He had gone overboard from a raft which had upset in attempting to land. The surf was dashing very heavily on the Baud, though it was too dark to see it. Fires made of broken boats and rafts were lit along the beach, and a voice hailed us authoritatively to pnt back and not attempt to land, or we Bhould go to pieces. Unwillingly the weary oarsmen turned from the shore. Tho swell was increasing every moment, and the raft getting more and more unman ageable. Sometimes it seemed to pull us back, sou'itimes it made a plunge forward, and even struck our. stern,' while tho rain poured down wilh extraordinary violence. It was a long time before we reached the nearest ships, which were tossing on the swell, 'and not easily to be approached. The first we hailed had already a horse boat alongside, with Lord Raglan's horses, I and needed assistance, and two or three others which wo passed were unable to help us. By this time tho raft was fast, filling wilh water, and the men on it much alarmed j and our prpgress was so slow that we took at least ton minutes pulling from the stern to the stem of the Agamemnuu. A t length a ropo was thrown us from a transport near, whose bows were rising on the swell like a rearing horse ; and, getting tbe artillerymen who were on board her out of bod, we hoisted in our horses and guns ; but tho gun-carriages, too heavy for our small number of hands, were lashed down to the raft, which was allowed to tow astern of the ship, and which pre sently sank till tho water was up to the axles, when the Agamemnon sent a party and hoisted them on board, and the raft shortly went to pieces. A horse, which had been swimming about for two hours, was also got safely on board. It- was a grey, said afterwards to have been given by Ouier Pasha to Lord Raglan. The next morning the surf abated, and we were all landed without accident, as were a grrcat many other guns and horses, under the superintendence of Captain Dacres of the SanejmrcH, who was indefatigable in carrying out tho arrange ments of Sir Edmund Lyons, and who was warmly thanked by Lord Raglan for his exertions. Ascending from the beach to the level *f the common, we saw the Allied army spread along the plains in front, tho French on the right Plenty of country waggons full of forage, driven by peasants in fur capB, with their trousers stuffed into their boots, were ranged along side of the artillery oamp ; some drawn by oxen, some by large two-humped camels. The army being thus landed, it will be well to describe shortly its composition and material. A division of infantry, under Major General Cathcart, had joined from Eng land just before we sailed from Varna. The English army in tho Crimea then con sisted of four divisions of infantry, each division consisting of two brigades, each brigade of three regiments. To each divi sion of infantry was attached a division of artillery, consisting of two fieldbat teries, each battery of four 9 pounder guns, and two 24-pounder howitzers. Tho brigade of light cavalry was also embarked, the heavy brigade reraalnins; at Varna. With the cavalry was a 6-pounder troop of horse-artillery. In all, the British mustered 26,000 men and 54 guns ; the French - 24,000 men, and, I believe, about 70 guns ; the Turks 4500 men, with neither cavalry nor guns. The food supplied to the English troops by the commissariat, was of very good quality. A ration for an officer or soldier was 1 1b. of meat, 1 lb. of bread, 2 oz. of rice, lj oz. of sugar, 1 oz. of coffee, aud half a gill of rum, for which 4Jd. was paid. The ration of meat was at one time increased to 1J lb. ; but when provisions became scarcer this was dis continued. The ration of a cavalry, arli'lery, or staff horse, was 10 lbs. of corn and 12 lbs. of hay or straw ; for a baggage animal, 8 lbs. of corn. A numbar of carts of a peculiar con struction had been provided at Woolwich, to contain small-arm ammunition* in reservii for the infantry. These, being found too heavy, were left at Varna, and the cartridges, packed in boxes or barrels, were carried on pack- horses, a great number of which had been purchased for the British government at Tunis, Syria, and Turkey. An ambulance corps, pro vided with light spring- waggons, contain ing layers of stretchers and seats for the sick and wounded, was also left behind ; and disabled men were cither carried on stretchers by hand, or in arabas, the common carts of Turkey aud tho Crimea. - CHATTER m. ? FIRST OPERATIONS IN THE CRIMEA.. The campaign thus begun differed from all campaigns with which tho reader has hitherto made himself acquainted, in soul: essential particulars. According to the practice of war up to tho present time, it was.' necessary (or an invading army, on first entering an enemy's territory, to secure one or more defensible posts as depots, from whence to draw supplies, to form hospitals, and as points to retreat upon in case of disaster. As the army advanced from these points, tho line of communication grew more assailable, and it became necessary cither to leave a moveable force to keep the road open, or to secure and garrison some other strong points on the lino of march, from whence to oppose any attempt tho enemy might make to throw himself on the line of communication. In advancing, it was also impossible to disregard any fortress or body of troops of the enemy stationed on the flank. The former must be besieged and taken, tho latter attacked ad routed ; or a strong force must be detached to hold cither in check, before the advance could be continued in safety ; —and each of these necessary operations, of course, called for a certain expense of time or of material. ? According to the old conditions of war, in tbe invasion of the Crimea near Eupatoria, and the advance on Scbaslopol, the right flank of the army would be secure by resting on the sea, but the left would be totally unprotected. In the first place, tho army, after landing its stores, must have strongly intrenched and garrisoned the depot on the coast selected for them. As it advanced, the communi cation with this depot must Jiave been rendered secure, by detaching a force sufficient to repel any Russian army ap pearing on the flank of tho line of march, and strong escorts must have accompanied all convoys between tho army and the. depot. In order to leave, after these deductions, a sufficient force to carry on tho siege, the invading army must have beiiu far larger than that which the Allies possessed. It would also have been necessary to .attack the fortress on that side on which tho landing' of tho army was effected ; because, a complete invost uient being impracticable, to have passed round tho place would have been to leave the communications at the mercy of sallies from the garrison. All these considerations were obviated by tho presence ol steam. The fleet,, moving as the army moved, within sight of, and in constant communication with it, carried the supplies and received the sick and wounded ; and had the Russians, advancing from the interior in over whelming numbers, attacked the left, or threatened the rear,, the army, falling back parallel to tho coast, might have fought, and, if necessary, re-embarked, with the advantage of . an immeasurably moru powerful artillery — that of tho fleet — than the enemy could possibly have brought into the field. Thus the cal culations and provisions which so largely contributed to the difficulties of warfare, and its chances of mishap, resolved them selves into the staple measures necessary to keep the army in readiness for battle while marching on the point in view. The French, as stated, disembarked at a point about two miles lower down the coast. From thence they extended their front across the plain till their left touched the right of tho English light division, while the first division filled , up the interval between the light and second divisions and the head of the lake. On the ground thus enclosed by tho front of the army, the hike, and the sea, tbo other divisions were encamped at intervals down to the point where the disembarkation of the stores went on. In the plain, about two miles in front, might -be seen a Rus sian villa, with its outbuildings and clumps of trees. Hero was an outpost of English ri*es and French light infantry, with some artillery ; and' close to this place the light cavalry bivouacked and made daily reconnoissanccs of the surrounding coun try. In a village beyond the lake, on the left of the army, was another outpost of riflemen. The inhabitants remained in this village, and, being paid for any poultry, forage, and vegetables they might possess, freely parted with them ; and they also bought then- camels, bullocks, and arabas on hire.' The camels were especially fine animals — large, well-fed, sagacious-looking, and covered with smooth brown hair — very different from the gaunt, mangy dromedaries of Barbary. Tho indefatigable foraging of officers and men, who returned from the village at all hours laden with poultry and vegetables, very soon exhausted the scanty supply the village contained, though at first it was easy to get fowls, turkeys, geese, melons, and pumpkins. On the third 'morning, taking with me a Turkish interpreter of the division, I rode to the villago to try my fortune. Successful foragers, with strings of poultry hanging to their saddles, passed me, and assured me there was nothing eatable left. The houses were of mud, thatched, and standing within small stone-walled enclosures. The inquiries of the interpreter at the doors only elicited the assurance that the inhabitants had already parted with all they had, and that there was not a single goose, hen, or turkey left in tho place. However, I got some melons, pumpkins, and a jar of butter. On repeating the visit next day, even these were scarcely to be obtained ; and almost tho only result of the expedi tion was' a lump of fresh butter, which a woman brought me in a gourd. Looking round for something to cover it with, 1 saw a peasant beside his araba, eating a water-melon, and made signs to him that I wanted a piece of the rind. He cour teously choked himself in his haste to finish the eatable portion of the section he was occupied with, gave me what I wanted, and then, scoping out the heart of the melon, presented it to me onjjtho point of his knife. I liad not thought it possible that water-melons could be so delicious as this juicy mouthful proved then ; certainly those of the Crimea may challenge the world. In the mean time, the commissariat officers, indefatigable in their efforts, had purchased, or, where the presence of Cossacks or the absence of the owners rendered purchase impossible, had ' lifted' large droves of sheep and oxen, so that the army had daily fresh meat of good quality. Water was scarce and not good. A muddy well in the village afforded the principal supply, and over it a guard was phi cod. On the 18th, about eighty of the 11th hussars, -reconnoitring in front, were pur sued by seven troops of Cossacks, and, retiring in skirmishing order, were fired upon ; but the enemy kept too far aloof to do mischief. At midnight, on the 18th, the order was given for the army to advance on the following morning, tho necessary supplies and reserves being all landed. Accordingly, on the 19th, at about seven in the morning, the army commenced its march. The order of advance was by double columns of companies, from tho centre of divisions, tho artillery on the right of their respective divisions. The day was cloudless, and the spectacle was splendid. From any one of the numerous grassy heights produced by the undulationB of the plain, tbe whole army might be Been advancing as if at a great review : tho Turks close to the beach ; then the Krench columns ; next to them our second division, followed by the third ; and on their left the light division, fol lowed by the first and fourth. On the left of all marched the cavalry, parlies of which, as well as of the rifles aud French light infantry, were in front, ir. skirmish ing order. Close in rear of our columns came the trains of horses carrying tho reserve ammunition, tho baggage animals, the arabas with sick men and commis sariat stores, and tbe droves of oxen and sheep. There was a road along the plain, but nono was necessary ; everywhere tho ground was smooth, grassy, and totally unenclosed. Perfect silenco reigned in tho vast solitudes arouud ; no inhabitants, nor any signs of habitation, were visible ; — only, sometimes a Cossack jnight be seen perched on a distant hillock, who presently vanished like a ghost , (2b be continued.) 