OUTLINE OF SIR RICHARD MACDON NELL'S NEW CONSTiTION. A truce to the past! a glance at the present! and a peep into the future ! The people of South Australia are constitu tion-smitten, and so they have been for the last three or four years. They do not subscribe to the old fallacy, that that is the best form of Government that is best administered- They want the substance as well as the shadow The people of South Australia, too, have tried on their hands at constitution- making, but when their constitution wa» sent home for approval, it was not found to fit, and it was sent back to be altered. At this, a majority of them were stomached ; and one and all of this party de clared, that they would have no altered mis-fit; they must get rid of their representative-con3ti tion- tailors, and have a spick-and-span new one. His Excellency Sir Richard Macdonnell took the matter in hand, and cleared the board of the "snips," who had given such mortal effence. But this did not satisfy the majority. They must have the pattern of the New Constitu tion, before any other tailors were employed, and they must be satisfied that they both could and would work according to the approved pattern. Like Saul, going to the Witch of Endor, and commanding her to raise up Samuel's ghost, they went to Sir Richard Macdonnell, and insisted upon having an outline of his proposed Bill, and the moment they got what they desired to see, as Saul with Samuel's ghost, they stand aghast at it, and desire that it maybe withdrawn. The " Register," who seems to have been in the secret, complacently looked on from a distance, and pronounced it, with a drawl, " An ex-tra or-di-na-ry measure but we, who knew nothing whatever of the enchantment about to be practised, suddenly felt our ordinary respiration growing exceedingly embarrassed, and hoped to be allowed to "take breath, before we expressed any very decided opinion upon it." Our fright, however, was soon over. We took it up, and handled it, and found it very like most other official documents. If there was any dif ference, it merely lay in its not being bound up with red-tape. It was a bold strike out of the path of official routine. It was no ghost, but merely a skeleton ; and all it wanted was, flesh and blood to clothe it; sinews and muscles to give it force ; and a little breath, to put life and vigour into it. It was not a new coat made to order, such as White can turn out in such style, at his fashionable tailoring esta blishment, in King William-street; but the mere dottings, and chalk-marks, which we sometimes see scrawled over strange looking pieces of broad cloth, scattered on his counter, but of which the uninitiated can make nothing. It is, how ever, we now believe, quite susceptible of being turned into a capital fit, so that when next pro duced, we would fain hope that it will be satis factory to all parties. If not, we shall have to lick it into shape as a bear does her cubs. Be fore we reproduce this outline of Sir Richard Macdonnell's Bill, however, we must be per mitted to say, in extenuation of our chicken heartedness the other night, that it did not present itself to us until the witching hour of twal. But not to indulge farther, in what some may regard as unbecoming levity, we now give this outline# and we give it in Sir Richard's own words :— GOVERNMENT NOTICE. Government House, 17th August, 1855. His Excellency the doveraor-in-Chief being anxious to give the Electoral Constituencies the earliest infor mation in his power ns to the general outline of the New Constitution Bill, which he may feel it his duty to pro pose for consideration of the next Legislative Council, desires it to be notified that it is his present intention to propose a measure in which the) following general prin ciples will be involved:— 1st. A Single Chamber or Assembly, consisting of forty Members, viz.—thirty- six Elective Members and four Heads of the principal Departments, viz.—Colonial Secretary, Advocate-General, and two other Officers to be hereafter determined. 2\. Duration of Assembly to be the same as that of the Legislative Council under the present Constitu tions. 3\. No special Qualification of Members of said As sembly, nor any disqualification except for crime. 4\. Tenure of Office by Government Officers having seats in the Assembly to be the same as at present. 5\. No Civil List, except to secure the Salaries of the Judges and the four Government Officers holding seats in the Assembly. 6\. Ample power to be reserved to the future Legis lature to alter the details of such Bill, or effect any other change in the proposed Constitution, and resolve the single Chamber into two. Now, we do not deny, that there are some startling differences between this Bill and the one sent home to Lord John Russell for approval. For these, the Govkrnor-in-Chief i3 solely responsible. Still, it is a responsibility, which, we think, he may regard as sitting very lightly upon him, if they should meet*with the approval of the colonists. To some of the details we shall hereafter address ourselves at length. Mean while, we give up the question of a Second Chamber, for the pre.sent, as a forgone con clusion. This, on the back of the recent disso lution, and amidst the excitement of the ap proaching general elections, we should not be able to carry, and we may, therefore, as well make a virtue of necessity. But there is one thing, that weighs heavily upon our minds, and that is, that this Bill is without the scope of the " Constitution Act of 1850, and that it must, therefore, if carried here/ with such modification as the New Council may introduce into it, be sent home, and have an Imperial Act to give effect to it. JSow, if it can he shown to us, that there is any chance of this being done before the rising of Parliament in 1856, and of its being sent back in all that year, we shall be prepared to give such aid towards the passing of a Bill on some such basis as that indieated in the Govern or-in-Chief's outline, as the state of public opinion, and other circum stances, may either require or demand. On this point, however, we freely confess, we have, at present, some doubts. We should have been glad to have had time to give the whole of this measure a little more thoughtful consideration, before we appeared in public upon it, but it is no part of our policy to play at " follow my leader," and then strike in on that side which appears the strongest. We now say, then, in plain and undisguised terms, what we have before only said in figurative lan guage, that we are disposed to look at Sir Richard's proposal fauourably, if it can only be made to fit. 