KEVIEW. £From the Leader.'} GEOFFREY CRAYON'S NEW StETCH-BOOK. Chronicles of WolferCs Roost, And other Papers. By Washington Irving. Constable and Co. Anything written by Washington Irving is w.-lcome at all times. To us, the collection of | " Papers" which we are about to notice is doubly and tiebly welcome just now, from the mere force of the delightful contrast which Washington Irving, as a writer, presents to certain writers of You ig America, and of I Young England also, whose books it is one of | the misfortunes of our position to be officially compelled to read. We have had hard work given us to do of late by the small au'hors. There is scarcely any form of exasperating nonsense with which " li-ing geniuses"' on j both sides of the Atlantic have not made us more or less familiarly acquainted, by means of a too compliant printing- press. Mrs. '• Fanny Fern's" Tale, which we allowed to expose its own worthlessness a fortnight since, is only a specimen of dozens of other contemporary books, just as badly written, which we have forborne to notice. After having sought in vain through the transcen dental literature of Young America, and the fast literature of Young England, for thought, feeling, taste, and style—and after having found nothing to compensate for the want of all fair qualities but broken-winded "elo quence" in the American case, and simious smartness in the English—it is a luxury, in deed, to oper. the pages of K'olfcrt's Roost, and to find there not only the evidence of natural abilities of a rare and high order, but j also, in every paragraph, the most delightful j proofs of workmaulike earnestness, patience,; and care. He is an author who thinks justly,; feels delicately, labours sincerely—what a j contrast to Mrs. " Fanny Fern" and " Mr. Verdant Green !" Tae Chronicles of WolferCs Roost occupy only 'the first 20 pages of the volume before us. Tales, sketches, picturesque anecdote*, and snatches of history, travelling experiences, and short essays, fill the book in the most I miscellaneous manner. Now, as in Wcljkrt's Roc3t-, we have seine pages which seem to have been taken from the manuscript of that | admirably humorous book, Knickerbocker's -History of Ketn Hork. Now, as iu the Creole Village, we are presented with an exquisitely-| graceful and graphic - sketch, which reminds us of Geoffrey Crayon's best days. Now, as , in the Great Mississippi Rubble, we have a ! specimen of that delightful power -of narrating which enables Washington Irving to make the oldest subjects new again for all his readers. Whether he is writing Sketches in Paris, or searching for traces of Ron Juan at Seville, or telling a ghost story of the Grand \ Prior of Minorca, he is sure to achieve the one great triumph of interesting his readers. Everybody who has reaiatall knows something by this time of the genial humour, the deli cate irony, the quiet tenderness, and thegrace ful correctness of style which distinguish Washington Irving as a writer. The best and briefest opinion we can offer on the volume now under notice is that it is worthy of its author—which is as much as to say, in other words, < that it is worthy of being read by everybody. We cannot prevail on onrselves to close the book'Without tempting our readers irresistibly to its perusal by an extract. How genuine and delicate is tho humour—how exquisitely { true and happy the observation in "this pas Sa°e* "THE tEWO DOGS. "-Beside this African domestic, the seigneur of the village bad another no less cherished and privileged attendant. This was a huge dag of the mastiff breed, with a deep hanging \ mouth, and a look of surly .gravity. He \ wa'ked about the cahic with the air of a dog ! perfectly at home, and who had paid for his j passage. At dinner-time he tock his seat - beside his master, giving him a glance now ] and then out of a corner of his eye, which b9- : spoke perfect confidence that he would not be : forgotten. Nor washe; every now and then '■ a "huge morsel would be thrown to him, perad- ' venture the half-picked leg of a fowl, which ■'•he would receive with a snap like the spring ing of a steel-trap—one gulp, and all was d.twn; and a glance of the eye told his: master that be was ready for another con signment. " The other village worthy, travelling -company with the -seigneur,-was of a totally different stamp—small, thin,aud weazen-faced, as Frenchmen are -apt to be Tepreseuted in caricature, with a bright, squirrel-like eye, and a gold ring in bis ear. His dress was Sirnsy, and sat loosely on his frame, and lie Iiad altogether the look of- cue with but little coin iu his p-cket. Yet though one < f the poorest, 1 was assured he was-one of the m r riest and most popular personages in his nuivo ■ village, 1 Compare Martin, as lie was commonly callid, was the factoUrn ofihi place—sporis mia, schoolmaster, and land surveyor, lie could sing, dance, and above all, play oil the addle—an invaluable aecomplir-hrnent in an eld French Creole village, for the inhabitants have an hereditary love for bails and_/etes ; if tlicv work hut little, they dance a great leal, and a fiddle is the joy off heir heart. " What had sent Coaq-ero Martin travelling -with tlie Grand Seigneur I could not learn ; he looked up to lain with great deference, and was assiduous io ren'eiiiig hitn petty atten tions ; from ivbich 1 concluded that he lived at home upon the crumbs wii't'i fell from his taLle. lie was gayest when out of his .sight; and hid his song and his joke whe.i forward among th; deck, passengers; but altogether O.impere Martin was out ol his clement on board of a steamboat. He wes quite another being, 1 am told, when at home iu hi3 own " Like his opulent fellow-traveller, lie, too, Inl his canine follower ard retainer—nni one suited to his different fortunes—one of the civ lies t, most unoffending little dogs iu the world. Uniike the lordly mastiff he seemed to think he had no right on board of the steam boat; if you did hut look hard at him, he would throw biinself upon Lis hack, and lift up his legs, as if i nploring mercy. " At table, he took bis seat a little distance from his master; not with the bluff, confident air of the mastiff but quietly and diffidently; his head on one side, with one ear dahicu ;!y slouched, the other hopefully cocked up; his under teeth projecting beyond Ms black nose, and his eye wistfully fol owing -each morsel that went into his master's mouth. " If Coinj hre Martin now and then should venture to abstract a morsel fum his plate to give to his humble compauion, it was edifying to see with what diffidence the exemplary little animal would take hold of it, with the very tip of bis teeth, as if he would almost rather not, or was fearful of taking too great a liberty. And then with what decorum wonld he eat it! How many efforts wonld he make in swallowing it, as if it stuck in Ms throat.-; with what daintiness would ho lick Ms lips.; and then with what an air of thankfulness would he resume his seat, with his teeth once' more projecting beyond Ms nose, and an eye of bumble expectation fixed upoa his master." That picture of the two dogs is as perfect a masterpiece as ever appeared on Landsesr's canvas. Here is another study from the life, of a very different subject, hut equally de lightful in its humorous and delicate truth of observation:— " MY PEENCK OTIGHBOUE. " I often amuse myself by watching from my window—which, by the by, is tolerably elevated—the movement of the'teeming little world below me; and as I am on sociable terms with the porter and Ms wife, I gather from them, as they light my fire, or serve my breakfast, anecdotes of all my fellow-lodgers, l bave been somewhat curious in studying a little antique Frenchman, who occupies one of the jolks chamires de garcon already men tioned. He is one of those superannuated veterans who flourished before the Revolution, and have weathered all the storms of Paris— in consequence, very probably, of being for tunately too insignificant to attract attention. He has a small income, which he manages with the skill of a French economist; appro priating so much for his lodgings, so much for his meals, so much for Ms visits to St. Cloud and Versailles, and so much for his seat at the theatre. He lias resided at the hotel for years, and always in the same chamber, wMch he furnishes at his own expense. The decora tions of the room mark his various ages. There are some gallant pictures, wMch he hung up in his younger days, with a portrait of a lady of rank, whom he speaks tenderly of, dressed in the old French taste, and a pretty opera-dancer, pirouetting in a hoop petticoat, who lately died at a good old age. In a corner of this picture is stuck a prescription fix rheumatism, and below it stands an easy* chair. He has a small parrot at the window, to amuse Mm when within doors, and a pug dog to accompany Mm in his daily peregrina tions. WMle 1 am writing, he is crossing the court to go out. He is attired in Ms best coat' of sky-blue, and is doubtless bound for the Tuileries. His hair is dressed in the old style, with powdered ear-locks and a pigtail. His little dog trips after bim, sometimes on four legs, sometimes on three, and looking as if his leather small-clothes were too tight for him. Now the old gentle man stops to have a word with an old crony who lives in the entresol, and is just returning fr tm bis promenade. Now they take a pinch of snuff together; now they pull out huge red cotton handkerchief's—those " flags of abomi ndti( n," as they have well been called, and blow their noses most sonorously. Now they turn to make remarks upon their two little dpgs, who are exchmg ng the morning's salutation; now they part, and my c'd gentleman ftops to have a passing word with the porter's wife; and now he sallies forth, and is fairly launched npon the town for the day. "No man is so methodical as a com plete idler, and none so scrupulous in measuring and portien'ng out his time, as ho ovh sj time is worth nothing. The old gentle re a 1 in question has his exact hour for rising, an 1 ft r shaving himself by a small mirror hung against his ens 'ir eot. He sa'lies forth at a corta'u hour every morning to take his cup of coffee anl his r >11 at a cer tain cifc, whore he reads the papers. He has been a regular admirer of the lady who pre sides at the la', aid always stips to hivo a little badinage with her, en passant. He has his legul r walks on the Boulevards and ia the Palais Roya\ where he 6eti his watch by the petard fired off by th*. sui at mid-dsy. He has his daily resort in the Gar ce i of the Tuder'es, to ire;t with a knit of veteran id'ers like himself, who talk on { retty much the simo subjects whenever they meet. He has been present at all the sights, and shows, and r-joicings of Par's, for the last fifty years; has witnessed the great events of the lievolu'ion; the guillotin ing of the King and Queen; the coromtion of Bonaparte; the capture of Paris, and the restoration of the Bourbons. All these he speaks of with the coolness of a theatrical critic; and I question whether he has not been gratified by each in its turn; not from : any inherent Jove of tumult, but from that in satiable appetite for spectacle which prevails among the inhabitants of this metropolis. I have been amused with a farce, in which one of th-rse systematic old'triflers is represented. He sings a song detailing his whole day's round of insignificant occupations, and goes to bed delighted with the idea that his next day will be an exact repetition of the seme rou tine— *'Jc me^soccbc lc soir, Enchants dc potivoir Becommcnccr mon train \ Le Icademain Matin." There are some dtlicious descriptions of" scenery, which we should like to extract; but our space is exhausted, arid we must refer the reader at once to the bo ok itre'X. When a r.e r edition is wanted, we "would se:ioasly counsel Messrs. Constable to give some prefatory ex planation on the subject of the various papers in the volume. At present, not a word of da formation is given as to how-many of these papers have'teen printed before. They are all new to us.; but we can hardly imagine that Wasliington'Irving can have tspt by him to the present time such a mass of unpublished manuscript as the contents of this book re present. 