-i--.? /BIOGRAPHICAL. SKETGH-'OF--QÜEBS\\-VI01'OKIA»1 From aJW^CWSlô^jft ofittfe NMXJWTribune, ?.he*Britaií'iiibi 'Majesty.. (/Although I au\ i s'onio {-.passages deficienjffiï{refihem expression, the memoir appears to: be .Witten by au impar-# 'WjP&ol;Ä ,.. ill»,tbo}yeávst>whi<¿h'iiQÍrcled ? 1830, the jolly" -drayman at tho ale-house bar, or the rosy .fi^era^ÎBi^"^ wont to lay dowuJiis mugc'of,iean. upon Iiis spade, .io look with proud aildTplé'asant smiles after a merry aittlö^betlanä- pQiiy'Kvhicb .was wont to «anter ic$$f~ mb'ñÍin'g'l^iíc»\ígh'..the green lacios and! .shady nooksíof/Kcnsiugtón. : This merry little Shetland pony carried Victoria and her for- tuites. The future Queen was then a fat, tfair, 4&â''fi^eV,bï^in^lâp^jng\\.gir],. with, bright a«nny ringlets^ large^.German, blue eyes, a temper as spoiled as usually belongs to taiv only child, and- that!child heir to a throne, and aSxill as,obstinate 4and,.wayward as the frisky' IJij'gTi^nder .she 'rodé. : T,Úé " carly! history, ,pf Vfctoria^is r.ahiiost ¡ as ^shrouded, as the early/ history, of Koine, i Poet laureates, indeed, and lrif itóridns;Svho; . have ¡dinpd at Court, ' or ;Celtíe1 e^|tp^^Vlíp!! li?iye fancied .that .the 'Queen! smiled softly on them hi the, Park, have endear voiuved to surround.it "with . a texture of romance.. But we have, reason to believe that slipíKu^hed 'aP'l "cried, and danced rind sang,. nn4ö>¥Ä5.:SOpd and, naughty,like .; ordinary, little g^^pfiher.age and jday.i i «.:-> ./ .TJ^ej-namp ^be^. received at;.£tho! font, 'Avas liUiqns^mpibrta^ theo* Etaperoi,»of^Russia. -; The '- elder Isist^r-of !tlie ! Queen's .mother, ,,the. 'Duchess,,'pf ^Kfe'rit,"' .was m^m^1 "¿o M Àfçxan dei'!s; '/brptheri Cpu-. stantinq,' Tlie ft^apriçio'u^ Poland, three pf , the_ Coburg ni goddesses . having bèSô' jiçhially^jpo'sted 1 off ;tó ; St. Petersburg for!i th^ï^îussiarti1; Paris to >! examine^ ' and select from. . Surely .the'.Circassian ladies who are sold .(o^rnish breeders . for the. .harem are noJib^r£oin^d;^for!.aud carted, ¿bout for sale witb«>mói»^outrageousr> indelicacy than the Chnstiâii1 ->i$èn';,ànd' maidens of the Intelli gence-.Oflice ,jitv, Coburg.' '.' The cruelty with which. Constantine treated, his purchase drove herüiñtovanvitP^i'igue >vith ni young Busslan officer ;V'hut'';yUexander .with ' gentle pity not alon« protected;^ier from violence) but gave her an ^lp>vance;¡úp,on which she quietly and ,hap piiy;liyed.in.^y;j,zerlapd. This, kindness was acknowledged itt jhe. font, of the future .Queen, but pnfithe vdeath af Alexander, the memory â^a^yg^L^iài 3ojiarch, lier eldest name ex- changed plaçesvjvijji its ypunger sister Victoria, theUutelary deity, of tho.house of Coburg. " ' Up to within a year or two of..'/Victoria's attaining the ago, of eighteen, thc aga.at which tho Sovereign is considered entitled by Eng- lish* K^v"to'assume the. throne, her niöthör, the Ducbesgnpf .Kent, lived ' a Tifo pf tranquil feli- city ihttie enjoyment .pf the; society : pf Sir John Conroy, /an Irishqian <or' Welchman. of low birth, whonrsho "hadraisd to the position of equerry,,, treasurer, and director-general of heij household- The Duchess was and is one of those igross German women .w,hose coarse- ness of feature is unrelieved by a single line of spirituality, ono of those mero .machines for . coiivert'mg so much sausage and saner-kraut into human: nature. . And though filial affec- tion has always induced tho Queen not to fpr:' ? get the mother in the woman, át was ; iinpossU . ble'tlíat tlio daughter's love could assume that, elevated tone which a higher and moro refined.' nature would have inspired. Beyond a'stray mention pf some kindly visit'! to a.&i;'ghbodi'ing cottage, or of some early'. ¡ token'1 bf sympathy with thc suffering'poor, - . England knew little and thought little pf thc, lady'who was one day to grace her throne. . At Mal^'i^.injlc^d.'.lietwecn.which and Kensing.:; ' ton she p.assecl most of her time, thc old woman . at the springs tolls with softening memory, of some ofher 'gay girl jests and pranks, and" wh'etf 'pccäsipnally somo, far-seeing corporation: jn'ospntpd rin, address to her . mother: as . they, posted- through- tho town, and the bolls": sent forih-a prescient peal, it was'sagely told Iii th'ej papers of the day that "beside the, Duchess.. stood a girl.witli her fair hair gathered behind> her ears, who appeared to. listen with marked '? attention to everything which occurred, " Bili' suddenly crime a whisper .that'Englaiul's'^fh^r,; . lung was ill. The whisper grew into a j'oport ! -tho report into a bulletin.; The intcrest.of: tho world, as it is wont, immediately forsook., tlie departing King and flew to tho coming; Queen. It was a beautiful evening in June, 1887, '? whon first tho Poyal girl presented herself at a' window of tho good old palace of St. James as tho Sovereign ol' Unit Empire on which tho sun nerer sets. There was that in her youth and simple modesty of loolc, and woman's weakness uudor thc emotions of thc hour, which would for tho moment have softened tho sternest foo - of Queendoms and encircled the girl, loaded thus young witli such a trust, with a girdle;,of a' million of hearts as with a ?vra^^f.''".^^.Tn,-tho' mass which swung and" swayed! around were Wellington, and Lynd-, hurst; and Palmerston, and Hume, and above all thc voices wi)ich swelled tho cry of " God. saycj tlip!.Qudp,n'' .might' bo.heard thc thrilling tonos of Ireland's burly champion, O'Connell, whose'broad.shoulders and course comic face miidc'him;conspicuous amid the crowd. At tho period,of Victoria's accession to thc throne, party spirit unfortunately. ran high in , England, and tho gloomy condition, of trade and thc röuetion consequent on the disappoint- ment of tho exaggerated popular hope which followed Beform, almost balanced tho contend- ing forces und thus lent to tho wars of, the rival Whig and Tory factions a spirit of bitter rancour and personal malignity unknown even in its fiery throes. Mon looked .darkly.on.paoli; other in tho street, and in tho Houso ho who steeped his spear in -tho bittercstn gall- and plantcd his rapier with the iiereèst thrust drew, forth,thcloiulost acclamations frpili tho' roprp':; sontativo , circus., Victoria , oil liar cp.mi,iig,.,'to the<throno found tho Whig party in power, antl^ tlícrb'i¡S little wonder that with líér;girl's heart sbie'lg}Svfj'-''tö! tlVäin" a'confiding, trust.' >vliich pör;', hapsigvpWr .intpi affection. Shb ¡ was, alono,' ¡«i. girl, almost an orphan. > Tn Lord Melbourne, tiio'ÎhbVt' leitdû'i''' of the Whig party,1 sho foiihd : a gentleman pf inost distinguished acconqilish moiUs,"'m6'si' fascinating manner and most kindly heart. Whatever iii ay have been Lord Melbourne's faults as an individual or thc Minister of a nation, as th'e Minister, adviser, and friend of tho Quoon ho had none. Ho surrounded her person with tho purest and noblest ol' England's daughters. The Duchess ol' Sutherland, as Mistress of tho Hobes, be- came her constant companion and confidante, and .her, LuiUus-hi-waifing wore selected from that ? .elevated .region of aristocracy in which Lady Gainsborough, the Duchess of Bedford ibonjunotioi-£--y^ whei he weiu'iedV^with-Lor^ and subse fluently uloiíe, undertook,tho office1 of Privati Seprotaiy. K-To (the (Wise -admonition and almos parental instruction of .'Lord Melbourne, "bo stowed upon' a-' nature rich and pure enough t< receive the kindly dew, England is indebtec for that orderly ,and blameless life,-that deoj sense of duty and that ready deference to publ'n opinion, which>are¡not only the safest sentinel! of" Victoria's crown, but will render .lier reigr hereafteiy if riot' marked Wiri iii tho, masculhn brilliancy fit'Elizabeth's,....distmgaisKed.'.' fo: those pui'er if less showy adornments .whicl make lier the model of on English-consUtu tidnaí'soveVri riot , oven iber' .youtii 'hér positioív ói:' lier.- vh'tucs,. could¡. proteo her from faction, - which -in its -insatiate lust' for power has-iall'the- uiibridled will anc unfaltering heartlessness of ;a; had jypriiari- A elections it is necessary-to tluow into tho ai: the cork and'feather pf va|cry'>yhich'i Ihejfoolisl multitude ritáy béat tb1/and "-'froiandHne' iriian madly follow for tho benefit of tho few. Th« Queen's name was the shuttlecock of the hour Our Youthful Queen was the war cry of the Whigs, Our Old Constitution of the Tories Numerous independent electors) flushed witl loyalty and -liquor, or with patriotism and pale ale, were ready at five "shillings a-head<to drink and die under either standard. The Old Con st4tution, however, was beaten, and .conse quontly the Tories waxed wrathful' against the Youthful Queen. Faction did not stop at air aspersion in assailing the public and private character of Victoria., (;ItYiE('-^xU'aordinary witl . what graceful case party" in/England can trtki up or Jay aside "the .lancd of "i loyalty- hsfitasuiti their iaterést. ^Ârid rió'pai^'-inan^ Üi so remaukable for his expertness in this art a¡ youi*, extra superloyal, Tory.,, Never, perhaps was this Äuoret infamously evidenced than ir the eageraess; with which á! most iiainful eyem in the cireteiof royalty was seized on by thatpartj to rouse a feeling against the young Queen nnd fix upon her name a stain: of heartless and ungenerous cruelty, which; 'though dimmed, has not yet been obliterated. Where, tho cir- cumstance ,wa8«ne which was dragged into public light with such brutal vigour to damage the honour of a lady like the Queen, it would be sacrificing justice to false delicacy not to Epeak some facts winch have not yet been spoken, because in England it were, impossible to utter them, but which, when known, must completely relieve Victoria's name of even the faintest stain!: > u/(','.', _ .W: i The Court of the Guelphs, -with; the excep tíonof that of George the III;, who was a sober, stubborn, selfish, but decent arid decorous brute, was one big brothel, flushed with the filtlry fulness of luxury, licentiousness and lust. Through the coarse gutter of voluptuousness in which it wallowed; not oven a ripple of senti- ment could trickle its way. Even round the sailor King who preceded Victoria, the seeds of his early profligacy had gathered ? in a rich and most luxuriant crop. ,To the present Queen it was left to present to lite world n royal court, whose pure mirror, does not wear a stain, and which is fast reversing that order of things which counted modest virtue a bore and flashy vico the fashion. Eagerly watched : as she was by thc keen eye of faction, it be- came trebly necessary to the Queen not to let even. the shadow of suspicion cross the i'oyal gate. The relation in which her mother, thc Duchess of Kent, stood to Sir John Conroy, though perhaps it never glided over 'that very frail and delicate line which where a man and woman are concerned separates pla tonicism. from its less ethereal neighbour, ?nevertheless gave to tho lounger and thc roué that molehill out of which prurient gossip with a: touch of its wand can create a mountain of ill faine.. . To Victoria's, uncle, William IV., and his Queen Adelaide, the relations maintained between - tho Duchoss and Sir John, ? and the character of the men by whom the futuro Queen in the year previous to. her accession was .surrounded at Kensington, were a subject of undisguised displeasure. At thc levées the King invariably turned his back on tho Duch- ess's equerry, and exhibited all the symptoms ..of disgust. Unfortunately like many parvenus, Sir John did not even exhibit that outward '?rétSnùe always observed by well-bred people, lib^vevcr elevated by fortune, which avoids the .possibility of compromise, suspicion or impu- tation. , He rather made parade of tho extent of his influence. Nor was Baron Stockmar, or Colonel Caradoc, tho young Ganymede of Ken sington, of spotless reputation. Tho latter was especially renowned for his hair-breadth escapes, not in tho tented-field, but in more Paphian warfare. Tho consequence was that a feoling which assumed in public the form of coldness, and in private one of hate, grew up between the ¡minees of Buckingham and Kensington. And when ? tho Duchess, on the Princess reaching the golden age of eighteen, applied for an allowance from Parliament in addition to that sho already received of ;C22,000 per annum, tho King plticcd a veto on any further grant, but o tiered, .ito-advance ton thousand a year out of his own-privy purso on condition of its being administered' through . some other hands than thóse of Sir John Conroy. Tho proposal was deemed so offensive as even to place a barrier between Victoria and her uncle's dying bed. Tlie whisper, of scandal 'which naturally avoided tho ear of. tho daughter soon reached that of the -Sovereign,, occasioning an. anxiety and uneasiness which were not lessened by the determined refusal of' the Duchess of Kent to sacrifice what she maintained was friendship at thc shrine of giddy , gossip and roué report, and alter the personnel of her household. Tho btizV. and bite of the musquitoes of scandal who infest the air of courts fretted thc Queen, and when tlie'prótríiding córitotir of a Indy ol' tho Duchess',suite gave to a gossip before rile but perhaps unreal a positive form and shape, tho Queen deemed it nfccbssury' td the'character of the Court either to bc satisfied that tho scandal .wns false, prclse^not.tp.permit it.to stain 'further \- Jïor society and circle. In,.this resolution she wis upheld by'thë'p'urost and gontlest ol' Eng '. laud's aristocracy]lwilb','','if|,anj error, was "com ; milted, were furnnmrq. culpable ..titán their young Queen. ..lt' was happily,found, however, '? that tho arîpèarunco which gave rise to and jus tilled those suspicions was tho result ol' dis- ease. What had boori , a ,,pr:yato and necessary i inquiry, n however,. was ! converted into a' public;" and 'heartless outrage. Tho friends of ' Lady ' Flora Hastings roso in rash ' revengo. Faction, ' which a few weeks before had mourned in melancholy whisper over tho glaring vice of .the court, now railed against its.affected virtue. The people; always on tho generous-even if mistaken sido, saw not and thought not ol' the circum- stances which surrounded it, but hugged with ¡theirhugo sympathy au innocent girl whoni ??'i "T-pr-H'M ??». i", n " i -r Ü. » ??' LI- ..i J they believed to bo rudoly-wrongodr She" wrts~ thus mado ^o>tayy3tyaipú)lo,ful^ ; the Queen tho "victim^ pf,,n,n -unjust anger. But what mattered.it.to Faction! Tho 'cry of " Our Youthful Queen" beoame more -subdued--that of " Our Old Constitution" fiercer. We turn to a brighter scene.' ' ' ' On tho 2nd of Juno, 1888, ' tho old Abbey of Westminster-wore one of her glorious looks and unfolded a new page in' her1 emblazoned story. ? ""'.,'; v I In King Edward's chair ;a>; young lady sat. Four Knights of the Garter^-the Lords of llutland and Buccleuiv^^and^ijExeter and Anglesey-held abbyg'lier héa!d/a",çloth of gold ! ThouDean? of Westminster,j¡toók.vthe.'ianipulla from the altar. Withl stéady'liàhdl'h'ë'pôûred1 ten drops of oil intp"the anointing-spoon ! The Archbishop touched ¿tiierewjtb, ¡ ,the royal head and hand, ;and;raaking thovifbrm of the Cross, he lifted up his voiceband rsáid: '¿)I'!l' ^'< >T-' -. li' 'I " Bo thou anointed willi holy oil,"..as,kings, priosts and prophets wero anointed. (^Andra's Solomon was anointed king hy Zadoo the Priest and.Ñatha'ñ;tho Pro phot, so hq thou; nnoiutod, ¡,blosso(l!,'nnd » consecrated Queen over uiis.peopl'e,', whom., tho Lord your, God' halli givon you to rule and govern, 'in ,tho name of tho Fathor, of tho Son, and of tho Holy Ghost". Amen." And the: Archbishop-staking - the ' crown'front thel)etui placed1 it, .witlii graceful reverence !bii thè'lîei^d^f ^ 'i^sèi^^^ppi:,'; ibfÜrpöf ..one r-wild enthusiastic shout--'.I God -vsave >the J Queen." -The' Peèrà: put on their coronets, the Bishops their caps) the,,Kings-a,t-Arm^ ,Üiehf(pbmnger lî'ats! ' The'iitrinnpefe. sounded; the^drum-beatrand^the jbppm.pf the Park guns gorrie* al,on$ ' the];, riyer¡ ó^ilojl ' to ; .the. old city which answered 'from its-.aged tower, that the Queen ol'EngJañd»bridbèèii crowned.' ! Her uncles Sussex and Cambridge toddled forward and' with" adjusted ¿lasses read their homage in these words : : "I do become your liego mon of lifo and limb ond of earthly worship, foith and truth. I will bear unto you ito live and dio against all manner .of folks. So help me .God." Peer after Peer followed, and with this classic peroration the proceedings closed. Pleasant were the incidents of tho day. The sun, which always smiles on "Victoria, shone with a splendour: occasionally shaded by a sentimental cloud. Wellington, ? Mel- bourne and Grey were cheered as they as- cended the steps. Old Lord Bolte fell down on going up the stairs, and when Victoria with sweet smile and agile grace tripped forward to aid the aged devotee the noble temple rang with cheers to reward her queenly courtesy. O'Connell was recognized in a hired snuff coloured court-suit and was hissed for Iiis servi- lity. Joe Hume would not don court-lackey livery andjwas cheered for his independence. Bulwer, to his great chagrin, passed unnoticed. The Bishop of Exeter,- in his impetuous zeal to pay homage to the gorgeous Austrian, Ester hazy, tripped and rolled upon the floor, and some cried " Thus fall all Bishops." But while lords and ladies and princes played within at this majestic mummery, there pressed outside the people those over whom she had been given to reign, whose sweat was to maintain and whoso blood to defend her sovereignty. Many of the multitude were well fed and decent and decorous, hut among those people were' many, too, lolling lazily in the sun, or glaring with bleared brutish gaze on this masquerade ; hordes from the foul dens round Westminster who had risen from their lairs to gape and grin, who knew not God and were not men, something lower than the animal, with every head a jungle of vermin, and every face a Vesuvius of gin- great ghastly limbs of London life, most terrible to look on. But the coroneted coaches, eocli with its perfumed mummer, passed along, heedless of the coarse curse or ribald jest which followed them. Not so the Queen. She looked and hoard the shout and laugh with terror, and when she reached the palace she burst into ?tears-us she said, with fear to think she was a Queen. After all, human nature is the same in all ; and it was impossible for one so young to hear that day thc voice of such a multitude, a voice even more terrible than that of the tempest in its ruffian hour, or to think that she was raised to rule over millions, many of them brute men, without feeling her heart j swayed and engrossed by deep emotion. She ; ts said to have never forgotten that day, and to ! tho lesson it has taught of awe of the people, and deference to their will, she perhaps owes tho secure position which her throne now holds and has held during the storm which in ! 18*18 shook and swept down so many. In the year 1839 the feelings of the woman were severely tried. The Whigs, whose majority grew hourly beautifully less, found it necessary to resign, and Sir Robert Peel was sent for. With a coarse clumsiness or an adroit dexterity, both of which features were singularly combined in his character, .Sir Robert Peel made it an essential to his acceptance of office that the Queen should at once part with those friends who had clustered round the blossom of her reign and exchange tho Sutherlands, and Tavistocks and Gainsboroughs for sucha crewas the Jerseys, thc : Chesterfields and the Beauforts. It cannot bo wondered at that with a true woman's feeling she passionately resisted this separation from , those to whom, --through 'some hours of trial j and many of youthful pleasure, she had been ' bound by a clasp of mutual love. Had she manifested a different feeling, she would have simply shown she was not a true woman. A nobler man would have honoured this earnest affection. But Faction has no heart. Sir Robert Peel, feeling that he might with advan- ; tage still retreat to advance better hereafter, threw upon tho pet prepossessions of tho Queen the guilt which belonged to thc cunning j craft of the Minister. But though Lord Mel- j bourne consontéd at considerable sacrifice of i party again to resume power, ho felt that tho ¡ hour was near when Victoria would have to sacrifice thc feelings of the woman to tho ! dtitios of the Queen. To soften this necessity j and supply tho severance of these ties of j friendship with a.- still. tenderer substitute j .became an object of eager anxiety to Victoria's friends. Tho Wiko'fis of tho titty recei ved their sailing order and ljja^ing'rvitf .upjllta'bridal flag started ,' on, a cruise ' bf i'Vmatómpnial inspec- tion. As might.be.' expected in the case,of a virgin Queen, possosseck; in addition to so immy golden accompaniments, of. that beauty pf, youth which is corimipn ''"alike to ,tho peasant, aud tho monarch, gossip: with gay. garrulity had bestowed her affections upon various gal-^ hint cavaliers around the Court. Its luxuriant, fancy with fertilo facility, can over convert a yawn into a sigh or gild thc simplest smilo with ? sentiment.' Lord Elphinstone,-Lord Arundel, and Lord Alfred "Paget wore to Victo-', rill's'' Court' what Leicester mid Essex and Raleigh were to Elizabeth's. . Lord Elphinstone was the favourite companion of hor childhood, "aniTieTa nbblöman"öf gonoroWinoin. and man nor. But tne'vMenalsliip of íóhrtiíhóoál'eoldom ripons into love. . That passion > ooinos .oftpneii ; with tíxé spring of a tiger than tho stealth of a cat. Whether it be that having had his name mentioned with a 'Queen's, ho would "not soil the shadow of his fame by courtship with a .subject wo know not, but his harp still hangs; on tho willow tree. '-.. .Tile next, the present Earl of Arundel and .Surrey, and son of England's premier Peer, :the¡Duke of Norfolk, with the blood of all the iHowards in his veins, an unusually noble pre- sence and a countenance remarkable for its ?sweet expression, was a lord worthy of any Queen. Ho possessed, too, that most useful ac- complishment to an English sovei'oign, alack of brains. In the Guards, in which he was,then, an officer, ho was chiefly remarkable for. his passion for beer, and Dr. Johnson has ex 'cathedra pronounced : " Men, Sir, who drink beer tliink beer." The.chief objection to Lord Arundel was his profession of the Boman Catholic faith, but as his mother was a Pro- testant and his father, who has since become a Protestant,, was one of that numerous, . corps? of nominal Catholics who may be better styled .", Christians unattached," his family were not \yithout a hope that he would say like Berna- dette when a similar difficulty opposed his !. ascent to-the throne of. Sweden : " Bernadotte .may be a Catholic, but-the King of Sweden -will be whatever Sweden wills." His Roman Catholicism was not then, either, of the strict and sincere character it now is, and even the Pope has been known to brush off with absolv- ing hand such feeble frailties. But tho heart of youth sometimes defeats the head of ago. At a pleasant bar which stands some distance from tho Horse Guards, near Whitehall, Lord Arundel, was when on duty wont to quaff his foaming pot of favourite beer. Tho little hand which filled it was white and small ; and the woman behind it had a bright look and sweet smile and fair form. The arrow of Cupid stole through the glittering cuirass. She, though poor, was good, and my Lord Arundel had a heart and was what fashionable people call a "fool." He proposed marriage. The blood, of all the Howards was horrified. He was at once despatched abroad, and as the pleasant Pen dennis'forgot the pretty gate-keeper of the Inn, Lord Arundel forgot his little bar-maid and married the daughter of Sir Edmund Lyons, the gallant Admiral now commanding the allied fleet in the East. The other, Lord Al- fred Paget, since married to Miss Wyndham, the heiress, was at the time a slashing, splen- did hussar, the young Queen's chief equerry ; and if gay audacity and gallant daring could' bear away her heart, he would have taken the costly fort by storm. But in England, and indeed in every country, there arc insuperable objections to the alliance of tho sovereign with a subject, and the law which compels the King or Queen consort to be of tlio Protestant, faith as established in England, limits elsewhere the Royal love to one or two petty principalities, which in extent and wealth are eclipsed by Hoboken. Thc little Yankee girl who can give her affections free play from California to the Crimea, from Boston to Bagdad, is happy in a freedom de- nied to Queens. The star thus circumscribed rested over the lucky house of Coburg. On the 10th of February, 1840, the beauty and chivalry of England wero gathered within thc Chapel of St. James. A mild and gentle- manly looking young man led to tho altar a lady simply but beautifully attired." ' Her robe was of white satin, trimmed with splendid lace and gracefully fringed with "sprigs of orange blossom. Her train of lace was borne by twelve young and lovely girls of the blood of the Percys and Plantagenets. On lier head rested, a light wreath of orango flowers, but no scarf concealed the neck and no vail threw its fragile screen over a face, which was. free for all to look on. On her neck was a lace of little stars, and on* her shoulder the collar of the Garter. On the Archbishop asking " Who giveth this woman to be married to this man ?" the Duke of Sussex, with as agile a promptitude as his gout and giant fatness would permit, struggled forward and handed tho Queen 'to the not reluctant youth. The selected .son of Coburg being asked " whether he would take her for his wedded wife," evidently strovè.' to express his willingness with becoming modesty, but there was that in his air and voice-which gave to the response " Yes," a not unnatural eager- ness and zest. Victoria looked pale and agitated. The fact was she, too, felt happy. The law, it is true, bounded her choice, but within those bounds the people allowed her fancy range, and would, to insuro lier happiness, have enlarged it. Albert was just tho man who was accomplished enough to make her look up with regard to his manifold attainments, and who was pliant and sweet- tempered'enough to please her by the very contrast to her own "rather self- willed and capricious temper. Ho was a young man, too, of fair presence and manly proportions. And ' when Victoria was asked "Wilt thou take this : man for thy wedded husband ?" she accepted with a warmth and tenderness of emotion which gave little doubt that her' heart went . with her hand. j As wo propose to devoto a separate niche in ? our gallery of portraits to Princo Albert it may now sulfico to say that few marriages in any circle of lifo have been crowned with a more unbroken happiness. In domestic virtue, in purity of taste, in healthy refinement of en- joyment, thc Royal life presents an example ; which not alone tho court but tho cottage may , imitate with advantage. . The Queen in her habits imitates much moro the industry and . activity of tho New England lady than the iu j dolenco and ease which characterize tho Old j England fashionable life. At an carly hour ¡ she may bc seen in tho gardens of Bucking t ham Palace or on tho slopes at Windsor in : plain cottage bonnet, in brisk walk with her husband, or caring with tender finger, for some sickly flower. And tho languid ladies who loll listlessly about tho court, often lisp their lamentation at having the leaf of their delicate slumber stirred by such an early breeze. Indeod two Summers Bince, on ^a visit to that mimic mockery of a Court at 'Dublin which, like a flunkey in his master's clothes, apes the follies and frailties of Royalty without possessing its manners or its mien, the Queen threw the Lord-Lieutenant and his lièges into convulsions of confusion by arriving nt tho castle at an'hour when tho sluggrird .slaves of fashion were asleep. In her High- land homo of Balmoral the bunch of fresh heath and glass from a sparkling spring nro carried al. tho first blush of morning to her bed- side, and she may be seen clambering up the bonnie blinks and down the morry braes " wi h¿r wee bit bairns," to the delight of the good Scotch housewives around, Provious to.her mar ringo, ridinj^tf.hpràob^ çrciso of ihe^QAdow^ftd,yuttdeí4hy^tiiition o ; Misa Quontin, the daughter of Sir Georg Quentin, Colonel ofitbjjpjl'enth Hussars, sh ? jiad acquired a graccful^and firm scat, Eidini is that which monarchs der best, Talleyram says,, foivhorses , caunot flatter. , In those.day her appearance in the Park, surrounded by gay and glittering cavalcade of equestrians was a brilliant feature in tho summer evening of Rotten How. On her entrance to the Par] " the Queeii " ran along the avenue like a flash and with loyal courtesy cavaliers and carriage ranged themselves on either side, while th Royal Lady rode through and received , th honiago of her admiring subjects.. But thos bright days of youth aro past. Her positioi has been one of such almost unintcrruptec interest, arid the young plants have succeedei eachj.qther in tho royal nursery ¡ witil , sud luxuriant rapidity,¡that rocking has supplaute« liding and the hobby displaced the horse. 'ÍBotl tho Queen and Prince devoto several flours ii the day io the society and . instruction', of'iithe;: children,:., and usually make of, tlie .children'; ! dinner a pleasant preface to tho pomp-"an< parade of. royal banquets. The Queen .has' dis .covered "that healthy spring ii^whicli alone tlii philosopher's stone of happiness is : found employment. Those hours "'whioh ' do'' no. belong to tho sacred duties of themother si» devotes to the enjoyment of the most reiinec pursuits. Some of her sketches and drawings display much grace of design and. execution Under the skilful tuition of Costa' she'ha's become a fair proficient in tho science of music and the glorious Lablache has taught Saci to play with somo taste on that most beautifu of all instruments, tlie human voice He speaks with the most affectionate pride b; his pupil, who every night that her mastei sings may be seen hanging with rapturous delight over that huge volcano of song. Bofb Queen and Prince ara passionately fond ol music, and are always to be seen when iii town at the Royal box in the Opera, which stands within two of the stage on the right hand side of the first tier. Though she usually screens herself behind a parapet of curtain from the fire of the lorgnette, she is occasionally visible. Out of the season the evenings at the palace are passed in a social rubber of whist, to which the Queen is especially partial, or in agreeable and refined conversation. She Usually singles out the most cultivated and distinguished ot her guests as her particular prey, without consider- ation of any rank but that of merit. At one of the most brilliant banquets of last Summer, at which the most distinguished statesmen and foreign ministers were guests, tho Queen passed the whole evening on a sofa in earnest and delighted conversation with Colonel Eyre, a distinguished Eastern soldier. In Ireland too, on her visit to the Exhibition, she paid her first and only visit to the nobleman of nature, that giant of industry, William Dargan, and when he was pointed out in the crowd on her visit to that temple which his generous munificence had reared, forgetful of the nobles of rank around her and of all save her honest admiration, she rushed forward with the joyous surprise of a girl and almost hugged him. In truth that high moral tone which throws around the circle of Aristocracy of which the Duchess of Sutherland is the head such a radi- ance of spiritual refinement and christian be- neficence, has drawn its chief strength from that fostering sympathy for all that is ennob- ling arid elevating, and that unflinching con- tempt for nil that is frivolous and mean in human nature, which animate every action of tho accomplished husband ol' tho Queen, and find in her good and kind heart a womanly echo. This feeling which pervades their every movement and thought exercises a magic influ- ence over all with whom they aro brought in contact, inculcating charity for those dependent on relief, and sympathy for thoso dependent on encouragement. And however we may mourn over the gulf which tho customs and privileges of. barbarous and feudal times may still make between different classes of the one great com- mon humanity in England, it -is impossible to view without admiration tho manner in which thc democratic law of love is carried out within thc . precincts of a palace which " harbours," as Tho London Times charac- teristically observes, " tlie half feudal, half republican English Queen." It sots a proud and noble example. And if tho relations be- tween master and servant, lady and maid, em- ployer and employee, were throughout tlie rest of thc community invested with the .sanie kindly sympathy and gentle interest and grace- ful delicacy which invariably mark tho relations of the Queen and her husband- with those around thom, a new social ora might dawn on England. Thc degrading and disfiguring scars that mar the beauty of a noble land, which have been so genially exaggerated by Dickens, so truthfully satirized by Thackeray, so sulkily generalized by Carlyle, so ecstatically romanced by Kingsley, so snobbishly coquetted with by Bulwer, and so artfully politicized by Disraeli, would gradually find obliteration, anda genuine humanitarian beauty prevail, taking its spring not as now from the cell of the Pariah,' but from tho palace of the Queen. , V; There is no greater mistake than to suppose that the English people aro Queen and wpmuii worshippers. They honour the Sovereign us an institution ol' their country. When the Englishman brea'A into a burst of loyalty, it is of loyalty to England, not of love to the indi- vidual. When he draws with his windlass a hugo hurrah from that ponderous pit of beef and beer, his stomach, it is "a hurrah " for himself, for John Bull and his institutions. When ho sees the gorgeous Royal cavalcade pass by on its way to tho opening of Parlia- ment, ho looks with an air of complacent sell satisfaction, as much as to say, " That's mine ; I pay for all that.. If I choose like a big child to have my bauble, what the devil is it to any ono oise." "It is alone in Ireland and tho north- ern parts of Scotland among the Celtic and Roman Catholic population, that that ,rude romantic chivalry of devotion to the person of the Sovereign is found which is-inseparable fróni the religion and the race.. In Iceland tho enthusiasm pf loyal love..'ran'.,¿¿ta such madness as to -, make Victoria, as.; she stood on 'the paddle-box !nnd ? caught the. dying sound of tho cheers * with, .which every ' breath that touched tlie : royal sail .was laden, exclaim with emotion, "In England the Queen is respected,- but in Ireland I feel the woman'is loved." ... ' . , Pew ontertain a more pitying contempt for sorvilo sycophancy or higher honour fpr manly independence than Hie Queen and Prince. And perhaps few things have occasioned niore wonder, and we must - add more contempt, in English society than to find "that where Americans have been 'admitted' to thc ?' circles of royalty or rank, they, ,haye, with, BOUIO noble exceptions adoration.--.'. i ? lA'sia^i'fó th'oQ« !%PK^;M^k^^r in lier domand^^^shouiij,, not SfttisfiQdiiwith'Aho sevei'e.strictness.and'ddcorousdenvcaiilourjoflitlio Princo;-!flShe!1 hasi;,a -waTm',<rtohinjít'',aWÜ that which is often its acjcojnpaniiüeh'l^'P'Svávm hear.t. l,.Ind,ççdIIslie ^lfo^ei\iCAínp,elled(t.o plager á heavy chahimonM Üiat>.orohelliousiJmeinbor^iu. order.toi'repross tho woman'' ,ahdYinHint'di'n;Jtlïè';1 Queen. At the, .Countess, .^alfj^i^JJj^í° brated .ball^pT^Iast'1'^ at the door oif.thoisaioon,.and.ra^foiwai,diAvithi( a look- bf» .joyv.i.toi-i/<g^,eot,'^m!''^ she had' 'knbwn,''!',wheft^ with a look,.half ^^x4ä»jw^&]«^^S^^<i>u^^ul¿<*î^ûo ' checked.. thp.l affection.!^ sumed iÜic.dign.ity»of>'.tho- Quderi.'."' »¿'ii -."Mw ? In person Quepnjy|cfoi;ia;uiseabottt ..üveifeét two, but tho shortness of her neck gives to'nert8 figure a look of dumpiness.' _Her_ head is " ?graceful an^ minister of its exterior;"./speaks*, lin rapture of "tho length and lavish '.?lu.^tu^ttnöp^b'f her hahv beneath' whose fblcl''.t^ ¡like a pretty, shell. . 'Hpr.lhead.oiuLJjftudT;which flatter member was wont to inspire that half .patriot half-bondsniaiï/'crith/ùs'm^^ noll,' .are her best points.,.,/J^f^l!pít^\iá}^4Ü^.a dull leaden look common "to thp^GüeípÜsrií tíéV skinÀs!of a cream- coloured-./huoi; .Midvdiei»:e*-W,t pression unrefined, especially ;wh'éh'i' fl'usliëdi''-'1 lY.et there is about lier a'consciousness, . o^jhgi». position; and sp little 'display of .tha^'coiiscious-'.;i ness! find lier English self-possession isv'so ?» felicitously combined with a- certain'" GeVm'dn bbn-homie, or in Üiis instance bpnni'fèhmue,-; jbûè:!;.''êy^'^/(h6sô'.!:wliô "know., .heiv^oniyj .fry .,¡ ísiglít 'carry off an impression--.that'a they -T .'have ; seen : .thc- faco of . a > stereb'tynbd1 but 'highly respectable, '"Jstç^y,i;,'/"d§ni'ç|j,\f> tic,.jolly, good- hearted,. rathercholeric1' ' and : oxcitablo ..but - .well-disposed; --although-." small brained English woman'of ^tiie;'j;'&'iglb-*'' :Gcrman type. In her nióriiing 'gai'deñ^dres.si of loose robe, shawl and cottage ¡hat, she looks .to; far greater advantage than in full eVëriing costume. She has all thc appearance-,of,,rudo. healthj ' but is' occasionally a1 prey'; tp^au|"of;/i dépressibnso deep, as to occasion apprehen--. > sibns of an attack of that malady under which' her grandfather, George the ' Third; ^suffered,'1 "' and to make a" constant chango, of air, and scone essential. ,. . ., , . '...}V-'i^ii»i««tV Whatever qualities she has have been . dili- gently cultivated, but she, is hot by 'abyjmeans wliat is termed in this kountry ,f; smart.'¿.Ü/This is, for many reasons, fortunate..."Wore she a woman of superior -endowments/;'!'she'' would have been obnoxious to the aristocracy) ' who shrink from nothing with; greater disgust; than from whatever may be .calculated to!, wound their amour projne and remind : them' of '}th cir mental and moral inferiority. If she'were l,es,s fertile she would bc less popular.''airJong,,,t1ie masses. The poor Irish or i English.! woman standing before one of the pictures' in '-the'!' Strand, which represent the Queen wifh^'tHo/1!' royal babies around her, feels flattered by'luo'1" reflection that the Queen after all lias the same propensities, instincts and ] affections as rule her. The only class of women'who may be said to . dislike the. Queen .. is,;.-ithe»;.; numerous one of broken-down, high-bred, shabby-genteel, and pseudo-poetical ;womeh."J! They sneer at all the Queen's donics'tic/prb-'1' pensitiesas the quintessence of vulgarity. ¡They say she is only virtuous because accident, places her in a position which allows her to- 'gratify luxuriously every desire. .- . ' .?' '.''' *;'tn In the companion portrait of the Prince we shall enter into particulars of thc royaljncomo.... and expenditure, and other details wforjwhícli we have in this picture been unable to find room. In what we have .wiit'ten^and'T^ll write, wc have striven , and ! sludj'"^;sj!riye,» ot keep steadily before us ,the ;Vstar bf truth. We, would cherish noble examples wherever we find them, be' it' in tlíé ''palacb^of* thc great or thc cottage of the lpjwly'.^'ït' ,is," only your raving democrat who curses!, th«,;: blessing which a Queen mayidinu.se; as.oit1 is'!' only your fanatical aristocrat/who' repudiates;,.' thc offering,which a cliild of tlie ppoplp.briggs', to thc altar of humanity..' Iii tho,brio . it; lias! ! engendered indiscriminate hatred for., tho -very«' shadow of a privilege ; in the other itjias inculcated indiscriminate aversion for tho'.very,' breath of tho people. Hence.the one flies into fury as soon us the name of a Queen, is. men- tioned in terms of admiration^ br' lier life'con- sidered as productivo of .'good; and the other falls into a paroxysm of rage at .thc bare idea of oiio of the people vindi- cating his divinely implanted^ manhood, vpr/f calling upon his iellow^man \lp .Vbreastnthe-i oppressor who trifles with: his, ü'ightsí' Both' extremes proceed from passion. - 'It is! only'by'' steering between them that the shore of wis- dom can be reached. Through ,-\yisdoin^ alono cnn we vindicate truth; through, truth alotfo cnn we advanco thc interests, of' humanity. Some may endeavour, from ig^ibrancé^pi'.^etíyy or mockery or malignity, to cávn!át¡phe!!piv,thp other weakness of. the woman, because they lack tho moral courage to cavil at'tho; absurdi- ties of the institution. Others nmyrevel.,'wltU saucy delight in lowering a woman,siiripiy!1,)?? cause sho has been raised by the laws, ofithe land to tho functions of a Queen- '- ' But HistPry will hereafter disperse these aspersion's;^ ."VVliep the swelling tides of freedom, education and practical Christianity, rousing the manhoodsof England to a nobler sense of ? dignity,''(atíd koener shame of servility, "shall' 'hdye'.^iSi^t away, as some day they must clo, tlie bld'fpudal and monarchical institutions ¡ of England and left in their stead-a noble Anglo-Saxon ¡Repub- lican structure, the name of Victoria will bythe most passionate enemy of royalty 'still 'bp''res- pected for the good qualities of tho womau> !and by its most indifferent friends for-the ' chaste aureole of virtue which sho has_throwii around' the throne. '. . . . _ BRAIDWOOD.-aiAJon's CHEBK, 10th Novombor.-:Sinco my Inst thoro is vory littlu oltora'tion on these diggings ; tho portios I mentioned hoforo aro Btill doin'gHvell/ 'The Reserved Flat is not turning out so riches it was sup- posed it would do ; thoro aro three large partiesJworkihg onj it, who seem determined tomnko it pay well by stíqk ing closo to it, and working their claims in a systbhiotio inmnnoi*. On tho left hand branch of tho uew diggings, .'.Blr. Baekhouso's party has struck a rich vdih ;. thöy last week obtained over 8 ounces out of one shaft, with-very little driving ¡ this appears to buvo a > leá'd f that' was .missed during Ul o rush to Ulis brandi, äs :thoro isa .liirgc space of ground not worked, . A party have ;coht inenced working at tho largo waterhole oloso' tb the 'Falls;-thay. intend working a race from tho Falls into tho watoiiiolo; as this will have to bo don o' through solid rock, tho labour will not only bo very heavy, but il is a vçry expensive undertaking. ...Tho' Iittlo Eiyer diggings aro doing well; ono or two enterprising partios liavo turued tho courso of: tho river, and aro now voiUis ing good rotnrns; ono party obtainod:J.O. ounoes.for'ono week's work, and cxpoet to do belter this. The'oropstin this "district aro looking;well ; wo.-bnvo nish ahiirtiliince of grass.' Lost wook's escort , tookndoWh! .708 l.'oilncoSi which is a good yiold, considoriiig thenumhondf diggew at work.-Co(Te«po»«ïcnt Ooulbltrti Ileralúi '11 «oil:>e' 