t:"-«''KÍ-O (From the Times' Correspondent.) "I I Paris, Sunday, 10th June, 6 pm. I > -, i on more than one previous occasion I ventured to express the opinion that the best negotiators engaged in the discussion of the Eastern question, and those who have the best chance of arriving at a satisfactory solution, were not at Vienna, but in the Crimea, and that the most effectual missives were not notes, many restores, or protocols, but shell and cannon ball. The Gordian knot which our statesmen have been so long p ?' spoiling their fingers in trying to undo, remains, after , all, to) be severed by the sword. Generals Pelissier j and Raglan have put to shame the peacemakers at t '. hem? ; the conference before Sebastopol proceeds J. with the most rapid strides, and the events of the last .few'.ditys Rear the Quarantine Forts, the Mamelon . Vert, the Tower of Malakhoff, and the Careening Bay, promote the work of peace more surely and quickly than all the talents" of the tapis vert of Vienna. ''It is open to doubt whether Lord J. Russell, ? M. Drouyn de Lhuys, or M. de liner, could have Battled the difficult question of the mare clausum so satisfactorily for us, and so completely for all parties, as Sir E. Lyons and Admiral Brunt have done, ' Natal and Puffendorf have seldom been more clearly commented upon than at Kertach, Yenikale, and Ararat." The Conference at Vienna has at last given up the ghost. The rejection of the third point was its 'death-blow, and since then it has dragged out a painful and brief existence, helped along, as it were, on the escutcheons ultimatums. Austria acted as the principal medical adviser of the interesting invalid, and sustained it for some time with slops and pills in the shape of propositions, protocols, notes, counter-notes, and such other medicaments as are found in the diplomatic pharmacopitc. ' When the Conference had reached the last stage, a desperate attempt was made to prolong its existence, by means of a drug of the most potent kind, and on which great hopes were founded. The patient's strength was not equal to support the effects of the ultimatwimum. The terrible superlative was administered in vain, and the Conference of Vienna drew its last breath to the thunder of the cannon of Kertach. The English deputation was presented to-day by Lord Cowley to the Emperor. The Lord Mayor and the other members, dressed in their robes of office, were received in one of the state halls of the Tuilleries. \- His Majesty addressed them in English, thanked them again for the reception they had given him in London, and asked them if they were pleased with their resi- dence in the French capital ? After some further conversation, they took leave of the Emperor, and withdrew. Paris, Monday, 11th June. The loss in the attack of the redoubts mentioned in General Pelliasier's despatch is very serious, and among those hors de combat are said to be a general officer and two colonels The number is not yet known. An affair of such magnitude as the capturing of fifty-two guns must necessarily be attended with considerable loss. | The Mamelon Vert, which has just been taken by the French, as to the east, in front of the Malakhoff To wear, or, more properly speaking, of the large M alak hoff Battery. It commands the Careening Port, the military buildings belonging to it, and the communication by which the garrison of Sebastopol is constantly receiving reinforcements from the army out side. The occupation of this Mamelon moreover, de- prives the Malakhoff Tower of the support which it received on the eastern side, and which considerably annoyed the French works. The capture of this position, in which the French have established themselves, can not fail to have very immediate consequences on the five of the great Malakhoff Battery, on which, in the opinion of military men, the destiny of all the southern part of Sebastopol depends. The post which the English have taken possession of, and in which they have established themselves, is not very clearly indicated on the maps of the place ; but, in looking at the plans in relief, it will be seen that it is nearly on the same line as the Mamelon Vert. The occupation of it will, therefore permit the English to combine with the French in an attack on the great Malakhoff ( Battery, the fall of which is no to considered as not far . autant. 