.. THE TtrRP. HOMEBUSH COUNTY SPRING MEETING, 1855. ' ? SIEWAHDS-G. T. Rowe; J. 5V.Rodd, . and J.;F. Downe?, Esqs; OFTEN ns it lias fallen to our lot tb have to chronicle in the unges of "Bell's Life in Sydney", the doings upon the Home- bush course, we never remember to have sat down to our task, with more mixed ! sensations of pleasure and regret, than on ! the present occasion. Of pleasure, at j finding that the fears which we entertained, and expressed, some twelve months since, that the retirement from our Turf, of cer- tain of its most influential supporters, and the consequent abandonment of the An- nual Drapers' Meeting, would cause such an *' hiatus" in our racing men, and racing matters, ns would indeed be " valde de flehdus", and with difficulty filled up, were not to be realised ; and of regret that concomitant, although external, cir- cumstances should have militated against the "debut" of the County Spring Meet- ing being as brilliant as we had fondly hoped and wished, and as the spirited en- deavours of its originators deserved. That the liberality and zeal, however, of the gentlemen who stepped forward in so praiseworthy manner to thc rescue of "THE TURF" of New South Wales, when its interests were in danger, are not misunderstood or unappreciated by their fellow-colonists they may rest assured. Whatever opinion may be entertained re- specting thc success of this "First Spring Meeting," but^^^H^^Mily exist regard to the sptrJIKrc^nTC perseverance manifested by thoséÂSphq so kindly volun- teered to imdcrtnke«ftn»nagenicnt. ' That the entries flfeïe not numerically stronger, or of a higler quality, must be attributed to thc shortness of the notice unavoidably given of the Races themselves -whilst the thinness of the attendance, can only be ascribed (like everything else) to that passing cloud, which, for the pre- sent, overshadows the colony. Thc posi- tion, however, hus been taken-the tree planted-and wo are much ''mistaken if it does net in future and more prosperous seasons, bring forth such fruit as will amply recompense those who have been instrumental in its propagation for thc toils and disappointments which they have this yeal-, unfortunately, experienced. Having said this much, (and we feel it is considerably less than the subject merits) we must, as faithful historians, take up the running, and proceed to describe nil that took place at the installation of this new fixture on the Newmarket of the Southern Hemisphere. From the divers causes above alluded.to, speculation, pre- vious to the " day of battle ", was any- thing but rife. It was vainly that in thc course of our perambulations we visited the various trysting places, where, of old, bettors " most did cóngvegate "-for most ! assuredly as regarded book-making the | " right men " were not in the " right ] places", or, if they were, we were not fortunate enough to find them in the right humour. In fact, there was nothing doing. With the exception of a few improbable parties, offering to take impossible odds, (principally about the Steeple Chase) we did not hear the ghost of a bet even men- tioned. Nothing was left for it but pa- tience, anda firm leliance upon the last of Pandora's gifts, that things might mend when the eventful day, big with the fate of the hopeful first-born, should arrive.. lAke death and. quarter day, it came , at last ; and although the weather previously j had been such as to call forth the raptures of those who revel in a cloudless Austra ! lian sky, accompanied with a pretty consi considerablc amount of sun, and a fairish quantity of dust, the morning of the ßth instant was ushered in with an array of lonr ring clouds, betokening innumerable duck- ing,,to parties having no connection what- ever with the Baptists-just such a morn- ing, in short, ns would tempt a man to marry, buy a mackintosh, commit suicide, or do some other desperate deed. In proportion as the clouds looked black, the holliday-seckers lojked blue, and many doubtless resolved to keep their browns in their pockets, and stay at home ; for though a " southerly wind and a cloudy sky" may have, and doubtless did " pro- claim it a hunting morning " to dur fore- fathers in thc old country, the same prog 1 nostics bear a diametrically opposite con j struction when applied to racing amongst j their more unfortunate successors in the sunny South.. As far as we were pcr ! sonally concerned as, a matter of course, ! where "duty" summoned "inclination" j had no voice, and accordingly at an early j hour on Tuesday morning we found our- selves snugly ensconsed in " shay and pair," bowling along the old accustomed road, intermingling pleasant visions of the past with golden hopes of the future. How long the reverie might have lasted, under j thc combined and soothing influences of ; the cool morning breeze and a -" mild Havannah " is doubtful, had we not been recalled at once to a sense of our position and the deserted state of the road by the indiscreet exclamation of the man at the toll-bar, when we had tendered him the bob, of "This'ere's the lust carriage!" " First carriage," thought we, could it pos- sibly be the last ! liut no, things were not quite so bad as that. If " the Road" was shorn of some«of its pristine glories, it nevertheless, as the doy drew on, gave unmistakeable signs of there being "game afoot." On the other hand, thc long step on tlie " March of Intellect", the Rail- road, was tlie great attraction, ns the " means to an end"; and ever and anon wc " could see by tlie smoke that so grace- fully curled", that the lire-breathing leviathan of modern time was doing by far the greater portion of the " convey- ancing business." The scene on our arrival on tho course was, to speak the truth, not encouraging. The company, ev¿n when reinforced by the 'numerous contingents that had pa- tronised the "flat iron", was anything but what wc have seen, or that we had hoped to see on this occasion, either in quality or quantity, and up to the very moment of the opening of the ball, those who were present ' displayed a decided want of confidence-as regarded specula- tion. For the first event, indeed, we hardly heard abet laid, butas air warmed to their work, this shyness gradually wore off, so much so that for the Ladies' Purse business became actually brisk, and a con- siderable amount of money changed hands upon the event-the'* a-Dora's " having been remarkably sweet, dropped "their tin proportionately. During the interval which preceded, the performance of thc 'overture, a.'sensation was created by the discovery, that our earliest and ubiquitous friend, Punch, had actually found Us rvay to tho"'Antipodes, and a considerable crowd of old admirers, and of those as yet unacquainted with his charms, speedily gathered round him. We have much pleasure in being able to re- port most favorably of .the appearance of Mr. Punch, Mrs. Judy, and, indeed,' the whole company of " her Majesty's ser- vants ", not forgetting the " evergreen " dog Toby. As a parting tribute to an old friend, we may observer that Punch (as every well-bred man should do) suited bis manners to his company, and gave uni- versal satisfaction. But to return to the legitimate business of the day, we found the course hard, very hard, and showing evident signs of that want of attention and care which is indi- spensable to maintain any running ground in good condition. Tho result of this ne- glect has told tales upon nil such animals ns were in any way afflicted with defective understandings. A's we have reason to believe, however, that fresh arrangements are likely to be made in this matter, which, if carried out, will effect the changes nnd improvements so much required, we shall for tlie present say no more about it, but wait in expectation of "the good time coming." The course was as usual very well kept by tho mounted patrol and police on duty', and all passed off pleasantly without any disturbante whatever. There was a goodly array of booths, amply stocked with nil the heart could de- sire, in the shape of solids and ihiids,, arid all as far ns we could judge from the sïtm ples we selected, were of good quality. Notwithstanding this, wençv^jjiftniber on a racecourse, to Imve«gS^«H«f?er ol' the votaries of Bacchus overcornTTby their at- tentions to the " rosy god ", tuan on the present occasion. , . -y* OuroLl friend 0*tfcj£jj£è;nee(Î*'hardly ^aygMjfi>o grounds for^jconvjjjnirit as to ufoMpranner in which^&r; performed his . duties as Stage ÄQPpger; while G.'J', liowc, .Esq., who officiated as Starter, did his, workVin a style worthy of Hibburd. Before proceeding to a detailed account of the running for the several events, ive would make one suggestion, namely, that the number of the winning horse should be exhibited iMMEDiATELYupon the con- clusion of a race. The present unneces- sary delay in thc case of a close race being always productive of annoyance, and pos- sibly might bc productive of more mis- chievous consequences. At about a quarter past twelve o'clock the bell rang for saddling for the First Uace-IHIä HUH. WOOD PLATH of 100 sovs. with li sweoi>i>tnkes of 3 suva en ch, for ali hor-os tlint never won nu advertized jiriZM exceeding iion. M.P.C.. one mile »nd threu quarters; second horse to receive 25 sovs. Kntrnnce, it". ' Mr C. Baldwin's h h (.'amerton-, aced. (.Snell) 1 I ianiuiriii<l*s hr g black Jack, 4 yr«.... 2 Ward'* g f Grecian Queen. 2 yr». 3 J Champion'» hr g Hist, 5 yrs. 0 J. (2 ri ullin'* hr in Mndoline, ruted. dis NV. Wright's g in «rey Bess, 3 yrs...;, dr. Business was done chiefly upon Camerton and Blnck .lack; tho preference libing given to the former, whoso superb condition strongly con- trasted with tho rugged cont ami ultugethcr seedy appearance of Iiis rival, Bisk was but lightly mentioned, and thc two year old, though not absolutely friendless, found few backers out of her own district. A small party WHS very sweet on Mndoline, but from her ÍIÍ¿IIÍ on the Camden Turf, we could not regard her as dangerous, nlthough sho was brought ont de- cidedly much nearer the murk than ..n tho pre- vious occasion. At the word. Juck bounded away, leading the favorite donn the struight running by a length and a half, followed by the filly, niid Risk, the latter running all abroad. Madolhio obstinately refused, mid was left alone in her glory ut .tho starting p-.st. In the order named, tho horses rounded the turn, Camer- ton waiting at, pleasure Upon Black .lack to the bottom of tho dip when he drew along- side and bended him up tho hill and into tho straight running. Jack hy dint of whnlebono being kept within conversable distance, but evi- dently out-paced. The favorite inn h illie, hard Judd, winning by a couple or lengths, Grecian Queen a tolerable third, and Hisk nowhere. Time, 3m. 22secs. Socoii.l Ruco-THE CITY PURSE of 50 sovs with » swrcp'takes of 5 sovs each ad do I, for all horses ; one event, twice round, Kntrauce, 3 sovs. Mr Schofield's b m Dorn. aged....(Willis) .. 1 A. Hose's bril Surplice, aged. 2 notting 2 to I on thc inure. Surplice lcd, waited upon by Dora tho first time round¡ at tho hollow the favorite slipped hy, and breasted the hill a length and n half a-hond of Surplice, who gamely answering to tho whip ruado a des- perate but futile effort down tho Ant, Dora win- ning clever)V by u lengih and a half. Third Unco-TH li CUM BKKLAND PÜRSK of 30 sovs, willi a mveepstnlvos of 3 sovs each added for all horses that ni'ver won a prize ex- ceeding 25 sovs; ono milo and a half. En- trance 2 60VS. Mr .T. Griliheu'* br m Madoline, 4 yrs (G.V.Brooke). 1 Malony's Callendar, aged. 2 W. \\\ right'* Grey Bes«. 3 yrs. 3 C. Baldwin's Mnximus, 3 yrs.'.. 0 T. (-iranth's Charley O'.Va'ley, aged. 0 J. Dowd's Doctor, 3 yrs. 0 Callendar at once assumed the position of firs favorite, being hacked prior to thc ¿tatt at 2 to 3 Tho old horse looked as likely ns we had ever seen him, ami warranted the confidence of his partisans. The grey mare had a host of friends who opened accounts freely against tho veteran, and beyond these two,no others werementioncd, tbc'fielil lying "nil before them whereto choose After one faux pa', tlie last got away well to- gether. Moxiinus jumped away for a stride or two, when the Doctor tonk up tho running, and led them a dashing pnce. Madoline, Cnücndiir, Grey Bess, and the O'.Malley, rounding the cur- lier in the order named. Maximus speedily fell into thc rear rank, ami Madoline assumed the leadership; nt the bill tho Doctor turned sigk and retired, and tho grey put on- tho steam. Tho old horno here, however, found himself in difficulties. Cutts on the grey cutting him out ot" tho running, and compelling him to pull outside, by which ho lost whatever chance ho might have had. The maro with a strong lend of four or five lengths galloped in nn easy winner by a couple of lengths. Callendar beating Groy Rou.for second place, and the rest struggling home us best they might. 'Ibo result of this event considerably affected tho nerves and pockets of the majority of. tho ring. It was evident that the maro had u very respectable dash of fool, and, if t 'ken care of, may ero while win for herself f imo in addition to tho ro- mantic name che possesses. Fourth Huco-THE I.A DIPS' PURSE of 40 sovs, with» Bwcc|>stakes nf 3 sovs each added for all Lomes; once round and a distanco Entrance, 3 sovs. Mr Charles Baldwin's Cimerton, 6 yrs . (Snell). 1 . Schofield's Dorn, ni;cd. 2 . "G.'Hammond's Illach .lack.4 yrs. 3 This was tho most exciting event of tho* day' otinion wavering between Camcrton and tho maro ' up to : tho Inst moment. Not- withstanding.- thc Fcvcro bout of the latter in tho City Purse, her proved gameness and endurance were confidently relied upon to bring her through tho coming struggle. On tho othorhand,Camerton came fresherto the strife, and superior strength was an important item of con- sideration'iii. nn event which promised to tax the utmost powors'of .thc competing horses from tho junjp. Tbejiooks ¿nay he said to have closed at 5 to 4'ö'n 'the'moreí'and intenso was tho interest ns thc trio were 'marshalled to the post. Wo need scarcely state,.that poor Jack "had no friends.*.' As they drew np, the impatience of both horses and riders anticipated;the word, and Camel ton hounded olF, Snell being unable to pull bim up for haifa milo, when he returned to tho scratch. A second attempt was more successful, Dora dashing.iaway.'ut a killing, paco, with Ctimcrton nt her tail, Black Jack some three lengths in waiting. In this order, they threaded tito li How, and ut the rise Snell closod with tho innre, and.ono'of the most desperate struggles ever witnessed on any course here commenced. As they rose tho.hill, Camcrton showed in front by 3-quartcrsofa length, but Willis, wirb a touch of thu whalebone, brought bor àlongisdo him as they rounded into the straight-running. Neck and neck, whip and spur, jockcyship against jockeyship, wcro now thc features of this tremen- dous strife. Each horse imccessivcly responding to the whip, headed or rather "nosed" tho other, as stride for stride they entered tho flat. At tho distance chair, tho mare, having the insido run- ning, was leading by ' . about half a length, but here, Snell, exchanging his whip hand, administered punishment freely; agnin, euch alternately heading tho other, the maro having tho slightest perceptible advantage, they neural thc goal, when some twenty yards from home, hy almost super-linniRn exertion Snell improved ea"h bound inch by inch, and finally binded Camcrton a winner by a hare head amidst tho most tumultuous cheering. Timo 2 m. 44 secs. Defeat nftorso glorious a contest 'was indeed ait honora bio one, und losers bunded over their stakes without a murmur. Speculation now commenced in right earnest-. on tho Ballway. Plate event for Thursday, in which tho two horses were engaged-hut of this in due time. This concluding tho doy's sports, tho company dispersed cn route homewards by - rail . or road. , ' SECOND DAV, \YKJI¿¡H!HUT, Nov. 7. The great .focus' of"attraction for this tiny, was the Hurdle Knee, as to the result of which considerable anxiety was mani- fested^ owing to the fact of each horse en fiiged having a tolerably strong party» or^soihe time it was almost impossible to irrâkb out which horse was in reality the favorite , Smith O'Brien, Wallaby, Volun- teer, and Thorntopper being severally backed for considerable sums, the winner being scarcely mentioned. At last the Volunteer party put the pdt on, and over- coming all opposition, placed their nag at the head of thc poll, 10 to 6 being the longest odds to be obtained about him at starting. The Course, was àp ? parently selected solely to try the racing .' and jumping capabilities of the nags, without the slightest regard to the specta- tors, who could not obtain a view of more titan one-half the race. After about two hours and a half had been cut to waste, the ! five horses entered all came to the scratch to contend for the First Race-A HURDLE RACE for ¿50.with n swcepKai es nt 5 sovs each added, for nil hor-es. Tw ee round a course to be flagged out on tho Hninu'msli K-tatu, being two miles and a half, more or less, over nine stiff lenps. Weiuhts-1 yrs 10-t 711». 5 yrs «nd upwards, list 7UM. Mures and geldings j nil iwcd 3lbs. Entrance 5 sovs. Mr C. Hammond's nen Bolt, 5 yrs ...(Rice) 1 G I'. Howe's Wallaby, aged . 2 Temple-on'» Tliorut"ppcr. nged . 3 \- Champion's Voluntrer, 4 yrs. 4 P. Hanslow's Smith O'Brien, aged. 0 At the word, "Olf,"'Volunteer dashed away with the lead, with Thorntopper, Wallaby, and Smith O'Brien in attendance. Ben Bolt evi- dently determined to "bide his time," following nt a considerable distance in their wake. All , got well over the first fence, but on approaching the second Volunteer, who appeared to miss his former pilot, jumped round, thus causing Wnl Irthy t . refuse; both, however, were got over at the second attempt, and in company with Thorn topper und Bun Bolt, who were now lying well up with thc leading h rscs, caine round the bill tu the third jump at a good puce tho three first gettintj well over, biit Ben having approached too close to it before attempting to rise, fell over .. a burster," making the " dead wood " fly in Bli di' cctions. Ho was soon on his legs again, however, and his jockey as quickly in the sad- dle, and at work. Volunteer continued the even tenor of his way, leading over the fourth obsta- cle in gallant style, and his two followers both refusing, he steered away alone with all sail set. Although they had only gone hnlf the distance, it looked now as if it was any odds on Volun- teer, fr.im his commanding lead, and the style in which he was going. On tho horses making their appearance thesecond time round, Wulhtby was leading, with B«m Bolt hard held second, nnd Thorntopper (evidently overpneed) third. Volunteer uiirnhVe rfintu, being ns far in the rear ns ho had previously been in front. In this order they jumped the last fence, after topping which. Ben B dt went up to Wallaby, pasted him as though he had been standing still, and won in the e.'inm"iicst of canters by threo lengths. Thorntopper a bad third. Smith O'Brien, who cdt it before he had gone a mile, was never in the race. The paco throughout was very indiffe- rent. 2nd Race- THE HURUY SCURRY STAKES of 20 eovs, 2 sovs each added, for all horses, carrying, 3yrs old und tinder. 8st: 4yrs old, 9*t ; 5yrs and aged lost ; winners first day lo carry Sib extra at thu discretion of- the Stewards ; heats, once round. Entranco 2 80VR. Po-t entrance. Mr Ward's g f Grecian Queen, 4 yrs. Walked over. This event not filling, Mr Ward entered his horse Cumbo to avoid a walk over, but even- tually started the filly on her solitary way. Tho HACK STAKI S, ns advertised, not filling, the following was got up: A HACK RACE of 10 sovs each, with a sweep- stakes of 1 sov. each added, for all horses, not in training for the present meeting. Heats, once round. Entrance I sov. Mr Hcaly's Terrygong Maid...(Shaw) 2 11 Henderson's Inkermann. 12 2 Harris'Old Robin Grey. 0 0 0 j Snell's Black Jack. 0 0 Di Lune's Jack. 0 0 0 ! Patrick's St Patrick.;. 0 0 0 ¡ Inkermann was taten against tho field in many places, and after putting in tho first heat, the field was regarded as hors de cmnlmt. The litile maid's running, however, she having pushed Inkermann severely from tho distance, induced them to put another rider in tho saddle, and with young Shaw up she shewed th- m the pace in thesecond he it, fairly out-footing Inkermann, mid winning cleverly by n length. Jlr. Healy, who had hitherto be*stridden Inkermann, do cl'iiing to mount a third time, a hccond jockey was lind recourso to, but in vain, tho mare having it all her own way, and winning with the greatest case. THIRD DAT, TnnnsDAY, Nov 8. The third day's bill of fare is generally done justice to, and it was especially soon this occasion, the assemblage being exceedingly numerous. The trains were crowded to inconvenience ; and the Par- ramatta Road presented an appearance of " olden times," vehicles of every quality, from the public and private four-in-hand downwards, and a strong cavalcade of equestrians, dashing course-ward in the usual break-neck style, rendered not a little hazardous from the clouds of dust in which each was separately enveloped. The'sun was exceedingly oppressive, and during the early part of the afternoon the I atmosphere was stifling. The stand was graced by a profusion of lovely bonnets, from beneath which beamed many a pair ot lústrous heart-piercers, doing deadly exe- cution amongst the gallant cavaliers en attendance. Shortly after noon, the bell warned the horsesV'to strip, and at the third summons they took their preliminary canters past the chair for the First Race-THE RAILWAY PLATE of 100 Gus, with a sweepstakes of 5 sov« each added, for.all horses; ono event/twice round and a 'distance. Entranco, S sovs. Second horse to receive 20 sovs from tho stakes. Mr Charles Baldwin's b h Camerton, 5 yrs. (Snell). 1 A, Rose's b h Surplice, aged . 2 Schofield's b m Dora, aged., 3 J. Champion's b g Risk, 5 yrs . 0 G. Hammond's br g Black lack, 4 yrs.. 0 Hughes' b g Stranger. 4 yrs... 0 Bottinj was unusually brisk, and chiefly bo tween Camerton and Dora for choice. . ,Tho farmer gradually took precedence, and just bo foro thu start was hacked at even ngmnst tho field. Tho favorite stripped magnificently, and was evidently '"all there," while Dork was thought by many excellent judges to be scarcely herself. Sho appeared weak, though her eye beamed with its wonted brilliancy, and her benni ¡ful nostril dilated with eagerness ns the sadd 1 j was placed upon lier back. For our own part, we unhesitatingly pinned our faith ti thc Maitland horse. Tho .Stranger, with his Maiden Plate honoM fresh from Camden upon him, was regarded ns a good'un to look at, but his "go" as more than doubtful. Surplice was bauked to some extent against Dora, while Risk and Black Jack were unnoticed in such superior company. At tho word, Risk volunteered tho leadership, but after a few strides fell hack, suc- cumbing-to the favorite, who took tho insido running, closely attended by Dora and Surplice, the rest speedily tailing off. This order they ¡ observed for the first milo «nd thrco quarters. 1 «-lien 11 ingersoll called npon Surplice, anil gal I lani ly ititi tliat enduring animal respond, passing . thu maro, nnd pushing Camcrton at a tremendous bat un^k hi ll, mid into tho flat, and making a very r^BNkblo moo of it. Ca;ho>'tati; however, hulil hi«''own, and won in splendid stylo by a couple of lengths, tho gamo little huiro a fair third, and tho others nowhere. Time 5 m. 20 secs, Camellón pulled tip lame, owing to tho plate of his near ' foro leg having twisted. We believe he has sustained no j injury, lint hud tho mishap occurred further fruin home, ho must have Inst lu's race. CAM MU ON is rt remarkably tine animal, a brown b.-iy, S \ em* old, IS hands 1 inch high, and wits bred liv Otto Baldwin, - Esq, Ho is hy Camel, out of Violet, hy Gratis out of Camilla, by Ciiiiicrton nut of a Hector maro. Ho won the Maitland and Newcastlo maiden plates lust year. Second Raco-THE PRINCE OP WALES STAKICS of 40 sovg, with a sweepstakes of y sors each added, for nil lierai s ; tho winner to be solilnfici' thc race for 70 sovs if entered to bo sold for ¿(ID, allowed 71bs; if £50. 12lbs ; if jéT40. 171b» ; one milo and a liulf. Em rauco, 3 sovs. Mr Mnlnncy'8 Cullender* aged (-£40) (Cutts) 1 S. Thompson's C rab, tigeil (£70) . 2 Wa rd's Grecian Queen, 2 yrs (£70) ... 3 Skuthorpe s Warrior, 5 yrs (¿¡(JO) . 0 T. Ghiuts's Charley OWlnlley, nged (-£70)dr Callender wa? hacked at 2 to 3 against tho field In the circles wo visited, but we aro in- formed that Grecian Queen was taken for choice against tho veteran toa considerable amount. We slr ubi have liked tn have "been there to sec." Callendar led Crab by a couple of lengths, fol- lowed hy lier Grecian Majesty, attended by the Warrior. This order was maintained ihr úgliout the mee. Crab coming to daiigc.roitly close quarters in the (lat, ami giving the old horse his work to do to main tain his own, which, how- ever, he succeeded in doing by a. length and a half. The Queen twenty lengths behind In ac- cordance with the conditions of tho race, Cal- lendar was submitted to tho hammer, mid was bought in by his owner for £60. Third Knee-TH li CONSOLATION STA IC KS of 20 hovs, 2 sovs each addcJ, for nil beaten horses; one mile and n half ; to be handi- capped by tho stewards, or whom they may appoint. Entrance, 1 sow Mr A. Rose's br h Surplice, aged, 9st "lbs (Iliggerson). 1 Hixmirond's br g Black Jack, Sst, 4 yrs 2 Thompson's b g Crab, 8st 41bs, aged. 3 Of this event it will suffice to say that ¿i to I wns ofl'ercd in vain upon Surplice, as wero offers nt even amounts to place tho tho three horses! Under such arrangemtnt, our descriptive penis not called upon. Fourth Raco-THE FORCED HANDTCAPof 3 sovs enc!), with 20 sovs nilled, for all win- ners ; tho winner of tho Hack and Beaten Stuk-s enterod at the op'ion uf the owners ; once round. Entrance, I roe. Mr Schofield's b m Dora, aged, 9st 4lhs (Snell). 1 A. Rose's br h Surplice, nged, 9st. 2 Hammond's b g Ben Bolt, 5 yrs, Oat 41bs. 3 Ward's g f Grecian Queen,'2 yrs, 6st... 0 Mnlony's b g Callendar. aged, Sst. 0 Gribhen's br m Madoline, 4. yr¿¡, "st lOlhs. 0 C. Baldwin's b h Camcrton, 5 yrs, Ost Ollis. dr Healy's br m Terrygong Maid, 7st. dr Dorn and Surplice were at par in this event, no others liding mentioned. At tho word, her youthful Majesty gracefully opened tho ball nt a killing pace, with Dora as lady in waiting; Ben Bolt in close attendance, mid taking the lead nt thc turn and down thc hill; Ciillemlar, Surplice, and Madoline in the order named At the rise, the mate iveut to tho front, and Surplice taking second pince essayed to foot it with her hut lu vain. Dorn lending into tho straight running by a couple of lengths was not to bo caught in her own distance, and was hailed thu winner amidst the cheers of her party who it appeared hud un- dauntedly "put thc pot on". So fellthe curtain upon thc first HoMEncsn COUNTY SPUINO MEISTISO. ? STEEPLE CHASE.-This exciting event enmo o(F on the I8t.ii ultimo, near the Cremorne Gar- dens, between Mr Burnett's I'op-gocs-thc Wcn sel and Mr Simm's Harkaway, tor £101) n-sido. Tho chase was over fi-ur miles of fair huntitig country, and there wns a large meeting of sport- ing men to witness this most trying test of strength, speed, and spirit. Harkaway was rid- den by Prest, and Mnnsforth did thc samo kind ofBco hy Pop-gocs-tho Weasel. At the word, both horses started well, but both refused the first leap. Harkaway, again put to it, cleared it, followed by Pop. At tho second leap Pop went ! well over, but Harkaway hesitated, nnd could j not, until half-a-dozen attempts were made, be i induced to clear it. Having done so nt length, ' he went on to tho third jump, where he made a full stop, and was brought back, Pop going the remainder of the distance without a refusal, and winning in a canter, having walked over a portion of tho course. - Adelaide paper. TUB HDNT.-On the 27th ultimo, tho hounds met for tho last lime this season. About forty gentlemen turned out, nnd among them his Ex- cellency tho G iveruor, who, on his arrival, was greeted with hearty cheers. It had boen in- tended to run the kangaroo lately brought in from the Onkaparinga; but tho poor fellow saved tho hounds the trouble of killing him hy dying a day or two ago nt tho kennel. The pack drew the Peninsula, and took up scent near the Sennphoro, tho fox-making through the scrub and heading back towards the Bcedhcds, when thc dogs ran into him nt the river. Mal- colm instantly dismounted, and. nt Sir Richard's request. Mired his life. Iiis Excellency wishing to pre-erve him on the chain. Ile was but slightly hurt, and will bo sent to the Government Domain te-dny, to take up his permanent abode.-Ibid. IiironTATiOM OP STOCK. - By tho Diana there have arrived two valuable additions to tho Stock of tho Colony, viz., the entire horse .' Omar Pasha," and a valuablo short horned hull. Both nnimals have been imported by Mr Hugh Mackay. 