CHRISTMAS, 1854. ! THE SEVEN POOR TRAVELLERS. BY CHARLES DICKENS. ' THE FOURTH. ' . Now, first of all. I should like to know what you mean by a story ? You mean what other people do ? And pray what is that? i You know, but you can't exactly tell. I thought so ! in I the course of a pretty long legal experience, I have never yet met with a party out of my late late profession who was capable of giving a correct definition of anything. To judge by your looks I suspect you are amused at my talking of any such thing ever having belonged to me as a profession. He ! ha ! Here I am, with my toes out of my boots, without a shirt to my back or a rag in my pocket, except the fourpence I get out of this charity (against the present administration of which I protest-but that's not the point and yet not two years ago I was an attorney in large practice in a bustling big country town. I had a house in the High street. Such a grant of a house that you had to get up six steps to knock at the front door. I had a footman to drive tramps like me off all or any one of my six hearth-stone steps if they dared sit down on all or any one of my six hearth Stone, steps a footman who would give me into custody now if I tried to shake hands with him in the newsreels. decline to answer your questions if you ask for any. How I got into trouble, and dropped down to where I am now, is my secret. Now, I absolutely decline to tell you a story. But, though I won't tell a story, I am ready to make a , statement. A statement is a matter of fact ; therefore, the exact opposite of a story, which is a matter of fiction. What I am going to tell you really happened to me. I served my time-never mind in whose office and I started in business for myself, in one of our English country towns decline stating which I hadn't a quarter of the capital I ought to have had to begin with and my friends in the neighbourhood were poor and useless enough, with one exception. l That exception was Mr. Frank Gatliff, son of Mr. Gat liffe, member for the county, the richest man and the proudest for many a mile round about our parts, Stop a bit ! you man in the corner there you needn't perk up and look knowing. You won't trace any particulars by the name of Ga'lifle. I'm not bound to commit myself or anybody else by mentioning names I have given you the first that came into my head. Well ! Mr. Frank was a stanch friend of mine, and ready to recommend me whenever he got the chance. I had given him a little timely help-for a consideration of course-in borrowing money at a fair rate of interest in fact, I had saved him from the Jews. The money was borrowed while Mr. Frank was at college. He came back from college, and stopped at home a little while and then there got spread about all our neighbourhood a report that he had fallen in love, as the saying is, with his young sister's governess, and that his mind was made up to marry her What ! you're at it again, my man in the corner! You want to know her name, don't you? What do you think of Smith Speaking as a lawyer, I consider Report, in a general way, to be a fool and a liar. But in this case report turned out to be something very different. Mr. Frank told me he was really in love, and said upon his honour (an absurd expression which young chaps of his age. are always using) he was determined to marry Smith the governess-the sweet-darling girl, as he called her but I am not sentimental, and I call her Smith the governess (with an eye, of course, to re- freshing the memory of my friend in the earner). Mr. Frank's father, being as proud as Lucifer, said " No " as to marrying the governess, when Mr. Frank wanted him to say "Yes." He was a man of business, was old GatlifF, and he took the proper business course. He sent the governors away with a first-rate character and a spanking present, and then he looked about him to get something for Mr. Frank to do. While he was looking about, Mr. Frank bolted to London after the governess, who had nobody alive belonging to her to go to but an aunt, her father's sister. The unit refuses to let Mr. Frank in without the squire's permission. Mr. Frank writes to his father, and says he will marry the girl as soon as he is of ago, or shoot himself. Up to town comes the squire, and his wife, and his daughter and a lot of sentimentality, not in the slightest degree material to the present statement, takes place among them; and the upshot of it is that old Gatliife is forced into withdrawing the word No, and substituting the word Yes. I don't believe he would ever have done it, though, but for one lucky peculiarity in the case. The gover- ness's father was a man of good family pretty nigh as good as Gatlifi'e's own. He had been in the army ; had sold out ; set up as a wine-merchant-failed died: ditto his-wife, as to the dying part of it. No relation, in fact, left. for the squire to make inquiries about but the father's sister ; who had behaved, as old GatlifTe said, like a thoroughbred gentlewoman in shutting the door against Mr. Frank in the first in stance. So, to cut the matter short, things were at last made up pleasant enough, The time was fixed for the wedding, and an announcement about it-Marriage" in High Life and all that-put into the county paper. There was a regular biography, besides, of the governess's father, so as to stop people from talking ; a great flourish about his pedigree, and a long account of his services in the army ; but not a word, mind ye, of his having turned wine merchant afterwards. Oh, no not a word about that I knew it, though, for Mr. Frank told me. He hadn't a bit of pride about him. He introduced me to his future wife one day when I met them out walk- ing, and asked me if I did not think he was a lucky fellow. I don't mind admitting that I did, and that I told him so. Ah ! but she was one of my sort was that governess. Stood to the best of my recollection, five foot four. Good lissom figure, that looked as if it had never been boxed up in a pair of stays. Eyes that made me feel as if I was under a pretty stiff cross-examination the moment she looked at me. Fine red, fresh, kiss-and-comq-tigain sort of lips. Cheeks and complexion- No, my man in the corner, you wouldn't identify her by her cheeks and complexion, if I drew you a picture of them this very moment. She has had a family of children since the time I'm talking of; and her cheeks are a trifle fatter and her complexion is a shade or two redder now than when I first met her out walking with Mr. Frank. The marriage WAS to take place on a Wednesday. I decline mentioning the year or the month. I had started as an attorney on my own account-say six weeks, more or less, and was sitting alone in my office on the Monday morning before the wedding-day, trying to see my way clear before me and not succeeding particularly well, when Mr. Frank suddenly bursts in, as white as any ghost that ever was pointed, and says he's got the most dreadful case for me to advise on, and not an hour to lose in acting on my advice. " Is this in the way of business, Mr. Frank ?" says I, stopping him just as he was beginning to get sentimental. " Yes or no, Mr. Frank ?" rapping my new office paper-knife on the table to pull him up short all the sooner. " My dear fallow" he was always familiar with me-'. it's in the way of business, certainly ; but friendship-" I was obliged to pull him up short again and regularly examine him as if he had been in the witness box, or he would have kept me talking to no purpose half the day. I *' Now, Mr. Frank," said I, "I can't have any sentimentality mixed firm with business matters. You VsCAse to stop talking, and let me ask questions. An 'river in the fewest words you can Ube, Nodwhwi nodding will do instead of words. I fixed him with my eye for about three seconds, as he sat groaning and wriggling in his chair. When 1' done fixing him, I gave another rap with my paper knife on to the table to startle him up a bit. Then I went on. " From what you have been stating up to the present time," says I, " I gather thatyouare in a scrape which is likely to interfere seriously with your marriage on Wednesday ?" (He nodded, and I cut in again before he could say, a word.) , .' The scrape affects the young lady you are about to marry, and goes back to the period of a certain transaction, in which her late father was engaged some years ago ?" (He nods, and I cut in once more.) "There is a party who turned up after seeing the announcement of your marriage in the paper, who is cognizant of what he oughtn't to know, and who is prepared to use his knowledge of the same to the prejudice of the young lady and of your marriage, unless he receives a sum of money to quiet him Very well. Now, first of all, Mr. Frank, state what you have been told by the young lady herself about the transaction of her late father. How did you first come to have any knowledge of it?" " She was talking to me about her father one day, so tenderly and prettily, that she quite excited my interest about him," begins Mr. Frank; " and I asked her among other things, that had occasioned his death. She said she believed it was distress of mind in the first instance and added that this distress was connected with a shocking secret, which she and her mother had kept from everybody, but which she could not keep from me, because she was determined to begin her married life by having no secrets from her husband." Here Mr. Frank began to get Benii mental again and I pulled him up short once more with, the piper Jcniieu " She. told me,", Mr. Frank went on, " that the great mistake of her father's life was his selling out of the army and taking to the wine trade. He had no talent for business; things went wrong with him from the first. His clerk, it was strongly suspected, cheated him-" " Stop a bit," says I, " What was that suspected clerk's name ?" " Davager," says he. Danger" says I, making a note of it. "Go on, Mr. Frank." His affairs got more and more entangled," says Mr. Frank ; " he was pressed for money in all directions ; bankruptcy, and consequent dishonour (as he considered it) stared him in the face. His mind was so affected by his troubles that both his wife and daughter, towards the last, considered him to be hardly responsible for his own acts. In this state of desperation and misery, he-" Here Mr. Frank began to hesitate. We have two ways in the law, of drawing evidence off nice and clear from an unwilling client or witness. We give him a fright or we treat him to a joke. I treated Mr. Frank to a joke. > "Ah!" says I. '*I,kiiow what he did. He had a signature to write and by the most natural mistake in the world, he wrote another gentleman's name instead of his owner ? " " It was to a bill," says Mr. Frank, looking very crestfallen, instead of taking the joke. " His principal creditor would'nt wait till he could raise the money, or the greater part of it. But he was resolved, if he sold off everything, to get the amount and re- pay-" ' "Of course ! "(says I. "Drop that. The forgery was discovered, When?" " Before even the first attempt was made to negotiate the bill. He had done the whole thing in the most absurdly and innocently wrong way. "The person whose name he had used was a stanch friend of his, and a relation of his wife's : a good man as well as a rich one. He had influence with the chief creditor, and he used it nobly. He had a real affection for the unfortunate man's wife, and he proved it gene- rously." " Come to the point," says I. " What did he do ? In a business way, what did he do ?" "He put the false bill into the fire, drew a bill of his own to replace it, and then-only then-told my dear girl and her mother all that had happened. Can you imagine anything nobler ?" asks Mr. Frank. " Speaking in my professional capacity, I can't imagine anything greener," says I. "AVhere-was the father? Off, I suppose?" .' 111 in bed," said Mr. Frank, colouring. " But, he mustered strength enough to write a contrite and grateful letter the same day, promising to prove himself worthy of the noble moderation and forgiveness extended to him, by selling off everything he possessed to repay his money debt. He did sell off everything, down to some old family pictures that were heirlooms ; down to the little plate he had down to the very tables and chairs that furnished his drawing, room. Every farthing of the debt was paid, and he was left to begin the world again, with the kindest promises of help from the generous man who had for- given him. It was too late. His crime of one rash moment atoned for though it had been preyed upon his mind. He became possessed with the idea that he had lowered himself for ever in the estimation of his wife and daughter, and-" " He died," I cut in. "Yes, yes, we know that. Let's go back for a minute to the contrite and grateful letter that he wrote. My experience in the law, Mr. Frank, has convinced me that if everybody burnt everybody else's letters, half the Courts of Justice in this country might shut up shop. Do you happen to know whether the letter we are now speaking of contained anything like an avowal or confession of the forgery?" " Of course it did," says he. " Could the writer express his contrition properly without making some such confession ?" " Quite easy, if he had been a lawyer," says I. "But never mind that; I'm going to make a guess a desperate guess, mind. Should I be altogether in error," says I, " if I thought that this letter had been stolen; and that the fingers of Mr. Davoger, of suspicious commercial celebrity, might possibly be the fingers which took it? " says I. " That is exactly what I tried to make you understand," cried Mr. Frank. " How did he communicate that interesting fact to you?" " He has not ventured into my presence. The scoundrel actually had the audacity-" " Aha ! " says I. " The young lady herself ! Sharp practitioner, Mr. Davoger." *. " Early this morning, when she was walking alone in the shrubbery," Mr. Frank goes on, " he had the assurance to approach her, and to say that he had been watching his opportunity of getting a private interview for days past. He then showed her-actually showed her-her unfortunate father's letter ; put into her hands another letter directed to me ; bowed, and walked off; leaving her half- dead with astonishment and terror ! " " It was much better for you that you were not," says I, " Have you got that other letter ? " He handed it to me, It was so extremely humorous and short, that I remember every word of it at this distance of time. It began in this way : " To Francis Ratliffe, Esq., Jun.-Sir,-I have an extremely curious autograph letter to sell. The price is a five " hundred pound note. The young lady to whom you are to be married on Wednesday will inform you of the nature of the letter, and the genuine- ness of the autograph. If you refuse to deal, I shall send a copy to the local paper, and shall wait on your highly respected father with the original curiosity,' on the afternoon of Tuesday next. Having come down here on family business, I have put up at the family hotel, being to be heard of at the Guliffii Arms. Your very obedient servant, ALFRED DAMAGE." "A clever allow, that," says I, putting the letter into my private drawer. "Clever !" cries Mr Frank, "he ought to be horse- whipped within an inch of his life. I would have done it myself, but she made me promise, before she told me a word of the matter, to come straight to you." "That was one of the wisest promises you ever made," says I. " We can't afford to bully this fellow, whatever else we may do with him. Don't think I am saying anything libellous against your excellent father's character when I assert that if he saw the letter he would certainly insist on your marriage being put off at the very least ?" " Feeling as my father does about my marriage, he would insist on its being dropped altogether if he saw this letter," says Mr. Frank, with a groan. " But even that is not the worst of it. The generous, noble girl herself says, that if the letter appears in the paper, with all the unanswerable comments this scoundrel would be sure to add to it, she would rather die than hold me to my engagement, even if my father would let me keep it." He was a weak young fellow, and ridiculously fond of her. I brought him back to business, with another rap of the paper knife. "Hold-up, Mr. Frank," says I. "I have a question or two more. Did you think of asking the young lady whether to the best of her knowledge, this in- fernal letter was the only written evidence of the forgery now in existence ? " " Yes, I did think directly of asking her that," says he " and she told me she was quite certain there was no written evidence of the forgery, except that one letter." "Will you give Mr. Davager his price for it?" says I. " Yes," says Mr. Frank, as quick as lightning. " Mr. Frank," says I, " you came here to get my help and advice in this extremely ticklish business, and you are ready, as I know, without asking to remunerate mc for all and any of my services at the usual professional rate. Now, I've made up my mind to act boldly desperately, if you like-on the hit or miss-win-all-or-lose-all principle-in dealing with this matter. Here is my proposal. I'm going to try if I can't do Mr Danger out of this letter. If I don't succeed before to-morrow afternoon, you hand him the money, and I charge you nothing for professional services. If I do succeed, I hand you the letter instead of Mr. Davager and you give me the money, instead of giving it to I him. It's a precious risk for me, but I'm ready to run I it. You must pay your five hundred any way. What do you say to my plan? Is it, Yes-Mr. Frank-or No?" 'Hang your questions?" cries Mr. Frank, jumping I up; "you know it's Yes, ten thousand times over. Only you earn the money and" " And you will be too glad to give it to me. Very good. Now go home. Comfort the young lady don't let Mr. Davager so much as set eyes on you-keep quiet- leave everything tome and feel as' certain as you please that all the letters in the world can't stop your being married on Wednesday." With these words I hustled him off out of the office for I wanted to be left alone to make my mind up about what I I should do. The first thing of course, was to have a look at the enemy. I wrote to Mr. Davager, telling him that I was privately appointed to arrange the little business matter between himself and another party" (no 1 names) on friendly terms and begging him to call on me at his earliest convenience. At the very beginning of the case, Mr. Davager bothered -in ' ¡i-a-~-;-~~ me. His answer was that it would not be convenient to him to call till between six and seven in the evening. In this way, you see, he contrived to make me lose several precious hours, at a time when minutes almost were of importance, I had nothing for it, but to be patient, and to give certain instructions, before Mr. Davager came, to my boy Tom. There was never such a sharp boy of fourteen before, and there never will be again, as my boy, Tom. A spy to look after Mr, Davager was, of course, the first requisite in a case of this kind and Tom was the smallest, quickest, quietest, sharpest, stealthiest little snake of a chap that ever dogged a gentleman's steps, and kept cleverly out of range of gentleman's eyes. I settled it with the boy that he was not to show at all when Mr. Davager came and that he was to wait to hear me ring the bell, when Mr. Davager left. If I rang twice, he was to show the gentleman out. If I rang once, he was to keep out of the way and follow the gentleman wherever he went, till he got back to the inn. Those were the only preparations I could make to begin with being obliged to wait, and let myself be guided by what turned up. About a quarter to seven my gentleman came. In the profession of the law we get somehow quite remarkably mixed up with ugly people, blackguard people, and dirty people. But far away the ugliest and dirtiest blackguard I ever saw in my life was Mr. Alfred Davager. He had greasy white hair and a mottled face. He was low in the forehead, fat in the stomach, hoarse in the voice, and weak in the legs. Both his eyes were bloodshot, and one was fixed in his head. He smelt of spirits, and carried a toothpick in his mouth. "How are you ? I've just done dinner," says he-and he lights a cigar, sits down with his legs crossed, and winks at me. ' ' I tried at first to take the measure of him in a wheedling, confidential way ; but it was no good. ^ I asked him in a facetious smiling manner, how he got hold of the letter. He only told me in answer that he had been in the confidential employment of the writer of it, and that he had always been famous since infancy, for a sharp eye to his own interests. I paid him some compliments ; but he was not to be flattered I tried to make him lose his temper j but he kept it in spite of me. It ended in his driving me to my last resource I made an attempt to frighten him. " Before we say a word about the money," I began, " let me put a case, Mr. Davager. The pull you have on Mr. Francis GatlifTe is, that you can hinder his marriage on Wednesday. Now, suppose I have got a magistrate's warrant to apprehend you in my pocket. Suppose I have a constable to execute it in the next room ? Suppose I bring you up to-morrow the day before the marriage- charge you only generally with an attempt to extort money, and apply for a day's remand to complete the case ? Suppose as a suspicious stranger, you can't get bail in this town ! Suppose-" "Stop a bit," says Davager; "Suppose I should not be the greatest fool that stood in shoes ? Suppose I should not carry the letter about me Suppose I should have given a certain envelope to a certain friend of mine in a certain place in this town ? Suppose the letter should be inside that envelope, directed to old GatlifTe, side by side with a copy of the letter, directed to the editor of the local paper ? Suppose my friend should be instructed to open the envelope, and t see the letters to their right address, if I don't appear to claim them from him this evening ? In short, my dear sir, suppose you were born yesterday, and suppose I wasn't ?" says Mr, Davager, and winks at me again. He didn't like me by surprise, for I never expected that he had the letter about him. I made a pretence of being very much taken aback, and of being quite ready to give in. We settled our business about delivering the letter, and handing over the money in no time, I was to draw out a document, which he was to sign. He knew the document was stuff and non- sense just as well as I did; and told mclwaBonly proposing it to swell my client's bill. Sharp as he was, he was wrong there. The document was not to be drawn out to gain money from Mr. Frank, but to gain time from Mr. Davager. It served me as an excuse to put off the payment of the five hundred pounds till three o'clock on the Tuesday, afternoon. The Tuesday morning Mr. Davager said he should devote to his amusement, and asked me what sights were to be seen in the neighbourhood of the town. When I told him, he pitched his toothpick into my grave, yawned, and went out. I rang the bell once ; waited till he had passed, the window and then looked after Tom. There was my jewel of a boy on the opposite side of the street, just setting his top going in the most playful manner possible. Mr. Davager walked away up the street, towards the market-place. Tom whipped his top up the street towards the market-place too. In a quarter of an hour he came back, with all his evidence collected in a beautifully clear and compact states. Mr. Davager had walked to a public- house, just outside the town, in a lane leading to the high road. On a bench outside the public house there sat a man smoking, He said "All right?" and gave a letter to Mr. Davager, who answered " All right," and walked back to the inn. in the hall he ordered hot rum and water, cigars, slippers, and a fire to be lit in his room. After that, he went up stairs, and Tom came away. . j I now saw my road clear before me not very far on but still clear. I had housed the letter, in all probability for that night, at the Gatliffa Arms. After tipping Tom, I gave him directions to play about the door of the inn, and refresh himself, when he was fired at the tart shop opposite eating as much as IIP pleased, on the understanding that he crammed all the time with his eye on the window. If Mr. Dav- ager went out, or Mr. Davager's friend called on him, < Tom was to let me know. He was also to take a little note from me to the head chambermaid an old friend of mine asking her to step over to my office, on a private matter of business, as soon as her work was done for that night. After settling these little matters, having half an hour to spare, I turned to and did myself a bloater at the office fire, and had a drop of gin and water hot, and felt comparatively happy. ' When the head chambermaid came, it turned out, as good luck would have it, that Mr. Davager had offended her. I no sooner mentioned him than she flew into a passion and when I added, by way of clinching the matter, that I was retained to defend the interests of a very beautiful and deserving young lady (name not referred to, of course) against the most cruel underhand treachery on the part of Mr. Dav- ager, the head chambermaid was ready to go any lengths that she could safely to serve my cause. To few words, I discovered that Boots was to call Mr. Davager at eight the next morning, and was to take his clothes down stairs to brush as usual. If Mr. D. had not emptied his own pockets overnight, we arranged that Boots was to forget to empty them for him, and was to bring the clothes down stairs just as he found them. If Mr. D.'s pockets were emptied, then, of course, it would be necessary to transfer the searching process to Mr. D.'s room. Under any circumstances, I was certain of the head chambermaid and under any circumstances also the head chambermaid was certain of Boots. I waited till Tom came home, looking very puffy and bilious about the face ; but as to his intellects, if anything, rather sharper than ever. His report was uncommonly short and pleasant. The inn was shutting up ; Mr. Davager was going to bed in, rather a drunken Condition; Mr. Davager's friend had never appeared. 1 sent Tom (properly instructed about keeping our man in view all the next morning to his shake-down behind the office desk, where I heard him hiccupping half the night, us boys will when over- excited and too full of torts. At half-past seven next morning I slipped quietly into Boots's pantry. Down came the clothes. No pockets in trousers. waistcoat pockets empty. Coat pockets with something in them. First, handkerchief; secondly, bunch of keys ; thirdly, cigar case ; fourthly, pocket-book. Of course I wasn't such a fool as to expect to find the letter there but I opened the pocket-book with a certain curiosity, notwithstand- ing. ' ' Nothing in the two pockets of the back but some old advertisements cut out of newspapers, a lock of hair tied round with a dirty (bit' of'! ribbon, a circular letter about a loan society, and some copies of verses not likely to suit any company that was not of an extremely wicked description. On the leaves of the pocket-book, people's addresses scrawled in pencil, and beta jotted down in red ink On one leaf, by itself, this queer inscription : '. MEN. ALONG. 4 ACROSS." I understood, everything but those words' and figures ; BO of course I copied them out into my own book. Then I waited in the pantry, till Boots had brushed the clothes and had taken them up stairs.' His report, when he came down was, that Mr. D. had asked if it was a fine morning. Being told that it was, he had ordered breakfast at nine, and a saddle-horse to be at the door at ten to take him to Grimwith Abbey-one of the sights in our neighbourhood which I had told him of the evening before. "I'll be here, coming in by the back way at half-past ten," says I to the head chambermaid. "To take the responsibility of making Mr. Davager's bed off your hands for this morning only I want to hire Sum for the morning. Put it down in the order book that he's to be brought round to my office at ten." Stm was a pony, and I'd made up my mind that it would be beneficial to Tom's health, after the tarts, if he took a constitutional airing on a nice hard saddle in the direction of Grimwith Abbey. " Anything else," says the head chambermaid. " Only one more favour," says I. " Would my boy Tom be very much in the way if he came, from now till ten, to help with the boots and shoes, and stood at his Work close by this window which looks out on the staircase?" " Not a bit," says the head chambermaid. " Thank you," says I and stepped back to my office directly. When I had sent Tom off to help with the boots and shoes, I reviewed the whole case exactly as it stood at that time. There were three things Mr. Davager might do with the letter. He might give it to his friend again before ten in which case, Tom would most likely see the said friend on the stairs. He might take it to his friend, or to some other friend, after ten in which case, Tom was ready to follow him on Sam the pony. And, lastly, he might leave it hidden somewhere in his room at the inn in which case, I was all ready for him with a search-warrant of my own granting, under favour always of my friend the head chambermaid. So far I had my business arrangements all gathered up nice and compact in my own hands. Only two things bothered me : the terrible shortness of the time at my disposal, in case I failed in my first experiments for getting hold of the letter, and that queer inscription which I had copied out of the pocket-book. " Marie. 5 Aioxo. 4 ACROSS -It was the measurement, most likely of something, and he was afraid of forgetting it therefore, it was something important. Query-something about himself ? Say " 5" inches " along he doesn't wear a wig. Say "5" (feet) "along it can't be coat, waistcoat, trousers, or underclothing. Say " 5" (yards) "along" it can't be anything about himself, unless he wears round his body the rope that he's sure to be hanged with one of these days. Then it is not something about himself. What do I know of that is important to him besides? I know of nothing but the Letter. ' Can the memorandum be connected with that? Say, yes. What do " 5 along" and " 4 across" mean then The measurement of something he carries about him? of the measurement of something in his room ? I could get pretty satisfactorily to myself as far as that but I could get no further. Tom came back to the office, and reported him mounted for his ride. His friend had never appeared. I sent the boy off with his proper instructions, on Sam's back ; wrote an encouraging letter to Mr. Frank to keep him quiet, then slipped into the inn by the back way a little before half-past ten. The head chambermaid gave me a signal when the landing was clear. I got into his room without a soul ' but her seeing me, and locked the door immediately. The case was to a certain extent, simplified now. Either Mr. Davager had ridden out with the letter about him, or he had left it in some safe hiding-place in his room. I suspected it to be in his room, for a reason that will a little astonish you : his trunk, his dressing-case, and all the drawers and cupboards were left open. I knew my customer, and I thought this extraordinary carelessness on his part rather suspicious. Mr: Davager had taken one of the best bedrooms at the GatlifTe Arms. Floor carpeted all over, walls beautifully papered, four-poster, and general furniture first-rate. I searched, to begin with, on the usual plan, examining every thing in every possible way, and taking more than an hour about it. No discovery. Then I pulled out a carpenter's rule which I had brought with me. Was there anything in the room which-either in inches, feet; or yards answered to "5 along " and "4 across?" Nothing. I put the rule back in my pocket measurement was no good evidently. Was there anything in the room that would count up to 5 one way and 4 another, seeing that nothing would measure up to it I had got obstinately persuaded by this time that the letter must be in the room principally because of the trouble I had had in looking after it. And persuading myself of that I took it into my head next, just as obstinately, that " 5 along" and " 4 across" must be the right clue to find the letter by - principally because I hadn't left myself, after all my searching and thinking, even so much as the vestige of another guide to go by. " 5 along where could I count five along the room, in any part of it. Not on the paper. The pattern there was pillars of trellis-work and flowers, enclosing a plain green ground-only four pillars along the wall, and only two across. The furniture There were not five chairs, or five separate pieces of any furniture in the room altogether. The fringes that hung from the cor- nice of the bed? Plenty of them, at any rate ! Up I junTjYed'.on the counterpane, with my penknife in my hearts. '- Every way that "oblong" and "4 across" could be reckoned on those unlucky fringes, I reckoned on them-probed with my penknife matched with my nails-crushed with my fingers. No use ; not a sign of a letter and the time was getting on oh Lord ! how the time did got on in Mr. Davager's room that morning. I jumped down from the bed, so desperate at my ill luck that I hardly cared whether anybody heard me or not. Q life a little cloud of dust rose at my feet as they thumped on the carpet. "Hallo !" thought I; " my friend the head chambermaid takes it easy here. Nice state for a. carpet to be in in one of the best bed- rooms at the Gatliff Arms." Carpet ! I had been Jumping upon the bed, and staring up at the walls, but I had never so much as given a glance down at the carpet. Think of me pretending to be a lawyer, and not knowing how to look low enough ! The carpet ! It had been a stout article in its time ; had evidently begun in a drawing room ; then descended to a coffee-room ; then gone upstairs altogether to a bedroom. The ground was brown, and the pattern was bunches of leaves and roses speckled over the ground at regular distances. I reckoned up the bunches. Ten along the room-eight across it. When Iliad stepp sd out five one way and four the other, and was down on my knees on the centre bunch, as true as I sit on this bench, I could hear my own heart beating so loud that it quite frightened me. I looked narrowly over the bunch, and I felt all over it with the ends of my fingers and nothing came of that. Then I scraped it over slowly and gently with my nails. My second finger-nail stuck a little at one place. I parted the pile of the carpet over that place, and saw a thin slit, which had been hidden by the pile being smoothed over it-a salt about half an inch long, with a little end of brown thread, exactly the colour of the carpet ground, stick- ing out about a quarter of an inch from the middle of it. Just as I laid hold of the thread gently, I heard a footstep outside the door. It was only the head chambermaid. "Havn'tyou done yet?" she whispers. "Give me two minutes," says I "and don't let anybody come near the door whatever you do, don't let anybody startle me again by coming near the door." I took a little pull at the thread, and heard something rustle. I took a longer pull, and out came a piece of paper, rolled up tight like those candle- light here that the ladies make. I unrolled it-and, by I George ! gentlemen all, there was the letter ! [ The original letter I-I knew it by the colour of the ink The letter that was worth five hundred pounds to me ! It was all I could do to keep myself at first from throwing my hat into the air, and Engraving like mad. I had to take a chair and sit quiet in it for a minute or two, before I could cool myself down to my proper business level. I knew that I was safely down again when I found myself pondering how to lot Mr. Davager know that he had been done by the innocent country attorney, after nil. It was not long before a nice little irritating plan occurred to me. I tore a blank leaf out of my pocket book, wrote on it with my pencil " Change for a five hundred pound note, folded up the paper, tied the thread to it, poked it back into the hiding-place, smoothed over the pile of the carpet, and-as every- body in this place guesses before I can tell them bolted off to Mr. Frank. He, in his turn, bolted off | to show the letter to the young lady, who first certified to its genuineness, then dropped it into, the fire, and then took the initiative for the first time since her marriage engagement, by flinging her arms round his neck, kissing him with all her might, and going into hysterics in his arms. So at least Mr. Frank told me ; but that's not evidence. It is evidence, however, that I saw them married with my own eyes on Wednesday and that while they went off in a carriage and four to spend the honeymoon, I went off on my own legs to open a credit at the Town and County Bank with a five hundred pound note in my pocket. As to Mr. Davager, I can tell you nothing about him, except what is derived from hearsay evidence, which is always unsatisfactory evidence, even in a lawyer's mouth. 1 My boy Tom, although twice kicked off by Sam the pony, never lost hold of the bridle, and kept his men in sight from first to last. He had nothing particular to report, except that on the way out to the Abbey Mr. Davager had stopped at the public-house, had spoken a word or two to his friend of the night before, and had handed him what looked like a bit of paper. This was no doubt a clue to the thread that held the letter, to be used in case of accidents- In every other respect Mr. D. had re Iden out and ridden | in like an ordinary sight- seem Tom reported him to me as having dismounted at the hotel about two. At half-past I locked my office door, nailed a card under the knocker with " not at home till to-morrow" written on it, and retired to a friend's house a mile or so out of the town for the rest of the day, Mr. Davager left the GatlifTe Arms that night, with his best clothes on his back, and with all the valuable contents of his dressing-case in his pockets. I am not in a condition to state whether he ever went through the form of asking for his bill or not but I can positively testify that he never paid it, and that the effects left in his bedroom did not pay it either. When I add to these fragments of evidence, that he and I have never met (luckily for me since I jockeyed him out of his bank note, I have about fulfilled my implied contract as maker of a statement, with the present company as bearers of a statement. " 