INDIA. (Front the Melbourne Morning Herald.) WE have received by way of Singapore the Friend of China to the 1st March. Our contemporary, who congratulates the country on its possession of an electric telegraph system connecting the several presidencies, and on the practical initiation of the railway system, is earnestly discussing the feasibility and expediency of a permanent bridge communication across the Hooghly to Calcutta. At the official inauguration of the East Indian Railway. Mr. Stephenson made a powerful speech, from which we select the following passages : " A line exceeding in length either of the two great lines of England has been completed and opened under every advantage incident to the construction of new works in a country where a strange language, a trying climate, imperfect means of communication and transport, and other serious drawbacks, have been encountered and overcome, within a considerable less period, and at less than one- fourth of the cost of the two great lines referred to-the London and Birmingham, and the Great Western Railways. " 121 miles of railway are now completed, and ready for public traffic. "Grannies are under contract to be completed by the beginning of 1857. " 200 miles are being constructed by the Railway Company. " 380 miles are bring surveyed, to complete the connection between Calcutta and Lahore; the construction of which will speedily follow the decision as to the direction, which it will be ascertained in March next. . " 1350 miles of continuous trunk line between the metropolis of India and its present furthest confines, may be reasonably regarded as a work without a European parallel, ruler for cost of construction as already demonstrated, for the despatch which has hitherto characterized it, and which, with augmented resources, will hereafter be increased, or for the vast amount of social benefit which will be spread throughout the country. " Of the past results, the brief period of observation must limit the extent and review. " The short line to Pundooah of 375 miles has demonstrated the fallacies previously put forward, that the native population could not afford and were not disp used to travel by rail way-that the works could not be constructed, or, if constructed, could not be maintained, and that the cost would be excessive. " Practice has refuted theory-and the evidence of the senses has satisfactorily controverted the specula- tions of the fancy. "The line is made, has been maintained, is moderate in cost, yields a large surplus, after paying all working expenses, and is universally availed of. " It has imparted a new impulse towards realizing the boasted mineral and agricultural wealth of the country. It has dispelled the illusion that detection and punishment follow crime at too measured and distant a pace to deter eff nder3. It has been the means of providing occupation for thousands. It has incul- cated into the native mind new ideas of the powers of combination, the value of time, and the inestimable benefits of speedy and cheap means of intercommuni- cation. It has infused more enlarged views, and extended the circumscribed sphere of thought and enquiry. " These are among the results of the past. 2 " To anticipate the future would open the door to a discussion too vast and comprehensive to be permitted, to be more than briefly referred to." ; - We extract the following items of intelligence from the papers before us : " The first sod of the railway in the North-west Provinces was turned up at Mirzapore on the 10th February, " The Government of Madras is about immediately to establish a class of assistant civil engineers for employment in the department of public works, the appointments to be open alike to Europeans, natives, and East Indians. The salary is to be fixed at a minimum of 400 rupees, to be raised eventually to 600 rupees. The following are the indispensable qualifications :-' A familiar knowledge of surveying, levelling, and plan-drawing, illustration of ground by brush or pen, the art of building, use and preparation of materials, the principles and practice of estimate making, arithmetic, and a considerable acquaintance with geometry and trigonometry.' " The Bombay Times, in allusion to the completion of the base line of verification for the Grand Trigonometrical Survey, states that the labours of the survey have increased, owing to the addition of new ? kingdoms by no less additional surface then 169,827 square miles in eleven years. To these must now be added Nagpore and Pegu, and we have an increase in this period of fully-250,000 square miles. "The Hindoo Intelligencer tell us that the steam- l ferries at two of the ghosts in Calcutta, which belong to natives, and are managed entirely by native engineers, yield about 100 as. a day, or £300 a month to the proprietors at the low rate of half a page, or less than a farthing a head. Yet some sixteen years ago, when the Steam Ferry company failed, and their vessel was offered to Government for a third of what it cost, Government was dissuaded from purchasing it on the advice of Colonel Forbes, who urged that it would never answer. " A most daring attack was made on the night of the 13th February, by a party of Buses Keil Afree trees, on the camp of Lieutenant Hamilton, not seven miles from Peshawur. Two hundred of them surrounded the camp with lighted torches, and fell upon the sleeping inmates, and slashed about them with their long and deadly knives. In eight minutes sixteen were killed and thirty wounded. The wretches then set fire to the tents and decamped with seven or eight thousand rupees, six horses, and every thing they could lay their hands on. Lieutenant Hamilton was saved by his revolver, with which he defended himself from five assailants at once. He has received five or six slight wounds. The attack was made in revenge. The Akhor Afreedees had accused the Buses Keil Afreedees of having been engaged in a recent murder, and Captain Coke blockaded their valley ; their cattle and flocks were seized and sold by auction, and the foray described above was the result of this proceeding. "The Englishman states that there is a gentleman in Calcutta who possesses an original document which will for ever set at rest the question of the authorship of Junius' Letters. It bears three signatures is that of ' Chatham' on the right hand side, and on the left those of Dr. "Wilmot and J. Dunning. Those who have seen the document are induced, from the appearance of the ink, the paper, and the writing, to consider it genuine. " "We are happy to learn from the Hurkaru that Miss Hayes' concert for the benefit of the Patriotic Fund, on Saturday last, realised about £200, which is the sum she will hand over as her contribution to this national object. " The annual report of the Assam Tea Company appears in the papers, and we are happy to learn that the operations and results of the past season form no exception to the satisfactory accounts of the prosperity and advancement of the Company, it has been their good fortune to submit to you for the past few years. The crop realised last year was 478,240 lbs., which was 107,589 lbs. over that of the previous year. *' Sir Henry Somerset, we are happy to perceive, has been confirmed as Commander-in-Chief at Bombay, Sir De Lacy Evans, who has seen fifty years' service, having wisely declined the honour. It would have been singular to see the youth who volunteered for the expedition to the Mauritius, when at Berhain pore in 1808, return to India, the hero of fifty battles, after a lapse of forty. seven years. " The Lahore Chronicle states that the Punjaub Force, to a man, artillery, horse and foot, have volunteered to serve in the Crimea, or wherever else the authorities may please to send them. " We are delighted to see it stated in the Bombay Gazette that the Board of Trade in London have at last agreed to bring a Bill into Parliament to provide for limited liability in partnership, and, no doubt, it will become law in the course of the session. This will be the commencement of a new era of improvement and prosperity which will cast all our former glories into the shade. It was not supposed that Mr. Cardwell would have come round to the limited liability law at so early a period, but the tide of public opinion has doubtless been rising rapidly. We are happy to find that Government has given the command of the Sikh regiment of For. zippers, which is just vacant by the retirement of Major C le brooke, to Lieutenant Brussyer. He raised himself from the ranks by his conduct during the late wars, and as Adjutant and second in command of this corps has been very instrumental in bringing it up to its present state of efficiency. The command is one of the most valuable appointments in this army. Such acts of justice and wisdom as that we now record create a wonderful stimulus throughout our European soldiery, and we only wish they were oftener repeated. One of the native medical practitioners at Bombay, Dr. Buijorjee Derable, has established a gratuitous dispensary in the work, for which he deserves the thanks of the community. The number of patients in the year was 5959 ; the attendance, " ethnically" con- | sidered, is curious Parsees, 85 69 ; Hindoos, 10.52 ; Mahomedans, 1.65: Jews, 1.24 ; Christians, eight tenths of a unit. But the worthy Burjorjee has ! adopted a new mode of classification, that is, according to "habits;" and out of 162 patients, we find the habits of the great bulk of them thus described liquor, 477 ; snuff, 377 4 smoking, 252 ; liquor and snuff, 108. This is a most astounding fact in the statistics of tobacco. Is it really a fact that at the Western Presidency the number of natives who take snuff is one-half more than those who smoke ? We wish some one who feels an interest in the matter would follow up these researches, and account for the fact. We make the following extract from a letter published in the Bombay Times with great pleasure. It refers to the great improvements which have been introduced into the much abused province of Scinde : - The native of Scinde enjoys, also, the advantages de- rivable from good revenue and judicial administration. These departments are systematically carried on, and regularly inspected ; justice is dispensed as fairly, quicker, and more cheaply than elsewhere; estates, villages, and hamlets are known and defined ; the forests are preserved ; cotton and flax cultivation have their respective superintendents ; the roads have their inspectors; the public works their special engineer officers ; the post travels eight miles per hour ; a train of camels moves daily right up and down the province with a rapidly increasing amount of goods ; the Sud dear Bazaar at Sukkur, already a great einpsrium of trade, improves annually and no week passes wherein improvements in the way of new roads, gardens, extended cultivation, irrigational works, and other fresh means and appliances towards development of resources are not, and in all directions, made. The express from Bombay brings intelligence of the death of General Carpenter, the father of the Bengal Army, which he entered in 1781. He has thus been no less than seventy-four years in the army. Last year there perhaps was not a more hale and healthy couple within the four seas of Britain than General and Mrs. Carpenter, though they were both beyond ninety. A Madras paper states, on the authority of letters from Batavia, that towards the end of December four vessels and a steamer, apparently men-of-war, and Russian, were prowling about in the Eastern Seas, looking for prizes. It is surprising that none of the Straits papers should have made any allusion to this alarming squadron during the months of December and January. If the intelligence had been authentic, we must have heard it from them in the first instance. The Friend of India, of March 1st commences a long article in recommendation of the annexation of Oude as follows: "The headlong progress of disorganization in Oude, and the announcement in the local papers, which has of late become more frequent, that Government was on the eve of annexing it seem to justify a thorough examination of the whole question, It would he superfluous to dwell upon the advantages which that kingdom enjoys. The natural exuberance of its soil is above all competition. The noble stream s which descend from the Himalaya, unlike many in our own provinces, flow near the surface, and diffuse fertility over its plains. When artificial irrigation is requisite, wells, calculated to last for 15 or 20 years, may be constructed for the trifling cost of two or three -pounds sterling. The population is not like that of Pegu, sparsely scattered over a vast tract of country, but is fully adequate to the cultivation of the soil, " It does not consist, as in the Punjaub, of men whose trade tionary vocation is the sword, but of a body of hardy, industrious, hereditary cultivators, whose skill in husbandry is superior to that of the peasantry in our own provinces. YetOude, which was designed by Providence to be one of the gardens of India, is gradually becoming a waste wilderness. In no division of India have we so lamentable an example of the withering influence of a vicious/Asiatic Government. Nowhere else, except perhaps in the case of Hydrabad, have we an opportunity of seeing, and almost feeling, what India would soon become under the unchecked operation of native misrule. It exhibits all the weakness of anarchy, and all the vices of despotism. It is like the prophet's roll ' written within and without, and there was written therein lamentation, and mourning, and woe.' The King is a cypher, known only to the inmate of his seraglio, his buffoons, and his parasites. If there be money enough in the royal treasury fortheroyal pleasures, the king's anxieties are at an end. The man who bids highest for place is sure to obtain it, and it is covered only for the power it affords of practising extortion. There is, in fact, no Government at all, in the sense in which the term is usually understood ; there is no control in the power which ought to be supreme, and no responsibility in those who ought to be subordinate. The industrious peasantry are ground to the earth, on the one hand, by the powerful landholders, and on the other, by the king's own officers and soldiers." The United Service Gazette says, " Out of upwards of two hundred officers of the East India Company's service, who presented themselves at the East India House, as candidates for employment with the Turkish c mtingent, few have accepted appointments. About 150 have allowed themselves to be registered as conditional volunteers. It appears that the Company caused it to be intimated to the officers that, while in the Queen's pay and allowances of a superior rank, their own pay would be stopped, and no assurance was added that they would be allowed to retain the rank they might temporarily acquire." The Corporation of Gateshead have just erected baths and wash-houses for the convenience and accommodation of the poorer classes, at an expense of £1900. At Coombe wood in Herefordshire, has been discovered the remains of two mouldered chests, containing a large number of Roman coins in good preservation, including fine specimens of various em- perors. 