ACTS VUBSUS DESPATCHES. T(1 TTTE T:nTTOR OV TIT15 ?RERTSTER. Sir — Allow me to call attention to a pomt that has hitherto escaped notice, that we have ao ambiguous despatches to puzzle us in our efforts to compile a new Constitution. Our last untortunare essay was rumca Dy me ooscu rity of official despatches. Some read them one way and some another ; but all we have now to mind is a straightforward Imperial Act. The only despatch about which we need trouble ourselves is that of Lord John Russell, in which he directs us to the Imperial Act of 1850 ; so that we can now lay aside all Downing-street lucubrations, even Lord John Russell's paper included. It is to be hoped no one will attempt to throw dust in the people's eyes by talking about what the Home Government will ot will not do. We have carte blanche within specified bounds, and have nothing to do but take off the cream and extract the narrow oi the Act of 1850. I quite concu^ln youi recommendations on this score ; but allow me to add that I do not think your case is com plete, unless you protest against ' despatch' interpretation of a law that speaks plainly itself. I am, Sir, &c;, A PLAIN MAN. August 20, 1855. Trinttt Church Vestry Meeting. — An adjourned meeting of the scatholders of this church was held on Friday, 17th instant. On this occasion Messrs. Kingston and Main were present, in addition to those who attended the roeetinfr of Tuesday. On resuming the considerations of the ' Fundamental Provision?,' Ac-i some further strictures were agreed to by a majority, viz.:— Clause 9. That the concurrence of two-thirds instead of a majority of all representatives in office shall be necessary before any decision upon a doctrinal matter can be an act of Assembly ; the words, 'and binding on the laity,' to be struck out Clause 13 to be struck out, and to be replaced by a moro simple clause, having the effect of 'extending the right of vote at the election of representatives to seatholders. - Clause 14. In this clause, 'and throughout the document, tho word ' district ' to be used instead of ' parish.' Clause 16. This clause occasioned a lengthy discussion, and was finally recommitted. It was objected to it that, as a clergyman could not give op what De did not possess, the clause was unnecessary ; that no sufficient prece dent could be died in the history of the Colonial Church to render necessary such severe enactments to bind the clergy. It-was, moreover, injurious to the character of the clergy generally, whom the members of the Church were taught to hold in esteem, that they should be treated with suspicion. M«. Tomkinson ably explained that it was chiefly intended to meet special cases, and assured the meeting that that clause had been prepared under the highest legal advice, but the meeting were not saUsBedwithit. At 10 o'clock the meeting adjourned to Tuesday, the 21st inst, at 7 p.m. Tfiisrrc Chubch: Vestet Meeting. — We arc requested 'to notify that the adjourned meeting of the Trinity Chnrch Vestry will take place this evening (Tuesday), the 21st, at 7 o'clock. MoEMOKissL — Last night a meeting, con vened by public notice, was held in Mr. Macgpwan's school-room, Stephens-place, to discuss the doctrines of Mormonism. At a preliminary meeting it had Men agreed, that the discussion should be conducted by Mr., W. Dale and Mr. J. W. Norton ; the subjects being-^-lst. 'Thst baptism by immersion is essential to salvation. 2\. 'That the laying on of hands is neeessarr as ^Gospel ordinance for the reception of the Holy Ghost The affirmative of these propositions was taken by air. Norton, and the nejjative by Mr. Dale. The sum of3d. was charged for admission, and the room was crowded to overflowing. Messrs. Harbin and Wood were chosen Chairmen, and each speaker was allowed 20 minutes. Mr. Norton was first heard, and after stating that tho doctrines of Mormonism were not only' misrepresented, but misunderstood, quoted largely from the Bible in proof of tho first proposition. Mr. Dale spoke from the same authority in opposition to Mr. Norton, aid con tended that the interpretation put upon them by him was not ?warranted, many of the passages quoted, he said, had no bearing on the question, and that even the apostles of Mormon, Smith and Bridpnan Young, did not believe in baptism by immersion. The speakers were heard patiently for the first two hours, after which the audience became impatient, several persons contend ing they had come to hear the creed of the Mormom discussed, and not to listen to arguments on a subject which wjs considered to be oithodox by a portion of the Christian Church. The second proposition was scarcely mooted, and after much noise and confusion the proceedings terminated abruptly. It was decided that Mr. Norton had not, to the satisfaction of the meet ing, made good the first proposition. Austeamak ExflobatioS. — 'We would remind those of our readers interests in the explora tion of the interim of this continent, that the subject wiU be discussed this afternoon, at the usual meeting of the Philosophical Society, to be held at 5 o'clock inthe City Council Chamber. It may prevent misapprehension, and lead perhaps to a fuller attendance, if we 1 state that all persons interested, whether members of tne Society or not, are at perfect liberty to be present. 