JACK ADAMS, TUB LáBT OF TIIB «SBA'. ., i.. -.LIONS.1'-A SKETCH. , . (Frtmtht Untied Service Maguint.) "BY Unwin'F. BOBKRT». . When I V»» a mere Ind, Juok Adams wa» an eld grfulv-headed, griizly bearded, ann-drled, iernpe»t-béáUn, oooan-nnrtared piece of hnmnn bronte, .standing »ix feet high in lila pumps, When bo' wore them," (hough wreck, and fire; and water, and the " ¡ron rain " of battle had for . nähr a year beaten against his brave old trunk, leeking to bend or break ir, and signally failing in both. . He was, to my thinking, one of the finest specimens of humanity, ana, of hi» class, ono of the handsomest men I ever »aw. To look st him, n oolosjus made up of huge fisher's boots, an enormous pta jacket, and » onst-iron-looking "sou' wester," ag;li*y appeared out of the quo- tion, and even ordinary locomotion seemed doubt- ful ; he looked so devoid of joints-waa snob a cumbrous piece of immobility. But fow were as agile ns Jack, His step was ns active »nd as springy a» a youth's, sp4 his natural energy of character gave bim a linhtvome buoyancy, which Was equivalent to the natural elasticity of twenty; and even then, with tbe snows of three »coro.falling upon his crisp, curly hair, which yet retained enough of Its original colour to »how bow dark it had once been ; he could foot it with the merriest, and go through a hornpipe or a reel (on rare occasions, for Jack had n character f r gravity), as lightly and as trippingly, and with RS faninstio a toe, na hit had done thirty or forty year» ago,'when ho and his shipmates lind landed from » cruize at Portsmouth or at Deal, and plunged with the delirious enthusiasm of young; seamen, who had been years afloat, into the Wildest excesses of their timo. Jack. merits a faithful portraiture, and the more faithful the more flattering, for he was among the last of those sea-lions of tho pu st age, who had fought knee-deep in bloody scuppers, lader the eye of Collingwood, Parker, and Nelson. Iiis age, ton, was a graceful, sod oven a reverend one, for be was universally food of, and a favourite with children, and nsed few oaths, unless in ex- tremity, and then, doubtless, I hoy were "double ?hotted." Cast in a rough but remarkably fine monld, with a width of chest and smallness of loins, whore rausole and tendon were p i eli ed Uko layer» ot springy «tee], with a conformation of limbs' which uuitod strength, ao tl vi ty, nod a unique statuesque beauty together, tie waa at sixty a marvel cf preservation aud rejuvenescence. His features weroof somewhat large proportion. Tho nose was almost "Roman" iu it» ourve and length. His uudiramed eyes still retained, in their grayish light, their twinkle of ion, fury, or firmness, aa the mood nicht be on him, for Jack wa« irate and explosive ai o grenade, but destitute of all ap- proach to harm. His mouth was lar^e, lips severely chiselled, and, without one beting- missing, his teeth wore strong, regnlnr, and very while ¡ in faot, it did one goi'd to behold Jaok laugh, for every feature joined io the honest expretislon. His hoad was firmly and somewhat haughtily set between shoulders which might have serred as a model for those of HU Atla*. Bronzed by exposure te that deep and dusky red seen 1B Spnni&h; maho- gany, with a still dee (.or and rloher hoe of rud- diest boalth glowing in eaoh oheek, you have Jack Adams, as nearly as I can remember him moro than a quarter of a oemury ago. My ocqnilntnnco with him oommonocd some- where about 1824, ab au age when every blt of timber I could lay hands upon, "beg, borrow, or steal," took the extraordinary forms of those qaeer cruft "which go down in little waters,'' and vf here every pond, lake, or tiver, becamo so many Atlantic'(resans and North Seas, when you cross knee-deep ia rusbos, moisture, and xnnd, to meet the vessel you have sent sailing off With a veri "flowing sheet" from ono corner of the pond to mebt the arrival of the same at a foreign port on the other. Three hundred " «nil-of-the lint)" did I, no doubt posse's, " docked" in every pocket, and pulled ont when occasion, in the shane of a puddle of water, offered Itself, and out of this fine fleet, Jack, with his jack knife, had ?at" out fur me some Boora or two of (he best, lime j were bulky, wall.sided, orank things, carrying their own cargo within them, ai 1 disdained making a hold and decking it over. Jack was an artist, and I did the rigging, pitching, and tar- ring, and "serving," to perfection. Oh, my fairy fleet) whither has it lolledÎ What fancies, and dreams, and wild yearnings, did it bear away to that phantom land it assuredly made sail for ; wrecked, mayhap, in sight of Prospero's weird isle, the orewa made up of filmy thought* " lapped in Elysium," while 1-1 sra floundering here-yet dieatnlng of that dim and visionary past with something like afi'eotion, lomothing like regret, mingling together. My old »¡ena bad lieen " bred" to tbe lea from a boy, and I bore wilfully avoid a bad pun. Ai cabin-boy of a coaster, be was familiar with every tbore of Britain. Entering the merchant service ere manhood came upon him, he navigated the Paoifio, the Atlantic, the Indian and the North Scsi. Ile bad vbltcd the Levant DB well as . Polynesia, and many a wild tale of picarooning, of wreck and mutiny, of Télate. Ho bad f pent the better part of the Inst twenty year» of bis Ufo In the Royal Navy 5 und, neaping from brawl, and bittle aud wre.tk, with mere outs and braises, Jack had much to say of the Providence; tbat preteoted him while score» died in every way around. For Jaok was leligi. out, aud supera tit. lons to boot, and while he invariably rebuked swearlug and profane Inn goa^e, ha would dilato on the perils of sailing on a friday in ft manner that was worthy of the "Anolent Mariner." Having been paid ott at the otase of tho war, ho hud married a wile, pur- chased a boat, and settled down in the little town of Flint, where (although not " native born ") he took possession of the Deo, according to the ci do of the "rights of roan," and cast his nets and sold his fi-h for many a pleasaut year. But I am wrong iii saying that he sold lils fish. Il was his hard-working, industrious wife, Molly Adams, who did that part of the work, and vf oil did she help her goodman in their laborious duties, Molly Adams was a redoubtable woman. She had,I nm convinced, thu "hardest" features that ever woman possessed, and tho soffest heart that best tn female bosom. Tall well nigh as her husband, «die looked-ns, with basket on head, and with great strid e, tho traversed through the strnets of the town-Uko on incarna- tion of stern, forbidding ferocity ¡ but a kinder woman, a tenderer nurse, or a more generous creature, never lived ; and it is posdhlo some jnay yet live, who have reason for eaylng so besidcB myself. The town of Flint, situated on tho Dee, with its old eimile and "goldern smuts," (.» few of them lying.under tba ko of the castle, wuerico at night 1 have heard fairy nius'o,) is by 110 minim metro- politan j and Mol h's voico might be ht ard shrilly rising from the dia'tiuico of many »ti eels, from tho markui-phico to utmost olioun.fri euee, for the said town is not ex.ons!ve, though it has room to the like, had Jaok to roost o bullock, os I well romerob.-r. On tlio ono side are lead works, potteries, and ibo like. On tim oilier, and stretching over Innilet and villano, ure coal-pits in abundance, Ibo ugly maoblnery oftholr ehafis appearing In thu twilight liko the. arras of some litinllu andvery grimy ghost. Then there iso hilly scot lon, embrnclng t» Btrat'i of oobrj clay, with willoh wo would tattoo and ruddlo our visages on hnlf-holidnys, and otherstolmi hours j" proo* thereof, till wo wore like so many Indi In their war-pnlut. from ibo |>ri«on door* (|n wbloh prUon the town boye oro now used to piny at ball), and along tho High-street, was nat very far ta the dusty, "coaly" country, arid, burnt up,.and black IIB lt wu« wlih tram-rojds ii,tor seeling lt. At the comer of thu HIrcets und by. lanes leading to the pits, groups of colliers might bo icm squatted on their linniichi'H, or diinulng the "fiog-hornplpc," with astonishing vigour a Ld perseverance ¡ and Molly's voice, lit a clangour of mui.aeiug iippronob, irruid bo ntl mo- tivo a« a spell, for some there wuru who ventured to "chuff ' tho fish-wlfc, but tboy wore gonn-ally"1 Incxporiuncod, und with nil their audacity did not duro to repe.it their trhieiry after. ifaok'B IIOUKO was commodious, chilli, Mibslmi tlally furnished, and tho ilnoljiiig of iiotiml own fort. Tho Ir/ipt.ies and spoil*, tho collected curiosities of wild nut ut o mid Hivuge ait, which bedecked his walls, nero wot thy of a sinai) museum. Clubs mid canoes, hort!Mu musks from so'mo Now finland " mural," grassy garment., holmots mud" I rom palm leavtn, spears of junee* wood and tippod with tho slmrk's teeth, flinty headed arrows, betides an old naiket (snob a« old ona I) his polished cutlass and belt, wbiob bong In the plane cf honour over tbo fire-place, strange Indino pipes, calabashes, a genuine China punch- bowl -filled, too, on state occasions-and rosny otber tbiugs too numerous to mention, met the inspirer's eye. This was in Juck's sanctum or inner room, looking into à trim, pretty (tarden, whore hollyhocks and roddcstroses grow. They are all withered now, and as dusty BS their honoured old owner. Tho outer Toom was of ruder order, and devoted to sails, nets, spars, and stray waifs picked np at cen. There, too, the fish was sorted, and in the mighty enuldron was cooked the delicate shrimp. Still, and despite the confusion of the stowage, tho strong band of order wielded hy Molly was paramount. They had been married some years, but had no children. Doubtless, this made them so kind to the children of others. Many a nice feast of orisply-browned fish has Molly pre- sided over for the benefit of suoh " innocents'' as hnd learned to look on her wiihottt drea I. It did not take long to arrive at that conclusion. Jack's bo«t was a half-deokod substantial coble, that would carry a goodly haul, and was in all respects an excellent oraft, whioh Jack m ar aged, In all weathers, like one who partook of a second nature with his second treasure-- Molly hoiog A.1. With him it was ray delight to go on such occa- sion's as I could legitimately, and even otherwise, to the great terror of my mother, and in defiance of paternal law, and a little thrashing, till Jack smoothed the difficulty for me, ss I had become a favourite with the old tar, und he was always delighted to have me with him, though I gave him no small amount of trouble, which, however, did not diminish his regard. * Sniling about on thc Dee, beyond that mere " poetry of motion" enjoyed hy a boy in fine breezy weather (for I was never with Jack in a gale but once, and that,* as I may narrate, came on us'nncxpeotedly), is not rich in rcene assooia tiens ; but lot ns get on hoard tho " Molly, ' ns Jack hid gallantly christened his coble, and seo. The mast is stepp?d, and pushing; ont from among the "ruck" of boats- coasting smacks, sloops, schooners, and the like, which lie close to the lead-woiks (lîoskella,' I believe), loading with coal, pips of lead, ito., we hoist away the red fore» nnd-nft mainsail, and shipping the queer rudder, the makes for seaward, with something like tho eager instinct of a marino animal. Passing, with many a goodly stretoh and tack, by the lend-works, tho flat and dreary surfneo of Morfa Rhjddlm (for Rhyddlan Marsh) Btretohes away to the left, lill Bagil't is aboam of us, whence a heavy, tub of an old steam- boat with nsthmatio effort daily left for Parkgate, that being the nearest route (or tho country people, groziers, etc., to reach the Liverpool markets ; and if we did not drift our nets In that neighbourhood, it was only to shift the helm, up jib, over with tho lug, and we were Boon crossing tho tumbling water« ot tbe mouth of tho Deo, where, with those of the Mer- sey, they aro lost in th o ebb and flow of the channel, when the good sailing qualities of the coblo were alwayB put to triumphant test. The flat shore ia lost. Tho dim ond dusky out- lines of the Welsh mountains risc like a faint purple haze behind us. The boat leaps on liko a courser, and, seated cn the little dock forward, n hilo J ick, with a short pipe in his mouth, mindi helm and sheet, I enjoy the bounding motion, that clears every topplii g wave which approaches. If on business, wc now make one of a fishing fleet, and'our-nets nre down with tho others. If nat, " we go abend.'' Hoon we cross tho mouth of the .river, and tho low sand-hills on the Oheshire lido begin to lift up. They undulate-they increase and deorense t yet lhere is little to break the through a flotilla of cobles, yawls, and wherries, lifting their nets, cr watching with eager interest, and much enstle-buitdlng in the air, a sail on the horizon hero and there, ranking fi r Liverpool, or departing thence ; or the Dublin' steamer leaving a long Hue of smoke behind her, and Balling away int» oiou'l-lmd. Then comes Neston, snotty »nd barren, whoso brackish springs barely supply a scanty verdure on the shore of the inhospitable coast. Water is a blessing there, and I have paid sixpence for a cracked teacupful on one ocoasion-paid it as a regular charge (I hope it is not to), and not as having the remuneration left to my own ideas of liberality. The country farther from the Dee is pretty enough, bud, sadly marred with sand-hills, and adrift like a email Sahara lies on either hand for aores inland. Soon we call past Farkeate (unless we might put in to refresh), the Cheshire, ferry, a pretty bustling little place enongh, and letting draw the sheets, skirt a shore that now grows bolder and more broken, tho sand- hills becoming an Indented red sandstone, having many a rugged opening, and girding here otid there a little bay, where belated or benighted, or storm- surprised boats, might put in for shelter, nnd pass the eight in uttor security. An inci- dent connected with one of these may be worth relating, ere I prooeed to rummage my memory for nne or two of those surprising narratives which made Jack to me as great a navigator as Captain Cook, and as dauntless as " Grealheart" in Bunyan's brave old book. We were going to lift the nets off Pike Point (n local landmark on the Cheshire side) ono night, when the tide waa on the turn, about eight o'clock. It lind been a breezy, Indeed half squally, day, and the broad sunshine bad been partially obscured by clouds soudding from the nor: h.west. Tho moon rose early, and gaily we sailed along. I was a do-nothing on this oooasinn, for Jack had a stout yonng fellow to assist him, ai the affair required help. Jack had already looked with some euspioion at tho worst qnarter of the heavens, and hesitated at one time to put out, and mest to take mn with him ; but for the sake of hts nets and the haul he experted to take, bo decided. Wo had arrived with others on the fishing ground in trood time, and in an hour had filled tho boat with a goodly cargo of fish, the assortment being " promiscuous" rattier than not. Having filled tho well, fastened halon and locker, and made all snug, we prepared to depot t. The Rsils were hoisted, the good night given and returned, and wo were on tho woy homeward ¡ and though tide «nd stream wera then agaln«t tn, we had the fast freshening wind In our favour, and by hugging tho low shore wo mide oxo,lient progress I could coe that Juok, while steering, was casting moro than ono anxious look behind bim, when presently tho sky heonme obsourcd, the moon was hidden, and the rush of the vigorous blnst came snorting over tbo waves Uko so many coursers starling for a race. Jnak shook bis hoad ns ho slightly shifted tho helm, and gtve orders tn his help regarding tho jib and mainsail. The blast then caught ui, and irought, one after another, hugo tumbling wovos in our wake, burying Ibo bows In foam ¡ hut the form nf tho bow, tho simpo of Ihn ruddor, and the stumpy bowsprit tipped up nt iv sharp anglo, lifted her nnso out. of tho water, und on wo went with tho velocity of a ssa-blrd. A little beyond Parkgate, when tho tk'ois out, there is a hard sandy waste, whfoh reucbes thonoo right noross to theaoulh of Flint Cast lo, and whioh is passab'e during the period ol' low water for foot passengers, who know how to pick their way, or by the aid bf n guido, otj<l even hurtes are talton ovi-r thus hy one fainilar with the track ; but tho ntto.npt ls extremely hnznrdoui whon tho wind ii from Ibo north and went, whluh brings thu titlo up the estuary with on alarming degree of swiftness. '. lt. will bo a wild night In tho Channel," paid Jack *, " aud tho shores of tho Money will know it by tho morning There will be handing down of spirt, and striking of musts, or I'm nils* tafeen. A'n't that »oma one crossing tho sands!' and ho fciizod from beneath his hand in thu onward direction ol' tho rivur. " IV," replied tho other, "und he'll hardly got over hefuro they ure soft, ns n spougo-lill .they tuok lu liku it hug. lt's nomo oso on hnrttuU'-k. Tho gund won't «tumi weight u moment. Th» struggling moonlight faintly fell on the sf ie» in ol' the lien, towiirtlii whlou the fonmlng thlo wits rn-liing willi rt muss nod velocity timi wns terrific! On this more tranquil lino ol n (flated iipht I saw a litr.ieniun, whoso hulk "tis lutiltlplieil into Minot pioportloos', furiously gal- loping Tho ante lind driven muss after muss ol dark und hurrying o'ou-ls II hove us till they begun to lottie with ti ponderous! hteiidth over lieut), nod tho foam now careering by thu Bides ol tb« boat in cleueV of Minding spray, mt tbe moment bid the rider from view, and only at eaob bonnd our gallant coble took «ould we iee tbe hazy shores, for the rest being surrounded by a seething, boiling nips of water, bid all but tho dun nnd leaden sky from view. It was necessary to bold our way awhile ere wo could change our course inna oblique dlreotion for Flint}. brit before I could understand what was meant hy Jaok'e sudden cry, and the tre- mendous lurch we experienced, willoh made the clew flap and crack like pistol shots, the sheet having gone by tbe run, two opposing walls of water eeomvd to rise ou either side, I fancied that the way on the Baads was olear to the very sides of the castle. In ¡ts very heart, and while the hoat was suspended on an enormous orett, I beheld the horseman urging on his steed. I even fancied I could hear his vsiee, a voice, that changed into a wild and appalling orv for help ! ohanging by the dread terror which fronted bim into a shrill wail of woe uttered out of the very jaws of death 1 > Tho watery walls met, blended into one, and resolved themselves into ayeaBt > that-eist, west, north, nnd south-Bottled fonmingly down, hnv ing licked np > and obliterated tho sands of the whole traot. Every «ballow and puddle, and > foot- way nf the river, that a few minutes back was dribbling itself hither > and thither in its fiat chan- nels were now a raging tide against which no > living thing could withstand for long. But man and horse emerged while we were preparing to run for a haven considerably above tho Parkgate shore, that being not only nearer, bat wind and waters were now resistless, and drove us along even with only the jib up and a small sall aft to assist in Bteering, Up emerged man and horse in the momentary ntoonlii-ht, looming like come phantom rider in the hazo of the spray. "Turn! turn for God's sake I" shouted Jack, "yen have a bare chance for life ; buck for the shore , let the horso follow us if he can, or The rider seemed to havo a consciousness of auoh peril as only an instant and a miracle can avert. Plunging in the rising tide, the horse in turning reeled on his haunches, and frightened or beaten Ly the raging waves, stumbled. When next he rose, he was riderless. "Stand by with a bight of that coil," cried Jack, BS the bout bent ubont, and lock well astern.'' Jly some power analogous to capillary attrac- tion, the streamlets and pools lying in the sands of a river like thc Dee, for instance, appear to have a sympathetic affinity with the ruing tide ; for while that is yet at a distance off, these Btnnll lakelets inorease and swell, and eroep with a deadly steallhincsB between you and the shore, till tbo swollen current of the river itself, aided by late rains and the notion of the wind against its flow, have iu an inoredihly short space ren- dered tho »hallow and easily fordable stream for- midable, and prepared it to mingle with the tide with a power equal to its own. On suoh occasions the waves are oceanic : the firt>t onset, soto speak, treenondour, and the peril imminent to tho best boat, without faultless management, that was ever launched. The horse, without, his rider, now swam with the tide as if he had boen one of the steeds of Theseus ; and as we had no farther care for him, our whole attention was directed to the unhappy master, for whom we feared the worst. The coble on an even keel rose and fell ; but methought one wave rose, and rose, "ns if (he waters ware, forming a fearful pyramid, on which, like esme trophy, our boat was to be fixed, from whence 1 gazed into the cavernous gloom, vast, roaring?, and insatiate. I faneied that crest after crest, each like the enormous bead of some monstrous creature as horri rible as that of Gorgon, with limbs trailing in unknown depths, like Satan's in the "burning marie,'' ohased with ravenous jaws the helpless viotim of their fury, as be was borne by like a feather in the air, his strength of no more avail than a cable made of spider's web. Once, onae we beheld bim struggling, his bands uplifted ; and the dreadful stony despair of those eyes, and parted lips, is a thing that yet haunts me iu my dreams. "Look out, and hold on Uko an »nobor for life -for life 1" and Jack, ai he hallooed, hating given hil assistant the radder, itood up forward, coil in hand. It went whistliug over the waters, ont almost as unerringly ai the lasso is thrown There was a tug, a breathless pause. The man had caught the line, and Jack took a turn on the bitte of the little windlass. " Hold on I'' he shouted ; " hold on, and you are saved 1" Alas 1 ho only drew in the sleek of tho line, as he soon felt. The nest moment, as if by meglo, the boat, driven stern on, gilded forth from the water on to a sloping beach of sand, as if she were going to sail on another elemont, less yielding, with the same ease. How this carno to pass I know not, for the boat was beaohed be- tween two walls if rock, against whioh the Burf was dashing with a force that would have knookcd her into shreds, If she had not run olenn and clear into this singular harbour, whore she lay dry and secure as if on the middle of a plain. Trembling yet with the terror which oppressed me like a nightmare, I followed Jack and his companion up a slimy wooden ladder ; and to my astonishment found myself in a place, half hut half cavern, the sides formed of the rook, and the roof made up of rude rafters, stuffed with gorBe and straw. This was supported in the Centre by the stump of an old mast, and the whole again (ai I afterwards fouud) oovered with sward. From tho land it was perfectly inaccessible and invisible; and lt required to know the sccrot well .with more than one explanation, ere it could bo discovered from the water. Jaok had already lighted aonndle, and was now busied with the Aro, whioh was . very necessary, and soon burned up. Besides ourselves thero was not a soul In the place, which wai moro like Robinson Crusoe's cave than aught else I can liken it to. From the boat we had _ nlrendy fetched Forae biscuit and ould meat; with these, a flask of spirits and some frosh water there fortuna'oly happened to he in a keg on board, we made a hearty and rofreeblng meal, whioh was needed by all, And now a word as to our plaoa of shelter. Uhesli.ro, lt is well known, abounds is salt rooks nnd saline springs t and " once upon a time'' salt was a splendid article of contraband, when the duty was high npon lt | and the Dee was n highway where' it was found neoessnry tn station revenue oui tors, olHcers, "look, outs," an il the like, and many a ehase bnfl taken place in sight of Flint Oiistle, nnd ninny a landing undor Its lee, for all tho dead drag, weight, and danger of suoh a cargo. It was something to opposo the gnbol. It was more to get salt cheap. Never could tbero have been a placo hotter rids pt ed for playing .' hide and sock'' than this. It was known but to very few, mid the secret was yet carefully guarded, for tboao who kuow lt hus. ban-tad lt well It wns n plemnt idea that when night carno on, orwlion occasion nesessi. tated a shelter, lt was hero ts be found. Thero was a fraternal fair play about its possession, ton, that was not without its interest. I spent ninny sn al'tor-honr with Jack Adams here, walting the tide, repairing nets, or bidding truo Hiller's revel : nnd it was hero that Jaok told me many a dreadful story of mutiny and wreok, of smug- gling expfdltlons, eca-fights, surprises, nnd tho like, Bonie ol'which yet live vltidly lu my memory. That ulajit, while tho storm howled and the waters raved, was spent lu silent nwo or dreiimiug sleep. Tho next looming tho shores of the Dee and Mersey were strewn with wreaks ; and among ibu corn-os plckod up was that of a farmer ol' Mold, who it was known had, In his dUdiilnuf advice, mid at n time" when u quarter of nu bout was worth a lifo, rashly ventured with bin boree to crass the sands, and so perlsbtd in thc treacherous (Ho. dur association with his futo gave Importance to au event, whioh to mo wus one ot tho most momentous of my life. When our brave boat touohed tho pier at Flint the following day, among tho anxious and ex- pectant «to»tl ol' men und women standing un tho hom li j a iw Molly Adams, her face blauohed, and her eyes red tiud wet with bitter tears, fore munt nf thom all. She tremhlod »hun her oye mot htr hiu.hutd'H kindly smile, »nd I thought tho would huvo fallen I saw tho alose clasp und the warm embrauo thone two honest souls gare ouch other, and an nfloutlon beyond words, diep M death, ont» ta be tov.ken by tb* grate, waa asnifesUd in lb« silence with whioh they met For poor Molly, with nany athen, had dreaded tho wont, and had now to thank Ood for the brave, loving life that wat yet spared to her; whilst others wrong their hands and best thier bosoms ia. all tbe profound agony of that grief whioh "will rio* bu comforted," because he that they lovod so deeply too was no longer among them to love or to ohido, to protect, allot- ter, and cherish. 