CORNWALL CHRONICLE, COMMERCIAL, AG31CULTUfiAL, KAVAL AND MIL'.TARY REGISTER. h?.T it br ImiiroMcil opnn your mliris. Lotfl be fnitllteit Into your clilklrcn, tlml the I.lntnTv op tup. Pbgss Is Oil' }iallatlloiH of nil tlie civil, political and religious rights of an ElitdMiuiiin. Jumc6. Lmcnrr jrltli danger It to bo rrefrrred to t\Mcrr wit|, security. 611.1.UST. Wednesday, JJecejidi:b 5th, 1855. IHE GOVEiiNOlt'S ADDBESS. The nddrcea to the Council, of Sir Henry Young is n document-, of wliicli we con leas ilic purport lo he more emburraBMii': ihnn eati^fiyill{,^ Revioiving it in tliu order of il» topics, it opens with the subject ol linnnce ' bccnusio it will bo found to de mand rariiett attention 111 order tu the maintenance of tin public credit.' Tliu temporary diflicukv (us it ia cnllc-d) now i'elt, tins arisen from tlie nonrcniifation ol tlie Intimate of Kevemie for '55 not wit Ii Htandiiig the nid of bnlnncoH from 1854 Tlie Executive it npppar*, csiAy in 1S55 begnu, mid it I1118 eontinoed, to abstain from much nialioriecd expcndittire bui still the General Keveune linn been inide qualo-to meet the c-liarces on it since tlit' 20lhult. His Kscelleuey expresses liitn self desiiouis to adnpt every retrenchment, with the usual reserve clnuse, — eonsif- teutly with duu rcgnrd to the eHiciouey (it the public service ; but as on a former oc casion, so on f his, he maintains that eotne addition will be necessary to the public burthen. T!i is nccount is for from encouraging. ' lo tax and to please, 110 moro thuii to love and be wife, is not given to 111311,' nays Uui'kf ; but if augmented l.-uotioii be incumbent, in the (irnt place il will be deemed bo by llie countrv, to retrench. And the details (if such a course do not baffle discovery if they aro only sincerely nuiiiUcd. Out ol nil character ia the stnfi' of su bordinates kr-pt up iu one or two depart ments, while we could particularise in uthi'i'.s heads extra* a^niitly remunerated, fn saying tin's, however, it id but iiiir tn :idd, tli;it responsibility for lavish expptidi ttiru does not in its origin rust exclusively uitli M10 liieciitit'C. i'crlinps the most flagrant case in lhe,cataluj;ue of funclioun rvitmnndits recouipuiii-e, lies at the door ol lite council, in I ho Him-cui'c ofljce oi Sppuker, — a cuse in which, perhaps, above every other lor obvious reasons, it circum spect and sparing use of the revenue was to hnva liecn expected. Hclwccn £1500 and £2000 per annum, is the remuneration wliii-h the Council assigned to ono of themselves, to on office l,o nhieli anv of them miylit axnire. for duties which require no special attendance beyond tiiat « Im-li is already iticuiiibent on liny ineniber ol'tlie leginlalure, lo an office to which no one was eligible that h'jis not already presunmbly in oijcum Ktnncfs ot independence rendering large pay unnrcef-sary to tho dignity of the po rtion — tt kuiii of twenty fivo or thirty pounds per presidentship at meciings at which tho highly puiil individual was spontaneously, and as a matter of course, [.resent, already ! It is time, that this profligate disposnl nf the public resources uas pul an end to ; a retrenciiiuent uf a clear thousand might, without impairing the independence of the function, bo at ouce made in connec tion ivitli it, und tlitit tiioumtnd would suffice to import something like fifty farm labourers to help '! usmniiiu to pay (jovcr iiors, Judges, mid .'Speaker ! We do not expect, that any of the old members of the Council will seek to apply a correction their own profusion into the instance ndierled to; but, those who are not responsible for its origination may i perhaps decline to bo bo for its continu ance. If seventeen or eighteen hundred per annum be allowed the Speaker of the Council, surely 11 couple of thousand will enne fo be thought only reasonable for that of the lower house, and twice thnt for the President of the Upper, iu the coming Parliament I The qmstion, however, with which most persons would liuve expected the ad dress to open, considering tho circum BtMiecs under which the council's labors hud been suspended, is assigned the se cond place in the order of topics, and if the nwkwnrdness with which it is there in troduced may be deemed an indication of anything, it, betrays Sir Henry's own em barrassment in approaching the vexed question. ' Last session— Bays his Excel lency — nslccl committee whb appointed to investigate and report on the convict deportment. This mo c of investigation was disapproved of by me as superfluous end impolitic.' When, however, tlie com mittee was appointed by tho Legislative Council, iu procecdi gs were, as a inalt.r of course, not interfen.-d wilh by the Executive — until they assumed aclarac tor of imminent risk to tlm piblio peace. We are satisfied that this version of the case will never be arqu esced in by either the Co :ncil or the public. From firBt to hist, Sir Henry discountenanced, and thai in the same thing as' Buying, laboured to tliwarl, ihe itivivtigiiiions ol the commit tee, and his pretext of apprehenxion for the public peace bears no other character than apprehension of ihe ghost, or tho re ality bis own imprudent partisanship witb Mr. Hampton, bad eoijurtd up. How ever, to guard against a recurrence of this risk, Sir Henry says, he avuils himself of the earliest opportunity of doing so by legislation, ihe earliest opportunity indeed 1 After Ihe Council was summa rily and suddenly prorogued — after the country has been defrauded, at least. for the present, of the benefit of the use ful labours of last session — after (lie members of the Legislature have had ex pense and inconvenience, and anxiety ac cumulated upon them without measure, ex pecting and preparing to resume their ' duties, and then finding tho Council fur ther prorogued — finally, and above all lion'cvur. Sir Henry's earliest opportunity for conciliatory advances is, alter he lias : ' facilitated the, escape from the colony of the functionary into whose malversations the Council desired to institute inquiry— the functionary who had given it defiance. The earliest opportunity indeed! Could Sir Henry not have proposed when tho Council sat before, what he with the ill grace of postponed conciliation offers now ? Could he not have proposed it before ho resorted to his Cromwell proceeding? Could lie not have proposed ic before the belief got abroad of Us having armed solJicrs and convicts to r. press the demon stration of public opinion ? Could ho not have proposed il before ho reduced the powers he non- wishes to sanction 10 use lessuess in respect to tho case in which their application was needed? 'What does Sir Henry Young mean in the second paragraph of this portion of his Address by saying ' the enactment of a law is, of course, known and obeyed ?' 'the cnact ment of a hnv obeyed ! But passing over lor thu present intervening paragraphs, the - question of privilege is revived in liig Excellency's speech in a manner which we apprehend is not likely to strengthen, the apparently conciliatory advances in the earlier portion of it. ' Duly and sound puYtey (Ihjbhj's) will not permit me to ap prove or initiate publis and open i lives ti- ^atioiis by a popular assembly of one House inio the matters connected will] the Imperial Convict Department, which on careful deliberate, inquiry and considera tion I have already disposed of.' What is the meaning of all this ? ' Pub lic mid open investigations ' are the kind disapproved of. Arc we to understand thai private and secret ones have his* Ex cellency's prelerunce, or what is the worth of the distinction ? Public and open in vestigation, by Ac. of ' one House,' too, are the Kind denounced. Is this mere vci biage.or docs Sir Henry seek to inspire a hope of greater obequi (lusnet-s on Ins part when the Parliament of two Houses fcliill come into existence ? While we write, I lie course to be pursued by the Council remains undecided, or at 1\. 11st as yet undisclosed ; and while we have every wish fur the sake of the gene ral intercsit) of the country so seriously injured tve present by ihe protracted ftruggle which our indiscreet Executive hits maintained, that the question of pri vilege may be postponed if il cannot be Sdtisl'uctoi-ily adjusted at once, — it is only due to the Council to Bay that if it should pursue 1111 obstructive course, iho blame will principally rest with the Executive, Tu oiler n liill which may be of no avail (or years, and to uiic forth threats of a course defeating its application iti the case for which it was called, is a strange and inconsistent method of 'seeking recon ciliation. The important question of the New Electoral Bill is adverted to in the Address, but the allusion that il is bused en popu lation ml her than mere territory, nllorda iuadiquatc grounds for coimneut. 