.IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT. HOUSE OF COU MOXS, K-ncr.Mnr.it 12, [Tnncliislon nf Hi» Dulinto on tho Aildrcii.'] Mr, LAYARD unid they lind before tliem tho alternativo of n voiding nil'reference to what hud taken phire willi reference to tho war, or to soo what could he done for tho fittmv, and'support the government in earning it out with tho greatest vigour. With re¿anl to tho conduct of the \- government, hi* feelings ns he believed was the caso with nlmnst every other member in thc house, were conflicting. Either ho must forset ni) that had occurred in the mnnngemcnt of tho present war, and pince confideneo in tho government for tho future, without any reference to their policy past, present, or future-or, on tho other hand, he 0112ht' to warn tho country ntr.iin.st those calamities which might be in store for it, nnd point out those nclonts which hud occurred, and thereby obtain, if possible, from lier Majesty'* ministers such an expression of opinion as might warrant him in placing confidence in them for tho future. There could be no doubt that nt tho present moment her Malcstv's government were makins every eflort to take tho great fortress of Sebastopol, nnd ho gave the government credit for desiring to do all in their power to effect that object. But lie believed tho capture of Sebastopol however gigantic that undertaking might be, was but tile first link in tho olmin-tho first ste)) in the groat war lu which we were now ongnged. Ho believed that very shortly wo Bhonld have to choose between a peace which might bo disgraceful and utterly Inconsistent, with tho sacrifices of blood and treasure which we lind mnde, and a strngglo which, with respect to its magnitude and _ results, had perhaps never been equalled in tho history of the world (cheers). Such being Iiis convictions, ho could not help saying that after what bad passed he did not feel that confidence In her Majesty's government which ho wished ho could feel (hear, hear). If ho could believe that thu mismanage- ment which had occured was merely the result of . inexperience, and that fortho future we might hope fdr better things, ho wonld still pince confideneo in tho government ¡ but ho believed that, tlint mis- management was to bo attributed to tho wnnt of a definite policy (hear, henr). He believed, more- over, that it was impossildo for a government com- posed ns tho present was to have a dcfinlle policy (hoar, hear). How oonld n definite polioy bo ex- pected from a]cahinet which included representatives of nil tho political parties In this country from a represen tut i vc of the Holy Alliance down toa representative of tho extreme of Liberalism (cheers nnd laughter). It wns impassible to ex- pect anything but a half-a-hnlf polioy from a cnbl not »0 composed ; lint a half-and-lmlf policy and ? half-ami half measures would not do (cheers). What lind taken placo during the last two years in reference to this question? During that period ho hud repeatedly endeavoured to warn tho govern- ment and tho country upon tho subject ; hut tho sumo ap|ienl was mada to bim over and over again as was mnde bv the right honorable gentle- man (Mr. S. Herbert) that _ night-that tho apjienranco ol' dissension on this question should be avoided-that they should show themselves to bo a united nation. '"Wo admit our errors," said 1 the government. " Haye confidencoin us, and we will endeavour to bring tho question to n satis- 1 factory settlement" (hear, hear, and laughter). I . That confideneo lind been given by the House of 1 Commons almost willmot dehnte. At tho close of tho last session ho (Mr. Luynrd) ventured to warn 1 tho government of tho' dangerous calamities | which were likely lo beful our army in tho East. I Again a similar appeal wns mnde to him ; but 1 ho asked whether that was statesmanship? (Henr, I hear.) Tf tho only policy pursued hy tho govern- 1 ment was to yield'to a pressure from 'without, then Í any men whom you might meet between West- I minster Hall and Clmrlng-cross would lin equally capable with tho present, ministers to administer < the aflliirs of tho country (henr). He believed 1 that our allies, tho French,* bail almost tnken tho ] initiative In every movement appertaining to tho < present ww, 'ibo Emperor of tho French, his | Foreign Minister, and our representative nt Taris, 1 ? wero ontitled to great praise In refcronoo to tills ' war ; but our government had only mismanaged I it. Before tho commencement of the war her 1 Majesty's ministers did not bclievo there would ho ( a war. It was almost imposslhlo to bring them- ' se]ves to tho conviction that a great question hud I arisen between this country and Russin, 1 and that that question was surrounded I with great difficulties. This question might < be divided into two distinct phases - 1 tho per'sid when ponce was possible, mid t ho period j when it was impossible. Unfortunately her Mnjes- j ty's ministers did not perccivo tlint the' Emperor of j Russin, after tho pnssngo of the Truth, hnd pledged < himself to a certain |niliey, and had undertaken n 1 great task, from which ho could not recodo without ( materially injuring his influence in tho Enst (hear, | hear). Our government then unfortunately placed i themselves in tho hnnds of Austria, instead of 1 pursuing nu independent, course. Tho first step of 1 our govornmoiit, lifter tho déclaration of war, was 1 to send troops to Malta, and then to Gallipoli, after ' tho Emperor of Russia had revealed Ins policy. 1 From Gallipoli tho troops were sent to Varna, 1 against his (Mr, Layurd'.s) enmest remonstrances, i At Vanni tho troops were decimated by disenso. I From Varna thoy wera nt length seilt to the I Crimen, where no provision wns mnde for them, not 1 oven a singlo depot lo fill up nny vacancies that ' might occur in tho ranks, lt was probahlo that I had tho British forces proceeded nt oneo to Selms- ( topol, that fortress might have been captured ¡ hut s Lord Raglan was prevented from pur- I suing tho Russian army after tho battle 1 of tho Aluin, because there wore no mean» of t conveying tho wounded except by ambulances, the ( miitiugemont of which hud been entrusted lo old f pensioners, whoso days of activo service had long t sinco passed, and whoso sanctum was tho beor- 1 shop, and nil of whom woro uflecfud by delirium 1 tromeiis. Tho consequence was not ono wns able '! to enter on the dillies for which lie lind gonn ont, I And with regard to thu tnedicnl officers, was it. not ( notorious that after tho baltic of Alma from tim) 1 to 700 wounded Russians woro left to th« clmrgo s nf ono mun, Dr. Thompson, who hud since died, 11 attended hy his servant, un Irishman iiuiiif.il t M'Orath-a nimio that deserved immortal'!'v. 1 But, nfter that, battle, ono would have thought 1 that tho alt eui ion of tho government would Imvo I been thoroughly routed to thc critical position nf 1 our anny in the Crimea. However, (ho fact was, t our army was not prepared for a siego of such I mngnllildo. He remembered rending a Kjiecch t delivered soma time ago liv 11 nollie friend nf hi« c relativo to thu enormous amount ol' ammunition 1 supplied to tho army. Now, in refereneu to that 1 statement, all ho would say wns, that supposing i thu siego continued to lui carried on ns it wns t ' on tho first, dny when our dru could hurdlv keep I down tho Russian butteries, all that enormous sup- t ply ol'aniiiiuiiilion «mild Imvo been exhausted 111 \ six days, while tho whole number of guns compris- 11 lng our siege train, including lits mortars, only 1 amounted to lit), and these woru opposed to almost, ( inexhaustible resources. Last summer it was said r that tho Austrian government occupying tho prill- t olpalitlus would prevent tho llmuduiis'froin rchil'orc- | lng their anny, und what, was thu result, ol'that c trust in Austria? Why, that four corps nf tho 1 Russian iiruiy wero lriiii«|Kirtcd into tho Crimea, t mid our army lind to light the hall la ol' Inkerman. c And what lind Impjieiied in tho lillie? II» was 1 one ol'those who did not wish to deprecíalo tho t services which had been rendered to their eouiitrv I by tim licet, hut ho couhl not help (minting mit | how, after having destroyed Ibo fortifications und * deserting tho place, a prochilimtlou wns issued tu 1 tho inhabitant* calling upon them ul their rub liol 1 lo enter Into relations with Russia. Nowtheonlv I lolidonoy snell a policy could have was to divert ' Sweden from Joining mir alliance, in fact through- t out all thu proceedings thu great want, nf om* 1 government ls 11 definite policy (loud cries I of "hear, hear"). It was 'thu cunio in 1 (Ireoop, where wo interfered to prevent. Turkev 1 demanding an iiidoiiiiiifientlon fur nil th« 1 Injury doun lo her Christ inti subjccls on thu < frontier ol'(¡reece, ll, wm tlie sumo In Circa**!*, I and the *aino In IVrslu, in bulli ol' which eases nu 1 means ha I been taken to *ecure coopérai ion against I Russia. So that now, ut thu end ol' a veitr, tho only result obtained ls that, our urinv has got a looting lu Hie Crimea, and nut liing els« jins boen 1 done towards Ibu settlement ol'this great question. Amtrla hud allowed Russin to semi enormous 1 reinforcement* Into tim Cnineii. ll, however, now nppuared timi wu lind concluded 11 treatv with Austria. Hu should liku to know thu term* ol' 1 tlutl treaty, fur ||.< coiil'uncil hu had great ml* giving» na to tho policy of Austria. If we even succeed in getting Hie 'Crimen, Russia iniglit still refuse to ncccdo to our term«, mid oblige ns to send « second expedition ont Ibero. Ho conceived timi pence wns utterly inqioasible nt tlio present moment, becuuso 'any terms wo could now oiler Russin »ho could not, itt ber position, with honour mid dignity accept. It thcreforo remained with us to determine what our pol i ay really was, und how the war was to be carried on. He did not believe that tho government were alive to the immense difficulties in which wo were placed. Ho believed that their policy hitherto was only to meat emergencies nt the moment-they did "not look beyond the moment nt hand (lienr, hear). Tho Russinns will shortly havo nearly 200,000 men in the Crimea (cries of" oh, oh "). An hon. member said " No," but lia was told some time ago that it was impossible for Russin to brine up any rein- forcements. In tlio camp of tho Crimea we were acting as if it wore impossible for llussia to bring np niiy reinforcements - that it was not only phy- sically impossiblo for her to do sn, but it was im- possible, on account'of the position which wo were told that Austria lind assumed. Now, what was tlio fact? In ono night we found 100,000 men on our flank-00,000 attacked us nt Inkerman. Of those we were told there was not one regiment that liad been engaged in tlio battle of the Alma. Well, then, there were 40,000 men nt Alma; so that those two armies amounted to 100,000 ; 25,'00 men attacked us nt Balaklava, mid 10,' 00 mnde n sortio upon our left, nnd nt tito same time the bat- teries ol' Sebastopol wore playing upon us. Ho would ask the house to moko' up tho account of those different armies, and they would find that it would como nearer 150,000 titan 100,000. Having removed our fleet from the Baltic, Russia can now send the troops sho lind stationed in that quarter to the Crimea. Did Hie liouso for n moment think that tho Czar, when his honour, his empire, and his throne were at stake, would for n moment relax his ellbrts in the sustainment of tho present wnr? We are carrying on th« war upon n new system. Wo .had mudo au absurd attack upon Odessa (hear, hear) ¡ while wo have left tho great granaries of Russia untouched. Up to this moment there was no blockade in tho liluck Sen. On tho 2Uh of September, when tho troops were landed in the Crimen, when the Russians had sunk eight ships of tho line at tho mouth ol' tho harbour ol Sebastopol, there wns a report that several of the Russian ships of the lino had actually left Sebastopol. We ¡vere so ignorant of their movements although in sight ol their harbour, that nn order was issued for our vessels to prepare for action, and to follow the enemy out to sea. In respect to tho trade of Russia, tho only trude that was stopped was the corn-trade. Tho trude in linseed, and other Russian articles, wns still carried on in Constantinople. Wo must not conceal from ourselves thu fact that wo are in a critical position,, nt present. Fresh troops were dally coming up to tho nid of Russia, and fresh attacks wcreueing made upon ns. But we shall ultimatoly succeed, for tho honour of every Englishman wns pledged to our success. Tho moment that Russia sees that tho capturo of Sebastopol is inevitable, they will withdraw their troops. They may leave a portion of them nt Perekop, but they will take the rcmninder to Asia. General BiliilofThnd 100,000 men in tho neigh- bourhood of Persia. Ho (Mr. L.) warned thu country Hint next year the most fatal results may ho anticipated from tlio presenco of tlio Russian troops in Asia. Now wo hud dono nothing to pro- ven t tho mareil of the Russians into Persia. Tlio moment that Russia obtained possession of thc provinces in that quarter, it was impossible that we could expect tho Czar to treat with us. Tho gigantic power of Russia extends from Knmsciititkato tlio White Sea-¡tis advanced und strengthened every year. The question of Poland was the real question. It wus in Europe that wo must check the ndvnnco of Russin. In Asia it wns useless to attempt it., It was only by establishing nu independent nation in tlio centre of Europe, that wo could nt all hopo to pr. event Russia pushing forward lier ambitious views in the midst of Etiropo (hear, hear), lt would nppenr that tlio government bud done the least possiblo good in respect to tliis wnr, nt tho cost of tho most money. They had economised up to tlio latest moment, and they were now running into tho most extravagant absurdities. Now that was not tho way to carry nu the war. What wns the other principio upon which tho government neted t Why it was to give the greatest publicity to everything'nonnectcd with our war movements (hoar, hear). Ho did not «¡sit to say anything against tho nowspnpers of this country-, but it was an undoubted tact that they lind informed tho enemy of our arrangements. Tho government could not complain of the press for tho publication of thisfeitolligenco, because it lind itself maced tho press in this condition (hour, hear). Jinny of tho most recent improvements hud, however, been mudo in tlio hospital mid other comforts of our army by mentis of tho press. There had been a total want of medical supplies nnd comforts ; now, however, tho govern- ment were sending mit n commission of iimiiiry upon tho subject. No person, however, Illumed the medical stall'. What was complained of wns tlio want of precaution in not sending out a sutllclent medicnl stall'in tho first instance Although tho government placed tho Journals of this country in n position which was now complained of, it must bo generally admitted that great praise wns duo to them for tho nccurtito descriptions given by them nf the transactions in tho Crimea (hear,'hear). With regard to our army nnd navy, he thought Hutt all wore equally worthy of commendation. Captain Peel had performed tho most valuable services at and after tho battle of Alma. Ile be- lieved Unit tho fleet under tho command of Sir Edmund Lyons had been tho non) of this expedi- tion (hear, hear). Tho merchant service of tho country was also deserving of tho greatest credit for thu. service* rendered us during tlio war. Ho thought that the soldiers would inlicit prefer seeing honourable mention mnde of their naines in Ute lispatulios limn ibo gift, of Xii for special service. I'lioae who had witnessed their devotion in the field lieeiuno coiivimicil that (hoy woro worthy of livery- distinction which it wns in tho jíower if tho government to givo them. He *ii»- n mun who bad lost both his logs in action, mil who asked hi« commanding oillcéi- whether he thought ho should, dio of his wounds. Having been told that ho must put his trust, solely in Pro- vidence, tho niati HUH], " Well, if 1 dip, I "shall dio happy in the discharge of my duty. Hut, if I live, I shall feel proud ol' mv maimed stumps." lt was rarely that dispatches from tho seat of war men IInned thu working men, Generally they described I ho imaginary virtues of commanding' ötlicers nnd juicers ul' the stall'j battalion nlllcerii wem seldom Hulloed. Hut what had tlio odicers of tho Guards Inno V Why tlui.su tuen woro ninny of thom re- maining to this day in Ibo élut hes t hey had on llielr hacks w hen they first, landed in the Crimoii. Hy a novel proceeding they were made to curry their own baggage, mid they had nothing ¡ti'tho world besitlu what they had on their backs. Such i einciiinstniica was almost altogether unheard ul"t hut if proper precautions hud been tnken nt tho Diitset,menus of transport »nulli havo boen provided, nnd thin wiinlil noverliavencmirrpd. lt was the mis- fortune of this country that it allowed men tn perish, and when they nero dying heaped moro I'liurity and sympathy upon them than t hey needed. He warned tho public against 'rushing*into ex- tremes. TJit* present wa« mit a war of temporary durât iou. Tho demands upon English obiirity would cou I i il ur. |).i not lot f hetti, therefore, waste their money in Juins, umrniuliidc, mid things nf that sort, which, after all wein nut necessary. All their mulley would ho required in process nf lilia', nu let them husband theil' resources, and they »nulli by mid bye flint t lieut nf real benefit t'o those upon whom they desired to «unter their favours, It wau nil very well for tho Scerotury-itt. Wur to say the army wu» bet or prnvisloiied' now than lt wus in the Puiiitimilitr war. lint hud we not tundo progress since I lien ? Why, In 40 years tho whole state ot'things had changed, und un annv which wits in tin nutter condition limn that would bu un credit to the eoiiiiiilKsitnitt. This was not tho moment fur wavering, and lie wild boldly, wo must niter tho whola system, mid ont down with lim knife. lt wus useless tn up|Miint gentle- men to high eiiiiiiiiunil simply became they lind served with distiuiillnti iii Ibo IVniusiihi. Ile mindi tod Hutt they were ns Jinn mal gallant mau ii* ever misted ¡ but such uppiiitittiiciils «inly etpiised theiu tu llin hiss ol' their well-cimcd lejiii tiitiuns, by pinning Ilium in posit Inns libero they ccilihl lint, discharge their duties with eruilit, either tn llieniHelves ur In Ibu eulin try. lt, wus physically liuiinssible, Indeed, (hut limy could du thu work le itilired nf thuin, lin warned the lintisu suhiiniilv, ilia'., unless limy n<Io|itoi| ii i]u]|t||to und douklild policy, greater calamities tlian those wo liad airead experienced must iucvitalily occur. He believe that out ot' the whole number who had perished li disease, we might, by common precaution, hm saved ono-third, Ilo'entroated the government I adopt como policy, ami let tho house and tho com try know what that policy was ¡ nnd, especially, 1; appealed to Lord John Tlmisell, as leader of tl; grent Liberal party, to indiico the government t ndopt a policy which, although it might no perhaps, reconcile tho conflicting opinions of coalition ministry (cheers), would up moro i nccordnnco with tho dignity, the honour, and tl Interests of the empire"(cheers). After a considerable pause, dining which ,n member of tho government seemed inclined :t rise, Colonel DUNNE addressed tho house, an whilst agreeing with tho Secretary nt AVnr, thc they ought not to go bnck to the causes of th war, which were clearly traceable to the vacillatio of tho Premier nnd the ministry, contended tho tho conduct of tho wnr was n matter that ought t bo most strictly scrutinised by the house nt thn moment (henr, henr). As to the retention of th troops nt Varna, he believed that that was not th resnltof any military polioy nt nil. On the centran the simple reason for it was that theyworeiinprepnrèi to go elsewhere. He held «Iso 'that the prope proportion of cavalry and artillery lind not gone ou with tho forces ; and that the army was not a first supplied ns it ought to hnve been, either ii hospitals or commissariat. Tho number of bnyo nets given ns nt inkerman was perfectly corrècl Tho officers of the army deserved all credit fo theirachievemonts, and the flank marchonDnlnkhivi would go down to posterity ns one of the fines militnrv movements ever made. The attnek 01 tho right flank at Tnkermnn was mado becansi there were not men enough to spnro to mount tin two-gun battery, though that was tho key of th< jMsition of the army, lt was not from want o knowledge of its Importance, but from a def! ciency of troops. Tho right honorable gcntlemni lind s'nid the anny was well provided with i siege train ; 'but it wns the fact that then would have been no guns to attack Sebastopol ii sufficient force if the sinking of the Russian shipi at the month of the harbour had not left tin Ttritisli fleet free to spare their heavy guns, Hi (Colonel Dunne) had no doubt, however, that wlini could he done would bo done by the British army, nnd Hint if Sebastopol was not tnkon it would nbl be their fault, but that of thc government. II« saw no ronson why tho militia should not have been called out earlier in the yenr, nor why tho 11 battalions now on their way could not havo beer sent long since, lie complained that tho reinforce- ments dispatched lind been in small bodies, and that tho army, therefore, was never able to com- pleto its relative force He condemned tho con- duct of tho government in not making a stipula- tion with Austria upon the occupation o'f tho prin- cipalities, whereby Omar Pasha's hands should be left free, and by that means ii diversion be created in Bessarabia. He did not agree with the right hon. gentleman that tho Russians would advance upon Constantinople, because their renr would bo threatened in that case from Varna ; and though they might cross tho Kulkan, they would certainly bo destroyed nt Adrlanoplo. In conclusion, hê condemned the conduct of the war as deficient in vigour and eserpy. 'Mr. DlSRAKL'l.-I ngrco with my honorable friend in tho surprise he has expressed that her Majesty's ministers do not think it necessary to make some reply to the speech of the honorable member for Aylesbury (hear). Tho honorable member for Aylesbury' is not a supporter of those who sit on these benches (hear, hear). Indeed, ho almost ostentatiously informed the Lord President of the Council thnt lie was peculiarly attached to him (Inughter). I have no wish tó tamper willi the allegiance of tho honorablo member for Ayles- bury to tho Lord President of tho-Council ¡ nor cnn I reciprocate the animosity which ho says ho feels towards tho other section of the cabinet. Rut whatever that honorable member may say, I should, when tho opportunity offered, certainly givo every' attention to tho remarks of a gentleman so much muster of his subject (hear, henr). I should not, moreover, forget that ¡li his individual, instance ii man of genius was addressing the House of Com- mons (hear) ; and remembering that ha lias Just como fresh from tho scone of that memorablo notion which fills tho minds and touches Hie hearts of tho people of this country, and that he rose in lils place to make serious charges against the government, the fact that ho has not been answered by any mem- ber of that government is not ono which will reduce the honorable member or the gravity of his charge ono iota in public estimation (hear). For so far as I can form nn opinion on tho course of hiimnn life, from tho past of nn individual, I think (lie honora- ble member for AyIsbury will bo remembered^ by posterity when n great portion of tho existing cabinet'will bo altogether forgotten (hear, hear), even though his neighbours or his enemies forget to answer'his very interesting speech. I should not myself have felt particiilarlyanxious to address tho hôuso on this occasion had I not thought, from something which dropped in tho course of this debato that silence on my part might give rise to misconstruction of my motives, or be interpreted Into acquiescence of tho conduct of tho govern- ment. I did not oxpect, nnd 1 witnessed with groat regret, tho necessity, that I should have felt it my duty to participate in tho debates in this now 'nessi'm of parliament willoh I thought ended lu the lust, and to viiidlcnto once again tho princi- ple of freedom of discussion in this House. Remembering tho stnto of the country- remem- bering what Inst occurred In this, 1 may term it, agitated chamber- remembering that the future lato of thU great ampire was then at stake remembering the thril ing events which have occurred sinco then-remembering that tho people of this country, when parliament was assembled, looked to it," If not for redress, nt least tor some sympathy with tho deep emotions by which they wero moved-remembering theso things, I say, I was greatly surprised, T must confess, that govern- ment should havo advised tho Queen to assemble parliament at this unusual period, and then give orders to their creatures that nil dismission should ho not morely deprecated but arrested (henr). That they should 'attempt-rashly attempt-to govern tho'country for ns long a timo ns they could with- out applying tn the House ol'Commons, I pan well understand. Their dilKetiltic* aro great-their embarrassments aro increasing ¡ and they might have thought that timo and fortune would place them, some two mouths Inter, in a moro advanta- geous |insitlnn. Hum tlint they now occupy. Rut, having felt, it to be their duty, or having deemed it to lie t-licir interest, to take, tho stop they havo taken, 1 was greatly surprised when tho honor- able gentleman who' seconded tho Address, tho brother of a cabinet minister, sought to impress upon tho House of Commons the expediency of silence in reference to tho present stnto of allah's (hem', hear). Hut that wns not nil ; tho raro iuxtirv of ono cabinet minister only has it been permitted to us to enjoy In this debato ¡ and yet that right honnrubln gentleninn filled his speech, not. only with vindications of his ollico - which, by the way, hud been only very partially nt'nolied-but. also' with a discreet admonition, to the ellèot. (hat thu loyalty of tim House of Commons would bu best proved, nlid its nharnotei' for « iso discretion most effectively established, by not ex- pressing an opinion in tho face of tho country on (ho «iiMeet ol' thal absent anny which lin« snllered so much, nnd which, in nil its deeds of high heroin achievement, was sustained hy the conviction, that when thu hour cunio their wrongs would bu criti ei-cd fur. thu people of England. (Henr.) lt tuny bo a clover tiling for thu Lord President of tho' Connell to he silent on this suhjuut, aud it may lie discreet of his attendant Secretarles of State, hut I u*»ert they have not acted with a full sctiso ol'duly In not socking to obtain un expression nf feeling, which ls at once the soul and life of tho Home'nf Commons of this country. (Hear.) Mv right honorable friend tb« meiulier for Drnilwie'i hus talien ii course on this occasion which I con- sider ls much to his credit, and one which will bo appreciated by the country t and had this debuto terminated willi lils speech I should havo been silent. Ho bas indicated tho ciiurso which lt becomes a Conservativo op|iosltloii, supporting thu ministry to lake. I cannot understand bow right hoiiiirablo gentlemen opposite can bring themselves to such ii pitch ol' feeling as tu rise and protest, against tho opinions ol' pnrlisiiicnt nu thu conduct ol' Ibu government. Last, year I lind to protest against this course. No mensuro was hroiiubt fur iva rd hy tho government even tliou^li measure* on whioh they were suhse uncut ly lenten-lu which we worn nut told to put tho qu'ctliuii tu a volo ufcoiillduuco un the part ol' thc Honse of Commons, We lmve boen told I night by the Wnr Secretory tlio snmo <Iiin<f. not," lie says, "indulge in captious criticism up our conduct, or state «lint, perhaps, J« tho opini of thc country, hut propose a vote of want of et fidence in tho'government" (bear, tienr). Sir, had occasion last year to notice that unconsti'i tionnl course of proceeding on the part of the j vernment, nnd to show by refereneo to high s thorities to parliamentary precedents, which lin <;reat weight, how such a course, if genera adopted, would strike nt tho root of all freedom, all public discussion (hoar, henr). 1 hold it to thc privilege of members of this house canvass the conduct of the government, wit ont having tho responsibility cast up them individually of asking a chnn of that government (hear, hear). If 1 rocollc aright, it was in 18?3 when this country had ministry which was unpopular carrying on the wi and an opposition supporting tlip policy of til war, while it disapproved of its conduct. On th occasion, Mr. Wyndham, BO mean authority, I pr sume, n man of 'brilliant genius, qualified by Inrj acquirements and great experience, rose and sn he trusted that the unanimity of tlio nation on tl subject of the war would not he mistaken for un nimitv of sentiment on tho conduct of tho ministr and that he supported tho ]>olicy of the war whi ho disapproved of the conduct ot the ministry. M Wyndham spoke that ns a member of the oppos tion. Ho was followed by some of tho most em ncnt members in the house, and no ono impugn! their privilege of questioning tho policy of tho gi vernment or declared that they should bo oblig( to test their opinions by proposing a vote of coi fidence or no confidence to parliament (hear, hear Yet, this reparteo of last session is now agni brought forwnrd to-night ; and wo oro told hy tl Secretary nt War, in speaking of minute detuil not adverted to hy my right honorable friend tl member for Droitwich-in answering nn anon; mous accusation in the public press-that if thei was to bo a question of the ministerial conduct nr policy, the tense of the house ought to be taken i to tho question of confidence (hoar, hear). lpn test against this policy (hear, hear). I seo tl¡ object of it (hear, hear). It is to stop all discui sion (hear, bear). It is to degrade and destroy tli House ol' Commons by putting an end to tlint frc discussion which is the clement and the atmosphei of its Bystom, nnd without which it cannot li vi There was nn honorable baronet, who bore n honorable name, who rose early in tho debate, an mailo use of a remarkable observation, founded o a misapprehension, which his acute mind shoul havo avoided. Ho alluded to a speech made b me Inst session, in which I said, speaking of til causes of the war, 'that on this side of the Jiousew confined ourselves to the proprioty; of discussjn; tho causes of the war, but no captious criticisii would I hope bo ever heard ( I speak from memory on thc exertions of n future Wellesley on the bank of the Danube, whatever wore the difiiaulties h might have to encounter. That was an observa tion which referred to the military con I duct of tho war. It meant to say_ tba j we lind not tho presumption or tho wish ti criticise tho nbilities of tlioao appointed to com maud, but that we should placo in them tho conti denco which tho country was ready to pince ii tlioso whom the government in their, wisdon unpointed to those commands. Would tho honor able baronet thc member for Tamworth deny for i moment that it is the duty of tho House of Com. mons to scan and scrutinise the, niilitnrv oxnedb (ions that aro planned mid concocted in the cabinet of tile Sovereign ? I suppose ho will not mnintuin that \Valcheren expeditions are not to be criticised Ho will not for a moment maintain that such con- ventions ns Cintra and Saratoga, are to bo passed by in subdued silence. AVliy aro we a House ol Commons at oil Î What confidence have we ol commanding the respect of the peoplo if, when matters of national importance como before- ns, nc national feeling is to bo found in this house ; that we are to bo mute, and a minister is to rise and say that if you discuss such n question nt a period of'difiictilty' to tho Sovereign and the nation, wc put on you the responsibility of a chango of ad- ministration. That was a principle dangerous to publia liberty, and ono which they should not sanction, that tho .liouso of Commons, in a feel- ing of patriotism, should he silent. They were now called on to decide if they would ngree to thc Address which wo havo heard moved in terms echoing tho Speech from the Throne, a speech, in nonie circumstances, the most remarkable that had ever proceeded from that source, inasmuch ns it was the shortest we have yet heard, and confined to almost one subject. Let me, however, remind the house that it commences with nu admission of great importance, nnd ono calculated to excite tlio"attention of the wholo country. We have the announcement that the country is engaged in a errent war. This time last year, when we wore on tho verge of war, when it was virtually, not for- mally declared, no minister would acknowledge that'tha war was a groat war. The Lord Presi- dent was then ready to re-organise this House, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer, in taking tlio votes for tlio expedition, brought forward a meagre estimate for tho conveyance of 25,000 troops to Multa and back in the course of tho year, although tho house was then willing to placo 'in the hands of tho government ns much ]K>wer ns the Emperor of Russia obtaiuod hy his ukase. Sir, the govern- ment lind tho most popular war, tho most power- ful ally, the most fnvonmhlo combination of cir- cumstances, with which any country over lind entered into war before ¡ and I now ask tho liouso to consider-not whether there were suffi- cient nurses or surgeons at Scntnri- not wlint may have beon the amount of tho marmalade sent out (a laugh, and henr)-hut what has been effected liv this ministry with such marvellous advantages? (Hear, hear.) You designed to attack the powerful ruler of Russia in two opposite linrts of the world -almost nt the extremities of Ids vast dominions ¡ you fitted out armadas to attack him in two sens; you sent out an anny which was to> lindie him on 'the banks of tho most important mer in Europe ¡ and what have you dono? (Hear, hear.) Tho Secretary at War sneered at tho notice my riaht honorable friend took of tho achievements of tlio Baltic fleet ¡ but if tho ideas of tho government ns to national success ure to ho measured hy those achievements, wo havo less hopo than before of a successful con- duct, of tho war by tho present government (henr, henr). Lot mo recul to mind tho strength ol' the (leet-greater than any that had ever figured in our annuls-greater tlinn tlio allied fleets of Franco mid Spain which mot Nelson nt Trafalgar. Lot mo vocal tho circumstances under which the com- mand of that fleet was bestowed. It occasioned n debato in tills liouso (hear, hear). Tho head of tho Admiralty-that prudent statesman-that expe- rienced senator, who hud so often presided over tlint department (hoar, mid a laugh)-was a guest at tho public dinner given to tho commander of tlint great enterprise (hoar, henr). And tho most experienced _ statesman of tlio country, ono who hud presided so long over our foreign councils-a department which it is sup- posed Imparts tho peculiar character of discretion to tho lininnn conduct (bear, hear, and liinghtor) that noble lord was present on that occasion! and in tlio taro of all Kuropo, before ndmiring und reckless ignorance (hoar), thnso statesmen-tho men of whom we iwc most proud-to whom wo look up with tho greatest respect, or oven awo (a laugh) j they wore them ns tlio chief gu- sts at tho banquet, given at a political club, tb iimngurnto the ciiptninoy of this groat onterprlsp. And what were tho expectation* their speeches lcd tho country to'cherish ? Wo uro ut this timo neces- sarily mid naturally engrossed in the all-impnrluiit nll'uirs that have taken placo in tho I Hack Sea ; 1er moro tlinn two mouths thu feelings of every lionrt have been absorbed in Sebastopol. Hut," slr, at (hut timo no ono thought of Suhiisto|Kil or tho Black Sou (hear). Those wore minor matters in co!ii|)iirison with tho vast enormous armada wafted from our shores under tho blessing and tho benison ol'our most experienced statesmen, mid which bini the advantage ol' beiinr commanded hy n " tmo reformer " (laughter). Well, the Secretary al Wur pretends that, tho capturo of lloiimrsuml' wns nil tlint wns aiitlcipuled, or was oven thought of, nt tho limo when thu noblo lord (Palmerston) and his ox|ienunced eullcugim (Slr J. Graham), lent t hoir great ninnes inul illustrious reputations tu tlia Inauguration ni'llint great enterprise (hour). I will uni say that the nollie lord hud never hoiml ol' lliitimi'suml-he is sued ii well-informed gentleman that doubtless he knew nil about it (ii billyh) ; uni!, indeed, t huvu nu iden that it wits settled that the fur!Illrntlons nf Hilmarsum! were to lie destroyed before our linet entered thu Huitín (lieur, lieiir). Now, 1 hardly think it waa worth while to send for n Mni'4h»l of France mid lo,ooo Frene)) troops to destroy iv plano which a few marines would Jinv destroyed in a fow hours (henr, hear). Certoinl that was a jorry catastrophe for that vast entei prise in which tho noble lord and his wiso calleagu so deeply interested themselves on that memoral)] ocoasion*(hear, hear). Well, then, the expedido to the Baltic was not ono which obtained result at all commensurate with tho expectations érente by tho ministry themselves (hear), if it wer otherwise, why did not thc noble lord (J. Russell give notice to-night of a vote of thanks to th admirnk and olllcers engaged in the transaction in the Baltic (hear, hear). If ho had ventured t do so, perhaps wo might have made some inquirió and gained sonic enlightenment (hear). Fir, I ¡wi como to tho second of tho two great expedition which this government entered upon with ndvnn tages winch no ministry ever enjoyed before and which never can recur in tho history o this country. What did you do with that arm; yon sont to' tho vicinity of 'tho Danube Î Yon ex plain your conduct and their course, but your expia nations cannot change the result; you cannot den; that you accomplished nothing (hear, hear), am that your plans have proved barren and fruitlcs (hear, hear). You tell us that you were watching nil that time the course of events ; and this wa the excuse for tho inactivity of such of your force as escaped tho pest, which it appears hod not en tered into your calculations, although it is an Imbi tual tenant of that accursed soil. You tell us tim thev would havo noted at the right time, but tim their presence influenced the conduct of the Rus sian armies, But you have never told us that, hai it been necessary for our army to have advnncci on the Danube, you had provided the means b; which that advance could be accomplished (loni cries of " hear, hoar"}. So minister has yet darci to meet that accusation (hear, hear). It has heel alluded to by the honorable member for Aylesbury (Mr. Layard), who has stated' that you had tu means, whatever might have been tho fate of Silis trio, or tho position of the Turkish troops upon tin Danube, that you had no menus to move your arm; there (hear, hear). And you havo never dared ti declare that you had (hear, hear). But whethe: you made preparations or not, this you cnn not deny, that, ns on the Baltic, so 01 tho Danube, you effected nothing (hear, bear) And what did you effect in the third, now tin most important division of your designs? Lnto ii tho autumn, with a force, as far as we were con cerned, of 20,000 or 25,000 troops, you invndei Russia (hear, hear). You beleaguered a fortrcs ns strong as Gibraltar, and perhaps better pro vided (hear, hear). Under what circumstance did you undertake the enterprise? 'Hie Secretor; nt Wur told us that ho did not desire to blink tin policy of tho etitcrprisc, and that it was to striki a blow at tho power of Rus ia in tho Crimen Brave words ! lint if you attack n place nt tin wrong time, and with inadequate means, tin gouerul polioy of your plan will be no apology foi your conduct (hear, hear). My right hon. frieni tho member for Droitwich (Sir J. Pakington, mnde an observation »bout tents, and tho Secre- tary at War dilated immensely on the question o: tents (a laugh), which was pretty well disposed o: by the member for Aylesbury (Slr. Layard). Hui the question is not of tents (bear, hear). It regard) the polioy of the ministry, in a war commenced under unprecedented circumstances (hoar, hear) a war wirh.the greatest military power, perhaps, in the world- with tho greatest means-under the most favourable circumstances (hear, hear). I will not argue tho question on such miserable detail, ns those about tents (hear, hear). I revert to thc charge Why. when you undertook so vast an en- terprise ns the invasion of Russia with 2fl,00O men lute in tho autumn-why lind you mmlo no prepara- tion to increase, support, or sustain that force! (Loud cries of "hear, hear.") What Is the iiwswot of tho Secretary at War ? Why, ho replied, " We have done it," an I ho rends us a catalogue of rein- forcements that had arrived-after thc event (hear, bear). Tho very evidence he brings forwardproves tho charge against him (hear, hear)-if indeed, it wero necessary to prove the charge-if sad and stem events, which havo touched us all, lind not already proved it to tho satisfaction of tho nation (hear, hear). If you are sending reinforcements now, why did you "not send them before ? Why, in November mid December, are you doing that which you might have done a year ago ? (Hear, hoar.) Tho Secretary nt War snys, " It is oasy to talk of sending men ; but where are you to get them ? Why, sir, if wo aro in the position of commencing a great war with a colossal military power, and because tho Secretary at War can count at his fingers' ends that flQ.Ou'o men have been sent out from first to last, and that then we are to bo told that tho power of England is exhausted, I say " Go on your knees to the Cuar as soon ns yon cnn" (great cheering). Acknow- ledge that you have undertaken an. enterprise to which you aro not equal ? (Renewed cheering.) Toll him nt once that you havo not inquired iiito tho circumstances of the case ; tell bim at once that you havo not given consideration to the posi- tion yon ave in ¡ toll bim that tho Ministry of England, for these two years past, Imvo been living from hand to mouth, and havo not ascertained, contemplated, or calculated what may be tho con- sequence of their conduct in this great affair (great cheering). Sir, that a Secretary at War should have answered tho charge of my right honorable friend (Sir J. Pakington), a charge deserving of notice, not merely becauso it colons frotn his Tips, but because it really is tho echo of the voice of the whole country (he'sr, hear)-that he should tell him that wo aro at this moment sending out rein- forcements which could not ho sent out before because wo could not get tho men. Whyj sir, I want to know if you aro equal to the position you occupy-if you really comprehended tho circum- stances into which you had got - If you know tho slake at issuo, and that yon had to deal with tho _ solution of one ot tho most important political problems ot modern ngos (cheers), why did vou not long ngo recommend tho measures for which you now ask our confideneo ? Why, long ago, did you not havo recourse to them on a larger soalu? (Hear, hear.) Tho militia is omhodlcd-you have ollercd n sufficient bounty j but why was tho militia not embodied twelve months ngo? Why did you not offer n bounty when you declared war ? (Hear, hear.) Why dill you not tell the pooplo of England that a death strugglo wns impending, in which tho glory, tho truth, and tho prosperity of tho country were nt stake? (Cheors.) Not a word I All you wanted was to put off tho Reform Rill without compromis- ing your character (a laugh), and that, -when pence was proclaimed, you would introduce a Reform Bill a little smaller, or n little larger, as circumstances might require (laughter mid cheers). But, slr, at a time when the common strife of par tics Is not commenced, and when all this is at stake, when wo huyo not merely a parliament political but a nation political (bear, boar), when wo have tho jieoplo of this country thoroughly understanding tho question at issue, such conduct ought not to bo tolerated (cheers). That tho minister should call parliament together suddenly-suddenly to tho house, and suddenly lo themselves (hear, hear) -nnd. say, " You shall moot, but you shall discuss nothing" (hear mid laughter), "and If you persist in discussing mat tors, wo will stop the dé- liâtes, as wo aro so adroit In thu management of tho honso that nono of us will speak" (laughter) I say that such tootles uro unworthy of their posi- tion (cheers). I ask tho government in what posi- tion they havo placed ns by this mismnnngemuut of thc war ? I havo shown you, not what you have, bat what you hayo not, dono in tho Uni tlc, I do not think there is a gentleman on tho Treasury lieucb who could hide a blush when he contrast's tho couimoiicoinent ul'operations lu tho Baltic with tho in ¡semble results which have occurred (hear, hear), lt Is very well, slr, for the Secretary at War to como forward and uiiiko exaggerated allusion to an obscuro port, and refer to Uiiinnr.stiiid (hear, hear) ¡ but If yon look to tho Biiltiu you seo disappointment acknowledged hy tho government to ho so grlovous Hint you "duro not proposo a volo of thanks to tho licet in that sea (cheers). LODI;. then, to tho Duniibo (hear, hear). 1 havo ehnllungeii I Imvo (hired any gentleman sitting on tho hench before me, to shaw Hint any tImo a sulllclent col- lection of nuitiials cniihl have been got. together to have moved your army to imy quarter (hear, hear). And now what ls your position befuro this most Important placo lu the Crimea ? It might havo buen a ques- tion whether it was expedient or wisc tn invado the Crimen and nttnclt Sebastopol t but I think evcrv innn who sits lu this honso will agree tn this- tlia't if the Crimea was to ho Invaded and Sebastopol attached, a winter campaign uns tho very last Hmo you should havo chosen for your operations (hear, Iltur.) But you IIIITO clioscii your winter campaign, nnd what Imvo boon your preparations ? In November you gnvo order« to build huts. You Imvo not vet tent out tlint winter clothing which 1» adapted to tho climate, Sly right hon, friend (Sir J, Pakington) fell into n slight cn or (which J nm sure hu will permit mo to correct) in his allu- sion to tho loss of tim Prince. Ho said that tho warm clothing had heen despatched hy thu Prince, and tlint tho government were exonerated because that clothing wns lost. Tim right hon, gentleman (Mr. S. Herbert) speaks tho truth, nnd frankly. lie seems to think there is nothing like n clean breast for a minister in a serape, and betakes great credit for this specific clothing for tho Crimean climate; but-the fact is, that the cargo of tho Prince did not contain any special winter clothing (hoar, henr). It was only the common warm clothing for the troops, and not a cargo_ in any way occasioned hy the winter campaign, wllieh your policy has rendered necessary (hear, hear, nnd cheers). You have Jnvnded the Crimea ; you havo attacked Sebastopol ; hut you havo chosen to do so nt tho very worst period (cheers). You hove commenced a winter campaign in a country which almost of all others should bo avoided (hear, hoar, and cheers.) You have commenced a campaign (the greatest of blunders) without providing for it (the next great blunder) (loud cheers). Tho huts will arrive in January, and tho skins probably will meet tho sun of May (cheers). These aro 'your preparations ! (renewed cheers), lint you say that time is ol' the greatest consequence- that if yon delay the frosts will havo to bo encountered. Surely, _ however, when a ministry has so managed tho afluirá of tho country ns to bring it to such o condition tlint at last they have to go to war with ono of tliegreatcst military powers in tho world, you will agree that the decision should bo arrived at not only after deep thought, but with the possession of the most ample knowledge. Surely yon would have thought that statesmen who arrogate to themselves all tho ability and all the experience of this house would so havo played their cards that in trying this great issue they would have essayed it under tho most favourable circumstances, nnd not havo in- curred risk with the most fearful odds (cheers), lt ¡snow two years since you were dallying with Russia with your diplomatic overtures (hear, henr)^ You may possibly have supposed that your negotiations would terminate in pence. I believe tho majority of you did ; because I know that when a body of mon of different opinions counselling together have at issue the assumption of a most difficult .cause ! and task-I know that whatever may bo their In- dividual opinions-however they msy differ on the main subject-they always take refuge in tho con- solatory conviction that, they will not bo called on to net (cheers). I believe, then, that this cabi- net of coalitionists from the first flattered them- selves that tho tremendous circumstances they have to encounter, and which engage their most anxious thoughts by day and night, would never bo a pnrtof their Hve3 '(cheers). The First Minister ofthe Crown had never dreamt that, at tho termination of his career ho would be acting against that Russia of which ho was the cherished and almost thc spoiled child (great cheering). And nnother minister who has indulged in dny-drenms of what is called li- beralism, did not think that the latter days of his eminent career would be spent on a subject so widely apart from Iiis earlier predilections (cheers). Wo know the truth of this from the Chancellor of tho Exchequer at Manches- ter, and from his budget in tho House of Commons. We know that by your can- did confession that not two of you are of the same opinion; that three of you oàimot agree upon n common result (hear, hear) ; but although thero may have been an arritrê pensre that between the Holy Alliance on the ono hand and Red Repub- licanism on tlie other, thero would not be .a war, it was your duty, as responsible men, to have formed a policy two rears ago. You nppear to me not to have embraced ony definite object or pur- sued any déduite system. If you lind, you would not have told us now that you aro obliged to enter upon a winter campaign in tho Crimea, because tho time is precious and that another month's delay would hnvo rendered it impregnable. This I earnestly maintain-that tho ministry which has involved this country in a war with Russia ought not to havo taken sùoh a course unless they were prepared for all those consequences which men of their experience, ability, nnd knowledge must have known, unless thoy shut their eyes wilfully to those consequences, must have ensued. I said just now that they had called parliament together unexpectedly ; but what I object to in tho govern- ment is that they havo done everything unexpect- edly in this great affair (hear, and a laugh), they hare done everything too late, and in all they have recommended they hnvo given signs of vacillation of opinion nnd iinacrtuinty of purpose nnd necessarily, feebleness of exe- cution. Tlieso aro little things-they may bo nothing-but tho doctors came after tho men wero wounded, and tho nurses- appeared al- ways after the wounded had expired. These things were never thought of until the indignant sorrow of tho nation callpd upon you to exercise tho dic- tates of ministerial humanity (hear, hear). But the same fate seems to await yon in nil your course. Now it is your surgeons that are too late ; after the hattie your reinforcements arrive : and nt Inst tho storm mid hurricane, that every- body had been expecting, comos at last and over- whelm your navies. Well, this does not appear to mo an overcharged picture, for it fs rounded upon fnct. Does tho honso think it is Judicious that, under such circumstances, parliament should meet sub «iî'ii'io? Dut even tho resolution to enll par- liament togothcr was taken too Into (hear, hear). You prorogued tho parliament to tho 14th December, and then so uncertain was your purpose-so vacillating your conduct-so undo lined your object, Hint having assembled and coun- selled thc Sovereign to proroguo pnrlinmcnt to the 14th December, you find it necossnry to invade the proroga ive, and wero obliged to avail yourselves of tho saving aid, comparatively speaking, of an not of parliament, to call us together on the 12th (hear, hear). I shonld like to know what, Influenced these gentlomen when they counselled the Sove- reign to proroguo parliament to tho 14th? And yoi those aro tho men on whom the fortunes of this country depend. Tho noble lord op|wsite thinks deeply on this subject, nnd must have made him- self master of tho circumstances, and ho ought to Imvo known whether it was necessary to call par- liament together or not. What think von of the men who, taking Into consideration nil tho drouin stnnce.s of the nation, recommend to tho Sovereign to proroguo parliament till the 14th, which virtu .ally was a meeting after Christinas, and then, in a panic, avail themselves of nn act of parliament, nnd call us together on tho 12th ? I want to know why thoy changed thoi^ opinions? (Hear, hoar.) 1 want to know why it is necessary to provide now foran immediate innrcaio of tho forces? mid why that wns not dono when it was recommended and sanctioned hy tho Sovereign ? It is in per- fect keeping with tho whole conduct, of the government, and adds nnother to the cata- logue I Imvo mentioned. I want to know, in the dismal and doplorablo ci rou mst uncen in which wo aro placed, mid lu which wo ate alone sustnined by the unsurpassed heroism of tho English troops _ why you determined upon a winter cam- paign in tho Crliiio i, without that assistance mid support your soldiers ought to have received ? Snell a step would havo hedi considered most un- necessary and unwiso if minis'ors lind only ordinary foresight and sagacity. 1 will not say the disas- trous position of our forces, when I recollect the glorious feats of arms they havo accomplishes! ; but certainly I may say that it ls a deplurublo state of things lu willoh we find ourselves. It appears lo mo that towards tho end ol' her Majesty* Speech there is a specific. It !* not fruin these magul fl- uent Turks that it is to come, mid from whom we were to expect so mitch if they wero only com mntided by true reformers (a laugh), lt'is not from tho deeds ol'during ol' our own gallant coun- trymen, or tho enthusiasm and loyalty of the country wo aro to look for extrication from the position In which we havo been placed, but, rather as lt seems to me, from tim flint, ns her Majesty Informa ns, that, "togothcr with tho Emperor ol thol'rcnoh, I Imvo concluded nn Hillanco willi ihe liniporor of Austria, from which 1 anticipate Important advantages tn thu common cause." il tho noblo lord (Ihusull) condescends to address tho house, I would Impress upon bim that lt ls expecled from him by tho liutiso and tho country, uf which bo ls" so proud to be n member, that on this subject ho should speak willi soino ilegroo of frankness. We uro asked in the Spueoli from thu Throne to maintain this great war, und to prosecute lt with vigour and furee. 1 tr n'utaill that lt ls Impossible loïonu au estimate of what our menus will be to cnubla lier Majesty to prosecute tlio wnr, unless we Imve snmo Men nf1 tlio iisilstuneo sba ls lo receive (rom ber allies i]l0nr bear.) Wo know tho assistance «ho receives from her ally, tho Kmperorof tho French. It I» precise lt is generous, ¡t U cnnlial, it is sincero («beers ) lt is duubly generous, because, it, ls accorded to a government, ninny members of which wero distin- guished for the vitupérai ive Innguutro in wldch they Tuvo spoken of tlmt great Emperor (loud cheers). J know of nothing "more to tho credit of tho French people, gifted its they nre and hnvo been in all nges of history-I know nf notliiii" inoro to tho credit of the'French Tinier and -tim Fronnh people, than the cordial maimer in which they have cooperated with tho present govern- ment in this war (much cheering). 1 remember when tho First Lord of tho Admiralty inaugu- rated Ids manifesto against thc government of Lord Derby by a diatribe against the Emperor of the French-when I remember that another mem- ber of tho Cabinet not so illustrions (a lati"ii) determined, in order to mnko his court in tho proper quarter, to outdo tho right hon. gentleman ¡ and . not satisfied with abusing the Emperor of the French, maligned and feanda lised tba people of that country-when T remember those facts, and that tho chief of the present cabinet raised an opposition to tho government of which I was a member on account of tho indecent mid precipitate recognition of Napoleon as Emperor -I must say that I admire the candour and gene- rosity of tho Emperor of tho French (hear, hear). Ju his character, and in the character of his people, I havo tlio most unlimited confidence. J believe tlio motives with which ho mnde thij alliance nra beyond .the Intrigues or thc insolence of individuals ; it is n principle of civilisation, and a question of high feeling which the government in my mind, do not comprehend, or if they ¿o' dare not not on it ; hut which will, continuo lo' bind together Franca and England (hear, hear), Ile is anally that docs not want to bo paid for tho" nid he gives you (hear, hear). Ho is not to bo subsidised, lie is n friend with whom a treaty need have/ no secret article (henr). A year ngo.^ after tho mnssacre of Sinopc, when tlio parliament met and tbero were indignant demands from tho government of some explanation of their conduct, tho First Lord of the Admiralty rose-nnd they could not trust a bad causo to a bettor mun (great laughter and cheer- ing)-and with all his ability and nil Iiis specious experience, lie came forward to this (able and told us then-" I will not defend the past j it is Hablo to much misconception. We may hnvo been ¡dio or vacillating, but we lind iv «real object to gain und to accomplish, mid that is tho alliance of tho German liowcri." (great laughter.) Tho massacre oi'Slnopo takes place in order that we mnv obtain tho alliitrico of tlio Germnn powers. Well, have they become our allies ? (hear, hear.) I do not yet seo that there is a secret article in favour of Prussia j but AusIrin, wo aro told, lins entered into a treaty from which wo anticipate grent advan- tages to the common cntise. Now I say that wo should bo the most spiritless body of 'men that ever lived, if, recollecting that ä year ago an attempt was made to excuso your bitckslidings by tho alliunco with tlio Germnn powers-when we recollect that n year lins elapsed, and that this treaty has not yet been brought into notion-I soy tlint we should be the most spiritless body of meo on earth if we did not demand from tho govern- ment some franker explanation than wc find in this niggard notice in the speech of the Austrian treaty (hear, hear). The noble lord may say that it is not yet ratified, and that it will 'ho laid on tho table, and wo all may rend it, but I can hardly believe that a man of Iiis great ability and eloquent spirit will make such a wretched excuse. I may agree with him that it is unusual, but the noble lord should mnke a precedent on such an occasion, when sacrifices are demanded from the country, nnd should confidentially inform us of the terms of this treaty (henr). Slr," if the simul- taneous assistance we are to derive be of provisional and contingent chnrncter, to bo nttnined through tho cumbersome mnchinery of diplomacy, I should say, that, although we uro ready to support her Majesty with all tho means in our power, it will le tho greatest hallucination if wo imagino tlint Austria is going to supply any of tlioso means (hear, hear). I should have'thought, indeed, Hint tho noblo lord and his colleagues had had enough of. Hie four points. If I remember right, tho present government was formed upon four points (much laughter). Was not the the preservation of ponce-was not (hero tho extension of free trndo ; thirdly, was Ibero not parliamentary re- form ¡ and then, ns tho fourth point, was there not national education («rout humbler). It was «poa these four points that tho Coalition ministry wa» formed (renewed laughter), hut if wo nro tojinlgo by this precedent-if wo uro to suppose Unit the four p lints which Austria is to secure aro not easier of accomplishment than tho four points which tie noble lord promised us, and for which somo honor- able gentlemen o|i|insito sacrificed their principles, omi some only sacrificed their party (great laughter and cheers on tho opposition benches), hut for which tho noble lord sacrifica! both (renowed laughter and cheers). .1 should certainly feel that wo aro not entitled to receive much encouragement from this promise of tim Austrian alliance Sir, I maintain that it is the duty of tho government, on tho subject of this Austrian alliance to be frank. If tiley will not be frank with their opponent's, whe- ther they sit urion this sido of tho hmiso or the other, I would humbly venture to say it would he wiso upon the sublect to be frank with tlio people of this country (loud cheers). Tho people of this country ure not so blind to questions of _ this dia- meter "ns they wero n few years ago. Tho people of this country aro «ow beginning to comprehend the eiiormons'issuo nt stiike,~niid if they find that, with pnrllament called together, their nfl'airs aro in sn unsatisfactory Btato-and if this old ghost of the Austrian alliance is again to haunt the chm her of thoir representatives, 1 think it is not nt nil unlikely that they will feel considerable disrelish at Hie operation. I think, therefore, it would bo wise in tho government if they _ told ns the spirit ot tho Austrian alllsnce. I think the liouso of Commons ought lo know whether Austria intends merely to watch Hie gamo, and profit by tho first opportunity, or does she mean to employ the troops? And Isslionn ally in spirit and lu* blood, as our ally In France? Ye*s, England lins a right to demand that from the government which has tho management cf tho crisis (cheers) ¡ nnd I suppose wo shall hear to- night-for if licit I nm convinced that this meet- ing of parliament, and this communication from ber Majesty w ll not have tho elléct on tho country which I tor ono enrneMly desire. Hut if wo aro tn hiivo only nu interference Unit will servo hut lo bewilder nnd to mystify, if we uro to negotiate. when wo ought to not, to stop tho course of nattai conduct when tho .country, slow to nullst in ques- tions of this kind, but when, ns their blood is np, determined to accomplish their object-I say, II that is what wo ure lo imve, for mo nt least let there he no Austrian alliance-no l'ulir iinlnts-ne. secret diplomacy-but let Frunce nnd England together solvo this great question and establish and secure tlio liberties of Europe (loud and con- ti niions cheers). Lord J. RUSSELL snid,-Sir, tho right honor abbi gentleman tho member for Droitwleh (Sir J. Pilkington), in a speech of remarknblo ability, and at Ibo same time, ns I tbiiiK, of rcinitrkiiblo fairness, ttskiid for au explanation from the servants of tho Crown, with respect to several circiiins'niircs upon which ho entertained doubts, ami with respect to several objections which he entertained to tho policy which lind b«n pursued i but. ho ended hy saving, us I tmdorslooil Iiiiii, that although ho held these objections, tmV did not appear lo him to timmint to such n charge against her Majesty's ministers ns tn Induce Inn» to tiiko purl in nnv cllbrt to cause a change ol minis- try still, If hereafter hu shuiild not find Hint tho «ar wns curried on according to what ho belioveu to ho tho trim policy of the country,.lio tlioulu think himself Jus lfl d in having ricotirso lo »nt piirlhtnieiitnrv effort which might lead lo roch M event. Heneo tlifl right huniirablo gentleman tWt hus Just resumed his sjat bus spoken in n mnt ll« very opposite, mid lins delivered a speech windi1 cithiuit help saying wus undistinguished ty ¡» «»l!10 gleam of piitVloiisin. Now, in tho first piuco I wish to speak in rol'i ituico to ottr iirtny »eilt OM to tho Eiist,¡ und, first, 1 would observe Hint itu. bv nu menus snell an easy thing ns honorable gen t leinen Imagino to próvido nil the menus ot carry. lng on II wnr Jifst nt its commencement, I ¡'O"11 remember to have heard thu Duke of M c»»VB SÎ! stttto that ho wits obliged to lenvo a whole brignuo ut Lisbon during Un ec whole months itt conse- quence ol' there Leina no menus ol urinjlng il w the head-qnarlers of tho iirmy, Well, if that were ao wi tl) the Dulco of Wellington, who lind nt his disposal tho whose resources of Portugal, ought wa to to surprlsod, on our immediate entry on a war like the present, that our army is not ns.well sup- plied as could he dosîredî Tho main question, after all, to ho decided, was whether any such ex- pedition ns that to Sebastopol should be under- taken-and In considering this matter, I bog tho house not to lose sight of what were our alter- natives. Wo sent our army to Turkey to de- fend our ally ; but rm the Danube being re- crossed by tlie Russian forcos, ought wo to have taken back our army to Constantinople ? It is clear such a course wo'thl bo a great disap- pointment to tim people, of this country and to the nrmy, and that tho national spirit would have sunk by adopting a course that would imply fear of a Russian force (hear, hear). Should we then have ordered our army to cross tho Danube ? Had wo dono so no doubt somo fields of glory would have been achibved i but groat armies would bo prepared to moot ns in Bessarabia, and ovon victory would not produce peace, willoh is tho great object of tho contest. There therefore remained tho expedition to tho Crimea ; and although many were against it, samo af the ablest mon in tho French ami En- glish armies were in its favour. I confess 1 felt a confidence in it. I b?llevo it was a great risk, but I abm believed there was a great object to ho at- tained, mid that if wo destroyed the grout strong- hold of Russian power we should have dono much to frivo security to Turkey (henr). Tho right hon. laronet tho member for Droltwltch lins stated that I gave notice to Russia of that expedition. But my language of Inst session will bear no such in- terpretation (hear, hear). Jt has boon often nsked what what was tho object of the war, and I was endeavouring to point out those guarantees to Turkey that would enable her to resumo relations with Russia, I holiovo no penco would be sullieicnt for Turkey, or honourable to this country, which would Icavo Se- bastopol in the same menacing position she formerly occupied (hear, hoar). I will not refer to what has been said by right honorable gentlemen opposite ns to the Baltic expedition. I think tho admirals there and in tho Black Sea have been unfairly attacked (hear, hear). I liol ¡ovo it would he a great misfortune if, by an unsuccessful attack on Cronstadt wo got three or four of our first rate lino of-battlo ships destroyed or disabled because a Íunie would bo tho inovitablo consequence (bear, lear). The question was as to tho sending of an army to tho Crimea now or at some future period. If delayed until a futuro time when the nrmy would bo stronger, it should ulso ho recollected that tho fortifications would bo strengthened, and every indi of lauding placo in tho Crimea entrenched (hear, hear). But tho treaty with Austria hus been referred to. I do sot protend to givo tho house au iicctirato account of tte terms of that treaty; but I am ready to declaro tho position of Austria in roferenco to this country. I havo novor boon satisfied that Austria has pursued tho courso which her duty to Europe should have compelled her to perform '(hour, hour). I think, in this case, which concerned all Europe, that Austria, as a great power, ought to havo earlier joined tho maritime powers (henr, hear). I think sho was moro materially affected, and her danger greater (hear, hear), lint, on tho other limul, like a cautious power, BIIO considered her danger from Russia was still greater. Neither France uar England, with their great fleets, lind anything to fear in tho way of invasion from Russia. But it is not so with Austria. Tho Emperor of Ru*sia has got up, under the nnmo of n penco establishment, a great nrmy, of which a largo portion lins been ni ways stationed in Polnml. Tho military establishment of Austria wan loir, and had been reduced still lower, it was not until July last that shu informed her Majesty's government that her preparations wero nenrly completo. But it was considered necessary by nil tho m'dltnry mon of Austria to li'iako entrenched camps, so us to form the bases of Ojicrutious in caso of a war with Russia ; and it was.not until thnso preparations wcro completed that she took even tho first step in this movement. Austria now says that if penco is not restored within tlie end of tho year, sho will herself apply to be admitted of tho con tedern cy. If she should ho engnged in war with Russia, a treaty aggressive ami defensivo should ipso facto take placo between ber and Franco mid England. She has agreed that beforo< tho end of tho year shu will tnko into consideration (ho stops s'lio will bo prepared to tako with respect to tho terms of penco with Russia. I do not under- stand.that that particular article contains any- thing precise in itself (a laugh). But 1 under- stand Ironi it, that if England and Franco projioso conditions of penco in conformity with the tour bases, and which may seem to Austria to como fairly within tho ternis of theso bases, and that Russia refuses her assent to them in a treaty of peace, then that Austria will not longer hcsllato to enter with us into a treaty offensive and defen- sivo, (hear, hear). ' I admit she may still any at tho hist moment Hint theso four bases wero ex- plained in a manner that she did not foresee, and that hv them, in her opinion, Russia would ho roiluaed tao much ; mid her weight, as a Etirorcnn Ilower, would bo too greatly diminished (hoar, lear). But I do not Imputo bad faith to Austria ; and -it is my belief that if sho could concur willi us ns to theso baso3 of security for Turkey, mid that Russia should not assent, that then Austria will unite herself with England and Franca In this momentous struggle (hear). Now, it may ho saul wo ought to havo got far bolter terms, and that. Austria should join at onco with us. But II should bo recollected Hint wo cannot forco our own terms upon an independent power. Tho question simply was, whether it was worth our while to form such it treaty with Austria, rather than to leave Austria wholly 'unconnected with us, and without any tics by which sho could ho bound to us. My belief Is-it was tho bcliof of lier Majesty's govornniont, and lt was still moro strongly the persuasion of tho Emperor of Franco -that'lt was wiso for ns to outer into this engage- ment, and thereby to promote tho success of tho war. I always thought it much (o bo lamented that Austria was so tardy in coming to a determi- nation upon this subject, lt is undoubtedly true, that her not neting at onco In respect to a conven- tion with Turkoy, lias beon tho cause why Russia was onubled to detach a part of her army that lind been encamped upon tho Danube, and to scud lt to tho Crimen, wlioro It hud tho ollect of placing ni a great disadvantage tho allied troops. But such being tho present stato of things, wa thought il very desirublo to ollect a treaty with Austria, throe of tho conditions of which havo been much commented upon by thu hon. member for Ayles- bury. I novor, however, could get nny ono to tell mo how wo nro to provont, except by n long mid protracted war, which might involve tho political sliite^ mid condition of Europe^ tho Emperor of Russin exercising a considerable influence, however iudiroctly, upon tho 11,000,000 of tho Sultan's subjects who aro of tho sumo religious communion os tho Cr.nr. I holiovo that wo may limit that iiiñuonco, mid provont tho power claimed by Prince Muiisuhikoll'on behalf of tho Emperor being ob ranice ot tho privileges uf Wallachia and Moldavia, ¡md by getting from Turkey a general declaration in favour of tho Sultan's Christian subjects. But 1 do nut belicvo that imy articles which could ho framed by tho powers concerned would havo tho client/of entirely depriving Russia, lu n limp of fleuce, of such Inlluonce. If that bo tho ouse it is ho moro necessary to deprive Russia of tho menus of invading and conquering Turkey, hy either enter- ing tho principalities un tho ono inuiil, or by send- ing alargo fleet, with nu army onboard, to tho llosphorus or tho Crimea. Theso appear to mo to bo essential for us to oppose, and 1 do not think nor Majesty can bo advised to lay down her anns until terms of poaco of tho character I havo stated aro obtained (hoar). And now lot mo say a word hi reference to tho observation mndo by my honor ohio frloiul, whon sdenking of tho butilo of Inkerman. My honorable friend called that a fatal hattie. Now my belief ls that though our losses woro heavy- although tho nation has great reason to dcploru theso IOSSCB, yet I hellovo that for a groat national oljeot thal victory ni inkerman will not bo thrown away. I believe that the gallant dofenco mndo by our troops au that occasion, and tho losses sustained by tho onomy, havo so discouraged Russia, and havo so taught tho mitions of Europo to respcol our character and military prowess, thal ll is as likoly almost as any ovmit that could bu named lr bring about tho conclusion which wo all so mtioli "Miro (hear, hear). Deeds such as these. Hit ionise limy do|<end u¿ou lt- though not 'followed ¡th otlior powers in n gua by the rout of nn enemy-though not accompanied by tho gain of large territory, or tho surrender of a, fortress-yet deeds like theso oro fruitful of im- portant consequences, tliat they maintain tlio cha- racter of tho nation by whose soldiers they were achieved, and that they teach other nations either to bridle their enmity or to covet our alliance (hear, hear). While this country lins suoh deeds to boost of you may depend uiion it, that tlio mightiest na- tions of Europe will dread your enmity, and will ho anxious to secure your friendship. With these per- suasions, I shall, sir, on Friday next, proceed to ask the house to vote its thanks to those gallant mon. And, lot ino say, I shall tako the same op- portunity of moving a volo of thanks to our gal- lant allies-to tlio French army, who hoi h at Alina and Inkerman, have fought hy our side, mid havo assisted us so ably to heat Hie enemy that was op- posed to us both. With such un alliance-hy the observance of a conduct which I believe to bo hotli wiso and prudent in regard to tho other powers of Europe, and willi a determination on tho part of tho people of this country-which determination I believe to be as strong ns any treaty could make it -that this war in which lier Majesty is at present engaged must first bo brought to an honourable and cordial conclusion, ] Bindi still feel tho fullest hopo in tlio result ol'tho contest (hear, hear). Tho Address was then agreed to, and Tho liouso adjourned at 20 minutes after Two o'clock. 