THE HOLY PLACES. (From Turkey; its History and Progress?) Br 8m Gèobob Larpiht. I COULD wish to throw a veil over the scan- dalous contentions which have been carried on between the Greeks and Romanists on account of Bethlehem and the Holy Land, as it is called ; the- iniquitous proceedings attending them are- so -enormous as shamefully to dis- grace the Christian name. The ambassador who Îrotects the interest of the Romish religion ecomes, on these occasions, notwithstanding his high dignity, a -real object of compassion. Immense sums are raised in all the countries of the Romish persuasion to support them against the Greeks in their pretensions to a spot of ground which they fancy sacred, and to preserve in the hands of Popish priests and monks the remains of an old stable at Bethle- hem, where a chapel is built, and in which, on the authority of an ancient oral tradition, they suppose Christ was born ; and also a sepulchre, which may be, but probably is not, His tomb, as they call it ; the situation of both places being, at present, as unknown as that of Julius Caesar's urn. Why the princes of Christendom will suffer their countries to be despoiled of so much wealth, and permit it to be paid on this account, as a tribute into the hands of the Turks, Is hardly conceivable: and why no angel has flown, or swam, across the sea with this sepulchre or this manger, as with the house at Loretto, is a greater wonder. Princes, it should seem, still permit this tri- bute to be paid to the Turks, because they thought it best to leave this business as they found it; and, not choosing to meddle with what are called religious matters, suffer the clergy to go on with the same practices as prevailed in the times of the darkest ignorance, and the most extravagant superstition. At present few of no pilgrims of the Romish per- suasion resort to these places of devotion, so that the most probable reason to be assigned for the attachment of their clergy to the pos- session of them is, that it occasions much money to pass through their hands, and affords a maintenance for about 160 idle monks and friars who are distributed about that country. In the contest between the Greeks and Roman- ists for the right of possessing the chapel at Bethlehem, and the stable, treasures haye been expended by both parties, to the great emolu- ment of the Turks, who take care from time to time to encourage the disputes, giving sen- tence in favour of the one, and sometimes of the other. Under Rajib Pasha's Government it was finally determined in favour of the Greeks, at an expense, equivalent to, at least, £10,000 sterling. The holy sepulchre hat been, and still is, as great an object of contention between them, 'and a prodigious annual expense to both. Bnt what is worse, the Turks, knowing the riches and obstinacy of the contending parties, find numberless other pretexts to pillage their wealth. The caravan for Mecca passes near Jerusalem. When it approaches that holy city, the Emir Hadjii either enters in "person, 'or sends "a message to demand a loan from a Greek and Romish con- vent; or, perhaps, on some pretence of right, to exact a sum of money, twenty or thirty thousand pounds from each party ; and they dare not refuse. If it be a loan, it is never repaid; if on a pretence of right, but ever so groundless, the sum is irrecoverably lost and heard of no more. The Greeks be have with much prudence on these occasions ; they stifle their complaints, bear the loss, and immediately replenish the fund, that they may be in a position to combat the pashas and the Romanists; they would even sell their chil- dren rather than permit the latter to triumph over them. The ambassador, whose peculiar charge it is to protect the Romanists, wears out his very soul in fruitless application to the Porte to Ttcovet tjsfrsamof which his convent has been stripped. With much difficulty he may obtain the Sultan's command in his favour, that is,%'orawfor-|ts>ebnbursement, but it prftures^Wm ijft abney; 'and what is more vexation;), he II« ^frequently' imposed on by the misrepresentations or downright false- t ûsafionsfa^ins^jthç Greeks. JHe^is tffieially bound "to support them, anè'afterbuffering in1 lus^credjt; at the Turkish court by" the'-* mortifications ne ^s obliged to~eadu»--when these "falsehoods'are detected, heSia reviled at Rome as a lukewarm Christian and an unskilful politician. The Greek system of religious opinions and their mode of worship, -are pretty generally known. They agree with the Romanists in the main points of the doctrine of the corporeal presence, their veneration for saints, and the adoration they pay-to the Virgin Máry. In their image-worship they differ ; they honour paintings, 'but allow no sculpture. The procession of the Holy Ghost is another and most.important article of disunion: they hold it if from the Father only. They scoff at the Pope's pretensions to infallibility, and at his claim to be supreme Head of the uni- versal Christian Church. Their clergy give no previous dispensation for the omission of any religious duty,: but reserve absolution of all transgressions and sins till they are committed. Absurd and superstitions prac tices abound among them, and frequent abuses happen, the natural concomitants of uninformed credulity, not peculiar to the Greeks alone: one of a singular nature was carried on a few years ago by a Caloyero, or monk. He had some years before been noted for an irregular, and profligate life, and had been in the galleys at Constantinople. On being released, he affected an extraordinary 'degree of sanctity, and enthusiastic fits of devotion. If he did not lay claim to the highest gifts of miraculous powers, he at least pretended to have celestial communications, and to be endowed with the peculiar grace of ensuring to women in years, happiness in the world to come: and to young and middle aged females the happiness in this world in the shape of a numerous progeny. Barren- ness is regarded in Turkey as a curse: women who bear no children are hardly treated with common civility. The hope of becoming mothers, it may of course be imagined, led shoals of unhappy females to the new saint; tho privileged dispenser of fecundity.- He established himself at Katereie, a village in Asia, to which you pass by water in a few hours from Constantinople : his emissaries were dispersed throughout all the neighbourhood, and wherever they went, spread the fame of his sanctity, and his mar- vellous gifts. Devotees flocked to him : it was calculated that eight thousand women, of various ages, went to him in a short time, to participate in such a desirable grace. The saint was a stout man, of middle age, and never failed to send away his female votaries perfectly edified. Some men at length visited him, and seemingly approved of his proceedings ; not that they really believed in his pretensions to sanctity, but because they would not, by publishing their suspicions, cast the least shadow of injury on the charac- ter of the sex. They wished the sterility of their wives removed, but they apprehended the means might be disagreeable to themselves. The journey was pleasaut, the passage by water was convenient, and other adventures might co-operate with the saint's spiritual endeavours. Hints of this were given to the Turks, who soon made the im- postor decamp. He was not heard of after wards. He did not, however, quit his voca- tion empty handed : for the condition of ap- proaching him was the purchase of a conse- crated wax taper, besides a free gift : in both which articles religious zeal, and the desire of becoming mothers, had engaged the good women to pay most generously. The Greek religion, however, I am told, is better sup- ported, and maintained with greater purity, on its primitive foundation in other countries, where it is professed, undisturbed by Maho medans or Romanists. Nor would I be thought to mean that there are no self-denying Metro- politans and other honest men even among those in Turkey. 