SUMMARY ¿i NEWS] FOR THE Ocean Chief, Boomerang, and Blue Jacket Syrfiiey Mcminn Herald Office, June 2nd, 1855. OUR last summary of news prepared for Europe was forwarded on the 28th of April by the Red Jacket's mail. By the contract mail packet Boomerang, whose mails for tke United Kingdom, via Melbourne, close to-day in Sydney, and also by the Ocean Chief, direct, and the Blue Jacket, via Ceylon, we continue our risume of New South Wales affairs. To the Post- master-General's notice as to the making up of the Boomerang's mails, the following unsatisfactory memo- randum is appended : "The contract with the next mail packet, the Blue Jacket, not extending to the convey- ance of ' the Return Mails, notice is hereby further given, that there will be no homeward mail packet next month, but that mails will be despatched by private ships as opportunities offer. However, to meet this serious inconvenience, the Sydney Agency of the General Screw Steam Shipping Company have announced that their iron screw steamship Uosphorus, 530 tons, 100 horse power, will leave Melbourne for Point de Galle, Ceylon, on or about the 20th of June, expecting to overtake the overland mail arriving in England on the 4th of September. A project for establishing magnetic telegraphio communications between 8ydney and Melbourne, by means of the magneto-electric telegraph (Henley's patent) has been started in Sydney, by Messrs. A. and \V. G. Sprigg, who have recently arrived in 8ydney. The working of the instruments in presence of the members of the Sydney Chamber of Commerce and the Sydney Exchange Company, and other gentlemen interested in scientific and mercantile affairs has at- tracted much attention. We fear, however, that the immense expense which it is estimated must be in- curred in laying down the telegraph from Sydn°y to Melbourne (£500 per mile) will be a barrier in the way of practically considering the project for some time to come. 'Even from Sydney to Newcastle and the other towns of the rich districts of the Hun^r, whose present postal steam communications with Sydney are often impeded by reason of bad weather, and the impediments in the wav of the navi- gation of the port of Newcastle and the River Hunter, the plan of laying down a magnetic telegraph is not considered with favour, on account of the heavy ex- penses which, it Mould appear, must be involved. At a special general meeting of the directors of the Turon Quartz Golden Ridge Company, held at the Royal Hotel on the 23rd ultimo, a report of the directors was presented. In this report the initiation and progress of the Company is carefully traced, and its difficulties explained, lhe report concludes \\* ith the following recommendation : That the Directors be requested to take steps for the dissolu- tion of the Company and the really uion of the assets as early as possible, in accordance with the terms of the deed of settlement, and that the assets bo then divided among the proprietors rate ably as follows :-In proportion to 20'. per »hare on the 1000 shares allotted to the original discoverers, and secured to them by the deed of settlement ; in proportion to 5<. per share on the I 6000 original shares posses»« by the first members of the Com. pany, on which 5a. have been paid up ; and in proportion to 20s. per share on the 12,554 new shares allotted to members on the extension of the Company, and on which this sum has been paid «P. It is generally known that, upon the opening of the session, the Legislative Council purposes, among other important matters, to send down a Bill for the establishment and maintaining of primary and other schools within the territory of New South Wales. It is said to be in substance the same as was offered to the old Legislature of Yan Diemen's Land, and again to the Elective Chamber. The Bill was scarcely dis- cussed. The absorbing social agitation of that colony, and the hostility of the Council to the views of the Governor in favour of transportation, prevented its examination. This Bill, perhaps modified by local circumstances, will, we are informed, be presented to the Legislature of New South Wales. It is most desirable that a measure affecting a very important interest should be some time before the colony. We have, therefore, looked carefully over the Tasmanian Bill and find its contents may be briefly Btated as follows :-Section 1. The Governor to proclaim school districts net exceeding six square miles, and to name them. Section 2. Governor to appoint Inspec- tors of all the schools. Section 3. When so pro- claimed every householder to give a list of inmates and servants, or persons in his employ, whether resident in his house or not. Section 5. A poll-tax of five shillings, payable quarterly, by heads of families, who may deduct the same from servants' wages. Section 7\. Poor persons exempt by certilicato of magistrates. Section 9. Taxes payable into the Treasury. Meeting of ratepayers appoint a chairman, elect committee, to 1 vote atcording to their rates-ten ratepayers must be present. No person can be a committee-man who cannot read and write. Section 11. Committee elected yearly. Section 15. Ministers of religion of all denominations whatsoever having pastoral charge, ex officio members. Section l8 provides for change of residence, increase and decrease of family, or removale. Section 19. Committee to control the expen- diture to be spent iii the school district, to approve and dismiss masters, subject1 to the approval of Government, and to fix the character of instruction, " provided that the doctrines of any particular, church, or of any particular religious faith, or belief, shall in no case be enforced upon any chil- dren attending any such School, where the parents or guardians of any such children shall object to such enforcement." Section 20. Persons beyond the dis- trict may claim the benefit of a school on paying the rate. Section 21. Populous districts may have sub districtal schools ; thirteen persons of any denomina- tion may claim a separate school ; a Bub-distriotal committee may be chosen to collect their own rate, to pay it into the Treasury, and to perform all the duties of a district committee, subject to the same provisos. Section 22. May establish infant schools in certain cases. Section 26 gives power to the Governor to act in case the ratepayers refuse. Section 28. School committees may erect buildings, &c;, and loans may be made to them by Governor, payable in a terni of years, out of the rate. Several clauses of the Tas- manian Bill relate to the establishment of normal schools ; teachers of any denomination may be trained in the schools, and no pet son to be employed in the district schools except persons so educated, if sufficient in number. The measure expected will require much considera- tion, and it will create much discussion. S"me of its provisions, if correctly predicated, will meet a very serious opposition. We are prepared, however, to look at the scheme, as a whole, with a favourable eye, and to see if it may not be possible to adapt its provi- sions to the condition of this colony. It is a well meant attempt to reconcile conflicting systems, and to protect the weak against the oppression of the strong, and yet to satisfy the views of the majority, a task which Hercules might have found rather more difficult than any of his celebrated achievements. The University test shows haw little men are to be trusted who profess much zeal for the cause of religion, and contempt for its component parts-who are re- solute against ir-religión, but are gloriously indifferent to what religion you choose, whether St. Peter's or St. Paul's-whether the temple of Utar, orthe " Halls of Ancestors." See bill of last session. Still it is pos- sible that a number of settlers in some lone district might agree to establish a school, and in religious matters to adopt a little practical conciliation rather than have no school at all. We lately drew attention, to the arrangements made foT, and the prospects of the Italian immigrants who have recently arrived on our shores. In the trans- mission of our summary to Europe, the repetition of the remarks already offered by us will not be out of place. i The Italian emigrants, except one, a clerk, are all engaged, and most of them settled in their new homes. A few days only hare elapsed since we called attention to their needy clrcumstaices, and, thanks to a few generous hearts, their wants were met. Their conduct has entitled them to all the sympathy they have received We understand they are from one of the Roman Ca- tholic cantons of Switzerland, and are'ill of the Catholic per- suasion. The Swiss bare been adventurer* for ages, but they have been also celebrated for their energy and honesty. These men. among whom is eae old man who eceomiiauied bis sons, are ehitny below the'middle age. Thsy journeyed a thousand miles, between their native place, and the port of embar kail in ; and they paid their own passage. TFewof them had anything left when they landed, but those who ned, we are informed, shared their little store among their companions, and carried out the true principles of fraternity. When this resource was exhausted they became of course deeiitate.' Many of them were furnished with board and lodging on credit,'and their behaviour was md»t ex- emplary. When they engaged with masters tbey first atipu'ated that their employers should advance money to pay the persons who had trusted them. We saw no drunkenness umong them, the money given them-about £17-they spent in broad and fruit, and their behaviour in the streets was inoffensive and respectable. We have been favoured with a list of the employers, among the first is a gentleman, who, having hired nine, was so well satisfied with their aptness as labourers that he obtained fonr more. Their Î wages seem io .run fftm£20 to £30,, and at these rates they took "employment "from trie first eligible master.'Th«*e fact» wahaVa' drawn fr«m doc-ment«placed in our hand»; and we'can give them with winden«!. ». ' This colony would »uffer were it supposed that good employ- ment-had become scarce, or that low wage« (were likely to rule. Of course any gentleman can rate the inconvenience of em- ploying foreigners at what »um he may please; bat many think that the disqualification is likely to be compensated by the less exposure of such foreigners to the temptatlons'af a 'public-house. The right of strangers to stand but for the ordinary wages of the country is indisputable. And they would have thought les« of our charity had It been given on condition« which, restricted the libeity of choice, or imposed injurious haste. That they have not abused the patience of their friends, is clear from the fact that eighty-four persons hare 'been provided with masters in a fort- night. " ' There were proposals made by one of the Swiss Cantons to tend out a proportion of their young people to the Australian colonies ; paying about half their passage money, and leaving the other half to be recovered by the employer from the workman. The Go- vernment of that Canton had been aceustomed to send emigrants to America to relieve the excess of population, but judging from accounts, thought a better opening might be found in this quarter. We hope that means will be found to enable these men to send for their female relations. We understand none are married, but should they conduct them- selves well, some day they may form in our mountain valleys one of the picturesque settlements like which their own sweet country boasts, improved by a touch of British civilization, A very small outlay would introduce a superior class of foreigners, of simple habits, who would be glad to escape from the despotism, anarchy, and conscription which have desolated so many Swiss cot- tages. We are informed that Mr. Champion, of the Circular Quay, has had under his care about a thousand Italian peasants in con- structing the Turin and Genoa Railroad ; and from recollections of their good conduct, was induced to give his aid to the Com- mittee formed to assist their countrymen. The gentleman who may refuse to help such strangers, or who may think that they ought to accept a particular rate of wages, aro entitled to judge for themselves; yet we must say the behaviour of these Italians has displayed very few of the marks usually patent in " deep, designing, and impudent imposters." Consider- ing that wo recommended their case to the public, it was due to our- selves that these facts should be stated, and that the charity which " knows the heart of a stranger" may not be paralysed, by a mis- taken impression that it has in this instance been abused. Labour, like law, physic, and divinity—like bales of goods and barrels of beer, is worth what it will fetch. It is not hired by the employer for the public good, nor as an act of grace to the work- man. A man who brings his labour to market has a right to the best market price, if he can get it. No one can fairly challenge that right, and many persons would deem charity well bestowed if it prevented the urgent wants of a stranger from compelling him to sell below its value the only commodity he has to dispose of-the sweat of his brow. Many applications for these men have arrived too late. The General Abstract of the Sworn Returns to the Colonial Bank«, for the quarter ended 31st March, 1855, shows in it« more important columns, compared with those of previous quarter«, the following results NOTKS iv Cincur.ATio'«. The aggregate amount of-notes in circulation, in each of the last (Ive quarters. waB as follows : 1851-Maroh .«1,371,700 June . 1,350,000 September .-. 1,300,600 December . 1,101,200 1855-March.,. ...,. 1,327,600 After a long succession of qnartcrly augmentations, the nota circulation of tho past quarter show« a decrease, ant a decrease on each of the threo previous quarter». As compared with March of last year there is an increase of £55 800, or rather mor» than four percent. ; but as compared with December there is a falling off of £63,700, or nearly five pi>r cent. The amount of note« 'in circulation by the banks severally, during each of tho list two quarters, was as follow« : December. Marah. Now South Wales .£»70 7C0 ... £133,500 Commercial. 107,900 ... 198,900 Australasia. 1<7,000 ... 138,5(10 Union. 187,900 ... 179.S00 Joint Stoc'c. 109 400 ... 114,400 London Chartered. 27,000 ... 23,800 EngllBh Chartered. 41,300 ... 33,700 Totals.:."£57391,200 431,327,500 It is hero shown that during the last quarter the note circula- tion had fallen off in all the Banka except the Joint Stock : _ , Decrease. Percent. New South Wales .£t2,2(IO ... 4 8 Commercial . 0,000 ... 4 3 Australasia. 8,500 ... 5 8 « Union . 8.C00 ... 43 , London Chartered . 84 0 ... 12-6 English Chartered. 7,000 ... li. 4 Increase. Joint Stook. £5,000 ... i 4-6 DrrosiTS. , The aggregate deposits were 1854-March ,. £4,074,600 June L. 5,237.910 September. 5,259,700 December. 5.0D4 700 1855-Maroh._ 4,030,910 The Deposits show a falling off m the last three month» to the extent or £367,800 ; in the lust six months. £622,800 ; ia the last nine, £601,000; and in the last twelve. £537,700. rho decrease on the year was at the rate of nearly seven pel cent. ; the decrease on the quarter, upwards of seven per cant. The »mount of Deposits held by the Banks severally, in each of tho last two quarters, was as under : December. March. New South Wales. £2,084,300 . £1,889 800 Commercial.,.'..... 919,000 . 899 100 Australasia . 819.100 . 760,800 Union . 777,700 . 730,400 Joint Stock. 2ÍP.100 . 207.CI0 , London. 62.400 . 59,400 English. 83,000 . 0D400. I Daring tho past quarter the deposits had decreased in all the banks except the Englith. ' Decrease, Per Cent. New South Wales. £174,600 . 8 5 Commercial . 39 900 . 4'2 l Australasia. 58,800 . '72 l Union . 47,300 . '61 Joint 8took. 51,500 .,' I9'9 ' London." 3,000 . 4*8 > Increase. , English. 7,400 .» 8-9 > No. II.-ASBRTS. f f The amount of coln and bullion hold by all the banks in each of tho last five quarters was as follows :- . . . Coiîf A'tD BOLUOS». '' " * 1854-March .,. £2,518.800 June. 2,680,000 September. 2,186,000 Dceomber . 1,810,600 1855-March. 1,650,500 There is here shown a decrease in the last three months o £168,000; in the last six months, of £535,500; in the last nine, £1,029,500 ; and in the last twelve, £808,300. The deorcas» on the quarter was at the rate of nine per cent. ; the dcoreasc on the year, upwards of thirty-four per cent. The amount of coin and bullion held by tbe banks severally, in each of the last two quarters, was as follows :- , December. March. New South Wales.£706,500 £602,000 Commercial. 319,700 ... 290,100 Australasia. 278,000 ... 288,200 Union . 244,200 ... 217,500 Joint Stook.". 100.600 ... 98,500 London Chartered. 52,800 ... 54,600 English Chartered . 54,800 ... 93,600 Total. £1,816,600 £^650,500 The amount and rate of decrease or increase in each of the banks were as under : Decrease. Per cent. New South Wales .£164 506 ... 21-5 Commercial .."..-..-.. -23,600 ~... 7-8 Union. 26,700 ... 10 9 Joint-Stook .¡,. 2,160 ... 2-1 , Increase.' Australasia . £10,200 ... 8-7 London Chartered ."..,."....¡." 1,800 ." 3*4 English Chartered. 38,800 ... 70 8 DISCOUNTS. The Bills under disconnt in all the Bank», inclnding those held by the Victoria branch of the Bank of New South Wales, were in amount, as under :- ~ 1854-March.£4,078,600 June . 4,825,000 September. 5,107,400 December . 5,216,400 1855-March. 6,350,000 Here is an increase all through. In the last three months th« increase was £101,200 ; in the last BÍX months, £213,200 ; ia the last nine, £525,600; and in the last twelve, £|,272,0C0. The inorcaso on the quarter was at the rate of two per cent. ; the increase on the year upward« of thirty per cent. The amount of bill« under discount in the banks severally, in each ol the last two quarter«, were as follow«. New South Wales, including Viotorla December. Maror. Branch .£2,194 200 ... £2.268,700 Commercial. 818,900 ... 911,900 Australasia. 81l,M0 ... 791,000 Union. 631,300 ... 690,300 Joint Stock. 477,000 ... 446,300 London Chartered. 109,900 ... 85,000 English Chartered. 170 500 ... 157.400 Total.£5,240,400 £5,350,600 ilt thus appears that in three of the Banks the discounts had ncreaicd, and in four had fallen off. luerease. Per oent. New South Wale.£74,500 . 8 4 Commercial., ... .63.0C0 . 7-4 Union.56,000 . 8 8 Decrease. Australasia.£20,600 . 2 S Joint Stook.30,700 . 6-4 London Chartered.15,910 .... 15-8 English Chartered.22,103 . 12-S To the cry of separation from New South Wales which Moreton Bay has for some time past been utter- ing we have lately requested the attention of the colo- nists ; and it may be well to repeat our request for attention to this subject from our distant friends in Europe. The cry of Moreton Bay for separation has more than once been characterised in these column« a« absurd and unjust, on the ground of the un fitness of the Northern Dlstrlots to und- rtake the burden of a separate government. We have shown that there exists no proof that the colonists of the North ate yet so advanced, either in numbers or in publio spirit, as to Mt up for themselves a« an independent «tate. We . do not believe, indeed, that they are by'any mean« 'unanimous in wishing for separation, haying good reason to know that it is only by a certain party ia Brisbane itself that the movement has been originated, and i» persevered in. To the tradesmen of'the large towns, undoubtedly, tho pre-ence of th* «eat of Government, with it« stiff of officials, would be a great boon, inasmuch a* it would increase their number of «uitomer« ; but the settler* in the district generally, we believe, are either totally indifferent to sepa- ration, or olreotly opposed <to it- however, tone of them may, for election purposes, think proper to re-echo the popular ory. .. >' The recent detention of the Waratah at Brisbane, beyond her time through want of coal«, afford« a proof ' of the utter lack of enterprise among our neighbours of the North -i so ambitious! of the honour« of a separate State. lils well known that there is abundance of coal throughout the Moreton Bay distriot, of the 1 finest quality, and easy of access. In a doxen place« in the I Brisbane river the beds of coal are «een cropping; out on the bank«, so Ithat a maa might pick out with his hand« a anfUalent quantity In I a few minute« to cook, his dinner. \It could not po«*lbly be placed more conveniently for human use. The river belog navigable for a considerable distance by véasele of large burden, the facilitie» of «hipping are'a« grtat as those of working : and there i» no reason on earth why coal «hould not be procurable at Brisbane full a honored per cent, cheaper than at any port along th« coast. Yet, in spite of all that nature has done for them, the people of Brisbane are unable to procure eves that ssaall quantity of coal which la rtqntred to maintain their own steam eommualeation with . Sydney. Instead of having a large surplus for exportation,. they have not enough for their own want«. Under circumstances so favourable for the formation of a Joint-stock company, and the employment of labour and capital In developing the resource* of their dlstric1, we believe the sole production of coal Is, or till very recently was, in the hands of one private individual, whose opera- tions are limited to working at the surface deposits. A people S3 blind to their own interests, and so indifferent to their own natural advantages, are certainly far from having reached the stage at whioh they may be trusted with self-govern- ment. Nor is it in the matter of anals alone (though that is a very important matter to a nation), but in every other publio under- taking that the inhabitants of Moreton Bay display their apathy and want of «nterprise. Though comparatively a wealthy and influential community, they have never been able, up to this time, to take any steps towards the reallz ition of that independence with which they desire to be invested. They have never been able to establish a steam communication with Sydney, but, as mueh as they desire to be independent of the " Middle District," are forced to rely upon a Sydney company to furnish them with steamboats, and ujon Sydney merchant» to undertake their whole external commero". And even when an enterprising pub lio company in Sydney comes forward, at considerable risk, to provide the IJZV folks of Brisbane with regular steam communi- cation, they cannot do even so mueh on their part as to find coals for the u"c of their steamers. Their great staplo of wool is en- dangered by the prevalence of a dangerous epidemic among the sheep, and yet they cannot agree among themselves as to what measures should bo taken to check the evil, and provide against its reeurrerce. A Stock Insurance Company- the obvious remedy -was talked of, and went so far as to be organized, but like every similar movement of the klni in the North, it never survived the issu? of its prospectus. We have deemed it our duty to animadvert upon so remn-kable a display of supinencss and want of public spirit among our Northern neighbours net out of pre- judice to their fine distriot-nor even out of hostility to their favourite project of separation ; but we oomi^er that it is important to show, that while the poople, or a certain section of the people, at Moreton Bay, are clamouring for separation, they arc virtually unfit to be < ndowed with any measure of eel'-govern- ment ; an<l that they must, therefore, be content to form for some time to come, a portion of the colony of New South Wales. Br the continuance of the union, it is clear that we in Sydney will derive no benefit, nor will it be of the smallest moment to us whether Moreton Bay be separated or not. The connixton with a people who will not take the trouble to dig th< ir own coals, is little det-irable; and, as long as wo may continue united, the ad- vantage must manifestly be all on the other side. But, on na- tional grounds, it would be a most hssardous experiment to erect into an independent state a community who show euch an utter indifference te their duties and interests. In our previous summary for Europa we published a lengthly description of the buildings and apparatus then in course of construction for the purpose of carry- ing on the Sydney Branch of the Royal Mint. We then stated that the establishment was on the eve of opening, and on the 14th ultimo the Mint, by a pro- clamation in the Government Gazette, was declared to he ready to receive gold bullion for coinage until the 29th of the present month ; after which date a new scale of charges will be framed from those now an- nounced, and which are as follow : 1st. Importations of bullion, in quantity from one thousand ounces upwards, will be admitted daily (Saturdays and ho'ldays ex cepted), between the hours of 11 o'clock a.m., and 3 o'clock p.m. 2nd. The value of the bullion will bo calculated tit £5 17«.(10JZ.l. the ounce standard, and determined on Die report» of the Mint assayers. It will then he converted into coin with all con- venient despatch. 3rd. Payment for importations will ho made in the order of their receipt, subject to a deduciion of three-fourths per cent as a Mint charge. 4th. The Mint will also is»ue, If required, gold bullion, ingots, or bars, at £3 17s. loyi. the ounce standard. It would be premature at present to express any de- cided opinion as to the advantages which may be likely to result from the facility thus afforded us of coining our own money. It is a subject on which a great diversity of opinion prevails even among the members of the Legislature, to whom we are mainly indebted for the costly gift. In mercantile circles we believe the general opinion is adverse, or in other words, that a mint in this colony "will not pay." The experiment which is now to be tried will soon prove the fallacy or soundness of this impression, and there- fore we may leave the matter to time. " The advan- tage," saya the proclamation, " anticipated from the introduction of a branch of the Royal Mint in Sydney, is the facility such an establishment will offer 'for the conversion of standard gold bullion, and of bullion, the produce of Australian Colonial, into the legal coin or tender for piyment ; .to this every assist- ance will be given. The Sydney Mint is not open for melting and refining plate and jewellery or bullion which has been previously wrought, or for converting such into coin. Any importations there- fore which, after being melted and assayed at the Mint, shall appear to the Deputy Master to have been brought to a state difficult or expensive to restore to standard purity will be returned to the importers, sub- ject to a charge of three- fourths per cent, on its value reckoned at £3 17s 10¿d. the standard ounce." The establishment has already cost the colony a large sum of money, and if there was no other consideration, the knowledge that this expense can only be reim- bursed by the successful operation of the Mint ought to secure the Bupport and friendly co-operation of the public It is with deep regret that we announce the death of Major-General Sir Robert Nickle, K.H., Com- mander of the Forces in Australia. He died at Melbourne ort the 26th ultimo. We letirn from our contemporaries at "Victoria that 8ir Robert had a species of coup de soleil shortly after his return from Ballaarat, and never recovered his health after- wards. -'An attack of diarrhoea succeeded ; and on Saturday he died calmly and almost imperceptibly, in presence of Captain Wallis and Captain King. His nephew, Mr. Fanning, was also in attendance upon him. He was sedulously attended by Dr. Lucas, Dr. Dick, and Dr.'Webster. The thirty-sixth anniversary of her Majesty Queen Victoria's birth, and the eigthteenth of her accession to the British, throne, was celebrated by the citizens of Sydney with every demonstration of loyalty. From our already published report of the proceedings »f the 'day we republish the following The day, from early morning till twilight, was most brilliant ; indeed, it ha« rarely happened of late years that aur brightest Australian Bun, and our clearest Australian sky, havo not beamed abovrthls annual tribute of attachment we pay to our be- loved Sovereign. The foiling evinced yesterday, however, was of a deeper and more universal character than has Ken ordinarily display« I, and there was a warmth in the enthusiasm with which the colonists did honour to their Sovereign, which bore testimony to tbe genuine sincerity ef their devotion to her rule. Up to nine or ten o'clock Borao of the Bhops were open, but they were of that description only to mabie piocrastinators who had put off till the last moment the obtaining tho provision necessary to the enjoyment of their holiday, to make good their neglcot. After ten o'clock a.m, business was entirely superseded, and amusement became the general order of tho day. From the top of Government House the broad banner of Great Britain-the fltg that now, as it has done for a thousand years, is braving the " battle and the breeza"-floated triumphantly, and not a few were tempted to refl-'ct with feelings of national pride, chastened by solemn memories of the fallen bravo, on the fresh triumphs whioh have been gathered under that glorious standard, einee it waved there in its greatness en the 24th of May, 1854, The flagstaff was most gaily decorated with the fhgs of all nations, and the «hips in the harbour wcro all dressed out in the brightest colours. Thousands of holiday folks, dressed as Aus- tralian people only can afford to dress, were at an early hour trooping through the streets to the different scenes of festivity ; and among that crowd, from glowing childhood to bowed old age, it would have been hard to find one who had not a blessing in his mouth, and a prayer at his heart, for our beloved Queen. We Te id of the joyous acolaraatlons with whioh the presen»e of our gracious Monarch is ever haile 1 at home, but not less accept- able to her will be the homage of subjects as loyal, as loving though they be dwelling some 10,000 miles away from the throne wbloB »he adorns. There wants no proof-there needs no vindi- cation of th« loyalty of the Australian people, or it might well have been found in the celebration of yesterday, and it is matter of the deepest congratulation to those who love Autt-alia, to know that they had a right to the enjoyment >.nd recreation of whioh all liberally partook. They could do so with serene hearts and quiet conscience, feeling that even in a higher spirit of nation- ality, they had paid a better tribute of love to their Queen and country in the noble benefaction they has so lately sent home to alleviate the snfferings and mUfurlur.cs of her brave defenders. It is a glorious thing f >r those who aspire to see this land " great among the nations," to witness such a day. To see a community join as one man, easting away from them the selfim cares anil pursuit« of life, to hallow, by homage to its Queen, the memory of the glorious Fatherland from which wo have all sprung. To see all classes uni.e in joyous welcome of Victoria's birthday, and in earnest prayers for her future success ; to witness hundreds of the beat of the nation crowding eagerly to pay due respect to her representative, albeit he is at present an untried man among us. Such, however, wa« the «cene in Sydney on her Majesty's birth- day in 1855, and we heartily respond to tho universal wish that abo may live to see many happy returns of it. | When we last noticed the state of business in the Supreme Court there was an unusual pressure. A great many causes were standing over for trial, and I there were so many demands upon the Judges in the other branches of the Court's jurisdiction, that those " remaneta" seemed pretty likely to increase rather than to diminish. 8ince then the pressure has be- come less. There ara still a few cases standing over ; I biit the Judges have been enabled to give up some extra time fc»ri the purpose of clearing the list, and haye very nearly succeeded in doing so. In the kind of,' business which is disposed of by the full Court, such as new trial motions, rules nisi, &c; , there has of latje been a decided falling off. Thanks, however, to the prosiness of certain members of the bar, the time of the Court, during term, has .been pretty well occu- pied. This waste of public time by forensic tedious nef s ii an evil which we have several times before had occasion to comment upon. And it is an evil of which w« scarcely lee the remedy, if the good sense ot the bax will not lead them to apply the remedy them- selves. It happens too, singularly,enough, that some of the most persevering talkers at the bar are at the same time among ita most talented members. Strange then that they do not see how much their good arguments an d their sound law are weakened and half destroyed by this system of windy elaboration. There are one or two gentlemen who have the power of tediousness so strongly developed that, if they should get into very extensive practice without learning to condense, the business of the Court would stand a fair chance of being brought, through their medium, toa dead lock. There axe several gentlemen " in training " /for the colonial Bar, and as the examinations are very rigid, we may calculate pretty safely that none hut such aa will really be an ornament to the profession will be admitted. A gentleman who has been for many year« an attorney (Mr. J. F. Josephson) was the last person admitted, and the first colonial attorney who has taken advantage of the local enactment authorising the admission of any gentleman of unquestionable cha- racter, who can pass the ordeal of the examination, in all probability the colonial bar, like the other branch of the legal profession, will be well supplied by local candidates, and no practitioners from the home Courts, therefore, would have much chance unless they were first-rate men, such as would make their way in their profession without the necessity of a voyage to New South Wales. The Circuit Court at Brisbane (Moreton Bay) is now sitting, and the Chief Justice, with the Attorney General and a tolerably large staff of legal functionares are there, although, as usual, there were not many eases to try, and these only for the usost part of an in- ferior nature. These sittings at Moreton Bay are, owing to the distance, a great nuisance, for they often keep a Judge and a Crown law officer away when their presence is greatly needed in Sydney. Many delays in the most important business of the Court have arisen from this cause. There ought to be a judicial officer resident at Brisbane, with jurisdiction over the Northern Districts. There is no need of a Judge of the Supreme Court, with a salary of £1500 a-year ; a Recorder with half that salary would be quite as efficient. The Clerk of the,Peace might prosecute. The Criminal Sittings at Sydney commence on Monday. There are 32 cases already set down for trial, and two or three more will probably be added, but some of these will doubtlesB pass over until the ensuing session. Of the cases at present on the calendar, there are two of murder, one of embezzle- ment, one of conspiracy to raise wages, one of cattle-stealing, one of fraudulently receiving the goods of an insolvent person, one of as- sault, two of libel, one of arson, two of forgery, one of rape, one of aiding and abetting a rape, five of larceny, five of horse stealing, three of obtaining money under false pretences, two of indecent assaults on female children under twelve years of age, two of wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm, one of per- jury, and one of obtaining money by cheating at cards. This is rather a heavy list, but the state of the country as regards crime is, upon the whole, satis- factory. It certainly has not increased, notwith- standing the numerous arrivals which our golden reputation has brought, and the very doubtful cha- racter of but too many of these adventurers. Perhaps this is attributable in a very great measure to the su- perior attractions which the gold fields of Victoria have had for the worst class of adventurers, as places where there is more scope for ruffianism or dishonesty ; with, owing to the crowd, less chance of detection. The only class of crimes in which there is no decrease here, but rather the reverse, are those which arise from drunkenness. Gold has been said to be the root of all evil. But we have not found it so. That rank must in New South Wales be claimed fnr rum. The long looked for arrival of the Bishop of Sydney took place on Friday, the 25th May. The Bishop arrived early in the morning, and at half-past two a numerous body of the clergy and lay members of the Church of England assembled to receive his Lordship, who was introduced to the assemblage by the Vene rablelArchdeacon of Cumberland (fir. Cowper.) As the Bishop entered, the whole assembly rose and re- ceived him standing. Prayer was then offered up hy- the Rev. G. King, after which the Atchdeacon read the following addresB : " To [the Right Reverend Frederic, by Divine permission, Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan. May it please your Lordship,-We, the undersigned Arch- deacon, olergy, and laity of the diocese of Sydney, beg leave mest earnestly and reepeetfully to congratulate your Lordship on your arrival. The long period whieh baa elapsed since the dreeite of our late reverend Metropolitan, Bishop Broughton, has broaght vividly before the Church the evils which aries from the want of the Episcopate, and has caused us to loos, forward with much anxiety for your presence amongst us. It would be unbecoming in us to do more than express our ap- preciation of the gratifying testimony which ha* been given to the worth of your ministerial character and labours by those who had long continued opportunitiesof observing them. We have, there- fore, only to assure your L irdship mat it will be our cons'ant de aire to co-operate with you, each of us acoording to our ability, in our several stat inn*, in the many important works that will devolve upon you in the dis- charge of the duties of that higher otfioe to which in the providence offOjd yon hare been called. We earnestly pray that, : by the Divine blessing upon your endeavours, j ou may be the honoured instrument of furthering the Gospel of Christ by drawing the heart* ef His people together into godly union und concord, to the edifying of Mistjhurch in faith und charity, and to the increase of pure religion, and undented, in all paru ef this extensive province. "The Bishop having desired the clergy, who had remained standing during the reading of the address, to be seated, returned thanks as follows : - Mr. Archdeacon, my Brethren of the Clergy, and of the Laity, I thank you most cordially and sincerely tor tho very kind man ner in wbioh you have met and welcomed nae upon my arrival amongst you. The pecu'iar circumstances of this Diocese make me deeply anxious that I should be sustained in the admi n'stratlon of its affairs, by the prayer* and united effirta of the members of our beloved Church, and I trust that He who has called me forth to this work, and ha* guided my steps in safety hither, will be with us to bless u«, and to make us a blessing. I can truly say that as I carne simply beciuse I am sent, so my only desire is to promote the glory of God in the furtherance of the G:spel of our L»rd and Saviour Jesus Christ. The evili of which yon speak as arising from the long vacancy of the See, sinoe the death of my excellent and revered predeces- sor, I shall, under the divine blessing, endeavour to remove ; but I feel that 1 have muoh need to cost myself upon yeur kindness, your sympathy, and, above all, your prayers, that the spirit of wisdom, of love, and of a sound mind, may be given to me. I am thankful to feel that I do not come amongst you as an en- tire stranger. With one of the clergy of this diocese I had the gratification of forming a friendship subsequently to my appoint- ment; and in a city connected with that great commercial emporium in which T'labsu'red for many years, there will pro- bably be some who have known my ministry and manner of lt'e. I pray God that the anticipations you bave formed concerning ¡ros may net be disappointed, and that I may be found by experience to be such as yourdrsires andexpec'attona have imagined that I might be-a promoter of godly union and concord-a preacher of the Word in truth and righteousness, and an onsamplo of the fl ici of God. I thank you much, my Brethren of the Laity, for uniting with the clergy, in the grateful assurance of your co-operation with me in trie work which is before mp. Humanly speaking, the success ef my mission depends upon this union of feeling und assistance Much needs to bo done, and if with one heart and one m'nd we are founi striving together for the faith of the Gospel, under the Divine blessing, much will be done. If each member of our Church, in his vocation and ministry, does, in the words of the colleot read to us, truly and godly serve our Heavenly Mas'er, we cannot fail to bring down a large blessing upon this most Inter- esting and important portion of the world. I take this opportunity of expressing my obligations to the Venerable Archdeacon for his kindness in discharging the duties of the Bishop's Commissary, onerous as they must have been when added to his own. I am not at present in a position to make arrangements for seeing such of my brethren of the clergy as desire to consult me ; I hope Bpeedily to be able to give to all of you the opportunity of speaking with me, and shall thankfully receive the suggestions which the long experience of some amongst you will enable you to make. In conclusion, I pray that as my arrival is.'nearly coincident wi h the Church's celebration of the day of the descent of the Holy Ghost on the day of Pentlcost, it may please the Great Head of the Church to quicken our p'ayers for the influences of tho Holy Spirit, and to answer them by an abundant outpouring of His manifold gifts of g-ace ; that to pastors and people the choice ! blessings of an Increase of faith, hope, and charity, may be richly ' vouchsafed." The proceedings were then terminated with a grace, after which, many of the persons present were intro- duced to the Bishop. On Thursday, 31st May, the Bishop was formally j installed in the 'temporary cathedral. There was a ' large congregation. The aisles were filled with people standing, and among the congregation we noticed ministers and members of the various Protestant de- nominations of Christians. Nearly all the clergy of the Church of England in and about Sydney were present. The stalls in the chancel were occupied by the Bishop, the Archdeacon, and Canons Allwood and Walsh. The morning service was read by the Rev. George King, Incumbent of St. Andrew's, and. at its conclusion the installation took place. Mr. Norton as Registrar, read a notarial certificate, that on the 30th November, in obedience to the Queen's mandate, Dr. Frederic Barker was consecrated Bishop, accord- ing to the rites and usages of the United Church of ' England and Ireland, by John Bird, Archbishop of Canterbury, John, Bishop of Lichfield, and George, Bishop of Gibraltar. The letters patent, appointing the Bishop to the see of Sydney, in the place of William Grant Broughton, .. departed this life," was next read. The diocese of New Z ¡aland is omitted from the Bishop's Metropolitan jurisdiction. The reason being, we are informed, that it is intended to meet additional sees in New Zealand, and make > Bishop Selwyn himself, a metropolitan. The docu- ments were then handed to the Bishop by the Arch- | deacon, who said IN TUB NAME OP GOD-AMIV. In virtue of letton patent of Her Most Gracious Majesty Victoria, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Q isen defender of the faith, BOW specially recited, and in conformity with the approved usage of the United Cburch ef England and Ireland, I, William Cowper, Doetor In Divinity, Archdeacon of tha counties of Cumberland! and Cam- den, and Special Commissary of the Diocese of Sydney, daring, the vacancy of the Sec, do hereby Induct thee, Frederic Barker, Doctor in Divinity, into the occupation ef the said See or Diocese of Sydney ¡and do instal theo in corporal, lawful, and canonical' possession of the same by the style end title of .. the Lord Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan Bishop of Australia," this thirty-tret day or May, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and fifty, five. The venerable gentleman then took the Bishop by the hand and placed him on the stall occupied by the Bishqp. A psalm was then sung, and the Bishop read the ante-communion service and preached a sermon from the following text :-" And He gave some apos- tles ; and some prophets ; and some evangelist« ; and some pastors and teachers ; for the perfecting of the Saints ; for the work of the ministry,- for the edifying of the body of Christ."-Ephesians, iv., 11, 12. After which, a large number of persons partook of the Sacra- ment, which was dispensed by the Bishop, the Arch- deacon, and Canons-Allwood and Walsh. Since our last summary, an important step has been made in the railway movement. Above four miles have been so far completed, thut on Monday last the Directors of the Sydney Railway Company invited the Govern or- General to inspect that portion of the work ; and, having placed a first-class carriage on . the line, the party, consisting altogether of about twenty gentlemen had the first ride on a railway in New South Wales. It is intended to open the line to Parramatta in August. The final transfer to the Government of the Hunter River Railway Company's property was made about a fortnight since, and the deeds for transferring the Sydney Railway are in the lawyers' hands. By the 1st July all the railway property in the colony will be vested in the Government. It is understood that the Governor- General has de- voted his scientific knowledge to the best mode of in- troducing cheap railways, and that he will apply to the Legislative Council for a grant to defray the ex- pense of some experiments. The Patent Slip of the Australasian Steam Naviga- tion Company is now in full operation. Several of the Company's vessels have been hauled up, examined and painted, and, in addition, several vessels belong- ing to private parties have been repaired upon it. The steam vessel Acheron, 780 tons (formerly in Her Majesty's service) some four years since got aground and lost several sheets of copper. She has been pur- chased by the firm of G. A. Lloyd and Co. With a view of sending hor to England, it v/añ considered advisable to examine her bottom : she was hauled up with all her machinery on board, partially stripped, and several planks and portions of her keel, damaged, by the worm, removed, and made good, and launched again with perfect safety. This is considered highly satisfactory-the Acheron being a very heavy ship, equal in weight to an ordinary vessel of 1500 tons. It is considered by competent judges that ships of 2000 tons can be with ease hauled up and repaired. This'will be of great ad- vantage to the port. The principal public works which we have noticed in former summaries, are all nearly completed. The immense semi-circular wharf has been covered with a thick layer of bluestone metal, and is now ready for use. It is a very extensive and solid piece of work- manship, likely to prove of great utility to the mari- time interests, and a great ornament to the harbour. The sewerage of the City, whish has been com- menced under the able management of Mr. Rändle, is going on successfully. The chief point of operation is at Fort Macquarie, whence one of the main sewers is to issue into the harbour. The section of the town which Mr. Rändle has undertaken, comprises only a portion of five streets, and it is estimated that this part of the general sewerage will involve an outlay of something like £60,000. The Patriotic Fund for the relief of the sufferers by the war continues gradually to increase. It now ex- ceeds £50,000, of which £40,000 has been sent to England. Thelast remittance, £10,000, has been made in Government debentures, bearing five per cent, in- terest, and payable in England in five years. This mode of remittance has been opposed by some mem- bers of the Committee. It is admitted that the invest- ment is safe, profitable, and will be advantageous ia every way, but it is feared by some that the Commis- sioners may think that the parlies here are trafficking in the money, and that it will be more graceful to send home money, even if there is a-loss by so doing. It has been determined, therefore, not to make further remittances until the Commissioners have expressed their opinion upon the point. Since our last Bummary, several changes have taken place in connection with the shipping interest at this port. The wages of seamen have had an upward tendency. The superabundance of sailors who for- merly were to be seen lounging about the shipping office has now been cleared off, or have taken them- selves to the diggings. Instead of £6, seamen's wages may now be fairly stated to rule at £7 per month. In April last an agitation was set afoot by several of the masters of vessels in port, the object of which was the abolition or amelioration of that clause in the Water Police Act which requires a watch to be kept aboard every ship in' harbour (except vessels laid up) under a penalty not exceeding £5, between the hours of sunset and* sunrise, no matter whether at anchor in any out-of-the-way place, or lying alongside a wharf. Meetings were held, and a petition, signed by nearly all the shipmasters in port and several owners, was presented to his Excellency the Governor-General, praying for the amelioration or < abolition of the clause referred to. The reply of his Excellency was favourable ; and no doubt «.bill in re ference to the matter complained of will be introduced; by the Government during the session which is to commence next week. The operation of the enact- ment was generally considered oppressive. It was, provided that the fine imposed in consequence x>f neg- lect might be deducted from the seaman who had the watch, but who bad deBerted his post, or had füllen asleep, but in some cases the seaman had no wages due : the master, although he had done his duty, must, therefore, bear the loss. Then again, the seaman who committed the first,. offence, perhaps, was fined only ten shillings ; another man, aboard the same ship, might violate the law ; , and although this would be his first offence, it was the second in the eye of the law, and he would probably be fined twenty shillings : he therefore felt aggrieved. No doubt a remedy will be applied, and Jack,, after toiling through the night on the high seas, will be able to take his rest when in harbour. A new and very useful regulation has also been brought into force enacting that all sailing vessels when under sail, being towed, or at anchor in the roadway or fair way, in. harbour, shall exhibit a bright light at the mast- head. This regulation is being carried out cheer- fully. The penalty for violation is not exceeding £20. Our distant friends interested in theatrical matters, will doubtless be anxious to leam the result of Mr, GustavuB Y. Brooke's professional VÍBÍÍ to the antipodes. His reception has been enthusiastic, and his success complete, as regards the high estimation in which his eminent abilities are held here. We fear, however, that in a financial point of view, the specula- tion into which Mr. Brooke and Mr. Coppin entered in England will scarcely prove a profitable one. Arriving in Sydney at a time when at our two Theatres effective companies were engaged at considerable expense, the addition of Mr. Coppin's eorps diamatigue was one which could not be sustained with any reasonable hope of profit. The raising of the prices, too, has not been attended with favour. Tne furor which arose when Miss Catherine Hayes arrived here is not likely to be renewed for some time ; be the new arrivals of even more than ordinary celebrity. Whilst this may be regretted by lovers of the liberal arts, it is to be accounted for on various grounds. As the friends of Mr. Brooke have called attention, in terms of disap i pointment, to the prospect of his visit to our shores, not proving a profitable one, we have adverted to it ; but at the same time repeat the high opinion which we entertain ot his great talent._ THR RAILWAY WORKS.-Under the ^Railway Act, persons trespassing on the line are liable to be fined £5, and imprissned if the fine be not paid. There is, however, a greater danger than a fine to be now dreaded, as the locomotive engine is employed on various parts of the works, and is moving about at all hours ot the night as well as day. Trespassers may i not fear a constable, but if they happen to be laid hold of by the engine, the result will ba pretty certain to be serious. EASTER OFPERINO AT ST. LEONARD'S.-We an- nounced yesterday, that " the members of the Chwch of England resident at St. Leona» d's North-shore," had presented their pastor with the sum of £131. We find this is not strictly correct, as the offering wag made altogether by the penholders, viembers of the congré- gation assembling in the Church of St. Thomas, Wil- loughby, whe are not the whole of the members of the Church of England, many being prevented by want of accommodation in the Church, from assembling therein. The amount of the offering is enhanced by this consideration, and the offering itself is the more creditable to all parties concerned. GOLD FIELDS .REPRESENTATION.-"The Number of Members Increase Bill" has passed, and already Mr. Norman Simson has published an address to the inhabitants of Maryborough, soliciting their suffrages. We expect ere long, to see every gum- tree and post in this district, covered with notices inviting voters to " rush to the poll." These are droll things to occur Iin places that, but a few months back, were the an- cestral estates of the 'possums and kangaîoos.- Ouent and Murray Advertiser. 