" ' VARIETIES. . We doubt if a Philadelphia lawyer could ma nufacture a better defence than could be found- in . the: following morceaii " Sam, you'll' get it for hooking that turkey last night ; Mas'r knows it. Pompey : " I did'nt hook it. Warn't the turkey Mas'r's? Well, ainlt L Mas'r's ? Well, I cat the tnrkev.- didn't I ?- ' Well, ain't the turkey part ob me? Mas'r ain't got so much turkey, but ain't he got more nigger ? -I' tell ye the turkey on|y change places. ' . It is remarkable. says Dr. Darwin, "that 'all dis eases from drinking spirituous or fermented li quors are liable to become hereditary, even- to the third generation, and gradually to increase if the course bo .uuiinupd, till the.family .hp.nohies'e'— extinct. ; : : We are acquainted with a printer.: who is so en thusiastic in his business,, that he never sits down to dinner without insisting on seeing, a proof of the pudding. r ; If broken boots could sing, .why wouldn't they, sing glees ? Because they could only sing «jl(<)us. _ The Economist estimates' the 'additional -taxation: of the present year, in ' consequence : of 'the war,, amounts to £17,524,651, and, as the 'entire -add i-' linnal expenditure caused- by. the war amount's to, £33,500, 00O, fully one-half is borne by additional' taxation, and somewhat less than half-is furnished: by loans. We are now in the second year of'/the- war, and by the time it is expired -there will have; been raised by way of loans, by England'and: France, and the subscriptions completed, the sum- of £29,O0O,0o0 by the former, and of £6(3,0o0,900' by the latter, making together 95,000,000 of pub lic securities absorbed within two years; Mr. Burke, on one occasion, had just risen in' the House of Commons, with some papers in'hi3i hand on the subject of which he intcndel to make; amotion, when a rough hewn member, who had no ear for the charms of eloquence, rudely started up, and said "Mr. Speaker, I hope- the honor-' tble gentleman does not intend to read that large bundle of papers, and bore us' with a long speech into the bargain." Mr. Burke was so swollen; or rather, so nearly suffocated with rage, as -to be in capable of utterance, and absolutely ran out of the bpuse. Qn this occasion George Selwyn remarked, that it Was the only time he eveFsaw the' fable realised — a lion put to flight by the braying of an ass. Sydney. . Smith on Macaulay. — He says of Maeaulay, I . always -prophesied -his greatness from the first moment I- saw. him,, then a very young and unknown man on the Northern Circuit. There are no limits to his knowledge,.: on small suhjrets as well as great;- he is like a book in breeches. Yes, I agree, he is more agreeable since his return from India,. His' enemies might-hay said before (though I never heard if said) that- he talked rather tod much ; but now he has occasional flashes of silence, that make his conversation per fectly delightful. Bufwhat is far better and more important than all thi9 is,'that 1 believe Maeaulay to be incorruptible. Yon might lay ribbons, star's, garters, wealth, titles, before him in 'vain',' He has oa honeBt, genuine love of his country,' and the aorld could not bribe him to neglect her inte-. tests." At another time, " Oh yes! we both (Ma eaulay and he,) talk a great 'deal; 'bull don't believe Maeaulay ever' did hear my voice," he' exclaimed laughing. "Sometimes, when I liave told a good story, I have thought to myself. Poor Maeaulay! he nill be sorry some day not to hive heard that. To take Maeaulay oufof literature and society, and put hira into the Honse of Com mons, is like taking the -chief physician out. of London during a pestilence. You must study Maeaulay whan you- come to town. - He is incorri- pwably the first lion in the metropolis— that is, he wtites, talks, and speaks belter than any man in Eigland." : Darino and REsroNsiniLiTY.— How age can unnerve a man ! -and what a vast difference there is between physical -and moral courage ! -' Men vho despised death arid faced every danger in the battle-field, have been known to run away from 'a rat; they call that cowardice by the name of an tipathy. It is now many years ago thnt-a roid-f shipman, one of those dare-devil boys whose mrves were strung to any danger, mounted the cioss on the top of St. Peter's, and actually stood erect upon it. A gust of wind might have hurled h'm headlong to inevitable death ; ..but tjlirj he Itosd in spite of the giddy liciglif, nnd afiorwards Ascended in perfect safety, leaving his handker- 'biif as a record of his daring - there was no flrttpocicev „< ,hn ahurch or -the Curio hold enough la take that. This. miubt>rpfgaij , rose'HhVdugh the Wercnt grades of the:berYiceKp»rrormipBraany 'ail many a gallant action — for few men caw n«>tq filling, and none exhibited mpre; courage— until- became an admiral, The' peace had changed lis life from scenes !of activity and, danger to. do- 'static quiet and -a wife; 'but hti still sighed! for ' iployment ; and at lost, as the garden of Eden,' "re admiralty, had exhausted the 'standard fiuits, 'bis gallant, excellent, kind, and brave' oiRcrr ab- fluircd a command. The' war broke out; .there "tt no man more forward, no man more uager to ':ce the enemy, and, in conjunction with Bome tkips of dur ally, he'nppear'cd off a Russian -port. Hictc lay two frignlcB of ihc encnty, the fortifica"- tions were not very imposing/the place waB'.rer 'Ptnoitrcd, and it was resolved to-attackity Now 'sine the necesoity of moral courage ; the physD- 'tlhad been beyond doubt.- Ho was the com- !-';Wtlcr-in-chicf of the station; he might fail ; bit ships might be crippled b)f the batteries, or 'ink, for anything may occur in war, and then tu' trade might have severely suffered. .At this ""titiem he had no resolution he had neither the '"luisile courage to face the danger, nor withdraw ">m it ; and he committed suicide the very night i 'fore the attempt was to bo made.' One would 'oppose that, nt any rate, he would have made the sl'ack ; and there was plenty of' time, if ho failed, j,0 commit the rash act, if lie feared that bugbear, 'cponsibilily." And he is not alone. Many 'Seers— Collingwood, for instance— cb bravo as a ca b the fight, are more afraid of " responstbi- I t 'ban n child of a ghost;— Iffy Travels,' by i « p/ivimt/iw 