« MEETING OF MINISTERS AND DELEGATES. AUDEESS TO TUB Rs\\. R FLETCKEK, CilVIKMAN OF Tiir CONCIBO VTIOVAL UNION 01 VICTORIA. ON Wednesday morning, at ten o'clock, the meeting of Ministers and Di.lcg3tea was held in the Independent Chapel, Collins-street east. The following ministers were present, Viz. :-The Rev. MÎBSTP. R Fletcher, J. L. Poore, A. Morrison, T. Odell, W. Moss, E. Day, W. B. Landells, A. Scales, W. Brown, and J. Kidgell. The proceedings were commenced by singing and prayer. " , , The Rev. A. Morrison s'ated that he now resigned his office of Chairman of the Society into the hands of the Rev. It Fletcher, who had been elected to till the post during the present year. The Rev. R. Fletcher having taken the chair, 6atd : -It would have been more congenial to my fe.pl ings, and perhaps more suitable to DIT position, as a comparatively recent arrival in this colony, to have occupied any other place than the chair on the pretr-nt occasion. But having been chtssen to thi« post by the suffrages of my brethren, it was not for me by any oflVctntion of modesty to refuse compliance with their wishps. I therefore accepted the appointment avitltout hesitation, and shall do my beat to discharge its duties. The custom has now be come established in England for the chairman of tho Congregational Union to deliver an elaborate address on opening the business of each session. The usage is good, and has its advantages when there is anything of public importance demanding the attentisn of ministers and churches, as there generally is in so vast and varied a complication of social and religious interests as exists in Great Britain and in Europe. But so narrow and limited a stage as a young colony presents affords les-i scope, and there is not a little danger, if the custom must be kept up, of its degene- rating into a mere formal repetition of commonplaces, or changing ita character into a sermon or homily. A fruitful topic for such addresses, and one peculiarly suited to a colony, is Congregationalism itself, and its adaptation as a system to a new colonial community. But I refrain from handling so tempting a theme, on the ground of its having been assigned to one quite as well acquainted with the prin- ciples of Congregationalism as myself, and much botter acquainted with the colonies and with the actual work- ing of the system in them, on an occasion more public and more important than the present. The Rev. Mr. Stow, of Adelaide, will make that the subject of his ad- dress, as chairman of the forthcoming conference of re- presentatives of the Congregational body from all the Australia», which is expected to meet in this city the latter part of the ensuing m rath. But there is a topic of a practical kind, bearing immediately both upon the objects of our present assembly and upon our general interests as a denomination, to which I shall take the liberty of adverting for a brief space, I refer to Home Mission operations. It cannot bo said that our progress as a body in the colony of Victoria has been distinguished for its rapidity. Surrounded by circumstances where growth and develop ment have been unparalleled in the same space of time in the world's history, our advancement has been at a rate little more than ordinnry. The first of all denominations in the field, having had the start of all others, several have outstripped and gone beyond us. This may have been our nrsfortune and not our fault, owing to circumstances which could not be controlled, a subject rather for lamentation than for censure. Still it is a fact which deserves to be carefully looked at, and from which some practical instruction and stimulus to activity may possibly be derived. Let us not, however, forget the efforts which have been put forth, and the self-denying sacrifices which have been cheerfully made, both by churches and individuals, in accomplishing what has been effected. Considering the fewness of our members, it must have fallen heavily upon the zeal and liberality of those few to provide as they have done for the erection of chapels, ministers' houses, and school-rooms, and for the settle- ment of pastors, both in this tit ighbourhood and other parts of the colony ; and it must be borne in mind that what has been do-e by us, has been done, according to our cherished principles, in nearly all instance?, by purely voluntary contributions, while other Christians, who have surpassed us in the size and number of their structures, have been materially aided by grants from the public funds. Having faith in our principles, we believe that buch advantage is merely temporary, what is gained in the start being lost in the long- run. What h ts heretore been effected in founding congre- gations and building placeB of worship has for the most part been done without the formal organisation of our resources. The commencement of a cause in any neighbourhood where it was wanted, and the cha- racter of it when begun depended largely upon the contingency of those happening to be residing near the spot a sufficient nu ber of persons who were al- ready congregati^balists, possessed of a dispo- sition to unite and of the ability to carry out the ob- ject. When this was happily the case, a cause was founded, strong 'or aveak, prosperous or the reverse, according to the number and quality of tho elements that gathered around.it. When these materials were altogether wanting, or nearly so, nothing WSB done, however populous and thriving the neighbourhood. Hence, to this day nothing has even been attempted by us at Emerald Hill, Sandridge, or Williamstoavn, Bendigo, or Ballaarat, or, till very recently, at Castle- maine. Perhaps this loose and unsystematic state of things is inevitable in the early stages of a young colony. Materials must exist before they can be orga- nised, and some time must be allowed for them to accumulate. As it is, with respect to a particular church, so it is with respect to the general body-a sufficient number of Christians must already be found in a locality before a church can be formed ¡ and a sufficient number <f churches must already exist before united and organised efforts can be made for the wider extension of the cause. But the time ha; cer.ainly now come to take a step in advance, Our numbers are sufficiently large for union and or- ganization, while our resources are toot BO plentiful that we can afford to waste them. We have enough to enable us to accomplish much, by the blessing of God, under a good and well worked system : whereas I without it little will probably bo done, and that little | badly. Our means need to be brought out, hus- banded, economised, and made to bear upon the most needy, and at the same time, hopeful localities. This daughter colony may take a lesson from the experience of the mother country. For a long time no organised efforts were made in England to extend the cause of evangelical nonconformity. Churches and individual Christians were left to do what they liked without union or concert with one another. The conse- quence was they did next to nothing. The Method'tBls sprung up, and widely diffused them- selves during the last century, and tivy combined thtir energies and acted on system. At that very time the other nonconformist bodies made no pro- gress : the probability is that their congregations were fewer in number at the close than at the beginning of the century. No church troubled itself with planting other churches, and Christians seemed to wrap them- selves comfortubly up in their own privileges. But at the close of the century a new ern dawned upon the cause of truth and holiness, not only among ourselves but all other Christian bodies. A sjstcm of organised and .united action had then its hirth, which has mar- vellously gr twn and developed since. It was like a brilliant gold discovery : riches and resources close at hand and long neglected were extracted and worked with great effect. Miseionary societies led the way, several of which sprung up in rapid succession. These were quickly followed by Tract Societies, Bible So- cieties, Sunday School Unions, Home Mission», Con- gregational Unions, County Associations, Itinerant Societies, City Missions, and other organitations of Christians, zealous for the extension of religion. What a galaxy of brightness does the firmament of the Church present to the contemplative mind when these institutions hold their anniversaries in the spring eea«on in our British metropolis ! and what glorious results ! The revenue of the Bible Society was an- nounced at its last anniversary to be for the year then ending £240,000 ; and the Scriptures it had p'ut in cir. culation from its commencement were ten times the number that had been previously written or printed since the world began. The missionary enterprise is not less wonderful. Scarce a heathen land is life un visited by the missionary, and over the wild domain of Paganism, which had been left undisturbed for centu- ries by the slumbering churches, infant Christian communities are now scattered in all directions, the bud» and harbingers of a richer harvest. The time would fail me to recount the triumphs of the other grand organized efforts which have proceeded at a proportionate speed, and can t-.ll of proportionate successes. The results in regard to the increase of the non-conformist bodies are very striking nnd de- cisive, as the publication of the census returns has clearly brought to light. It is found that the provision made for religious worship and ordinances by voluntary efforts exceeds that made by tho endowed churches, though they have existed for centuries while organized voluntaryism is scarcely more than half a century old. Congregational churches have more than doubled during the last fifty year«. In Lancashire there was no Congregational Union in Ï800 ; -hen one «¡cn formed shortly after that date, it was barely able to sustain a single itinerant ; now it grants aid to 30, and has been the means of bringing into existence or de- veloping into strength 50 or CO churches. The con- gregations in that county uuring this period of united ^Tort to extend the cause, have multiplied five-fold. Similar good has bdeh efltctsd for the colonies by the i formation of the Colonial Missionary Society. I Before that event little had been done for .Con- ^ gregationalisra. in the British colonies. At -that time there ***e only twd or three Congregational churches in Canada; now the' number is somewhere about sixty, and a college is in operation for training a native ministry. With respect to Australia, but little has been done for Victoriarby the Colonial Society prior to our mission, but we know thnt a considerable portion of what has been accomplished in the neigh- bouring colonies may be traced more or less to its agency. The history, then, of the past teaches us that we can expect only a very uncertain, 'desultory, unequal, and unsatisfactory amount of progress if wo do not combine and organise our resources for colonial missionary pur- poses, and that wo may reasonably anticipate, by the blessing of God, an encouraging measure of sut cess if a comprehensive, well-constituted, and well-worked society be set on foot. I have said that there are now materials sufficient to warrant us to proceed in the formation of a Colonial Missionary Society. The number of our organised churches in the colony is now about fourteen, and there are besides a fe* germs of new undertakings, where Sunday schools and occasional preaching service3 have been commenced. Surely there must be resources here, spiritual, mental, pecuniary, sufll"ient for a beginning. If all who now belong to us would but cordially unite, a revenue might be collected large enough for. extensive opera- tions, even at the outset, and every instance of success with which God might crown our labors would be followed by an increase of power for further extension. The least consideration must show that the demand ia urgent. It is a serious reflection upon us that we have done nothing at Williamstown, Sandridge, Emerald Hill, and other districts around Melbourne; nor anj thing in Gipps Land, to the east ; or Portland, Belfast, and the whole country to the westward ; and that so very little has been attempted for the populous and important gold producing regions. In many of these spheres the fields are white unto the harvest, and labors initiated by a society would speedily result in the establishment of self-sustaining churches, while the contributing churches would enjoy a reflex bene- fit coming back upon themselves in increase of num- ber», df piety, and of power. 'Tis true, whatever moneys may be rais d, we shall bo restrictedih our proceedings without a fresh supply of ministerial agency. But the utmost we can expect from the Colo- nial Missionary Society in England, is the outfit and transit expenses of those who may come out. Their support will have to be provided for in the colony itself ; and what encouragement have we to urge the sending forth to us of reinforcements of brethren, if we have no society to take them by the hand on their landing, to assist them to spheres of labour, and to provide temporarily for their support ti 1 the congre- gations they may minister to are able to take the full charge upon themselves ? Something, I rejoice to say, has been already effected. A society for the very purpose I am now advocating was, as you are aware, formed in this chapel last April, when a sort of provisional existence was given to it until the period which has now arrived, when the Congregational Union should hold its annual meoting. It wa» expected that then a fit opportunity would occur finally to determine upon its constitution, and to urge the support of it upon all the ministers and churches in the colony. The society, however, has heretofore been virtually sustained by the contribu- tions of two or three individuals, who put down their names for large and noble sums, and avho, notwith- standing the unexpected and painful pressure of the times, have for the moat part redeemed their promises, and paid up their subscriptions. Honor to the men who, while battling with the anxieties of a commer- cial crisis, have made great sacrifices for the cause of God ! But subscriptions on such a munificent scale cannot reasonably be expected in continuance. If God give the ability and the disposition to furnish means eo abundant, we shall thanktully avail ourselves of them. But our dependence must not be too much placed upon them. The work must rest upon a broader and less precarious basis : it must be thrown upon the churches at large. An annual collection in every chapel should be made, whether it yield much or little, and every member in every church enrolled as a subscriber. It-will require a thorough organisation to effect tliii, but if the ministers and churches take the matter heartily up, it may bo done. And when done, then the churches will feel that the society is their own ; they will watch with interest its progress, aid it by their prayers, and rejoice in its successes. I made a passing allusion, at the commencement of this address, to the Conference of congregational mi- nisters and laymen of this and the neighbouring colo nies, intended to be held in the ensuing month of February. A feeling grew up simultaneously in various quarters, but assumed a moro definite and practical form in Sydney, that much advantage might accrue to the general interests of religion in connection with Congregationalism in this part of the world, if several friends, upon whom devolves much of the re sponsibility of taking an active part in our deno- minational affdirs, could have un opportunity of con- ferring together on the objects to be aimed at, and the best methods of procedure. The scheme, when suggested, commended itself to general approval ; and the proposal of the Sydney friends to hold such a con- ference, and to hold it here, was at once responded to by South Australia, Van Diemen's Land, and Vic- toria. I claim your interest and sympathy, brethren, in a gathering which may lead to development of re- sources, to active measures, and momentous resul s. I trust no petty jealousy, no ungenerous suspicions, will arise to obstruct the proceedings of men who can have no object in view but the common good, and whose power over others cannot possibly go beyond recommendation and suggestion. Nor, on the other hand, let us regard the occasion as one merely of plea- sant fraternal intercourse, much less of show and de- monstration ; but let us all consider it as a most pre- cious opportunity that may never occur again, of con- sulting together for the general weal, and charge our consciences with the responsibility of turning -it to the best account. Let us reflect upon and converse j about the topics it is proposed to discuss, and any others that may occur to our own minds ; let us en- deavour to get our hearts into a right frame, so as to receive and impart as large an amount of hallowed in- fluence as possibly we can ; and let us remember it frequently in our prayers, that the God of all grace may liberally grant the spirit of wisdom and of counsel, of power and love, and of a sound mind. The inconvenience of our having to write to England for ministers whenever any are wanted to succeed to vacant pastorships or to open up new fields of mis- sionary labour, is increasingly felt as the colony en- larges and spheres multiply, and the necessity is be- coming daily more and more apparent of making pro tiaion for training a ministry among ourselves. This is one topic which will occupy the serious considera- tion of the forthcoming conference. A commence- ment too in the formation of a literature for denomi- national purposes is considered by many ui gently called for. In moving from place to place in this country you have all felt the uncertainty, con- fusion, inconvenience, and even expense which arises from the variety of hymn books in use in our different congregations-an evil which will increase rather than diminish as time rolls on and congregations multiply. An Australian hymn-book, and perhaps a tune-boök too, has been suggested as likely to meet with general approval and remove the evil. So has also the estab- lishment of a periodical as a medium for the inter- change of thought and the collection and diffusion of intelligence of one another's proceedings throughout the southern hemisphere. I have deemed it worth while just to name these two of the topics proposed to be considered at the intended conference, merely to direct your attention to them ; but I shall not enlarge upon them nor proceed with more. As this is my first appearance at an anniversary of this Union, I take the opportunity now afforded me of ex- pressing the pleasure I feel in meeting you on this occasion. Long and largely connected in the northern hemisphere with associations of this kind, no small pirt of the delight I have tasted in ministerial work has sprung from th:s source ; and I hope to renew and perpetuate the gratification on this side the globr. I bear my willing and grateful testimony to the cordial- ity and frankness with which I and my fellow-laborer have been received. If any visible proof were want- ing, my position in this chair to-day would furnish it. This fraternal and Christian reception of us, is as honorable to yourselves as it is gratifying to us, and as I am suro it will to the churches at home, whose messengers we are. We hope to receive some spiritual fruit ond benefit from you, and happy t>hall we be if we are the means of imparting any to you. This avili amply compensate us for haning left our native land, and parted from our beloved churches. Hence- forward, Australia is to be my home, and the prosperity of the Austrilian churches the great object of the re- mainder of my life. For this I bhall labor as much as in me lies; and for this I shall daily supplicate the Throne of Grace. Suffer ma.to say that our prosperity depends not wholly upon the truth and soundness of our principles. They may be capable of easy and irrefragible demonstration, and yet be inoperative. Much depends upon the manner of spirit we are of. People are legs affected by argument than by exem- plification. They judge more by what is done than by what ia said-more by fact than theory. The secret of our strength consists in the coodne«, «7 " churches. They must bo such a. will,"¿L0T, attehtitm inspire respect, and attract to therntA* a natural process of accretion such as shall ho ." J They must be distinguished for ASS "_*& mony. If they we, our peculiar polity will apnear^ advantage; if they are not, it assumes P«n "I* peet that is not unfrequently disguatimr vi' let me say, that no system affords a nniX outlet to tho surface &Í inward corU.iSKf? disunion than our.. If selfishness, coldnessÍ aliena tion, discord, be within our borders, it will be im«« Bible to suppress their outward manifestation. ThP"" useless are all arguments on the scriptural and S '' tohc character of our principles. The tree wif t judged by its fruits. On the other hand, no«_J2 affords a liner medium for displaying true ChristiT excellence than ours. What moral spectacle iÄ beautiful, attractive, and impressive, than a Christian society, consistent in conduct, active in effort warm in devotion, harmonious in spirit, and abundant in An interchange of acts of kindness, sympathy, andlovoJ Colonists are pre-eminently practical, and will form their opinions of systems by their working. We mav talk as we like about the adaptation of congre Rational ism to colonial society; its real adaptation avili _crZ" upon Its quali'y. <-p«itt In the maintenance and increase of such a state of things in our churches, I feel, brethren, and ever har« felt, tatt much, very much, depends upon us -rf¿ sustain the ministerial office. If we are m selfish, generous, conn ling, sympathising. 7¿ iwing m each other's prosperity, ready to help one another m adversity, prompt to co-operate and labour for the genernl good, God will bless na î« our souls and will blees the work of our hands If w» "consider one another to provoke unto love and to good works s if we do our utmost to promote a warm gental flow of affection between minister and minist«-' and between church und church, verily ave «hall nor' lose our reward. And our responsibility is weightv A glorious future awaits us if we ore faithful -dis' grace and failure if we bre not worth j of our'rjost 1 his country is inevitably destined ti becomo a iitl't one. It has in it all the elements of prorress W, are placed in it by Providence at a critical iuncture when society is settling upon its foundation is taking its shape and assuming its character It is'onr honest belief that it would be a blessing to the com mumty to understand, to adopt, and act upon our Scripture principles. Such an opportwmV of bringing about a consummation so devoutly to be wished as the lifetime of the existing generation oresenta can novor come again. Let us be faithful to our special trust, then, by doing our utmost by the heb of God, to scatter far and wide the vital seeds of Dime truth. But we must work largely in faith The youngest amongst us will not live to see the issuett of our proceedings. It is ours to sow-others mt_t reap ; we lay the foundations-«thers will build there- upon. Ia not this, however, nn honorable position to occupy, in the rearing and development of Christ's church. Are we not in holy fellowship with pro- phets and apostles, whose place it was to labour while others coming after them entered into their labours? If it be unlawful for us to cherish the ambition of being known to future ages as the faithful founders of a prosperous evangelical Congregationalism, yet let us at least from the purer motive of love to Christ, and love to souls-aim to deserve such a distinction THE AUCTIONBER,-Now of all hardest, stoniest, sternest lines a man can or will follow, commend me to that of an auctioneer, broker, and appraiser. To be a George Robins, a Musgrove and Gadsden, a Cafe, Sons, and Reed, must be hard enough to a man of sensitive feelings. To have to sell the broad green acres that have been in the good old family for gene- rations and generations, to have to build one's auc-" tioneering nest in the scathed branches of the old mahogany tree, and knock down, one by one, the withered blossoms of friendship and hospitality, and love; to see the Turkey carpets rolled up, and tie pictures turned with their faces to the wall ; to value the gobleta that have held a thousand loving pledges, | and the heir- looms that have been won by wisdom I and bravery, only as so much metal, at so much per ounce ; to solicit an advance on the marriage bed, and turn up the grandsire's arm- cha ir, that an Hebrew upholsterer, from Fimbury Pavement, may inspect its castors ; to hammer the pearls out of the coronet, and draw the bar- sinister of poverty across the time honoured scutcheon ; to draw up the death-w.inant of the pride and wealth and comfort of a family in a catalogue, reckoning the choicest household trea- sures, the lares and penates of the hearth ; the old lord's velvet crutch, the heir's cricket-bat, when he was a boy, the heiress's bird-cage, only as BO many lots, all this must be hard and cruel enough; and ss the auctioneer's hammer in its verberations seems but to punctuate the tex' that favour is deceitful and. beauty vain, and that there is no profit under the sun, the auctioneer himself must sigh. But when, as is the case in the province«, the auctioneer is also a broker and valuer, when he seizes as well as sells; when he is not only favoured with instructions to sell, but commanded, with her Majesty's greeting to im- pound under the sheriff's levy, the vocation becomes doubly painful, doubly melancholy. The auctioneer becomes the undertaker of the family happiness, and with his hammer nails up the coffin of their hopes. He comes, not of himself, but of the law, to strip the widow and the orphan, and despoil the fatherless. The bed is his, the ticking clock, the little old minia- ture on the mantel, the few books on thehangingshelf, the bright pots and pins, the father's gun, the chil- dren's little go-cart. He can take the hearth-rug from under the cat, and though that domestic animal her- self is beneath his notice, if she had a brass collar it would be his, and down asan item in the inventory in a moment. To seize the p ior man's sticks is utterly to beggar, to crush him, to scrape him as clean as a forked radish, to knock the poor edifice of his bien être as completely about his ears, as the housemaid's broom- demolishes the spider's web ; but without having the power to reconstruct his web, as the spider can. But though hard, it is the law, and the law must be obeyed ; and we must do our duty, as Little Jack Scotforth of Dodderham siid. - Househld Wordt. IKDIAN SUPERSTITION.-The age of ghosts ard witcheries has gone by. Still thero prevail many stories about the depredations committed by them. It has been heard that many a child was taken an ay from the lap of its mother and found on the top of a palm tree or banian tree wrapt in rags. Grown up men have even sometimes been made their sport. In a dark pitchy night when the rains might be drizzling and the thunder roaring, it was deemed passing strange and almost miraculous to return home safe from a distance. It was a peculiar weakness of our ancestors to fancy that every isolated tree was the nest of a ghost ; whenever they were compelled to pass it by, they would mutter " ram ram"-a word which it is believed has a very particular charm, that all ghosts vanish at the name and cease to pursue their prey -a circumstance otherwise unavoidable. So strong was the belief of our ancestors in the existence of these serial spirits, that no amount of reasoning could convince them of the falsehood of their notions. One could not dare contradict the cur- rent opinion regarding ghosts and witches without the risk ot being abused in the most indecent strain, or laughed at. Our grandmothers, who were generally well versed in the legends of devils and spirits, would occasionally recite one to lull young infants to sleep when they proved to be refractory, or declined to take their meat ; the child thus became prepossessed with these things, and its prepossession grew and strength- ened with its growth. Ghosts lived only for our grandfathers and greatgrandfathers. There are thou- sand such minor prejudices which no longer exist, and the fdw that are still in existence will begin to dis- appear as the light of English education continues to spread itself.- Calcutta Literary Gazette. How io MANUFACTURE SPANISH DANCERS. Spanish dancers begin to abound in London, from St. James' to Whitechapel. They are manufactured pretty much in the same w*y as a real Whitechapel Havannah, namely, of pro mee of English growth. Tako a dark-looking young lady-if of the Hebrew persuasion the better -let her be pirouetted two hours a day, made to stamp upon the floor, like «t energetic housemaid killing black1 beetles-let the name of Levy or Mosf s be turned to the fulness and favour of Paquita or Dorotea, and the transformation is complete. You have your muscular Whitechapel Spanish Dancer even as you have your full-flavoured Whitechapel Havannah. The authenticity of the Chinese letter announcing war against the " foreign devils," and alleged to have been Bent to Hongkong under the seal ofYangseu TBing, is called in question by Captain Edward Pf8"" bourne, R.N., in a letter to the Dublin Exprets. Cap- tain Fishboume pronounces it a forgery, concocted either by the Imperialists or by those who think differently from the insurgents on religious matters. He points to the fact that all the English, French, and Americans, who visited Nankin, state that they are called not "foreign devils," but "foreign brethren." TUB GUARDIAN AKOBLOP RUSSIA.-Why is a cer- tain port of Russia called Archangel ? Probably the Archangel, honoured by tho appropriation of his name, is that one who is said to have precedod ST. MICHAEL. 