VARIETIES. Graves and Flowers.— The eusfom of qdorning the graves of the departed with floivcra— emblems of the. meauty that fades so quickly, and the life that 13 so short —lias existed an all countries, and in every ago. The /ancient Greeks-crowned the dead with wreaths of flowerB, 'and tho mourners wore them at the funeral rites. Tho 'anoieiit Egyptians placed garlands on the floshloss brows -of tue ek'eletons wluch they introduced to their banquets. The practice of strewing and planting graves with flowers Was observed among tho Romans, as appears from an au- 'cient inscription at Ravenna, and another at Milan, in rwliioli roseB ate ordered annually to be strewed and 'planted on tho graves of those whose wishes are thus re corded. The Persians adorn the graves of thoir departed /relatives with sweet basil, and the tombs in the cemeteries -of Syria are garlanded with festoons of jessamine, roses, and orange and myrtle blossoms. In Italy the graves of children are decked with the bright blue flowers of the perriwinkle— a creeping shrub, with glossy, dark green leaves. In Germany and Switzerland the custom of decking graves with flowers is very common. At Leipsic shrubs and flowers are cultivated in little inclosures round the graves, and the cemetry is a public promenade. 'resorted to by those who havo relatives or frionds interred within the consecrated, precincts , In the little church yard Of Wirfin; in the' .valley of Salza, the -graves are "covered with oblong boxes, .which are'eithor planted with /perennial shtubs and flowering pots, or liavo their floral -ornaments renewed annually. . ;In tlie humble cemetery of Montmartro children ifiay 'be seen decking with flowers 'tho graves of their, parents, and mothers may bo seen , ''hanging garlands on.fhclittlo wooden crosses whioh mark 'the resting places of their depnrtod children. Their are niahy allusions in the' works of the ' authors of the six tccnth and seventeenth centuries to the custom of - strew- 'ing flowera. Qn the. graves, nnd. especially .iu the ease of young maidons. Thus, in Hnmlet, the Queen, scattering blowers on'-the grave of Ophelia, says:' "Rw'edtsto the sweetl'' Farewell? I hoped thy bride-bed to havo decked, sweet maid, And jiot have strewed thy .gravo." : X similar practice is niticeu nearer our own time by 'Gay/ who siiys— " (Jpon 'her crave tho rosemary they threw, , Tho.flaisy, butter blower, and endive blue." Aubrey notices a custom at Oakley, in Surrey, of plant rig roses qn.tho gravos of lovers ; nhd Msrtyn, writing 'about tho iniddlo of the last century,- says that it was still "customary in Bomo parts of England to. distribute rose- mary among a company at a funeral, Who frequently 'threw sprigs of it into tho grave. Pepys mentions a -churchyard near Southampton, wherein tho year 1662, it was ho custom to plant tho graves with sage. Brandt, in his 'Popular Antiquities',' mentions a custom of plant ing flowers and 'fragrant herbs on graves as being very cpmrnqn in . South Wales. Tho white roso is always planted on a virgin's tomb. Reading!— Preserve proportion in your reading koop your views of men and things extensivo, and depond upon It a mixod knowledge is not a superficial ono 5 as far as it goes the view? that it gives are true, but ho who reads 'deeply in one olass of writers only, gets views that are almost sure to bo porvcrted, and which aro not only nar row but false. A Brilliant Example.— If you are backbitten and "annoyed take example by your boots, which, although blackened every day shine the more brightly, anil which "onduto every rub withouta murmur. A-Wonp yob Parents.— Michclot savs, in writing of Educating children, "They can imbibo but little every "day. Likoavaso with a narrow neck, pour littlo or jiour much, you will novorgct n great deal in ut once.' , PaniE OF .HmTir.— UauniRtcruscd to tcll .a story of his haying been introduced, with Mrs. Bannister, to an cl- derly lady with exceedingly high notions. Aftcrthcprc- Yentation had taken place, the lady, asked a wit of tho jny, who was present, " Who aro the llannistei-s— are they of good family ? " "Yes," said tlio wit, "Very mdeod, thoy nro closely allied wi.h the Stairs. Gh, said Lady Lucretia, "a vory ancient family ;,ronl Ayrshire, dates back to 1460—1 am dolightcd to sec thorn." . Memory. — Thcro is something very curious about nie- ' Ty> says Sam Slick, I don't ttiink tlioro is suoh a thing us total forgctfulncss. Memory has many cells. Somo ot tlicm ain't used much and dust and cobwebs got about them and you can't tell where tho hinge is, or can'teasily loam whore tho spring is, but open it once, and whatever is stowed away thoro is us safe ami sound as evor. I had I'.E many capital stories poked away in them cub holes, Jhatl enn't just lay my hand 011 just when I want them, "ut nowamf then, when looking for something olso, I stumble on them by accident. Tell you what, as to for- gottin-n thing teototally, I don't beliovo there is any such thing mnatur. .. Guosts.—" Ghosts," says Thomns Hood, ' ' no such thing in nature— all laid long ago, before the wood pavc- /?en'- . What should tliev come for ? The colliors may riso for, higher wages, and the chartists may riao for re- i?rm' "'0 obstaiuors limy riso for their. health, and ; . WSMJlhg generation may rise, but that tho doad sliould rise holy to niako one's hair riso in more than I can credit. \- PyPP0'0 yourself a ghost. Well, if you come out of your grave to norvo a frieud how arc you to help him ? And if its anenciny what":; the use of appearing to him,' if you #n t pitch into him ?" a Common Cask. — " Dootor," said a porson onoo to a surgeon, " tr.y daURhtor had a torriblo (it this njorning ; oho oontinuod for full half au hour without snowledge or understanding." "Oh," replied tho .n .2ri 'Dovor mind that ; insny poopio continuo so ail their hvos." «« t ilf the place.— A gentleman taking fin appartmout, said to tho lady, "I assure you madam, a never loft a lodging but my landlady shed tears. "I nope, sir. ' said sho, " it was not because you went away without paying." 