, VARIETIES ;,T7hcn_is a lady reducing a niitmeg to powder like. ono - going abroad ? tyborislursJilmmii -grating (emigrating). ' \Vhy is a.quqck like a-iocomotiVe engine? Beoauaoiie ' ' cannot go on without p, lifting, ' My love,' said Boyle to lua wife, ' why 19 a Tjaplandor like an umbrella maker ?' 'C'nuso ho derives Iiis support- froiri tho rain, dear (reindeer).' . . : Might d publican, who,' having been ' unfortunato in basitiuua,' Had re-opened his house, be, termed a repub lican ? ; It s a vnrv solemn tiling to, bo married,' said Aunt Bethany, 'Yes, but it's a deal moro solemn not to bo,' said an old maid. To conyerso'ttuentiy is a gift; but it 'Wju/t always a sign of wisdom. Some m .11 cannot ;sustnin a conversa tion witha lady : but thoy csu liston, and that ifl just as well, perhaps.- ":As a rule liidiesard.'noti over-partial to gossippinginen. They like no iiifraetibna of their peeu- linr rigbts . . . .. Tom Toddy makes a very fair nttom.t indeed at a' joko, Ilo says thnt Edgar Pqo.uscd.to.drink strong' tea to ercitb hin to a nouiical inspiration, .Tomrav says it is no won der that T should Poo a Poet ! THE ACCIDENT OF BIRTH.— 'I don't know what you moan by not being an Irishman/ said a gentleman, who was about hiring a boy, 4 but you were born in Ire- tond/ 'Och, your honour, if that's all/ said the boy. 4 small blame to that. Supposo yotfr cat was to have kittens' in the oven, would thoy be loaves of bread ? A fust young man was returning elated from an even ing s carouse, when, looming through the mist, he spied a portly figure shivering in the cold. Ho clasped the louc damsel m his arms, kissod hor smooth, icy face, and sympathising inquired why she ventured out 'without her bonnet? An observant policeman saw him' hugging the round headed cast-iron ' pillar-post' erected there the previous morning A LITTLE TOO POLITE.—As John Randolph was walking one day he met a man. who walked straight on romamng, 4 that /ic did not turn out for a rascal I' 1 dp. quicAiy rejoined ilandulph, and immediately sten- ping a i le he lot the ruffian pass. young Ladies should not accept presents from gentle men, unless the latter uro lovers, relatives, or very inti mate friends of tlio family. In the case of money ex- pondod, even should tlio nniount be trifling, it should bo ro.unburscd with strict nromptitudo. Tha etiquette in this matter is exact and indisputable, A Thoughtful Bride— 'Now then, Mary! what aro you burning off my writing table ?' said an author to his young wife. ' Only the pspcr that's written on, my dear. I hav nt touched the si an !' was tho reply Whilo Dr. Samuel Johnson was courting hi3 intended wife, in order to try hor, he told hor " that he hnd no property, und, moreover, he once hnd an unolo that was haugod. To which tho lady replied—" That she had no more proporty than lie had ; and as to her relatives, although she never had one that was hanged, sho had a great number that deserved to be !" Sambo's I'npsciurrtojr. — A gentleman in Alabama, exerting himself one day, felt a sudden pain, nnd fearing Ills in tern til machinery hnd been throwu out of gear, sent for a negro on his plantation, who had mado somo pre tensions to medical skill, to prescribe for him Tho negro having investigated the case, prepared aud administered a doso t» his pntient with tlio utmost confidence of a speedy euro. No relief being experienced, however, the go ntioman sent for a physician, who, on a -riving, inquired of the negro what medicine he had give.i his mnBt.T Bob promptly rc3poudcd, "rosin and alum sir'"— " What did you givo them for?" continued the ''doctor — "Why," replied Bob, "da alum to draw de parts to-ed- der, and de rosin to aodder urn !" — The patient recovered accordingly. A Duelling Anecdote.— Two Spanish officers met to fight a duel, outside the gates of Bilboa, after the se conds had failed to reconcile the belligerents. " We wish to fight— to fight to death," they ronhed to the represen tations of their companions. At this moment, a poor fellow, looking like.tbo ghost of Komoo's apothecary approached tho seconds, and in a lamentable voice said : — ' Gentlemen, I am a poor artisan, with a largo family, and would " " My good man, don't trouble us now " cried one of the officers, "don't you see that my frien'ds nro going to engage each other ? We aro not in a Chris tian humour." " it is not almi I ask for," said the man; " I am a poor carpontor, with eight children, and my wife is ill ; and having heard that those two gontlomcn were about to kill each other, I thought of asking you to let mo make tho coffins." At these words the individuals about to commence tho combat burst- into a loud fit of laughter, and, simultaneously throwing down their swords, shook hands with caoh other, aud walked away. Had a " W inning Way" with heu.— A wayward Bon of the Emerald Isle " left tho bed and board ' which he and Margaret, his wife, had occupied for u Ion- while, and spent his time around rum shops, whore he was al ways on hand to count bimscll "in" whenever anybody should stand treat. Margaret was dissatisfied with this state of thiugs, and endeavoured to get her husband home again. Wo shall ate how she proceeds : Now Patrick, my honey, will ye oorao back ?' No, Margaret, I won't come back.' 'An' won't ye como back for the love of tho ohildren ?' ' Not for the lovo of the children, Margaret.' Will ye come back for tho lovo of mcsilf ?' ' Niver lit all, 'way wid ye.' 'An' Patrick, won't the love of the Church bring jo back ?' ' Church to the deuce, and then I won't como back.' Margaret thought she would try one other inducement Taking a pint bottlo of whiskey from her pocket, and holding it up to her truant husband, she said— Will ye como for the drap of whisky ?' 'All, mo darlint," answered Patrick, unable to withstand :such temptation,: 'It's yersilf that'll always bring me home again— ye has such a winning way wid yo; I'll corns home Margaret.' Margaret declares that Putriok was .' reclaimed by moral suasion.' Sacrilegious Swindling.— I have ofton heard Mr. Dey relate tho following anecdoto. A young oouple called on him one day at his houso, in Greenfield. They in formed him that they were from the southorn portion of the State, and desired to be married.- They, were well dressed, made considerable display of jewollery, and alto gether wore an air of respectability.. Mr. Dey felt confi dent all was right ; and calling in several. witnesses, he, proceeded lo unite them in the holy bonds of wedlock. Aftor the coremonieB wore concludo J, Mr Dey invited the happy pair (as was usual in thoso days) to partako of soine cake and wine. Thus they tpmt a siciaf half hour together ; and. on'rising to depart trio bridegroom handed Mr. Dey a twenty-dollar bank note: remarking that this was the smallest bill he had, but if ho would be so good os.to.pay their hotel bill (thoy hod merely dino'd and fed their horses at the hotel), he oould retain the balance of the money for his services. Mr Dey thanked him far his liberality, nnd proceeded .at once to tho: hotel, with the lady and gentleman, and informed the limdlord that ho would settle their bill. ; They proceeded on thoir journey, and the next diiy it was. discovered that the bank noto was a counterfeit, and that Mr Dey hnd to paV nearly three dollars for the privilege of- marrying this loving couplo I The nowspapore in various parts of. the State subsequently publisliod facts which showed that the affeo- tionnto pair got married in every town they passed through — thus paying their . exponses and. fleecing tho olorgymen by means of counterfeits.— Life of Baruum. ,< , ' Reklfctions on War. — " Dear mc," raid Mrs Par tington " herb they are going to have war again ovor the sea, and only for a Turkey ; .and it don't say how muoh it weighed uithcr; nor whether it was tondor. And Princo Knockcmstiff has gono oil in a miff, and the Russian bears and Austriohcs are to be let iooso'to devour the people, and Heaven, knows whero the ond of it will leave pit. ah ! war 'is, a dreadful thing— so destroying, to temper and good 'clothes, and men snoot at oaoh other just .as if they wore gutter purohaso, and cheap at that." "a Rolling Stone Gathers ' no Moss."— Well, what of that ? Who wants to bo a mossy old stone, awav in some dark coraor of -a pasture wliero sunshine and fresh air novor came, for the ociws to rub themselves against, for snails and bugs to crawl over, and for toads to squat under amongst tho poisonous weeds ? It is far bettor to be a smooth aud polished stone, roliing along the brawling stream of life, wearing off the rough corners, bringing out tho firm orystallino structure of the granito or delicate veins of tho ugito or chalcedony. It is this perpetual ohaflng and rubbing in the whirling current that shows what sort of grit a man is mado of, and what use ho is good for. Tho sandstone and : Boapstono aro ground down to sand and mud, but tho firm rook is se lected for the towering fortress, and tho diamoud is out and polished for tho monarch's crown. Dutch Temperance— An old Dutchman who had recently joined the Temperance Society, was takou siok. and sent for n doctor to presoribo for 'him ; who ordered him to take an ounce of brandy per day. The old chap overhauled his arithmetic, nnd found in tho table of Apothecaries weight, eight drams muko an ounce. " Mine Gott !'" says the Dutchman, " that is the Temperanco Society for rao ; I did'nt take but six drams before, now I get Eight Tha conscquenco was thnt his complaint wont off, and took him with it.— American Paper. As a nowly-urrivcd and freshly-mounted oliicer was riding ulong one of tho narrow paths to the camp at Se- bnetopol, he called out to a man who was toiliug along with n saok of biscuit on his shoulders, the last of a long file similarly engaged, "Now, then, soldier, out of the way, if you please." Tho man turned his head round, aud with an expression never to be forgotten, oxolaitned, " Sojer. indeod I Fnix, we're no sojers ! wo'ro . only poor broken down ould commissariat mules !" God looks not at the oratory of your prayers, how ele gant thoy bo, or at tho geometry of your prayers, how long thoy ho, nor at tho aritumetio of your prayers, now many thoy be, nor at tbo logio of your prayers, now methodical they bo, but tho sincerity of thorn ha looks at. Social courtcsios should emanate from tho heart; for remember always that tbo worth of manners consists in their b ing the siucoro expression of the feelings. Dike tho dial of the wntoh they should indicato that tho work within is good and (rue. Humility.— Among all other virtues humility, though it be lowest, -yet is pre-eminent. It is the safest, because it is always at anchor ; ond that man may be truly said to live, most content in his calling that strives to live within the compuss of it. He is indeed tho wisest and happiest man who, by constant attention of thought, discovers tho greatest opportunities of doing good, and with ar- deut and animated resolution breuks through every opposition, that he may improve those opportu- nines. I-., ' s 