K - i i i i i . i ? ? T ? H 6 W ' TO M A KE A PLI AN T FABL1A ,? '.:'., ? ?.,;. MENT. . ? . ? fc,,' from April 1775 till March 1776 England and America were at open war. The leading Whigs of Great Britajn and Ireland opposed its continu ance upon principle. They denounced the policy .previously pursued by England ; and their dis .cussions all but justified the American revolt* .Ireland was not slow in upraising her threatening voice. The analogy between America and that country was too stniang not to attract tne notice of its patriotism, and speedily a change both in their attitude and tone became glaringly observable ..to his Majesty's ministers. Ireland had been long exhorted to bide her time — repeatedly reminded . that England's difficulty was her opportunity ; and at last thit happy moment seemed as though it had arrived. But, alas ! it was in appearance ,.only: for rarely before was the condition of poor . Ireland more sadly depressed, or the tension of her muscles so miserably unstrung. The Ame rican War, although it tended considerably at first to excite the Irish spirit, effected a reaction . . by impoverishing the country. Previous lo the war Ireland exported large quantities of linen to ; America. This prolific source of wealth, how ,ever, which had so long fertilized the land, now , dried up, and the face of the country became arid and unproductive. T1j*» pockets of the people TV^IC CILIJJI/J' CII1U blldl IJlOllca IJttJC UCllCl* ? fit ,. length some political economists decided on a plan for increasing, in some degree, her national wealth. Ireland prepared to send provisions to America. Had she succeeded in carrying out , this most judicious project, not only would ap proaching famine have been averted, but an irn , mense increase of wealth must inevitably have . flowed into her empty lap. England, however, ' ,., wifh cruel sang froid, laid an 'embargo, on the , exportation and this well-m;itunjd project for national amelioration accordingly fell defeated to the ground. The gloomiest results succeeded her veto. Land, wool, and cattle fell in value to the lowest ebb. When iandlords felt the depression acutely, it was hardly a matter of wonder that the tenants should have .declared themselves unable to pay their rent. Public credit was almost extinct, and .the ghost of famine again appeared. Ministers were besought fur aid. but they refused to hearken. L:ished into energy by such repeated and studied insults, the Irish Commons at length adopted the first step towards attaining that glorious state ,of civil liberty, which, .in 1782, was achieved by the bloodless show of. sixty thousand volunteer soldiers. Some of the oldest ministerial members joined the opposition, loudly complain ing that the real grievances of Ireland were not fairly made known to the King ; and calling upon the Viceroy to represent them to his Majesty, as a duty incumbent on him at all hazards to dis charge. The. firot octennial Parliatnent had been only in existence four years out of the eight to which the Jaw restricted it, when the British , ? Cabinet fouwd it advisable,' on account of the spirit and independence of the members, ;it once ta dissolve it. The manly resistance to British dictates, which chaiacterised its last session, .--alarmed the Government. 'There .must lie a new Parliament,' said they, ' and it won't be our fault if fiat body be not judiciously constitute'!, now that we have the elements of its manu facture fairly in our hands. The next must be a .pliant Parliament. Never was there one more urgently needed.' The general election aucord ?* ? iugly took place, and bribery and corruption, as is; usual on such occasions, stalked unblushingly through the land. Government beheld the re turns with pride and satisfaction. The majority were men whom they thought they could cal culate on. To enslave the members 'of both Houses, an unprecedented quantity of promotions and creations were speedily decided on, and almost as quickly effected. Ministers beheld in the last session some of their oldest partisans wavering, menacing, and ''ratting, and now, in order to infuse a fresh spirit into the new Parliament, live Viscounts were created Earls, seven Barons Viscounts, and, in one day, no less than eighteen new Karons, fresh and giittenng from the herald's mint, ascended the Hrtion's bench ! Foremost amongst. the Baronets (who were comparatively few in number) was ' Sir Nicholas Lawless, of Abington, county Limerick,' as the pompous letters .patent ?thought fit to style uini. Not since the famous promotion or twelve in the days of O.neen Anne was them anvthino- Hk» sur.li rtv;ition ov advancement The expedient was successful; and Government, witli pride and gratification, watched the s.ilutnrary effect which resulted from having set in motion this and other eogines of enslavement. — Fitzpatr talc's Life, Times, and Contemporaries of Lord CUmcurry. Petition for the Repeal of the Sen tencb against Smith O'Biubn — VVe uiuler s*.imi that this petition is already signed by several members of the House of Peers', and by nearly [3D members of the House of Commons, and many of the magnates of political life. It is confidently anticipated that her Majesty, on the advice of the Premier and the Hume Secretary, will be gra ciously pleased to order the repeal' of the sentence parsed upon this 'unfortunate political offender, and that lie will soon be able to return to tin; UiiJteU Kingdom as a free subject. —Morning Aaveiiiser. 