SYDNEY. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) 23rd May, 1855. A gradual hut marked chango is going on in the labor market, owing to the recent influx of immigrants; and there is, as might be expected, a good deal of grumbling thereupon, among the working classes. Although, during their times of prosperity, jt was impossible to persuade the bulk of these people that a reverso was as certain to come, sooner or later, as the rising of the sun, they find it hard to admit that the masters ore at present as little blameworthy in trying to get labor, cheap, as they wcro formerly in com- bining 'and striking to raise their wageB. , I fear that, with the reduction of wages and the increased and increasing prices of provisions, there will, during the ensuing winter, be a great deal of distress. I am aware that many vessels whioh have cleared out for tho South Sea Is- lands and elsewhere have in reality gone to Valparaiso for wheat or flour, but I have little hope that the supply, even by tliek- means, will Ibe sufficiently copious to cheapen the staff of Ufe. One good effect, however, of this state of things, ia, that the agitation for the unlocking of the lands, will be strengthened to such a degree, that something will have to ho done,- , not talked about. | The Circular Quay is at length completed, and tho Government will ho placed formally in possession to-morrow, by the surveyor, Mr. "Walcott, and the contractor, Mr. Bundall, the giving of possession being modo to the Governor- General in person. What with this ceremony, the review, and tho ball, lils Excellency will havo his hands tolerably full. For the review by tho Governor General, pre- parations havo been made, especially by tho Volunteer Company of Artillery, who aro, for tho first time, to givo a rojal saluto with their field pieces. They liavobeea drilled very hard, and aro tolerably aufat't at the ordinary manoeuvres; but it is very iiuestionnblo, I fear, so far as my observation goes, if they have been taught upon correct principles,-i. c, with a knowledge of theory as well ns of practice,-of tho scientific, ns well as the manuul portion of the aitillcry man's profession. The first train from Sydney to Parramatta will run on Monday next. Tho opening of tho rail way will be, as it ought to bo, rather a festive affair, the Governor-General and the heads ol departments being all present Sir William Denison his also, as I have just learned, consented to becomo patron of the Bene voient Society of Blues (a rather queer title I '-the object of which is to relieve, in cases o distress, such persons as have been educated a Christ's Hospital, London,-generally known a: the Blue Coat School. Tho firemen of the Waratah, whioh carriel tho Chief Justice and other legal dignitaries ti Moreton Bay, refused to rcship without an ad vaneo of £1 per month on the wages then paii thom, £13, and they obtained it. Littlo sign o an over-pressure of labor, ns yet, in this qmrtoi The arrivals to-day are, the Asiatic from Ports mouth, with immigrants, ninety-seven days out; an American ship, from China ; a schooner, from the Society Islands; the Peru, ifom Hamburgh, with immigrants. 6th May, 1855. Tho festivities in commemoration of he Majesty's birthday passed off exceedingly wel The Volunteers really merited the praise whlc the Herald has awarded them for their manilo! improvement in their drill. The Artillery, i particular, got through their business with degreo of speed and precision that would hivv done credit, to any regulars. The Rifles and Iii Yeomanry Cavalry wero also very perfect, a things considered, but tho latter corps nine rather too much display of themselves and the finery. The levee was the most crowded I liav ever seen, and tho ball in the evening was a vei brilliant affair. The regatta, the cricket matchc Ac, were also " successful." Tho new Bishop of Sydney nrrived yesterdi morning in the Telegraph. You will find ti address, Ac, in this morning's Herald. He is ev dently of tho Evangolical, or low Church part and ahoody, I am told many of the friends of ti late Metropolitan are bog'nning to loi upon him with a feeling akin to jealou The general opinion, however, is, th he will becomo highly popular. Ho wi in all probability, preach his first sermon at Í James's to-morrow. The Circular Quay was handed over to ti Government on Thursday, as I stated in my it letter it would be; and the railway is to opened on Monday, although even up to t present moment tlio fact Jins boen most une countably kept a secret. Why there should so much mystery about an event so highly ii portant to the colony I am at a loss to cc ceive. One would have thought that it ivor havo been made, so far as it could ho made, occasion of the greatest public festivity, at t very least as important an affair as the turnii of the first sod on tho lino by which the wo was commenced. You mav havo seen from certain corresne dence in tina morning s papers that the " Brooke engagement' at the Victoria is not paying and in spito of Mr Coppin's doubts, I behove that the increase in prices io the cause of this failure Mr Coppin is right, however, in par tialfy attributing this to the wretched puffery which precodedtne arm al of the great tragedian, -ad\crti3ements in the papers, bills at ciery street corner, and evory means of attracting at tention in this way that the moat ingenious dis oiplo of " Moses and Co ' could have hit upon I have already given credit to the Volunteers for efficiency, but I must adhere to my previ ously-expressed opinionjthat the system ia, upon tho whole, a failure It was impossible to look upon the meagre assemblage at the review with out becoming painfully convinced of this fact Among the whole of thom-cavalry, artillery, and rifles-there is not more than about 200 men, not more than one fourth of what a single battalion of decent strength ought to contain This is partly attributable to the apathy which is so general a complaint here, but chiefly, I think, to the too great etolusiveness and too fino uni 'orms of the several corps If over wo should haT to repel a division of Russians frcm tho neighborhood of Potropauloskoi, we will lan o to depend upon on arming cn masse unless our Legis- lature should, m the meantime, passamihtia bill, -a thing which is by no means impioliablc, and which w ill, at all eveats, it is reported, be at tenanted In the Herald of yesterday you will see an ex- tract from certain communications received here from Mr. Wentworth, relative to the prospects of the Constitution Bill, As this refers to Vic- toria as well as to New South Wales, I presume you will republish it. He is sanguine, you will seo, of getting the bills which wore adopted here passed through Parliament without material change. It may bo so, but I cannot help thinking that with Lord John Russell at the head of tho Colonial Office it will bo up hill work, to say nothing of Mr. Lowe, in tho House of Commons. Everything is particularly dull just now, but it is tho dulness which precedes unusual acti- vity, so far as political matters nre concerned ; for tile Legislature will Bit in a few days, and the cession will doubtless be one of the most busy wo bavo ever had. ARIUVAL OF THE BISHOP OF SYDNEY. {From the Sydney Morning Herald.) It being known that the Bishop of Sydney, who had arrived in Melbourne by tho ship Mer maid, from Liverpool, would proceed to Sydney by the steamer Telegraph, preparations wore mado for his reception. An address of welcome had been prepared, and was signed by the clergy in and about Sydney, and by the most influential members of the laity, io the number of 1331. Similar addresses are laying for signature in the country parishes, to which a large number of names will doubtless ho appended. The Telegraph arriving early yesterday morn- ing, it was arranged that the Sydney address should be piosented to his Lordship, in tho schoolroom of St. Andrew's Cathedral, at half past two p va. Accordingly, at that hour a numerous body or the clergy, and a largo number of the most in- fluential lay members of the Churcirof England, assembled to receive lils Lordship,who was intro- duced to the assemblage by tho Venerable Archdeacon of Cumberland (Dr. Cowper). Ills Lordship is of lof ry stature, but easy and grace- ful in his movements, and with a pleasing and in- teresting cast of features. His voice is deep, melodious, and finely modulated, calculated efficiently to aid in fixing the attention to the matter of any subject ho may discourse upon. As the Bishop entered, the whole assembly, comprising a considerable number of ladies, rosa and received him standing. The Venerable Arclideacon then said: On this interesting, important, and, I trust,, edifying occasion, it is right before wo proceed to the object of our meeting that wo should address ourselves in prayer to Almighty God, and I will theroforc call upon the minister of St. Andrew's to read some of the Collects of our Church. Tile Rev. George King then read tho Collect from the Communion Service, " Prevent us, oh Lord, in all our doing", i.e. ;" the second Collect at evening prayer, tho second Collect for Good Friday, the Collect for the Sunday after Ascen- sión Day, and the Collcot for Saint Simon and Saint Jude, and the Lord's Prayer. Tho Venerable Archdeacon thon said : An ad- dress has been prepared to be presented on this interesting occasion, to aaaure your LordBhip of tho willingness and readiness of the clergy und laity of this dioceso to assist in the great and im- portant work which has brought you hither. That address I will now proceed to read : " To the Right Reverend Frederic, by Divine permission, Bishop of Sydney and Metro- politan. " May it please your Lordship,-We, the un- dersigned, Archdeacon, clergy, and laity of tho diocese of Sydney, beg leave most earnestly and respectfully to congratulate your Lordship on your arrival. .,.,,, " The long period which has elapsed sinco the decease of our lato reverend Metropolitan, Bishop Broughton, has brought vividly before the Church the evils which arise from the want of tho Episcopate, und has caused ns to look for- ward with much anxiety for your presence amongBt us. ... " It would bo unbecoming in us to do more tlian express our appreciation of thogratifyhip testimony which has been given to the wwlii oi I your ministerial character and labors, by thosr who had long continued opportunities of oppor tunities of observing them. We have, thcrolore only to assure your lordship that it will be oui constant desire to co operate with you, each of u according to our ability, in our several station1 in the many important works that will dovolv. upon you in the discharge of the duties of Um higher office to which, in the providence of God, j nu have been called Wo car nestlj piny that, by the Divino blessing upon jour eudtivors joi muj bo the honored instru- I mont of furthering the Cospel of Christ by draw lug the hearts of His people together into godly union aud concord, to the edifj nig of His Church . in faith and charity, and the increase of pure religion and/Undoaled, in all patts of this exton siv o province " The Bishop having desired "ho olorgj, who lind ror aluod stumlirg during tho reading of the address, to ho seated, returned thanks as follows - " Mr Archdeacon, my Brethren of tho Clergy, and of the Laitj,-I thank j ou most cordially and sinceiely for the very kind nauner in windi j ou huí o mot and vi eleomed me upon my arrival amongst j ou " The peeuliar circumstances of this diocese make mo deeply anxious that I should be BUS tained m the administrado i of Its affairs, by the pray ers and united efforts of the members ot our beloved Church, and I trust that Ho who has cal ed mo forth to this w ork, and has guided my steps ni safety lutncr, will bo with us to bloss us, and to mako us a blessing I can truly say that, as I carno simply because I am sent, so my onlj desire is to promote the glory of God in the furtherance of tho Gospel of our Lord and Sa vior Jesus Christ " The ev ils ot whicn yon speak as arising from the lon¿ vacancy of the sec, slnco the death ot mj cxccllentand revered predecessor, I shall, un der the divine blessing, endeavor to remove , but I feel that I havo much need to cast myseli upon your kindness jour sympath), and above all j our praj ers, that tho spirit ot w lsdom, ot love, and ot a sound mind may bo given to mc " I am thankful to ieel that I do not come amongst j ou as an entire stranger With one ol the elergy of this diocese I had tho gratification of forming a friendship subsequently to mj np pointmcut, and in a city connected with thal great commercial emporium in which I laboree lor many j ears, there will probablj bo somo whe hu\ e known my ministry and manner of life ] pray God that the anticipations j ou have form« con erning mo raaj not be di appointed, and tim 1 may be iound bj experience to be such as j ou: desiroa and expectations havo imagined that 1 might be-a promoter of godly union and con cordoo preacher oí the Word m trut! am righteousness, and an ensarnólo of the flock o God ' I thank j ou much, my Brethron of the Laitj for uniting w ith the Clergy, in the grateful as surance ot your co operation with mo in the worl winch is beforo me Humanly speaking, tin success of mj mission depends upon this union o feeling and assistance Much needs to be done and if, with ono heart and one mind,we are founi striving togother for the faith ot the Gospei undor tho Divino blessing much will be done 1 each member of our Church, in his vocation an mimstrj, does, in tho words of tho collect read t us, trulj and godly serve our Heavenly Mnstci wo cannot fail to bring down a largo blessin upon this most interesting and important portio: of the woild "I tnko this opportunity of expressing in obligations to the Venernble Archdeacon ior hi kindness in discharging the duties of the Bishop Commissarj, onerous as they must havo bee when added to his own " I am not at present m a position to mid; arrangements for seeing such ot my brethren e the elerey ns desire to consult mo I hop spcedilj to bo nb'e to give to all of j ou tho ot portunity of speaking with mc, and shall thank fully rcceivo the suggestions which the lon| experience of some amongst jou will enable yo to make \ " In conclusion, I praj that -as my arrival i nearly coincident w ith our Church's celebratlc of the descent of the Holy Ghost on tho day » Pentecost, it may please tho Great Head of th Chu'ch to quicken our prayers for the influence of the Holy Spirit, and to answer them by a abundant outpouring of His manifold gifts i grace , thal to pastors and people the ebon blessings of an increase oi faith, hope and chant; may bo richlj vouchsafed " Thoclergj present were then severally mtn duccd bj the Venerablo Archdeacon to the new Diocesan, and many oí tho laity vi ero al: present d Tho Archdeacon then called upon the Be George King to pronounce the acknowledgmei of the Trinity, 2nd Cor 13th ch, after whn tho mooting broke up 