LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. Man Hunting.— On Tuesday last, a man hunt took place between two abscondere from Impression Bay, and a party of the police, headed by Mr. dis trict constable. The scene of action was near Hooter's Bridge. The runaways secreted tliem eelves in the reeds at tho edge of the river, crawled on their hands and knees in the mud, l-y which means they wore traced by tho constabulary. Only one, however, was captured, Janice Maloncy. These arc the men, who some time ago, stole the present harbor-master's lraat, and for whoso appre hension, a reward of £ 10 was offered, so that those engaged in tho capture will profit by tho manner in which they discharged their dnty. Anotheii Fiiie.— A fire broke out on the pre mises of Dr. Casoy on Tuesday evening last. It was extinguished before any material damage was done. The Ex- couwtal Seoiigtabv of Melbobhne. — This gentleman arrived in Launccston from Melbourne on Wednesday last. Am Unitoly CnABAOTEB,— At tho pnlicc-office, ou Tuesday morning last, llichard W. MorriB was charged with assaulting constable Ryan in the exe cution of his duty It appiare Horn's was roaming about Wellington-street, evidently afflicted with delirium trement, and after putting Mr. Luckhurst in bodily foar, proceeded to sergeant Hyan's resi dence, and demanded of him to take some one in charge for allowing his dog to bite him. Sergeant Byan not considering Morris fit to be at large, ap prehended him, and while in custody, he commit ted the alleged oFfencc. The Bench oidercd him to pay a fine of £6. Bis ExoELLEKor, accompanied by Lady Young, the Colonial Secretary, and Private Secretary, will leave Hobat Town on Tuesday next for Launccs ton, where lie expects to arrive on Friday even ing. We understand that His Excellency will re turn to Hohart Town via Wcsthurv, Longford, Bothwell, Hamilton, and New Norfolk, and that probably he may visit Falmouth, via Avoca and Fingal.— Advertiser. As Ungrateful Ihpoetoe. — A man named Henry Philips went to a house on the Sand-h ill on Saturday evening last, pleaded extreme poverty, and asked' for a night's lodging. The proprietor of tho house, pitying hiBcondition, offered to afford (he accommodation sought fur, and prepa.cd the ' stranger' a bed ; during the night, the recipient of charity carried away all the movcatile articles in the house, and decamped. Sergeant Ryan was speedily acquainted with the circumstances of the case, and immediately went iu pursuit to the un grateful lodger, whom ho apprchenucd at Mr. Yates', Patterson's Plains. Credit is due to Ryan for the tact he displayed in capturing this im postor. Cautiox to Ticket-hoi.deks. — Ticket-holders will learn a lesson by taking a warning from the annexed case, disposed of at the police-office, on Wednesday last. Sergeant Ryan charged Wil liam Dunccvilln with iion-conformaucc of the government regulations, in not reporting at the chief constable's office, his authorised place of resi dence. The accused had been frequently warned for not doing so, and was duly informed of the penalty ho was exposing himself to. The Acting Police Magistrate sentenced him to one month's imprisonment. Men whose social position assimi lates with that of Duneoville, should comply with the government regulations. Distressing Accident. — Mr. McClure, son of the Rev. Mr. McClure, of the River Forth, in tho district of Port Sorell, met with a severe accident a few days ago. He was out on a shooting excur sion with two friends, from whom he separated, and shortly after, one of them observed something moving among the ferns, and believing it to be a kangaroo, discharged his piece in that direction, the contents of which were lodged in Mr. McClure's left leg. Mr. McClure, we hear, is doing well. Torquay Police- office.— Mr. Edwin Walker, was summoned to this office on tho 31st ultimo, to answer an information preferred against him by Mr. district constable Clarkson, for selling one pint of gin, he, at the time, not being a licensed victual, ler. lie was fined £G0 and costs for tire ofTence Mr. Walker gave notice of appeal. Proper Decision. — On the same day, at the same establishment, Mr. W. Lambert, pilot, for the River Mersey, was charged with being drunk. Mr. D. C. Clarkson ascertained the particulars of the case, and very properly interfered in the mat- ter. The case was dismissed, and the apprehend- ing constables were reprimanded by the magistrate adjudicating. Discharged.- -Three labouring men, of unpre possessing appearance, were charged at the police office on Wednesday with assault and robbery. Their names wore J. Bun, J. Holy, and J. Wallis. No prosecutor appearing, they were discharged, as was also John liaekett, for the same reason, for being found on board the schooner Native Lass for an unlawful purpose. ASoi-disant Euiorant.— About three weoks ago, a woman, possessing some porsonal attrac tions, absconded fiom the service of Mr. C. Arthur, of Longford, came imo Launccstou, where she represented to tho inhabitants that she was an emigrant. Unfortunately for her, she came under the notice of Mr D. C. Sullivan, who ascertained her condition, aud lodged her in custody. She was remanded to Longford for examination. Cbbaf Passage to Tasmania. — Some of tho sailors recently arrived from London have been working their passage out as seamen for the ?mount of Is. per month. Advanoe Tasmania.— Wo are informed that a party of five individuals in this town contemplate having erected a bridge over that portion of the Cataract where the punt now plies. Our old and indefatigable townsman, Mr. John Griffiths, we are told, is to be engaged in tho contemplated undertaking. His acknowledged skill in matters of the kind referred to — combined with hU indo mitable perseverance and acknowledged colonial experience — are recommendations which decidedly give a healthful tone to tho ultimate accomplish ment of the object adverted to. ijp Ct-AnENOE Theatre.. ..Mr. Fawcett took Us benefit at this house of amusement on Wcd tiesday evening last. The first piece was omitted in consequence of tho 'mysterious appearance' of Mr. John Elmer. The selection from Hamlet passed off pleasingly, Mr. Henry J. Johnson 'un- tamed the character of the ' Ghost' in a highly creditable manner, also the amateur as ' Osnck.' The entertainment on Monday evening next, will l» for the benefit of Mrs. Harvard, the daiuauc of the Clarence Theatre. Mrs. Harvard is deserving «f extended patronage, and will receive it. Evor anxious to obtain tho patronage of the public, she has won it, aud deservedly. Besides, the bill of fare put forth for the occasion is unusually attrac tive. Persons of old standing on the stage of this town appear on the occasion in their favorite cha racters. Mr. C. Forrest and Mr. Saville, well known in this town, play in some of their favorite characters. The theatrical portion of tho eommu uity are sure to bestow their patronage on Mrs. Harwsrd, on this, hor first appeal, for public sup support. gf Wood's Book Almanack, a copy of which has been politely forwarded to us by Mr. Wilson, tho puuhsher, appears to have been compiled for tho present year, with the same caro that has marked its predecessors. This almanack contains, in addition to the usual celestial phenomena, a variety of Information tint rondure it most vala ablo as a work of information for the guidance of intending emigrants. At the present time when so many residents of Tasmania are anxious for their relatives and friends to make this beautiful island their home, WooA't Book Almatuuk would provo a very useful aid to them, and would tend to quiet the suspicions of tho actual state of the colony, which have been caused by the false state ments put forward by soino portions of the news paper press. Wo suggest that copies of Wood's Book Almanack be forwarded to the pub lic reading rooms in London, Bristol, Liverpool, and other sea-ports in England. 0T On Monday next Mr J. W. Simmons will sell at his Mart, a large assortment of slop cloth ing, boots, shoes, bracelets, guns, Ac, to which at tention is invited ; and also a sample cask of useful tools, well worth tho notice of mechanics ge nerally. ig° On Monday next Mr. J. W. Simmons will seuat his Mart a large assortment of slop clothing, boots, shoes, bracelets, guns, &c;, to which atten tion is invited ; and also a sample cask of useful tools, well worth the notice of mechanics ge nerally. 