fJOUNWALL CHRONICLE, COMMERCIAL, AGRICULTURAL AND NAVAL REGISTER. Ur It lielmprsued upon yourmiodi— let It be (mulled Into iwrcUlldKti.thtUlieLuiKTr or tii it Parish the pajlii- Ham of all tiie civil, poUtlc«l and religious right) ol an Gugliitimin.— Jdkiui LmmvT filli dinner If to be prttemd to lUvoryMUi ?aonritr.— SAixcir. Wednesday Moenino, Mabch 21, 1858. THE ELECTIONS. Westbobt, without a contest, has elected Mr. Thomas Field as its representative, and we congratulate the district on its escape, — from a troublesome contest ; Mr. Field affords that guarantee which interest involves for a well-intended course of con duct in Council, and we trust that his se lection, founded as it has indubitably been, largely on the partiality in favor of the native-born, will stimulate our rising young men to look forward to, and prepare them selves for, the honor he has obtained. The County Cornwall which we ga^e our readers to understand was to become acquainted with a stranger patron of its interests, has now been introduced to him in the person of Mr. Knight the Hobart Town barrister. From all we have ever understood respecting Mr. Knight, he ap pears to be a gentleman of estimable cha racter and professional attainments. For n period he held office under the local Executive, from which he was however dismissed by Sir William Denison under circumstances that only the impracticable extravagance of party could think of cen suring. Mr. Knight was guilty of the gross disrespect to his superior officer of counte nancing by his presence and huzzas the burning of that officer in effigy. For tltat he was dismissed, and dismissal converted at once into a martyr, and afterwards into an available instrument of party, a man whose natural tastes, temper, or fitnes*, would never have suggested him but as the least suitable of men to bear a part in the struggles or contests of public life. 'there is Mr. Knight's history, of which the last chapter is his being invited to be friend the County Cornwall, about which he has hitherto had no knowledge beyond thatincidentallypickedupinhisperiodically naid visits to it, and which never interested him sufficiently to detain him in it beyond the period of the departure of the first coach after his work was done. Of his requi sitionists, some unquestionably knew thus much, but in the intolerant spirit which will not allow the ashes of bygone differ ences to burn out, they have sought to make Mr. Knight the means of preserving ! them alive, and deriving an apparent conn- i teMunce to them from an influential eoneti- j tuency like that of Cornwall ; but the county will not have it so, aud the majority of the requisitioniste even, those who have been beguiled into the movement, now re pudiate it altogether. We have no fear whatever but that Cornwall will have Cornish men as its representatives. At Hobart Town things have gone as we did not wish they should, but yet as we apprehended they would. A man of no name, note, tali-nt, public character or ca pacity, — altogether a person of very vulgar mind indeed, — has defeated a gentleman of inflexible principle, superior abilities and honorable antecedents. So be it ; we echo the 'Examiner's'1 words and say so it will often be, unless constituencies come to un- 1 derstand the responsibility which attaches ' to the exercise of the franchise. j For Buckingham county Mr. Crooke has come in ; but for reasons before expressed, ? we profess to little interest iu a result where the contest lay between two unde sirable men. In mere party sense indeed, . the election has gone as we should wish ; . but we desire to see our legislature gaining, - not in mere temporary accessions to a tem porary cause or side, but in the permanent elements of individual character and capa city. AH other good would follow in due course. To the foregoing summary we have now to add, with nil the zest which the ' proximity and the keenness of the strug gle now over, can lend, thnt tho putrid ? carcass of faction, in Lnunceston is at length — coffined, if not buried — that Mr | William Stammers Button is not the mem ber chosen for it. Tho threats and the artifice of wealthy and remeclabte indi viduals of influence, have failed, and Mr. . Douglas is our representative ; — a toati tnony not merely of public and private partiality to him — to him whom Mr. Gleadow and others embraced as an influ ential auti-transportation ally, and Member of Council of the League,— when so far it was convenient to own and have him !— but of utter aversion and distaste to the mean and miserable rump by which he has been opposed. In point of fact, the Council presents nothing in prospect which mado it a matter of much consequence who Launceston returned to it i— but it was very important as a prelude to that more permanent Constitu tion under which the next elections will take place, that it ebould deliver itself from the incabug of a too long dominant fac tion. It has done so, snd though the spectre of the thing may present itself again, it will be only the spectre, and after -i little time even that will not harass.— The learned in such matters restrict the period within which the ghosts of the defunct afflict survivors. One word only of counsel at present — we, have no time for more— let acrimonious feelings sub - side— at a Wake they we totally in admissible. The final state of the Poll Mr. Douglas Mr. Button Majority. 10 o'clock 10a 91 15 11 „ 293 183 110 12 „ SIS 200 IIS 1 „ 819 800 HI) 2 „ 871 217 154 S „ 386 223 16S ?4 „ 897 227 170 The official state of the Poll as declared by (ho Returning Officer at 5 o'clock was : Douglas Button Majority. 400 220 174 We have scarcely room to add, but it is quite too important to bo omitted in au electioneering summary : Mr. John Murray Macgrogor Mackinnon has retired from the representation of Morvcu — we mean from tho candidateship for it. Among his supporters the sentiment of disappointment h mitigated by the reflec tion that Mr. Wedge, whom be is allowing to walk the course, is a moderate man — suspected indeed, of bishopitc tendencies (a mistake lowever we believe) agains which Mr. Murray Mocgrcgor has been vigorous in action, and fervid in speech, since ever he was led to bring his influ ence to bear on public questions, and dedicate his talents to the service of the great family of mankind. 