MISCELLANEOUS. Evkrv Day Sunday. — By different nations, every day of the week is set apart for public worship, viz. ; — Sunday by the Christians, Monday by the Gre cians, Tuesday by the Persians, Wetl- inesdav bv the Assyrians. Thursday b\ Ithe Egyptians, Friday by the Turks, and, Saturday by the Jews. 9 Biiilical Curiosity. — Tito 21st (verse of tho 7th chapter of Ezra, con tains every letter of the alphabet, nnd is the only one thus distinguished — " Aud |I, even T, Arlaxerxos the King, do jj I make a decree to all the treasures which j | are beyond the river, that whatsoever Ezra the priest, the scribe of tho law of | the God of Heaven shall require of you. g it shall be done speedily." j Piety and Policy are like Martha » and Mary, sisters, Martha fails if .Mary 3 help not ; and Mary suffers if Martha J he idle. Happy is that kingdom where i Martha complains of Mary ; hut mos \ happy where Mary complies with Martha | Where piety and policy go band in | hand, there war shall be just, aud peace g honourable. | A Hint to the Church — Self is| Dives in the mansion, clothed in purple, | and faring sumptuously every day ; thei cause of Christ is Lazarus lying at hisl gate, nod fed only with the crumbs which | fall from his table. |( Sources of Happiness A decent! means of livelihood in the world, an an s proving God, a peaceful conscience, and! one firm trusty friend — can anybody thatf has these be said to be unhappy ? — 72. -g Burns. j| True Philosophy. — It is in »a'n toi regret a misfortune when it is past re ( irioving, but few have philosophy ore strength enough to practice it. A k famous physician ventured live thousand H guineas upon the South Sea project ;| when lie was told at Gatraway's that K it was all lost — " Why," said lie, " tis| hut going up five thousand pair of stairs| more.'' This answer deserved a statue | Candour. — Charitable and camlidg thoughts of men are the necessary intro-Bj ductiou to all good-will and kindness tliey form, if we may speak so, the only I climate in which love can grow up and ft flourish ; a suspicious temper checks iuj the hud every kind affection. | Patrick's Coll.— A gentleman (snys'l the "Manchester American") wlio| favours us with some reminiscences res | peeling the early settlement of this place® — formerly old Derryfield — relates thoi following anecdote : " When my grand- S father residee at Golfetown and Gerry- E field, then settled by the Irish, he hired | a wild sort of an Irishman to work on hisl farm. One day, soon after his arrival, | he told him to take a bridle and catch | the colt. 'Don't come without him,'| said the old gentleman. Patrick started and was gone some time, hut at last re-| turned minus tho bridle, with his face ;j and hands badly scratched, as though | he had received had treatment. ' Why, j Patrick, what is the matter ; what in the / name of wonder ails you ?' ' An' isn't it myself, yer honor, that never 'II catch the ouhl black colt aginn ? Bad luck to 1 him ! An' didn't he all bqt scratch my \ i eyes out o' mo head ? An' faith, as thrne ; £as I'm spoking to you, I had to climb up | a three after the colt.' ' Climb up after f |him ! Nonsense ! Where is the beast ?'l I' An' its tied to the three he is, to bo| |suro yer honer ' We all followed | Patrick to the spot to gel a solution of| kthe difficulty, and on reaching the field iwe found, to our no small amusement,! | that he had been chasing a young black | fbenr, which he had succeeded in catch-? Sing, after a great deal of rough usages Sou both sides, and actually tied with thes Sbridle to an old tree. Bruin was kepti jjjfor a long while, ami was ever afterj Sknown as ' Patrick's Colt.' S 1 The Long Nose dit it." — A ?ood|? gstory is told of Mozart, the great coin-w Sposer, at the time lie was pupil of Si SHaydn. Haydn one day challenged his® a pupil to compose a piece of music which® |iie could not play at sight. Mozart ac-8 I ceptod tho banter, and a supper and 1 ehampagn were to bo the forfeit. Every- S I thing being arranged between the two| (composers, Mozart look his pen, and in S | five minutes dashed of a piece of tnusic,g land much to the surprise of Haydn, | (handed it to him, saying, " There is a | piece of music which you cannot phiy,| | and I can. You are to give it tho firsts 1 trial." Haydn stniled at the visionary ( | presumption of his pupil, and placing! i the notes before him, struck the keys ofg I the instrument. Surprised at its sim | plicity, lie dashed away until he reached I thu middle of the piece, when, stopping di a 1 at once, he exclaimed, " how is this ?| I Here my hands arc stretched to hothjjj sends of the piano, and yet there is a| rmiddlc key to he touched. Nobody cang play sticu inustc, not even tno composers himself." Mozart smiled at tho half ex-® cited indignation of the great master,® and taking the seat he had quilted. |H struck the instrument witli such an air, IS of self assurance, that Haydn began tog think himself duped. Running along through the simple passages, he came tow that part, which his teacher had pro-Jfi tiouiiced impossible to he played. Mo zart was endowed, as our rcudcis mayljj liavo heard, with an extremely longs nose, — a prodigious nose, which big l Modern dialect, " stuck out about aS loot.'' Reaching the difficult passage,® lie stretched both hands to the extreme g end of tho piano, aud leaning forward, S bobbed his nose against the middle kcyg which "nobody could play!"' Uuydiifj burst into an immoderate lit of laughter I and after acknowledging that he was E beaten, declared that nature had endow "d Mozart with a capacity for music which he had never before discovered. | Death on the Battle Field. — The sight of death on the field of battle docs not produce the same feeling of awe that is caused even by the view of a pas- ! sing funeral. You ride over the field the day alter the fight, and you thread iyour way amongst the dead, with a stiange indifference at tho sight of so much carnage. Whilst listening to tilt- roar of butt lo, to the clash iff arms, and the cries of the combatants, your mind is being prepared for the spectacle which await it, when the smoke will have cleared away, and the opposing ranks, have ceased their work of slaughter..! Then the freo wind is blowing freshly, over tho bodies of the slain ; the sky above is bright and sunny, birds are singing on tho neighbouring trees, aud Stlie broad Danube is flowing calmly on I to the sea. And close to where the i soldier lies dead, his comrades are busy ! with their camp-kettles cooking their I morning meal, or are going through the ! routine of their duties. Nothing around? \ you is in harmony with feelings off J mournings and regret. And so you ( j continue your way over tho field till you j 3 have satisfied your curiosity as to the | (state of the living and tho number oil \ the dead, and then you too, look anxi ously after your morning ineal, and as you arc sipping your coffee and smoking your pipe, you speculate calmly on the reliances of war. How different is this jlfrom tho feeling of depressing awe with j which you look on death in cities, in the | sick chamber, in the midst of quint i daily avocations. In tho bouse where there is death, you walk noiselessly and hold your breath, for perhaps you hear some stiffled sobs. It may he a child that is weeping beside her dying father, or a mother's heart tliat is breaking, for | tho hoy who was her prido and hope J lies dead — Journal of a Residence in the Danubian Principalities , bn Patrick O'Brien. Anecdotb of Washington When Stuart was painting Washington's Port rait, lie was rallied one day by the gene ral for his slow work. The painter pro tested that the picture could not advance until the canvas was dry, and that there must he sumo delay. Upon arriving the next morning, Stuart turned his canvas j and discovered to his great horror, the | picture was spoiled. " General," said I lie, " somebody has held tho picture to ; the fire' "Washington." summoned his piegro valet, Sam, and demanded of him. | in great indignation, who had dared to stoueh the portrait. Tho trembling Sam replied, that, chancing to ovorlioar S Washington's expression of impatience fat the slowness of the work, and the response of the Artist that it must he j Idry before it goes on, lie had ventured j | to put the canvas before tho fire. Wash lington, with groat anger, dismissed him, land toJd him not to show his faco again. | | But tho next day, after Stuart had ar- \ J; rived and was preparing to work, Wash- ; jington rang the boll, and sent for Sam. j alio came in abashed aud trombling. Tho | president drew a now silver watch from g Ijllis pocket, and said ; '-Come here, Sam ( !tako this watch, and whenever you look | Lat it, remember that your master, in a jj j'momont of passion, said to you what lies now regrets, aud that he was not asham- 1 ed to confess that lie had dono so.' jj Why the Wedding Ring is flaced j on the Fourth Finger.— Wo havo| ; remarked on the vulgar error of a vein j going from tho fourth fingsr of the left 3 hand to the heart. It is said by Swin-i burn and others that therefore, it became ? the wedding fingor. The priesthood 2 i I kept up this idea by still keeping it as ?the wedding-finger, hut it was got at ithrougli the use of the Trinity ; for, in Stlic ancient ritual of English Marriages, the ring was placed by tho husbaud'on (the top of tho thumb of the loft hand swith the words ' In tho namevof 'the' (Father he then removed it to the fore- | finger, saying, « In thonamoof the Son |then to tho middle finger, adding, I I' Ami of the II oly Ghost ;' finally ho 1 |left it, as now, on the fourth linger, f |with tho closing word 4 Amen.' — The f history and Poetry of Finger-liings, I | Kacliacl, the great dramatist, is about I .to visit the United States ; her terms f with the hold entreprenuer being 4,0t)0Z. f jpur mouth for twelve months, with tho 1 condition that 24,009/. of the gross sum f should he paid down in udvance, nnd to 1 become the property of her family should j J.lier death take place previous to enter- |ing on her engagement ; in that case she J (bequeaths her body to the contractor, (to he embalmed and exhibited for his benefit. This engagement (says the j" Musical World") has .been actually signed by both parties. | West Coast of Africa. — Accounts shave been received from Cape Coast |Castlc, stating that a rather serious af- ll'air took place on the J 3th September slast, between tho British troops sta tioned at Christianhurg Castle, on' tho' (west. coast of Africa, aud the natives of (the town, who showed signs of rebellion. The batteries of the castle fired on the town, and thu fire was returned. We lost 1 corporal and 3 privates killed, and had 24 men wounded. Peace was finally restored, six hostages, the sons of chiefs- i : i - „ .v . ' iiawii' ucun buni in io ijio governor lor the good conduct of the natives- A Good Spec. — In September of last year, the wife of a mason, named J.-inies jSeott, residing in William stieet- j i radeston, Glasgow, wassafely delivered tof triplets, — all girls,— which addition ito an already numerous family 01 eight, straightening still more their hitherto indigent circumstances, was further aug mented by the husband being prevented from work, owing to the inclemency of the weather. In thiy condition Mrs. Scott penned a letter to the Queen, de tailing her ease, and craving for assist ance. iler Majesty, a short time since, caused enquiries to he made as to thu truth of the woman's story, which, hav ing been confirmed, aftor due investiga tion by Mr. Kirk wood, inspector of Goven parish, tlte Queen has forwarded 61\. for the behoof of the family I Titrnss. The Know-Nothings. — On tho 9th ult., Mr. Gardner waa inaugurated as governor of Massachusetts; and as he was indebted for his elevation to the " Know nothing ticket,'' so his address 011 tho occasion was mainly devoted to an enunciation of the principles of that party. The " New York Daily Times' furnishes us with the following outline of the principles laid down in Mr. Gardner's speech : — "To dispel from popular use every foreign language ; lo priu t ali public documents in the English tongue alone ; to otdaiu that till schools aided by tho State shall use tho same language ; to disband military companies founded on anu developing exclusive foreign sympathies; to dis courage important political demagogues, the broken down leaders of Insular Ag- raiianisui or Continental Red Republi canism, whose trade hero is to put themselves at the head of their deluded countrymen, to organise prejudice, to vitalise foreign feeling and morbid pas sion, ami then to sell themselves to the highest partisan bidder ; to purify and euuuhle the elective franchise; to adopt a careful guarded check- list throughout thu nation ; to cultivate a living and I energetic nationality; to develop a jliigh and vital patriotism ; to Aiueri- Jenniso America ; to retain the Bible in jour common schools ; to keep entire tho (separation of the Church and State ; to (nationalize before wo naturalize, and to jeduoato before either ; to guard against Juilizensliip becoming cheap, — these con- Jstitutc a work transcending the ordinary (plat form of party, nnd ranking with the (great movements that originally founded (nations." | "The End Justifies tiie Means.'' ( — In tho memoirs of Sir Robort Strairge, (just published, it is mentioned that, in (the pursuit after Cullodon, that knight (iiad some narrow escapes. One of tliuin lis amusing: — " When hotly pressed, ho Idiislieu into a room, where the lady (whose zeal had enlisted liiui in the fatal cause sat singing at her needlework, and, failing other means of concealment was indebted for safety to her prompt intervention. As she quickly raised her hooped gown, the aflianeud lover dis appeared beneath its ample contour, whereby — thanks to her cool demeanour and unfalteriiignotes— belay undetected, while the rude and bullied soldiery vainly ransacked the house." To this lady, Miss Isabella Lumsden, ho was soon afterwards united ; and her letters, containing much shrewd sense, conveyed in the lioinoly style of her day, make tip great part of tho memoirs. There is a man in New York so op posed to Catholicism, that lie won't travel on cross roads, lie is the sanio that won't eat beef for fear it might be a portion of the Pope's late bull.— American Paper. There aro in England 2,406 brewers, 61,736 victuallers, and 44,236 licensed to sell beer. In Scotland there are 124 brewers," and 13,667 victuallers; andiu \ Ireland, 101 brewers and 15.607 vic- tuallers. — Parliamentary Pavers. A person who undertakes to raise himself by scandalising others, might as well sit down on a wheel-barrow, and try to wheel himself. Tom Moore's " Last Rose of Sum mer," in his own handwriting, was re- jcently sold by auction for two guineas. Burns "Cottar's Saturday Night," oil the same occasion, brought £20 10s. ; Mouaiit Town: Printed nnd Published by tho j proprietor, Jam es Buknet, at tho Tnsmunnia I Colonist Oflieo, Collins-slreot, to whom all j communications arc requested to be addrossod, 