THE RENAISSANCE! AND ITALTAN COURTS OF THE CRYSTAL PALACE. (from the Spectator.) Art had been Gothic all over Europe for nearly two centuries, when Italy, one of tho last to adopt tho principle in its entirety, became tho first to revolt from it. Tho predilection for antiquity, natural in a land of antiquities and never utterly worsted, began to assert itself more and more definitely ; and tho Revival or Renaissance super vened. Revival of what ? of antique art modern- ised, or of modern are antiquated ? Tho upholders of tho Renaissance make it a point to note that a remarkable degree of naturalism distinguished tho movement. Tho question is one whose rationale deserves to be examined. A noble spirit of art includes two essentials lofty conception, and tho love of nature. Doth principles may coexist with either an early or an advanced stage of executive power. In tho former case, tho lofty conception will be fully stamped upon tho work ; tho love of nature, unable to express itself In perfect form, will appear as simplicity and indivi- duality In tho larger features, and In details will manifest some peculiar predilection in tho artist. A minute point will be elaborated, not Just because tho artist has seen it and can render it perfectly, but because he takes especial delight in it, and would lUnger over it and commmilcate his plcasure to others. When the spirit of art is thoroughly noble, and tho execution advanced, every thing takes its place. Giotto may be cited as na exem iilur of thu first state, and Lionardo of tho second. lilt if tho execution is advanced without a noblo spirit to work up to, tho menus snperscdo tho end. Conventionalism moulds tho conception, and tho lore of nature degenerates into mere mastery over matter- of-fact, Tho artist crowds points without refcrotico lo a whole J io prides himself upon executing well what word bettor not exomttod at nil ; what ii neither endowed with adequate value In iUelf nor consecrated br hi« own predilection, but simply that which he knows he can do to as to surprise others, | Hy the end of the fourteenth century, Italy knew so much about elocution and so much about antiquity as to become dissatisfied with Gothic art —" above" it. Turning out better specimens of sustained workmanship than before, she imagined that she was producing moro excellent works of art ; and into labours still essentially Gothic in sentiment and character she thrust classic or bastard classic details of architecture, costuma, and accessory. Few things are uglier than tho jumble of such dotails, which becamo tho ornamentation of her productions. Hut " thoro were giants in those days"-a Ghiberti, a Donatello, a Luca della Robbin, a Verrocchio ; men who would have been great at any time, and who, born into that time, and feeling themselves superior to systems, wrestled with tho system of their day. For be it remembered, that it was then more conventional to be form- ally Gothic than to be Classic, as it is tho reverse now ; and that, when we of tho present are content to bring up tho humble rear ot tho move mont which they bogan, wo aro Just, what thoy rofused to be, the bondsmen, of precedent. Nor bo it forgotten that those men wera tito oHt como not of Classicism but of Gothicism ; divided, indoed, in their allegiance, hut nurtured by the latter into that independent mind which borrowed shape only and not essence from tho former. If thoy, however, and snob as they, slnnd great in individual dignity, tho spirit whioli fostered tho Renaissance moved in smaller men claims no honour from MS. It was tho spirit which whitens tho sepulchre, full of dead mon's hones within-which loves rapid oaso moro than pntiout energy. Tho Renaissance men porcoived that tho ancients lind Anown moro in various respects than thoir own immediate predecessors; and, setting a higher valuo on this than, on tho thought and fooling of tho Gothic period, they found it moro congenial, as woll ns easier, to reintroduce points of Classicism than to invent now things in Gothicism, They preferred facility to invention, and " naturalism"' to nature. Tluit thero is groat naturalism in tho works of tho earlier Renaissance is true, but it is a kind of Flemish naturalism : not that which makes its Virgin and it« In faut Saviour tho Blessed among women and tho Word became flesh, but that willoh makes thom n woman and a boy : not that which makes its angel a miro crcaturo bearing tho mes- sage of God, bub that which makes lum a man witli mnnller limbs nntl moro birdlike wings. Reverence and faitli went out, and artifico enmo in ¡ but artifice is not art. As tho movement pro- gressed, the gods and goddesses woro revived moro and moro i in itself a miserable fulling-off from the thornes on which thc parlier nrt had delighted solemnly to dwell, and still "moro misernblo from tito spirit in whloh it was enrried out; Tho antique mythology of tho Renaissance is a mythology of prurient men and women with names once venerable in Greece skeletons to reclothe with flesh, but not with divinity-a mythology of Bacchantes and Satyrs. Barring their few greatest men, who wasted strength on a profitless sort of dilettantism, the Revivalists had no ghost to conjure up, but only a body to unearth. Christians became Pagans in art, only to show, by tho lowering which Paganism underwent at their hands even from its own ideal, that it was dead past cure, Revivalists?-say resurrectionists. If tho naturalism of tho inferior mon pnrtokcs more of academic sureness and of Flemish triviality than of any higher character, that oven | of tho greatest is not always above contenting itsolf with ordinary matler-of-fact. Tho frieso of j the Acts of Morey ascribed to Giovanni, Glrolamo, I nnd tho yonngor Luca della Bobbin, above tho Hotel-Bourgtheroulde arcade of tho façade of tho court, is distinctly of tho Flemish order ot naturalism, tho truth of commonplace Indeed, it may bo stretching n point to cite this at all as the work of lofty men. We may remark hero that thc retention of tho blue ground in tho reproduction without tho colour of tho other parts spoils the scheme of tho work, and gives an appearance of lind drawing to tho limbs where their high relief recedes into tho ground. Tho small hoad of St. John Baptist by Donatello, from tho UflizJ nt Florence, is, ni tho handbook says, "evidently studied from nature" ; and ndmi rably so, but thu tinturo is that of a boy who will novar turn out a St. John: and nguiu, tho full figure ol' tho samo saint by the samo noble sculptor is only too tußcimlfi/ described ns "a beautiful transcript from na ure." Let us protest by tho way agnlust tho statement in tito Handbook, thai, tho equestrian statue of Gattamelata is tho "masterpiece" of Donatello ¡ while yet tho St. George rests upon his shield at tho entrance to tho court, ready, us lits heroic fnco proclaims, to fight tho-world, tho flesh, and tho Devil. Ano thor instance of naturalism is tho bas-relief rcpre seating tho mourning over tho dead Christ, lrom tho first ohaptorhouse of tho Curtosa at Vu vin. As an exhibition of intense hideousness mid mis-selec- tion of form, in a manner which would strongly disposo us to refer it ta a Dorman rather than ail Italian hand, nothing cnn surpass this i bul the lutnentublo NIIUJIO which its naturalism takes in this ro3peot is rcloemed hy dramatic passion, and feel- ing, human if not divine, ns intonso UH tho hide 011811089. liorinia.mnco ornamentation is frittered nnil fri voloim ; often wonderfully executed, not seldom poHsess'mg details ol' ro'llnctl grnce, rarely dis- playing a beautiful, still moro raréïy a roasoniitile and consistent wholo. lt gives eruptions and showers of bright minutia-, Uko a show of fireworks ; lavishes vain elegances, roliovcs them with cumbrous obtrusions, and means nothing. A good deal ol' tho ornament in tho Renaissance Court Is pleasing, but profitless ; In tho Italinn Court its later Raphaelesque state is displayed,-less pleasing, ns it appears to ns, and as a whola equally unmeaning and incongruous. However objectionable may be tho spirit of Re naissance art and ornament in so fur ns it derives from tho Renaissance merely, no court in tho Crystal Palace boasts works of nobler excellence than this individually. Tho singers of Luca doli« Robbin-not to rofer to other oxamplcs-Is one of tho complotost designs in existence ; oxquisitu in its grnco, ns full of Impulsivo and simplo untura us of poetic feeling, and lu n spirit olovatrd to exactly tho right point for BIIOII a subject. Asa model of sty fe it is unsurpassed. Tho sculptures from tho Corlosn, representing iuciilonts from tho lifo of St. Ambrose mid in tho building of,'tho Curiosa itself, nra emi- nently characteristic, and approach very closely to Gothlo mininer. Ohlberti's gate, willoh has ex- hausted tho homngo of Europe, lt vero hilo to praise, insolent to criticiso in a sentence. Yurroo ohb'H magnificent equestrian stalito of flai'lolnm moo Collcone, powerful ns a Titiin, severo us death, llonllko aiid stitpomlous, Is what Ruskin terms it, ono of tho noblest works lu tho- world.* For tho sublimity of towering energy mid floreo will nothing in tho Crystal Pallico compotes with lt, [ Tho" EII?.ubothati Corni forms" an intorvnl be- tween tho Renaissance Court and tho Italian, In entire buildings of this »lylo there is a manorial aspect doar to Knglish oyus, which claim it as their country's own ; bul tho ilatalls, mich as tlioso selected for tho Crystal Palace, are ugly and dis* tarted. Tho effigies here are fine specimens of tho ]>crlod ; but wo nood not llngor over them, or within tito prcoii «ts of tho Court. Thu Italian Court carries ns forward through tho great day of Michael Angelo tn the shameful tiny of Domini. Tho wonderful itaaclitis, n croatian 8renter than any uiitiqtio precedent, nlamls outside io court ; within uro tho mighty mystlo Dawn and Twilight of tho Lorenzo inoiiiimunt, mid tho Light nnd Night of Giuliano's. Tho figuro of Giuliano himself, iwliko llmtof J.orenim, does uni rank among tho nobler emanations of lliionurroti's goulus ; neither docs thu Christ willi tho Cross, His genius, indeed, lind little In it of tho snared, ono of whoso llrst requisites is what tho Germans call tclbtttotltunff or solf-ittiiiihllutlon t lt wits Incarna to rather of enormous ambition, irrepres- sible effort, which mnrclicd on coiiiiucrlng ami to oom j uer. Ho scaled noak after penh of intellectual achievement, mill hold them in lils own right, rather than as tho vessel of a higher [tower, llesldes Hie iibova-niontloiiod works, am) varions other*, tho I'olleolloti inclinion tho Hot fl, tho su-called Slave, ami tho Virgin and Child from tho Medici Chapel,-too visibly marked with Um master's peculiarities, bul realising in the most noble iiinn * Or wants tu tim simio i'IToct. Hew iloos lt como tn pa» Hint Micro I« nliKiltitnly no luillvlilual nulle« or tills flotillas iiniilUPllim In tim oindnl llimd-hwiks tn eltliur hu Jtniii»li«ani'o ur HID Italian Court | which unit tri call Uerinalii flinn's riilliifn "uranU" suit "(IMITYIIIK tho hlirlioit jirutni," und l'fvrlua da Tiners " very graceful'1 t ner the conception of the " K«>Ur vsnerabilis, mater pia." wc do not know, «ny thing el»» from Michael Angelo'* hand so Mcred oe tho head of the Bleued Mother. John of Bologna'* Mercury and other works the splendid triumphant Perseus of Cellini oon traited (and how contrasting 1) with Canova's Raphael's Jonah, bountiful and admirable, but not inspired with prophecy-Torriglano's emaciated St. Jerome, more hungry than ascetic, with the baser metal and steno of Jaoopo Sausovino nnd Bernini-further servo to endow this Court with a rich representation of tho Italian school of sculpture And in tho Court of Christian Art, a little further on, we again meet the stem soul of Michael Angelo breathed into thc colossal Moses, a statue, if wo mav bo allowed the privilege of heresy, more grandioso than groud. Three remnrknblo ceilings roof the galleries of tho Renaissance and Italian Courts. Tho first is Ferugino's from tho Sala di Cambie at Perugia, excellently reproduced hy Mr. Frederick Small field ; witli Apollo in tho centre, Mars, Jupiter, Aa, in lunettes, mid a profusion of Renaissance ornament. Spite of the authority of Pcrngiiio's name and tho reverence wo boar to it, wo cannot control tho verdict of our eyes that this pro- duction is n, olnmsy nud ugly one,-a salutary warning of the ill influences of tho Itctinlssnnec. Tho second celling is by Soi lio, from tho Bib- lioteca. A utica nt Venice,-an oxnmplo ns fa- vourable as tho preceding ono is tho opposite ; not truly a serious work, for its ornament, li ko that of tho period generally, lins no significance, but grave in the effect of its iadigocs and Macks anil iron greys rclloved with gold. Tho third is Raphael's great ceiling from the Camoia della. Sognatura in Ibo Vatican ; comprising some of hi» most perfect designs, and copied by Mr. Alfred Stovons with a completeness of effect, and a mw» I cess cciicrallv, doservinp; bf the hicrhest praise. Truly artistic niuo, und very interesting ns a aerie*, oro tim water-colour copies from famous pictures bnnging upon tito internal «nils of tbo Italian vestibule and tbo adjoining screen, to the number of 132. Something might bo said in question of tho discretion which has chosen tho subjects ; nineteen Vnndyak«, fer instance, in this land of Yandycks, to a singlo Giotto, Angelico, or Tintoretto. But let that pass. Tho painter, Mr. West, hos made a really rcmnrkablo display of vigorous handling and glowing ^ depth" of colour- remarkable under any conditions,' and peculiarly so in water-colours. Ho has fallon, howovcr, into a very serious mistake in starting, as it were, fromTitlnti's key of colour,, and applying it nlmost, indiscriminately to wbat evor comos under his brush-Cimabuo, Mantegna, Tnlina Vocchio, Tonier*, it is all very nearly tho samo. The result, in tho majority of cases, is a falsity as absoluto ns if ono lino lind been sub- stituted for another, and far moro misleading than if every specimen had been painted in tho pro- portionally lower tono UBiinl lu water-colours. Let us not lenvo this serias without calling tho visitor's attention to tho transcendent grace, purity, aim simplo nature-simple, yet no jot unworthy of ¡ts subject-of the Salutation by Giotto, from tho Arena Chapel nt Padua:, tho most perfect work or art without excep- tion, to our thinking, in tho entiro riingo of tho pictures selected, from tho thirteenth century to tho eighteenth, and from tho Slcncao . school to that of tito Regency, Phrenologists rocogniso a distinction lietwecn . Hi o qualities of self-esteem ami love of approbation -assigning tho nohlor foliation to tba first, and the ignoblcr to tho second. Tho temper of which j these aro two varying modes waa an essential of I tho Renaissance movement, lt may bo called acute self-consciousness. With tho croat men,. lt took tho form of strong individual qualify,. tho effort nt superiority with something of vain irlory, a versatile exercise of faculty, and an impatience of fetters unless self- imposed. With tho small mon, it displayed itself in trick bravura, imitation ol' approved models, not through a spirit of manly reverence, hut of fashion uudtlio tippo tonco for repute ; or, on tho other hand, in a mean rogo for novelty. With both it tended to placo tho art before thoobjoot of art-Hie painter, archi- tect, or sculptor, before nature ; slid, when' tho emancipation of executive |Kitvor lind culminated, . It left conception sterile, mid sank deepor and deeper into convention, vanity mid falsehood. 