SOUTH AUSTRALIA. (From the Argus Correspondent .) . _ . Adelaido, 8th September, 1855. Tlie election excitement is still paramount, and mcotings, more or less noisy, aro hold in .every quarter. The town elections begin on the 19th of this month, and wo will liavO them all over beforo October, though the in telligence may not reach Adelaide from tlie .remote .districts by that time. All fresh claims lor votes have been sent in, ana no new votes can be made now. The number of new votes for West Adelaide is enormous ; Mr. Fisher's committee have sent in about 400, and Mr. Foster's 480. They cannot all be genuine, and there will be some fun on objection day. A vote on a freehold property requires , six months' possession ; but with regard to leasehold property the claim, is founded on tho unexpired term, so that most of tho made-up votes are upon leases.. The contest for West Adelaide will be the liottost, and it is the only one in which prin ciple is involved ; but, on porsonal grounds, there will be a hard pull in North Adelaide, between Messrs. Neales and Hay: in West Torrens, botween Mr. Reynolds and Major O'Halloran ; und in East Torrons, between Messrs. Hughes and Gwynne. Hr. Bonnqy lias retired lrom the contest for East Ton-ens, as lie saw lie had not the ghost of a chance. Though he is a better and more popular man hah either of the other candidates, there was no chance, in the present state of public feel ings, for a . Government officer. Mr. J . B. Hughes 'is -'a new man ; Mr. Gwynne dins', been a nominee, and. 1ms almost uniformly voted with Government. An - absurd' - outory lias been raised 1 against Mr! Foster ; by., -the Irish, on account of an article which appeared -in tho Register, some , weeks ago, and which I mentioned at the time, ; recommending that tho unemployed Irish female immigrants should get somo work . to do in digging the Botanical Gardens, so as' to prevent . them; from being only useless, mouths, to be fed at the public .expense. Mr. : Foster says ho : did ' not write the article in question, but that he does -not think -it objec tionable; and , no more do I .Respectable - English; Scotoh, and Irish women think it' no disgrace j to, do field' work; and even'AVilliam Cobbett recommends , that; tho wife sliouldbe. at her! husband's side assisting'him in his, out-" of-door labours. I. am' surd nobody -has pro-. posedj anything. better lor the girls to.'do, and, it is really pitiable to see them idly sauntering about: the depot', or crammed i into close, un healthy rooms ; far better. let ,thein hayq.havd; work and fresh "air. ' ' But in electioneering there is nothing con sidered unfair. , Mr., Fisher, is .stigmatised as a bigoted old Tory, and Mr.; Foster as-.ntyraii; niser over helpless fomoles j while'tho trath is they (ire good men both, aud bwould either of them do. credit to West Adelaide,77-only the Register-ami' Observer is powerful enough al ready, and if Mr.-Fostor got in for West Ade laide, hikl Mr. Hay (another proprietor) for! North Adelaide; 1 do not think the newspaper woiild be improved; f f ; . Mr. Edward Stirling lias consented to come forwai-d'as a candidate l'or Hihdiharsli, hi op position to Doctor; -Rankmo. . -Mr, Peter. Oum- ming, of Adelaide, has started for. Stanley; and the liorthei-n l-uns, against tlie foimer member, Mr.Younglmsband. Captain Rodda, formorly a mine-captnin, but now a. miller in the north, is going to oppose Mr! G. F. ' Anga!s,: for Biir- ossa, ; Fm-.Noarlunga, Mr. Peacoclc. the old member, "is still, 1 think, r the popular candi date;; though the cbhstitiiehts' have heard ad dresses from Mr, , M'Dennott, formerly of the 'Bauk'of Australasia, and Mr.-, T. C. , Hewitt whose warmest friends do riot"' say lie -under stands English, but that lie is able to decline common sense through, aU ; its moods , and . tenses ; ;aind -who being ! a - fariner, thinks ho ought to. be chosen to represent an agricultu ral district, instead of au Adelaide tanner or fetired banker. For Yatala, in place of Mr. Giles, who. retires. from tho-field altogether, we have Mr. Duffield, a miller, against , Mr. Artliur'Blytho, who -has-been in tlie iron trade' hitherto! ' . ' . Though lvohave so many, farmers in; this . colony, tliei-b is almost -no candidates of this olass.i '.-Perhaps"- agriculture is too exacting an' occupation to afford its votaries time to attend to the good of the commonwealth; but with the exception of Major O'Halloran; who is half n soldier, and of tho abovo-montionod' Mi- T. C. Hewitt, we have no farmers solicit ing the sweet voices of our South Australian .constituencies. . The general deinauds of the electors are for tlie ballot and universal sufi'erago ; two cliam: bors, one elected by districts as at present, sitting for three yaars, and the: other .elected by! tho wliolo oonstituoncy for nine years, a third part of the members going out by rota tion every tlireo years; responsible govern ment ; extended education ; and tho full con trol of the land fund. The Germans aro working hard to get their disabilities removed, that tlioy may choose; a member of their peoplo to represent them under the new Constitution; and they will' succeed, for the popular feeling is in their favour, A largo vessol came in tho other day from Hamburg with 487 immigrants of all ages, mostly agriculturists. 107 have been sent for by their friend slioro : among them is an aged couplo of the respeotivo ages of 90 and 80, who have como to end tlicir days in our fan- free land. None oftho German immi grants by this vessol cost anything to tho South Australian land fund. The weather, which had been very diy for tho greater part of August, with unseasonable north winds occasionally, changed on tho morning of the Otli instant, and wo have been blessed with abundant and refreshing rain. There is still corn in the land, not enough to see us out till next harvest, but much more than wo could bavo supposed from the random sta tistics we have had to go by. The farmers are beginning to see that tliey cannot get the enormous prices of last month, and must bond then: minds to sell at the -cur ront.rates. .... 