! MANAGEMENT OF THE WAR. [Copy of a letter forwarded to the Right Honorable I tho Premier of Her Majesty's Cabinet.] j - Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, ! ? February 9, 1855. My Loud, — Having remarked on the manner of conducting military affairs in the Crimea, 1 feal inclined to glance at the Russian campaign gond rally. . AYhy was the be3t of the season for operations on land' and sea thrown away iu stupid piocrastina tion ? Why did Lord Raglan waste so much time' at Constantinople? ? Why did Dundas permit the massacre at Sinope P ' ? Ye. comiiliment His Grace of Newcastle. and: elevate Lord Rigliin' to the rank of field-marshal out of his' turn for that highest of military honors. They have both, I.mnst confess, earned imperisliablb fame,' but at a costly price to Britain. ? What -could induce the young statesman and tho old veteran to weaken and decimate your soldiers by sicknesi in the, marshes of Varna? The first' movement should have been a rapid de- . monstration towards the Danube ; and, the moment' that tho siege of Silistria was raised, an immediate embarkation for the grand hit, the capture of Se vastopol. ' This wou'd have taken the Czar by sur prise, whilothe place was comparatively defenceless. Why was tha inva?ion'of the Crimea delayed un til the commencement of winter? Were the con ductors of the war so madly ambitious of fame as to imitate the madness of Bonaparte in his Mosco-v expedition by sending an army aiid a navy to perish in the fiiows and tempests of ii Crimean winter 7 Why wasstlierenot a combined movement to seize the Isthmus of Perekoff, simultaneously with the attack on Sebastop ol P' This would have insured the easy taking of that stronghold, and, at the san.e time, the isolation of the C/.ai'r. forces in the Crimea. ''Why-was Mciischikoff allowed to reform and to obtain re-infoicemc nts af-.er tlie battle, of Alma ? Why was the -battle fought without cavulry ? And why did Lord Raglan uot pursue his beaten foes, while they. wore in confusion, and enter the fottreis along with them ? The defeat, of Menschikoir, the capture of. Sevastopol; and the surrender of Liprandi, ought to have been announced in the same despatch. ' ; ' ; April 25; 'What a concatenation of astounding news_ from Europe since the above; wits written. A besieging . army besieged ! Cavalry slain by blundering orders to charge an enemy .in position ! . Men slaughtered in camp through .the. sheer neglect of their chief, .in i;ot sonding o\it night patrols! Soldiers perishing by .hunger, wet, cold, and mud, through the.' want of food, clotlung, and shelter,' while vessels-laden with supplies in abundance were dancing about with them on the waves, and throwing tliem ashore, to be trampled in the mire ! A commander; who seems to have neitherr a head to plan, nor, a heart to feel! The transport and providing branches of the. service — the very life blood of un expedition — ignorant, .vaiii, stupid, and disorganised! Soldiers whose hearts were steel iii the battle_ field shedding tears and wishing for death, -while taking their turn on duty! An army of 04,000, the largest, tho I finest. . equipped,' and -one of the bravest that ever left the .shores of Britain reduced to 14,000 1— reduced, not by superiority of opposing tactics, the number and! bravery of their foes, or insurmountable difficulties of position, but by a badly arranged campaign, ill-planned battles, useless exp jsjre to the guns of the enemy, and fruitless victories obtained solely by,, their own, unconquer able valor ; i I am overwhelmed with grief and anger. 'fell me not, my lord, tliat-all this is nothing to me. I am a Briton. British — a soldier's— blo.'d flows in iny veins, which, though at the opposite side of the globe, beats in responsive pulsations of joy or sorrow at every announcement ui ™ iuhuub.m misfortunes. 01 , llow shall 1 give vent to my indignation ? Shall I spring from polo to pole— from Australia to tl:o Crimea— or iuto the regions of the dsad, and bring up the ghost of Sir Thomas. Picton, to hang the whole of a worthless commissariat, or send them to take ? their turn and their f.ile in the trenehes, drenched with the blood they have shed? . - Lord Raglan, whether he escape a court martial or not, will have to answer for his deeds to the ghosts of the' slain, whose first impulse- on his entrance into Hades will be to break his marshal's staff over his head. Tho defence of so much iniquitous blundering, is the most extraordir ary ever uttered ia field, camp or senate. Because our men were exposed to unparalleled suffering in the Peninsula through the bad faith of the rascally Spahiardj, wo ourselves are deliberately to expose them to the same destroying process in tho Crimea! According to this maniac doctrinc, errors tlio most fatal, instead of being wa'rning bcacons, are to be considered examples for imitation. I hear, too, of delieaiy of feeling. Dehca.-y of feeling to thoso whose want of feeling has murdered fin army of.40,000, weakened the power, and indelibly stained Ihe glory of Britain, the standard.- bearer in tins-planet of the God of the universo, indioates u dethronement of the ua'.ional reason. n ^ut| ,P'my country! all this will not bring back the noble dead from thoir graves in the bloody hills and valleys of Sehastopol ; nor d*y tho tears of their widows aud orphans ; nor wash out the stains of thv tarnished glory. ' * ? * ? » I have the honor to be, my Lord, Yours' respectfully, ARLSTIDES. 