MR. KINGSTON'S RESOLUTIONS. The amendment proposed by the hon-membsr for the Burra was last night withdrawn by that gentleman in favour of the second .reading .of the 'Constitution BilL . , The facts of the case are pretty generally known, but in order that no misconception should exist upon so impor tant a subject ..we shall briefly recapitulate the particulars.' - v When the Gorernment Bill for enacting a new Constitution was laid on the table' of the Houae, it was immediately apparent that that measure did not coincide) with the ?wishes of the community. The best proof of . this is tho fact, which no one would controvert, that the elected members, who had been returned on this very question, would to a man have repu diated it as a whole, and ' as a whole ' the Go vernment requested that it might be considered. His Excellency, in his opening address to the Council, warned tho House of the consequence that might follow any material alteration of the details of his BilL But not only* was it impossible for such a Bill to be agreed to by a majority of the elective members ; it would have been equally impossible for the Govern-' ment to have carried it, even though all the nominees voted with the Executive. The Government had brought in a Bill which the House-would not-pass j -yet- members -were-- warned by His Excellency from materially altering even its ' details.' 'We presume that these simple facts will notbedenied. .. . , ', The Colonial Secretary 'had moved the second reading of the BilL We again repeat, in oppo sition to the elaborate attempt* at mystification by the Advocate-General yesterday, and des pite his precedents in the Legislative Council of this province, we repeat that tho. recog- nised . practice of .Parliament, both in England and in this colony, is to affirm, by the second reading of a Bill, its fundamental principles. The first reading is pro forma ; on the motion for the second reading the battle of argument takes place, because to carry the second reading is to affirm the prin ciple. This the Advocate-General knows perfectly well ; at all events, if he holds that the second reading of a Bill does not commit the House to any single principle or detail which it contains, he had better say so dis tinctly. The case, then, stands thus. The second reading of an obnoxious Bill had been given notice of. The second reading of a Bill always includes the adoption of its principle, and the Government had not intimated that the Constitution Bill was to form an exception to the rule. Under these circumstances the hon. member for the Burra was perfectly justi fied in meeting an objectionable Bill by a series of popular resolutions. The resolutions proposed by Mr. Kingston were made the subject of discussion between various elective members. It has been objected that that discussion was not invited until after the resolutions were placed on the notice paper. Thi3 may be true or not ; but it concerns the hon. gentleman' 8 political friends, and is of no moment either to the Government or to his political opponents. At a later period, as wa3 stated in the House, Mr. Kingston had some conference or communication with the Govern ment, and the Government agreed to his reso lutions coming forward, that the House might discuss them before the second reading of the Constitution BilL We wish to place this matter clearly before the country. We repeat, therefore, that tho Government did agree, on Monday last, to the introduction of Mr. Kingston's resolutions. On Tuesday the scene changed. A new mem ber had been introduced into the Executive, and a meeting of that body was held, when, about tha hour of the meeting of Council, Mr. Kingston was informed that the Government had rescinded their permission, and would oppose the resolutions whose introduction they agreed to the day preceding. Under these circumstances Mr. Kingston determined to move his resolutions as an amendment upon the motion for the second reading of the Bill. The Advocate-General and the Colonial Se cretary are indignant that the Government breach of compact should have been referred to in the House. They say that, if such ex posures take place, the Government cannot privately confer, with hou. members at all. But will the country believe it, that the Go vernment claim the privilege of breaking faith with impunity ? The Government did consent to tha introduction of Mr. Kingston's resolu tions, and the permission given is cancelled without the consent of the other contracting party. It is not, however, enough to break faith ; but those who complain of that breach of faith are condemned as ob3tructors of the public business. The essence of .the speeches of the Colonial Secretary and of the Advocate General is thi3:— Either the Government cannot come to terms with elected members nt all, or permission must be given to the Govern ment to violate then: compact whenever they see fit, without any public notice being taken of it! Mr. Kingston has been accused of arrogance in bringing forward a series of resolutions on the Constitution, when the Government, with the utmost liberality, had declared that every clause in the Bill they introduced was open to any degree of amendment. But when did the Government declare that ? Not until the House met on Tuesday, and the hon. member for tho Burra was ready with his propositions. Not an iota of such intention escaped them before ; and the public will understand that Mr. Kingston's resolutions, together with the known sentiments of the elective mem bers, alone induced the Government to tako that step. In a manner' as extraordinary as it was unparliamentary, the members of the Government rose, one after the other, proposing in the most humiliating manner to make a tabula rasa of every clause in the Bill, pleading for ' the preamble, and the preamble only,' and assuring tho Council that if they would but agree to the second reading, they should not be considered as pledged to any one principle, or any one detail, but that they might reconstruct every clause from first to last. We say that the annals oi parliamentary proceedings will yield no such illustration of official subserviency in connection with any important public measure. Of course, under such an altered state of things, it would have been needless for Mr. Kingston to persevere. The whole of his resolutions may be repro posed in Committee, with any others that may be afterwards devised. All that the Govern ment plead for is, the formality of having the ' ayes ' in their favour. Only let the second reading of the Bill be carried, and it is perfectly conceded that every clause in the Bill be rejected. We have heard of the play of Hamlet with the principal part omitted ; but the treatment of the Constitution Bill by the Government omits every act, scene, and cha racter in that political drama, except the mere ghost of the preamble! The Government have, in feet, given up their Bill altogether ; and though, to save appearances, they may battle for its clauses in Committee, yet, as they have given the Council carte blanche to remodel every clause, the defeat of Mr. Kingston's resolutions is a much greater victory than their own second reading. The title belongs to the Government, the Bill will be prepared by the House ; and thus ends the amendment of Mr. Kingston. ? 