ECCLESIASTICAL SYNOD. On Tuesday the Synod summoned by the Lord Bishop of Adelaide met in the school-room adjoining the Chapter House, the members having first received the Holy Sa crament in Trinity (Cathedral) Church. There were present: Clergy—The Lord Bishop; the Venerable Archdeacon Hale, M.A.; the Revs. W. Woodcock, J. Pollitt, W. H. Coombs, J. C. Bagshaw, M.A.; A. B. Burnett, M.A.; E. Bayfield, J. Watson, J. Fulford, F. Platts, K. H. Burnett, M.A. ; R. Strong, B.A., C. Marryat, M.A., E. Jenkins, A. R. Russell, G. H. Farr, A.M.; E. K. Miller, J. Titherington, and D Ibbetson. Lay Representatives: Trinity Church— Messrs. Tomkinson, Gosse, and Roberts. Christchurch —Messrs Macdermott, Wicksteed, Woolridge, and A. Scott. St. John's—Messrs. Hawkes, Blyth, and Jickling. Mitcham—Colonel Freeling, and Mr. Bartley. St. Mary's, Sturt—Mr. W. H. Trimmer. O'Halloran Hill—Colonel O'Halloran. Hindmarsh—Mr. Hammond, St. James's, Blakiston—Messrs. Evans and Gray. St. Paul's, Port Adelaide—Dr. Duncan. St. George's, Magill—Messrs. Butler and Bright. St. Stephen's, Willunga—Mr. Kell. St Mary's, Burra—Mr. Henry Gilbert. St. Mark's, Pen wortham—Mr. Stocks. St. Peter's, Glenelg—Mr. R. B. Colley. The names having been read over, The Lord Bishop read the following address:— My Lay Brethren and Reverend the Clergy—I meet you to-day with peculiar satisfaction, because I am assured that inviting you to attend, together with your reverend pastors, in a Diocesan Synod, duly convened, I am following not merely ecclesiastical precedent, but a course recognized by the ecclesiastical law of England, and not prohibited either by the statute or common law. Hitherto our meetings, whether known as a Con ference or an Assembly, were but tentative and provi sional, held not in defiance of law, nor in the spirit of insubordination to the Crown, or supreme ecclesiastical authorities of the United Church of England and Ire land, but in the belief that the freedom enjoyed by every section of British Christians, viz., "that of consulting together on matters touching their best temporal and spiritual interests," was not denied to those portions of the Established Church which are found in every colony of the British Empire. While no doubt remained of the willingness on the part of the Crown to concede such reasonable liberty, and none on the part of the Arch bishops and Bishops of England and Ireland, it seemed unnecessary to examine the legal question whether Dio cesan Synods were legal, without previous application to the Crown for license to hold them. There was no doubt that, by advice of the Privy Council, such license might be granted; but it was more than doubtful whether Her Majesty would be advised by her present Ministers to exercise her prerogative in this manner for the advantage of Churchmen in the colonies. Debarred, therefore, from thus settling all doubts as to the legality of Diocesan Synods, when I found that Ministerial Changes and the jealousy of ecclesiastical party ob structed the passing of an Act freeing the colo nial clergy from any supposed disability (an Act which the Government had introduced as a Cabinet measure, and the principle of which had received the implied assent of the ecclesiastical authorities), I resolved to try the legal question, and claim as matter of right that which the Legislature was so tardy in recog nizing by statute. The legality of the Synod of Exeter in 1851 having been admitted, it followed of course that a Diocesan Synod at Adelaide in 1855 was no less legal; and thus all doubt having been removed, no technical objection could render invalid the acts and agreements done and made at such a Synod provided they were not con trary to the law of the land, either common or statute; and not repugnant to the law ecclesiastical, by which the Crown, in its Supreme Court of Appeal, the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, must in its decisions be governed. It is true that the clergy alone were sum moned to the Synod of Exeter; but the practice of ancient Synods, and the language of the "Reformatio Legum," in c. 21, places the right of the bishop to invite the presence of some of the laity at such meetings beyond question. I have accordingly requested those of you whom I know to possess the confidence of the congrega tions to be present in the Synod; and you have attended at my summons. It only remains, then, to follow the directions of our Reformers, and treat with gravity and peacefulness the important matters which demand our attention. May the Holy Ghost vouchsafe to us His gracious presence. That we have need of meeting to gether from time to time in a regular and constituted manner, to provide for our local wants, and make local regulations, is evident from our proceedings since the date when the Church was thrown by the civil government on its own energies and resources. But it is now time that what was tentative and provisional should assume a more formal shape; that our Church meetings should be analagous to those which, from the Apostolic age, have been held in all places and countries; and that they should be constituted on those principles which, stamped with the authority of Scripture, the sanction of Apostolic practice, and the consentaneous usage of the universal Church, may well be deemed the safest and best, if not of infallible necessity. Having recently stated those principles in my charge to the clergy at the Visitation, I seed not here repeat them. I believe they are such as command the largest mass of consenting authority and opinion in the Churches of the Reforma tion; and what is more, wherever they have been de viated from, there heresy and unbelief have most widely prevailed. I shall not fatigue you with quotations from Christian writers of the first century, or from the standard authorities of our own Church—theologians who were second to none in piety, learning, or ability, As practical men, I would simply invite your attention to the statements upon the points in question of a writer to whom, in my charge, I have recently drawn attention, simply because he may be supposed by mem bers of our Church to speak as an unbiassed witness. Speaking, then, the theory of a "balance" between the lay and clerical elements in the Church, and of their pretended co-ordinate authority, the Rev. Alfred Bar rett asks "What were the atrocities of the French Papistic Sovereigns but results of the evil balance of power practically at work between churchmen and laity in the ruling councils?" What were the oppressions of the High Commission and the Star Chamber, but de cisions in which the lay authorities coincided with the bishops, and often formed the numerical majority? On the theory in question there can be no independent action on the part of the ministry; no means of meeting a sudden emergency arising in Christ's kingdom, where emergencies are so often arising, and all the more frequently as the end draws near. The Reformation would have been impossible under the sway of such a principle, and the rise of Methodism itself would have been impossible. If Martin Luther and his co pastors, and if our own founder had waited for an equi poise with their own of lay influence before they made their bold advances on the kingdom of darkness, history would have shown a very different page, Lay suffrage on any comprehensive scale would have, at first, been against their scheme; but they drew on lay co-operation, as a consequence to follow, and that was the proper and Heaven-appointed order. Moreover, the "balance" has been already weighed in God's own balance of the sanc tuary, and, in respect of gaining the purposes sought by it, has been found wanting. So far as its principle is embodied in the "ruling eldership" or assessorship with the ministry in the Church of non-pastoral persons, it has had a fair trial in the course of the last three centu ries. Has it preserved Calvin's Church of Geneva in a right interpretation and administration of the Law of Christ? Has it preserved intact to the people the Hel vetian confession, or abolished that document—that tes timony to the faith of the Reformation? Has it expelled those pastors who denied the Lord that bought them? Has it not rather given up everything precious in the Gospel, and silenced the people by telling them that their representatives were concurrent and in court? Has it kept up the least godly discipline in the consistories France? Has it fenced off the Protestant professors of that country from philosophical theology and semi unbelief? Has it preserved the venerable Church of Scotland itself from schism and disruption, whether on the ground of doctrine or discipline? And if we take the theory of balance in its mere Erastian form, has it preferred the parishes and schools of Protestant Ger many from nursing and diffusing the worst heresies which, since the days of Gnosticism, have afflicted the Christian Church?" p. 835, Thus much on the sup posed principle of co-ordinate authority of the pastor and the laity. Again, p. 358, he writes thus—"And this we are bold to say is the primitive and Apostolic plan; the ministry first devising the rule and then commending it to the calm and dispassionate consideration of the people. 'What the ministers have left is the guardianship of the truth, disciplinary power over each other, the regulation of spiritual services, and so much right of office as enables them to put away sin from the Christian congregation, and stand clear with their Divine Master." Do the Churches of even republican America go further than in the application of the Episcopal authority, which always inheres on the collective pastorate that the laity should not be "excluded from giving testimony and advice." But with regard to the authoritative act of judgment in the case of the incestuous Corinthian, as well as of Hymenaus and Alexander, "the whole pro cedure" he adds, "should be, to use the words of Eras mus, 'ex Pauli decreto, ex multitudinis consensu, ex autoritate Christi.' " p. 304. Still more emphatically he sums up the argument thus—p. 331, Let us pause for a moment, and, leaving antiquity out of the question let us draw from our present survey of the Scriptures alone the general doctrines which, in connection with the whole of this subject, they teach:—"That the steward or pastor is directly responsible to the Head of the Church for the preservation of His truth, and the maintenance of purity; that although every member (he included) is under the same law, yet he is the expositor of the law, and answerable for its enforcement; that in the adjudication of discipline, appeal is to be made to the people as to whether the law has been broken, so as from their verdict or concurrence to make the act, whatever it is, the act of the whole; yet if in particular or momen tous cases that verdict or concurrence, through faction, be withheld; or if doubt arise as to whether the law of, Christ, in those instances applies, or as to how far it applies, then must the matter be resolved by the collec tive pastorate, as in the cases of Jerusalem and Corinth. I have cited this writer not because of his theological weight, but, as I said before, because his testimony is so far unbiassed, and because I never saw his work before the constitutions were in print; and I then found the above principles in class harmony with those embodied in my draft. The two special wants to be provided were, in my opinion, the action of the laity within their com petency, according to the divine economy of the Church; end the disciplinary authority of the bishop over the clergy, freed from the possibility of its being exerted hastily, arbitrarily, and absolutely. I believe those postulates have been accomplished in the Constitutions. On the one hand no judicial decision affecting the cha racter or property of a clergyman can take effect, and legally bind the individual, without a verdict of his brethren in the ministry, and the report of a mixed lay and clerical jury. Nor, on the other, can any doctrinal decision made by the bishop and clergy become a consti tution of this Diocesan Church without the concurrence of the laity. Besides this safeguard, the Archbishop of Canterbury has authority over the bishop and clergy, while in all matters affecting temporal interests or per sonal character, an appeal would lie in the last retort to the Crown in Privy Council. Under such legal restraints, I do not think that we are likely to run into any doctri nal or judicial extravagances. And here I may answer some objections, or rather misapprehensions, suggested by parties foreign to our communion. I seek no legis lative interference whatever to give effect to our private synodal agreements. I should deprecate any appeal to the local Legislature to enforce any of our constitutions. I should equally deprecate and resist, as far as it was possible, my enquiry by the civil Courts as to the pro priety or wisdom, of Scriptural authority of our arrange ments. The simple fact, whether A. B. has been duly tried by his own religious body, according to their own discipline, and has been found guilty of contravening the terms on which he acceded a certain change, and so became entitled to the benefit of certain property limited to certain uses. This is the extent in which the authority of the Civil Courts will be invoked in case of need. So fer and no farther would "appeal unto Caesar." And no inconvenience results from this action of the Civil Courts throughout the United States of America; where the Judges do not take upon themselves to discuss the theology or discipline of the various Christian bodies; but simply give effect to their decisions, according to their. own rules, when a delinquent minister is to be dispossessed of property held by him in virtue of his ministerial charge. Indeed, to insinuate that an attempt is intended to be made covertly to introduce a State Church, because in case of property the civil authority may be called upon to Interfere, is a strange misapprehension; when the case of Lady Hewley's charity has been so recently before the Courts, and Privy Council, and Parliament itself; the parties suing and being sued not being members of the Established Church of England. At the present time the like question of property is being determined by the Court of Queen's Bench, between the Wesleyan Con ference and the New Connexion, relative to the posses sion of certain chapels under the terms of John Wes ley's model trust-deed. To deny the competency of the civil tribunals in such matters, would, in fact, be to fall into the arrogant claims of the Papal Church at the Con quest, when the jurisdiction over clerks was taken trom the King's Courts to be transferred to Spiritual Courts, and so subordinated the civil authority on secular things to the spiritual. Thus extremes are ever found to meet, dismissing, then, this mistaken view, which principally concerns our proposed trust-deed, I state the object of the latter to be this, viz., to select a body of gentlemen to act with the Bishop and other ecclesiastical trustees. in taking, holding, and managing, property, real and personal, dedicated for the use of this Diocesan Church, or any part of it. The necessity of such a body must be evident when, with the exception of the Bishop, there Is not a corporation capable of holding property belonging to the Church except the Governors or the Collegiate School of St. Peter's, a body which has been created by local Ordinance. The Ecclesiatical Commission in England, which holds and manages the Episcopal and Capitular estates, in certain cases, is found a very important and efficient machinery for the pur pose; and I doubt not that a body of Diocesan Trustees, chosen from the most influential of our laity, would give general confidence, and draw out the liberality of many members of our Church, who may be disposed to give property for endowments, local or general. I now come to the structure of the documents presented for your consideration. Considering the various resolutions which had been suggested or adopted by our provi sional Conference and Assembly as a brief, together with such provisions as either occurred to myself or those whom I consulted, I placed them, through my legal agent, in the hands of Mr. J. Bullar, of the Middle Temple. Among the documents with which he was entrusted was a copy of the model trust-deed of John Wesley and so far as the members of the Church of England were placed in this colony in the like position, as the members of his society were in the mother country a century ago; so far was Mr. Bullar instructed to prepare a model trust-deed, with the necessary changes required by the principles of the Church. It was thought advisable to separate the "rules" about Church property from the "regulations" regarding our internal management—hence the separation of the constitutions from the trust-deed. The former may be said to be the by-law by which we propose to carry on the ecclesiastical concerns of this Diocese; they were, therefore, arranged far convenience in chap ters, and it was thought best to embody in them those rules which the vast and long experience of municipal corporations, chartered companies, and other public bodies in England, had found convenient for dispatch of business. But this involved the necessity of distinguishing between funda mental provisions connected with the trusts of property dedicated for the use of the Church, and those other matters which might be changed and altered from time to time. So, also, in the trust-deed, a small portion of the matter of the deed is unalterably tied to the uses of the property; all the other regulations may be altered as occasion requires by the Synod. The selection of these fundamental provisions required, of course, great care and caution, and it will claim also your special at tention. The other rules may save much troublesome discussion if adopted provisionally; but, I repeat, they are all alterable by vote of the Synod. After the docu ments had been drawn up, they were submitted to various clergymen for their comments, and last of all they were revised and amended by Archibald John Stephens, Esq., barrister-at-law, whose compilation of the ecclesiastical statutes has made his name familiar to all ecclesiastical lawyers. He kindly pointed out whatever discrepancy there appeared in them or devi ation from the practice or principles of the Church of England. These were carefully altered; and though, from the pressure of time the drafts did not receive all the improvement of which they were susceptible, and the many errors of the press, as well as some omissions and discrepancies remained, yet such as they are, they violate no law, and introduce no new or illegal practice. A revised copy Mr. Stephens promised to send me, which I expect by the mail of December 5th; they will arrive, therefore, in time to aid our deliberations, and perhaps to settle some doubts. I would now respectfully indicate the course which I think should be pursued in regard to these documents. They are now presented to you for mally for consideration. The clergy, at their late visita tion, read them through paragraph by paragraph; and I took a note of every objection, which, after explanation given, still seemed to suggest itself to their minds. A committee was then formed to report on these points; a further conference ensued, and such alterations as ap peared valuable were inserted in the constitutions and Trust-deed. I would propose in like manner to receive from you such enquiries and suggestions as you are dis posed to make. A committee of the laity might then be named, to report by a given day on such queries. When they have presented their report, a conference might be held, and such amendments as shall be agreed on inserted in the deeds. The Synod should then, I think, meet in committee, and shape the documents, both constitutions and trust-deed, so as to take the opinion of their congregations on them. Whatever ob jections shall be made by the congregations should be submitted for discussion to an adjourned meeting of the Synod; but on the plain understanding that what shall be determined on by the concurrent votes of Bishop, clergy, and lay representatives, should be taken as the sense of the Church, and bind the minority. The details of this procedure must be settled in the first instance in order to prevent doubt or confusion; and I think that we should carry on the work with all conve nient speed, believing that until we have a recognised machinery, we shall not be able to call forth all the energy and power, whether lay or clerical, of which our Church stands in need. Some few other objects connected with my mission to England I may here briefly touch upon. The selection of a head-master for the Collegiate School was amongst the first. I am more and more convinced that the ministry will not be adequately supplied until we are able to educate in our own College youths who may be desirous to serve at the altar. The Mother Church can barely supply her own cures with really effi cient men. I attach, therefore, the greatest, importance to the theological scholarships of that institution, and in the superintendence of their theological studies by the head-master, or some competent lecturer in divinity. I possess the means of endowing, though very scantily, such a lectureship and scholarship, which, I trust, will prove a blessing hereafter to the inhabitants of this colony. Three other clergymen in full orders were also engaged to assist me in the ministry. Two are now serving among you; the third "forsook'' me within a very few days of my sailing, and so prevented me from selecting another in his place. He had undertaken spe cially to itinerate through the South-eastern districts. Two theological students also joined me, one of whom will, I trust, before many weeks, be admitted to deacon's orders. The funds by which this accession to the clerical body were obtained, resulted partly from the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, but principally from congregational collections made after sermons by myself, or at meetings which I attended; and above all, the liberality of private lay and clerical friends. I appealed to the Society for aid in regard to stipends, and after some difficulty obtained the continuance of the grant of £500 per annum for the three years next en suing; out of which £100 is to be paid to the missionary to the natives. All the grants of the Society are now limited to three years. In behalf of the Collegiate School, and especially the theological students, I appealed to the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge. A grant was accordingly made of £500, with which I trust suffi cient accommodation will be procured for them and the boarders generally. Another subject also demanded my attention. Relying on the fact that an acre had been set apart from the foundation of the colony, in Victoria square, for the site of the cathedral church; knowing that the Government had ratified the grant; assured that property had been bought and sold on the faith of this grant; believing that the good sense and right feeling of the citizens of Adelaide would not allow a claim so guaranteed to be set aside, and a real loss in flicted, which could not be replaced in any manner at a cost of less than some thousands of pounds; I applied to the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge for a grant towards the erection of a part at least of that structure upon the acre in Victoria-square. The liberality of William Allen, Esq., who promised £1,000 for that object, was met by a grant of the like sum; and I accordingly caused to be drawn a design for a large parochial church, with working drawings to carry it into effect. The design is simple yet beautiful, and would undoubtedly prove a great ornament to the city, as well as worthy of the site so liberally given. I trust the Synod, and especially the laity, will assist me with their counsel and support in commencing the structure. Without a central church of large dimensions we cannot accommodate the numerous population which belongs to our communion in the heart of Adelaide. These are the principal circumstances to which, in connection with my mission to England, I have desired to call your attention. One truth, however, was brought home most clearly to my mind by that mission. It is this—that the Church of England in South Australia must in future depend upon the efficiency of its own members, and the zeal of its own laity, for its preservation and expansion. It is well that you should know this. Your colony is consi dered one of the lightest taxed and most prosperous portions of the empire. "Why," it is asked, "should the wealthy colonists of all classes in South Australia tax the Mother Church for the support of their ministers?" May I accept the challenge on your behalf? You will not be found wanting. Much you have already accomplished, and far more since you have realized your obligations as a constituent portion of the congregation of the faithful. A "clergy church," to borrow a phrase from a celebrated German statesman and writer, does not in any measure fulfil the scriptural outline of the whole or any portion of the universal Church, This was a conception of early but not primitive times; it was fostered by medieval ignorance of Scripture. The Reformation vio lently broke the spell without any nice adjustment of the constituent parts. Our brethren of the Episcopal Church in the United States, left to their own clear sighted intelligence, have in great measure worked out the problem; but I am bold to say that the United Church of England and Ireland possesses, in her own discipline, laws, canons, and principles, the power and the light necessary to place the organization, not only of every diocese, but of the universal Church, on its right Scrip tural and Apostolic basis, I therefore heartily pray that you and I, and the reverend the clergy, may be permitted, through grace, to trace the outline, and in some measure help to work out the designs; that the Divine Head of the Church may view our efforts with favour, because done in subordination to His will and word, and with a single eye to the extension and confirmation of His kingdom upon earth. In the course of the address, the Bishop paused a while on the subject of endowments, and mentioned that the late Mr. Van Sittart had intended giving two sec tions of land at Mount Gambler, for the purpose of endowing scholarships at the Collegiate School. His Lordship then read the questions submitted to counsel in London, as to the legality of his convening the Synod, and the affirmative replies. The documents laid before the Synod were headed as follows: "Diocesan Constitutions determined and agreed upon at a Synod convened by the Right Reverend Au gustus, by Divine permission, Lord Bishop of Adelaide, Ordinary of the Diocese of Adelaide, in the province of Sydney, in Australasia;" and "The Deed of Trust of the Diocese of Adelaide." Of these we were unable to obtain copies till an advanced period of the proceedings, when one of the lay members of the Synod kindly lent us his own. The want of them of course makes the early part of the report somewhat imperfect and obscure, as it is impossible to follow or understand a speaker without being acquainted with the precise passages to which his observations refer. His Lordship having formally declared the meeting opened as a Synod, Mr. Macdermott believed all who were present would duly appreciate the great labour and care his Lordship had expended in preparing the documents laid before the Synod. In point of form they seemed judiciously framed, and were certainly an improvement on what had been before adopted in the colony; but, for his own part, he would sooner have seen them more simple. With regard to the preamble to constitutions, he had no remark to make. It touched on no doctrinal point, and he felt that it was safer to take the Church of England as it stood than to attempt to lead. The second clause, how ever, he thought would be better omitted, or at least the words ''The Bishop, clergy, and laity of this diocese shall be governed by the laws ecclesiastical." Those laws were formed in distant days, and it was needless for there to take upon themselves a yoke which they might find it hard to bear. The 23rd clause in the trust deed, making certain provisions fundamental, he also thought objectionable. The Rev. Mr. Woodcock thought the course Mr. Mac dermott was adopting out of order. His Lordship had suggested the consideration of the clauses seriatim, and that would be by far the better plan. Mr. Macdermott said a private meeting of the laity had been held, at which about one-fourth of the docu ments had been gone through, and some notes of objec tions had been made. The Rev. Mr. Bagshaw would adopt the course pur sued in the Legislative Council on the second reading of a Bill: let every member make general observations, and then decide whether the Synod should go into committee or otherwise. The Rev. Mr. Woodcock thought at that rate they should never got through. It was better to go at once into committee. The Rev. Mr. Russell agreed. The observations made by Mr. Macdermott were not general, but referred to particular clauses, and might have been better made in commlttee. The Archdeacon moved, and Dr. Duncan seconded, that the Synod go into committee. Mr. Collet moved as an amendment that the docu ments be first considered by the clergy and the laity separately, and afterwards in Synod. His Lordship thought that might be done after the documents had been gone through clause by clause, and any objections stated. He might be able to explain some of them. Dr. Duncan agreed. Mr. Gilbert seconded Mr. Collet's amendment. His Lordship said, with reference to one of Mr. Mac dermott's remarks, that so long as they retained a right of appeal to England, they must be subject to the laws ecclesiastical. This must be borne in view on the one hand: and on the other hand they must avoid so binding themselves that though the civil government of the colony might be separated from that of the mother country, the Episcopal Church of South Australia must remain part and parcel of the United Church of England, and Ireland. Mr. Jickling thought the clause as it stood would bind them to the old laws, even though the Imperial Parliament might alter the whole of them. Mr. Hammond, as the documents were very volum inous, would refer them to a select committee of clergy and laymen for their report, after which they might be considered in Synod. His Lordship thought any objection should first be stated in his presence, that the members might receive the benefit of his explanations. This they could not have if the suggestion were carried out, unless, indeed, he were elected a member of the select committee. He must explain that he had no desire to hurry the matter forward. John Wesley's trust-deed occupied nearly a year in its preparation, and it had worked for a hundred years. The civil courts had given fall effect to it without making the Wesleyan Society a State Church. Mr. Hammond moved the appointment of a Select Committee, consisting of five clergymen and five laymen, presided over by his Lordship. The Rev. Mr. Bagshaw seconded this. He thought it the most convenient course, and |t was the usual course adopted by deliberative bodies. The report of the Select Committee could be submitted to a Committee of the whole Synod. It did not follow that the Bishop should be excluded from the Committee, though his presence was not absolutely necessary, as any point which might arise could still be submitted to him. Mr. Wicksteed supported the original motion. There were many clauses which they did not understand, and it was better to have his Lordship's immediate explica tion. Mr. Stocks agreed. Mr. Colley, with the consent of Mr. Gilbert, withdrew his amendment. Mr. Hammond's amendment was then put and lost, only three hands being held up in its favour. The origi nal motion was carried by an immense majority. The Synod then went into committee. His Lordship explained, that the Church here, as a part of the Church of England, could not be governed otherwise than by the laws ecclesiastical. There could be no objection, however, to substituting the word "law" for "laws," if that would meet Mr. Macdermott's views. A desultory conversation followed, and it was deter mined to read the documents paragraph by paragraph. His Lordship explained that it was not intended that day to alter or decide anything finally, but only to hear and answer objections. He then read the preamble to the document headed "Diocesan Constitutions." In answer to Dr. Duncan, he explained, the word "Ordi nary" meant the person who had the ordering of things. It might be the Bishop, or some other person in his absence. Dr. Duncan asked if it might be a layman? His Lordship said the Queen was strictly the supreme ordinary. The Rev. Mr. Woodcock remarked that the Bishop's commissary sometimes acted as ordinary. His Lordship continued reading the preamble, which set forth the inconveniences which had arisen in the diocese from the want of effectual regulation, and the necessity of providing a proper constitution. The Rev. A. B. Burnett asked if the Archbishop of Canterbury had still any authority over the Diocese of Adelaide? His Lordship said he had, and he had himself taken the usual oaths. The Rev. Mr. Bagshaw asked whether the new Bishop of Sydney had the same authority as his predecessor? His Lordship could not say, unless he could see Dr. Barker's letters patent. He believed he had authority but could not say. Mr. Macdermott considered it satisfactory that the appeal to the Archbishop of Canterbury should exist. His Lordship said it did exist. The Rev. Mr. Russell asked how, under the preamble, the clergy would be situated with regard to the refusal of the Sacrament to men of known evil life? The Rev. Mr. Watson felt that there was a difficulty, and should be prepared to move the substitution of the word "church" in the preamble for "clergy." The Rev. Mr. Russell agreed, but would rather leave the word "clergy," adding "and laity." His Lordship thought this surplusage. The matter was provided for in the rubric of the communion service. The Rev. Mr. Bagshaw observed that the rubric gave power to the clergy, but here it could only be exercised at peril of an action for libel. The Rev. Mr. Woodcock said it had already been ar ranged that the responsibility of exclusion from the com munion should not be suffered to rest solely on the clergyman. It was usual here to have five laymen to assist him. His Lordship said they could not limit the law eccle siastical. The rubric gave the power of exclusion to the clergyman, and his associating laymen with him might; render his act illegal. The Rev. Mr. Russell moved, and the Rev. Mr. Bagshaw seconded, the insertion of the words "and laity." Mr. Collet, rose to order. He had understood that no motions were to be put that day. Mr. Tomkinson agreed. Mr. Colley moved, and Mr. Tomkinson seconded, that any objections made that day be simply taken down, and voted upon at a future meeting. Carried. Mr. Macdermott referred to the words "parochial organization" as likely to be misunderstood. His Lordship said the organization could only apply to members of their own Church. It need give no offence to members of other Churches any more than the words Bishop, Chapter- house, &c.; It was well known that they claimed no legal authority, no dominancy over any person who did not bind himself by their constitu tions. The Rev. Mr. Woodcock remarked that the eighth clause fully met the objection. It provided for the divi sion of the colony into districts, and went on to say that every such district should be called a parish. His Lordship said that point had especially been con sidered, so as to avoid giving offence. The words were originally, "shall be and be called a parish," but the words "be and" were purposely struck out. The Rev, Mr. Bagshaw thought such objections might be carried too far. On the reading of the second clause, His Lordship again explained that the Church here could not free itself from the law ecclesiastical of England. Mr Macdermott said, if the Imperial Parliament should pass fresh laws, they would not be operative here, and our branch of the Church would thus vary from the Church of England. His Lordship replied that the Imperial Parliament would not alter any doctrinal points without the consent of the bishops and clergy. Any laws relating to pa rishes, &c.; would not affect the colony. Mr. Macdermott would sooner add the words, "so far as may be applicable to the circumstances of this diocese." He should be sorry for them, in a young community, to bind themselves by ancient laws. His Lordship said they could not get rid of them. Mr. Macdermott in that case would leave out the clause. Their constitutions were their only law His Lordship said they would then become a free Church. Mr. Collet observed that if they threw aside their allegiances to England, there would he no appeal against a decision of the bishop. The Archdeacon saw no objection to the insertion of the words proposed by Mr. Macdermott. Mr. Gilbert said that objections of Mr. Macder mott were not shared in by the laity generally. At the present meeting he had stood alone. The Rev. E. H. Burnett asked whether the clause would admit of the custom, in use in some churches here, to separate the services so as to read the litany in the evening? His Lordship said the practice might continue, with his permission. His Lordship, at the request of Mr. Wicksteed, then read the three canons referred to in the clause. Mr. Tomkinson objected to the clause enacting that the constitution should be subject to the metropolitan jurisdiction of the Bishop of Sydney. His Lordship remarked, that in this case also, they could not alter the rules without declaring themselves an independent body. The Rev. Mr. Pollitt directed attention to the im portance of their possessing the power of abridging the liturgical morning service. It was a subject of frequent complaint that the service was too long, particularly dur ing the heat of summer, and when the Ordinance was administered. His Lordship said he had no authority to alter the liturgy; but a very delightful service might be held in the evening, by commencing with the litany, and includ ing the singing of a hymn. To that arrangement he would not object. TIME OF MEETING. Mr. Wicksteed moved that the Synod, on its rising, adjourn till 5 o'clock on the following evening. He thought there were many persons who would attend in the evening, whose business avocations would prevent their attending during the day. His Lordship suggested that they might, with con venience to all parties, meet from 9 to 11 in the morning and then adjourn till the evening. It was, after further discussion, determined that the meeting at its rising adjourn till 2 o'clock on the follow ing day. CONSTITUTIONS. The first chapter, relating to the general provisions of the Synod, was then discussed. Mr. Macdermott referred to the second clause, re quiring that all questions relating to doctrine should, in the first instance, be treated of by the Bishop and clergy either separately or together, He thought no subject affecting the doctrines of the Church should be decided without the concurrence of the three estates. His Lordship said, in reply to a question by Mr. Colley, that no decision of the clergy in such cases would become binding on the members of the Church, without the concurrence of the laity. All that was in tended by the clause was that the consideration of ques tions of doctrine should, in the first instance, be referred to the clergy. Their decisions must be referred to the Diocesan Assembly, without whose concurrence it could not be considered binding on the Church. The Rev. Mr. Bagshaw submitted that they had no authority to lay down a dogmatical decision on questions of doctrine. All they could do was to decide upon ques tions arising upon the doctrines and formularies they had already accepted; and with regard to such questions they must be bound by the decisions of the Church in England. As to the opinions of individuals, he would suppose a case of a difference of opinion respecting the meaning of the descent of Christ into hell. He might hold the opinion of Bishop Horseley, of Calvin, or others but if the synod could take up the discussion of such subjects, he feared they would enter upon a course fraught with peril. Mr. Macdermott remarked that as they had all agreed to the 39 Articles, they might in charity leave every one to hold his individual opinion upon subjects which were not of vital importance, His Lordship said, in reply to a question put to him, that the object of the clause was not to consider the opinions of an individual clergyman, but to provide a mode of procedure in case a difference of opinion on an abstract question of doctrine should unhappily arise. Dr. Duncan supposed a case in which a clergyman was accused of preaching false doctrine. In that case the clause would, he apprehended, apply. His Lordship again stated that the only object of the clause was to lay down a mode by which abstract ques tions should be considered. It was conservative of order and peace in its very essence. The Rev. Mr. Woodcock suggested the insertion of the word "abstract," before the words "question of doctrine." Supposing the question of the eternal sonship of Christ, his descent into hell, or another point of doctrine to agitate the Church, he apprehended the laity might bring it before the Diocesan Assembly if the clergy did not first discuss it. Mr. Jickling, as an unsophisticated layman, would suppose, on the coming Trinity Sunday, a clergyman to choose for his text the passage, "There are three that bear record in heaven," &c.; He was induced to believe, from Horne's annotations, and from other commentators, that the passage formed no portion of the Sacred Scrip tures. But in the event of the question being brought before the Diocesan Synod, would its discussion be in accordance with the clause then under consideration? His Lordship could only repeat what he had before stated, that no question could be entertained the adoption of which would have the effect of overriding the deci sions of the English Synod. The rubric defined what were the authorized Scriptures, and which must be re ceived as such. The several clauses were then agreed to. PAROCHIAL ORGANIZATION. The first eight clauses of the second chapter were agreed to without discussion. Sections 8 and 10 were passed with notices of verbal objection. Section 11 passed without objection. Section 12. It was suggested that "worshipping in the parish church" be inserted among the qualifications of vestrymen. Section 13, It was generally considered that the hours of vestry meetings should be left open, and not fixed for 12 o'clock noon. Section 14 passed. Section 15. Mr. Wicksteed suggested that in country places three instead of five should form a quorum. The sections up to No. 21 inclusive, referring to the details of vestry meetings, were passed with little comment. Section 22. Appointment of clerk, pew-openers, &c.; Mr. Tomkinson objected to these appointments being in the hands of the minister alone. The churchwardens ought to have a voice. Colonel O'Halloran agreed. The Rev. Mr. Woodcock thought it enough that the payment should rest with the wardens. The minister being answerable for the due conduct of Divine service, should have the appointment of the persons. Mr. Tomkinson remarked that he was churchwarden of Trinity, and had no power whatever, even as to the expenditure of the church funds. His Lordship— You see you have no model trust deed. (A laugh). Mr. Colley would leave the appointment to the vestry, instead of the minister and churchwardens. Notes were taken of both suggestions. Section 24, regulating the appointment of church wardens, was passed with a suggestion for a verbal alteration. Section 25. Minister to appoint second warden in event of the people failing to do so. Mr. Tomkinson objected to this, and a note was taken. The four following sections, relative to churchwardens and sidesmen, were passed without comment. CHAPTER III. — LICENSING OF MINISTERS. Section 30. Persons to be licensed for any parish, church, or chapel, shall subscribe declaration that he belongs to the United Church of England and Ireland, and express a willingness to obey laws ecclesiastical and these constitutions. His Lordship, in reply to Mr. Macdermott, said schools were elsewhere provided for. Sections 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, and 36, relating to appoint ments, suspensions, and revocations under the Bishop's seal, were passed. The Rev. Mr. Farr said he thought it would be desi rable to have deposited a copy of each licence with the churchwardens of the parish interested. His Lordship took a note of the suggestion. CHAPTER IV.— REGISTERED LAY MEMBERS OF CONGRE- GATIONS. Sections 37 and 38 proposed that every man and woman contributing as seatholders, or to the Pastoral Aid Fund of the diocese, a sum of not less than 12s. per annum, and joining from time to time in Church wor ship, be considered a lay member, and entitled to vote for a lay representative. It was suggested, and agreed to, that the words "and woman," should be obliterated. The Rev. Mr. Bagshaw earnestly urged the import ance of allowing none but persons in full churchmem bership to vote for lay representatives. For his own part he would prefer (he said) abandoning the payment qualification for the sake of securing a declaration of adherence to Church principles before an exercise of the franchise. His Lordship took a note, with the view of intro ducing a clause rendering it imperative to sign a decla ration previous to voting for a lay representative. CHAPTER V.— ELECTION OF LAY REPRESENTATIVES. Sections 39, 40, 41, and 42, providing machinery for convening meetings to elect lay representatives for the congregation, to set in the Diocesan Synod as synod- men, were agreed to. Section 43, referring to the place of meeting—"The vestry, if any, or some convenient place near the church," was agreed to. Section 44, providing that the meeting shall take place between the hours of 10 o'clock in the forenoon and 9 o'clock in the afternoon; was agreed to. Several succeeding sections were adopted with slight verbal alterations. As ladies were disqualified from voting, it was main tained that voters should attend, and that voting by proxy should not be allowed. Dr. Duncan maintained that a written expression of opinion on a particular point could not be considered a voting by proxy. Mr. Bartley opposed the principle of receiving voting papers from absent parties, as indifferent persons would sign, on solicitation such papers, without consi dering their effect. His Lordship took a note of the point raised. Section 51, providing that the churchwardens be scrutineers for the election of lay representatives, was considered. Mr. Wicksteed proposed that each meeting should elect its own scrutineers. His Lordship took a note of the recommendation. Section 52, providing for those having the greatest number of votes to be elected, was agreed to. Section 53, giving president of the meeting a casting vote in case of equality of votes, was agreed to. Section 54, providing for adjournment from day to day until a quorum of at least five registered lay members, in addition to the chairman, be in attendance, was carried. Section 55, providing for adjournment when, from un avoidable causes, voting is not completed in one day, was agreed to. Section 56, meeting to close when an hour elapses after last vote given, was agreed to. Sections 57, 58, 59, and 60, returns of elections to be made to the Bishop, within seven days after the elec tions, and providing for vacancies from non-election and otherwise, were considered. Mr. Wicksteed suggested that a list of persons quali fied to serve as lay members be prepared and exhibited in each church; all persons not signifying an unwilling ness to serve would be deemed eligible for election. His Lordship took a note of the suggestion, and the sections were agreed to. CHAPTER VI, — THE CONVENTION OF LAY REPRESENTA- TIVES. Section 61, giving one representative to each congre gation under 100 persons, and so en one for each 100, but limiting the representation for any congregation to six members, gave rise to some discussion, and it was finally resolved by His Lordship to take a note that not more than three members should be allowed to any congregation. Section 62, providing for the readjustment or represen tation as congregations increase, was agreed to. Section 63, proriding that the qualification of a lay re presentative shall be that he is a communicant, appa rently 21 years of age, not under ecclesiastical censure, and having signed a declaration of adherence to Church principles, was agreed to. Sections 64 and 65, further defining the qualification as to being a communicant, payment of £1 a year seat- rent, or to the Pastoral Aid Fund, and attendance at public worship, were agreed to. Section 66. Lay representatives to continue in office only till the end of the year for which they are elected or appointed. Agreed to. Section 67. Bishop to cause a list to be made out of the members of convention, which shall be evidence thereof. Agreed to. Sections 68, 69, and 70, defining the power of the convention to consider and report on any question to the synod, was agreed to. Section 71, giving power to lay representatives under these constitutions to propose questions for discussion at the yearly sessions relating to the laity of this Diocesan Church, was agreed to Section 72, limiting the powers and authorities to what those constitutions expressly or by implication confer, was agreed to. CHAPTER VII.— THE CHAPTER OF CLERGY. Section 73 declares the chapter to be constituted by the Dean, the Archdeacon, and all officiating Ministers of the Diocese. Sections 74, 75, 76, and 77, defining the powers and authorities of the chapter were agreed to without any remark. CHAPTER VIII. — YEARLY SESSION AND MEETINGS OF SYNOD. Section 78 provides for a yearly session; Section 79, whenever convened under these constitutions by the Bishop ; Section 80, and, until altered by the Synod, to be convened within five weeks after Easter week. Agreed to. Sections 81, 82, 83, 84, and 85, providing for the time and place of meeting, were agreed to. Section 86 provides that the quorum of a meeting of the Diocesan Synod shall be the Bishop and three mem bers of the Chapter in Priest's orders, and five Synod men. Agreed to. Sections 87, 83, 89, and 90, providing for adjournments, were agreed to. CHAPTER IX. — THE SECRETARIES OF THE DIOCESAN SYNOD. Sections 91 to 95 on this subject were agreed to, with the understanding that a paid clerk, not a member of the Synod, should be appointed. CHAPTER X.— POWERS OF THE DIOCESAN SYNOD. Sections from 96 to 102 on this subject were passed, with the modification that a majority can alter these constitutions for the first three years, after which there must be a majority of three-fourths of the clerical and lay elements present where such alterations are proposed. CHAPTER XI. — PROCEDURE OF THE DIOCESAN SYNOD, Sections 103 to 120 on this subject were discussed and adopted with some slight modifications. On the motion of Mr. R. B. Colley, the Synod ad journed until 2 o'clock next day. 