ADMINISTRATIVE RKFOBM. (From the Daily News, May 4.) The temperature of the atmosphere was ahnoat genial yesterday, though the wind still vixme from au easterly point. A few straggling Kwallows might he 'scon occasionally darting across the sky, and the breath of spring app.areclto have the same effect on our crowded metropolis as on a beehive On a saunter from AVaterioo-bridgjC to St. James's, about 3 p.m., the lounger migbt -have seen in succession iiixecer Alan disgorging crowds or votaries of both sexes, porters and others giving busy note of preparation for the Academy's exhibition n\ the National Gallery, and the dashing and jost ling of carriages attending tho drawing- room. Here were the representations of threo distinct social circles, all for the moment engrossed as exclusively by their own pursuits as if thoy had nothing in common. The be-plumed and be jewelled basket's in the sun of royalty, th-* ardent aspirants aftrsr fame by tho cultivation of tin) sense of the beautiful, tho earnest pro motors of schools, chanties, and missions, have but faint sympathies for each other's pursuits Had our lounger's range of observation em braced a wider circle, he might have seen our City men engrossed hi their commercial spg'.-u lations, the officials of our railways strenuously performing their hurried tasks as if thoy weiv the solo business of existence; sailors, whip p.irs, and wharfingers on tho river immersed in the cares of their occupations. Yet through the thoughts of all those classes — widely diversified as they arc by professional habits and tastes — was running all the while one com mon 'anxiot}', haunting thorn like a perturbed ghost, darkening their sunniest prospects in every intermittent pause of their ruling pas sions and ideas. And that thought was the unsatisfactory Btate of our War Administration, the grief which tho loss of friends and relations in tho East has brought homo to every domostie circle, the anxioii3 fear that Great Britain may be compelled to retire from tho contest in which she is engaged baffled, and with tarnished honor. This corroding thought is at tho moment rankling in the minds of tho myriads of inba bitants, not of the metropolis alone, but of the whole .empire . And it is already beginning to find an. articulate voice in public meetings, such as that which is to behold in the- city on Satur day, or -that which was held in Southwark on Tuesday. ? Tho cry for Administrative Reform, and for tho admission of ti new class of men into the. Councils of the State, as a means to that Reform, is being raised. Wo know that the foeblo and planless, members of those wuaics wxtu uu,vu iiioimi t».i ucuu i.uu uuiy uuiu petitors for power look with little anxiety upon these -incipient movements. They comfort i themselves by reflecting that no person is pre I pared with suoh a. matured and detailed plan of Administrative Reform as could obtain tho I sauctiou of the Legislature, or could bo carried 1 into effect by any Government ; that beyond I the mu'gio circle of exclusive place-holders and 3 place-hunters there aro no men sufficiently I known 'to the public to have their claims to era 1 ployment' effectively supported; that tho 1 jealousies of aspirants from tho unprivileged I classes will lead thorn to thwart and counteract I each other, that tho discords aud distrusts of 1 moderatemiddlc-class and radical working class 1 Reformers may be appealed to in order to para I lyse the action 'of both. These selfish and I sinister' calculations' are but too well warranted | by facts. Already wo hear mutterings against I the projected city movement, ou the assumption | that it is rnoant rather to promote the views of I ambitious individuals .than to assert a great I principle, and it may be that there aro some 1 'Prepared to take part in it solely for their own I aggrandisement. Tho first meeting of the B association from which tho Southwark meeting j| of Tuesdays originated was broken up by au H irruption; of Chartists.. Statements have reached U us from quarters entitled t'- credence, that H certain notorious: political hacks— -whose trade' IS it is to make the confidence they can win. by m reckless professions of extreme political opin H ions, subservient to the electioneering aim3 of II aristocratic employers and patrons — are busily H fanning the distrust with which tho working H classes are apt to look upon middle-class move H merits. And it cannot be denied that men's H opinions -pir the great question of Adininistra ' H tive Reform are as yet crude and formless ; H whilst tho great obstacle iu the way of forcing « new men iiito office lies in a certain inertness ffl and truckling spirit that clings to the great §9 bulk of the community. But these are the j§ same difficulties through which all our most H successful popular movements have had to H fight their way to' ultimate triumph. Catholic H Emancipation, Parliamentary and Municipal ij Reform, tho Repeal of the Corn Laws, have |a each and all of them,- -in their turn, been re Ig tarded by the same impediments. The most j| dangerous enemies of progress are to be found « , among falso aud' injudicious ; Mends. The H -.??' ? strength of the champions of abuses, is loss in if themselves than, in , the weaknesses- and vices M ? of their assailants. Wo place these considcra M . tions — in all tixe naked rcpulsivoness of truth — H before the advocates of Administrative Roform, H not for the purpose of deterring them, but that H thoy may know the real nature of the struggle H upon which they are entering.; and arm them M solves with the patience, wariness, and in H flexible determination .which alono can ensure f& victory. ? . . H At tha-present stage of- the movement, we Bj confess we are disposed to 'attribute more im 9 ' portauco to appeals to tho electoral body than ? to attempts to promulgate any definite, and fa comprehensive scheme of Administrative Re H form. Tho subject is top vast. and too new to M admit of a hope that any satisfactory measure H can bo propounded at the moment. Such an w attempt would, be likely to disunite the friends m. of the principle by setting them to squabble HJ about details. But in the present relations of M partios in the House of Commons, a dissolution M cannot be far distant;' and the electors through !g out tho kingdom ought to be animated and 9 encouraged to look out for, and strenuously M support, reliable candidates, Their sense of m, ahame ought to be wrought upon to rouse them |I to a determination- to emancipate themselves Hj ' from tho indolent, short-sighted selfishness B which has mado them succumb to systematic Eh bribery and intimidation. They cannot read HJ the dobates in tho House of Commons without m feeling that .the great mass of their present ?j representatives are utterly contemptible, both m in respoct of principle and intellect. The truth H ought to be forced home upon them, that it is H their own fault that they. are so represented, H and that they themselves are tho sufferers from If it. For this task we neod not ono Metropolitan H Association, but a multitude of local assoeia H tjous, the spontaneous growth of their respec tive jouunues. n is a matter ot tue most per I feet indifference by what name they aro called, or whether they correspond and co-operate with each other. The one thing needful is, that each should work earnestly, and conscientiously, and indi fatigobly in its own district. It is only thus that the debasing and deleterious influence of electioneering agencies, centralised in the j political cliibs and coteries of the metropolis, j vith their affiliated knots of jobbers in the pro i vinces, can be counteracted. Aud only by I putting an end to this intluonco can we look for r Administrative Reform, and an infusion of new I blood into the Councils of the State. I Philosophy. — Instead of saying things to 1 make people store and wonder, say what will I withhold them hereafter from wondering and I staring. This is philosophy.: to make remote 1 things tangible, common things ? extensive] y 1 useful, useful things extensively common, mid 1 to leave tho least necessary for the last. I Thoy and Seiustopol. — The siege of Sebusto I pol has been compared to that of Troy. — There I is one important difference between the two | sieges. Iu the latter there was but one Nestor I among tho besiegers ; in the former thero are 1 many, but they unfortunately aro Nestors in I - nothing but senility .—Pncuh. ? 