Miscellaneous Extracts. Tnn CAPTAIN- Puzzr.nn ¡ on, " Wmcrt is TTIB I CUIJ'RIT ?"-I must now pauso, to relato an in- ! foresting little adventure which befal Job about I this period of our North Sea cruise, livery . Ulcer has his servant to wait on him during i dinner, and one day a plump roast fowl was I missed by tho mes* steward. The marino ser- ! vants were suspected. Job was one, and tho I other an Irishman named Phelim O'Flnherty, j tho property of our friend Morgan. They were j both ordered into the steward's berth to be ! searched. I had a painful presentiment that tho j fowl would bc found in Job's pocket, but I did j the poor fellow a gross injustice. Thero was a ' great contention and struggling, and the mnster at-nrms (who generally ofliciates as tho ship's constable or polico officer) was sent for in haste. I was sent for nlso, nnd found Flowers kneeling on that officer's chest. I pulled him off, and offered to make myself responsible for his good conduct. "Did you take tho fowl, Job?" I : asked. "If so, tell thc truth at once." " No, sir ; I am innocent, ns T hope to be saved." " Do you know who took it ?" " l"e.«, I do." " Will you tell ?" " No, Sir, they shall flay mo alivo first ; I will not bring a comrade into trouble." "Quito right. Job ; I would discharge you from my service if you did." Presently ono of tho boys who waited on the second lieutenant was discovered with the fowl in his possession. Ho stoutly protested his owu personal purity, but was seized up quickly, and tho boatswain's mato ! had already raised his arm to strike. " Ilold !" cried Mr Phelim O'Flnherty ; " that lad is inno- cent ; seize mc up, I stole tho fowl." - Do as he bids you,'' said Captain Nettlingharn ; "wo must hnvo no thieves herc." " Avast there," inter- rupted a melancholy-looking marine, pushing his way forward ; " I am tho culprit, if you jilease, gentlemen, and must receive tho flogging. I was il!, and happened to say that I should liko a bit of fowl by way of relish, so Phelim O'Fla hcrty sworo by St Patrick that I should havo it. If you please, peutlomen, Tam tho culprit, and wish to be flogged." Captain Ncttlinghnm stroked his chin, then rubbed his n< se, then pulled his whisker (which waa always a good sign), then turning to Mr O'Flaherty and pinch- ing his ear, said, " Von dog, if you want a plump fowl for a sick man in future, go to thc steward and say so ; I forgive you this time, sir, get away to your quarters. Mr Morgan, bo so good as to keep a sharp eyo on yondor vnrlet ;" and to tho great satisfaction of overybody, tho case was dismissed. Sr.Avr. SUFFERINGS.-Another limo Stevens went to see a innn hanged at Millidgoville, and his wife set mo to cut broom-corn during his ab- sence. J accidentally broke tho knife, in two places, iii an attempt f mnde to cut moro stalks in a handful, and so get through more work. I took the knife up to his wife, but when her hus- band carno buck she told him I had done it for devilment, that I might not havo to do any more work. So ha called mo up and asked mo about it. I told him tho truth, nnd showed him how tho accident happened. It was easy to see I was telling tho truth, but ho called mo many hor- rible names, swore I was lying, nnd "flogged mo for an hour with tho cow-hido. Ste- vens secmod to havo a spito «gninst me, especi- ally after a particular timo, when a mare in the team I used to drivo died. She got ovcr-hcated in the field, nnd would not cat her corn when I put her up at noon. I noticed it when I took her out again, in about an hoar after, not know- ing she was not fit to work. She dropped down »nd died in the plough, I was sent to tell my master to como and see tho marc, and on my way, stopped in tho stable, and shifted the un- eaten corn out of thc mare's bin into another, sub- stituting tho cobs that tho other horso had left. I did this lest Stevens should go into tho stable, and seo that tho mare had not eaten nor corn, and he should flog mo for taking her out undor those circumstances. Tho artifice succeeded so far, thnt he attributed thc marc's death to her being overheated in tho sun ; hut this did not save mo from a Tory severe flogging. From this timo he led me a dreadful life, and become so savage to me, I used to dread to sro him coming. I hnd only too good reason for my fenrs. I was plough- ing ono day, some long timo after tho mare died, with whnt wo call a buzzard plough. It is made so as to cnt under thc roots of tho grass nnd weeds that choke tho cotton, and must bo used carefully, or it will go too deep, and leave tho roots of the cotton-plant exposed to thu sun. when the plant will wither and die. The share was loose on thc helve, and would not run true, so I conld not do my work truly or well, as I had to keep stooping down to set tho share true. Ste- vens saw me, carno up and asked mo why I did not plough better. I explained to him, why, and showed him that tho plough ran-foul. I stooped for this purpose, and tras denning thu dirt off the shnro with my hands, when he viciously raised his foot, which was heavily shod, and uncxpecttdly dealt mu a kick with all his might. Tho blow struck mo right between tho eyes, breaking tho bono of my nose, and cutting the leaders of thc right oyo, so that it turned quito round in its socket. I was stnnncd for tho moment, and fell, my mouth filling with blood, which also poured fruin my noso and eyes. In spite of tho pain, and though I could scarcely sec, I got up nnd re- sumed my work', continuing it until tho evening. ? John Glasgowthan doctored my eye. Ho washed tho blood from my face, aud got a" ball of tallow, andan old handkerchief from Aunt Sally, thc cook up nt tho house. Ho gently pressed the ball of tallow, mado wami, against the displaced cyo, until he forced it buck into its proper position, when ho put some cotton over it, and bound it up with the handkerchief. In about a fortnight J was nillo to havo the ban dago removed, but my eye remained rory bad, and it was moro than two months before I could lise it at nil. The other oyo was nlso seriously affected, the inflnmmntion hnving extended to it. I have never bcon able to see BO ? well since, and cannot now look long at print without sulfuring much pain. Tho let- ters seem cloudy. To this day my right eyo lins remained out of its proper place.-Slave Lifts in Giorgia. Jt. YANKEE*ATTORNEY; ON CAPITAL PUNISIT I MEKT.-Tho following oration was delivered ' sornewhore in Wisconsin, byonoof tho profession. , ! who wouldscera to have Quite an aversion to capital j punishment:-' May it'pleaso your lordship and gentlemen of tho jury,-tho caso is as clear as ice, and sharp to tho pointas . No ' ' frontijour sweetheart. Tho Scripture saith, 4 TJiouvihalt not killV now, if you hang my client, .you trans- gress the command as slick ns grease;, and as plump as a goose ogg in a loafer's fnco. Gntle nien, murder is murder, whether committed hy twelve jurymen,"or by an humble individual like my cliont. ' Gentlemen, I do nut deny the fact of my client having killed a man, but is that any reason why you should do so? No such thing, gentlemen; you. may bring tho prisoner .-in '-guilty;' the,hapgman may dojiis'dhty; Imf will 'that "oxrmcrato you? ' No such thing; in that case you will all bo murderers. Who among you is prepared for the brand of Cain to bo stamped upon his brow to-dny? Who, freemen -who in this land of liberty and light? Gen- tlemen, I will pledge my word not one of you has a bowie knife 'or a pistol in his pocket. No, gentlemen, your pockets are odoriferous with tho perfumes of cigar-cases and tobacco. You can smoke tho tobacco of rectitude in the pipe of n peaceful conscience; but hang mv unfortunate client, and the scaly alligators of remorse will gallop through the internal principles of animal vertebra, until the spinal vertebra» of your anatomical construction is turned int > a railroad, j for tho grim and gory goblins of despair. Gen-l tlcmen, I adjure you", by the manumitted ghost j of temporal sanctity, to do no murder. I adjuro | you by tho nnmo of woman, tho mainspring of ¡ the tickling, timepiece of time's theoretical trans- migration, to do no murder! I adjure you, by tho lovu you have for tho esculent and eondi mentnl gusto of our native pumpkin, to do no murder! I adjure you, hy thc stars set in the flying ensign of your emancipated country, to do no murder! I adjuro you, by the American Faglo tltat whipped tito "universal game cock of crendon, and now sits roosting on tho magnetic telegraph of time's illustrious transmigration, to do no murder. And Instly, gentlemen, if you ever expect to wear long-tailed coats-if you ever expect free dogs not to bark nt you-if you ever expect to wear boots rando of the free hido of tito rocky mountain bu Halo-nnd, to sum up all, if you ever oxpect to bc anything but a set of sneaking, loafing, rascally", cut-throated, braided small ends of humanity, whittled down into indistinctibility, acquit my client, and save your country.' Tho prisoner was acquitted. Tun DitowNun SBA aux.-While tho cutter was being hoisted up, the crew were lifting up tho sunken head, getting brandy, nnd tearing thc clothes off to rub him; hut ns the light fell on his face, and tho doctor felt his pulse, nnd put his var to his mouth, there wns sad suspense and silence. When ho said, I fenr ho's gono," thero wns a moan and sigh hero and there. " It's Harry Armstrong, thc captain of tho maintop," was spoken out, as though this were » loss indeed. Fino fellow! there ho lay as they ship- ped him. Tho luce of no easy death-struggle, yet so frnnk and simple; thu oyo closed and sunken, that was koon ns a hawk's. Dark busily whiskers, and ear-rings; and before the Guern- sey jacket was cut oit, " 1I.M.SX.," in white letters, lay across his broad chest ¡ and under n«AVh,'wlien tho pallid arms and breast wero un- covered, that hud dono their work so well, tho lanterns displayed bluo ships and anchors marked deeply on the skin; mid in the middle of that strong breast, above the heart, nnd on tho right arm of valour and muscle, were engraven 44 a cross"-not n crucifix, hut " a cross." Sublime and touching symbol 1 How is it that lt prevails and penetrates everywhere? that it readies tho borders and outlines of nil human misery? that its voice is heard outside nil sorrowful anil sinful hearts, saying, "Behold, 1 stand at thu door and knock." It is complimented mid used in a way for adornments, and for oras and holidays; at fonts, graves and buildings, religious days, &c; but it is kopt outside. Philosophy, litoratuie, politics, civilization, use it to servo und nxalt themselves, and now moro thnn ever, but will not bow to it. It is kept outside. It is there, it is everywhere, and knocking everywhere; but it is outside. It might have been otherwise with this poor fellow. 1 lo had it outsido, it is true. "God triss thc reins." If it were engraven within, too, tho mighty death of which that speaks lins swal- lowed up his, and Harry Armstrong's faco will ihamc, sensibly, some ot us in another light ero lons, for " thc sea will give up tho dead that are In it." * » * Tho Isle of Wight -Dunmore -tho Vanlight vessel, Sic, were near nt daylight the following morning, and while gently gliding up to Spithead, six or eight of tho chief men of tho fine crew ramo aft with their low hats off, necks open, pulling up their trousers-tight ns they were round tho loins, full at tho ankles, and enormous strings to their shoes, and bowing, asked, " If they might speak to tho first lieu- tenant." " Well, my lads, what is it!" "Why, your honor, you see, wo'vo been thinking, foru sud aft nil alike, that is all of us beforo the mast, that wo should like to help tho poor widowed thing, as she'll have no ono to stand by, now Harry's gono, and for old shipmate's sake wo iroulil like to give a week's pay and grog to her ind her small craft, if not against orders;-nnd we've come to ask your honor to speak to the captnin; and if this is thrown with the other dibs got from his traps (and hero ho stummored a little, and pulled up his trousers us high us could be), it mny' be she'll wernher tho sturm for & little, at least till tho young 'unsare launched." ' Aro you sure thnt all hands aro of one mind in this?" " Ves, Sir; we went round nt mess time yesterday. It is as though tho old ship spoke herself." " Then wo must join you nit, too. I'll speak to Captain D. nt once." Ho did so. Jt needs no word to provo the joyfulness of Ids consent, and the smile of pleasuruthot lighted tip his dark yet tranquil face; norlhnt he and all tho oflicers, and C. Webster too, added all they :ould to mitigato tho dreary blow so soon to fall ju the widow's life.-Hali's Solditrs and Sui 'ort. A curious point oflaw.cnmo'beforo Vice-Chan :ellor Stuart in the caso' of- Jtitson v. Harrison. An ostato in England had becu;Ieft to tho " hoir nt-lnw" of ono Thomas Harrison. But Harri- son's only son-naturally- tho heir-at-law- was born in tho United States in 1773, ten years be- fore langland recognised tho independence of tho United States. Tho next of kin now claims tho estate on the ground that this sou is an alien. Tho vice-Chancellor scumed to coincide with this viow, but reserved lu's judgment. iNTisnKsriNo DOMESTIC DISCOVERY.-It was Napoleon or Múdame Do Stael, who faid that "if you scratched a Russian, you would (ind a Tartar underneath." Jones (of Marylebone) goes further than this, for he says " thnt he has only got to scratch his wife, and he catches a Tar- tar instantly." An eccentric correspondent wishes to know whether Lancaster, tho inventor of tho modern gun, is descended from his namesake, the cele- brated promoter of national education. Tho in- genious enquirer founds his observation on thc fact of nue having directed tho aims of youth, mid thc other teaching tho yoting idea how tc shoot. tfs THU FIRST WOUWD.-Tho first mnn wounded in tho Crimea was a Paymaster Serjeant of thc 13th Light Dragoons. Ho was ordered in from to reconnoitre, the tiny before tho battle of thc Almn. After ascertaining tho whereabouts ol thc Russians, the party retreated, when tho scr> jcant's left foot was shot off bv a 241b. canner ball, anil tho same shot brnko tho fore leg of lib horse, notwithstanding which, ho cantered witl his rider thrco quarters of n mile afterwards tc join his. regiment.- Vnittd Service Gazciú. I TlïE RUSSIAN AND THE ZoiTAVI).-It WilS [ sonic timo ago stated in thc papers »hat an old I Kassian naval officer at Sebastopol had a can j non brought into tho street by his sorvnnts, mid amused himself by firing at tho besiegers. From time to time tho Franc» tireurs picked oft" tho scrvnuts, but thoy were daily renewed.hy others, and overy attempt of tho host marks- men to hit tho old oflieer lind failed. Tho ; .Prtme now publishes a letter from Sebastopol, : stating that ono of tho Zouaves lins been nuire I fortunato. Tho Zouvo had m nil o a bolo in the ¡ earth to conceal himself, nnd watched for tho appearance of the officer. Tho first day.ho fired in vain, but next day one of tho balls struck tho Russian, who fell dead on his gun. . ? An Englishtriiiu '. was purchasing'"" ii. efgnE,n." "'. dny or two sinco in a shop on tho BoulevardsVX when a cabmnn como in to buy tobacco. " ls it true," said he, addressing a Frenchman, " that SOOO Englishmen kept the field against 45,000 Russians until Bosquet enme up, and that in company with our soldiers they oharged tho enemy and killed 9000?" "Yes." "Then, al- though I havo always hated thc English, ami thought them false and perfidious, if nn ICiig lishman were now to full into tho Seine, I would jump after and try to save him, though I can't swim a stroke. Herc are heroes; why tho Old Guard could never have dono .more; mid to think they arc Englishmen, whom I have been hating all my life! But it is never too lute to learn." SKUVANTS IX RUSSIA.-An amusing nnecdoln was told me by a French lady. One of her countrywomen was engaged ns dressing-maid tn a Indy of rank in Itussia. Ono dny, whilo combing out her mistress's long black hair, she hurt her head. Thc lady turned round mid gave n slap on thc face. The Frenchwciiinn, who hnd hold of her hair, which she was on the point of tying, so that it was all gathered toge- ther in hoi*hand, grasped it tightly, and then in- flicted a sound correction on tho Indy's cars with the hair-brush. Perhaps it may bc thought that sho was immediately punished by being taken to tho polico, or nt least summarily dismissed from the household. Fur from it-the maid knew thc character of the Russians well,and nlso what she was about; she was perfectly aware that her mis- tress would not dari: to expose her, on account of tho disgrace to herself - for it would havo been nn indelible ono for a noble to have been beuten -in nny placo but Count OrlolV's office-mid es- pecially hy a menial; she therefore nat only took the whole quietly, but presented tho ninid willi 30 silver roubles mid a new gown to buy her silence. A Qwi'.T LADY'S HACK.-In thc Court of Common Pleas, on Friday and Saturday week, was tried au action, of Corsollis v Turnor. It was brought by tho. plaintiff, a solicitor, to re- cover dnmages for thu alleged breach of warranty priven by tile defendant, n horso-denter, in Kingston vale, on tho sale to the phiintill" of n mare. It appeared that during hist year, bor o exerci o having been recommended for Mrs Cor- sollis, tho plaint iff purchased for his wife ibo maro in question, and at thc timo of such pur- chase received from tho defendant a warranty that she was "quiet for common nnd tide saddle." At first tho animal seemed tolerably quiet, and this was nceouutoil for by lim fuer thnt alia was in low condition. Very shortly, however, nftcr she came into tho possession of tho plaintiff sho ran away with Mrs Corscllis, rubbed tho leg of Mr Corsellis's brother again.- 6 a wall, ran away with the plaintiff, ami finally, after having misconducted herself grossly in every possible mnnnor, on being taken out by ii Mr Ilnmbcr, nn Oxford man. now reading for thc bar-who snid ho was a gooil rider and used to hunting-pitched him over her bend is such a manner that ho turned a somersault in tho nir heforo ho reached tho ground. According to thc ovldence of the plaintiff, his purchase never went even passably well unless accompanied by a pony, being in this ícspcct, ns Mr Sergeant Wifkins obsorved, like tho butcher's horse,-who would not go without the basket. It appeared furthor, thnt, nftcr thc plaintiff lind returned her, the defendant himself rode her to thc hoiico of Mr Corsollis, mid, although ho thou stated thus she was as quiet ns a lamb, on his attempting to induce her to proceed on her wuy home, sho bolted with him into nn ironmonger's shop, roared on to some railings, nnd was only got oil" by thc application of a series of vigorous pnlta by the ear. Tho plaintiff* cnllcd seven witnesses in support of his case, and from their ovidcueo it would nppcnr that u moro vicious and incor- rigible brute than tho maro in question never existed. Sometime after thu plniutiil* had re- turned her to thc defendant, tho hitter, hearing that Mr Corsollis had bought another horse in her placo, sent her down to Wandsworth, and tied her to tho gato of tho plaintiff's resident*« there, whoncc sho was taken to tho pound, and subsequently sold at Smithfield. Tho defenoo was, that tho marc, when sold lo the plaintiff, answered in nil respects to the terms of tho warranty; that shu was quiet, lind been ridden hy a lady, thnt sho had a fine mouth, good pncu.i, and, in short, that she was all but perfect, and that Mr Corsellis and Iiis wife, being totally ig- norant of horsemanship nnd horses, had taught her all tho tricks complained of, and utterly spoilt, her. In support of his view of the case tho defendant called numerous witnesses, nnd Mr Gifford (in tho nbsenco of Mr Sergeant. Slice), having summed up tho evidence, and Mr Ser- geant Wilkins having made a most humorous reply, thc jury, nftor n careful summing up from Mr Justice Crowder, returned a verniet for thu plaintiff. Damages, X2S.-Uell'i Life in Lyn- don. BitiTisii MIDDIES.-What a softening, inex- pressible grace is lent to u man- of-war hy the middies ! It ia particularly striking nftcr living in a camp exclusively composed of mature men. Tho nrmy has nothing corro.-pondiug to these pretty.little follows, who, with their rosy cheeki, resemble their mamas much moro than they do the heroes they aro ono day to be. To meet them too, in tho midst of stern work ; and with tho knowledge that it was but thc other day that tho poor boys wore ducking thoir curly heads and laughing, amidst Bhot nnd sholl-possibly with about thc same sense of nd venturo as if it hail boon a gamo at snow-balls ! Never dream of degeneracy in a laud where mothers thus de- voto their offspring. Talk of Spnrta-of Rome ! England alono rocks her children on thu wave, and war is tho " wolf " which suckles them. A TESTIMONIAL.-Dear Doctor, I will be 175 years old next October. For 03 yours I havo been an invalid, unable to move except when stirred with a levor ; but a year ago last Thursday I heard of the Graniuuhir Syrup, I bought a little bottle, smelt of the cork, und found myself a new man. I can now run twelve miles and a half nu hour, and throw nine double som- erset* without stopping. P.S.-A little nf your Aliciimstoutum ¡Salvo applied to tho wooden leg reduced n compound fracture in 10 minutes, and is now covering the limb with a fresh cuticle of whito gum pine bark.-American papar. ETTY'S WEAKNESS TOR " DIUNIUNO "-Ono foggy night during IIÍB latter yeats, idough hav- ing promised his niece to stay at hume, he, ns not tinscldom happened, could not ro.-ist tho temptation of sallying out to thu Academy.. She, on following in quest, is mot by'ía friend, ,v**ho tells her, he "lind passed a di nuken man;'î .; shortly nftcr, ns she had expected, encounters a couple of men, bringing the supposed drunkard home. Sometimes ho would bo sent homo in a cab. ''I confess my sin," raplics Etty, (in hin Autobiography,) to" his calumniators. "I nm fond of drinking ; but only n harmless beverage -tea."- Gi'vhrict't Life of Witliim Etty, , n.A. ' ? * 