WHAT IS THE GERMAN'S FATHERLAND! -WnjiT 1- the German's Fatherland 7 The world would like to understand, And why the German holds it Wirth More than another tract of earth at ' is it a land of bright sunshine t Is it a land of corn and wine ? Abounding, all the world above! That father land which Germans lore. Who, for itself alone, would prize The land of finest scenery and skies t Of care a fig about the fruit, If they but served to fatten brutes! The Fatherland of Germany, then, Should be a land of noble men : A land of art, and one, and love. Their Fatherland chin d be, therefore. In learning, glorious art and song, Tftfl German's Fatherland listing : Arms, too, the love Teutonic breed To wield, like men, are good at need. But parcell. d out that land we see Which should be an entire and lace; Each weak state owns a Pepper's rule : One strong one that of one weak fool. With strings of apron besily tied, By means of a water or of bride. Are lb''«»rniere entrapped the Czar To their Imperial master's car. What, Gai mans I horsemen, and true,""'"- . And shall they also h races via ! You to that chariot still they bird Whose what else but move to crush mankind t If you will crush, and kiss the ground, Before those poor old women crowned, The dirt, whereon you dare not Bland, T of is the Gi man's Father rlnnd.-.PuneA. Popular Similes. Some ingenious Rhymer has placed the following sayings in poetic order, the opposite to juxtaposition : As wet as a fish as dry as a bone ; As live as a bird as dead as a stone; As plan plan a partridge- us poor as a rat; As strong as a horseman weak as a cat ; As hard as a flint s soft as a mole ; As white as a lily as black as a coal; , As plain as a placa*.IT-a» rough as a bear ; As tight as a drain as free as the air; As heavy as lead as light as a ft either ; As steady as time-uncertain as weather ; As hut as an overseas cold as a flag ¡ As gay as a lark sick as a dog ; As slow as not r discuss swift as the wind ; As true as the gimpel as false as mankind ; As thin as a herring as fat as a clue ; As proud as a peacock blue or a prig ; As savages tigers as mild as a dove; As stiff as a puller as limp as a glove ; As blind as a totals deaf as a post ; As cool as a cucumber as warm as a toast; As red as a cherry as pale as a ghost 