SAILING OF THIS NICARAGUAN EXPEDITION FROM SAN FRANCISCO. (From the Alta California, May 5.) At last the famous Walker Expedition has sailed. The brig Vesta, Captain Richard Eyre, left our harbour yesterday morning at 1 o'clock, and quietly proceeded on her passage. The brig had been lying for some days at Stewart- street Wharf, under attachment; after the raising of this attachment, she was still detained by the County Sheriff for fees of office, amounting to 350 dollars. Deputy Sheriff Purdy had the vessel in charge, and was very contentedly observing the movements of the motley crowd on board, never dreaming of the real intention of going to sea that night. About 12 o'clock, Colonel William Walker requested the Deputy to step below and examine some papers which it was necessary to see by candle-light, and Mr. Purdy being on the best of terms with the commander, he accompanied him, when he was coolly informed that the vessel would get under way at once, and that no violence would be offered should he (the Deputy), remain quietly below. In fact he was a prisoner to all intents and purposes. The fastenings were now noiselessly let go ; the steam tug Resolute (fit name for the nature of the enterprise) glided alongside, and in n few moments the gallant vessel was swiftly shooting past the city, and out to sea. The Heads cleared, the tug let her go, and away she sped under a press of sail to the south-westward, with a stiff northwest breeze after her. So the famous Walker Expedition is at last off. The character of the men composing this party is far better as regards capacity and morals than that of the Sonora Expedition, and some of that number are among these. The number, including officers, is fifty-six. They are splendidly armed and equipped, have a uniform and a fine band of music, a great desideratum among the Nicaraguans, who attach great importance to the "pomp and circum- stance of glorious war." Every man has a rifle, two large naval Colt's revolvers, a bowie-knife, and its much more armament as the fancy of the person might dictate. There are no field pieces on board. The Deputy Sheriff was kindly treated while detained below, treated with cigars and champagne, and recommended to keep cool and make himself perfectly comfortable. He was carefully deposited on board the Resolute on her return, and landed safely in town yesterday morning. The little army sent back repeated and hearty cheers to the steamer, after she cast off, which were heard dis- tinctly over the sea after her distance had given her the appearance of a ghost. She was soon a white speck in the moonlight. The following are the names of some of the principal persons on board known to us, though there were many more celebrities in the ranks whose names we could not obtain. As the organization was to be effected after her departure, we do not give the rank. Colonel William Walker, Commander-in-Chief; A. L. Kewen (probably to be second in command) ; James Shackleford (nephew of General Estell) ; R. T. Merri- man (brother of Lieutenant Merriman of the United States schooner Marcy); Edward Higgs, Charles Turn- bull (of Sacramento); Edward Rawl (of New Orleans), James McNab, B. F. Williamson, F. Anderson, James Connelly, George Leonard, John Marcum, Colonel Hornsby, Thomas Kennedy, Charles Brogan, James Sands-in all 56. Mr. A. L. Kewen is a younger brother of E. J. C. Kewen, Esq., of this city; he was in the Cuban Expe- dition, under Lopez, and took the fort at Cardenas, garrisoned with twenty-four men, with nineteen Americans; he afterwards escaped to Key West. Mr. Williamson was a Lieutenant in the Mexican war; Colonel Hornsby was also in the American war; as were nearly all of the above- mentioned. No person has been allowed to join this expedition who could not bring satisfactory proof of previous military service, or were well known as men of courage and determination in San Francisco. The Vesta will proceed directly to Amapala, in Tigre Island, Bay of Fonseca, where the expedition will be thoroughly organized. It has not yet been decided which route to take from Tigre Island into Nicaragua; by the Estero road to Tampiske, and thence through Chinamleza to Leon, the head-quarters of Don Francisco Casteller, and a distance by land-travel of some forty- eight miles over a level country-or to the port of San Lorenzo, on the Bay, and thence through the great cattle hacienda of San Bernardo, to Leon ; both are feasible and easy routes, and the intermediate country, at the last accounts, in the hands of the Castillon party. Mules will be furnished on time for the entire party, at San Bernardo, by the proprietor, who is strongly com- promised on the Democratic or Casteller side, and per- haps the wealthiest citizen of Nicaragua. Great hopes of the enterprise are entertained in this city, as the expedition sails under the direct authority and by the express invitation of the existing Govern- ment of Nicaragua. The matter prudently managed, and no excesses committed, may ripen into a powerful American influence being permanently established in Centrnl America. Not less than 75,000 acres of land being pledged by actual treaty to Walker and his men, should they succeed in quieting tho Chamorro party and restore Nicaragua to peace. The original intention of landing at Realejo, or San Juan del Sur, was ultimately abandoned. 