GOLD OI-'FICF, B O.LAAIUT. DEI- HT. \- ay., tiwi. £ s. .Coll and money on drp-is'.t 14th Ally, 1335 .. 27,158 5' d/30 8 Dapcs leddurlng lae noel:. liligi! noo O Withdrawn, e'itto.,. i S,7i5 8 bil, ,Q Ba'ancc on 19th..'. 28,042 15 5158 8 rEnE¡C0BT0x23Rn3fAY. ' ' " ey,', dwt. £ To Melbourna from Ballaarat..?. 19 512 10 'MS.blS To Mo1 bourne frjin Creswick. 3,630 10 - To Gee-long from Ral'nnra'.-. 1H2 10 ' 4,241 "ToGeslo g ironi Crcjwick.:. . 173 15 " - Total.,. 23,169 5, 21,059 CANDIDATES ron B.YLT.AATIAT.- WO havï heard the names of live gentlemen mentioned as likely to con- test the seats tor Ballaarat and Creswick. These are Messrs. Wi si garth and W. Muir, merchants; and Messrs. Aspinall, Copa, mid Dunne, barristers. The fout first-named are not yet before the public, there- fore we 3hall rufraia from making any longthy com- ments upon their qualifications - and the last, Mr. Dunne, though avowedly in the field, will be, for this time, easily dismissed Mr. Westgarth is a deeply read politician of the " progressive school." He has, perhaps, done more to raise the character of the colomy throughout Europe than any other man in Australia ; he is an author oí no mean repute, and has ever used his pen to promote the best interests of the colony. Mr. Muir is a Melbourne merchant, who is deeply in- terested in this district ; he is a member of the Cham ?ber of Commerce, and has given expression to liberal and progressive views, especially in reference to the land system. Of the batch of barristers, two have considerable claims on the mining community. Mr. Aspinall is a young man of very considerable* ability, and took a leading part in defending the Ballaarat State prisoners ; his very instincts are liberal, and his colonial career, though shoit, has given promise of future greatness. Mr. Cope is a gentleman occupy ^ ing a good position at the bar, and since his arrival ' among'us he has ever been found advocating the cause I of the people. Last comes the actuil candidate, Mr. Dunne. - We certiinly were somewhat astonished when wo heard that this gentleman was really a can- didate, and trie'd to frame some excuse for the apparent cool assurance that hud led him to seek the suffrages of the people. We looked back, and inquired what were the merits of this gautleman,-what noble con- duct he had displayed to entitle him to A stfat in our Parliament,-and we were usable to discover the ghost of n shadow of an act of his that has given the smallest indication of fitness for senatorial deliberation. We found he had been present at one public meeting, upon which occasion he displayed an amount of irrita- bility of temper anything but desiiable ii a represen- tative ; that he appears in our police courts, and is certainly a groat man ; but no one ever dreamed that he had given even the most Lilliputian indication of mental 'greatness. We tiicd agutí and again to fix our thoughts on the manifestation of one solitary trait of political character that would justify his thus early thrusting himself forward for a post of political trust. .But in vain.-Ballam at Times. BENDIGO.-Sandhurst, May 22,-Water is extremely siarce, or at ali events very difficult to be found ; and the gold-digger, while his imagination has invested this inexplicable scrub, with the idea of extraordinary richness, ha3 hithcito shrunk baili -ti from the attempt to penetrate its mysterious labyrinths. Gradually, however, his enterprise ii opening up tholen a incognita. From the confines of Sydney Flat and White Horse Gully, gully by gull)-,-he is pjnetra'ing the scrub and clearin»away the thiele brushwood. The gold, forma- tion of Bendigo certainly rxtends Into the scrub a con- siderable way, for it lies in the d'rtetion of the strike bf the gold rocks, and gold has been found in varying quantities at more places than one. The question whether j» profitable and extensive field will be opened here or not rennins, however, as yet undetermined. A favourable solution .will do a great deal for Bendigo. -The quantity of gold forwaràed to town by the escort on Tuesday last was 8023 ounce. Of cash there was consigned the large amount of £17,474 10s. From Heathcote, 325 ounces were smt. The deprsits for the week anrunttd to 710 ouices 10 dwts. The authorities here are actively engaged in cullcctieg the Chinese of the district into uno place, where they can be under more immediate supervision than when scat tered throughout the diggings. Many persons, anti- cipate -¡beneficial effects from this -»isolation, "of the Chinese i anil there can be no doubt that it will place HheseipeoplCjmore under special control than hitherto. .But tiiis seems to ba"a very poor balance to the un- questionable evils which must result from the aggre- gation aid isolation of' any pirti ular class of people. 'It is quietly ignoring all that has been demonstrated throughout the civilised world of the benefits which result from aoei.íl intercourse among the inhabitants of different countries, and the breaking down of tho'o artificial barriers between man and man, which have been raised by differences of habit«, of language, and of religion. Bettor hy far banish evtry Chinaman out of the colony than, by a system'ofisolation, peipctuate those prejudices of ignorance which unrcstiicted inter- course alone can remove. MACHINERY.-Q uirtz crushing machines, driven by horses, are becoming very eoinimn, throughout the field. A great amount of ingi nuity is displayed in th° construction of m my of thom. They are, for the most part, on the rolling piinciplo. Tho crusher* in these instances onsist of two wheels of great weight generally, revolving on one ixle round a verticil sh_lt, over an iron grating. About two tons a day may be ttated as the average quantity crushed by these m achi nes. The stamping machine1?, also driven by horses, consist ot from three to eight stampers of about 2 cwt., which also crush on a peifora'.ed bottom ni- grating. Abiut the same quantity of work is performed by them a'so. Wo have particularly to notice the steam crusher of Messrs. Young and Co., of Kangaroo Flat. The Ww-rks are well worth a visit. The engine is a strong and highly finished one, of about eight horse-power. The quartz, in the first place, is granulated by stampers, and afterwards pulverized by iron rollers in ' a solid iron basin, on what is called the chocolate mill principle. On the whole, this machine appears to be the most effective as yet established in the district ; I combining, as it doe?, the two principles of stamping and rolling, and constructed in the most approved manner of both, it cannot fail to perform it3 work in a most desirable manner. But still there is room for very great improvement ; and we hope yet to see the auriferous stone reduced to a much finer powder, and in less time, than we have as yc-t seen off.ctcd. The Berdan, at the foot of New Chum Gully, is fast approaching completion. Much has been said both for ar.d' against this now de- scription of machine. We refrain, however, from making any remniks, until we hivo seen this one at work. We regret to find -that con- siderable inconvenience, and even loss, aro experienced by many persons from a faulty and defective method of amalgamation. A great deal of difficulty seems to exist on this matttr. Unless a sufficient degree of motion be given to the quicksilver, tho stuff becomes set on its surface, forming, as it were, a film or crust thereon, which prevents- the gold from uniting with the mercury. On the o her hand, if a violent motion be given, the mercury splashes, dividing into infini- tesimal drops, and much, consequently, is lost without effecting its purpose. The attention of scientific men could hardly be directed to a more important matter at the present moment; and we sincerely hope, ere long, to see considerable improvements in this way. With regard to the puddling-machinery, we fct-1 convinced that much has yet to be done, - that in general use on this field ie of very rude and primitive"construction. The apparatus may be rendered very much more effi- cient ; and there can be little doubt but that at no very distant day steam-power will generally be applied to this very important branch of gold-mining.-Bendigo Advertiser. 