VISITATION OP THE LORD BISHOP AT CHRISTCHDBCH, -*OETH ADELAIDE.' On Wednesday morning the Lord Bishop of Adelaide held a visitation at Chnstchureh, North Adelaide, the following elenrymea being present : — The Rev. Messrs. Wn. John Woodeo:k, James Pollitt. William lleurv Coombs, John Charles Bairshaw, Arthur Bernard Bur nett, John Falford, . Edward King Miller, Frederick Edward Platts. John Whitstov,- Sehoals, Edmund Jen Icing, John Brisbane Tithcrinsrton, Charles Man-vat, Robert Strong, William ' Hayd'en Burnett, Alexander Russell Rusocll, George llenn- Farr, Edward Iiay field, ?William WooU. The con emotion was very large, the Rpaeious and handsome building being crowded in every part. Several clergymen assisted in reading the morning service ; the choir, under the able direction -of Mr. Green wood, organist of the church, giving every effect to the musical and intoned portions. Nothing so nearly re sembling a Cathedral service had before been heard in South Australia. Handel'* immortal recitative and chorus 'Comfort ye my people,' and 'Every valley shall be exalted,' were 'introduced by Mr. Sanderson, one of the choir. The Communion service was reid by the Lord Bishop, after which a most impressive and appropriate sermon, wai delivered by the Her. W. II. Burnett, VA.M., of Mit eham, from Acts iviii. 9, 10. '???.?: The Holy Sacrameni was administered by the Bishop,; assisted by the Rev. Messrs. Woodcock and Marry if. A very large number of members communicated... ;: : ; His Lordiihip then delivered the following charge to the clergy of ths diocese:— ?:???? .??'.-?-?-.-? . ; Reverend Brethren— I hare called yon together at this early period after my return, with the view of laying before yon the documents oG'itaining the constitutions which 1 am about to propose for the regulation of this Diocesan Church, and the trust-deeds for the settlement of the property given for its support. I have to entreat jour solemn and earnest attention to the matters con tained in both, as upon the recognition of right prin ciples, both in the organization of the Church and tho uses of ecclesiastical property, the future well-being and vitality of our Chnreh (so far as they result from human arrangements) will in the main depend. After the discussions which have taken place on these ?ubjrcts, it cannot be unknown to you that^ the legal machinery by which ecclesiastical law is administered in England has no practical existence in this colony ; and while the obligations solemnly undertaken by the Clergy at their ordination remain in full force, and are as binding upon the conscience aa at the moment when they took on thtm their vows, yet the statutes by whkh in England those obligations are protected, and the juJicial processes there in use, are incapable of being _ pat into action here. The Church of England, incorpo-.. 'orated with the Constitution of the mother-country, has »*2pculiar connection with the Local Government or t3j»»£ourt8 of the colony beyond any other Christian bouS* Jfor are there special .voluntary agreements be t»??Vtb.e Bishop. Clergy, and Laityj like the model trust-deed prepared by John Wesley lor the members of liis society, which can.be enforced' by ordinary process In the Civil Courts upon those who depart, from their engagements. Thus deprived of ecclesiastical, statute, and legal 'machiiery, on the one hand; and with no regulations 'or trust-deed defining the rights and duties of the BUhop, Clergy, and Lay Members of our commu nion, on the other; we are left for whatever measure of order and discipline prevails ' among us, to the uncertain rale of usage and habit ; or, what is better, a conscien tious regard /or. the -principles of the Church. It is matter for thankful acknowledgment that this ecclesi astical condition, ' ab nor mil ei ex lex as it is,' has not produced more of disorder and unseemlv contention among us. Perhaps we have all in some 'measure felt that if,like the Apostle, we were without law, yet that we were under law to Christ, and so through grace have been preserved from that besetting sin of the carnal mind and mark of apostasy, which St. Paul, in his Second Thessalonians, designates as anoma or law lessness. - In the absence, also, of a well-considered and legally drawn model trust-deed, each ecclesiastical district has been compelled to form its own, thus incurring far more expense, and that fur instruments defective in their pro visions, or of dissimilar usage, which at some future time frill probably result in great practical inconvenience to the Church at large. ' Above all, thi3 ecclesiastical isola tion tends to -weaken the ties which bind the various congregations together, and to render common action and general co-operation in Church objects less attain able. It introduces, in fact, Congregationalism in the place of Church union. But it is an object we all have st heart that the Colonial Dioceses shall be one with the Mother-Church in doctrine, in discipline, in liturgical order, in tone, in mind, and spirit ; nut less nearly does it concern the well-being of every Diocesan Church to con nect together its various parts* by one general system of regulations, and to be guided by the counsels of one cen tral duly-constituted governing body. In order I hen, if possible, to effect the above objects in a legal and satisfactory manner, I felt it desirable to pro ceed to England, where I oould obtain the suggestions and advice of those most experienced in ecclesiastical law and in the principles of oar Church.' Placing, accordingly, in wieh hands the resolutions framed at the several meet Ings of our provisional Assembly, the documents which I. now lay before you are the result ; in the establishment of which as the constitutions and trust-deed of this Diocese 1 desire your concurrence^ . Xo sooner had the need of local regulations by the .Colonial Dioceses began to be felt, than difficulties were raised, which seemed to stand in the way of anj satisfactory conclusion. The legality of any meeting of the Bishop, Clergy, and Laity of a Colonial Diocese to agree upon Synodal constitution* and deed of trait was questioned; the provisions of which conse quently would . be invalidated by the illegality of such meeting. Thus the relation of the Colonial Dioceses to the Established Church hampered their powers of self regulition ; and while none of the advantages of being exclusively a Church of the State appeared to be extended to the colonies, the feebleness of Erastianisiu and the odium of a dominant Church alone remained as our por tion. . With regard to the legal question, the doubt arose from the construction put upon 25 Hen. VI II., c. 19, commonly -known as the Act of Submission, which was held to forbid all synodal meetings whatever without licence from the Crown. But the statute was plainly intended to restrain meetings of Convocation, and the promulgating canons by the Bishops and Clergy without the consent of theCrowu, which therein acted as trustee for the laity and as deposi tory of the supreme civil authority, whiJh mipht ugain be, as it had been, encroached upon by such canons. That this is the true construction of the statute which applies to the National Synod of the Church of England Is nor admitted by the ablest lawyers. It did not apply -even to Ireland, much less to dependencies of the reiUm ?of England unknown and undreamt of in those days. Diocesan Synods, indeed, stand on di lie rent grounds from Xatiooal or even Provincial Synods of the two Provinces o_f Canterbury and York. Diocesan Synods have no power to make canons which shall bind Provin cial Synods oi the Metropolitan as Judge of the Superior Ecclesiastical Courts; but they have authority to adapt provincial canons (such as the canons of 1003} to the ?wants of the diocese; to make regulations in the nature of by-lawa, provided they do not overthrow or contra vene the principles of tho3c canon §. Tbat juch Synods are legal was proved by the Synod of his clergy lately summoned by the Bishop of Exeter, *nd such synodal action is admitted by the Archbishop of Canterbury in his latest charge to be legal. The Synod of Exeter was no contravention of the statute of Henry VIII. The best eommentary, however, upon that statute is supplied by the ' Reformatio Luguin,' begun under Archbishop Cranmer, with authority of Act of Parliament passed in 1549 by Henry VII 1., continued in the reign of Kdward VI., and finally ap proved of by Archbishop Matthew Parker in 1571, from whose MS3. I now proceed to quote. In the portion of the work entitled, 'Do Ecclesia,' we find, c. IS, treating of ' Provincial Synods,' the calling of which by the Archbishop is thus restrained by the Crown — 'Sine nostru voluntate ae jnssu nun^uam convocentur.' Bat what say the next chapters (19 and 20) ? The former is entitled. ' De Synodo cujnslibet Episcopi in -ua dioeasi.' The latter commauces thus:— Singulp qooque anno Synodus ab Episcopo indicator.' It is Absurd, then, to suppose that the previous Act of Sub jnissfcm was intended to forbid these Diocesan Synods, Tvhick by the same King arc commanded to be held, while at the same time the most jealbus care is taken to restrain to* meeting of the Provincial Synod of Canter bury or York without the commandment* of the Crown! But the history of the Church itself furnishes instances of such Synods, held by prelates whose names throw a lustre over our Church— Bedell, Bishop of Kilmore, the great promoter ot the translation of the Scriptures into Irish, held a Synod in the year 1638; and the Constitu tions there made may.be found in the Appendix of his Life by Bishop Burnett, who says :— ' V; hen the news of fhi» vii carried to Dublin, some said it was an illegal assembly, and that his presuming to make canons was figainst-law, and brought him within thq guilt of pra iMMnire' liut nothing followed upon it, although the arbitrary Strafford at that time was administering tho government of Ireland. Burnett adds, ' That Arch bishop -.Usher, who knew well how much Bedell could My for himself upon this head, advised those that moved that he might be brought up on it, to let him alone, lest be should be provoked to say more for himself than any ot bis accusers could say against him.' We have thus the testimony, of Usher in favour of Diocesan Synods, added to that of Bedell ; and we may adduce Archbishops Leighton and Wake as witnesses to the same points, as well as the more modern instances of the Bishop of Exeter and 'the'HrcKbish6p~ of Canterbury. I did not, however, rely solely upon the testimony of Bishops, how crer eminent, to the nse, and need, and : lawfulness of sueh Diocesan Synods. In order to test the accuracy of the opinion, I had further recourse to the highest legal advice, aud had tUo Batisfietion of learning from Sir R. Betheli, Sir F. Kelly, and Mr. Napier of. the Irish bar, and A. J. Stepheni, Esq., whose compilation of the eclesiastical statutes shews, him to be intimately acquainted with ecclesiastical law, that such Diocesan Svnodal meetings were strictly legal, and that within their competency they might make by-laws or local constitutions to carry out the .ecclesiastical' canons of the province of which they; form a part. They can, indeed, make no law binding superior ecclesiastical authority, but they can bind themselves to carry out existing ecclesiastical law. JJow this is precisely the power wp want. Our object is . not to make a new or independent Church. We desire not to change! doctrines, liturgy, or canons, but simply to adopt rules by which those usages and principles of our Church may be effectually expressed,' and which may be ?astaintd by the local Cmirts of the colony as in any other case of simple contract. Even were it not thus morally- certain that in framing Synodal constitutions we are about to follow, a strictly legal and ecclesiastical course, the respective Bills of the Archbishop of Canter bury and of the present ' Ministry ^remove all' doubt a9 to the readiness of the. Church and ^'Government at home to concede all necessary power, ft The Archbishop'* Bill, indeed, lapsed on the ground that KteU'-government having been granted to* , the colonies it mk was not for the Imperial Parliament to legislate post lively for any portion of their inhabitants ;: and with re-; rard to the Solicitor-General's Bill, tiro Change Of th» Secretary of State for the Colonies together with the pressure of business at the close-of laist session, caused its unexpected withdrawal, although with the full support of Her Majesty's Government it is ? to be brought forward again in the ensuing session. Every doubt will then be set at rest. Acting, therefore, on the conviction that I am proceeding in accordance with the law of the Church and of the land, the example of the most approved of our Bishops in each century since the Reformation, and the consenting authority of our eivil and eeclesistical rulers, I propose to summon 3 Diocesan Synod to consider the constitutions which I ha-?e caused to be framed, and a trust-deed for the settlement of such property as may be given fortbe supporfcf this' Diocesan Church. I hxtt- already stated the p»wers and limitations of «ueh Diocesan Synods. They cannot make laws but only by-laws and rules of proceeding, binding on those who nonuiriiUrnf hr -Jn» rpnrcaentation asrree to them. Bat 'here a most important question arises, how ?boul&sueh; Srnods be composed, and want the authority respecSfely to 'be exercised I-v the several component parts of that body? That the Cnurch is t^-l%eon^egatiofidelium, the generift -body of professed believers, and the elerfry the ministers and servants of that great tody for Christ's sake, no one will dispute. That the latter are to teach and rula in the con-legation, yet not as lords over Gods heritage, nor possessing dominion over its faith, is equally clear. St. Paul admonish-:* the Hebrew servants toobefthem that- have the rule over them, and submit themselvei, and he himself excluded from communion the incestuous Corinthians and other evildoers. _ This relation of teachers, -disciples, pistors, and flock, spiritual rulers and those subject to them for conscience, sake, is bated 4Jir the divine ? commission to bind and loose, given to ministers on their ordination. This h a distinction betwepn;the laity : tin A -clergy not to be obliterated, and consequently not to 'b?. forgotten or laid aside in any Diocesan'- regulations to be adopted. -TFhaHbe4aHy have also their parts and duties in the^Chorch is.n0.lpss certain; but neither. truth nor godliafiflg are' likely ttf he .subserved by confusing their offices a'nd^rOTp^usihiUties.-.wjth, those of tho clergy. The a$5nstfra ept o£ this ' grave i .question, turns npon the point when rests the responsibility of,' feeding the Church of God' with true doctrine,' and separating from the congregation them that walk disorderly. Now, Scripture, the history of the Church, and the ecclesias tical laws of the Church of England, assign this re ?poniibuity to tho ministry alont, in the person of the Bishop, »lded by his presbyters, and acting, so far as is pottlble, in concurrence with toe lay members of-hfc flock. The Angel of the Apocalyptic Churches is alone held responsible for the state of his people ; and so St Paul bids Timothy, sent by the Apostle to. regulate the Church at Ephcsus, 'hold fast the, form of sound words, and commit the same to faithful men, who shall be able, to teach others to exercise jurisdiction over the elders, and count those worthy of double honour who laboured, in the word and doctrine.' A man that was an heretic, after a first and second admonition, Titus was to reject* from communion, and thus the power of the keys admit* ting to the visible Church by baptism, and excluding' therefrom, by casting out of communion, clearly. rests with the eommissioncd ministers of God acting in each Church under the paramount authority of the chief or presiding pastor. This responsibility cannot be devolved upon ths laity. The Bishop and clergy art; separated to the preaching of the Word, to be expositors of the law of Christ, and are answerable to Him for its enforcement; but to guard against party or ill-considered acts of dis cipline, the verdict or concurrence of the laity as ??'to, whether that law has been broken may fittingly be had. The appeal to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council is of thin nature; yet even here cases might arise, if vital doctrine were directly, or by implication ' impugned, when it- would become the. duty, of tbe minis tors of God to refuse obedience to the doctrines of men, and to teach God's truth rather, than any human per version of it. Such undivided responsibility was claimed and acted upon by more than 400 ministers in that 'dis- ruption which «veredVa, few-vears ? ago, the Kirk 'of Scotland. .The like authority is assertud.by the Con ference of the Weslcyan ibody, which is the supreme court of appeal; and such, too, the Church of England claims for her national Sydnod in controversies of the faith. Yet in none of these cases, is infallibilty claimed for the judicial or synodal decision, as uiihe Papal Church. The'. Protestant laity have still the right of. private judgment. ?? Theyiuav 'prove all things, but hold fast that which they- find in their conscience to be good.' -They i may: take on tlieinselveii the. responsibility iof differing from the judgment of their pastors, nor can .they be; forced against their 'own will and conscience to hearken and obey. Thus they exercise a negative voice, and. can refuse concurrence in ministerial decisions. Personal freedom is thus secure— spiritual liberty safe. ? ... / ., ...?-.,. The presence, at least, of the laity, in the first Synod at Jerusalem is undoubted; and in tho provincial coun cils of the Cypriance age,, their attendance is also acknowledged. That they. over, voted ou' doctrinal questions is denied by the most accurate aud learned iwriters. The superscription of tlfe pastoral or synbdiual letter to the- Gentile' Churches is thus explained by a recent. influential Wesleyau writer, the Eev. Alfred Barrett, .whom I cite principally as a:i unbiassed witness : ' The Brethren,', he says, were as sociated with the Apostles and Elders at Jerusalem, as {ftifyiitg -o-Ae/mtt and reality of the acts of these latter in council, and that this document was a faithful account of those decisions.' L know that v. U' of that chapter states that the Apostles and Elders came together to con sider of this matter, and v. 4 of chap. 16 says that the de crees were .ordained of the Apostles and Elders which were at! Jerusalem} tjhus apparently excluding' the laity from doctrinal legislation. . Yet, comparing verses 23 and 23, 'The Apostles, Elders, and Brethren,', aud then 'it seemed good unto the Holy Ghost and to ti» to lay upon you no greater burden, &c;,' it is evident that the decree runs in their name, as well as that of the Elders and Apostles, and above all, the Holy Ghost Himself. It is true that the point in question had already been decided bv the Holy Spirit, wherj St. Peter was instructed by his vision, to go in and e.it with Cornelius, who was also bap tized by the Spirit without being bjuud to keep the whole law of clrenmeUiou. The concurrence, nevertheless, of the Brethren, was invited and expressed in that decree, and which consequently was issued in the name of the whole Church of Jerusalem ; and, doubtless, where the Spirit; of God is, there the like sameness of judgment will be found in things pertaining to God between the clergy and laity, even to! the end of the world, That the laity joined on that occasion in electing those who should be sent to promulgate their decrees, is certain ; that they also nominated and set before tha Apostles the seven'deacons, is equally plain. Here, indeed, they have an undoubted right, as well as in the management of the monetary' concerns of the churches, a principal share. And if in judicial matters and in questions of doctrine their advice and concurrence may fitly be sought, still the ulti mate responsibility, by the appointment of God, does not rest with them, but with the Bishops and Presbyters act ing under and with them for the furtherance of the truth. Keeping, then, In mind this leading principle, ' that ministerial responsibility arising from the Divine com mission to teach and feed the flock, cannot be devolved on those who have no such calling;' admitting on the other hand the wisdom and propriety of seeking the concurrence of the laity in judicial sentences and doctrinal decisions; above all, allowing their right in the administration of the funds of the~Chureh, and giving full liberty of ex pressing their opinion as to the eligibility of candidates for the ministerial office,— I have endeavoured so to frame the constitutions and trust-deed as to meet these prin ciples and requirements. It is for you to consider how far the task ha.s been successfully achieved. Much toil, and pains, and desire to arrive at the truth, have been ex pended on it. Such as these documents are I place them in your hands, reminding yon of the very solemn responsibility now devolving upon us, namely, that of exercising the inherent rights and duties of the Church to the glory of God and furtherance of the Gospel, in accordance with Primitive Apostolic and Scriptural rule. That in the absence of statute law and statute snp port we have need of recurring to the first principles of that divine institution, no one who has been engaged in Church extension iu this colony can for a moment doubt. Independent congregations; a disunited Presbytery; an Episcopate absolute m name, but weak in power; a laity anxious to do their part, and yet ill instructed in their rights and. duties — how, with such untempered mortar, can we hope to raise a spiritual building, or plant a vigorous branch of the United Church of Eng land and Ireland in this soil, or how advance the king dom of God by vital religion and mutual love? How shall we khow'the members of our Church, or provide for.their beinj' visited at their homes, or assembled in the congregation, without ^ general parochial organiza tion? It Hi only by making full proof of your ministry, by feeding the sheep, feeding the lambs of Christ, that you can work the work of God. But how can you sys tematically bring home the gospel to your floek, if you know them not, nor enter them upon the register of the Church? And if no sympathy pervades the body of our members, I know not' how the weaker are to be cared for, or the ministry of the Word impartially secured to them. How, without due organization, is it possible to fulfil the precept that the members should have the Same care one for the other— the larger congregations assisting and supporting the weaker? Disjointed efforts are always feeble. Local affections narrow-minded, and disunited congregations jealous of each other. To godliness we are first to add brotherly kindness, and to brotherly kindness charity. The love of God iu Christ is like the material sun. There is no thing hid from the heat thereof; aud the Church, which is the spouse of Christ, is then most like the Iiridcgroom, when His love is shed abroad in her heart, and she lovea all them that are Hu for His sake, who loved them, and gave Himself for them. If the plans 1 propose to you, and tho regulations which shall be adopted, result in a more diifusive charity among our people, a closer union amongst ourselves, more constant pastoral superintendence, more vital religion, and deeper attachment to their spiritual guides, the days and hours will not have been ill ex pended which have been devoted to their preparation. Of one tiling I am satisfied, that God will be with that Church and those members who neither lor ambition nor lucre, nor by constraint, give themselves to the work; who, penetrated with the love of God in Christ for lost and fallen man, seek to save sonls from that eternal per dition which is bound up with alienation from God and enmity to holiness of the carnal mind. This is the true work of the Church and its ministers, and, in so far as a proper organization may tend to foster a vigorous inner life, so far may synods, and constitu tions, and trust-deeds, be lawful and expedient; but they will never be a substitute for the living energy of the'soirit of Christ, or supersede the power of that love whieh llows lrom liim who Himseit is love, embracing the whole of His intelligent creatures, is testified also by all His material works in all places of his dominion, even to the verge of space itself. Extract from Barrow. A Treatise of the Pope's Su premacy. Vol. 7, p. 3i5. — At first each church was settled apart under its own Bishop and Presbyters, so as independently and separately to manage its own con cernments; each was 'governed by it* own head, and had iti otrn lava' Every Bishop, as a Prince in his own church, did act freely, according to his will and dis cretion, with the advice of his Ecclesiastical Senate, and with the consent of his people (the which he did use to consult), without being controllable by any other or ac countable to any, further than his obligation to uphold the verity of Christian profession, and to maintain frater nal communion in charity and peace with neighbouring churches, did require ; in which regard, if he were notably peccant, he was liable to be disclaimevi by .them as no good Christian, and rejected from communion, together with his church, if it did adhere to him in his misde meanours. ,,'?'., Extract from Bishop Sage. A Vindication of a Treatise intituled The Principle of the Cypriance A»re.— The Bishops of those times, upon many prudential con siderations, some perhaps common to all ages, others pe culiar to their own times and circumstances, were willing to give all proper and reasonable satisfaction to the., people concerning sometimes the necessity, sometimes the expediency, always the equity of whatever resolution they took, or orders they appointed, or methods they chose, or decrees they made, or canons they enacted, or sentences they formed, or censures they inflicted, in a word,1 of their whole administration of the Government. Nay, it is very credible that they were very/tender of doing anything that might cross the people's inclinations: It is credible they 'seldom or never did it but when the people were notoriously unreasonable. They were will ing, and it was their wisdom to live in concord and good correspondence with the people, not to oftend them, not to provoke them, not to embitter them. Whatever al low? nces, therefore, could consist with the honour and deference due to paternal authority, they were willing to grant to the people. But it was very well consistent with the honour and regard due to such authority that as many of the people as pleased, and was convenient, even in provincial councils, to be tcituettei of what was done in them. , It was no ways inconsistent with tha in . tcrcsts and exigencies of authority even to allow such of the people as pretended to hear them, to mropo$e_ reason: able overtures or reasonable objections. It was in many cases necessary that from the people they should receive informations and tetlimoniet concerning matters of fact. To be allowed to (five advice is one thing, and to define is another. There is a great difference between debating and determininsr; and if the people were allowed to be ?present they could not be hindered to judge unless their natures had been changed, it being natural to men, as they are men, to have their own judgment of everything that comes to their knowledge. But to judge at a man, and to judge as a man in authority, are very different things. ,: _Br__a___-BH-M=___^ A.Sparjc. prom the Anvil. — Some men may say that they have used wine or spirits for 18 or 20 years, and no man ever saw them intoxicated. Perhaps not ; tmt those men who glory in their strength should consider their numerous neighbours who are not b est with the samo vigorous constitutions, the same power to restrain appetite, or the same amount (if preventing grace. The weak and the wavering have some claim on the strong and stable, i nose moderate Urnikcrs cannot look to the right or the left without observing men wallowing in drunkenness who once plumed themselves on never having been seen the worse for iiquor. On every side they can see as the result of moderate drinking, men's energies prostrated, and their health destroyed; they can sue character forfeited and property dissipated ; they can see homes left desolate, children neglected, and wives broken hearted. They can see all that, and more than that ; they can gee men driven by the demon drink to the commission of crimes which th«y must expiate on the scaffold, or forgetting the first great instinct of nature, impiously termina ting an existence made wretched by overin dulgcnce in strong drink. Seeing thesa things, was not the moderate drinker bound in duty to God, to his neighbour,- aud himself, to consider how far his. example and precept might, if properly directed, goto remedy— to remove such frightful evils ? If he would do nothing, what claim had he to the name of man, 'much less to the glorious character of a gelf-denyiug Christian. — Barlow the Black imith. 