1,. w&f; .fii'ibun ( ?ffjffot^fa Spectator.} >_,.' ; .1 ; MEMÓÍRS AND ARCTIC JOURNAL OF LIEUTE. NANT BELLOT.* The celebrity of Joseph. Rene Bellot is remàrtâbïe instance of what character .will effécf:0.',Hisl'aptitude for instruction, -was great; and he made his 'way from a. humble position tp early rank in the French marine ; but his acquirements and promotion were not of a wonderful kind ; many men have gained more knowledge under greater, difficulties, or risen more rapidly in worldly position, without acquiring a tithe of his distinction. ? It was not his volunteer zeal in braving danger or privations, or .even his actual death, that produced, this widé-spread fame ; for in ; the noble service to which he belonged voluntary exposure to hardship, risk of life, and death itself, axe tóó common, to challenge more than a passing notice,., and not always that. The circumstance, of a foreigner volunteering to assist in a search after Franklin and his com panions, np doubt contributed to the social atténtiori's Bellot received ; but a fashion of that.knid is evanescent, and would go for little on shipboard, when the. first novelty was over. Bellot, however,; exercised as much influence ovQr tn'e hardy Shetlanders and Hudson Bay mén as, he did; among .private acquaintance. Tor influence a nation, something more than fashion or personal fascination was. necessary ; ';' ifo£xtyfäß\$jj>&t;ä't£ hOTe,l)een.- the; assemblage .r.*f>'^V^pwlíví»»<ái'i,»»,.called, .character, and i which'pfocures fame and regard for men apart -from any great succéss, or even-in spite of failure and misfortune. The distinguishing trait's jn' Bellot, appear, to have, been, great : kindness bf heart, and a large sympathy; con- joined with great resolution ; and it was this sympafliy^hich niade his death so widely, felt .'da a coi^mon, loss! , - Thé Jife of Bellot, - brief as it was, is not without interest especially for the. example; it ' furnishes ffiat'^íje institutions or .manners ;of the French''oner'.a better opening to humble talcnt than exists, in this country. His father was a working, blacksmith, with, a family of several children" Bellot would appear to have received his education! at some .public school at Bochefort,' where his ; father lived ; . for his teacher) MJ;Bícher, inade such a favourable '9,rfer]8rt'pî,'his capacity, and ¡ intelligence," - that 'tHe'ÂÎunTcipality granted the boy a.demi-burse ''ft^fcT^Cbllege. of Bochefort. This involved ^Wornjè'pi^^hing on the part of his family to pay ^tíé^aádltionsil charges, slight as they would 0.p^jp^r ^ imany'; but the charges were will- ingly .borne ; and they were repaid, not only in ^tut^riife by the assistance Bellot furnished to /jiusifamiiy out of his scanty means, but by .an "iiuniediate harvest of prizes.... In his sixteenth ; year he underwent a successful examination for ...admission; into the Naval ? School, and again '-?received assistance from the Bochefort Munici "j^ajity^. his. family struggling as before to make ^pjtßpj'diffefence! On the 1st September, 1843, his>age being then seventeen years and a «half^'he1 stood fifth on the list for promotion of \^üpirs;.'"'pfr the1 second class ;" and was 'Jfccev^e'd'u /successively on board the ^Suffren /<< and Friedland, lying in the J pôït'pf; Brest.- He made his first.cruise in tlie tiCoi^btie 'Berceau, in June 1844. . From that 7,ti'me,¿Stjlë'dO ,hè was actively engaged on the (i«0a6t(of Africa or in the Indian Ocean ; and J was wounded in an expedition against Tamatave ''îh Jiâdhgascân .."The leisure of shore or coast "Jpglcli^ty di'd »ötsüit Bellot. He quitted his -ivessel.vthB/Triomphante, in September 1850 ; < "anà' iii lile following-spring volunteered to Join Albert, which,, JLady, Franklin aV»%flWtPSiPl\f- ^ From that point the career - oí i.ikieutenaintijÇelIotns known to all, as -well as «.tho^riiattner1' of Iiis: untimely death ; except, ^erh^^ii^at'al,! may, not know that his,,otd "«ftrajpand^^ the crew of: the .Albert offered to serve under him if he would "take-' the - command of a, second expedition "^ïc^h'heiYdécllhèd,1 'out of national delicacy.'; 'Íin,d¿t4}aii'^ to induce the tTrenolv¿Minister::of Marine to send out an 'Expédition of search,' alleging the example of 'Ànièrica'ând Rusaia'.''' '"' " .".''' ^Joseph...Bene , Bellot was bom on the 18th ¿March .1820, at.Paris, ¡though he always called himself a Rqchefort man: Jie perished in '^yelHnJjion Channel on the 15 th August 1858. aVfiX^WM ^MWt'jOf^elíót from an early period íof<¡liff4'..ío^keep a journal, in which he entered ...not'^only his observations but his reflections and feelings.- : Of the journal which he wrote Stiring his, first-voyage in the Albert, 1851-'52, rthen.yoluniea before us principally consist, ^üpoñthevoyage' itself, the geography of the ^¿gíopá visited, or the mode of life in the 'Arctic Seas, they throw little if any absolutely .new-light.- Their interest mainly arises from <th'eir; autobiographical and national character. The^rencK have"not '* attended! ; so much to Polar exploration"; as sómé other nations, and the vbyáge'h%VfórV Bellot a freshness it would noti.j.-jaaye,: had,,; for an .English seaman* ,!li,.is, however, his own. portrait, unconsciously P'4a^;k.t^a^.givfs.,'.it8 main interest to the journal, f (Prudent ! zeal and resolute determi -jiatign-ruto .do-aKis^duty continually appear, TOÍngleixwituja ilittle of the Frenchman's self demonstrativenes3. ? . The buoyancy of spirit which makesiligbti of recurring hardships and -dangers,, andithefirm -will that refuses to-be down-cast-by- physical ailing or unusual perils, hut.renders the imind master of the body, fre quently bccur,':as well as the writer's strong 'family.! feelings:' With these biographical Iraitá'aré^intérwoven pictures of scenery and thél,f!ùsùal- incidents of. ari Arctic voyage, together, with observations and reflections on Various' matters. 'Exploration in those regions is probably af ari end for some time to come. The following J remarky. therefore, has no direct hearing,,though strictly.correct ; for nearly all the great discoveries in those regions have hëèn-madé on foot, if not exactly by land. It totS/'a hlot in our public system-a rigid not JtÓ say a .blind adherence to mere routine, and «n< official determination to ignore whatever do'tíá'rio'í come with an official stamp ; though 1&é'l(Hudáori Bay Company are not quite so -secret as Bellot supposes, and one Government expedition was planned to proceed over the Polar ice. ; ""¡The most erroneous notions are entertained in France ha ta the information possessed by the English Admi- ralty, The Hudson Bay Company, which makes a niystery of all its operations, will not allow anything to be 'published respecting the manners of - the tribes in their territory, their resources, or their mode of travelling. 'Whether it be that the Government has not casked for such information, or has received it in an incomplete form, not one of its naval expeditions has possessed the means of travelling by land ; and it is not ?surprising that each of them has produced so little, «ince their season of operations has, of necessity, been -.; »' Memoirs of lieutenant Joseph Bene Bellot, Chevalier of the Legion of Honour, Member of the Geographical t Societies' of London and Paris, &c.; With his Journal of a Voyage in the .Polar"Seas in-'search- of Sir John Franklin. In two volumes. Published by Hurst and Blackett. "«Ù^i'fërtflflùSl to, Ula wy «hort tim« far wWeb, they war« supplied wilhneoeaaanea ; betides, eye» in summer, their-nen, spoiled by a winter passed by the fireside, did not accomplish all that might have been expected of them. In writing down these reflections, (as to which the future will show me how far I am in the right,; I do not think I am influenced by a feeling of hostility to foreign rivals ; but I am struck by the facts. No, I have too high an esteem for Sir Edward Parry and the two Bosses : X do not attack them, but criticize a system, the defects of which nothing could make plain to them, not even their experience in these seas. It does not appear that they ever had with them Hudson Bay men-regular Arctic travellers; they had men experienced in naviga- tion among the ice-good ice-masters-but that is all ; whereas in this country, whero the ground is solid dur- ing two-thirds of the year, a voyage of discovery should be prosecuted by land as well as by sea : and that infers anew series of studies, quite different from those to which a naval officer is accustomed ; for ' them the least details as to foot and head gear, clothes, and food, be- come of vital importance. ? Now,', last year, Mr. J. Smith was the only man who had belonged to the Hudson Bay service ; the greater part of the crew had never been in the ice before, and there was nothing on board of what is requisita for tra- velling in winter, nay, scarcely the requisites for spend- ing the winter on board ship. Mr, Kennedy the commander and Bellot himself were both Teetotallers, together with a large portion of the crew. The vessel is described as carrying no intoxicating drinks ; from which; however, spirits as a medicine '. must bo excepted, and lucky it was that they were .taken. Bellot notes at the beginning that his own health suffered . from the absence of wine. The. excessive strain upon the facul : ties could not be well supported without some stimulant especially in the absence of sleep.. \- 20th August.-Still snow : but it is all tho same to us now. We have at last found the passage. After having run into the entrance, which was but badly marked, we came upon a ohain'of flakes which allow us to get to the otherside. This last navigation is difficult enough, and I requires a sort of knock-only to be aoquired by practice, for we move through a fog thickened with snow. It is ; at such times that the ice-master's duty becomes fatigu- ing : ours has not closed an eye for thirty-six hours, -and will hardly be at liberty till to-morrow. It appears j that the masters of the-whalers sometimes pass two or ! three days without rest. Mr. Leask regrets that he has not a little brandy ; and I believe that the excitement i he has need of can only be given by that remedy, at the ^expense, it is true,-, of health subsequently. j .And again, on the 28th Tho forecastle presents a petition for an extra .ration [of brandy, although they are not entitled to it ;. but they .allege as a pretext that the provisions are nat of such :good quality as respectable English sailors have a right to .expect. This petition closes, in tho usual way, by assurances of the deepest respect. Mr. Kennedy asks my ad vico, and I. think that they may he satisfied without danger : to refuse wsuld be to exposo ourselves to ill-will on their part, although I am convinced that they have only obeyed a prejudice ; for there is amongst them more fear than liking for spirituous liquors. ¡ ? It became advisable on other occasions to have recourse to stimulants. Still the fact that a whole ship's crew could sustain health in the ' Arctic"regions without regular rations of spirits .or beer, is a strong argument in favour of tem- perance. It must not be forgotten that the crew were of strong constitutions, hardened by habit, and accustomed, it would appear, to re- frain from stimulants, as well as to eat largely of animal food. Mr. Kennedy was a very religious man as well as a Teetotaller. Bellot was nominally a Catholic, with the Continental ideas touching the Sunday. He, however, readily gave in to Kennedy's practice, and during the comman- der's absence or illness read prayers himself. He speaks highly of tho usage, and of its effects upon the crew, and more than once considers that the commander's unwillingness to labour on the Sunday had providential results. In Bellot the religious feeling was very strong. The wonders around him, the continual escapes front perito where prudence was useless, and leisure for reflection, seem to have shaped if they did not produce, doubts as to dogmatic theology and its creeds. On the 2nd December he writes thus I find myself daily more and more attracted towards that religious systom which I should call the roligion of Nature, because the sentiment isdevolopcd in me by the contemplation of tho marvels scattered around us by the wonderful Providence which presides over all, and fore- sees all. ' I lose myself in an inextricable labyrinth whenever I seek to clear up by the too uncertain lights of :my reason those dark mysterious by-ways of dogmatic theology, thc necessity of which I cannot explain to my- self. Whatever bo tho possible objections to a religion which derives its doctrines only from the innate princi- ples of the heart and the conscience, therein lies fur me tile basis of all worship-the origin of that gratitude .which rominds us of what the creature owes to the uni- versal Creator. My doubts and incessant hesitations, amidst my conscientious inquiries after truth, tell me that I am a Rationalist—that is", as some would say, a soul perverted and opposed to the real faith : but who can force himself to believe what he does not understand ? And if my poor wearied head, worn with anxiety, happons to go astray in searching for the true way amid the divergent doctrines of Christianity justification by works, or by grace-I always find my .mind set at rest when, jumping over intermediaries, I 'arrive immediately at the conclusion of all religious systems, and address a warm prayer directly to God himself. And on the 11th he writes again ! This mornirig^I had for the first time a pretty sharp religious discussion with Captain Kennedy. "We plied each other so hard that we ended in very bad humour. He believes in revelation ; for him the Old and the New Testament are <of tho same authority, and flow directly from the Deity. This I cannot admit.' Alas! I have not faith, and my rebellious reason revolts against what it cannot explain. I admit the New Testament as inspired by the Spirit of God ; but I do not beliove in the Prophets, in the Holy Ghost, or at least in the latter otherwiso than as a symbolic figure. What is to be done ? My conscience tells mo I am not wrong : I know well that, in seeking to extract from all systems what ÍB good in them, I should not be supported in my dis eussions ; but, ma foi t I cannot help that ; I yield to tho current of what is passing within me. I perceive that in politics and in religion one has friends only on condition of making certain concessions; but what I havo net, never shall have, nor wish to have, is tho spirit of sect : I shall never bo able to sacrifico my interests to 'my sentiments. It is here I recognise the omnipotence of free will—the only real freedom—the only one worthy of man. Why should I attach myself to doctrines which offer mo no complete certainty of truth ? No, I will nover lie to myself, and my mouth shall never say yen when my heart says no. I will avoid among foreigners, as I do in ray own country, putting forward even my convictions, when I know well beforehand that few men can be con- vinced, or will listen to anything but what they liko to hear ¡"but when I am questioned I will reply, atoll hazards, in accordance with my conscience. I have hitherto experienced, that whatever relates to metaphy- sics-to abstract subjects-cannot bo demonstrated; one must believe, or not believe. In short, all I could say may be summed up in one short phrase : eithor a man has faith, or he has not. 