THE HOLY MOUNTAIN OF LA SALETTE. — A PILGRIMAGE OF THE YEAR 1854. BY THE RIGHT REV. DR. ULLATHORNE, CHAPTER XIV. — CONCLUSION. "HE WHO IS MIGHTY HATH DONE GREAT THINGS TO ME, AND HOLY IS HIS NAME.' HOLY MOTHER What them didst sing with all thy prophetic soul on the mountains of Judea, thou hast made manifest on the mountain of La Salette. There was seen the shadow of thy brightness, tempered for mortal eyes to look upon, and the sun grew pale before it: There thou didst reveal thy maternal power with Jesus, and thy maternal love for us. There theu didst choose two poor children out of all the world, two simple cowherds; to be the apostles of thy motherly pity and thy motherly love; and thou hast kept them in their simplicity. Thou wert found in the fields where they lay in the mid-day ; thou art honoured where thy foot steps stood. Thy heavenly tears were for Jesus dishonoured. The grief on thy face is for thy many children, who abandon His grace, and who turn their backs upon His holy law. Alas ! thou hast come to warn us how thy compassionate intercession with Jesus is bound up and restrained by the indifference of thy children. Jesus has almost exhausted His mercy, and thou hast almost exhausted intercession. Oh Mother of mercy, compelled, by thy love, to be the messenger of vengeance as a last resource thou hast come thyself to plead with us; and to move us by that voice of sweet and motherly tenderness. Thou hast come in the clear. noonday, and hast found a world that was already dark, blind with sin. and dark with ingratitude. Thou hast revealed to us that deluge of calamities which hangs in the clouds above ou'r heads; those last' and most frightful mercies which, unless they repent, God has in store for his erring people; What does all this signify, but that, without the co-operation of our wills, God cannot save us, and all thy prayers cannot help us with Him ? But He who is mighty has done great things for us through thee. Through thee He gave us His own eternal and well-beloved Son: In thee He gave us the perfect example of a pure, holy, and immaculate, creature, loving him perfectly, by the life of His Holy Spirit, which dwelt within thee. And from that dreadful Cross, whilst drowning death and sin in His great agony, Jesus the Son of God, Jesus, the Child of thy womb, whilst He brought us back from death to life, gave us thee for our Mother and protector. We have no mother in heaven but thee. The saints are our brothers and our sisters, and they love us well, and pray for us much ; but they have not the Mother's power with Jesus ; they have not the Mother's love for us. Jesus gave thee those maternal rights to exercise for us ; Jesus gave us. those chums to look as children up to thee, when, with those dying words He said to that one be loved child who stood there. for, us all : "Son, be hold thy mother!" And, on the holy mountain which thou hast chosen, thou hast shown once more a Mother's love and a Mother's power; a Mother's power with Jesus and a Mother's love for us! Thou hast made eloquent the tongues of thy children. Thy power has been made manifest through their weakness., In thy ,sanctuary the graces of thy Son, inclined ever to thy prayers, have drawn those multitudes to repentance, and conversion, and have filled them with peace and joy in the Holy Ghost, thy heavenly spouse. The miraculous waters, of thy ever-flowing fountain are but, a- figure and a sign of that fountain of grace, that loving Heart of thy Divine Son, which ever fkows; and which flows so abundantly at the voice of thy pleading from thy sanctuary, upon all who call upon His name through thee. Thou hast peopled the desert; ''thou hast made the solitude to nourish ; thou art the joyful Mother of many repentant children. Health of the sick, Comfortress of the afflicted. Help of Christians, Reconciler of sinners, Joy of the pilgrim, pray for us who have recourse to, thee. Exert a Mothers care. And us thy children own ; To Him, convey, our prayer, Who chose to be thy Son. Mary is inseparable from Jesus, and the glory of Mary is the glory of Jesus, her power, the power of Jesus. Jesus is the life of all who live ; Mary, our better Eve, is the mother of all the living. She exercises mother's solicitude and a mother's ministry with a mother's love. If there is an earthly ministry there is also a heavenly ministry. Of the angels St. Paul says, that ' they are all ministering spirits, .ent to minister for those who shall, receive the inheritance of selection." And David says, "He has given His angels charge over thee." And the Saints have profited men more in heaven than they ever did them service on earth. And the Church says in her prayer for the Feast of the holy Archangel, the prince and leader of the heavenly hosts, thru God has constituted the ministry both of angels and of men in wonderful order. As the King exercises his power through ministers in many grades and orders, gives them power of interceding with, him, and makes the those the channels of his favour in the degree in which they approach him. and exalts thereby, his majesty and power; so heaven's eternal King exalts His holy ones in power, and gives them a resemblance to Him, not only as He is holy, but also as He is mighty. They are seated on the thrones of His power. But at the right hand of Jesus, Queen of angels, and of saints, is Mary, the fairest, the purest; and the most holy of that mighty host ; exercising a mother's power;, and full to perfection of a mother's love. If Michael, at the head of the heavenly hosts, was the chief protector of the Hebrew Church, Mary was not as yet upon her throne by the side of Jesus. Michael rules the angels, Mary all the choirs of the blessed. Then she prays, they all pray in her company ; when she lifts up her voice in supplication, they all extend their hands. If Abraham, by his justice, with held the hand of God ; if Moses, by his meekness, stayed back his avenging arm ; Mary, by her love, restrains His justice when His mercy seems no longer to endure. Jesus sees the motive in her which he cannot find in ns. Moved by those two great loves — the love of Jesus and the love of us — she prays and pleads with an irresistible power. And God loves to be overcome by the solicitude and love of that holiest of creatures, that most immaculate of beings. The Apparition of our Mother on the mountain of La Salette is not the publication of a new doctrine, but of a new grace. It is a revelation of the love and pity which reign in heaven for us. God is exceedingly angry with His sinful children. The hands of Jesus are heavy with the accumulations of millions of ingratitudes. His Mother pleads earnestly for Her children. Like Rachel, she weeps because they are not. The cruel enemy has slain their souls. Blasphemies abound. Churches mourn their widowhood. Men come not to the fountains of grace. Mary comes and proclaims these sad truths to France at the very time that a new Pontiff rises in the pulpit at Rome, and opening his mouth for the first time, proclaims these same sad truths to the Roman people. Who does not remember the discourse of Pius IX. in the Church of Sant Andrea della Valle? And as if he had in view the complaints of Mary on La Salette, in his Encyclical letter to the Archbishops and Bishops of Italy, of December, 1849; he urges the same subject anew in these remarkable words :— 'Venerable brethren, in all things your cares and those of the priests, your co- operators, should tend especially to bring the faithful to conceive the greatest horror for crimes that cause scandal to our neighbour. For you know that in various places the numbers have increased of those who dare publicly to blaspheme the Saints of heaven, and even the most holy name of God ; or who on the days set apart to God give themselves up to servile works, and open their shops ; or who, in the presence of many, despise the precepts of fasting and abstinence. By the voice of your zeal, let the faithful be led to represent to themselves and seriously to consider the enormous gravity of sins of this kind, and the severe pains with which their authors will be punished. And thus Mary complains with bitter sorrow, that a baptized, a Catholic people, a people consecrated to her, should live without God and without His Church. That in heaven as on earth, hope for that people is perishing. Oh marvellous mercy of grace! All is at the gloomiest, and the deluge is impending, when, be hold ! the rainbow of peace appears in the heavens. Their gates are opened. A wondrous light is seen on that solitary mountain, as Moses saw it in the bush, as Elias on Horeb, as the shepherds at Bethlehem. The sun is but as a taper before that wonderful brightness. It is the garment of the mother of God. And, behold, she is seated on the fountain. She rises, she speaks, she carries the image of her Son upon her breast. He is crucified. She was weeping. And yet she is in glory. So the glorious God Himself was touched, before the deluge came, '"with sorrow of heart." Mary sorrows because the sorrows of Jesus come not near her children:; she sorrows because they will not take His sorrows to their heart. But what new garb is this of our heavenly Mother ? She no longer wears the, white veil and blue robe of the daughters of Nazareth. No, Mary comes not as the child of Nazareth, but as the Queen of Heaven. And " the King's Mother stands at His right hand, in a garment of gold, surrounded with variety." She carries the symbols of the devotion of her clients as her ornaments. A rosary encircles her breast, a rosary crowns- her head, rosaries sustain her feet. But around the roses so near her heart, there is a heavy; chain — alas! the bondage of sinners. The chain of flowers and the chain of iron links — the devout souls and the sinful souls; Mary carries both in her loving remembrance ; but one is the joy, the other the anguish of that maternal heart . They are of many colours, those flowers, for she is encircled with variety, and that variety is the varied devotion of her faithful children. But why -does our mother weep? Why does she carry a chain as if a bondswoman? And now does she suffer if the saints are past all suffering? Mary's tears spring not from her own sufferings, they spring from our admonition. And if the blessed know no bondage of their own, we, chain the freedom of their goodness towards us, we bind in captivity that wonderful efficacy of their prayers and of their services. Mary suffers restraint and coercion through our sins and indifference, in the exercise of her maternal intervention with her son.—"If my people will not submit, I am compelled to let go the arm of my Son, it is so strong, so heavy, that I can no longer withhold it. How long do I suffer for you ! If I would not have my Son abandon you, I am compelled to pray incessantly for you, and you make no account of it." From the time that Melahie saw Mary the world has faded in her sight. If she has not sought the world yet from these eight years past has the world been coming to her. But to the child of the vision of Mary the world has no beauty, no charm, no contentment. What St. Gregory the Great taught his deacon as a truth, she has experienced as a fact. And the eyes which beheld the glorious one from heaven, finds the earthly creation divested of beauty and shorn of power to attract her heart; Nothing is beautiful to those eyes which have seen the beauty of Mary. Nothing is brilliant to that sight which saw the splendour of her glory. Nothing is me melodious to those ears which listened to her heavenly voice. Her looks are lifted to the mountains whence her Mother came. And if such be the beauty, such the sweetness, such the glory of Mary, even as seen in her distress, and by the mortal eyes of a poor child, what is the beauty of Jesus, what His sweetness, and what His glory, as seen by Mary herself, and by those blessed and immortal spirits, whose natures the light of glory has adapted to live in the vision of His in finite beauty and in the power of His endless glory ;- whose hearts the Spirit of eternal Charity has drawn into the sweetest embrace of His unbounded-love? All do not receive this heavenly. vision, nor these Words of Mary, and yet it is an enforcement of the Catholic truth. Still it is no part of "the Catholic faith, which, except a man believe faith fully and steadfastly, he cannot be saved." Like the counsel of our Lord, all do not-1 receive it, but those to whom it is given. There is a faith which rests upon the doctrines of the Church, and con tent with that, looks not beyond. And there is a faith which is ever standing betwixt the borders of time and eternity, keenly alive with interest for every sound which is heard from the heavens. There are souls, and faithful souls, who are little disposed to cultivate the supernatural beyond the beaten track. There are others who are over credulous, and who seize upon every rumour of things professing to come from beyond this world, without much care or consideration for its evi dence. Then, again, there are souls whose faith is dull and sluggish, because it is not cultivated with any degree of earnest prayer ; souls whose faith rests more on habit than it lives by action. To such a believer it is a burden which he bears, perhaps somewhat painfully, perhaps with a certain sense of humiliation rather than of humility. It is not, the animating principle which carries him through his every-dtiy life. The cares of the world are uppermost with him, or pleasures absorb him, or he is vain of his knowledge, or proud of his reason, or human respect has taken hold of him, has entered within him, and holds his soul a captive. This is a large class, and to them the report of news from heaven is commonly attended with more uneasiness than interest, and rather inclines to give trouble than to awaken or to console. Not often is the case, be cause they are wisely prudent, and unwilling to commit themselves, but because the supernatural has no charms for them. The invisible world is remote from their minds and aloof from their affec tions. The foreign intelligence in which they delight is of another kind. Their souls have made no home, no affectionate friends in their spiritual country. They believe in miracles as a general point of faith, but would thank you not to bring them to their door. The last despatch from the seat of war is incomparably more interesting to them than the ' great news' brought by the Mother of God from heaven. The title of ?tnis book may deter many of that class from .opening it. But it was never intended for them. ?'?-?' ???? ??' ?? ???? There is another, class who will, read this book, but who have an impression on their minds, that neither the Arparition of our Lady of La Salette, nor her warnings, nor her prophecy, regard us in this country — that they, mainly refer to France, — that at all events that the second and the third commandments. of God are not those which are the most neglected in England. Alas ! let us all reflect a little upon what we know. England is full of blasphemies, 'and what, before heaven, is an English Sunday ! What are the habits of our rude and ignorant poor ? What their language ? and what their life on Sundays? Does it stop here .? Look ,at the late census, and survey both town and country. -The, shops are closed, and work ceases, but where are the great masses of the people? Is it to G'od' they 'give themselves 1 How long will men corifouni.1 cessation of business and the stopping of work, whacever be the motive with observance ? of the Suriday? Then, let us turn nearer home, to' our own poor people. How many, scattered over the :. face of-, ths-countrv, without Church or . pastor, go, .to no ; Mass,- and live without the observance of., the,- Sunday. ' When is there a now mission commenced, where numbers beyond all ; antir-'ipation' are' not foiiml, children of the faith who]1 have lived 'willViuvt the f.xercisO'Of. its duties? And' then, for thiit vice' for which Mary mourns, and which weighs down the. arm of her Son, — ' they swear, and introduce the name of my Son.' . ? Then, for this blasphemy — blasphemy against Jesus in His Holy Eucharist— blasphemy against Jesus in His Holy Sacrafice. Our sovereigns are not crowned without, it. . Our, peers enter not the Senate without it; Our representatives enter into parliament with it on their lips. Terrible oaths, in which God is called to witness against . Himself. 'I hey form a part of our laws, they are an element of our constitution. Then add to these blasphemies, those others against the Mother of our Lord, and against His saints, those against the other sacraments' and against holy things, . and those against the Church of God. How much of this do we continually hear from, members of the legislature, and from officials of all degrees. Let us consider those blasphemies, more dreadful still, which are uttered in a sort of satanic fervour on- platforms and in powerful as sociations.- That active propagandis'm, those energeticorganizations,all those hired instruments^ upheld and sent forth, with no other object than to spread and promote these blasphemies, and to bring our poor to join them with the yet deeper criminality of apostacy. Then 'consider that more horrible class of apostates, men, driven' from the sarictaaries which they have profaned by their crime.s, going forth with the. light' of truth .within them, however defiled, and gathering in this land for the mere price which is-paid.for^their blas phemies. And they come and reinvent such blasphemies as hell alone can -match in atrocity, and which, but for their hire, they would never think of inventing, nor of :givnig utterance 'to.. ', ;' _ -;'t-''\1-'1--'' . *. V Next consider how widely our literature is im bued -with abuse and denial' of the thifigs of God. How the crime of blasphemy, not 'coarsely, not vulgarly,, but deeply and efficaciously penetrates into so many of our books of science.. Tiow it spreads through: so -many of our-periodicals. How loudly and how vehemently it is heard in vast numbers of our newspapers. Consider, again, our English Sunday 'with refe rence to this most melancholy subject, and those thousand of pulpits, from which, to''speak against Jesus in His Holy Eucharist, in His Holy Sa crafice, in His other Sacraments, in His Blessed Mother, in His Saints, in His Ctiurch, in His Vicar on earth, is the entertainment niiinglecl with the invocation of God, and furnished for 'the guid ance of so many of our countiymen. There may be ignorance behind all this,, blas phemy, and to an undefinable extent, there is, blind *and dreadful ignorance. But that unhal lowed temper which is so widely exhibited can never be called invincible. The excitement, the unscrupulousness, the fierce passion, the bitter and turbulent zeal with, which these blasphemies come out from the mouths of so many of our countrymen, tre the sad and too sensible proof, if they could see or would reflect, that they are not acting with that spirit of God, which is peaceful, . mild, ;pati en t, charitable .; but that they are, con- tending against the Holy Spirit of peace. It is the terrible spectacle of the Pharisees and;Sad ducees before our Lord that is renewed in this against His institutions, His doctrines, and' His saints. But let us suppose, however impossible the supposition may be, that men, and men bap tised, and acting under the impression that : they have insurmountable conviction, can deny, and insult, and defile the truths of God and'the facts of His holy religion, after they have been ^pro claimed to them and heard by them, witjfas much ease and peace of conscience a3 they, may de^l in a like spirit with whatever is in itself intrinsically false and without any relationship with their.-own souls ; even then, what a spectacle to-. God and to all good souls is a vast and agitated: multitude of men, blindly, ignorantly, and passionately blas pheming the truths of heaven' and: the' sucram en ts of grace, the divinest gifts of God' arid1 tW holiest fruits of the love of. Jesus. : '; ^; ' ' ' After thus considering what 'England is, and especially what an English Sunday 'is —say, whether there is no voice for us in La- ..Salette. Whether we do not require to practise, expiations and atonements. Whether we have, no need of such a Confraternity as that of Our Lady, Reconciler of Sinners of' La Salette, for the 'reparation of blasphemy and the abuse of the Sunday. Whether of all expiatory devotions it is not the one most needed, most adapted to our wants and to our cir cumstances. . , That heavenly voice, w'as undoubtedly ad dressed to France . immediately and in, the first instance. It bus already carried, both its warn ings and its blessings into countries more remote. But La Salette is intimately associated with the Catholic Church in this country.1 ' It has already caused much prayer to be said for England. Twice a d;iy the missioners of La Salette invite the pilgrims, as they arrive, to offer up their :prhyers7or England. Twice a diiy in'tliat holy Sanctuary .are prayers in public offered up on. our 'behalf. I am nut 'without grave reason for believ ing that a part -of one of thosu mysterious secrets has reference to the future of the Church, in Eng land. I do not now refer to a statement recently puhiishad, for [ nm satisfied, through my own ex amination:;, that in part of its detuilVonihis sub ject, however accurate in othe;s, there is some mistake; and yet I venture to affirm that L. have been able to put together, from di^re'it points, fcvidenc-s sufficient in its construct ivn to satisfy my own mind, that Mary spoke of England, and in words that intimate a day of consolation in some future time. I cannot but join my impres sion of such an intimation with those continuous prayers which she has moved her children on her holy mountain to offer for our country. And it is with tlie hope of inducing pious Catholics in Eng land to join their devotions with, those of our brethren on. the Continent, and with those of Our Lady's pilgrims, more fervently and more abundantly ; . and to give them a motive for in voking our Lady of La Salette with more devotion and more confidence, that I have been led to give , this expression to the convictions' which I have imbibed. ' Let me conclude .with the words of a very great personage, which, though spoken in private, have found their way to the public ear: — 'The Pilgrimage of La Salette is au thentic AND FULL OF THE FUTURE. ' . 