' A STORY OF COLT'S REVOLVERS. ' Air Irishman, formerly well known as one of the choicest spirits in Trinity College, Dublin, but who, owing to the dilapidated fortunes of his ancient family expatriated himself some few years since, and entered the Turkish army, wrote a letter or rather a journal addressed to a friend, about year since, of which the following is an extract. It may suffice to state that he was engaged in the Turkish campaign in Arts, and during a severe engagement, was wounded on the ' heights of Buch-Kadik-Lar. After having described the horrors of the field and his narrow escapes in' two or three skirmishes, he gave the detail of his sufferings for a day and two nights, during which he lay exposed among the slain and wounded on the field of battle. The story of the manner of his escape from two plundered or camp followed by means of a revolving pistol is so curious that I make no apology for extracting and forwarding a somewhat lengthy passage. The whole letter appeared to me most singular and interesting, but this part of it mon M than any for how many of our own poor fellows at Arms, and more especially Inkerman, may have been deprived of life under somewhat similar circumstances, without happening to have the same means of resistance? If this story act a a hint to our soldiers and our future authorities, I shall be well repaid for the trouble I have taken. As to the truth of the tale, let that speak for itself. There are some things that can- not be either imagined or invented to easily M they may happen. If war desolate the world physically, it cannot be denied that it is at least a fertile roman, cost. I will now commence the narrative, beginning about the middle of the journal. All had for long been silent, five occasionally a groan from some poor devil wounded like me, perhaps dying, and the howl- ing of the wolves from the forest skirting the field of battle a pretty sort of wake for a decent Christian Turk, and worse by distances I can tell you, my dear, titan Pat Houlagan'a grandmother's screeches the night we entered her cabin on the moor after that famous day's snipe shooting, when they laid him out, as they said, " so decent, wide the plate on his chest, the scalpers," Well, to return from this digression, I felt how fortunate it was that I lay so near the middle of the plainer sort of centre-dish, you see -winds otherwise I would have been torn by some savage beast or other, before any one would have been likely to inquire into the precise zoological na- turn of my decease. I knew very well the next morning I would be rescued, u I could see that the Rus- signs were retiring, their fires being all out this night, and I had just said to myself, " Jack, it is all right, you will be easy and comfortable with your limb elegantly bandaged to-morrow," and I actually tried to whistle "The Bells of Shandon" and "Rory O'More," and one or two other times, to keep up my spirits. It was rather a failure both in execution and intention, I will own. And now for a description which our old friend Charley Lever might de- justice to. On a leaf- less tree near me at six or seven huge bird of prey, gorged with their horrible report. I knew they were not likely to touch me whilst I remained living-I cannot add, lively ; but suddenly I saw a figure that the to and fro, like the ghost of my aunt and occasionally stooping, u if engaged in some office of mercy, and thereby now and then lost among the broken groups of men, horses, Sec, heaped upon the here, and now and then emerging into the bright light of the moon u it came forth from behind the dark masses of clouds that occasionally ob feared that unable landscape. " What's it?" says L Presently I became aware of the existence of four or five other figures similarly employed. At one time I thought they were women, and then priests administering consolation and all I thought of the Spanish stories poor Major Atkins used to tell us. I knew there were men in Aata,though could not tell where these came from. Then all kind of strange thoughts of ghosts and vampires, the very creation of the country I was in, suggested themselves to my imagination. I gazed until I could gave no longer at their forms, which seemed hardly to approach nearer, and at length fell back contemplating a silvery halo round the moon, which put me in mind of the Cove of Cork and Lucy M-, the darling. I might have continued thus about half-an-hour, when a sound caused me to turn round, and beheld a sight that filled me with horror. A figure like one of the witches in Macbeth we stoop- ing over and grappling with the wounded Russian general, who lay some ten paces distant from me. I could hear every breath and movement of the pair u the veteran struggled with his fiendish assailant. There was a fearful stillness about that deed for the victim uttered not a word, probably in disdain of his fate. At length he succeeded in holding off her skinny and ensanguined arms, and while doing so uttered a few words in Russian, which I could not understand Finding her task difficult, The gave a hiss like a serpent, end presently a male confederate, looking like Burke or Hare clothed for an Adelphi melodrama, such a X have - seen in London, stole to her assistance and deliberately passed a long knife into the bosom of the hapless Russian. I heard the sound of it, and the low deep groan that followed. Vainly had I endeavoured to shout, in order to scare these friends from their prey ; but my tongue clave to the roof of my mouth. I We like one under a nightmare. Suddenly the moon dived beneath a cloud. When it came out again the sport of the field of death had finished plundering the Russian general whose white hair, livid features, and starting eyeballs I could plainly see, and were engaged in dividing or securing the booty. The glittering eyes of the wrinkled Zingara, for such she was then turned upon me. It was evident from their expression that my turn was at hand. A tumult of thoughts agitated my breast. To die thus, after escaping with life from the events of the week ! It was horrible. Already I felt the clutch of those bird-like finger at my throat. Already I fancied that butcher-like knife, red from a hundred murders, and warm from the old general aside, slowly passing into my breast. I could offer no resistance. My left arm was broken my ankle twisted-my strength utterly gone. I raised myself partly up, as with hideous deliberation the pair cautiously approached, one on each side. What would I have given at that moment to be heading a " forlorn hope;" to be struggling with the breakers as when lately wrecked in the stormy Caspian to be standing opposite the best saw handle shot in the County Galway to be hobnobbing over my father's claret, in my grand- father's house, with the blackguard attorney who ruined us all to be listening to the unmistakeable refusal to marry me of the only girl I ever loved, or be arrested by a dirty tailor on the eve of a steeplechase in which I was the favourite gentleman rider. Don't fancy that I thought of all these things at that time, though I never thought so much in a year as I did in those few moments. The ugly Jewish features of the man approached me with the fascination of a serpent. I twisted myself round to meet the still more fiendish glance of the woman. They neared me. The clutch of the bag is already at my throat. The knife of the man is praised. Suddenly the cords of speech were loosened, and I screamed screamed like a bone in the agony of the battle-field. I shall never forget the sound of my own voice in that unearthly cry. The monsters drew back, but it was only to look at each other and indulge in a chuckle of ghostly merriment. At that instant I thought of some- thing-with my right hand I drew forth my Colt's revolver, I remembered distinctly, during the instant it took to pluck it forth, all the incidents of the two days previous each time I had fired it, and that there were two charges left when I was shot down from my home. To snatch it forth-to cock it j -to level it-to pull the trigger was the work of a second. Down went the man, a filthy corpse upon the ground. I remember seeing the shadowy forms of the obscene birds grouped crops up in the solitary tree near me lazily extend their wings u the sharp report rang out. The bag fled half a dozen paces, like a startled ghoul ; but she wuburthened with spoil, and her foot caught against the very corpse of him whom she had just assisted to murder. Before she could rise, I had covered her with my pistol. One! two! three! "She has it!" I cried. But it was not fated that she should enjoy the privilege of instant death. She fell wounded and crippled. Her moans and male, elections were horrible. I had struck her, I believe, in the hip joint. At length, I conceived the idea of dragging myself from that appalling vicinity for these two wretches had made the accustomed sights and sounds of the battle-field familiar and endurable by comparison with their neighbourhood either in life or death. I was not disturbed again that night, and indeed do not remember much more, until I found myself on glitter, and among friendly faces. Looking forth, u I was borne away, I saw only one sight in all that ghostly field of death. It was the old Zingara's corpse. Plunders! in turn by my soldiers, ft lay naked, stripped of its gaudy rags, and a monstrous vulture had selected it for its prey, a something more corrupt than all that lay around. My faithful Achmet told me that for four hours after they found me he could not succeed in getting me to relax my grip on my Colt's pistol. If I survive these wars, and ever become a respectable' citizen is a' ould Ireland'' again, that weapon shall be a precious heirloom to hand down to my children's children as the instrument of my Providential escape from such a death. l ' a , We learn with regret from the correspondent who has furnished us with the above extract that the writer was seen after killed, and the unfinished letter, or rather journal, addressed to a dear friend, was forwarded after many months had elapsed, at the close of last year, by a Scotch renegade in the same regimes to its intended destination. . 