ENGLISH NEWS TO APRIL 5. The barque Polly, of Glasgow, and the brig Pelican, both on their way to Liverpool, have been wrecked at Ramsay, Isle of Man. The Duke of Argyle, was installed as Lord Rector of Edinburgh University. One hundred and fourteen civil artificers, collar makers, wheelers, and , blacksmiths, have embarked at Woolwich, for the East. Tho booksellers in Paternoster row have all agreed to close at five o'clock every Saturday evening succeeding the 7th of April. Mr. E. Antrobus is a candidate for Wilton, vacant by the retirement of Mr. A'Court. The Hon. E. . Mostyn, eldest son of Lord Mostyn, is about to marry the Ladv A. Nevill, daughter of the Earl of Abergavenny. The Calcutta, with the 1st Royal Lanca- shire Militia arrived at Corfu, on the 16 th ult. By the death of Sir John Keane, and of tho Rev. Dr. Parkes, 3000 acres of land, near Lismore aud Tallow, fall to the Duke of Devonshire. The British Association for the Advance- ment of Science will hold their annual meet- ing in Glasgow, in the month of September. There are about 1000 cotton weaving-looms in Dunifrieshire : of these there are only 544 in use. The damage by fire, at the cotton mill of Messrs. Heaton, Bolton, is estimated at £16,000. The increase of pauperism, during the past year, has been as near as possible 2½ per cent. The stock of malt, in 1854, was 4,751,865 bushels; and the additional duty imposed was £952,677 18s. 9d. Her Majesty and the Prince Consort have given a joint donation of £300, and a condi- tional promise of £200 more, towards the Portsmouth Sailors' Home. H.M.S. Crane is expected at Plymouth, from the coast of Africa, to be paid off, her period of service having expired. The motion of Mr. Scholefield for a com- mittee of inquiry into the adulteration of drugs, drinks, and articles of food, is deferred till after Easter. The Rev. John Peachey Francis, vicar of Holy-cross, Canterbury, has committed suicide by shooting himself. Every sick and wounded soldier, arriving, in Dublin from the Crimea, will be provided with a bed, breakfast, dinner, and tea, at the Lord Lieutenant's expense. Winter has not quite departed. Dartmoor has been snow- clad for several days, and storms of sleet have prevailed during the past week. The Bishop of Winchester has prohibited a Southampton clergyman from holding a paro- chial cure, in consequence of his being ap- pointed chaplain to the gaol and poorhouse of that town. The incumbency of St. John's Church, Clap- ham, rendered vacant by the death of the Rev. W. Jowett, has been conferred on the Rev. W. Heath. The postmaster-general has just paid a fifth part of the life assurance annual premium of every post-office official in the kingdom who has insured his life. Mr. W. Richardson, a large manufacturer, while reading some news on one of the Liver- pool exchange pillars, suddenly fell dead on the floor. William Wright, convicted of the murder of Ann Collins, at Lydiard Tregoze, near Swindon, was hung in front of the county gaol, Fisherton Anger, on Tuesday. A man named Elijah Hill, was engaged in quarrying limestone near Shrewsbury, when an explosion took place, which deprived him of his sight. Thirty-three candidates have offered them- selves for the head mastership of Bedford School, Oxford, now vacant by the retirement of Dr. Brereton. There has been no renewal of disturbances in Staffordshire, and, the colliers in several of the principal firms have gone to work at reduced wages. An overlooker in a manufactory at Col- chester died suddenly on the 15th ult. The next morning, another overlooker also fell to the floor and died. An explosion of fire-damp took place at the Gellygaer collieries. One man was killed, and two others were severely hurt. Up to the 19th ult., the total number of steamers engaged by the admiralty as regular transports is ninety-eight, sailing vessels, one hundred and two. Mdlle. Alboni, the celebrated contralto, will visit England during the ensuing season. Dr Andrew Smith is no longer director- general of the medical department of the army. The Earl of Cardigan has succeeded the Duke of Cambridge as inspector general of cavalry. The Marquis of Anglesey is forming a costly and valuable racing stud. Mr. C. H. Darling, late Governor at the Cape, has been appointed governor of New- foundland, in the room of Mr Kerr Baillie Hamilton. M. Jullien has retired, pro tempore, to his estate in Belgium, to take some repose after the fatigues of his double winter season and his long tour in the provinces. Lady C. Molyneux, sister of the Earl of Sefton, died suddenly on Sunday, at Croxteth park. Mr Samuel [????]ers the poet, is greatly improved in health. The venerable poet enters on his ninety-third year in July. A GHOST IN LOVE.— A farmer, who had lately become a widower, was aroused at, mid- night by the loud barking of his dog. On going to it the animal displayed extreme terror, whereupon the farmer took his gun and proceeded to an inspection. All at once he saw a phantom, clothed in a white sheet, rise behind the hedge. The farmer turned deadly pale, and his limbs shook with dismay. He however, contrived to ejaculate, "If you come from God, speak ; if from the devil, vanis" "Wretch," exclaimed the phantom, "I am your deceased wife, come from the grave to warn you not to marry Maria A—, to whom you are making love. The only woman to succeed me is Henrietta B —. Marry her, or persecution and eternal torment shall be your doom." This strange address from the goblin, instead of dismaying the farmer,, restored his courage. He accordingly rushed to the ghostly visitor, and, stripping off the sheet discovered the fair Henrietta B— herself looking extremely foolish. It is said that the farmer, admiring the girl's trick, has had the banns published for his marriage with her.— Gateshead Observer. 