ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. THE WORKING MINERS' PROTECTION SOCIETY, To the Editor of the Bendigo Advertiser. Dear Sir,—Permit me through your columns to call the attention of my fellow- diggers to the meeting of the Working Miners' Protection Society, to be held this evening in Burall's Assembly Rooms for the purpose of eurolling the names of parties desirous of joining the said society, and of explaining its objects to those who have not been present at our meetings. The co-oper iitive system will also be more fully explained than it has yet been, and as the business is very important, it is to be hoped that a large number of diggers will attend. Remember, diggers, that it is moonlight nights just now, and good roads, so that if you are really interested in this movement yon have no good excuse to stop away. Trusting, Mr. Editor, you will speak a good word in favor of the new society, I remain, dear sir, your's very truly, WILLIAM D. C. DENOVAN. Sept. 27th, 1855. N.B.—Are the diggers aware of the public meeting to be held on next Saturday? To the Editor of the Bendigo Advertiser. Sir,—Poor Tom Steele, who had a known weakness for legitimate notoriety, during a preliminary discussion at the celebrated state trials, offered some unexpected interruption, whereupon the Attorney-General jocosely declared "if he did not immediately sit down he would strike his name out of the indictment," which would have been the direst punishment he could have in- flicted upon the Head Pacificator; and if, without dis- honoring his memory, 1 might dare mention an obscure scum bubble in connection with his name, I believe I might truly assert that my contemptuous passing over of Mr. Dun Brown in my last letter, really riled the fellow much more keenly than if I criticised and commented at length on his frothy belchings. I went to see him exhibit himself on last Saturday, as I would to see the gambols of a monkey in a red jacket, on the back of an elephant, or in front of a show- box; and though I heard him threaten and abuse "Shilelah," I was rather moved to pity than to anger, and would most cheerfully—if he sent round the hat in a public manner—have dropped in my half-crown; for far from bearing the poor devil any ill will, I am quite ready to contribute my mite towards relieving him from his Black Swan engagement, and supplying him with an independent digger's outfit. Although we are not doomed to be dazzled with the effulgence of two suns in the same firmament, it appears we can be inflicted with the botheration of two rival sets of ranters in the same arena—for while the Captain was performing his dry task before a parcel of jeering auditors, the echoes of his rigmarolery were commingled with the braying of the metaphysical donkies in front of the Shamrock. I dub them metaphysical, because they deal out their hollow doctrines and lame meta- phors in such abstruse and incomprehensible terms, that their so-called speeches are perfect riddles to the multitude until they are unlocked by a key, ill the shape of a pendant letter. Thus we have the eternal labor- loving Denovan, endeavoring to explain, in a prosy epistle, his grand axiom, "that labor is the fountain of all work," and Sunbeam Mackenzie, minutely enlight- ening us on the manufacture of steam giants, like the artist, who, after painting a sign board, thought it pru- dent to write under the picture, "this is a cock," lest any one should mistake it for a unicorn. But I would strongly advise those epistolary gentlemen, before again taking up their pens, to ponder and reflect on the story of the poor woman, who, on seeing her son hanged for forgery, exclaimed in bitter anguish, " Oh Charley, Charley, bad luck to the day that ever I had you taught writing," for I really believe it would save the maternal relatives of those ink-wasting patriots a deal of mental pain and anxiety. Talking of Mackenzie, I really thought he was poking fun at us the other evening, when, flourishing his sunbeam in our eyes, as I would my shilelagh, he talked of "moving the world;" but it turned out after all that it was no joke, for he actually gave them ana rehime- dean shake in Melbourne, which the simple-minded people mistook for an earthquake, while in reality it emanated from the fulcrum in Pall Mall, and was nothing more nor less than a gentle hint to the capital- ists there as to what they might expect in close quarters if they persisted in forcing their dirty money down the throats of the Bendigo people—dirty butter for sarvants indeed; let them keep their trash to themselves, the Russian tyrants. I warned them in my last to "keep a sharp look-out for earthquakes," which, I suppose, was partly the cause of their thunder; but if they will be obstinate let the blame be upon their own heads. And now, with your leave, I will take a glance at the first meeting of the Miners' Protection Association, from which title I suppose it is to be inferred, that the class are apprehensive of some impending calamity, some approaching epidemic, that threatens either to transmute our gold into dross, or paralyse the arms and energies of the diggers, for the staple cry of their spouters was, "organise to protect our industry," "organise for the protection of labor;" but further deponents say not, nor for the life of me could I learn the nature of the danger, nor where the dire enemy that is to annihilate us is lurking. If they would condescend to enlighten me I would most probably become a recruit, if they would, in a distinct manner, point out our antagonist, I would not mind having a go in at him; or if they could only show us "foemen worthy of our steel,'' I think I could muster a handful of Tipperary Boys who would hammer the rust off their jackets; but since my earliest childhood entertained a lively apprehension of ghosts, and even now, in my mature years, I cannot bring my- self to battle with the unreal phantoms and veritable Mr. Harrises that are conjured up by such mock magicians as Messrs. Denovan and Co. Pumphandle Benson said, from the chair, "that as digging had become a profession, they ought to organise to protect their industry but at that point he most provokingly stopped short. He did not point out where our industry was weak, how it might be strength- ened, or in what manner it was likely to be attacked. When boards for the protection of health are organised they tell us in what respects we are negligent—prescribe precautions, and proclaim the startling fact that typhus fever or cholera is approaching, and to be upon our guard. But our organisers prescribe nothing beyond the admission fee, leaving us completely in the dark as to the necessary safeguards, without as much as hinting at the form or type of the malady. As digging, in Ben- sonian slang, has become a profession, I am certainly entitled to a diploma, and perhaps having paid for that document, I might be initiated into the freemasonry of the organising juggle. Some of my unsophisticated mates suggested to me, analgously arguing, from one of the late statutes of the Local Court, enacting "that quartz mill proprietors were to provide curled hair matt- rasses and hot suppers for the miners," that probably what Denovan and Co. meant was to protect them from the hot sun in the coming summer by laying in a cheap stock of umbrellas and awnings. Mr. Denovan did not solve the problem either, for he only rang the changes by asserting "that it was absolutely necessary to form an organisation for the protection of labor,'' without shadowing forth an iota of maladies, umbrellas, or awnings. What he principally noticed was, "that labor had to bow and scrape at the nod of a master," stating his anxiety, "by means of essays and tracts, to establish a proper relationship betwixt master and servant," or in other words, to show to a mathematical nicety what, in his opinion, should be the depth of the bow and the length of the scrape, so that servants should avoid ministering to the vanity of their masters by making the bow too low or the scrape too long. He concluded by modestly comparing him- self to Cobden and Bright, "calling on the meeting to support him and his adherents, as they, C and B, were supported," by which I understood him to suggest the collection of a testimonial to indemnify him for his in- valuable services and sacrifices. Sunbeam Mac., as we say in ould Ireland, "fairly let the butter come through the stirabout," for he unguardedly admitted "that he came to Australia with the intention of getting gold, becoming rich, and returning to his father-and-mother land, amongst the serfs of old Europe, which, in my mind, was a very bad compliment to the association in particular and the miners in general, though I believe I may venture to tell him, by way of consolation, that wherever he goes he will leave a great many dry eyes after him. But as my mate shouts "bucket" from the bottom of the shaft, I must conclude for the present. Yours, &c.;, SHILELAGH. P.S.—I advised you in my last not to cumber your columns with their trash, but I verily believe the quickest and most effectual way of squashing those mouthers is to print and publish every tittle they utter. The miners will then "convict them out of their own mouths." I understand D. and Co. think you are Shilelah; tell them if they have a fancy to form his acquaintance that you are authorised to withdraw the veil. 