PAGAN AND CHRISTIAN FUNERALS. The illustrious Schlegel proves in his ad mirable work, ' The Philosophy of History,' that not only the most natural and most beautiful, but also the wildest and most monstrous developments of the ancient my thology, were nothing more or less than per versions or gross exaggerations of the divine revelations made to man : thus instead of guardian angels of men and places, we find genii, nymphs of every variety, spirits sup posed to possess protecting power, forming no small portion of the old Greek and Ro man's faith, and exercising considerable in fluence on their life and manners. In the same way, we suppose, so natural a rite as the burial of the dead — a matter which would at first view seem to claim the great est reverence and simplicity — a ceremony which should exclude all pomp and pageantry of worldly show and ostentatious bravery, — had become among them a vain — almost an inhuman — ovation ; a show rather to gratify the morbid and unrnortified longings of the living than display reverence and respect for the awful dead. The aneient Romans ai rived by slow degrees at the absurd final de velopment of their funereal ritual. They at first simply interred their dead — they ulti-' mately burned them — they hnally held un holy orgies over or around thek tombs, — oftentimes offered propitiatory victims to their manes, and made ' the cold, contracted cell of death' re-echo with frantic baccha nalian cries, and the very tombstone itself become an altar of licentiousness. The Church of Christ, instructed by the Holy Ghost, has from the earliest ages been par ticularly attentive to the decent interment of the dead. She looks upon her sacred cere monies .and rites as either symbols of man's faith and hope, or signs of the piety of her faithful children, or the means- of obtaining sweet refreshment or unending repose for im mortal souls. (1). There is something re viving and exhilirating, something akin to the sensation caused by unexpected fragrance greeting our senses, on dropping on some passage descriptive of the funeral ceremonies of the early Christians. Here is an exam ple : ' Two principles,' says Cardinal Wise man, ' as old as Christianity regulate the mode of burial. The first is, the manner of Christ's entombment. He was laid in a grave in a cavern, wrapped up in linen, em balmed with spices-, and a stone sealed up ?closed His sepulchre. # # # # The lying in wait for the resurrection was the second thought that guided the forma tion of these [early Christian] cemeteries. Every expression connected with them allu ded to the rising again. The word to bury is unknown in Christian inscriptions. ' De posited in peace,' 'the deposition of ? ,' are the expressions used : that is the dead are but left there for a time, till called for again, as a pledge, or precious thing, in trusted to faithful, but temporary keeping.' Thus simple, beautiful, and thoughtful was it in the early Church; and thus would it have continued to the present day, had not heresy, like the deadly night-shade spread its pestiferous influence around, ? blighting, blasting, or withering some of the purest and most consoling customs of the Church of the living God. Meditate for a moment on our modern fu neral processions. We have a long array of melancholy carriages ; we see the black and gloomy hearse with its ' monstrous' funereal plumes ; we look on a band of venal 'mock mourners assuming looks of sorrow ? for which they are paid — and moving onwards as if they were approaching not ' a bed of peaceful rest,' a quiet Christian grave but some frightful Pagan crypt, or some ' cave of the dead,' sacred to the remains of the mangled victims of Juggernaut. -fay more, we find benefit societies go out of. their proper sphere, bedeck themselves in an unmeaning masquarade costume of woe and follow a dead brother to his grave with every circumstance of worldly display, with the very exhibition which seems most re pugnant to the simplicity of Christian feel ing. Oh, Catholic reader, when the trumpet of the Almighty one shall resound from sphere to sphere, — when its piercing notes shall rend the graves, and call the nations in multitudes together, what symbol, what standard will appear before us ? The bles sed cross of Christ. Why should we then be borne to- our ' narrow home,' our place of temporary rest, with a miserable earthly display : with a pageantry made of assumed woe ana unaissemoieq pnele ;- with a gloomy pomp as if we had been in life so many Fa talists ; now about to be consigned to an everlasting gloom— to total oblivion ? True, in truth, has heresy made the melancholy words of Seneca : — ' Pompa mortis magis terret q-uam mors ipsa.' Nothing can be more simple than an Italian funeral. The clergy go in procession to the Louse or residence of the deceased— the body is borne to the Church — the sub lime service of the dead (including Mass) is gone through — then the simple but impres sive cortege, still accompanied by the clergy, passes on to the cemetery ; a-nd amid prayer? and tears, and incense,— the blessed cross of Christ shining brightly before as the heavenly standard of the dead, — is the Catholic faith ful departed consigned to his or her tempo rary resting place. Although, owing to tiie I nature of our colonial law and other causes, I we may not have the full ceremonial of the Roman Ritual carried into effect in Sydney,. we should at least do all in our power to prevent Catholic funerals becoming anything like Pagan ones. — Could we not arrange for simple hearses ? What need of mutes or mummery of any sort ? Why go to expense at the very time that retrenchment is a matter of duty, if not a necessity? Why have such long and proud displays of mourn ing coaches ? Surely the deposition of our Christian dead ought to be simple .! We have heard it remarked, that occa- 1 sional displays of drunkenness, occasional I quarrels among the charioteers of the mourn ing coaches, and sometimes smoking in car riages, may now and then be observed at funerals in Sydney. All this we can hardly believe. We think some of .our funerals have been very strangely conducted :— wo cannot believe any of them to have been ab solutely grotesque; ? For some weeks past no British subjects have been allowed to quit Russia ; and re fractory English workmen have been threatened with an exile in distant regions. The United States Government have sent a Colonel of Engineers, a Major of the Ord nance, and a Captain of Cavalry, to the Crimea, to study war in earnest. The whole military expenditure of France falls within £20,000,000 annually in the present time of war, while that of England | is expected to exceed £43,000,000. I Letters from St. Petersburg state that the I American vessel which got into Revel betoro | the blockade has since left for Komngsberg | in ballast. I 