Tra. T'iAa.B- - -last evening 31r Coppin ;ook his benefit on which occasion the play of Hamlet was performed. The Hamlet of Mir Brooke as a fine piece of aci showing a most thorough appreciation of this iffiicult characer. In the ghost scene and also in the scene with the Oaeen where Polonius is killed. 3Ir Brooke's per oning was most powerful and touching, 3is Cathfcr, as Ophelia. acted with coniderable talent, and rendered the chaacter with much grace. 3Ir Youge took the partt of the King and also that of the. Ghosf to which he f ample justice. The Poloiuso. 3Mr Coppin is deserving of every oumendadon The house was exceedingly well attended. Mr BrooIe's-benefit is fieed for this evening. when he takes the role of O'Callghan in " His Last LEs." Mr Brooke is said to excel quite as mncn edy as he does in tragedy. OCalaghan will he a fair sample of his poer in the comic line. GEELOXG RIFLE COBPS.-In our notice of the nomination of an adjutant for the corps, which appeared in Wednesday's paper, a tepographical error was made with respect tothennmberof votes which each of the three iadidares obtained. The snodidates were 3r Layrd. 3Ir Fleming. and 3Ir BInmish ; and thee re wre members of the corps prenr, 20 cf whon exercised their right of otng. rTe result of the ballot w-as that for 3Ir Layrd seven sates were given, for 3Ir leming 7, and for Mr Bluntish 6. GEiE O-S G A.D WESTER- DISTRICT AGRI CULTURAL ANxD HORTICrrLTUr AL S-o CIETY.-At a meeting of the Committee ofthe Geelong; ard Western L'istriet Agricultural and Horticultral Society, on Tuesday ast, it was decided that the Society' first pughing ach -hould be held in the Barabool Hlils Ditrict on Frida . I8th 3Iav. and that the following prizes should be awaided:- Ploughing with horse draught twohorses. lstprie,"t1; L2d. ; 3rd, 4\. Wi-h bullock draught 1st prizs£8;2od. £4; each to p.ough half an acre, and the bullock plough to commence at half- past 0 o'clock: the horses at 11 o'edck, and to finish before 3 o'clcck. A prize of l will also be awarded for thebest horse term on the the grousd. The time forr ecrinia ofs of land for thE rnarcrtobe fed on is exteded to 1ath ist., when the locality chosen win Le made know. The Society also ofe-s aprize for the beit managed farm of rot less than 5tt rre. Inteniing competitors. rcem hr-s cf the society should give notice of imtention tn compc2 to the secretary before the 20th of tor sock fruits, vegetables, &c.;, should be fixed at the corrmicee'snet meeting. 