i PHILIP OTLAHERTY, INTERPRETER TO ' LORD RAGLAN. {From the Liverpool Courier, 20th December.) "WHEN everything connected with the war is eagerly sought after, the following particulais will not he considered devoid of interest. They . are taken from a pamphlet lying before us, entitled Philip O'Flahcrty, the young soldier. From time to time we have given to our readers, on the subject of the war, the impressions of ¡politicians, soldiers, and philosophers. We beg now to submit those of a Christian. The following notice appeared in the Times, from its special correspondent, dated Varna, August 26th : Our officers and men are beginning to make more or less progress in the language, and the intelligent ser- geants that we have can make themselves pretty in- telligible to the natives ; indeed, a private named O'Flaherty, of the 7th regiment, has made such good use of his time since he has been here, that he under- stands both Greek and Turkish, and was passed the other day as third-class interpreter-Sir George Blown ?having sent out his interpreter at the man's request to .examine him, when he was found perfectly competent for the post. $ Philip O'Flaherty is thus introduced to us. A few years ago, a lad, between fourteen and fifteen years of age, a Romanist, and in rags, applied to the superintendent of the Ballingdcn district for admission into ^one of his schools, and was received. In his how position ho made extraordinary progress, and in a short time was appointed assistant teacher in a school in which lhere were one hundred and twenty Boman ?Catholic scholars. He left the Chuich of Home, and'manifestcd all the zeal of a young ?convert on behalf of his pupils. Though few of them could read, he taught them orally the greater part of the Shorter Catechism, and stored their minds with the leading doc- trines of the Gospel, lie had a singular taste for geography, and a very peculiar mode of teaching it to others. He became possessed of a map, which for safety he carried in his breast. When about to give instruction in geography, which he frequently did in the Iiish language, he called up four boys, who held up the map in the proper position', Avhile he proceeded to point out the chief cities, the principal mountains and rivers, the boundaries and divisions, &c.; The lessons done, the standard-hearers were relieved, and the bosom-friend returned to its place of safety. After some time he was appointed sole teacher of a school, which he taught with great spirit and success. Before and after school hours lie diligently improved his time in ac quiring knowledge ; and not unfrequently ia the winter nights might he be seen squatted near the peat-íiíc, or on his hands and knees blowing it, his book meanwhile on the ground beside him, and each flickering glare, as it fell upon the book, enabled him to transfer the informa- tion norn its pages to his quick and retentive memory. < Though his salary Avas small, yet the suppoit oí an aged father and younger brother devolved on him, in consequence of which he seldom had an beatty meal of Indian meal poriidqe, his sole food; and frequently he paitook of the scanty and humble fare without the condimen's of either salt or milk. ¡ Ile was often urged to in- sist on his father and brother going into the woikhousc, ( but* ' he preferred limiting himself in, the necessaries of life, and sharing with-j them the little he liad, to insisting on this step. To qualify himself the better for teaching, he became a scholar in the Ballinglen Institution, where an education much superior to what was given in any school in the district was imparted. Here amid difficulties that would have discouraged a less ardent spirit, he studied with considerable success. On one occasion while here, a younger boy had in some way rendered himself subject to school disci- pline,'and was about to be chastised, when Philip carne forward and volunteered to bear the pun- ishment; and thus by suffering instead of the «on, he testified his love for the father, who was one of his waimest friends. He was regular in his attendance at the Sabbath school and public Avorship f and when examined on the sermon, which was the, custom at this time in the Bal- linglen Presbyterian Church, he distinguished himself by his answeis. Still ho had many trials and difficulties to contend with. The per- secution of his Roman Catholic íelations was scarcely less intolerable than the suspicions of Protestants, some of whom are slow to make the same allowance for the shortcomings of converts from Popery that they would i eadiiy do for those who from childhood have been surrounded by Protestant influences, and enjoyed all the advan- tages of a liberal education. Some questioned the purity of his motives, and the sincerity of his professions ; others charged him with hypo- crisy ; and some, because of his great thirst for learning, said he was wrong in the upper storey, and would surely go mad. Their conduct might have helped to realise their predictions, had not some friends been raised up who had learned not to " break the bruised reed, or quench the smoking flax." The missionary of the district gave the poor fellow the right hand of fellow- ship ; and a few ladies, believing ihat he was determined to be a scholar, supplied him with candles, added to his little store of Indian meal when he was in want, and became both useful and faithful friends ever after. He was anxious to leave the Glen, there being no prospect of his bettering his condition there. A situation was procured for him in England by \--a friend ; but thither his father and brother fol- lowed him, and while persecuting him for his religion, they, with a meanness that fearfully de- picts the effects of Popery upon the mind, cast themselves upon him for support. Being unable to maintain them, without his former friends to advise him, and uttcily disheartened at the prospect before him, in an hour of great giief and trial ho enlisted as a common soldier. The recklessness that almost invariably characterises the young recruit does not seem to have attended him, for in several towns where he was stationed he sought out those who conducted, prayer meetings, associated with them, and took part in their devotional services ; and wherever he went he endeavoured to disseminate the blessed truths which he had learned in the Connaught Mission Schools. Last year a deputation from -the Irish Presbyterian Church visited England, to plead the cause of the Connaught Mission. After they had addressed a meeting in Man- chester, and had given some cheering accounts of the operations of the scriptural and industrial schools in the west of Ireland, a Scotch Presby- terian minister, resident in Manchester, ascended i the platform, and in a short but effective speech referred to a young soldier belonging to the re- giment then quartered there, whose exemplary .conduct, scholarship, and extraordinary ac- quaintance with Bible truth, made him a living epistleof the good done by Connaught schools, that might be seen and read of all men. The young Irishman, who was now wearing the uni- form of a British soldier at Manchester, is the same person who formerly carried his atlas in ! his bosom, and taught geography in the Irish language at Ballinglen. His regiment was known to be under orders for the East, and the minis- ter referred to proposed that he should be pre- sented with a good pocket Bible, which he could carry with him to the field of battle in ' Turkey. Though the subscription was limited to sixpence, yet such a sum was raised that it was proposed to purchase his discharge, and employ him as a catechist to his fellow-country- men. But ere these kind Christian friends had completed their arrangements, tidings came from the Horse Guards that no soldier could he bought off. The following extract shows the spirit in which he received his disappointment, and started on the expedition to the East. It is aliko worthy of the patriot, the soldier, and the Chiistian :- I But whether I am redeemed or not (as it now seems unlikely,) I will bless, or rnther regard you, while I live : and if I do not return, I will voluntarily lay down my life and safety for the honour, indepen d-nce, and protection of Britain, and to prevent despotic tyranny, or blind and idolatrous superstition from spreading itself into tho island that is to the world as the oasis ia to the desert. Yea, I will, as far as my personal exeitiona are concerned, endeavour to chciish our Christian Britain, die for the truth, and pievent not only Greek idolatrv, but Popish idolatry, from penetrating into our Christian country. Tell the whole people «midst whom you kbour, and all others, that, as a convert from Popish error, ns a British soldier and patriot, and as, a friend to religion, my wish is, that they may cmbiace the truth of Christ ns it is purely preached to thom ia Ballinglen or else- where. Religion does not make men cowards. No ! Though I thus express mvself, I do not wish to shed human blood-far from 'it ; but if I am forced to it. and must, I will. It is true, if I could be redeemed I would jo3fullv thank the Monds who did so; but this ia now unlikely. ... I have received the Bible, for the purchase of which the money was col- lected at the Corn Exchange. It ia a small reference Bible, with maps, admirably selected to fit in my bosom. I shall cany it with mo in my bosom where ever I go. Whore I fall, it shall fall. Our young soldier sometimes tried his hand at versification. From a piece written on the occasion of his departure, we make the follow- ing extract : Liko soldier?, our country wo'ro soinjr to miinfatn, H r hnnour. hrr laws, mid her rights to «nstain, lier pr'ory promote, nnd thn -war to decide, Sweet praco to establish. " The Lord will provide." We're proinir to AcfrncI onr dmr nntive Wo, The lund where pure truth nnd religion do pm'lo, Who» strencth's not in unifloro, whoäo breath doth subside, Dut her ttrcngth/lsin thia-" Tho Lord -«rill provide." The pnnrl of tho ocean, tho homo of tho free, Tho «lu ¡no of devotion nnd «weet liberty, Rio li hor beautv tho ftloom of barb irity hido Of Euinin's dnrk realms 1 Ko ; " Tho Lord will provide." Miall the Ininp rffho e'.rth bo dimm'd by tho C/nrî Shall our hone» bo braved hy tho tempest of war Î Shall the world's bright «tar-of all nation« tho pride By ItusBianB bo Uanipled ? No ; " Tho Lord will provide." Bririnn'a. the ploty and pride of Ht» -waves, Shall ne\ or, nqnever, to Ilu'stu bo tdavcn ; ' We'll dlo for our fa th, as our faiho-a hnvo died, Cheer'd on by the promise-" Tho Lor J will provide." From ape« remoto ?we've distin(jiii«hcd our nnmc, Our horocB have canied tho «wold and the ii line, Our flo»ts on tho billnwi do oarokasly ride ; Our motto U this-that " The Lord will provide." Whon kingdoms and nations npainat us did rise, When a tel nillo fl-ct our »hores did nu prise, L i ! wricked 1-7 the wavo< of tho ocean's dork tido Was that Spanish Armada-for " the Lord did provide." « « . . Now, tho Boor of the Notth most orafiily lurks, And realm io devour our allic» the Turki ; Ho grins at tho Lion, and Franco han deíkfl ; But »hortlv ho'll BOC how " the Lord will provide." ] So, Britons, to arms I tip. heroes of Trance ! With rword-, «pearn, and bayonets to Ttuspia ndvinoo, Till from the bloori-fctftlnori w .ives of DinuboM dark tide In triumph we return-" Tbo Lord will próvido." Tlioimh I hy rffllctiin and war ho opprert, Hi« word and hii Sp'rit this loreon fußeest That to Christ I by futth ho united and tied, Then bow chsoring the promise-"Tho Lord will provide !'' Under the head intercourse with the Turks, he thus writes : Camp Monester, July 29, 1851.-The evening of my arrival here I went into the village to get'some re- freshment ; but on entering a gorden the women "ran into their houses, and closed the doors in my face, and looked at me through little holes with a stick or two in them, which spive as windows. I a<>k<>d a man the reason of their doing so ; he replied, " Strangers are not to enter into the houses of Turks." I then told him that if a Turkish army went to England, men,' women, and children would be away throughout the whole length and breadth of the town or village in which they were Ptatinned to see them." I (hen said in Turkish, ',' my friends, we have no bread." To which he anti wered, " we did not know of your coming here, but a little brpad I have, and I will give it to you-by-and-by come." So I got'a little ekneck, (bread,) thanked them, and walked away. Next morn- ing I went in search of some eggs. I walked up to the door, but of course I did not go in. There was a girl washing at the door ; the moment she saw me she covered her face with her shawl, and ran into the house ; others did the same ; on seeing whioh, I im- mediately said (geurmedim), "I will not look." When they saw that I turned my head aside, they laughed at mo and looked veiy much rejoiced. I smiled and said (Yon movita var 7m,) i. c, "Have you any eggs?" They ran into their cabins, and brought me two doz'm of eggs at a halfpenny each, I assure you that the general interpreter left this house just befivre, and got nono. I, of course, said that I was much obliged, praised the bounty of the virgin daughter, and walked away. On departing, however, the daughter called me and uncovered her face, which is considered a gteat honour to a Chiiat'on, on their part at least, and said, " English, I would be very much rejoiced if you would sell me a pair of English boots." I said, " They are not boeoming a girl, however, they ore better than yours, which are only a pair rf ugly slippers without stockings." I give her a description of our English women's shoes, stockings, and drep« in general, which delighted nil present. She requested me to get her a pair of boots, ana'she would give mo 100 piastres (16s. 8d.) I accordingly rpoke to our shoemoker. He said he would mike her a piir of light boots, which he did, for 7s. I brought them to her the day after. Sho put them on, looked at them, ran to her father, and told bim. Sin soon returned with l63. 8d. which she gave to me, nnd a dozen of eggs. I took 6s. Gd. nnd the eggs, and returned the remainder. A second dozen of eggs were brought j I took them and gave sixpence, which would not be taken. I assured her I would have nothing but what I paid for ; so now I cen get anything I want, which otherwise would be a very arduous task in consequence of 60 many men being encamped in this place. ." The private" is not often favoured with the society of the great. Our young hero, as appears from the following, was more fortunate than many of his comrades : DIKES WITH Tim BRV or MONESTEH.-On another evening I went to the Bey of Monester's house for the purpose of getting some cheese. I spoke to the ser- vants in Turkish. The lord heard me through the wooden window, and came out and took mo by the shoulder and said, " When did you leam Turkish ?" I told him I learned it since coming to his country. He tapped me on the shoulder, and said, " Follow me." I followed him into his sitting room, which is made of old boards very clumsily put together, and projecting over the house, and exposed to the open air, except at 1 the top, where is a little verandah. A bulrush mat was spread directly, and over it a soft carpet was laid. Ho invited me to sit down and take some dinner with him. I said, " No, sir. What! a soldier with a lord ! and more especially because I am not clean, because of fatigue and hard work." "No matter," said he. I told him I would not eat anything, so he gave me a glass of brandy, and invited me to dine with him next day. I partly promised that I would, and accordingly I came next day, and brought my polished knife and fork with me. I was directed to sit as before on the cushion, and the chief of the eunuchs went directly and brought me a large chtbuk about twelve feet long. The mouthpiece was mounted with gold, and the shank was ornamented with silver. I told him I could not smoke, but took two puffs, to show I wished to be agreeaVo. The lord carne in, beautifully dressed with gold lace, and a splendid mounted sword. I got up, took off my cap, and saluted him. He in return saluted me, and took me by the shoulders and bade me sit down. He ordered the attendant bottle to be brought in, and drank the health of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert; while I returned the compliment by drinking hi«, and Sultan Medjid of Turkey. Having brought in another guest, a Turkish colonel, who. had three medals on his breast, and who had fought during three months at Kalafat, ho ordered the servante directly to fetch in the dinner. It was speedily set on a matin the centre, for table there was none, even in the houso of a lord. Four little baking-tins were brought in, in pach of which was a baked turkey, laid down, with black »knech (breadl and salt, We set to work. I took out my knife and fork, and soon disjointed my fowl ; while they began at the centre with their fingers, and pulled limb from limb. They laughed at me with { my knife and fork, whilo I smiled in return. Next a pie was brought ; the first bit was taken by the lord out of the centre of his with his three fingers. I used my knife. Next a beautiful dish, or rather four dishes of cream.rnixed with honey, was placed before us. It was delicious indeed. I asked several questions about the war, and was told the Russians were defeated, and had made their way towards Bucharest. I told him that when the Russians heard of our arrival in Varna they got afraid, and retreated. He asked me several questions about the beauty of England and English women, and, moreover, asked me for a description of our cities, which I gave him, at the same time sketch- ing a street of houses with large windows. I gave him a description of our public roads and railroads, by drawing a diagram of a tmn full length, with the smoke, &c.; I told him of their volocity-in short, all the ins and outs about it. I told him, also, that our women were beautiful, free, intelligent, and virtuous, and described their dress. I stated particularly that they were not ashamed to show their faces, as our friends the Turkish women were, and that they did not wrap themselves up like unnatural bundles. Re- curring to the war again, he asked me the reason of our litting down inactive 'here, while their poor men were continually exposed to the incessant fire of the Russians ? I said I did not know. He said it was his opinion wo did not want to fight. I stared him fully in the face, and said, " Is that the faith you place upon I us ? Do you think our generals are fools, and do not know what to d0 ? " I told him that every soldier thought it long until he went to fight the Russians, or otherwise returned to England again. Ile was de- lighted then, "nil asked me to dine with him again. One can scarcely help exclaiming/is it pos- sible that the intelligent British soldier who dined with a Turkish nobleman and colonel to- day, was but a few years ago a poor, ragged, bare-footed, half-starved, ignorant Popish Con- naught laddie, and learned his lesson by the flickering light of the peat fire ? How great the change ! How wóndei ful the providence of God, when Protestant schools and Popish per- secution combine, to prepare for, and place iii the path to promotion one who has suffered for conscience sake ! STIUKING COXTIIASTS.-Cholora is racine-. Theie are funerals every day, following close upon one and another. The French are fur worse than we are. Four of their best generals ora dead ; and it is reported that the men are saving thoy will mutiny, if they do not either fight or return to France. AVe , are doing nothing at piesent, and aie exposed to asultrvsun. and hard work, heavr fatigues, and bad rations-blatk bread and tough beef. .... I am making pr?at progress in the Turkish language, and am learning the Russian and Spanish. AVheni-ver I get the chance of meeting a vespectab'o Turk in the field, I begin to reprove him for the abominable habit of the country in having many wires. I brins? England as an ex- ample, where each man has only one wife, however rich he may be. I tell them in England is. Christi- anity, while they are led astray by the wicked sug- gestions of a false prophet. I tell thom of his life and death, and how ho rose in the world bv warrare, and by persuading his followeis, if they fell in his service they would go to heaven. I tell them of God and his Christ. I bring simple Uuths out of my Bible, in translating which into Turkish, I spend my leisure houvs, and say many things that I hopo may be of use to them. EMBANKS ron THE CMMPA..-Emperor, steamship, Yarna, September 2, 1854.-Up to this time my leisure hours, though shoit, were divided into three parts ; first, translating several passages of my Biblo into Turkish ; then tailing that over and over again to the people; and, lastly acquiring other usefulknowledge I am at a loss for a book in which to wiite my little details in regard to interesting tales, and several other things connected with the manners and cuçtims of the Turks. I am also shoit of paper, pens, and ink, but more especially of postage1 stamps. Sometimes 1 have to detain my letters for days for want of them. If you would be so very obliging o* to send me a few, it would servo me "very much. I will, if I am spared, send you (D. V.) a full, true, and particular account of the war. Black Sea, near Sebastopol, September 11, 1854. AVe embarked at Varna on the 30th August, and are abouti to disembaik on to-morrow (the 12th). AVe had a most favourable passage. It,wasamost splen- did, stirring, and glorious sight to see the several) fleets all sailing towards Sebastopol. The1 Black Sea is really black with men-of-war and steamers. The chaplain preached a most beautiful sei mon oh the text, " Fear not them that kill the body." It was well adapted to many cases aboard the vessel. It was to me consoling balm full of heavenly medicine. I enter- tain the strongest hope that I will not have to go to the battle-field, being appointed to a thiid class inter- preter, which ranks na sergeant-major. ,If I am not sent to the ranks, which as yet is undetermined, I am' told I will be promoted to second-class interpreter, which ranks as an officer, at 7s Gd.1 per day, and Is. Gd. for a servant, and two horses! i At present I have 4s. Gd. per day, and a horse and servant besides my pay. Of Turkish manners, he says, Thp manners and customs of the Tutks «re strange and ridiculous. They do not use eith« knives, forks, chairs, or tables ; they sit like tailois on mats and cushions, and eat gmlic to excess. No stranger is ad- mitted into a Tuik's house. If they see a strange man coining, they will run into their cabins, and close the door, or cover their faces with theil ghost-like shrouds. Curiosity sometimes got the batter of them, and they often invited mo into their hrrasps to tell them of the beauty of England and the English, which I did. I also spoke to them about England's religion ; and about several of their abominations -of their false prophet and his doctrines-of th" truth of Christianity-and of Jesus Christ being the only S iviour. The women even took off their veils to speak and listen to me, which, I assure you, is a great honour to a Christian. . . This may be the last lettpr that I may ever waite you. We are now about to fight at last. I conclude by requesting you to remeiiber me at the throne of grace, and may the Lord prosper </iee and thine. The following, which is the last extract that wo shall make, is woithy of ttie Christian sol- dier : - If I r.m spnred to return again safe, I will be able to buy my own discharge ; and God willing, I will come either to Turkey or Russia, to do good to the fol- lowers of the Mse prophet. I think that the fruitful seed of the word of life and truth has ah cady taken root in the stony heurts of some Turks. I think I handled the plough of talvation, and ' dug up their hearts, and now I only wish that the rain and dew from Heaven would de- scend and water it, and that missionaries from our Prer.byterian church may be sont here also. . May the LT(1 enlighten the eyes that for centuries have been blinded with falsehood ; and may I live tp seo and hear that Constantinople, the gi eat storehouse of Turkish delusion, has been cleansed and whitewashed with the white-lime of the Gospel, in order that the old stench of Mohammed's doetiine may be entirely annihilated ! This is what I want. I would then be satisfied. If I am spared to go home, and have as much money as will buy my discharge, I will go my- self to Constantinople (if not sent there), and lay down the way of salvation, and the knowledge of Him in whose hands are the heavens and the earth, and who has brought about this war for the better and not for the worse, and who governs alike the Turk and the Christian. The foregoing extracts are taken from letters written by Phillip O'Flaherty from the seat of war. We arc constantly told that the Irish con- versions from Popery are the results of bribery -that the converts themselves are Avorthless persons, and that when they come to die they invariably send for the priest. Let it be borne in mind that the letters from which these selec- tions are made were Avritten in the midst of pes- tilence and death. And Philip O'Flaherty is not a solitary example. Providence has evi- dently marked out this young soldier for an im- portant work. Might we not suggest to some of those Christian patriots, Avho are blessed with the means, the duty of purchasing his commis- sion, as an acknowledgement of his consistency and as increasing his opportunities of useful- ness. , . Du. JOHNSON'S Couirrsitir. - AVhile Dr. Samuel Johnson was courting his intended wife, in order to try her he told her "that he had no pro erty, and, moreover, he once hod an uncle that was anged." To which the lady replied, " That ehehad no more property than he had ; and, as to her rela- tives, although she never had one that was hanged, sha had a great number that deserved, to n 