COLONIAL INTELLIGENCE. ———————————— MELBOURNE. By the "White Swan steamer, which arrived on Satur- day, we have papers to the 7th instant. She brings no later English news. Notice had been posted outside the General Post Office, Sydney, that the mails by the mail packet James Baines, for the United Kingdom via Melbourne, would be closed on the 7th March, at noon. There is every reason, therefore, to believe that the Havilah has, ere this reaches the eye of the reader, conveyed the mail which she took from hence last week for England on board the vessel above alluded to. Referring to a report of the proceedings at a meeting of the Sydney Chamber of Commerce, on the subject of postal communication, the Argus of the 7th inst. says, " It will bo observed that certain individuals of that body propose the establishment of a line of steamers between Sydney and Singapore, via Torres Straits, on the delightfully liberal and unselfish principle of bene fitting Sydney alone, and eschewing all co-operation or amalgamation with other colonies. This scheme will^ however, require £70,000 per aunum. They expect £20,000 from the local Government; and they will actually have the audacity to ask for this extremely comfortable arrangement £50,000 from the home Go vernment. "We trust the good sense of the body of the members will induce them to treat with contempt such miserably ungenerous and suicidal policy." Notice of motion had been given by Mr Wills, in the Legislative Council, for a grant of £25,000 to mako dams for the preservation of winter rains, in such loca lities as the Government might deem desirable. In reply to a question put by Mr Furlonge, the Colonial Secretary had stated that no proposition had been sub mitted to the Local Government to raise a loan of £800,000 in England, in order to repay the money bor rowed from the Land Fund. The 99th Regiment, which has been for the last three months quartered in Melbourne, had received orders to return to Hobart Town. It is (says our con- temporary) with the greatest degree of satisfaction that we hail their departure as the sign of the altered state . of our social condition from what was the case when they arrived, and also as indicating a reduction in our expenses at this critical time. We should not be doing justice to this fine body of men if we did not acknow- ledge the utility of their presence in this colony hither- to, under the circumstances which called for it. The regiment is well known in Victoria; and if it be true what is rumoured, namely, that it is, at no remote period, to leave this hemisphere for more active service, the colonists will have sufficient confidence, from the opportunities that have been afforded them of judging, in the future career of the 99th being as glorious as that of any of those regiments which are now sustain- ing the fame of the British soldier before the walls of Sebastopol. The affability and courtesy of the officers, and the general good behaviour of the men, can be attested by all who have come in contact with them ; and we are sure that in wishing the regiment God speed, that our sentiments will be generally partici pated in. The following officers will embark with the regiment, on board the City of IlobartColonel Jackson (commanding) ; Captains Deering, Blaymir ^ ^ Montgomcrie, and Stoney ; Lieutenants Isdell, 7 jac_ donald, Nunn, and Ravenhill; and Dr Carroll, a- >s:stant surgeon. The two guns will also be embarkf d unjei. the charge of Lieutenant Akers, Royal ~ _£Ugineers. Colonel Reeves proceeds, on leave, to En- ,.jauq hy the James Baines. Mr G. V. Brooke had appeared as Mas [(r jyarfcr> jnthe " Hunchback," " Hamlet" and " R; i(qiard the Third,'' before large and delighted audience efforts were spoken of in the highest terms the local press. The following criticism ot In ^ ,, jja!xilet" is from a late number of the Ilerald:— A house filled to overflow witnessed the v.presen tation of " Hamlet on i ^ay evening. The tragedy, which was most pou ei ' x|jy ca-t( was, with one or two exceptions finely pin- , Hazlitt, in his criticism upon the elder vt)'an j performance of the part of the Prince of L ennui)*., remar^s 0f the character, that " it is quite rcmo e r< ^ hardness and dry precision ; pecu liarities, whic i, nowever, this eminent critic did not consider were r >bsent in lean's rendering. Whatever detects tne e tn MV Krnnkn's internretation. the faults c<~ ",W. * • ,' eluded T 'ttdemned by Hazhtt are certainly not m at time's ♦" w^°^e is casy anc* lowing; and although dialo well-" J an(^ situations» it 's correctly introduced and the s Jned. The nature of Hamlet's character has been re .*■ ubjectof as many comments as the part has had ty, resentatives on the stage, and so diverse have been t .e opinions of critics on this subject, that every in tervene of disposition between the noble and high ( minded Prince urged by the command of Heaven to avenge the toul muruer 01 ms uimei. w my muiiu coward, and even actual lunatic, has been filled up. Mr Brooke's reading is that of the gentleman and scholar, and although the ground has been so thoroughly occupied, he contrived to give the character an original phase. The first encounter of Hamlet with the (Urns' was most artistically pourtraved; and, indeed, a great excellence of Air llrooke's peculiar style is the bold and animated arrangement of his situa tions, rvliich stand out with the prominence of a p;e tui'e viewed through the medium of the stereoscope. -The sublime soliloquies were given by Mr Brooke, with proper emphasis and spirit; and the famous advice to the players was, in his hands, the facile analysis of a highly educated critic. The scene with his mother was, perhaps, the linest piece iof acting throughout the tragedy ; and, it would indeed hi; difficult to imagine anything more perfect than. Ihb exhibitionoi terror and awe which proceed from this Isplcndid actor upon the abrupt entrance of the Ghost:. The last scene was by no means well managed, the actor who undertook to play the King being perfectly; incompetent to tdm task. Ophelia was given with muchigracc by Miss Catlicart, and the mad scene was most uffectingly rendered, the snatches of songs being given with true pathos. Mr Rogers's Polonius is one of the best efforts oi this clever actor, the character coming out with tne iin • portance which in reality attaches to it. _ It was tho fawning parasite, and not the buffoon which many per formers make it. Mr Youngc's Gravedigger, and Mrs Younge's Queen, were careful performances, lhc tra gedy has been splendidly put-upon the stage ; and the audience were only kept from acknowledging their ap preciation of the" merits of the scenery by fear oi losing any portion of the dialogue or action of tne play." The Age having expressed an opinion against the policy of increasing the pries of admission, when any conjjwrnble attraction offers, Mr Coppin in a letter to thc^^or of that paper thus replied to him, " I bc-g to inform you that the present cloud which hangs over general commercial and trade transactions, and the ex treme scarcity of the circulating medium at the present time," alone prevented our making the price ot admis sion one pound. It is impossible tc obtain the leading talent of the day without paying liberally for it; and when you take into consideration that the passage out alone to these colonies entails three months loss of time, you will understand that the terms Mr G. A . Brooke receives are not equal to those he could com mand in England or the United States. The expenses of the Theatre are now (£150) one hundred and fifty pounds per night. A lower price of admission or " thin houses," would, therefore, entail a certain loss. I am anxious to give every one an opportunity of witnessing this great actor (whose stay in Melbourne is limited to fourteen nights more), and shall be happy to adopt any suggestion you can make to carry out that object." The following trial connected with a subject of general mercantile interest is Itaken from tho Argus :— FARKAS V. MILLER AND ANOTHER. Messrs Cope and Chapman, for plaintiff: Messrs Dawson and Michie, for defendant. This was an action to recover the sum of £250, damage done to plaintiff's goods on board the steamer Antelope. The first count of the declaration was for non-delivery of goods mentioned in the bill of lading ; second, for non- delivery of other goods not in the bill of lading; and third, the non-delivery ot other pas sengers' goods and luggage. Pleas: not guilty, and that the defendants wore prevented by the act of God, and accidents of the seas,! &c.; The plaintiff is the partner to the unfortunate Mcdynasky, the Hungarian, who was, it will be recollected, stuck-up in the Govern ment Paddock, and had his arm shot off. The present plaintiff has brought his plaint a'ready five or six times in our law courts concerning the same goods, but has boon repeatedly upset through technicalities and legal difficulties. like plaintiff was called, and deposed as follows:— When at Liverpool I took a passage on board the Ante lope ; I shipped goods and took a bill of lading, which I produce now. ' Mr Dawson—You must not call that a bill of lading until it is proved; call it apiece of paper, sir. \ou did not see the captain sign it. Mr Cope—Will you admit! the signature to the bill of ading ? i Mr Dawson—-No ; prove it The plaintiff continued (with a sigh)—Well, I received this bit of paper. A clerk to Mr Cresswell, solicitor, was called, who admitted that Captain Keen said it wa3 the defendant s signature. i Mr Dawson objected. This admission had been given before the Prothonotary, and the examination ought to he produced, else what was the use of taking out a writ de bene esse, unless the evidence was produced : Why, a reporter might go and take down the evidence, and his paiole statement allowed. It was similar to taking evi dence 011 magisterial depositions. They could not fix Captain Keen. ! Mr Jacomb, the associate, was called to produce the examination de bene esse before the authority. Mr Dawson objected. The opposite side had not given them notice that the examination would be read. His Honor would admit: the question put to_ Mr Cresswell's clerk, Macgregor, who said Captain Keen admitted it was Miller and Thomson s signature in his presence. . Mr Dawson objected, and his Honor said he should not receive such evidence. ^ Monsieur Parkas was recalled into tlio witness-box, and produced a memorandum of his extra passengei s luggage put 011 board. ... Mr Dawson—Was that paper made at the time : Monsieur Farkas—No. j Air Dawson—Then shut it up, Sir ; you cannot pro duce it. . Mons. Farkas (innocently)—I do not understand it at all. I did give them all my goods, and they gave me a receipt and a bill of lading": and I lose my goods, that I know. Air Miller did also receive my money, as well as mv goods. His Honor—"What are you oil now, Air Cope ? That learned gentleman replied, The extra lug gage His Honor—Well, that is all you can go for. Aou have not proved the hill of lading. You have been twenty minutes by, that clock, and proved nothing. Mons. Farkas proved £75 10s worth of extra luggage put oil board, and £8 freight paid for it. It arrived here in very bad condition, all damaged. It had to be sold by public auction. It fetched £20 : I was obliged to sell it, it was so bad I could not use it. I saw my goods were all spoiled when at Rio Jauiero. The refuse of the water-closets, which were out of repair, spoilt my goods. I said I would go and see the British Consul at Rio. The supercargo told me not to do so; if I did not go to the courts he would pay me all the money when I arrived at Alclbourne. I did take his word as a gentleman's word ; and liero I am never paid, but have lost all my time and my goods too I also had £31 of personal luggage all damaged from the waterjdifdTs. It was so bad I threw it all overboard at Rio. Cross-examined—I never read a printed paper called a dietary scale before I left England. I could noi then speak English or read English. Before I left Liverpool I never took the trouble to find out what I Kad to eat and drink —beef and biscuit and beer. Air Dawson : Then you are a model emigrant — shipowners ought to be fond of you. AVitness continued: I went and did see my cabin. I ought not to be fond of shipowners I paid forty guineas, and naturally expected something to eat.; if I drank beer I had to pay for it. We were 168 days on our voyage. She was a steamer. I did the Liveipool shipowners the compliment to trust them as good men, I knew X should be very sea-sick, and did not care ^vnat I did eat or drink—besides, I had things of my own to eat and drink. I looked move after my goods than cared •what 1 should eat and drink. It was beautiful weather till we came to Rio, but very rough in doubling the Cape ; hut my goods were damaged before. It was not salt water that damaged my goods. Abraham AVolf, a passenger on board the Antelope, spoke of the damage done to the goods of the plaintiff, and how it occurred It was before they came to Rio. Had a nice stiff breeze from Liverpool to Rio, but no rough weather. Never went under close-reeled topsails until after Rio had been left astern. Cross-examined: AVc lay-to when there was no wind. ^Mr'Dawson : That is not what sailors call laying-to. You may go down. - A witness named Richard Hill gave evidence also as to the state of Farkas's goods on board. John Edward Dixon remembered the Antelope arriving here. Plaintiff's goods were much damaged. If they had been uninjured they would have been worth 50 per cent, above invoice price. This was the plaintiff's case. The learned counsel for the plaintiff, being unable to prove the bill of lading, abandoned the first count in the declaration.^ Air Dawson addressed the jury, saying : Tho defence he would set up was that a gale of wind occurred in the Bay of Biscay. The water-closets then got out of order, and the plaintiff's goods were spoiled. He sup ported his cause by referring to the celebrated Air Dibdin's authority as to what kind of weather was usual at that boisterous bay, and called a witness— Crawford Maine, who deposed there was very rough weather a day or two after the Antelope left Liverpool. , It 'was especially rough weather off Qucenstown, i Ireland. The top-gallant yards were placed on deck after be'in^ struck. The ship went at half speed in con- j sequence.0 Believed this straining would cause the : water-closets to spring. Knew the handwriting of the defendants. If he was shown the bill of lading pro- : bably he would recognise it. I Captain Burrell proved holding a suncy on the ship ; on its arrival here, and that the sea-water had gone into | tho cargo from the working of the ship ; the rivets were ; loose. c Air Chapman said he found at tins stage of the pro ceedings that they could prove the bill ot lading , would the opposite side allow them to give evidence or it ? It would save another action. The opposite side would'not consent. Air Chapman would then enter a nolle prosequi, and Air Cope replied, saying it did not matter one straw it the ship leaked or not. as tho evidence showed directly that the damage was done to plaintiff's goods by ofien sive water from the closets. Ilis Honor summed up, saying, accidents of the seas ■would not embrace cases of damage arising from accident that could he afterwards repaired by the officers and crew of the vessel, such as the water-closets becoming out of order, which might have been put in repair a day or two after. The first count had been abandoned, the damage was clearly proved, and the jury were by their •'verdict to say if it came under the designation "acci ' dent of the seas." I Verdict for plaintiff, damages £10!) Ps lOd. | A GOYERXMEXT DEFAULTER. j j Mr E. W. Johnson, the accountant at the Govern I nient Printing Oiiice has, within the last lev,- days, ah ; sconded, and, notwitbst mding some very urgent en 1 qntries for him oil the part of the police, has not ycc j been heard of. It is said that his defalcation.* amount : to something l ice £2000, lie having carried on a system i of peculation almost from tiro very day of his being ! installed in office. He bad been for .■-•tune time con ! nected with the Order of Oddfellows, of one lodge of which he had been, for many years secretary. Looking into the accounts, a sum was missing, and this leading to enquiry, it was found that the secretary had been systematically robbing the lodge for a long time past, 'ibis coming to the ears of the Government, caused Mr Johnson's official accounts to bo looked into, and the result showed a defalcation to the amount we have al ready named. A warrant was immediately applied for by the Acting Colonial Treasurer, but the printing ac countant had taken the hint, and, on the first word o( enquiry, had "sloped," leaving the Government to account for the deficit in the best way tliey can. As to whose is the blame of allowing this system of pecula tion to continue for so long a period without discovery, : and of permitting so very subordinate an officer to handle such large sums without in some way checking or auditing his accounts, we leave it to tliose better versed in Government departments than ourselves to say.—Argus. EMBEZZLEMENT BY A GOYERNMEXT EMPLOYEE. Yesterday's Government (Jar.elte contains the follow ing proclamation :—" One hundred pounds reward. Embezzlement. "Whereas Francis Williams Johnson, late accountant at the Government printing office-, Mel bourne, is charged with embezzling certain moneys received by him on account of Her jilajesty's Govern ment : Notice is hereby given, that a reward of £100 will be paid to any person giving such information to the police as will lead to the apprehension of the said Francis Williams Johnson. By his Excellency's com mand, William C. Haines. Description : F. W. John son is about five feet four inches in height; thirty-three years of age, but looks rather younger ; fair complexion, blue eyes, rather small; light hair, very slight whis kers, if any; pointed chin, limps in walking ; wears spectacles, usually dresses in a black frock coat, light waistcoat and trousers ; is of gentlemanly appearance ; has been living at Fern Hill. Kew, Borooiidara; is mar ried, and has four children." NEW INVENTION FOR EXTRACTING GOLD. Letters patent have been prayed for by Air William Loekhart Morton, of Salisbury Plains, river Loddon, for the exclusive privilege in the colony of "Victoria of making, using, and applying an invention of a machine for extracting gold by mechanical means, and without the use of water, from clay, sand, and other drift, and for extracting therefrom with the use of water, or by amalgamation with quicksilver. A specification anil drawing have been deposited at the office of the Colo nial Secretary. The following market reports are from the Argus of the 5th inst. :— giiaix axd Flora. Dight's Mills—Fine flour, £46 per ton ; seconds, £43 do ; or an, Is 6d per bushel; wheat bought at 16s to 17s. W. Degraves & Co.'s Mills—Fine flour, £45 per ton; seconds, £43; Haxail or Gallego, £;)0 do; Chilian, (none); bran, 4s Gd per bushel; wheat bought at lGs to 17s. HAY. The last two days havo been marked by a decided improvement in prices in this market. The compara tively dull sale of hay during the early part of the week, and the consequent discontinuance of supply, is the only reason that can fairly be adduced for this advance. It is generally anticipated in the trade that no diminu tion of present prices will take place, but that, on the contrary, the recent activity in ail other descriptions of horse feed will considerably enhance the value of Vic torian hay. To-day's quotations are as fellows :—Bust trussed hay, £14 to £15 ; second quality do, £11 to £13 ; straw, £7 iOs to £S. IlF.TAIL MAKKF-T. Poultry—Geeso 20s to 25s each ; hen turkeys, 30s do; cock do, 40s do; ducks, 20s per pair ; fowls, 12s to IGs do ; wild ducks, 12s per couple ; teal, 5s per do ; eggs, 6s per dozen. Butcher's Meat.—The following are the general charges for butcher's meat, but prices are not unifoim : Beef, 5d to 6d per lb. ; mutton, 6d to 7d; veal, 7d to lOd ; pork, lOd to Is Gd. Dairy produce. — Butter, fresh, imported, 2s Gd per lb ; dairy, 3s to 6s per lb ; milk, Is Gd to 2s per quart. Bread, 2s the 4 lb. loaf; flour, Gd per lb ; best do. 9d per lb. T.IVF. STOCK. There is no change to notice in this market. The supplies liave been full, with a dull trade, the hot weather operating as a check to transactions wiili the butchers, except for the consumption from day to day. We subjoin the reports of the dealers. Messrs E. Row and Co. report:— Beef.—Owing to the very hot weather experienced during the last few days, the butchers have been very careless about purchasing. The supply of cattle lias been somewhat heavy, and trade dull at about last week's quotations, say bullocks, " very good," £10 to £11 10s ; cows, do do, £7 to £S 10s ; middling and in ferior, in proportion. Mutton.—We have had a very full suppl}- of shc-cp, and the causes above stated have had the same effect on this article. Trade is dull, and if any alteration has taken place, prices as last reported have slightly given way. Lamb.—Nearly out of season, and not enquired for unless of good quality. Veal.—Fat calves, if really good, are in demand, from 40s to 60s per head. Horses.—Thc-rc has been a slight rc-action in the horse market .since our last report, those offered being of a more useful description. One lot' of broken- in horses realised prices varying from £27 to £54, averag ing £3S per head. At the sale of John Brown, Esq's , farm-stock the following prices were obtained :—Clies nut entire, Colonel, 206 guineas : bay mare, £105 ; bay J liorse, £137; bay entire, Emperor, £130; bay mare, £13(5 10s ; grey mare and foal, £S'3; grey filly, £07; do. do., £02; cliosnut horse, £60 ; grey entire emit, £56; bay liorse, £51: foal, 31 guineas; two pars working bullocks at £36 per pair ; iive do. at £20. On the whole we consider there lias been more disposition to purchase this week. WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. The brisk demand for the diggings, reported last week, still continues. Large quantitio.s of goods are changing hands, and these who possess the articles in demand are making good profits. But the animation is entirely confined to provisions, ironmongorv, iron, machinery, large-sized cordage, and a few other articles wanted for the interior. The town trade is still execs- i sivelv dull. Wo are inclined to think that flour has reached its [ highest point. Wc havo lately reported an arrival of Chili flour—near 500 tons —which was sold at £38 10s net cash. Wo report arrivals of Hour and wheat from Adelaide equal to nearly 400 tons of flour. Still a great deal depends upon the amount to be received from Chili. At the last date, flour was reported to be worth only £14 per ton in Valparaiso, and we hear that largo supplies will arrive from that port in the course of a j few months. In the meantime it will be for the interest | of South Australia and Tan Diemen's Load to take the utmost advantage of the pre-ent high prices here. The i Gallego ex Malay was sold at 85s per barrel. Oats have taken a.sudden start upwards. V. D. J/. are : worth 10s 6d to lis, Scotch 10s to 10s Gd per bushel, and American 7s 3d to 7s Gd. Indian gram lias been sold at £16 to £17. The arrivals of bran from Adelaide will doubtless have some effect, however,, on the above prices. Burton ale is very firm at £12. In other liquors there is little change. Mai- toll's brandy is now readily saleable at Us Gd, and others in proportion. It is rather a remarkable fact that the prices of all kinds of j spirits in Melbourne are nearly the same as in London. The enormous stocks on hand here is the explanation of this. Geneva is now improving in value. In coffee there is no improvement, in consequence of! late advices from Sydney. [ We may mention that all kinds of American goods ! arc scarce, and they are more in demand than formerly. There is the prospect of a largo and lucrative American trade here, and it ought to be cultivated. Collins s handled axes are rather lower, and . cooking-stoves are not yet wanted. Steam-engines are in great demand at the diggings. Shot is rather lower. Also white lead. The large arrivals of whale oil have quite unsettled the market, and the price is nominal. Genuine sperm oil is worth £05. Dcrwcnt potatoes havo rather advanced. They are worth £16 to £18 per ton There is no Engl sli cheese or hams in first hands. ham havo been made at. Is id and even Some sales of ham havo been higher; but for a quantity it is doubtful if more than Is 2d to Is 3d could be got. Butter is decidedly rising ; sales at Is 7d have been reported, but it can be got at Is 5 1 to Is Gd. There are inquiries for herring.; and salted fish. Rice is improving in value. Carolina has been sold at £30 to £34. Soap is now bought subject to be re-wcigliecl. American boots are lower ; 884 per cc-nt. upon invoice can still, however, be realised. Raven's duck lias Ixvn sold at Is 2L1 per yard. Irish pork is scarce, also salad oil, in pints. Candles are still advancing. Belmont sperm are worth Is S-,d to 1 s 9d per lb. . Blas ting gunpowder is now worth Is Id to Is Gd per lb ; American resin is dull; Stockholm nitch, das per " " * " 3d ; barrel; sulphur, Gd per lb ; wcolpacks, each, Is brooms are wanted at 30s to 35s per dozen; Hour pan!1 unsaleable. Tea is rather lirmcr. Boloni.il timber i: not now so suitable for this market, as it is too heavy for carriage to the diggings. Ameri can iwh white pine is preferred. 'iobuceo is declining ; C'hevo's Eagle, Is Gd to Is Sd ; honeydaw, in 2d lb boxes, Is -id to Is Gd. GOLD. The following is from K hull's last gold circular : — j he price ol gold remains at It's. .Several new Holds have been hit upon during the nasi j week, all situated within reasonable distances of Mel bourne. The quantities of gold brought to town, how- | ever, do not augur any great yield; still the parties speak confidently of success. There is little of importance to report from the other lields, which appear to he going on steadily. The pro duce .for the week is over an average one, -Number oi persons arrived.. .. Gib A umber that have left 29!) Addition this week 2-19, and rear 8710 Tim escorts have brought from — Mount Alexander and Bendigo 12,072 ounces Balluarat, including Geoiong.. 9,393 The Ovens 5,61.8 Maryborough 2,Gil The Avoca 87-1 M'lvor 182 ounces. Amount this week 31,283, and year 278,GS8 Gold shipped in ] SGG 327,102 Per Orwell, to London 32,007 ,, II.M.S. Calliope, to do 2,GOO ,, Evening .Star, to do 4,92l 307,190 Or 15 tons 5 cwt. 3 qrs. 21 lbs. 2 cz., at 80s. £1,408,760 Exchange on London.—Drafts against gold taken at 1 per cent, discount. Freight of gold, by steamers Gd, by sailing-vessels •Tj-G per ounce, delivered at the Bullion Office, Bank of England, London. Insurance 2t per cent. 