INTERNATIONAL 'MORALITY OF PR OTESTANT - ENGLAND. Lord John Russell, in introducing tlie Foreign Enlistment Bill, passed a high eu logium on Avhat may be called the 'interna tional morality of Britain. He not only did tins — he defined Avhat international morality ?is. It consists (as Ave gather from his speech) in lifting the fallen and cudgelling the ruf fians avIio -knock them down. In short, Pro testant .Britain is tnc gratuitous pouccman or the nations — 184 B— Avithout his fifteen shillings a AA-eek. Of course, my lord in sinuated — if he did not unequivocally soy — ' This is Avhat it is to be Protestants : if Ave were not sound Protestants Ave should not be good Samaritans as Ave are. Thank God, England is not as other nations — an oppres sor — an invader — and a Avrong- doer. No, no ! Ave are a model nation — Ave pay tithes of anise and cummin seed — print Bibles for barbarians who cannot even spell — and send out Parsons to console the dying soitoavs of plague-stricken sufferers . ' ' This really is what his Lordship conveys, and he desen-es great praise, if not for truth, at least for his courage. We look upon his speech as someAvhat important. For instance, it is very consoling to ascertain the precise moral principles of the Coalition Ministry, as the present Ministers of the CroAvn Avere shreAvdly suspected to have no moral princi ples at all. But here Ave see their morality defined, and a noble morality it is. We learn from his Lordship that in carrying on the present Avar John Bull is' simply fulfill ing his Protestant functions as international policeman. He is cudgelling Nicholas, and backing the 'Bono Johnnys,' and this from motives of the purest philanthropy. He is aiding' the helpless and crushing the .mighty. This is glorious ! Lord J.- Russell confines himself to Eti: i rope. Here are his Avoids : — :' If Ave examine I (said his lordship)' the history of this conn \- try, avc shall perceive that the general course i has been, wherever any power has obtained i a preponderating force in Europe, and threatened the independence of the smaller states, to use the influence of this country in the first-place, to use her force in the second ' place, in order to obtain the adjustment of the balance ; or, in other words, to maintain the independence of the smaller states of i Europe.' ) These are his words, and they are very fine ones. We, meantime, sincerely regret that such fine morality, such ' noble princi ples,' as Sir Peter Teazle would say, sliould be narrow'd in by parallels of latitude. Judging from his Avoids, and the conduct of the assembly Avhich hear, hear'd' him, his Lordship believes in a geographical morality. A flagrant enormity, a scarlet sin, in the temperate zone fades away into the shadoAvy outline — the: ghost of an error becomes a ve nial peccadillo— between the tropics. 'We ought, We suppose, to be obliged to the Pro testants for this refined distinction — a very necessary one, however. By means of it Ave (at least his Lordship) can justify the bloody enormities of Biitish conquests in Asia. We learn, however,- that this morality of Britain is not made for common use. It is no,t, like the air we breathe, to be shared by. every vulgarian. It rather resembles the laAV and justice of our courts — too good to be cheap. It is not, at least, made for Hindoos. It seems that to trample on the oppressed in any latitude near .the pole is an/unpardonable offence, but it is no harm at all near the line. His Lordship in his speech never al ludes to it, and, therefore, it cannot be Avorth mentioning. Those contemptible Burmese, Chinese, and Sikhs, have no right to common justice. Justice Avas invented for the use of Europeans. The great principle — namely, that the sinfulness of murder, &c;, diminishes with the degree of latitude, growing gra dually less and less as you approach the equinoctial, justifies those piratical expedi tions for Avhich Raleigh lost his head. Ca tholics may find a difficulty in appreciating this Protestant morality which is so attentive to geographical distinction ; but his Lordship has no such difficulty, and as a Protestant he could not. Every one knoAvs that when England became, in a Protestant sense,, truly Christianised, diligently read a heretical Bible, she carefully imitated the Mahometan Algerines, and fitted out piratical expedi tions, and robbed on the high seas ; and Ra leigh suffered, in the reign -of James, for acts , Avhich were applauded in the reign of Eliza oewi. j.n is is easny accounted lor : opain is a southern country, and English piracies were commonly committed in Ioav latitudes — a circumstance which, of course, fully jus tifies piracy. We are not. to suppose that Protestant buccaneers Avere prompted by any: filthy love of lucre. . No. They perpetrated homicide from principles of philanthropy. Lord John-shoAvs this, Avhere he says, ' The poAver of Spain having threatened the liber ties of Europe, Elizabeth, as a wise Sove reign ; Cromwell, as a sagacious and bold ruler, formed alliances in order to check that exorbitant power.' This is1 very noble. If ships Avere scuttled and throats cut, it Avas all to preserve the liberties of Europe, which Spain threatened. Noble as? these sentiments are, Ave should not like to see them adopted by the Yankees. We should be sorry to see the chivalry of Raleigh embraced by the compatriots of Paul Jones — a man, by llie bye, who used to talk of liberating the seas, as Lord John Russell of the liberties of Eu rope. We are sorry to say that England in tl.e days of Victoria is very like Spain in the days of Elizabeth ; while the crafty Yankees of our time (sceptics- in God, but devout be lievers in spirit rapping) are not at all unlike, ? in point of honesty, the Republicans of the CommoiiAvcalth. The Yankee expeditions to Cuba eIioav in. Americans that geographi cal morality Lord. John so much aclmives in Englishmen. The spirits that assist them in imitating Shakespeare's plays will net, Ave trust, assist them in imitating the rapa cious freebooting of Shakespeare's age and country: We trust they will not copy in Euiope the conduct by Avhich England in. Asia prevents the Christianising of that con tinent. Tlie folloAving passage from Father Hue's travels Avill serve to show what we mean : — ' The Katclii Govermor, with whom we got on very intimate terms, told us that the Peelings of Calcutta (the English) were now the real masters of Cashmere. ' The Peel ings,' said he, ' are the most cunning people in the world. Little by little they are ac quiring possession of all the countries in India, but -it is always rather by stratagem than by open force. Instead of overthrow ing the authorities, they cleverly manage to get them on their side, to enlist them in their interest ; hence it is that in Cashmere the saying is, ' the Avorld is Allah's, tlie lanchs the Pacha's, it is the Company that rules.' ' —Tablet, December 30. . . In ancient days the celebrated precept was ' Know thyself V in modern times it has been supplanted- 'by the far more fashonable maxim... ?'kimw thy neighbour, and every thing about him.' 