THE ASSUMPTION OF THE BLESSED VIRGIN MARY. On this festival the church commemorates the liappy departure .of the Blessed Virgin Mary,; and her translation into the kingdom of her Son, i in order to receive from him a crown of immor- | tal glory, and a throne above all other saints and j heavenly spirits*. After Christ ascended into heaven, his blessed Mother remained tit Jerusa lem, persevering with the disciples in prayer, till with them she had received the Holy Ghost. St. John the Evangelist, to whom our divine Re deemer recommended her from his cross, pro vided for her with the tenderness and solicitude of a most* dutiful son. Tillemonf and some others imagin, that she died at Ephesus, from an ambiguous passage of. the council of .Ephesus, which seems to favor this opinion ; but others think her death happened at Jerusalem, where in i later ages, mention is made of her sepulchre — I cut in a rock at Gethsemani. All agree that j she lived to a very advanced age, improving ; daily in perfect charily, and in the most heroic exercise of all virtues. None among the children of Adam being exempt from the penalty of death; Mary, too, paid this common debt of nature.- But the death of the saints is rather to be called a sweet sleep than death : much more ( that of the queen of saints, who had been exempt from all sin.' ? It is atraditionary pious belief, that the body of the Blessed Virgin was raised by Almighty God soon after her death, nnd by a singular pri vilege was assumed to glory before the general resurrection of the dead. It is an opinion, per fectly comiormablt; to the sentiments of piety and J respect, which we owe to the glorious Mother of i God ; such .a miraculous preservation from cor ruption and. speedy assumption to glory, being a privilege very suitable — not to say justly due — i to that sacred body which was never defiled- with the smalles^staiii of sin ; was ever the most holy and pure temple of God : ever free from conta gion, and the common curse of mankind : to that Vv\\.'1 v '.-(rfirvi w\\\ \f*\\\ frlita ir.torn ;? I W ci iv? i^ir*^1! vjarl Ini *J ?'*-? J 1 1 Will It I I * V^*J llii. JJVv I MiU II I.' * \fc fc WV. ? V V*'.* -»!?_? own adorable .flesh ! Suci; was the veneration of the fathers 'towards this most hi/ly aud most ex alted of all piu-ft creatures, that St. .Epiphauius durst not iiliirui she evf r ditd ; because in the whole courF.o of his .vending he had niiver found any ? mention of hor death ; and because sv.e might have been preserved immortal, and trans lated to glpvy with-Hit. dying. ., Much -more ought piety to incline us to receive with deference a tradition— so ancient, and so well recommended to us, as is this of the corporal assumption of the Virgin Mary; — an opinion- which the church so far patronises as to read from the works of St. John Damascen and St. Bernard, an account of ii in the breviary, deeming it very proper to edify and excite the devotion of her children. But then, that our piety may be discreet, we must imitate the moderation and cautious reserve of oui1 holy mother the church, and not. put mere opinions in any wise upon a level with articles of faith, or matters of divine revelation. This so' emir ty, in ancient martyrologies, is indifferently called the Assumption, the Passage or the Repose of the Virgin Mary. .Whether her' assumption was in regard of the soul only, or of botli soul and boity,— is no part of faith : the: latter is the truth; but were it. not so, the object j -f the the present festival would be still the same :, For as we honor the departure of other saints aut of this world ; so we have great reason to rejoice and praise God on this day, when- the mother of our blessed Redeemer entered into the possession of those joys which he had prepared for one so dear to him. We ought certainly to employ this festival in pouring; forth our souls ' before God, in the most holy transports of thanks giving for the high degree of ?grace and glory, to which, in his infinite mercy, he has exalted her; also, in imitating her virtues;' and imploring his clemency and bounty through her patronage and intercession. We extole her incomparable' dig- ? nity. in being the mother of her Creator ; — a dig nity which no mortal tongue can express : but we may confidently say, that the glory, with which Christ received her in heaven, is no less... above the reach of our understanding. Martha was highly favored when she had the honor to. harbour Jesus, under her roof; the history of which is read in the gospel of this festival. But' that was only an emblem or shadow of the happi ness of the Virgin Mary, who not only received her Lord into her house, but conceived and bore him in her womb. Yet this so high a dignity met with its recompence only in the happiness to which she was admitted on this day— when He; who rewards so richly those that for His sake serve or relieve the least of his members on earth , — though they should give them only a cup of cold water — displays his liberality with the utmost profusion of precious gifts in. favor of a mother — the most faithful to his graces,; — the' most fervent in his love, and the most constant in his service. If then the glory of Mary far exceed our utmost conception ; if the favor and the credit which she must have with her Divine Son, be beyond all comprehension great, what an advo cate have we in her near the throne of mercy ! If the angels who are before the throne of God, v offer our prayers to Him, and pray themselves in our behalf; if the saints in Glory employ their mediation in our favor, shall not the most holy Mother of God be able to do for us- the same good office. That she is most' ready and .desirous, no ; one can call in question ; seeing, that among all pure creatures, there never was any zeal or charity equal to her's, who bore. charity itself in her sacred womb. - The constant doctrine arid tradi tion of the church through all ages, renders us secure in the practice of invoking this holy virtue. The protcstant century writers of 'Magdeburg, trace it for us as high as the second century,: and charge Sf. Irenae'is with teaching it in the same manner as the Catholic Church does at this day. St. Irenseus is one' of the- first in the list of the fathers, and this- holy and wholesome devotion he learned from his masters St. Pol v carp,) and-othev immediate 'disciples of the apostles: and; the same has been delivered down1 by the pastors; 'of the church with the whole sacred deposit-.- of bur faith, without changing- one tittle: for. its faith is always unalterable. . Whv then 'should we' hesi- tate daily to repeat,' with our holy mother the Catholic church: ' Holy Mary, Mother of God, pray fbr us now, and at the hour of our death. Amen.' Situation op England in 1775.-— The situation of England at this period .was critical in the extreme. The hitherto apa thetic American colonies, which, with pride and satisfaction, she had behdd for so many years swelling majestically with strength and wealth, suddenly started to their feet and girded themselves for battle. ' Hark ! hear ye the sounds that the wind on her pinions Exultingrly rolls from tlie sliore to the sea, With a voice that resounds through her boundless. dominions, 'Tis Columbia that calls on har sons to be free. In tlie breeze of her mountains iver loose locks are shaken, Whilst tho soul-stirring notes of her warrior song, From vhe .'-;ck to the vailoy re ecru: — 'Awaken — r. Avraktfa ye liwirta that have slumbered too long !' '? 4 '/?tin vv\ j»'i t't o l't'w*/if\ TTt -'\ ??? -r**vi»i'v-i i j*J aKi ^ In.. A. t „?._.! ow I.H.I! i-'iu. C3 njicv vva.-- lurmmuiuti, rjui JLiOlCl Gonr.vallis blenclibd not. ? He gathered to gether what 'iiritish arms could be 'mustered, and vowing venu-eanep for having been put to much tnmliie, ? marched ten thousand | strong1 to cnwi the rebel foe. Groat was the slaughter on. the plains of .Roxburgh aud the heights of Winter Hill. The E/iglish re treated and established themselves in Boston. But George. 'Washington commenced a spi rited bombardment, aud struck terror, as. well as bullets into the hearts of his enemy. Boston, at length, became too Lot to hold them, and the British General determined to evacuate it by sea.1 This he did in the most undignified manner possibly on Patrick's Day, 1776 ; and while his rear was ernbavk ? ing' at one side, the Americans at the other poured like a tempestuous current of..molten lead into the town. That day the thirteen.' colonies declared themselves independent,, and the star- spnngkd banner floated gaily on the wind.— Fitzpatrklcs Life, Times, and Contemporaries of Lord Ghneiirry, 