titaccln afeoulL e THIE LAST' DAYS OF PRIVILEGE. (From the Ne~s of the World.) The war is destinoed to break up moro than ono form of tyranny. It is not the Romanoff dynasty alone that will be shaken by the rcvcr herations of its thundler. Privilego, all over the world, totterd to its folh Hercditary wisdom is hcnceforth proclaimedt a mere gratuitoous as susomption, opposed to probability a priori, ex ploded by focts a posteriori. The careeir of Ihonour is beginning to open, to desert. The day is not far distant when it will be shut against everything elso. Thle imes has knocked the noso of aristo cracy fl.t to its fac., so that that prominent featauro of society, although still there, is no longer there in its state of prominence. Lord John Russell cut himself adrift from it as a water- logged sl;ip that can no longer sail, and whiclh exhibits suspicious symptoms of a ten dency to go down by the head. Practically the IHouse of Commons, by the overwhelming majority by shiich it turned out the lato Mli nistry, declared the oligarchy an elaborate fu tility dangerously in the way of renl worlker. Thie secession at tile eleventh lttlr of thd t'eelite leaders, on finding that the Crimes Cotlntittee was to he real, and coula not be convertediuto a sham, is a sort of indignant confessionl of guilt and shasre against the order of the privi. Icgedt Corinthian capitals of society; anid nor, on thie principle, wlhichl leads the gods fLrst to driveo mad those they meane to abandon, these silly fe:thterheads haIve got toI qemarrellingl among themselves, and mutually expoaing each other's incapacily. Napier swears at tthem nll iti a lump-Cambridge hints tlhat tle Gnnerals are tiunleis-Ceardigan sneers at Lucan, atd L.ucan virtually l'rites down linglan an ass. All this siand silently but deeply into thu minds of the masses. T'ihe I humbug of arirtocratic rostigo gets a fearfll 'cross- buttocker' from Geteral Evans and Lord Godelich. The 'Ihunderer protlaims to Eogland and Vienna tlhat tihe Minister 1'lenipotentiary hao •nbsconded't from his trial, anti Joln mtnatters solncthltg about a 'ribald press '-tries bothul to have his oaks and eat it-dcnls a lilow at aristocrats, and conl tinoes to plaster aristocracy with traditions praises. It is really a flct that tile privileged classes Ilav destroyed tlemselvts. Nobody obstrtcted them-nobody envied tlhem--nobody emculated them. BIy universal consent tie field owas left perfectly open to thenm. Nvwcastle entreated to be ettrusted withl thle ' ribbotns' of the chariot of Phteton--drove the wheels atgainst a planet, tand upset himtself, not in thle l', bot in tihe Enxitc. ltis class hIave had it all their own way. IEvery place of trust and lhonotr has bteen willingly' concedcdtl to them. T'hey have hadl tie best in struments and tnlilnited resources pIlaced at their disposal They haveo, in short, hadl their full swirg,' anti have hanlged tlhemselves. Lords llllenborough and Stanley and Russell have been thie excutiolnars of their own ordtler; and all reflectirve men have been driven to tie conviction that a class capable of the sticidal folly of exposing to tile multittude, as thles lords Iave done, thie mental antt moral akrledne.rs of their order, are nto longer capable of snstainittg their position in thie State, or tlcir role it so ciety-andt thlat thiey Ihad better resign to avert deposition. Lilke the clergy and noblesse of nlcient Flrance, thl theselves ar te le thie aulthlor of tle revolution beneath whtoso rins they wrill be the first to be buried. They Ihaven ot re spectd tltmselnes --or at least eachl otlher and thley Ihave thereby uttorly destroyed thie rea verene with lwhichl thle masses were wont to bo nwed by their position. "We see there is a des porato effort made to retrieve tleir prestige. Alarmed at their own work, even tite l'ories begin to think tley Ihave gone too for. Pal mnerston goes on to fill up hisplaces with Lordtls, Mlarquises, and l)DkCs, as if tie Itst t ix mtonhts of our State hIistory Ihad nerver been lived Iy us at all. With wonderful offcial composure and Mintisterial gravity, Ihe resumoes tle old Trca sury tone of red tape pcrsalage. lie "will cttqlire"--he is "not preparedt to oay thlnt tlere is not nmuchl to be said"--In obicets to "discuss this in its present slape"-he may, perhaps, whent the time arrives, consitlder that, in thle view of eitler deanling with it or letting it alone. Thie free- and-easy jauntiness withi which hIe "gives tihe go by" to great questiton, persuades us almost outn of the idea thart we are at war at all-or tlhat there is anything in our position to dlisturb tile most lazy trantqility. Wa are mesmerised bIy tie preulcr's easy olF hand treatment of troublesome subjects into a dtlream tlhat we are again "in tie good old times when George the Third was king." There is a general attempt to revive tile cry, " as you were !" T'llo hllnlsmtered and lwholly unanswerarble reasons of Mr. W. Willianms, for extendtling thie Probate duty to real pIroperty are coolly ignored by pigeon- hole unlder-gradlt ates of )Downing-street, on tilte grotudl of tihe inexpediency of burdening tihe ownters of frechold land; as if they were quite conscious that the Treasury benclhes hlad at tleir backls a force of votes against which argmneot was vainl, and commoln seCllse utterly idle alid irre velant. Even the waiters on Providence, and tihe " rising men, sir i" still waited, and did not rise. So utterly listless were they, that tlhe greatest qucstions of the session were disposed of in nearly as many hours, thle borden of de bate bcinlg left by the talkative clishmclavrer ing bell-wethcrs who mugitato about the mis managcmcnt of tihe war, or bleat for peace, wvitllout: a single word of protest or encourage ment. Where was Mr. Lowe or MIr. Layard ? Whalt of Messrs. Bright and Cobden, and Gibson ? HIeaven knows they can, any of them, " talk a donkey's hind le off" whscsever they are in the mind for it. Why not hereo and low ? Do threy ever expect, can thilcy rationally hope, to make a palty that shall enable tIbem to make good thecir claim to powecr, if thley de cline to "pick up" their friends upon occasions sncs as these ! Were they in tile " Library" consulting autlhorities, or in thie smoking room hatlching n voting net that would catch tlie discontented or hostile of all shadles? Why, we repeat, were not these great subljects debated wilth an amnplitude suited to their import once, and tihe inveterate aristocratic basis ofthe Governcment in thie speeches of teir monrth pieces on these occasions fully exposed? We promise Lord Pralherston this, that if such slipsllod appearances as thoso of tile Sollcitor General and Sir G. Lewis are perlitttcd to shock tile common senose of the people, and to lead them to finod that tile oligarchical system from which so mnlch mlisery, shalae, and loss tave sprung, is still to be thrust upon thie intel ligenceo of tie nation with all thie easy non chslnco of gentlemen who, far from being asllalned of it or of themselves, are, on tihe contrary, overburdened with a sense of their own transcendant merits and the priceless value and significancy of their order, the country will begin to reckon tile stenchi of oristocracy to be as offensive and insulting as Isane, thie Jew of York. did the flitch of bacon tlhrust under his nose--to rise up resolutely mand usnnimously to declaro that privilege is at an end, and omrit alone prevails. AM?RICANS IN TIlE RUSSI,\N SEnvtcE. There are two American surgeons in tile Rus sian service at Sebastopol-ono a South Caro linian, D. Taroispeed, and the other a Rhode Islander, ntamen not given, from whom a letter is publishied in the Providence Journal, dated Sebastopol, February 3rd. This letter states that these twov surgeons were received into the service at Brussels, by the Russian Minister there, urder instruction from St. PI'etersburg, and that he entered into a special understand ing wiith themt by whirch, at the end of the year they may demand their release; Without such a unsderstanding, foreigners who enter on tihe medical service are expected to serve lthree years. On the first of July their Russian pass ports were handed to them, and four weeks later hey were in thie l'rincipalities, and oni tile 2Dth of December they were transferred to Se bhastopol by a special request of General Ostcn Saken. At Sebastopol they were quartered in the Ihouse ocnplicd by tile general, and provided with everything essential to comfort and good living. T'Ihey speak very highly of thie cor diality of their reception, and say that since their arrival in thb Crimea a rank was assigned to thelni whlich Rusosian subjects do not attain until after len or fifteen years service. By de cree of the Emperor, a month's service in Sebastopol connts for a year, as to all rights and privileges of the army, except thoremuneration. Nearly all the Russian oellcers, and many of tim men, speak French. General Osten-Sncken leaves nothing undone which military skill can devise to fortify the city on all nidev. The average number of wounded received at the operation hall was abont twenty a day. During trite cold weather, there were constantly de serters from tihe allies; but, it is remarked, that all those from the French army were foreigners. not a singlo one being a native Frenchimtin. In all scige operations the French hIave the credit of excelling tlheL English, while in regard to equipments, provisions, hIospital anrangcments, andt everything requisite to comfort, convenience, and efficiency, they seem irian alniost iicrediblo degree in advance of themn, )Deserters from the latter complsain iittcrly of thie treatment of the IBritish soldliers by their olicers, &r.; IThese statements are thus repeated hy the writer of tile letter:--"Threa Englishl deserters to-day, who corroborate the statements of those of yes terlday, that they stiller nmch from cold in the tLrcnces; that mally are sick; that none aire let off from duty unless they are actually un aile to walk; tlhat they ILhave to dig uip roots for fuel; that their coaelo is given to lthemc green, which tley much parch Land grind as thiey beet can. None of the English soldiers that I haro yet osea are providedo vih boots. The Itssilan soldiers all have boots. The English olliers abnlove speak of tie arrival, just now, of winter clothing, iheep kins, Ioots, &c.;, aul wooden houlses that lolvo been brought out forn England, anld are being pat np for thie sick;, snany of whIrom, Isntil now, lnvo been kecpt in tents; also of the exatreso diieihlty of trnao porting provisions, &e.;, front Balaclara to tie camp, the drauglit horses being conm pletely worn-sst bIy nhard work. I may inform you thnt the daily allowance of a Iltuissin l sol dlier in Slasstolol is tlree polndasl of blreadt, one lpusndl of fresh beef in soup, a portios of grus (a kind of firina porridge), asd two glasses of brassdys" INCIDENTt llnFOnOt SaSoasTirPO..-'Ishe fol loswing description Ins booee couunticusted by a soldlier serving ill the Crilsea,, ill a letter to twro fricnds, of hIis lifo in a rillu pit:-" Within the last week, I have been twice ill thle trencellhses, both times in the advlanced trenchl, and the rillo pits in front of it, andt for the list tiara 1 tried thire new Enlield rile (a smaller bore thoun the Minio). They carry beautifully, whlile clean, for about 29 roundss, btt then tlley begin to lead, and do not carry so well. Whien I lfirst saw our men firing from the rille pits, they loid no idea of range or distance. 'iTwo of them were firilg sit the same place, ono wiith hIis sight up br 700O, the otlier for 900 yartli. I toldL tselm ie waiSs too IiaelU, itnd with tbe sight for 400, I put tvo sllcts ill slccessioll thrrough the loophole that tle Russiuuanus were firinlg sat thlem fromn. Aus I sat, about a qnlartcr of asu lour afterwiarlds, Ihalf asleepl it tle pit, they called to nei and said tihat tllre meln rere culming down from tile biatteries towardsl the town. I told ten to elevate for 900O yards. They made them dodge froit house to Ilolousie, blt whlcn thley got into thie street, thiey thought they w\ero out of range, and coolly warlked artn-sl-armn dowll tlhe middtllo of thle street. I coulld not quietly standl that; I tookl theobest rifle, put ip the sight for 9t0, anld, calculating the distance to be about 100 yardsl, I tired high. Tile matnt on tie right, drtlopped lhke a stone, and the other two rushed into a house. 11e lay thtern for somtU time. Thely aftertwards mlninaged to get him ilnto a hoase. 'l'is shows whalt tihe s'illes will do, wheu properly laid on. Aftar vnirds I saw two rarts laden withll powder boxes, going Irom tlhe town to thle batteries, at wlhat I grssed to bI 1100 yards. I took a rille, and soon caused the drivers to run for tIhe baittries, ad leave tile carts to corns as they couldl. Our sien said I knocked over five or nix, but I only feel certain abont out. 1 was se:t out to the rile pits again, but thle IRssians were very lsy, anid gave very few cllanes. I ladl a regular duel witll a RIussans in the nsarest pit to us (2501 yards). In about Ihalf an hour, hlie gave up firing, andl, as I sad put about four ;hsts out 01of sUvCn through Iis loophole, I thought I must have hit hlim. I left a namn seake of mine in mty company to nwatclh him. Very soon tile Russiun (whlo, by-the-bye, was a uplendid shot,) lired again, and put tie ball right thrsugh Private ----'s cap, be cause Ie didt not bob his hIcad, wholu li sa?wav the siloko. qhIloy began ti fire st8-ponuders at us in tile rifle pits, fron a gun in tie ltleduo, 700 yards from tihe pit I wanus in, ind with twvo mnen loadilg rifles formte, I bulliedl thlem so mnuch that they were hllf an hour loading tie gul, Ior I hlad a very sharpl corporal watching tihe gutnners with tny telescope, sanid directly thiey appeared, I fired into thle embrasure. As sooa as I saw yile gun was loaded, I lmode tise Iten lie down close under tite parapet, till they fired. 'ThIs shot casle over our hIeads, bit did no harm. 'lThe sanmo thing went o0 again, but they only fired four shots at us altsogather, and did no harm. \We lost no man thlt day, but oa the lbllowving day I had three muen killed, and one woundled, of nty party, by round sllot. T'iwo were only a few yards from me, uani were cut right in two by a 2.l-pound shot. I have told you a few incidents of my exlIUrincet int the trcncles, anld ioni I tihke no notice.of shot or shell, except to take the necessary precautions to get out of thie way." uxoastrons T'OArocco SnrAT1.rlCS. - Tlhe present atnaal production of tobacco is estimatedtl to be 4,00,000,00 punsds--lour billions of pounds! '.'thisia issmoked, chlewed, orsnulled, Suppose it all nllade ilto cigars, 100 to tile pound, it would lproduce 400,000,000,000 four hIundred billions of cigarsl ''lhese cigars, at the usual lengtl, fioutr intches, joined together, would formL one continuous cigar 35,252,510 miles long, which would encircle the eaurth tore than one tisousaad times. Cut ip into equal pieces 350,000 miles in length, there would be over one thousand cigars which wovuuld extend fromu thie cntre of tle uearth to the centre of the muoonu hut these cigars into boxes ten inches long, four inches wide, and three inchies higlh, 100 to the box, it would require 4,00u),000,000 boxes. Pile these boxes it a solid maiss anti they oesupy tile spaeo of 291,4,llit cubeic fret. 11' piled up twenty feet high they would cover i lifrms of 338 acres; antid if laid side by sidle, the boxes would cover very nearly 20,000 acres. Allowing this tobacrco manufac ture to coa?t on tile average ten cents a pound, and we hlave 4,000t5,000,000 dollars ex pended overy year in producing a noxious, do leterious weed. At lIast one and a half tlimes as much more is reqnired to nmanufiseture it into marketable bform, andu dispose of it to thile consumer. At the \cry lowest estilato, then, the htinarti faoily expend every year 1,000,000,000 dollars in tie grautiflation of ass acquired habit, or one dollar for every mant, woman and child on tle faceof the eartrtl! Thia sum would build two railrouadd round thile catth at a cost of 20l,000 dollars per mile, or sixteien railroaids frol the Atlanitic to thie Paciicie. It twould build 100.000 chilurches, costing 10,000 dollars cacll, or 500,000 oishool- iouseCs, costing 1l000 dollars each, or 1,000,000 of odwellings costing 1000 dollars each. It wvoulld employ 1,000,000 preachers, and 1,000,000 teachers, giving each a salary of 500 dollars per year. It would slpport 3,333,333 yotng men at col legei giving eehl 300 dollars per anuum for expenses. Is this anninal outlay to increase or eereasd in fittlre? -B.uffilo .Demnocrarr. ToE NElW AUBTRALIAN STaousIIt.r.- A co:npaniy was formed a short time ago under ite auspices of IMessrs. Gibbs, UBight, and Co., for the purpose of running teamships lfrom tris port to Australia, thim Great Briltain being the first vessel put on the line. ''The second vessel is now nearly ready for launching, nod should thero he bwater next month siho will be loated. Thllis vessel, whirch is not yet saneJd, was originally designed for a ship, and cos traected for by a Liverlmpol shipow.er, from ss r. Cram, iron shipbuilder, of Chester and Queen's Ferry, under speeifcations dlrawn by Mr. Jonathan Orindrod. Buat before ithe ship wsas laid down, tihe contract was transferred. to Messrs. Gibbs, Bright, and Co., for whom a nao model wans made for an ironl screw steam stip, and very shortly afterwardls they tolok the matter into tlthir owtn hands, still continuing Mr. Gainidrod il the positioa of consulting en gineer, but appoilting Mr. Pattison, of Bristol tieto builder of tie Great Lritsisn), mtster ship wright, and placing extra superintendrlents over ithe varions detail sf time ship. 'lihe vessel is bsildinig at Sandycroft, near Queen's Ferry. The foilowing are Iher dimesions:-t-Lengti h over all, 320 feet; breadth of beamt, 41 feet i icelhes; depl:hl of lhold amildslips, 2f feet 6 inchles; barlthen 3000 tons. She will be a full rigged ship, with double yards on the fore and mtntl tnastso, to falciiitate teeling. At tile senlle tiame she will l furnItished wlith the aut iliary screw propeller. Thomae hincliery is constructie g by Messrs. 1'enn astm'. Sota, of Greesnwic.h, vhol nsadlo the last encgiUes of the Great Britain, and we under.stanil tlhe work is le.Ily fisishdl. iThe avanilable power, gailted by largo bdilora, sill be at least :tOO horses, anld hler erew wtrill be lifted whetn circumstances require hler to sail by the winld alone. 'lhe scrrew seaft will le ercased in wood instead of brass, witl Inldia rubber washers, which it is said wear better, I and prosent henting,-Liverpool Tim:. Jltrstoti oF Tl E llo Smru D)Let OF W r. emo'roa.--the l)nike of Wellington, t, 10, screw ship, Captarin Cnltwell (Ilng ship of Rear-Ad mirael DundiIas), has returnedrl to Spithread from thlp )ownr, to effect repairs of ithe Idaemges she austaierd by gettingintocollision with the Amoe. ricn etigranst ship CGeorge Hurllert, on the tlighlt of the sthi inst., aboiut six hours after leavintg Portenmolth. As soon as shie was ins sight a party of lship:'rights and riggers were sent olf to her in one of tie dockyard tugs, and tichese have been t work on iher all day. Ad. isirnl DIrudns has not returnedl int her, havilnp shilfced his inhg ti the INile, 29, screw. lBoth vesul: stustinedi considerable injuries ihvy this unfortunate collision. T'lie Duke of Wellinig teon had iher forryard carried away, together rith her port swinging room, thre whole of the port ann iart oftle mnainchalins, quarter gallery, and Ihammock netings, breaking thie stock of tie heat ibower anchor, and driving the sheet nechor from its ierthr into thie gangway. The hieck iwas fcarfjl, tile merchant shipr losing fore tolpmot, howsprit jibboorn, cut- water, &c.; 'lThe olcicdett appearsi to have arisen fromt thie emi grant ship suddenly cominig uipon tile flet, wheich were steaming down Clhannel at an easy rate, thie night being very fine and the moor ehining brightly. The Duke reports that the cruse of tiLhe accident was owing to n bad "look olri" on Ioirdr thie mercbantrman, tile tman who vas steering her not seeing hiris danger till ha var ltise oil tire Dtuke, whoen heilm wars put heard-a-port, steering south, to get out of the tery. By this it was thought tiat lthe vessels. would ltave passed, erllels the tmercihantman rddenlv, apparently in a hurry, put thie helm mrd-ar'starboard, running into the Duke's fore chnins. A stenmer was sent to look after the merhant vessel, but she could not Ie found. Sie came into 'ortsmouth on lriday.--.Ep lish praper. A GOos' SroRY.-Among the marvels which hairve been related in thu guard-room du ring the residence of the 4th Lancashire Mili tia at Bcrwick, has been that of the freaks of an nerial visitnnt reported to freqtuent' the huer racks and its outposts. Tie recital was ob served to interest very Inmuch ra wrecruit; annd with a view of trying his metal, one of bis fel. Iow-militiamen resolved to personate thelu imagi nory visitor. Hlaviig in the cvencingturned hii inner garments outermost, hie proceedled to the sentry box, where tite young soldier was on gueard, and, niticipating tltt his appearance would be sufficiottto awe his comrade into sub jaction, and tlaw his tilitary spirit he com mnencedt playing some antics appropriate to thu character he had assumedl. 'hie calculation of the ghost, hoowever, turnedl out to be at fault a for preselltly thie intuslcet of the guard was placed hi n i mode of defence, attack was mado Ilpoult the spectre, nnd the hayvonet onfortnnntely nmade an eutrance into his fleshy frameo, formling an iich and a-ltlf deep. The spirit has sitnc bIeen lodged in tihe hospital, whilst his assailnt has waxed in courage, and thie ghost story hasn, in contecqencn, increased in itlterest. Estnon.tTlon OF I'oParn CItlLtnten TO W7e SonuTr WaLES.-From copieCs of com nlunictitons which htre taken place between thie President of thie Poor inLaw Board and the Emnigration Conmmissioncrs, it appears tlhat boys and girls abont the ago of thirteen years nmy, with the consent of their parents, and under certain: cndlitions, be applointed to employers in New Sorutllh Wales. '[hIo condi tiots a.ppear to lhave been laid dowtn in an act passed by the Lirgiulattre of onew South Yralos in the year 183u, regulating thie indenting of assisted inmnigrants and others in the Unitedt Kiingdom; wvhieh acnt wats submitted to the Poor Law IBoardt, whou (in July, 1853) saw tlo objcction to thie oenctmenta eolltaiued in sec tions 7 andt 8 of tihe act referrlecd to. ly these elatnuses special provisiont is madel for the emi gration of loys and girls above thirteen years of age, to be selected from cletnosynary es talblilshlents, anil to thi ecxpincscs of whose oemigration £ per lheatd (andt no more) trill be contribluted by the Emiigration Cotmmissioners, T'io wltole cost is estiatoed at £20 per Ihead (tid no moro) will be contributed by the Cmi gratiou Cotmmissioners; andt in eases whcro boards of guardians or the masters and tnanh~ger' of charlitics will pay tihe dilf'urence i. c., £1l2-- tle conmissioners aro ready to eu tcrtain the applications.-Tinmes, April 20. CHRAncrEntsITcs or TnC AGE.--Lord Ash hurton concludes nU address on " Colnmuoll T'hings," which hIe has just issued to the school nlmnsters ntd schotlolnistresees of IIunts andt Wilts, in tlhe following terms:--" If I Ilad spaca I swoull atitempt to shlow you that it is tlot in the Crihnen ohly, liut that in our fields, in our torwns, at our very threshlolds, are to bhe found tie same fatal rostlts of raistlireeted intelligence. I woull take yell on that se which we claihm as our element, and h llove ou tihe sails of our mer chuuntniti cunt gatint all rile of science to hlold the witnd rather tlalnt to sitnil fliat as a boardl ; I would take you anlid the hligh-priccd stock of our ftrts, andn show you that tIe medical at teldaouce to which their care is entrusted is as inferior to tihe instruncted veterianry practi tioner as was the surgcon-bhnrber of Queet llizabeth's tittle to Astley Coopler or Ilrodic of the present ; I wnolni show yoe our chlurcles built without referectte to ncouctics-our pa laces without regard to vontillationt; I would . tillow you our nlechanics' instihntes dcpnrtin?g from tie wise intention of D)r. lhirkbcck, their fonnder, and waisting noble alspirations aftert knownledge by dilettuntli lectures upon useless frivolities. All this misdlirected industry it matlhoodl is the fruit of the mitdirected biats itt parted in chlildhood; you are answerable for that bias; may your cfolbrts hbe successfuL" Tine )I3rntTtS CusAn.CTen,-e"Thero are two kinds of boastit'," said Sam, "active andlpad sive. Thie former bclotgs exclusively to my eounntrymen, and thIe latter to the British A Yankeo openly asserts ando loudly proclaims his superiority. Julos Cull looks and feels it. lie don't girve ittcranc to th;s convictiont. Hu takes it for granted all the worll knows andt adlmits it, and he is so thlornbghljl persuaded of it himsielf, that, to use his own thvouritu phlrase, he don't care n fig if folks don't admit it. His vanity, therefore, has a toblimnity in it. lIe thiniks, as the Italians say, that when natnru formed hint she broke the thould. There never was, never cant, nel never will be, another like him. Ilis boastil', thlerefore, is:passive. IId shows it and acts it; hut Ihe don't proclaim it. lie coUnlcscCeds and is grucions; patronises and tulks down to you."-Snam S!/ch. F2antou.-There is no end to the vagaries of fashion. It is norw naid thalt tihe next stvlu will be to wear bonnets on the/head. 'iTholadniie will secarcely be recoguised by their intimate friends. If you woul know how a bull would look when Iris tail is twisted, just ask a man for "lthat little bill he owes you," when he is talk ing to a young lady. T|i 'TI'nin Losses.-Ttin a Spanish maxint thalt "h tlhate loselt ivenltn, loseth oluch; he who loseth a friend, loseth more; but he who loseth his spirits, loseth iall." So koch up your spirits, andil a lig for care. A FLOWIsO STYLc.-' Dear me, flow fluidly he does talkl " said Mrs. .'nrtiogtou recently, at a tenlmperunc lecture; "0I nt always rejoiced whlet he mnounts th nostril, for his eloquenced warms me in every nerve anid cartridge ofmy body." ThIe followring note was lately received by a innsic.sciler frio in a farmer in the country. "Sir, I n tat y'ow to seed rnn by the postman' the nngel in nl quodriel." Upon inquiry it swa ascertinied thint he required a copy of " The t'. '" Aagelina Quadnlrille.," Conaous Ilts.-i" eo tere, Gripps, I tundturtalln yotn Isvve ai superior way of caring : hanls. I shoull like to learn it."-" Well, yes; I know very well how to cure them; but thu trouble witlh me, just now, is to find out a wai to procuro them," 