DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. GOOD NEWS FOR THE UNEMPLOYED.— The following is an extract from a letter of the surveyor in charge of the Gipps Land District : — " I have seen lately two or three individuals from Omeo, all of whom report most favorably of the success of the few parties who have re- mained at the diggings. One party was getting as much as an ounce a day per man, and none making less than £1 per diem. They report the gold to extend over an immense extent of country, and to be very equally distributed, so that any ordinary laborer can earn at least 20s. each day. COUNTY COURT OF BOURKE.— There are 691 causes entered for trial in this court, on the September list. Out of this number 310 are in the £200 jurisdiction, and 381 in the £10 juris- diction. ELECTION FOR NORTH BOURKE.— A num— ber of the electors of North Bourke, determined that the constituency should no longer " go a begging," have called a public meeting to take measures to secure the return of a suitable re- presentative. The meeting will take place on Friday evening next at the Yorkshire Hotel, Wellington-street, Collingwood. BAZAAR IN AID OF THE HOSPITAL.— We are informed that the ladies of Melbourne and the neighborhood have responded most cordially to the appeal of the Hospital Com- mittee, and that already some hundreds of fair hands are employed in preparing for the monster bazaar. It is expected that the attendance at the meeting this day will be very numerous. We are requested to remind our lady friends that the meeting will be held at two p.m., at the Mechanics' Institution. John Hodgson, Esq., M.L.C., will take the chair. LAND SALE AT CASTLEMAINE.— A sale of Crown lands will take place at Castlemaine, on the 24th proximo, the lots including the fol- lowing :— Ten town lots at Castlemaine, and thirty-nine suburban at Chewton, fronting the main line of road from Elphinstone to Castle- maine. CORONER FOR MARYBOROUGH.— Yester- day's Government Gazette announced the appoint- ment of Thorp Mountain Girdlestone, Esq., as coroner for the district of Maryborough in the room of C. Candler, Esq., resigned. ILLUSTRATED WEEKLY PAPER.— Un- dismayed by the previous failures of others, Mr. Cyrus Mason, of Collins-street, is about to enter the ranks of the colonial press with an illustrated weekly paper. The illustrations will be lithographed, and judging by the sample picture at the foot of the prospectus, we should be inclined to think that good effects may be produced by that process. The first number of the new paper is announced to appear on the 1st proximo. MOUNT ALEXANDER RAILWAY.— The half-yearly meeting of the shareholders of the Melbourne and Mount Alexander Railway takes place at noon this day, at the offices of the company, at the foot of Batman's Hill. OFFENCES WITH HORSES. — Alexander M'Pherson, Alexander Rattrey and James Ben- netts, drayman, were fined 20s. each at the City Court yesterday, for neglect of their horses in the public street on Tuesday last. DRUNKARDS.— There were eight persons charged with this offence at the City Court yes- terday, who were fined 10s. each. CRUELTY TO ANIMALS.— Mr. Wisewould, solicitor, complained of Robert Allen at the City Court yesterday, for cruelty to a bullock. He stated that, returning home on Tuesday evening, he met the prisoner with a bullock-team. Allen was standing by one of them, and plunging a knife into its nose, and it was bleeding very profusely. The prisoner, who is a youth of about sixteen, said he could not get the bullock on, and he made use of this means as he thought it was the best. He was in the employment of a settler, and was coming to town with a load. He was sent to gaol for two months, with hard labor, and notice ordered to be sent immediately to the master to reclaim his bullocks. THEATRICAL AND MUSICAL GOSSIP.— Mrs. Waller is definitively engaged to appear at Drury Lane Theatre in February next. The admirable actress has been performing at Hobart Town and Launceston with the most flattering success, and her numerous admirers intend presenting her with a handsome diamond ornament. Mr. and Mrs. Stark are expected to arrive in Sydney shortly ; and Madame Anna Bishop is also on the way from the same place. Miss A. M. Quinn, with Mr. Vinson, and a complete theatrical staff, are engaged to appear at the Adelaide Theatre. PETTY SESSIONS.— The following locali- ties have been proclaimed as places for the hold- ing of Courts of Petty Sessions :— Balmoral, Barrow's Inn, Brighton, Benalla, Echuca, and Sale. CARISBROOK.— The next County Court of Carisbrook will be held on the 28th proximo. HAWKERS AND PEDLARS.— Special meet- ings of the justices of the peace for the district of Bendigo and Hepburn will take place on the 11th proximo, for the purpose of taking into conside- ration applications for hawkers' and pedlars' licenses. CONTRACTS.— The following tenders for Government work and supplies have been re- commended for approval :— Mr. John Kelly's, for conveyance of mails between Castlemaine and Swan Hill weekly ; that of E. Barman and Co,, for erecting ten shelter-sheds ; and that of Messrs. Pettett and Scithers, to make one mile and forty-eight chains of the Mount Alexander- road, near Altken's Creek. ROAD FROM BACCHUS MARSH TO GIS- BORNE.— The Central Road Board being about to construct a road from Bacchus Marsh to Gisborne, all persons deeming themselves af- fected are required to set forth their complaint in writing and address it to the president of the Board. The quantity of land required for the proposed road is nine acres and fourteen perches, and the estimated cost of effecting the work is £790. ATTEMPT AT SUICIDE.— Henry Chandler, an aged man, was brought up at the City Court yesterday, under the following circumstances :—On Monday, the 11th inst., information was sent to the police that the dead body of a man was lying in the swamp, below the slaughter-houses on the banks of the Yarra. On proceeding to the place, the prisoner was found in quite an insensible state, bleeding at his arm, which was much cut. A razor was lying by his side, though its edge was very much blunted. He was conveyed to the hospital, from whence he was now brought. The case was remanded for inquiry. A BRIDGE AT COLLINGWOOD.— A public meeting will take place this evening, at the Fitzroy Arms, Napier-street, Collingwood, for the purpose of forming a joint-stock company, to undertake the building of a bridge across the Yarra, at the lower end of Gipp's-street.— Alderman Hodgson is to preside. NORTH BOURKE VACANCY.— It is rumored that Mr. M'Ewan, ironmonger, of Elizabeth street, is about to become a candidate for the representation of the North Bourke vacant seat. He is understood to be a thorough anti- squatter and radical. The only candidate as yet avowedly in the field is Mr. Mooney, of the National Hotel. The nomination takes place on the 3rd of September. DISSOLUTIONS OF PARTNERSHIP.— From Tuesday's Government Gazette :— Joseph P. Butterworth and Thomas Smith ; George Edward Hicks and George Martin ; Thomas Marris and W. Allester, innkeepers, Cardigan-street ; James Goldsmith and George Gale, storekeepers, Castle- maine. ****** ASSAULT.-On .Wednesday morning, atf about six'o'clock, Edward Jones and his mate arrived in town with a load of fish, from Brigh- ton; Immediately on entering Flinders-street the oart was surrounded by hawkers, and he oom. mccced his sales. While his mate was supplying one customer, George Gibson, a mistake ia the count was made, upon which Jones wished to re count them, which Gibson objected to and struck Jones in the face and knocked him down. For this unprovoked assault he was brought up st .the City Court yesterday, and fined 20s, and 20s. costs to the complainant; or in default, seven days' hard labor. DETAINING A SHIP'S REGISTER.—Edward Courtney, Esq., was summoned before the magistrates at the City Court yestorday, by Robert Owen, for withholding from him the register of the brig Hugh Roberts, of which he was the owner. Mr. Courtney stated that the vessel had been given in among tho assets of the insolvent estate of M'Gavin, Guthrie, and Co., «ho had a Hen upon It for £800, and for which estate he was the official assignee. The order of the Bench was that,the register be delivered to the complainant. "ARGUS," "AOE," AND "HERALD." Two lads were brought up at the City Court yesterday, for selling newspapers on the stops and Í iaotpath of the Post Office. The Mayor pointed j out to them that it was not allowed, and, after a I little fright, the lads were discharged. I STEALING) LEAD.-A piteous, half-dumb person,named Lionel Smith, was brought up atthe City Court yesterday, charged with stealing lead. A constable had found him, at about half-past three o'clock on Wednesday morning, in Queen Street, with several sheets of lead. The prisoner, calling for pen and paper, wrote-"1 took it from Elizabeth-street, to procure food with, as I have had nothing to cat for tho last three days." He was sent to gaol for fourteen days. EMERALD HILL.-A requisition, signed by upwards of twenty landholders and ratepayers, having been addressed to James Service, Esq., Chairman of the Municipal Council of Emerald Hill, requesting him to call a meeting of those interested, to consider the determination of the City Council of Melbourne to enforce the colles tion of the rates for the current year, Mr. Ser- vice has, in compliance, convened a publio meet- ing, to take place ia the Great Iron Storo, Cecil street, this evening, at halt-past scvon o'clock. CARLTON GARDENS.—A public meeting is announced to take place this evening, at the Queensberry Hotel, Queensberry-strect, North Melbourne, with the object of obtaining the opening of Carlton Gardens as a traffic thorough- fare. TENDERS. -In Tuesday's Government Gazette tenders are called [for tho supply of pro- visions and general necessaries for the troop3 Stationed at Ballaarat, Castlemaine, Sandhurst, Avoca, '.Cariobrook, Gisborne, Kyneton, and Meredith. PUBLICANS' LICENSES.-Special Courts ot Petty Sessions will be held at Leigh and Belfast, on the 4th proximo, for tho purpose of consi- dering applications for the transfer of publi- cans' license?. BOBBING A LIGHTER.-Hugh.Martin was brought up at the City Court yesterday, upon the following charge:-On Monday night last, when James W. Gordan, master of tho brig Helen and Elizabeth, returned to his vessel, in the river, he found that the cabin hod beon broken open, and the clock, barometer, spy- glass, charts, and other articles wero'.gono from their places. He gave information immediately to the police, who on tho following day found the missing articles in the possession of the prisoner, on board the schooner Ariel. The prisoner mr.de no denial of having taken them, and was sentenced to six months' hard labor. DESERTING HIS WIFE.-James Reardon was brought before tho Mayor at the City Court yesterday, charged by bia wife, Mary, with having deserted her. She stated that ior some timo past she has been an inmato of the Benevo- lent Asylum, and had left on her husband's coming for her. After being a few days with him, ho had discarded and finally deserted her. Keardon stated that her conduct had been such as to moke her unworthy of his core. Previous to her going to the Aaylum, ehe hod left him, and kept a brothel, and their two children had been removed by her, contrary to his wiahs3. He was a blacksmith, witli very little work, and had his father to support. The magistrate, on hearing tbeae facts, dismissed her charge, but directed that Reardon should poy £1 per week into court for the benofit of the children. MR. KEMBLE'S MONODRAMATIO ENTER logue of " Kichard the Third." This performance is not a reading of the tragedy, but an attempt by one actor to impersonate tho various dramatis persona; -above twenty in number-a task which, to bo very successfully executed, would require a greater degree of versatility than is accorded to any man. Mr. Kemblo displayed a remarkable Îlower in tho management of his voice,-varying j ts tones instantaneously, and in a very natural manner, from tho fierce passion ot Richard to the plaintlvo warbling of tie Lady Anne, and the childish prattlo of the Duke of York. Ho was less successful in tho management of his coun- tenance, which boro what looked very like a good humored smllo whilo ho was uttering some of | Richard's most fiendish sarcasms. Mr. Kemble was dressed in character, and retired behind a screen for a minuto or two between each scene. Although ho received no aid from book or prompter, and did not much curtail tbo noting copy of tho play, ho was seldom ot a loss for the proper word». Tho performance, which com- menced at a few minutes to eight, was over at a qrarter to elevm. by which time tho audience had thinned con tide -ably. CorriN's OLYMPIC. - " The Corsican j Brothers" continues to attract largo audiences to tho Olympic. Tho little difficulties whioh occurred on the first evening of the perfor- mance of this pioce in the working of tho com- plicated machinery have disappeared, and tho changes are effected with a neatness and ac- curacy truly surprising. How they nre ac- complished is in each case a new subject of ] bewilderment to tho spectators after tbo pleasure of tho surprise haï subsided. One or two of these may be alluded to as mechanical triumphs. Mr. Brooke appears, from the suo- I cess of these arrangements, to be possessed of | ubiquity. Louis (Mr. Brooke) dies in the Jorest of Fontainbleau, ho bids his friends farewell! and assures them that it is unneces- sary for thom to cara for the convoyunco of I the tidings of his death to Corsica, as ho shall himself announce the intelligence. Tho friends gather around the dying man, and lu an Instant tho back of tho scene opens and Fabian (Mr. Brooke) Is seen gazing on ths scene oí tho duel, and by his voico proves that, howovcr tho translation wis accomplished the samo man who lay by the fallen treo but ibis moment lu tho next is grouped with his mother in tho Corsican chateau. After Fabian baa fought with Chateau lienaud, and killed him, ho passes behind a treo to resume his coat. To »li appearance ho returns instantly to his aeat ; but the real Brooke thereon émergea from the stage os the ghost of Louis, and as ho comforts hie Borrowing brother with the assurance that " they shall meet again" proves his identity with the successful duellist. In tho last act Fabian sits, faint and dying, on his chair at home. Ha is assisted by his mother and by Emily to riso, and lo I in tile chair just vacitcd aits tho spirit of his brother. This appeoranco ho regards as a call to join tho departed, and in obcdlonco lie falla into 'hie arms. Tho chair is vacant, and into it Fabian sinks. Tiio clo3lng tableau is also a triumpli of stogo mechanism. Tho whole oom pony of the theatro aro grouped in nn allegorical picture of a Corsican funeral, and an olTeot is produced worthy of tho epithet " magnificent." " To Oblige Benson" followed, and mot with the completo succoss it so richly deserves. CHESS CLUB, GEELONG.-Wo aro glad to learn that an addition to our stock of social amusements has lately been mode by the estab- lishment of tho Corio Chess Club ; a prelimi- nary mooting for tho formation of which took Ílsce last Tuesday evening, at Mr. Vole's, Goe mg circulating library, Moorabool-street, where for tho prosont tho weekly meetings will be held. Wo boliovo it ia tho intention of the club to havo a tournament ol' its mombora, to join in willoh oil tho ohess players in Goolong will ho invited. Persona desirous of becoming adepts in this truly intellectual amusoraent should oommunioato with Mr, Vale, tho honorary secretary.-Geelong Advertiser. DRUNKENNESS AND YAORANOY.-Two mt n wero fined ten shillings each at tho District Court on Tuesday for drunkennoss ; and two men wero sentoncod to fourteon days' imprisonment, with hard labor, for vagrancy. PASSENGERS' LUQGACIE.-Jane Hope complained against tho master of tho Oliver Lang at tho District Coutton Tuosday for illogilly detaining,her property. It appeared that the complainant had como out by tho vesssel in question, and hod lost sight of her box, for whioh Slio now wished to render the ship liable. But as it appeared that one of the ship's printed re- gulations was that tho captain or owners would not be rcBnonelblo if passougers loft tho ship with- out tholr luggage, the oomplalnt was dlsmissod. PUULIOANS' LAMPS.-Three publioans wero fined ii eaoh, with costs,at the District Court on Tuesday, for allowing their lamps to go out at night. 