ENGLISH EXTRACTS. j ,1 A STAGE THICK.—A better illustration of j stage costume is afforded us in the story of— I think Bensley. He had to play Henry AT. in " Richard the Third. After the monarch's death, in the early port of the play, he had to appear for a moment or two as his own ghost, in the fifth act. The spirits were at that time exhibited en buste, by a trap. Now our Henry was invited out to supper, and being anxious to get there early, and knowing that little more than his shoulders would be seen by the public, he retained his black velvet vest and bugles ; but, discarding the lower part of his stage costume, he drew on a jaunty pair of new, tight, nankeen pantaloons, to be as far drossedfor his supper company, as he could. TVhen he stood on the trap, he cautioned the men who nui, turned iiuuL-u uu.- the crank, umii, not uui to raise Him him as high as usual, and of course they promised to obey. But a wicked low comaiedian was at hand, whose love of mischief prevailed over his judgment, and hs suddenly ap- i plied himself with such good will to the I winch, that he run King Henry right up to a level with the stage; and moreover gave his j Majesty such a jerk, that he was forced to i step from the trap on to the boards, to save j himself from falling. The. sight of thc old Lancastrian monarch in a costume of two such different periods—mediaeval above, all nankwn and novelty below—Was destructive of aU decorum both before the stage and uponit. The audience emphatically "split their sides ;" and as for the-tyrant in the tent, he sat bolt upright, and bum into such an insane roar, that the real Hicliard could not have looked more frantically hysterical had the deceased Henry actually so visited hhn in the nankeen spirit-Wan'6 Habits 3 Men. APPLICATION- OP SEWAGE WATEII.—The irrigated meadows in the neighbourhood of Edinburgh are almost the only illustration of the profitable application of sewage water, It may be held, therefore, that under present circumstances, the chances for repayment for money expended by corporations in constructing conduit pipes, with elevating inachinery to dispose of the sewage to farmers for being used to irrigate the soil, arc very small indeed. Tlie question of payment f< r liberty to use sewage water for irrigation is, however, the least important so far as the inhabitants themselves are concerned ; for if they were sufficiently aware of the importance of a pure atmosphere, all application of sewage water to the purposes of irrigation would be strictly prohibited, especially in the neighbourhood of towns. Irrigation, even with pure water, produces certain diseases, ague, fever, &c.; The sanitary view of the question is the most important "one, for, wherever irrigation by sewage water is practised, the atmosphere*is necessarily In a polluted state. This may be regardei by some as an absurdly fastidious idea, but is not the less certain, as those residing in some parts of Edinburgh are made sensible of, with winds from the east, particularly in the spring months when tlie sewage water is in all the meadows. The effluvium is sensibly felt in those streets to the cast of thc Caltou Hill. Attempts have been made, in reference to the irrigated meadows in the neighbourhood of Edinburgh, to show that these arc not productive of any class of diseases. liv the same process of reasoning, open sewers " connected with defective drainage are not del e- terious to the health. Thc latter rather confines disease, producing agencies,—the former spreads these agencies over a more extended surface. If those located in the neighbourhood of irrigated lauds, either by a system of liquid manuring, were sufficien'tly aw-are ofthe injurious effects which result to health from the system, those practising irrigation would be indicted for a nuisance. It is a duty which thc Government will most probably one day perform, to make it an offence against the State to irrigate land by the employing of sewage water, or by a system of liquid manuring.—North British Agriculturist. Snrruour's POSITION.—Among the few matters tliat tended to enliven what was, in other respects, a rather dull debate o:i tlie Militi-i Bill, tlie most ninusing incident was the inquiry of Colonel Sibthorp, what would be Ills position after the passing of the measure. Lord l'almerston recommended the "home circle" to thc gallant Colonel as his most appropriate sphere of usefulness. Certainly, "Sibthorp ut home," offers a rich field—much richer than thc battle held—for the contemplation of those who are familiar with the gallant Colonel's peculiarities. We are quite sure, nevertheless, that he would act with becoming bravery before a foe, and indeed, the daring nature'of his charges must be pretty well known to the members ol' thc Government. With characteristic straightforwardness, these charges are always face to face, and he is not one of those who are addicted to the cowardice of wounding an enemy, or more properly speaking, an opponent, when liis back is turned. \Ve admire the tact with which tlie Colonel effected a diversion in his own favor; for when told tliat the best placc for him was his own home and by implication that he ouglitto be in bed instead of m thc House of Commons, he discharged one of those pieces of light artillery which arc always sure to tell, by giving notice that, "on a future occasion he should take an opportunity of moving tho reduction of the salaries of those who sit on the treasurybenches." This shell, thrown into the Government ranks, produced the usual explosion oflauditer, which continued holding both the sides of the House for a few seconds and enabled the gallant Calouel to retreat under cover of his own fire.—l'unch. PASTIME OF THE PEERS.—The other cveumg a considerable portions the House of Lords was occupied m the-discussion of the ? oble lOTd ' 6 ar- ument had been properly described as 'aWd," a„d whether some other noble lord had beenxeally guilty of uttering "degraduig and "debasing" sentiments. It seems to us rather immaterial whether their lordships were nght or wrong in abusing one mother; but it is undoubtedly wrong that they should waste what is usually tenned "the time of the country" in A i^qiSrv whether the coarse language used by the Pwrsvv-as appropriate to the objccts against vvhich it was directed. Their lordship may test assured that the'nation does not insist on mijexplanation, but wiUbe perfecdy satisfifJ to trfte it for granted that both sidesUioroughly deserved all the abuse thev got from each other. The discussion discimsinn went of int^am if possible, stUl more unprofitable dise^S; asto^what would.have been Hie opinion 011 some question or rtatesmen.. The discussion on wirnt fiW Robert Peel would have thought might havcl bfein bein got rid'ofby ridofby as' nri tnnpn'tlmpnt. amendment proposing &g; it ^plect oommittee to inquire and, if possible,] ascertain, "What will Mrs, QniudyeayJ'VM •Punfch. -Cjl SI.,CMSI>IM!.- THE CAW.-^NOW ^.IutbI no jjipre Wellinetoiis in the Army,a^e„--jare| going to"adopt Coburgs. , , a • DHOWA-INO THOUGHTS.—De Quinccy, cariy life, "was nearly drowned in one of twsa lakes of Cumberland or ; Westmoreland. JJgl .says.that, previous to bis becoming uncon-f 'ecious, aU the sins he had evbr committed,] rushed into his memory—tho Errors of a life! were presentedito his mental vision concen-1 tratedm one focus. When consciousness isa retained, (this generally occurs in all such] cases ; it did so recently at -Trinity Pier,! where a young trades- lad, having swam out] cQosidevable length, looked hack, and get-f a consiaerame length, looked back, and getting alarmed by his • distance -from the pier, instantly got sick. He svas observed to be struggling by a young man, who immediately undressed and sswaal towards him, taking an air belt with him; by ihe appli-i once of which, and his own • exertions, he! succeeded in bringing the lad safely ashore.] One of the bystanders, after • Teminding the] rescued man of the danger he had been in, asked whether, when lie supposed he was drowning, he had thought of'his sins, he answered hysterically—"Oh ay, a* I ever committed,—stealing sugar, and everything.' | I.' Hid you never steal anything but sugar J 1 His Scotch caution having in -a moment re- ] turned, he replied,' I'm no' gaun to tell yoix : ] that:, at any rate, a* theilllhad ever dune ' P®^ roun' , in my mind as fast as it could fee/—Fact. -Fact. . A CELESTIAL CISXOSJUJE,—A French! paper gives, on the authority of a correspon-1 dent, an account of a duel'that took place in] Yankee land, at a place called Wags town,? between an abolitionist and a slaveowner.! To prevent officious interference, it was ur-1 rangedthatthemortal combat should come not! oil'on lower earth, but in thfe clouds, each ! paity having a b&loon; of "IiSs'Own. Being] so secret, of course they mafle their own ] gas. The arms were equally 'well chosen;! one, hight mgnt Johnny jonnny Freeman, Ireeman, had a o dozen of oTl Rwirpls swivels • the tiip nlhw other; ITrtT™. Hcf&y; All An wright. the 1 , nigger-holder, took up only a howitzer ! A long account of the successive broadsides and the skill oftlie duellists iu' evadiuc the shot-by throwing out ballast orcmittine ess dodging up aud down, east and west we will skip, and come to the result After four hours cannonading, a bomb from Heflry's howitzer burst Johnny's balloon • but at the same moment Johnny passed ovei his adversary machine, and by a simultaneous discharge of his twelve swivels shattered Allright into the air. "A few seconds afterwards, two mangled corses were nickod up." • ^ ^ n„lin„,„, , ... ^ f ' ^ voy choice eminent coUector undt the ^ h r i r * * * Wilkinson, . w "} „^"Wton-street, on ^ twofoUowmgdays, has clearly demonstrated that the .rage for collecting books of undoubted rarity, in spite of the critical times, is undimmished. The fol lowing may serve as a samnle of mens" being a selection of the more uncor- - > u «r' tides:—Lot G2, "Cancionero ' - -ieral" Anvcrs, 1557, £11 15s. 145 llibl- ,,ile of the earliest, in which 1 Tim' jv _„„, "Thv" instead of "Ihe do-ltv- ' '' r™, bridge, 1663, £15 15s. 183 A"i J arteofa llegister," being a collection of 42 Puritan ical tracts on ecclesiastical diseitlline inrlndl ins Udall's famous "DemonstratTo'n,'" "DmmLs''., » for the wnting of which he was sentenced to be hanged, iu 12s. fid. 220, Dugdalc's "Antiquities of \\\ arwickshire," enlarged bv W Thomas, 2 vols., 1730, £33 10s. 249! Iiearne s collection of works relating to English History and Topography, G5 vols large paper, i275 414, Arehbiihop Laud's Conference with Fisher, the Jesuit, with the Archbishops autograph, "W. Cant," £6 l'2s. fid. 429, Shakespeare's Comedies, Histories, and Tragedies, first edition, 1623, iloO ; thc second edition sold for £17 10s • the third for £50 ; and the fourth for £9 I5s' 4/1, Savonarola's "Exposicyou of the 51st Mice, Pais, 1533, £8 12s. 6d 629 .Spenser s "Faen Queene," first edition." 1590-9G, £10 10s. 552, Wilkii* m) cnia Mauiw llntainiia-," 4 vols., 1737, £20 10s. lite collection was particularly r'•in rare and curious old tracts of ou. iv divines, vvhich uniformly produced very : iKt ,rhe thrCC day £mo 6 ' eale brau B ht Nearly IMI'OETANCE OP AKCHi-rncTS—There is an excellent story on record of an architect repudiating any connexion with the building fraternity, ui the case of the late eminent Ifr Alexander, arcliiteet of Rochester Bridge and other fine buildings in Kent. He was under cross-exammation, in a special jury cause at Maidstone, by Sergeant, afterwards Baron barrow, who wished to detract from the weight of Ins testimony, and after asking what was his name, proceeded: " You are a builder, I believe r'' No sir, I am not a huUder, I am ail architect." " All, well • architect or builder, builder or architect.' they arc all the same, I suppose !" " I beg your pardon, sir,l cannot admit that; I consider them to be totally different." " Oh, indeed !—-perhaps vou'wiU state wherein the great difference consists." " An architect, sir prepares the plans, conceives the designs and draws out tlie specifications—in short supplies the mind; the builder is merely the bricklayer or the crrpentcr—thc builder in fact,is the machine ; tho arehitecrthe power tliat puts tlie machine together, and sets it a going.' " Oh very well, Mr Architect, that will do; and now after your very ingenious distinction without a difference, perhaps you can inform tlie court who was thc architect ofthe Tower of Babel r" And now mark the reply—wlucli, for promptness and wit. is perhaps not to be rivaUcd in the whole iustory of the rejoinder :-" There was no architect, sir,—and hence the confusion."— Extract from a Letter by thc Rev. J. Jesson. COST or THE MVu.-Vhe Daily News aiiSs to show that the expenditure of the war has not exceeded tile supplies already provided. These are tlie iknn-es The cost of tlie '"-my. navy, and ordnance, in 1863, was £16,025,657 ; and the number of men voted lor thc three services was 165,381—armv 102,283 ; navy, 45,500; ordnance, 17,69s! Ihe number voted in 1854 as sufficient for the war was - army, 127,241, increase, <!4,jas ; navy, o0,500, increase, 14,000: ord- I 9 ' 2 ? 6, " lcrca - sc 106 ' 8 i totalincrease, 35,008, or about one-ninth. Thc addition, therefore, to our military power, caused by thc war, over and above the peace establishment of 1353, as measured bv thc number of men, which includes officers'of all ranks was -1 per cent. Thcadditional money, however asked bv the ChanccUorof the Exchequer and readily granted, for this increased mili! tarv power, was the surplus revenim £2,000,000, additional taxeTll^ooSS a loan by Exchequer Bonds £6,000,000, and a vote of credit £3,000,000, total £21,000,000 • wluch, .v.^.e^ added uuaea to the uie military expenditure of t 1854, 1804. makes n a T-ifnl total p ^ b u j-.-r., expenses of more thun £37 000 000 ? VnZ the force was cmlyil^ed 21 Z c e n ^ money voted vvas augi^ted rt is Marked ^ Bank of England fortheW ber are £4>S2,390 ;^ « rtK^HS, ponding period of the tot n L r t ^ ^ T year, or tfietet weekF^S^rt.^ *** onlv £2 722 3 4 5 ^ ^ bruaiy,.^.fljey en Idfawd^Sf ihJVrtrJ^' govemmpn his ^ ^ e d T S ^ S n l S yet ilOOO.MOoflsSQU^W^ri^T-n 58 yet uJksnei ifd Jh^ £3,O0M0Ois imtvei/i,^.- eredit-^for retod'to "thl ^ D W C t e f f l i ^ ^ J S for^ ^ nage ofshimlnLS^^ r i ^ t f i ^ l ^ S ^ S ^ ^t® ^ m S ^ & A ftf* ab6 u * cost ; ^ ^ W ^ b gives £lM%po6* 1 