THE DIOCESAN SYNOD. The draft of the New Diocesan Constitu tions and of the Deed of Trust, which have been framed during the absence of the Bisnop of Adelaide, under the direction of the most eminent ecclesiastical lawyers of England, were on the 4th January submitted by his Lordship to the Chapter of Clergy of the Diocese of Ade laide. On Tuesday, the lay representatives of the various congregations met the Bishop and clergy in Synod, when, after his Lordship's ad dress to his clerical1 and lay brethren, the dis cussion of the various sections of the Constitu tions was commenced and adjourned to the fol lowing day. As it is important that every mem ber of the Church of England in this province should be made to the fullest extent acquainted with the nature of those Instruments, we pro pose devoting daily a portion of the Tones to a full account of all proceedings connected with the business of the Synod during its present session. In order that the several objections, of which notes were made by his Lordship, may be rendered intelligible to our numerous readers, we propose commencing with the publication— in their original form and consecutive order—of so much of the documents referred to a9 our space from day to day will admit of; following it up by the objections themselves, and conclud ing with the address before alluded to. It will be apparent that our reason for adopting this course is that the desultory nature of the pro ceedings, without such a key as the documents supply, would be almost useless as a report of the business transacted. It is probable that Com mittees will be appointed to consider and report upon the objections noted, previously to the sub mittal of them to the Synod. DIOCESAN CONSTITUTIONS. Determined and agreed upon at a Synod convened by the Right Reverend Augustus, by Divine Permission, Lord Bishop of Adelaide, Ordinary of the Diocese of Adelaide, in the Province of Sydney, in Australasia. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Whereas, certain Members of the United Church of England and Ireland, within that portion of the Diocese of Adelaide comprised iu South Australia, were convened by the said Lord Bishop of Adelaide, at Adelaide, on a.d. 185 , to hold a Diocesan Synod, and being so in Synod assembled, did deliberate by what means purity of doctrine, the due performance of divine service, the wholesome discipline of the clergy, the further regulation of matters ecclesiastical within the said diocese, the better maintenance and the exten sion of the public worship of Almighty God, according to the rites and ceremonies of the United Church of England and Ireland; the due supply and proper sup port of ministers of the said church, within the diocese of Adelaide ; the management, disposal, and enjoyment of all the real and personal estates and effects conveyed, assured, given, or dedicated for the benefit of this diocesan church, might best be maintained, secured, and provided for : it was at the said Synod, and by the members thereof so assembled, declared and agreed as follows : that is to say, That there are at this time, in the province of Sydney, in Australasia, six dioceses, to wit, Sydney, Newcastle, Melbourne, Adelaide, Tasmania, and New Zealand, whereof Sydney is the Metropolitical See : That the Archbishop of Canterbury hath authority over that province and those dioceses: That the Church therein is an integral part of the United Church of England and Ireland: That the diocese of Adelaide, and the Bishop, clergy, and laity thereof, are exposed to divers inconveniences by reason of the want of effectual regulation, and, if a remedy for such inconveniences be not provided, the wholesome discipline of the clergy may be relaxed, errors of doctrine may creep in, and other grievances may afflict the brethren: That, for the edification of the brethren and the provoking of them to love and good works, it is desirable that they be, by means of parochial organization and the assembling of themselves together, brought into closer fellowship : That it is desirable that the bishop be, in the exercise of his episcopal authority, aided by the clergy and laity : That the said diocese of Adelaide, and the Bishop, clergy, and laity thereof, shall henceforth, in the matters and to the extent hereinafter expressed, be regulated by, and abide by, the Constitutions fol lowing : This Diocesan Church of Adelaide shall ever maintain the doctrine aud sacraments and the discipline of Christ, as the Lord hath commanded; and the United Church of England and Ireland hath received the same; And shall continue the use of the Book of Common Prayer, and administration of the sacraments, and other rites and ceremonies of the church, according to the use of the United Church of England and Irelandtogether with the Psalter or Psalms of David, pointed as they are to be said or sung in churches ; and the form or manner of making, ordaining, or consecrating of bishops, priests, and deacons ; and subscription as required by the thirty-sixth canon of the Convocation of Canter bury of the year 1603 ; and the bishop, clergy, and laity of this diocese shall be governed by the Laws Ecclesiastical. These Constitutions shall not in any respect derogate from, but shall be altogether subject and without pre judice to, the supreme authority of the Queen's most excellent Majesty, in all her dominions, over all per sons, in all causes, as well ecclesiastical as temporal. These Constitutions shall not in any respect derogate from, but shall be altogether without prejudice to, the authority of the Archbishop of Canterbury. These Constitutions shall not in any respect dero gate from, but shall be altogether subject-and without prejudice to, the metropolitical jurisdiction of the Bishop of Sydney. These Constitutions shall not in any respect free any of the clergy of this diocesan church from the Episcopal or ordinary jurisdiction of the bishop of this diocese; and no person shall at any time officiate as a minister of this diocesan church without then having the license of the bishop. These Constitutions shall be in all respects without prejudice to the ordinary visitation of his clergy by the bishop of this diocese. These Constitutions, or anything from time to time done or suffered in accordance therewith, shall not re quire or authorise anything to be done or suffered by | any person contrary to the law of the land. CONSTITUTIONS. Chapter I.—General Provisions. Section 1. For the better organizing this Diocesan Church, there shall be yearly held a. Diocesan Synod j thereof, consisting of the clergy of the Diocese and certain lay representatives. '< Section 2. Inasmuch as it appertains to the office of Bishop and Presbyters to preach the Word of God and set forth the form of sound words to the people; there fore, every question of doctrine submitted to the Dio cesan Synod shall, in the first instance, be treated of by the Bishop and the clergy, either separately or together, as he deems most convenient; and they shall so first consider every such question of doctrine sub mitted to the Diocesan Synod, whether by the Bishop, by the clergy, or by the laity, and shall resolve there upon or not as they shall think fit, and report accord ingly to the Synod. Section 3. No such doctrinal decision and constitu tion shall be binding on this Diocesan Church or any of the members thereof which has not received, in the | Diocesan Synod, the concurrent assent, according to these constitutions, of the Bishop, the clergy, and the laity. Section 4. Everything which in accordance with these constitutions may be done or suffered by or with reference to the Bishop, may be so done or suffered by or with reference to the Bishop's Commissary; and the expression, "The Bishop," in these constitutions shall accordingly, unless there be something in the subject or context repugnant to or inconsistent with such con struction, include "The Bishop's Commissary." Chapter II.—Parochial Organization. Section 5. There shall be a parochial organization of | this Diocese, as nearly jn accordance with the paro chial organization of a diocese in England, as circum stances from time to time render expedient and admit. Section 6. The inhabited parts of this diocese shall from time to time be by the Diocesan Assembly par celled out into districts, and one such district shall be by the Diocesan Assembly allotted to every church from time to time built in this diocese. Section 7. Such districts, or any of them, may from time to time bo by the Diocesan Assembly subdivided, united, taken from, added to, and otherwise altered; but so that one such district be alloted to every such Church. Section 8. For the purposes of these constitutions every such District shall be called a parish, and the church to which the district is allotted shall be called the parish church ; and the name of the parish church shall, as in England, give the name to the parish. Section 9. For the imrposes of these constitutions ] the clergyman in priest's orders from time to time having the license of the Bishop to officiate in an)' such parish church, and that clergyman only, shall be and be called the minister and incumbent of that parish church and parish. Section 10. Except with the assent of the Diocesan Synod, or in case of the number of the clergymen in priest's orders in this diocese having the Bishop's licence not being sufficient, or in any other ease of necessity, and only while the necessity lasts, no one clergyman shall at the same time be the minister and incumbent of more than one parish and parish church. Section 11. No person shall be the minister or in - cumbent of a parish dhureh or parish who is not a clerk in priest's orders of the United Church of England and Ireland, or a subject of the Queen's most Excellent Majesty being a clerk in priest's orders of some other Protestant Episcopal Church in communion with that United Church. Section 12. For the purposes of these constitutions there shall be a meeting of every parish, consisting of the members froni time to time of the congregation^ not under any Ecclesiastical censure, and being men of full age, seat-renters in the parish church, or contributing to one or more of the Diocesan Funds established in accordance with these constitutions, and worshipping in the parish church; and every such meeting shall be held in the vestry-room, or if none, in some convenient place within the parish, appointed by the person or persons convening the vestry, and shall be called the vestry of the parish. Section 13. The vestry shall meet yearly at noon on the Tuesday in Easter week, and at other times when convened by the minister or the churchwardens, or any ten members of the vestry; and, except when other wise provided by the constitutions of a Diocesan Synod, Notice of every vestry shall be given on the Sunday preceding by the minister, at the time of divine service, or by notice, in writing, on the church door. Section 14. The minister of the parish when present, or during his absence the senior churchwarden, or dur ing their absence the junior churchwarden, or during their absence a member of the vestry elected by the members present, shall be the chairman of the vestry, and in every case of an equality of votes the chairman shall have a second or casting vote. Section 15. The quorum of a vestry shall be five members of the vestry, and no business shall be trans acted or discussed thereat except while the quorum is present; and the vestry meeting shall be dissolved if the quorum be not present within one hour after the time appointed for the meeting, and when any question is put to the vestry. Section 16. A resolution of a vestry shall not be re voked or altered by any subsequent meeting of the vestry, unless the revocation or alteration be approved by the minister and churchwardens, or be determined on by a greater number of votes than those by which the resolution to be revoked or altered was carried. Section 17. No proceedings of any vestry at which a quorum is present shall be invalid in consequence of any irregularity or informality in calling, adjourn ing, or holding, or in conducting the business of the vestry. Section 18. Minutes of all the proceedings of the vestry shall be duly entered in books provided by the churchwardens for the, purpose, which shall be kept with the records of the vestry. Section 19. Every such entry shall be signed by the person who presided at the vestry at which the pro ceedings took place, or failing him, by two other per sons present thereat. Section 20. Every such entry purporting to be so signed, shall, in the absence of express proof of error in sub stance therein, be deemed an original proceeding in accordance with these constitutions, and shall accord ingly be conclusive on all persons concerned. Section 21. Every vestry shall from time to time regulate its procedure, but in accordance with these constitutions, as it thinks fit; and in every case of a difference of opinion, the majority in number of the members present and not declining to vote shall decide. Section 22. The minister of the parish may from time to time appoint and remove a clerk and pew openers for the parish church, and a sexton for the parish, and such other officers and servants for the parish as are requisite. But so far as their respective salaries or wages are to be paid out of the parochial fund of the parish, the salaries shall be fixed by the minister and churchwardens. Section 23. There shall for the purposes of these constitutions be two churchwardens for every parish. Section . 24. One of the churchwardens shall be appointed yearly in Easter week, by the minister, or failing such appointment may be appointed in the fol lowing week by the vestry; and the other churchwar den shall be appointed yearly in Easter week by the vestry, or failing such appointment may be appointed in the following week by the minister. Section 25. Failing such appointments respectively the churchwardens may be appointed at any time during the year by the minister. Section 26. Any vacancy in the office of churchwar den may be supplied for the rest of the year by the minister or vestry by whom the churchwarden whose place is vacant was appointed. Section 27. Every vestry may yearly in Easter week appoint any two or more of the members of the con gregation worshipping in the parish church, qualified to be churchwardens, to be sidemen to the church wardens. Section 28. No person shall without the assent of the minister be or act as a churchwarden or sideman, unless while he is a member of the congregation wor shipping in the parish church, Section 29. The churchwardens and sidemen re spectively shall continue in office until the appoint ment of their respective successors. Chapter III.—The Licensing of Ministers. Section 30. Every person to be licensed by the bishop to be the minister of a parish, or of any dis trict church, or of any chapel, or otherwise to be an officiating minister of this diocese, shall, be fore he is licensed, subscribe a declaration that so long as he cgntinues a member of the United Church of England and Ireland, residing within the Diocese of Adelaide, he will submit to all eccle siastical authority ; and to every sentence of censure, suspension or deprivation from time to time pronounced in accordance with these constitutions and the Laws Ecclesiastical, and will on demand give up possession j of all the real and personal estates and effects, con veyed, assured, given, or dedicated, for the benefit of | this Diocesan Church, or any part thereof, or of any and every parish, parish church, district church and chapel respectively, which he may at any time hold, if and when sentenced according to these constitutions or the Laws Ecclesiastical to deprivation or suspension, and will in all other respects conform to and abide by these constitutions. Section 31. The declaration shall be made in a book to be kept with the records of the diocese, and the de clarant shall subscribe in the presence of the Bishop and of such person or persons, if any, as the Bishop thinks fit, and may be attested by him or them. Section 32. Every licence by the Bishop of a person to be the minister of a parish, or of any district church, or of any chapel, or otherwise to officiate in this diocese, shall state the fact of his having sub scribed the declaration, and the names of the person or | persons, if any, in whose presence he subscribed it. Section 33. Every such Licence shall be under the hand and episcopal seal of the Bishop, and shall be deposited with the records of the diocese, and a copy thereof under the hand and episcopal seal of the Bishop shall be delivered to the minister licensed, and another | copy to the church wardens. Section 34. Every suspension or revocation by the Bishop of any such licence shall be under his hand and episcopal seal, and shall be deposited with the records of the diocese, and a copy thereof under the hand and episcopal seal of the Bishop shall be delivered to the minister whose licence is suspended or revoked, or left for him at the parsonage or church or chapel to>Which he was licensed. Section 35. A certificate under the hand and episco pal seal of the Bishop, of the fact of a person having been licensed by the Bishop to be the minister of a parish or of any district church, or of any chapel, or otherwise to officiate in this diocese, shall for all pur poses of these constitutions be sufficient evidence of the person therein named having, before being so licensed, duly subscribed the prescribed declaration, and having been duly licensed as stated in the certifi cate. Section 36 A certificate under the hand and episco pal seal of the Bishop, of the fact of a licence by the Bishop to any person to be the minister of a parish, or of any district church, or of any Chapel, or otherwise to officiate in this diocese, having been suspended or revoked, shall for all purposes of these constitutions be sufficient evidence of the licenee having been duly suspended or revoked, as stated in the certificate. iVPter IV.—Registered Lay Members of Con gregations. lection 37. Every man and Woman apparently mty-one years old or upwards, not being under any i Lesiastical censure, and, except so far as the Diocesan lod from time to time otherwise determine, con futing to the seat rents of a congregation, or not less n twelve shillings a-year to the Pastoral Aid Fund his Diocesan Church, and joining from time to time h such congregation in its public worship of nighty God, shall be entitled to be registered aa a member, and be qualified to vote in the election of representitives. lection 38. A person entitled to be registered as a member, shall, for the purposes of these constitu is, be deemed to be a registered lay member, lough he be not actually registered. {To be continued.) Sporting.—It is expected that a pigeon match of rather an interesting nature will come off to morrow afternoon, at the Cremorne Hotel, Unley, which will be open to anyone who wishes to join in the after noon's sport. The arrangements, it is believed, are to be left entirely to Mr Bentley, who purposes having a sweepstakes for the birds, and the person killing the greatest number is to be presented with a handsome silver cup, but at whose expense we have yet to learn, i 