INSTALLATION OF THE BISHOP OF SYDNEY YESTERDAY, being the day appointed for the installa j tion of the newly arrived Bishop of Sydney, and it having been notified in, the public papers that his lordship would preach on the occasion, considerable interest was excited among the members of the ' Church of England. The cathedral church of St. Andrew's was ap- pointed as the place where the ceremonial should take place, and it was densely crowded in every part. The ailes were filled with people standing, and among the congregation we noticed not only members, but ministers of the various Protestant denominations of Christians. Nearly all the clergy of the Church of England in and about Sydney were present. His Excellency the Governor was not present. The stalls of the Cathedral church were occupied by tho Bishop, the Venerable Archdeacon, and ths Rev. Canons Allwood and Walsh. The usual morning service for the day waa rend by tho Rev. George King, tho Psalms for the day being the 144th, Hath, and MGth. The First Lesson was the 3rd chapter of the Book of Esther ; the Second, the 1st chapter of the Gospel according to St. Mark. The Collect for Tuesday in Whitsun week was read, but the Epistle and Gospel of that Sunday were adopted at the Communion Table. After the Morning Prayers had been concluded, Mr. James Norton, registrar, read the letters patent of the Queen, and. of the Archbishop of Canterbury, ap- pointing Frederick Barker, Doctor of Divinity, Bishop of Sydney, and Metropolitan Bishop of Australia. The letters patent were then presented to his Lord- ship by the Archdeacon of Cumberland, the Venerable Dr. Cowper in the following terms :- . Ix THE NAMK <'H GOU-AMEN. In virtue of tho lenora intent of Her Most Gracious Majesty Victoria, by tho Grane of God uf tho Uniicd Kingdom of tirent Brltalu and Ireland, Queen, defender of the faith, now spwlallj reoiti tl, and in conformity with tho approved usage of thc Unheil Church of England und Ireland, I, William Cowper, Doctor ir Divinity, Archdeacon of the counties of Cumberland and Cam- den, and Special Commissary of tho Dloctso of Sydney, riuiinp the vacancy of the See, do heri'iy induct thee, Frederic Barkcri Doctor in Divinity, into tho occupation of the said See or Diocese of Sydney; and do iuutal ikea in corporal, lawful, and e monies! pofs.fsiun al tho same hy the stylo and title of " thc Lord lhshot of Sydney and MeTopnîiiaii Bishop of Australia," this thirty-firs1 day of May, in thc year of our Lord one thousand eight bundret and fifty-five. The Bishop then proceeded to the Communion- table, and, assiste;! by the Hew George King, per- formed that interesting part of the service. Hil reading ot' tho Commandments and the Gospel wai particularly impressive. The first hymn for the Hob Communion having been sung, the Bishop then as- cended the pulpit, and preached a sermon, of wliicl the following is a report ¡ "And Ho gave some, apostles; «nd some, prophets ; and s imo evangelists ; ami some, pai-tors and teachers ; for ilie perfoct ingof the S lints, for tho work of tho ministry, for thu edify ing of tho body of Christ."-Ephesian J, iv., ll, 12. The invisible things of G jd are of infinitely grcate moment than the things which appear in connectioi with the persons and circumstances around us, al though they often appear to us of such surpassing im portance as to become the chief aim of our being They are but links of the great chain of Providence extending from the beginning to the end c time. God, says thc apostle, upholdet ni things by the word of Hi power ; by him all things were made. It is alway profitable for a Christian to lift up his eyes above th present world to that seat of glory and blessedncs where his Lord and Master is enthroned, and to dive upon the love which the risen and ascended Savieu exercised on behalf of his church. Such, my brethrei is the direction which, under th? divinu bles-ing an< with the assistance of the holy Spirit of God, I woul this day desire to lead your minda-that wo may I raised ubove the circumstances in which we are place and perfectly regard Him, who being exalted on high is not unmindful of those on earth, bi who is using his intercessory pow< in Heaven, and his ministerial oifi.ee: for the promotion of his own glory, and the salvatio of the sons of men. He ascended into Heaven, li captivity captive, took his seat at the right hand i God, and " received gifts for men, yea, even for tl rebellious also, that the Lord God might dwell amor them." In reading the blessed gospel of our Divit Master, one of the prominent features which presen itself is the communion he held with his disciples sorrowing in the prospect of his departure. He pri mised he would not leave them comfortless. He wou! come and dwell with them. They should possess or other comforter. The Holy Ghost proceeding fro the Father and the Son should nbii with them for over, and guide them into all truth it should so nugnify thc cause of the Savio! und work upon the heart of his Apostles in such manner aa to make them powerfully instrumental bringing men to a knowledge of God, and obedience. The promise was fulfilled ; tho He Ghost descended, and the Apostles set forth th Being whGse works they both saw and heard. Th it was that thc Lord God did dwell among men-ir higher sense than when tho temple of Solomon vt filled with His glory-for tho Church of Christ I came the habitation of God through his spirit. Let us consider these gifts of which the Apostle speaks, and also the purposes for which they were given. The gif s were divers officers and ministers. "He gave some, apostles ; and Eome, prophets." All are not Apostles-all are not prophets. The Holy Ghort ministered to every man according to his wants. Tho Apostles were chosen by Christ himself and were to be the witnesses of his life, and his mighty works. Their office was peculiar, and could not strictly speak- ing be successive. In respect to certain powers and qualifications which the apostles possessed, they could have no successors. The prophet of the Old Testament was an inspired teacher, who might foretell future events or instruct the people in the duties which belonged to their present life. So in the New Testament tho prophet might meet in the small cir- cles, or in the ordinary assemblies ol' Christians' and prophecy, that is Preach, or instruct the people in the word of God. Philip, with whom the Apostle Paul once tarried, had four daughters, which did prophecy. The Evangelist was a preacher of glad tidings in divers places. He was one who held forth that word of light and life, before which darkness, sin, and misery fade away. Philip was an evangelist. He preached Christ in the city of Samaria, and there was great joy in that city because of the glad tidings of this evan- gelist. He was equally an evangelist when he preached the gospel in the desert to a single individual-when he taught that the prophesies of Isaiuh were fulfilled in Christ, or as he preached our Saviour to the eunuch, and sent him on his way rejoicing. The Pastor is a Bhepherdof a portion of Christ's sheep. Hois one whose authority is confined to a single flock-whose work is limited to one fold. Such were the Elders to whom the Apostle Paul spoke in the 28th verse of the 20th chapter of the Acts of tho Apostles :-" Take heed therefore unto yourselves, and to all the flock over tho which the Holy G ho3t hath made you overseers, to feed the Church of God which He hath purchased with His own blood." Such also were the Eh'ers to whom the Apostle Peter alluded in tho first live verseB of the 5th chapter of his First Epistle, when he says : -'. The elders which are among you I ex- hort, who am also an elder, and a witness of the suffer- ings of Christ, and also a partaker of the glory that shall be revealed. Feed the flock of Christ which is among you, taking the oversight thereof, not by con- straint, but willingly ; not for filthy lucre, but of a ready mind ; neither as being lords over God's heritage, but being ensamplcs to the flock ; and when the Chief Shepherd sholl appear, ye shall receive a crown of glory that fudeth not away. Liice wise ye younger submit yourselves to the elder ¡ yea, all of you be bubject one to another, and be clothed with humility,for God resisteth tho proud, and giveth grace to the humble." The difference between a pastor and a teacher it is not difficult to conceive, but yon will observe that the pastor and teacher in tho apostles' enumeration are classed together ; " he gavo some, apostles, and some, prophets, and some, evange- lists, und some, pasiors and teachers." To the pastor belongs the overseeing of the Hock,-ho hus a charge to feed them, - that ie, to mle tho flock of Gjd-to feed them with food convenient for them. Tho Teacher is a catechist -r one who instructs (without having authority to rule), and he should commonly ho unitud in his work with the pastor. Thus the pastor may be a presbyter-a teacher, one whom the Apostle Paul describes as hold- ing a spiritual office, for tho proper discharge of tho duties of which he shall be rewarded with a crown of glory which fadeth not away. These then aro the gifts bestowed by Christ, because they were essential to the well- being and existence of Ilia Church. If physical sufferings and tho seciul relations of mankind demand such attention as can only be given by men who rnuke these'subjects the special study of their lives, the wants of the immortal soul - have surely a stronger claim to be administered to by a special order, or special orders, of men, set apart for this peculiar purpose. ? If even Christ had not pro- mised these gifts, necessity itself would have demanded that they should bc provided. But it ru ay bo asked Where are these officers now ? Are these gifts perpe- tuated to the .Church, of Christ? ,To this .it may bo answered,' that if you take away whatever was pecu- liar to the Apostles in point of miraculous power, tba remaining officers ara in existence still. There arc ¡no Apjstles .who. have snen.JCSJIS tPhrist. There arc .no Apostles who possess the power of working miracles ; but there are ruling elders. There ore no prophets who foretel future events ; the prophet, stripped of this miraculous gift merges into the evangelist, pastor, or teacher. The pastor and the teacher remain. The Evangelist is easily recognised in the missionary who is sent forth to carry the glad tidings of the gospel to the uttermost parts of the earth. . The ruling elder then is thus the overseer, episcopos, or bishop, who exercises such functions as the Apostle, deprived of his miracu- lous gifts, possessed. He is one such as'timothy in the Church at Ephesus ; he ordains other elders and takes cognizance of all, It is entrusted to him to re- prove, to rebuke, to exhort to long suffering. The Presbyter, or as he is termed by us, the priest, may be either evangelist or pastor. The Deacon is not a dis- penser of alms, hut he is a spiritual priest, one whose cilice is to teach the Church of CliriBt. The Church of England, therefore, in thc preface to her ordination service contained in the Book of Common Prayer, affirms that it is " evident tinto all men diligently reading the Holy Scriptures and ancient authors, that from the Apostles' time there have been three orders of ministers in Christ's Church-bishops, priests, and dea- cons." And this form of government she regards as the perfection of arrangement. But the Church neither affirms this upon this upoh the sole authority of the word of God, asserts it as an article of fuith necessary to bo believed by all men, and as necessary to salva- tion, or passes an adverse sentence upon those churches who do not possess the privilege she enjoys, Secondly, the purpose for which these gifts were bestowed, presents itself for consideration : they were given " for the perfecting of thc saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ." " Por the perfecting of the saints ;"-Those spread over an evil world sanctified by tho spirit of God. Many who call themselves saints'are not such- as all who were children of Israel were not children of God. In our own - the visible church - there are some who call themselves members who do not belong to the spiritual church. The mem- bers of the spiritual church uf God are the only s.iints in the true sense of the word-quickened and renewed by the grace of God. But then it must he inferred that even their knowledge not perfect, and their sanctification which is progressive, is in this life necessarily imperfect. They " see through a glass darkly"-they " know only in part," but the exhortation to be addressed to them is, that they should leave the first prineip'es-the clements, of the doctrine of Christ behind them, and go on unto perfection. What that perfection is the apostle tells us, they shall see "face to face," and "know as they arc known." Ho exhibits Jesus Christ to the Htbrews as the mediutor between God and man, superior to angels, typified by Melchisedec in his priestly.office. The perfection of our knowledge is to know Jesus Christ-" the Way, tho Truth, and the Light." To know him is already eternal life. " This is eternal life ; to know the only true God and Jesus Christ whom He has sent." This, then, is one great end of the ministry -one particular purpose for which the gifts of tho Holy Ghost were sent down from Heaven. The Word of tho Spirit was to lead men to the knowledge of Christ, to convince of sin, of righteousness, and of judgment. The work of thc ministry was the second purpose for ulrich the gifts mentioned in thc text were sent. The ministry-thc service of God and the service of man for God's sake-is a work which hath for its object the salvation of every soul. The sinner is not yet saved, and must bo brought to a knowledge of his guilt, in order that, being convinced, ho may be converted. The pastor, in the exercise of his miuistry must urge the claims of the Gospel upon every member of his flock. His ministry he must regard as a work-a work or faith; he must regard it as a labour-it is a labour of love. To such a heavenly calling who would not give himself wholly a living sacrifice. The shepherd, the fisherman, the husbandman, the builder, individually live by their various occupations. The minister of Christ should live for his occupation-in his occupation. Ho is a shepherd : his work is to protect and feed his flock. He is a fisherman, casting thc net of the Gospel-" a fisher of «men." Is he a husbandman ? he must wait until tho good seed lie has sown with care springs up, and bears fruit. Ho must wisely belove the Church of God. This is hts toil. The soul-the ob- ject of the care of ministers - is infinitely superior to all earthly things. A wrestler-a competitor in a race- so strives, so ruus that he may obtain the mas- tery and win the prize, He runs and strives as one who has the goal and victory in view. A minister is more than this, inasmuch as the prize for which he contends is not an earthly, but a heavenly crown. My beloved brethren in the ministry, let none of us think of the ministry otherwise than our blessed Master thought of it, and kt ep before us those words to which he gave utterance, which ought to urge on to increased diligence: "I must be about my Father's business." When wearied, and his disciples requested him to take of the provisions they had at their command, he slid, " I have meat to oat that ye know not of." " My meat is to do the will of him that sent me, and to finish his work." Let us not cease from this work this labour of love-till toil gives placo to rest. Our glory and our reward will be in proportion to our labours. Lastly. These gifts were bestowed " for tho edifying of the body of Christ." The "budy of Christ" is his Church," of the members of which he is thc head. It is to be built up in ita most holy fuith. Each stone is to be prepared for its ? place, and each stone is to be fitted into that part of thc building for which it has been prepared. A minister then should be a wise builder. He should not reject any stone, but he should find for each its suitable position in the Church of Christ ; tho raising up of which should be his great object. He will therefore build on tho deep and firm foundation. " Other ioundation can no man lay than that which is laid" by a wise master builder. Every stone must be built into Christ-the founda- tion, the head corner-stone. The church, therefore, is edified when Christ is glorified. Each member ol the church must be Christ's by a living, not by a dead faith ; and he must grow up into Christ in all things, He has the words of eternnl life. He U thc rock on whom all must rest their cross in order to obtain salvation. To him all must look for daily guidance and for hourly instruction. All must lean upon him, and learn from his blessed example. How blest to serve God in connection with his church ! Tho har- mony of its members and their unity with Christ is a union against which no power can avail. The visible church may shake-a visible church may be removed, as were thc seven churches of Asia Minor, but that mystical body which is .rooted and founded in Christ shall never be moved. "Tho gates of hell shall not prevail against it"-or against ita weakest member. Each member of that body has an assurance of eternal life by Christ himself j that life eternal which has been provided by tho love of God, purchased by the Lord Jesus. Such, my beloved brethren, is the purpose for which Christ ministered on earth. It might perhaps he expected that I should take this opportunity of dwelling" upon thc relations of that . Church over which God has been pleased to appoint' ra1?, but I shall content myself with this single application of my subject, contained in the verse which follows my text. The gifts to which I have alluded were given that they wight be exer- cised " till we all come in tho,unity of the faith, and of the knowledge of the son of God, unto a perfect man, Unto tho measure of the stature of thc fulness of Christ." My brethren the clergy, will cheerfully dis- charge the duties falling to their lot, and they will, no doubt, earnestly and strenuously strive with me in the endeavour to advance the cause of Christ's Church, and perform the work given ino to do. Tho faithful pastor can have no greater jt.y than to see wandering sheep brought home, and' to lead them to the pastures sf scriptural truth-his daily endeavour. It will ever be a source of joy to mo, my brethren, to behold thc blessing ol' Go-l resting upon your labours, tho steadfastness of your faith increasing, and to Bhare in your trials and your hopes, while it will be yours to assist me in every endeavour to carry on thc work of God. Suffer, then, tliiR single word of exhortation-our strength is in our unity. There can be no unity where each one is not prepared to live in God, in the exercise of longouffurin;,', and to die in tho faith. There cannot be unity unless there is a willing- ness and a desire to give up individual purpose for the sake of unity of action, and thc general success of tho cause of thc Church of Christ. This is com- monly our great difficulty. It is one which is not peculiar to any place. It must exist in every com- munity were independence of judgment is allowed and is exercised. Let not, however, my brethren, that which is our privilege become detrimental and mis- chievous to our cause. Let us endeavour to seek God's will and not our own. May God^ give us al. increasing love towards his blessed Son, and may w all' feel increasingly anxious for the salvation of thos committed to our care-more anxiety for the souls o those of the flock scattered abroad in this evil world . But they cannot be gathered in without your help, my brethren-the laity. May God give us all more of tho fruit of the spirit, of long-suffering, gentleness, meek- ness, patience, and may He vouchsafe unto us moro abundantly his Holy Spirit, and. enable us to Ijye in ;lov.c .and in charity with .all men. 