DIOCESE OF TASMANIA. The îSisfooîJ's »B&ftatum;» YESTEnrMT, in accordance with the Lord Bishop of Tasmania's intimation to the Ven. Archdeacon, and the Archdeacon's notice to the clergy, his lordship held a Visitation of the clergy of the archdeaconry of Hobart Town. The charge was delivered after prayers, at eleven, but according to arrangement the Bish 'p and clergy, with those of the laity who were present, celebrated the Lord's supper, after a sermon at nine o'clock in the morning, by the Ven. Archdeacon Davies. THE SERMON. The Archdeacon selected for his text, John, chapter x., verse 2 and took occasion to contrast the pastoral character of the Church of England with that of the congregational and other systems, and he availed himself of the opportunity of expressing thanks to his reverend brethren for their attention to his late circular respecting the extension of the pastoral system, especially with reference to increased attention to newly arrived immigrants As to the congregational system, which contemplated ministerial care over a con gradation of persons choosing their minister and pay ing him although he did not say such minister would not be glad to visit those who did not be- long to his congregation, yet inasmuch as his principal attention was confined to the congrega-, tion, if the gospel was life to be extended on this system there would be found to be assemblies of ' godly persons, but those who were in distant localities would be destitute of the two is of life, and those who were poor and unable to pay for a minister would be for the nr st part left in an uncertain provision. How often landslips dipped in maxim, let each man find religion as he did his daily bread; but, if that were to prevail, Ion? must the world have waited without salvation : the fact was the ordinary maxims of worldly prudence were not applicable to purposes of religion. If they suffered religion to be left in the hands of those who could only support themselves the mass of the community would be left in a state of spiritual destitution. In the United States there were many ministers of the word about him in the towns and populated districts, but if they went into the remote provinces they would find many to tell them they were christians, for the truth was they had no pastors, but were as sheep without a shepherd, no man eating for their souls. In illustration of the usefulness of the pastoral office, he mentioned their efforts in behalf of wanderers from the paths of virtue and piety, who were met with by the clergyman in the house of sickness or the abodes of poverty and at a fitting time admonished of the evil of their ways, and often restored to the Shepherd and Bishop of their souls. The pastor sought for such and found them, paying the (perhaps) unexpected but not un- welcome visit. It had been made a reproach to iheChuichof England that it numbered so many ino insistent or ungodly members of the 45,000 inhabitants of this colony who professed to be its members, the taunt had been thrown out that the greater part of them we e persons of no religion at all. And this was to a certain extent true, for as no one else claimed such they were ours. The pastor claimed them, and through his instrumentality let them hope many of these godless, irreligious ones would be brought back to the fold The Archdeacon would exhort his reverend brethren to attend to the work of pastoral visitation ; he considered the weekly visitation of his flock of greater importance than his Sunday ministrations. The motive that should influence the pastor in this work, were those of love, and-these would give life and energy' in the performance of his duty. Christ said, "Feed my sheep," but he first; elicited a confession of love to himself, A Lover thou me, then feed my sheep And they must take heed' to themselves, if they would take heed to their flock over whom the Holy Ghost had made them overseer. As regarded their own interest in Chi in, the question at last would be not what gifts and t plants they possessed, or that but liant services they had rendered, but how much did they love Christ If influenced by love, did (beauties would be overcome, and laugh work would be made smooth ; no time, no labor would be considered too great in feeding the flock of Christ They would not think so much of their Sabbath duties by would he instant in reason and our of season warning and teaching from house to house holding fast the faith in all good conscience and persevering even unto the end How awful was the responsibility of the Christian minister; how weighty his charge 1 Let them so fulfil their work, so teach and feed the Church of God that at last they might appear in glory, the shepherd at the head of his flock, each in that day being able to say " Lord here am I, and those who were committed to me." Then thrill the shepherd and the sheep be received into the heavenly fold. God Rta t that they might all he found among the faithful sheep, and hear the Great Shepherd say " Well done thou good and faithful servant, enter into the joy thy Lord." 