FREE CHURCH OF SCOTLAND. i. MEETING was held last evening at the newly-erected burch in .Macquarie- street, in order to enable the ninisters of other denominations to express'their sen iments on such an occasion. The church had been mened for divine worship the previous day, and three ervices were performed on Sunday last. At seven ,' clock the chur ch, we regret to say, being only half full, the Rev. Alexander Salmon, minister of the church, ailed upon the congregation to sing the 122nd Psalm, ,nd then engaged in prayer. . . The CHAIRMAN then said, in introducing the ousi Les3 to the meeting, that it was not his desire to make jiy long and tedious speech. They had assembled on i very important occasion, but, as he believed a num ier of ministers of other denominations would ddressthem, he should refrain from doing more than ongratulating them upon their new place ,f worship. He might remark, how^ ver, that such an event was one which ¡hould lead them naturally to reflect upon the transi ^»ory state in which they were placed. It was an op- portunity afforded them to look back to the past, to ook at the present, and forward to the future. They mist look at the hill before them, as one that rose over ;he path which they had to travel, and which, having ince passed, they could look back to as a guide to .efuge. They had reason to set up this their stone of membrance, for he believe! that their occupation of iis church was but the index of their introduclion to. larger and more extended sphere. He hoped to see, om thr advantages which this church would _ afford BWiem, Í -tfore earnest zeal-a more intense desire-to fjpr»mote ma cause of Christ, not only in this land of ffheir adoption, but for the promotion of Christianity i»ll over the world. |5 The Rev. Dr. CAIRNS, who, on riBing, was warmly ¡fSheered by the assembly, said, the resolution put into Shis hands was in the following terms :-" That the »Synod's scheme for procuring ministers from Scotland Jil highly important m its character, and beneficial in %ts results, and deserving of the zealous support of this .loongregation." He was one of those who, on various '¡¿accounts, was disposed to entertain sanguine views in J reference to the future of Australia, and under that ^name he comprehended all the various provinces into fiWhich it was divided. They would grow up, he ^trusted, neighbouring, but independent states, equally Iftee from foreign domination and from the miseries of linter-colonial Btrife,-inspiring each other, not with . /jSalovolent passions of hatred and dislike, but with a ^Wholesome spirit of emulation, pursuing a brotherly jHourse in the contest for superiority in social progress * (Cheers.) In making reference to these colonies, truly ¿wonderful in many respects-incipient empireB, he did , tï'ust, destined to be the centre not only of civilization, but of Christian influence and power in this southern hemisphere-he might with all justice apply the wcll ' known words of the poet, "Nature hath done her part, do you but yours." (Cheers) While far and wide the hand of God seemed to have scattered his bounties in richest profusion, the claims of Australia, he thought, combined all that was excellent. Ours ..juris one of the best climes of which we read, attended '¡.with very few of their evils or disadvantages ; our soil ¡|was of every kind and degree, it was alike inviting to ^the shepherd and to the husbandman. Our flocks and ¿herds in point of quality, he believed, were not to be t* ittrpassed, while the land was equally capableof produc- ing fruit, corn, wine, and oil, to an unlimited extent. »Then we had our minerals and our metals, from gold J[dOwn to copper ; from granite and slate up to coal, to $an amount yet to bo ascertained, for he was persuaded vpje were only beginning to discover the hidden wealth foi this new country. (Cheers ) We were engaged, 9»9 to speak, in sinking the first Bhaft ; we were just Jfojpening the first quarry ; all we had yet seen was but a ¿faint indication of our vast and unexplored resources Ç~£the shadow of that great substance which another f,'day would witness, and which our children, or our chil ïfdfen's children, would certainly enjoy (Cheers.) iyfo were, then, possessed of the physical elements cot a vast and indefinite prosperity-we had the means ??"of reaching, at a spring-at a bound-in a brief ' interval of time, to that pleasure a- ment which has hitherto been obtained only by the alow and painful processes of successive ages. (Cheers.) But then we should not forget that those ample means of material welfare might be egregiously per- verted, and not improved ; and that the fair occasion which God, in his all-wise providence had opened up to us, might be foolishly wasted, and not turned to good account. All should bear in mind that the fu- ture welfare of the country depends absolutely not on external circumstances, but on moral causes. (Cheers.) As we believed so should it be done unto us. When the people walked in the fear of the Lord, then would his blessing follow in. all their ways; if they sought Irst the kingdom of God and His righteousness, iTerything else of value, or to be desired, would, un iiestionably, be added unto them. (Cheers.) Future 'ears and future generations would see illustrated »ere whatwa8 illustrated everywhere-a maxim as old \- the Bible ; as true as the Word of God, d as indisputable as the facts of bygone istory - that it was " righteousness that ex [teth a nation," and that sin would be at once the ihame, the bate, and the ruin of the people. (Cheers.) Tiere was no alternative-there was no middle ?ay possible ; if we would not sink, we must rise ; we would not become weak, we must grow strong ; we would not fall into degeneracy and endless con sion- if we would escape being a warning to others, ^jfiid set them an example-we utiut set down under "' e shadow of that tree of life whose leaves are " for e healing of the nations." (Cheers.) While we i^iffused the principles of pure Christianity, with the ^prevalence on every side of the precious leaven of ^Christian character, there was bound up indissolubly ^¿yery reasonable hope that could be entertained of the |Juture success and enlargement of our adopted country. ^(Cheers.) Thinking of these things, we could not but |lament our weakness and confess that this was ».indeed the day of small things. This Jidemark was, however, applicable not only to the Free ^(Church, but to all denominations into which the \Church of Christ was divided. (Cheers.) He hoped jfie was entirely free from what was called the spirit of Sectarianism. (Cheers.) He did not grudge the suc- cesses of his brethren belonging to other denomina- tions : he regarded them as his own. He rejoiced in ¡their prosperity, and he trusted as sincerely and with all the fervency of spirit with which he would rejoice pn the prosperity of his own church. (Cheers.) All ^werc too weak ; and the gains of any one branch of ""he Christian Church was undoubtedly a source of ain to the whole. He said, irrespectively of Indepen ients, of Wesleyans, of the other branches of the »resbyterian body, and of the Episcopalian Church, iis earnest wish and constant prayer was that they ihould have three times the congregations andfour times Ve number of ministers they now possessed. (Cheers ) 8 for ourselves, we were too weak. He would guard is remarks by saying he spoke only of the evangelical r ections of the Christian Church. It had pleased God |in his providence to send here the Rev. Dr. Barker, ¡the present Bishop of this diocese, whose arrival he ÍDr. Cairns) for one considered a token for good. Cheers.) From the very bottom of his heart, he [wished him God speed in his labours. (Cheers.) He (Dr. Cairns) had heard there was tractarianism Mt the Episcopal Chuich of New South Wales, but he I hoped he had been misinformed. (Hear, hear.) If there J^was^ractarianism existing in that Church, he was here *t*o declare he had no sympathy with it ; he Wished it 'mot to succeed, but to be abolished. (Cheers.) He adisliked Popery with a mask on even more than he jyiisliked it without a mask-(cheers)-just as he Btore/r-«,d an open enemy to a disguised foe. (Cheers.) gpiui/ »eturning to ourselves, he was told that the rfgumber of the Presbyterians residing in the city of ^Sydney was no less than 13,000 or 14,000. Whether Hjhat number was exaggerated or not he could not tell, Kout at all events he believed the number to be very agréât-probably not less than 12,000. Allowing, how fpver,, any supposed number in the existing Presby- terian churches, it must be confessed the balance that premained was a very large and heavy one, and it was |.impossible for us to contemplate that state of things ft without regret, without sorrow, and without fear : ior iwhat was the comprehensive fact ? It was this : there pwere many thousands of our countrymen who had ifallcn from tho habits of early youth, and who were Know contentedly living in a state of practical ^heathenism-at least they had not attached themselves :^to any ministration of the Gospel, nor were they ksown to belong to any existing congregation. Our first want - our greatest want - our urgent and pre-eminent necessity was a supply of faithful ministers of the Gospel-faithful men, earnest and devoted preachers, full of the wisdom of God and the Holy Ghost- suited to this peculiar sphere of labour, and competent for the work they had to un- dertake-men able to call in, to gather in the scattered members of our Presbyterian community, to form them into a fixed and settled congregation, and io, to deal with them as to make them worthy descen- dants of a race of Christian patriots whose faith over- came the world, and whose piety was the very coun- try s greatest grace. (Cheers.) When he saw that this was the only Free Presbyterian Church-that this (Was the only Free Church and congregation in Sydney, he confessed his heart was somewhat saddened. ThU ifctete of things munt not be allowed to con ¡tinue. (Cheers.) Say there were 3000 PreB ^ytenans in Sydney holding our yiewi I and principles,-and in taking that number he was surely within the mark-then they ought to have three Free Church congregations. (Cheers.) They were not, they dare not, stand still, when the matter was one of such importance. Neutrality was not only not desirable, but it was a sin. It was self- destructive. They must increase, or they would be sure to decrease;' they must go forward, or beyond all question they would recede. Great efforts must be made, and some sacrifices must also be willingly endured, both by the Church at home and by the people here, for the pur- pose of accomplishing an object BO greatly valuable in itself-and so indispensibly necessary. (Cheers.) There could be no doubt that the mother church at home, to which we looked for all our supplies, had not, as yet, been able, he thought, to form any adequate concep- tion of the magnitude of the ministerial work in these Australian colonies. She looked at us as a speculation-as through an inverted telescope, and seeing us so far away we appeared to be comparatively little and insignificant. At any rate, some of us were sometimes, in our vexation, disposed to think she was treating us with less than a mother's kindness or a mother's duty. We had been left in the weakness of infancy to struggle with a destiny requiring the power of a giant. It was with us as with the poor forlorn English army sent in the first instance to the Crimea. Glorious things were ex- pected-miracles of valour were anticipated. The Church could no more succeed in the objects set be- fore it than could that poor divided army sent to the field of strife, unless they received large reinforce- ments. (Cheers.) But there was something to be said in excuse of the Church at home. She had been engaged in an enterprise of astonishing difficulty and greatnsss during a very brief period of time, em- bracing only ten or twelve years. The Free Church had through God's Providence been enabled to do more than had been accomplished by any church in an equal period of time since the Apostolic age. (Cheers.) He thought he was warranted in making that state- ment. Whether we looked at the fruits of the Scrip- tures at home, or the ¡¡sal for the spread of the gospel abroad, the means contributed by "the church, or the successes she had obtained, it was evident there had been nothing to equal it in the history of the Christian Church. But while all this was admitted, we felt it was necessary for the good of BOUIS that we should ob- tain a supply of ministers which at present we had no great prospect of obtaining. He would give a reason fir that supposition. At home, then, there was a body of preachers, or probationers as they were called, con- nected with the church, amounting to 300. Of that number, however, there were very few who could be selected as fit men for this field of labour, and ofthat few who might be considered eligible but a very small number would be found willing to under- take a voyage to Australia. Somehow or other-he did not pretend to be able to explain how-among our preachers at home there was a most extraordinary feeling of attachment to poor old Scotland. (Cheers.) He did not admire it altogether, for it was carried really to an excess, as far as he was able to judge. He found men-young men, and men of middle age, and aged men-quite willing to go to any pp :t of the world as soldiers or sailors, to carry into execution the will of their earthly sovereign, or willing to go to Aus- tralia or New Z ealand in pursuit of obj ect of commerce ; but when we carne to preachers of the Gospel-minis- ters of Christ-we found insurmountable objections to remove out of the fatherland. Those present might think this extravagant, but it was sober truth. The diffi- culty in inducing competent preachers to forsake Scotland, and cast their lot in with us, was exceedingly great. What was to bs done in these circumstances ? Just what was proposed in the resolution : the Synod's scheme for procuring ministers from Scotland waB highly important in its character and beneficial in its results, and deserving of the zealous support of the congregation. He would conclude by commending the subject to their earneit prayers. If they desired able ministers of the New Testament should be Eent to this part of the world, they must seek it not so much at the hands of men as at the throne of God. They might rest assured that no success would crown their endeavours if they did not a=k a blessing upon them from Him who alone could bestow it. He remembered an anecdote which deeply impressed his mind at the time he read it, which he would re- late in illustration. At the time the disruption took place very painful events occurred. In one of the dis- tricts of Scotland-Strathbogie, seven ministers, and at other places a great majority of the Presbyterian ministers, were suspended by the sentence of the General Assembly, because of their contumacy to ec- clesiastical orders. They were forbidden to preach or administer any of tke offices of religion. In conse- quence of this other ministers were Bent by the General Assembly to occupy their parishes, to preach statedly on the Lord's Day, and administer the ordinances of religion to the people. A friend of his happened to bs one of that chosen ' company-a com- pany ' chosen for ita piety and for the talent of its members, and the effect produced by their labours in a few months was indeed extraordi- nary. Hi« friend told him on Monday mornings he was beset by the people of the neighbourhood, coming for the purpose of asking advice, and requesting know- ledge with which it was important the Church should be acquainted. One day, an old woman pressed her- self into the room of his friend. When he enquired her business, she said, " Oh, I don't wish to trouble you, but I think it right you ministers of Christ here should get every encouragement ; and I wish to men- tion a circumstance to encourage the brethren and friends : this district has for a long time been withered by the blight of dead- ening * moderation ¡' the family worship was unknown, and the people were living without God. Several of my aged friends met me once a fortnight in my cottage, unknown to others, for the purpose of asking God to send a remedy. There we prayed that it would please God to send the power of the Gospel for the salvation of souls to our neighbourhood, and now I and my friends are persuaded this change is in answer to those prayers. Instead of one minister coming, we have now a great body ¡ and instead of the Gospel being preached in one solitary place, the land ÍB filled with the light of heaven." (Cheers.) He now proposed the resolution. The Rev. JOHN WEST seconded the motion, in a speech of considerable length. He commenced by stating that the previous speaker had not thoroughly enlightened him as to the precise object of the resolu- tion. He understood, however, tuat a scheme had been initiated by the Synod for procuring ministers from the mother country; and if they were to take the worthy pastor who now presided as a specimen, he should have no difficulty in wishing them every success, (Cheers.) If the scheme proposed should only prove as success- ful as the one already tried by his brethren of the Free Church of Scotland, he should have no cause for apprehension ; whilst, on the other hand, there was every reason to hope that the scattered sheep of the mountains of Scotland would yet be cloBely and effec- tually gathered together on the plains of Aus- tralia. (Cheers.) He expressed his belief that the disruption in the Church of Scotland had been productive of much good, inasmuch as it had been the means of infusing fresh vitality into the general movements of the Scottsh Church. He was glad to find that effectual means had been organised in Scot- land for sending young men to labour among the heathen ; but, at the Bame time, he hoped that in the forwarding of ministers to this colony due care would be taken to select persons of ripened experience, learning, and piety. He congratulated the congrega- tion whom he saw before him, on the excellence and beauty of the building in which they were now assembled-a building certainly as attractive as any in Sydney. (Hear, hear ) It waa true the edifice was erected of iron, but it must be borne in mind that it cost a considerable sum in gold, and he had no doubt that if they adhered to their Free Church principles, notwithstanding their proximity to the bad house close by, they would soon be in a position to erect a magnificent structure of stone. (Cheers.) He was not a Scotchman himself, but he had%a great veneration for Scotland, especially when he considered what a noble part that country took in the struggle for religiouB freedom. (applause.) He rejoiced to find all denominations of evangelical Christians banded to- gether in the cause of Christ. He took it as a sign of that general communion and cordial co- operation which were to unite the sympathies of all men, and form that ora of universal happiness which the prophets and other inspiied writere predicted would yet dawn upon the world. He supposed that the sending of missionaries to the heathen,_ and the providing of ministers for this colony implied the raising and expenditure of money. If this was the correct view, he desired to impress upon those present that the penny Bystetn of the mother country would not do in this colony. Coa Bidering how the old country was burdened with tax- ation, it was quite sufficient for her to furnish the men on condition that the people of this colony were disposed to supply the means. (Cheers.) Whatever was to bo done in providing for the ministration of the Gospel in this country, they should learn to depend upon their own resources in carrying out the object. The CHAIUMAN be'ore putting the resolution to the meeting, took occasion to express his entire concur- rence in the remarks which had fallen from the last «peaker with regard to the necessity of providing the i funds themselves, and depending upon the mother country for the men. The penny system would not answer for the purposes of this country. The motion was then put an'd passed. The Rev. JOSEPH BEAZLEY moved the next resolu- tion, as follows : -"'That the introduction of the Gospel into heathen lands is a very special duty of the Church I of Christ, and that the Auxiliary to the London Mis- sionary Society, employing as it does Presbyterian Ministers, has a decided claim on the sym- pathy and support of this congregation." The rev. gentleman commenced his remarks by con- gratulating the assembly on the handsome building in which they were assembled. As the structure was an iron one some doubt had been expressed as to its solidity. All that he could say was that he had the pleasure of worshping in it on the previous day, and it appeared to him that the building was then pretty well tried. The large congregation who occupied the gallery sufficiently tried that portion of the building, and the rev. gentlemen who preached on the occasion (Mr. Cairns) sufficiently tried the pulpit (Hear, hear, and laughter.) It gave him pleasure to hear that although there was a debt on the building, the members of the Free Church were turning their attention to missionary operations. (Cheers.) He waa delighted with the straightforward, upright, manly aspect which the Free Church assumed in this matter, and he hoped they would continue their exertions with increased energy and zeal. The sending of missionaries to the South Sea Islands would be one of the greatest achieve- ments of the Free Church, whilst it would contribute to a very large extent in disseminating the pure and simple doctrines of Christianity. The London Mis- sionary Society, with its Auxiliary, had already done much in this respect, and it now remained for the Presbyterian section of the Christian Church to contri- bute their quota to this great and glorious object. He had often asked himself why the Presbyterians had not taken the matter up, and he remembered a short time ago mentioning the fact to his friend Mr. Salmon, whose name he was glad to say now appeared on the list of the Auxiliary Society. (Cheers.) The rev. gen- tleman then referred te the purposes of the missionary operations in the islands, where in many instances the missionaries consisted of Congregationalists, with a small minority of Presbyterians. He showed that although differing in opinion on matters of Church government these missionaries worked very harmo- niously together, and that by the exercise of a tho- roughly Christian spirit they pre vented in the purity and simplicity of their teachings the growth of anything like mere denominational prejudices. In proof of this he instanced the progress of Christianity in seve- ral of the islands, where nearly the whole popula- tion had been converted, and where churches and schools had been erected sufficient to meet all the requirements of the growing wants of the people. What it was desirable should be done was, that they should add two Presbyterian missionaries to the two the CongregationalistB had sent. How they were to manage that, as they experienced some little difficulty in obtaining ministers, he could not tell ; but where there was a will there was a way, and in this instance he had no doubt they would have very little difficulty in finding that way. They might defend upon it that if there was a willingness to furnish the means, and zeal to carry out the word of God, He would send the men. If the missionaries could not come from ¡scotland ; if they were for the work on the glorious principles of the New Testament, God would give them men. He would now say a word or two on the' general merits. The resolution characterized the introduction of the gospel into heathen lands, as a special duty. He held it the duty of every individual to impart any knowledge he possessed which might be beneficial to his fellows. Suppose God gave to any individual a measure of light which mankind in general was not in possession of, it was his duty - it was an obligation; incumbent on him - to impart it to others. Was it at his option only that Lord Bacon spread the knowledge he possessed ? No ; for when God made that light to shino in such a mind IIB his, he felt a latent command to spread that light. The moment a man began to coop up in his own mind that light which God had given him, it began to grow dull, and the man became a fool, because he did not carry out that mission for which God had fitted him. Nothing could be Baid of the Bible which could be termed exaggerated praise. Could he stand up for a moment and tell them that God had laid that great and glorious boon at his feet that he might appropriate it to himself and refuse to extend it in other countries ? He did it at the peril of his soul if he kept back that light from others : it was his duty to spread the Gospel in every land. But again, passing from that view, let them look in the Bible, the foundation of Christianity, and it was directly commanded that they should spread its truths-" Let your light so shine before men that thoy may see your good works and glorify your Father which is in heaven ;" " As every man has received a gift, let him impart it to another." Indeed, they could hardly find a page in Scripture which did not remind them of this great duty. The will of God was evident enough with regard to the work which the Church should do. Every Christian who felt the mat- ter as it was presented in that light, who felt it was the will of their Saviour that they should spread the Gospel, would not hesitate to adopt that part of the resolution which characterised the spreading of scriptural knowledge in heathen lands as their special duty. He would once more state that he, as one in- dividual, felt great interest in the enterprise of evan- gelizing the South Sea Islanders : he truly felt this a work of God. If they looked to the north, however, they would find thousands of inhabitants who knew nothing of Christ, and who consequently stood in need of enlightenment in the Word of God. God had as it were placed those lands at their door, and it was for them to impart that knowledge they possessed, and God would bless them. It would be the subject of no unpleasant reflection on their death-beds to know that they had contributed something towards the evan- gelizing some thousands of heathens. The work was a great and a glorious one, and it was a duty incumbent on one and all of them to aid in the accomplishment of that work. The Rev. JAMES VOLLER said, as the chairman had restricted them as to the time at which it was de- sirable the meeting should close, he would not detain them with any lengthy remarks. He thought it ad- visable the meeting should terminate by nine o'clock ; but, as there was yet another resolution to propose, he feared, on this occasion, they would exceed that hour. He must, however, say one or two words. Had it been left to him, the resolution he was about to second waB not the one he would have chosen. When he received the resolution, it struck him that this was to be somewhat in the nature of a missionary meeting rather than a meeting for the dedication of that very beau- tiful house of God in which they were now met ; but on further looking into the matter he discovered a perfect harmony of design, as the immediate object of missionaries and of that church alike were the wor- ship of God ; and he knew no better way in which they could dedicate that church than by associating it from ; the very beginning with Christian missions. It was God's work ; and there were numerous proofs of the missionaries' work receiving the blessing of Him whom they ought to serve, and those who had devoted themselves with tke greatest zeal to that work had been the most successful in christianising congre- gations ; and this observtion was no less applicable to individuals. He could fancy he heard some of those present say, when this matter was brought before them, they "were thankful for being reminded of this duty, but they had already contributed towards such objects, and were still engaged and anxious to con- tinue in spreading the gospel of their-Father who was in heaven ; and he hoped that that congregation would continue from time to time to lend its earnest support to those objects. His worthy brother who moved the resolution, had (probably from feelings of delicacy) not alluded to the latter portion of the re- solution with regard to the claim of the auxiliary to the London Missionary Society. No doubt the Lon- don sooiety would be happy to find them exhibit- ing- a lively Bense of their obligations and would be most particularly happy to find them contributing something towards these funds. It was true, as the resolution stated, they were under a double obligation to the society, the one on account of the society giving employment to Presbyterian ministers, and the other on account of the intrinsic worth of that glorious and successful institution. He was about to call it the first institution of the kind, but they must allow him to put the Baptist Missionary Society firBt, and he must call that A 1, and the other he sup- posed would rank A 2. As they were under a double obligation, of course the society had a double claim, and how waB this to be liquidated ? Why Bimply by instead of giving the solitary £1 they must give £2, and instead ot £10, £20, and so on. Before concluding, he must express the high gratifici tisn the appearance of their new church afforded him. There was one striking peculiarity, however, he would notice. It looked much better inside than out, as, from the view of the exterior, it appeared to him to be ten or twenty faet too short ; but the interior appear- ance was all that could be wished. He trusted that their numbers would from time to time increase, and that the Holy Spirit, on whose divine .influence a 1 thing« must depend, would bless' the message and make the light lo shine on them, and that it might thus be made the house of God and the gate to | heaven. « The Rev. W. SLATYER. rose to move the third reso- lution, which was as follows :-" That the agency which Sabbath School instruction brings into opera lion is directly beneficial to the Church, and the blessed results that have flowed from it encourage the Church to prosecute that work with increasing zeal and exertion." He said he would not _ suffer that opportunity to pass without joining with his brethren that preceded him in giving some expression to his'feelings of pleasure at meeting their respected chairman in the splendid building that was to be in so large a measure the scene of his future labours. He trusted that the bless- ings of God would descend upon his labours, and make the place of his feet glorious, and his church the healing place of men's immortal souls that may hereafter come to worship within its walls. The remarks which he had intended to make he would not then, on account of the lateness of the hour, trouble the meeting with, but simply recommended the adop- tion of the resolution. The Rev. W. LUMSDAINB rose to second the resolution. He said the Church of Christ had various agencies in carrying out its operations for the good of mankind. Among those various agencies the Sabbath School occupied a prominent position. The Sabbath School might, in fact, be regarded as the pioneer of progres- sive movements made by the soldiers of the cross against the strongholds of sin and Satan-the initia- tory step towards the prosecution of that great success in extending throughout the world the interests of the Prince of Peace. It was directly beneficial to the Church, inasmuch as it afforded a fine scope of Christian usefulness to those who had been taught of God, and made recipients of that salvation which fljwed from a knowledge of His word. Such persons would desire that others should likewise b3 brought to a knowledge of Him whose knowledge was life eternal. The Sabbath school was likewise beneficial to the Church in another point of view ; it might be regarded as the great nur- sery of the Church, the great training institution for rearing up those who should hereafter fill im- portant stations in the Church of Christ for conferring benefits upon mankind. In the Sabbath school early impressions of Christianity were received of strong and abidiug influence. They might picture to their mind a youth who regularly attended the Sabbath school, and who, from some werd perhaps, committed to memory from a passage in the Bible, explained to him and commented upon in the course of scripture reading, perhaps from a fer- vent prayer offered up by a faithful teacher, after that he has gone forth into the world exposed to multifa- rious temptations, recollecting the words of grace, and by them saved from sin, and his feet guided into the ways of holiness and peace. The religious instruc- tions received in early life were the means through the blessing of God, of fortifying the mind and strengthening the resolution, and thus enabling man more successfully to combat with the powers and principalities of darkness. It might sometimes happen that every good impression was thoroughly effaced, and every wise resolution broken, still it would be found that as the chief end of man was to glorify God, old recollections would start up and save him from becoming the slave of sin. God had said, Cast thy bread upon the waters and it will return to you after many days : in the morning sow yeur seed, and in the evening withhold not your hand. It was some- times seen that God's providence recalled to the mind of a man a pasiage of Scripture learned in his youth to touch his heart with a power to save unto salva- tion, and the prayer of the penitent would then as- cend to the throne of grace, crying " God be merciiul to me a sinner," and exclaiming " what shall I do to be saved," These were some of the blessed results of Sabbath school training, and he was sure they were quite sufficient to stimulate to renewed ex- ertion in that direction. Seeing that Christ was the divine head of the Church, and the great worker of faith, the success that had hitherto attended their efforts should stimulate them to renewed and redoubled efforts in the cause. "Excelsior" should be their motto. The Church of Christ should shake off and thoroughly expunge all feelings and hindrances that weakened it from fulfilling the great duties it was called upon to carry out-conducting men to an incor- ruptible and immortal crown of happiness. The Sabbath School gave a healthy tone to the mind, and awakened the happiest influences in the breasts of those members of the rising generation who were trained in their doctrines. It was in the Sabbath Schools that the child received that great knowledge of Christ which makes wise unto salvation, through faith in Christ Jesus. Therefore it was that he rose with sach warm feelings to second the adoption of the resolution that had just been read. The resolution was then put to the meeting, and unanimously carried. After a few closing remarks by the CHAIRMAN, the business of the meeting was concluded, as it was com- menced, with praise ands prayer, and the assembly then separated. SUICIDE.-INOUEST.-An inquest was held yester- day, before the coroner, Mr, Brenan, and a jury of twelve, at the Sportsman's Arms, Parramatta-street, touching the death of a man named William Canning Cook, aged 49 years. The following evidence was given: Julia Cook, wife of the deceased, living at Newtown, deposed-My husband has of late been addicted to intemperance; latterly he was in the em- ploy of Mr. Salamon, but has not been in any employ ment for the last five weeks. This appeared to prey very much upon his mind. On Thursday night last he turned me out of the house, and I remained in the yard the whole night; I attempted to enter once or twice, but he turned mo out. On Friday afternoon he went to town, and returned at dusk, when he cooked some ham. On this occasion, he threw a kettle of boiling water at me, and I was again compelled to leave the house. I went to a neighbour, but I was not long there when my little boy came running to me, and said that his father (the deceased) had taken something black out of a bottle. This was between eight and nine o'clock. I went home immediately, and on going in I saw him stagger from the parlour towards the bedroom, and fall on the floor. We raised him, and succeeded in putting him to bed, when he appeared to go to sleep. Between ten and eleven o'clock he seemed quite com- posed, and I, with the children, then retired to rest in another room. Some short time afterwards I went into his room, and he still appeared to sleep calmly. I did not apprehend any danger to the deceased. On the following morning I observed two bottles on the table, one of which was marked "laudanum; poison." This was an old label. My son, however, having informed me that this and the other bottle were the same that he saw his father take the black stuff out of, I immediately wrote to Mr. Pratt, the chemist, asking him if he had sold the deceased any laudanum, I received an answer to the effect that he had not seen him for the last three months. At this time the deceased was sleeping. Mr. Pratt sent me instructions to shake the deceased, which I did, but he merely opened his eyes and went to sleep again. I then sent for Dr. Grey, but he (the deceased) died a short time after his arrival. Deceased was very much intoxicated on Thursday and Friday, and had been in the habit of taking laudanum, with other mixtures, as a medicine. William Cook, son of the deceased, aged ten years, deposed: On Friday last I bought him eight gills of rum, which he drank during the day. He went to Sydney ia the afternoon, and returned after dark with two bottles. He was quite intoxicated and fell off a box he was sitting on to the ground. When he came home he laid the bottles on the table; one of them (produced) was filled with black stuff. After having partaken of some ham, which he cooked, he told me that he had brought home a quantity of laudanum. I went for rum two or three times after. He went into the parlour and at- tempted to write, but he was unable to do so legibly. I then procured another gill of rum, and he poured the contents of the two bottles into the rum, and drank it off. He appeared to be quite giddy, and laid down on the bed and went to sleep. I then informed my mother of the circumstance. Mr. Wm. Grey, surgeon, deposed: I was called upon on Saturday evening last to see the deceased, but on my arrival he was dead. One of the bottles contained laudanum, a small portion of which still remains in it. I am of opinion that the deceased must have taken about an ounce of laudanum, which was quite sufficient to cause death. Verdict, Died from taking a quantity of laudanum whilst labouring under the effect of in- temperance. HORTICULTURAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY,-A meet- ing of the members, sulsoribers, and friends of the above society will be held this evening, at the Royal Hotel. The chair will be taken at half-past seven o'clock. DISPLAY OF FIREWORKS.-Yesterday evening, according to announcement, Mr. Knight gave his second grand pyrotechnic exhibition of fireworks in the Outer Domain. The variety, brilliancy, sub- limity, and minute evolutionary character of the displays elicited universal admiration, and drew toge- ther a larger audience than we have eyer teen assem- bled on any former occasion. 