THE MEJIBER FOR MARYBOROUGH, (To the Editor of the A»e.) Srn, — Your remarks in to-day's Age respecting Mr Longden's conduct in the Legislative Council last night, and which you speak of as traitoirous. appears to me, as a friend of that gentleman, and one who witnessed the proceedings of the House, to be uncalled for under the circumstances The resolutions moved by Dr Greeves not only cen sured the Government officers for the course which they pursued, but also expressed a strong leg;il opinion upon the whole proceedings connected vritli it; and I think it is too much to expect that over} member of the Legislative Council must bn aliso ai usuto constitutional lawyer— qualilied to give a decided vote upon a question, which, to say the toast. for it, is one upon which our ablest legal authoritj as differ. I rogret that Mr Longden did not, Hko Dr Murphy, give his reasons for voting against the resolutions, for I know that he concurred in the views so wull expressed by the latter gentleman, and that he would have voted for the majority of the resolutions had they been, as [ think they ought, put from the chair seriatim. By refusing to adopt this cciuisu. which was not only recommended by Dr Murjhy, but by Mr Grant, Mr Strachan, Mr Harvey, and other members of the Opposition. The liberal part .y up peared to me to bo -desirous of defeating their own motion, and thus avoiding the responsibility which would otherwise attach to them. G. S. December Ctb, 1855. That question of the strict legality of:' the Government proceedings affords a very con venient loophole for these two timid con sciences to creep through — very ! It As a thousand pities, now, that there shouli 1 bo any shadow of suspicion flung on theii : ex quisitely delicate conscientiousness by the awkward — but undeniable — fact that their private interests lay exactly in tht; direction indicated by their public v( Wes. But, somehow, the thing always happens; so. There never yet was a representative wuo sold his constituency who was not prep tared to show very precise reasons iu vindicati ou of his entire ' conscientiousness. ' I jah ! lou't we all know the old trick ?rery well ? Hasn't it been exposed a thou tand times? Is it necessary at this tima of lay to repeat the old, old truism — that the aore palpable and shocking the political reachery, the more solemn and emphatic are h°- protestations of scrupulous ' conscientious iess' on the part of the traitor ? Even if Messrs. Murphy and Longden could succeed in convincing themselves of the genuineness of heir reasons in the present iustan.ee, we are unch afraid they would still fail iu prevailing m their constituents (present or prospective) 0 accept those reasons as quite satisfactory. Unfortunately, also, the trick is rather stale n the case of Mr Francis Murphy. Three ?'ears ago, when a vote of want of confidence 11 the Latrobe Government was proposed and .ustaiued byalmo3t every representative mem lerthen in the Legislative Council, the conduct if that gentleman was of just the same dubi ius character sis on the present occasion. The irgus of that day described his restless move aunts during the debate on the motion, as re fembling those of a big blue-bottle fly which ius a burden to deposit somewhere, but has tot yet determined on the exact spot. The ^osult of this flitting from bench to bench on lie part of the honorable member was, his aaking a speech against the Government and noting in Us favor, which is exactly what he las done ou this occasiou also! Of coarse vlr. Murphy 'canie out very strong' in the 'conscientious' line, when called a traitor 'or his conduct by the Argus,— as he does now ?vhnn the Age applies the same epithet to pre ;isely similar conduct ! And on that occasion Vlr. Murphy's vote — which just saved the Go vernment — was speedily followed by his ap joiutment to the lucrative post he occupies ; a :-ost that has given him tho control of (we mlieve) several millions of the public mone} , vith marvellously small check on the expendi ure of the same. It would bo a pity, we -hink, if a parallel so nearly complete should ail for lack of the third condition in the jre&ent; case. Ah, well 1 we shall see ; but t will be gross ingratitude on tho part of the Jabal if they do not manage somehow to re vard their very obsequious, aud very con scientious, servants. We would strongly advise both these gen rtemen to apply for their reward as soon as nay be ; for the tenure of office of their mas ters is rather frail, and will certainly be brief ; ind if they do not give them a substantial -roof of their gratitude we are qjito sure that it is hopeless for Mr. Francis Murphy to expect his reward from tho electors of Bast Oollingwood, or Mr. Duncan Longden his re ward from the electors of Maryborough. This latter gentleman will have a difficult task, we dn'uk, in convincing the men of Maryborough that it was pure conscientiousness, and nothiug :lse, that ranged him on the side of the Go /ernment, and in opposition to that of the julire body of his colleagues from the diggings, almost the whole of tho representative mem )ers, atid tho people of Victoria. He will, ilso, very likely find it a.vkward to give an explanation of his careful and systematic ivoidance of all communication with his col leagues for the purposes of combined political iction, and his rather sneaking habit of haunt ing the purlieus of official quarters. He does not venture to defend his conduct in person, but gets 1 friend to do it for him; but let that pass. We shall look out for his name in an early num ber of the Government Gazette, as a newly - appointed stipendiary magistrate for — well 1 not for the Avoca district. He had better j;ive that district what sailors call ' a wide berth' for some time to come. A gentleman .vith such scrupulous conscientiousness as Mr. Duncan Longden would answer admirably for one of Mr. Secretary Haines' stipendiary ma gistrates, albeit he is not a vety profound con stitutional lawyer, as his friend avouches. We again congratulate the Government ou the Pyrrhic victory they have gained by the iid of these two precious specimens of representative honesty. We recommend Mr. Secretary Haines to take especial care of -.hese precious specimens, for he may take our word for it that such specimens are becoming of exceeding rarity in the colony of Victoria, ind the species will soon become extinct. We congratulate our spirited and patriotic contem porary, the Argus, on having reached tho exact position it ha3 been striving hard to gain for many months — that, namely, of direct antago nism to the entire body of the representative members in the Council and the entire body of colonists outside it. We wish the Govern ment joy of their organ and their supporters, not forgetting Colonel Auderson, Mr. High ett, Mr. Russell, and Mr. Wilkinson. And to the two gentlemen with the painfully acute moral susceptibilities who have sent us the above explanations of their (of course) unimpeachable motives — (that simple word, by the way, always brings tears now to the jyes of Mr. Secretary Haines, and, incredible ,is it may be deemed, nearly calls up a blush on tho cheek of Mr Attorney General Stawell) — we simply say, as the ghost of Brutus said to that renowned Roman, ' Au revoir ! We shall meet again at Philippi 1' 