gave fleet on ffàcttvwj} MONDAY MORNING, him NOV., lb... I lin ft teeth of Phillippi is he is and we are all it waiting for the action t of Canst In what form will the diesel put into repair ' will it be any thing like "The rigged tins can bear "The armed rhinoceros, of the By 1 can tiger ' ' Shall we see the lcJottbt that Dr Hampton family at the expiry of the House ? or shall we have to rejoice at) it even ackiionk(l_.< d mile as against the L it -cannot be punished by my -mind lily sue the Luv ? We come on out > all eyes, in order to open the eye of our mind, and there, is miles behind us, hence 1 dim, shadowy, gigantic, but for its-, v irons, on whose ominous aspect we see engineer a whole supplicate set-off of tumble, ed unity, There- are firsts ion, and social room, to -urge upon that people, who, by n should "-issue a new, a unit they dent action of a Mr) H section to overdid the Lin ' we open our eyes came to dispel the humble plants and 15in at look over the a. mount tins and pi lees of our lind-iketmj' 1 partly over but for her needs anning lies deep dell - a certain r her give 11 1 ills, and catching a panoramic view of the villages, died from colic Co, has Stather seats, for leave to, her flocks- and hPl lies K. And then we call to mind the thought cruelties of our island di aware by Archbishop Wh feet. and many another ten due listened 11101 dist, was expressed, before his ' means, by John Mitchell Here. ne In. your . "for the it is a 111 d where men are to maternal into his rest at j 111111 he who Line will when he gives them, a man's lit 1111 tiKcn fifty horn firm, and there is given to him the heat of a In ist.'" Living here he calls "Breathing the mitsui 1 of that hideous den." But not to give to these false ideas the importance- of quoting any more of them against all this we set the absolute fact, that no city in the British Empire presents a move orderly aspect than Hobarton. Remembering in what manner we have been extracted from every nook and corner of our native land, and here united into one brotherhood -we have reason to be proud of the real love of social order, the real and substantial deference to the law, which our little community wears stamped upon it, on both sides, that is, both inside and out. "Wedo not fear to challenge comparison with any British town of the same extent in intelligence, in good works of civilization and of charity, in love of rational freedom, in deep respect for the law. All the sweet charities that attempt poor frail humanity, are here as lively as energetic, us ready to the call, as in the proudest of England's national assemblies. And, we contend, these are great facts, and such as speak most eloquent arguments for the goodness, the soundness of our national polity. 1 herein we plead not for it in a ser- vile, spirit, as if we thought it perfect. To us, to us all, its defects are palpable enough, and we would have them changed. But if the tree is known by its fruit and if the fruit is good-shall we, madly hew down the tree because we have found one or two, or half a dozen rotten specimens on some of the branches? can we not use the pruning-knife wisely, and dispense with the axe ? We have sailed, on the broad wings of Time, over more than half a century of very varied hie-and for sixteen years "we have breathed the miasma of this hideous den." Yet are our charities as kindly our feelings as warm, as they were thirty years ago in our Northern home. We still entertain the most profound deference for law and order and principle ; our bosom still heats with an Englishman's invention- guishable love of rational freedom. " The miasma" has not deadened our youthful feelings, not inclined us to look upon our fellow-citizens with any less kindly regard. To speak the plain truth plainly, we have no j respect for these sweeping gene talities, whether they proceed from castle or from secret from exclusiveness or from sectarianism. Life is a tissue of many many tints, blending undistinguishable one into another, so that the nicest moralist and the most bigoted -eclarian cannot determine the actual boundaries of virtue and vice. And hence arises, in our mind, the infer.' once, that a large experience of realities will reach a truer and more liberal charity than is prescribed by dogma or creed. \- The large general instincts of our- little society, mingled as the population is, are sound and good. Subject any new doc time, or sentiment, for a while, to the at- traction of public opinion, and we shall see its excrescences gradually chiselled off, its angularities smoothly rounded, and its original crudeness modelled into working order. This we believe to be not peculiar to any one section ; it exists in the people as a very noticeable fact: it exists in (he House:" it exists in the Press. But 0:11 contemporary, the News, basset up a new standard. He is of John Mitchell's opin- long-line. thinks the miasma of this h deems den" has so eaten into private character, that every man here is literally a " beast." Hence his attacks, first on Mr. Mutiny-then on Mr. Mason-then on Mr. V. Smith. And hence it is that he elevates himself, his reporters and all that is his into models for imitation. Now we think, on our side of the question, that Mr. Allison and Mr. Smith will only come out brighter from his attacks. We think that we have discovered the motto which ought to have stood for his line of adina. " Aude aliquid brevibus Gyaris et careers digman, " Si vis es5o aliquis. Probitas laudatory et algot." Which locally rendered runs thus. "Be honest, and they'll kick thee-for this isle " Breeds nought but what is loathsome, base and vile, " Seek notoriety Leslie dancers in it "But, by repeated trials, thou may'st win it." 4. And a most splendid notoriety he has attained Query, does anybody envy him his pedestal i' We are glad of the approaching meeting of the House; but we rejoice with doubt and apprehension. We would fain persuade ourselves that the major part of our Representatives have arrived at just and temperate views of their duty to their con- stituencies and to the commonwealth: that they will no longer suffer a whole people's welfare to turn on the discussion of a mere abstract question. The usual fallacy that the question involves a large general principle, we have met again and again. The act mil position of circumstances is answer enough to this. Whether the law he with them or against them, it is in their own power, in a few hours to alter the law, and there is every moral assurance that the Governor will not withhold his assent. To cling to a mere shadowy plot of honor, then, under such circumstances, is most plainly opposed to the large demands of their duly to Uto country. The two months are gone j the country has not responded to their appeal. Very inconsiderable is the actual support they have received from the various constituencies and loud and energetic is the cry that the state of the land like up to warn them from pursuing their' mock heroic. 8, Iii rough a new scene of the melodrama, which is already ridiculous enough. No man of any discretion will pledge himself to secure the return of these gentlemen to the New Houses, on the sole ground of having advocated this particular privilege in this very peculiar crisis. We shall all, all expect other pledges, other expositions of their views and purposes. We have none " slipped full'' of unsubstantial declamation and we look for something rather more business-like and real. Privilege is a good thing, but cheap bread b better. Not that we care for leave it to pay ninepence halfpenny for a two pound loaf-pi voided active and sensible legislation will open once more the sluices of trade and commerce, of manufacture and national prosperity, and furnish us with means to pay- illa, monopolist juice. The labourer and 100 Allison will not be grudge the land owner his luxuries, his wine, his cigar and his racer-if the said land-owner will secure to them liberal wages and full employment. A very large part of this great whole, the House can give to the labourer if the House will be pleased to do the duty for which they are appointed, and which they are pledged conscientiously to discharge. Nor shall we be so very particular about the exact division of Electoral districts, if we find that country gentlemen have really learned to place a higher value on human life and human comfort, than upon the Divine rights of acres and flocks. We are all perfectly well aware that it is most natural and most suitable to select our Representatives from amongst the class called gentlemen and if we keep up a perpetual agitation on the subject if we call for an extension of franchise-or for restrictive provisions against class legisla- tion it is because this same class of gentlemen, when they have gathered themselves together in Council, often forget who sent them, and legislate for us as if WE were docks and herds, or stocks and stones. Let them therefore reform this unrighteous tendency, and we can promise, in the name of Tasmania, that we shall he extremely happy to see them where they ought to be occupied in guiding the vessel of the state. THE RICHMOND DINNER. Who has got a copy of our Kaleidoscope? but probably our leaders will call to mind the vision which our fantastical Kaleidoscope prosea ted of Mr. Gregson on the Iltislingi, haranguing the people : we xxiii quote a line or two ;-" we could hear how sweetly he told them of his former political glories, not forgetting his defence of their privileges : how delicately he reminded them of their intelligence and! their in- dependence." An article or two back we claimed to be a political prophet: the Richmond dinner is our iiisL prof s, for the Hon. Member has not waited for the IJm lings. Hear good people, how " deli- Lately" he praises his constituency ! Let us quote from the News. "A voice "We're all old hands here." "Yes" said Mr. Gregson, and knowing that I have the old hands with me is knowing that I have ALL the worth and virtue of Van Diemen's Land on my side." V us (he done too strong for the old hands on not at all they swallowed it, and opened their mouths for more. And they got it he had told them "browns very solicitous about having the applause and approval of Richmond, for the Richmond people, it did not matter upon what i lies that, were always right'" ! And after perpetrating these two rather trying tests of Richmond gullibility, he made way for Mr B'nwvcU Billie and did not this glimpses not be at the dinner pit to the fulsome second edition of Bli Gregson's complimentary, speeches we can li ally all who so Ik i ed the most and the story of his intersects li then, himself, Bil Gregson of the Richmond People' " the castle a son of, disp finding 01 in i English 1 with him to his taste', and it's M i\îilleis' Us'o to it but r Mr legal i I Mt Gi 4 ous minute! s, md to 11 of life it took the colourists end it seems Bro G m on s 11 te lo even in old hand ' beyond all modern mail v For our part, we are quite content to let I am be little or tem oils not so price of the eulogies of the good old times, when he was a jotuyslu'-pro ided m ii iv and v st i id t! ii [I read l habit to be what it is rich Hy i i piece of hopeless, but lesson no less strange Sui evening cus outbursts sans every time for, to our mind, this o' sole c done better he i upon the v title of the " old h rails only slums that the politics of the is fast urging flour " the lead a id slippered * it- to come into "second childishness and need of Even We had some report for Iii Gregson, as we would not have taken the trouble to use is so repeatedly his acts' of tin S SSIOII But tillage- said what shall m say to such d per the guilty to this? W mein up so id distes it to the " id li i is,' not a few of whom we have Known between ject with the arrest this me in and dogs are., in aid ation, only even then when men are thin | nts mile mci we dust that this is not really to be the 1 in 411 age of our comm. Lie. 1110s ' 