CHINA. Bv tho Mclani,from Shanghai (arrived at Sydnoy) wo have papsrs to tl.b 29th of June. Tho North. China ; Herat t of 26th May i ntimatos that Wpo-ohaii^ ainl ilan k'liow has again .fallen into t!.e hands of the rebels. . Th-i Peking. Gazette of tlio 20th of April, in no ticing the same event, states tli.it Woo- ehang, tin; capital of, lino- pill, lias been taken by tha rebels, -and- uuu -R UU.V lias again .iuiuu lino ,IU0 , 1MUUS OI llie enemy. : The Lieutenant Governor of IJoo -kwan^ and iho. p::e'eet,of the provincial, city bjlh died in the struggle. Commenting on this catastrophe, tlio Gazette. says ?. The report ofthe loas of IVoo-ch an? thelpro vincial capital (liow captured for the third time), and the death of the Lieutenant Gjvor nor. of. lloo-pih 011 tin occasion, excite tho Kmperoi-'s indignation and gi-.of. When the icbels arrived at that city, tlu gar rison proved insuflicient to protect it. Iloo-li 11-y ill and Lemoiig-k'eiin, ? cqiidueting their troops hy la-id and water, gained various successes, and had in view t,-,o„ ll,n/-;»u I'l-Aln tho il:, ntr.it* tli.ik ,1,„1 it. They . met rebels coming from all sides by way ol llingkweh (a district city to the oast ward- of Woo cli'ung in tho next prefecture), T'ung-sha v (ii city a few miles south of Woo-ch'ang), ;and somo places el less note. .Tha troop', ;after, fighting. all day, wore overwhelmed by superior numbers. The city was then lost, and tlia ,-Foo-t'ae foil a sacriflco for his country. .Yang-p'ei, tlio; viceroy;, led on his troops and attacked the rebefforce several timet, but with out dov.ising any successful plan. Having lost the oily, and when lost not at onco retaking: it, lie ought, according to law, to ho severely puuisiiod., But protectors being now needed for , the country north ofthe Koang, he is continued in his commaud, while doprivedof his titles, that ho may have an opportu nity ofrecovoring his former status. ' If he doe-t no! quickly sweep clean of rebels the region under his command, recover his capital, and prevent thoir furthor advauce, he will be visited with condign punishment. 'T'aou-ng.in-p'ei, tho Too-t'ae, having fallen at his post, is much regretted by the Emperor, who will arrange for ths omfort of'the ghost of his faithful servant. , The cases of tho magistrate pro tempore of the or fcctural cities Woo-ch'anz -and Seanir-vans. and othtirs who died with him, will be suitably con-, side-ed, 'On2'th April, Ho-ta'ing-kwei, tho Lidutonimtr Governor of .Ngan-hwei, informs tho Emperor, that H.vei-chow and Seih-heen have been recovere.l from the rebels, 'into, whose hands tliey had fallen, 'l'hat oflicer h id commissioned Shih-king-fen, tho prefect of Kin-hwa, with other o.Ticers, .to ndvance with troops to recapture those places.' They attaoli ed tho city by three gales with musketry. The rebels, .lioaring the sound, lost their courage, and fled by the remaining gate. Tliey wero pursued for tl ree or four miles aud suveral prisoners taken, who wero at once put to death. Two smaller cities, Ilew-ning and Ilo-heon were also taken. The Kin-hwa Profoct; for his prudence and celerity in those operations, is to receive t'.-.e ollice of Taou-t'ao ' The Gazelle of May. Oth ? refers; to tho report of Cob-ining-ah on tho capture of Tseaou-shau, nn island near Chindceang, and ot certain rafts on which robel forces had been posted in the river. Ileang-yung joins him in making this report. The -naval forces, descending tho river on April 22nd, came to the attack, intending to break tho ..chain which had been drawn across tlio stream.. Proceeding by the north and south banks,, they advanced to Sevenle Island, and. assaulted breastworks planted with cannon Favored by the wind, tliey attacked and destroyed several two-storied buildiogs, where yellow flags were hoisted. , Fifty to sixty.boats with guns came to moot. them. ..Moro than .twenty wore lired into -ind sunk on tho south bank. On tho north back, seventy '? 0fS,,v uiunuuu .wuu tl-ubis came nut. Largo ^umbers of them were killed, Many of their boats gotagrouiul, and^vci-e attacked with fue arrows. After severe losses had, been emluiod by them in fie river, tliey still hel.l to their land for tifi cutions. While Woo-tseuen mei and his force mounted tho earthen wall, Wang-p'eng-neini leading ion his vessels attacked the chain that obstructed the passage and broke it into several pieces. Tlio rebal boats thun took to flight. Our vessels advancing were met by a now (1 .'et of hostilo boats, below whero the chain had been placed. Woo-tsoueu-met leading the attack against thorn was as isled by war-junks from P'oo-k'o w, which came by .the north and south banks with frosh forces. Moro lhan thirty rebel hoat.i wore sunk, on which the rest retreated. Oriowilhia chief on b iard was taken. Tho rebels then deserted tho chain altogether, and it was cut through by the iui nnri.il ftinw. in two. hrancliB!) of thn rivn.- .Tt.n ?rebel' -forco ? that was further' up the stream, then oamo--.to,-carry on tho engagement, when m .re than eighty of „ their boats were destroyed. The affair lasted from seven o'ulosk till five o'clook iu the evening. Tho ohain was com pletely brokon away, and moro than 300 bo.its in all destroyed. On the same day Cliow-sze-fa, the oflicer in command nt Tseaou-shan, led his vessels against tho rebels at lv'n-slian.: At once tlio rebel foi cu 011 rafts in tho rii'oi- was iii 1110 tion,' and their; caono i opened flro from t|io south. ' Tho imperial troops attacking the earthworks, nnd the rafti simultane ously succeeded in drowning many of thair foei, and capturing four rafts.''1 ?In noticing the movements of the rebels during ths mouth, the Herald of 2nd Jime observes that Intelli gence has been' received of niorc' activity on their part lhan has boon exhibited for a long timo; Whilst the cnintry arouod Sliaughae appears to have . be-, come ..quite cleared of, any operations of the insiti-: gents— -tho district around Woo-ch'.ing and llan k'how, ha ~e been the sc.it of many sanguinary battles bitweon tho rebels and tho .imperialists; From K»vei-clnw and IC-een-s-ee chow, the former; are re ported to liiivo been repulsed. Thoc!ty of lliiig-e in the orcfecture oi'Kwei-cho.v had also beeii freed from lie rebels. Keanaf-tauiing in lloi-kwang has beon re-ciptured hy the imperialists. Other, bodies of rebels have bean driven out of Ho^nau, as likewise from Hwang keanjf and E-ts'iin. , Kaou-tahg chow in Slian-tung has been recaptured by the imperialists. Motiutiine, disturbrnces have broken out at' Liii sli vuy in Shan-sc, and at Ngan-shun, ii' piefecturc of Kwci-chow. i „? On the Yang-tsze-keang, General Ilcang-yuog reports victories ovor the rebels at Kaou-ts/.e aud ICow-y ut.g. Whilst theso successes havo taken place on _ tho pari of the Imperial:sti anl others, detailed in our Peking Gazettes ol' tliis clay's issue, at tbe island of 'I'seaou-shaii n3ar Chin -kean ami Kin-shan (or G ildcn Island), tho insurgents have made good their ground at tho provincial ciiybl' H-io-pili,— .Woo-oh'ang, aud the groat internal mart 01 uan-K'n iw, ami ar. some oiner towns in tnese im portant districts. Thus, whiht the struggle ap pears to raye with renewed vigour in tho vicinity of the grant cities, on nnd near to tho Y mg-tsie' river —we have testimony rrom witnesses of the most re liab'e accuracy, in thu persons of Eun j-ean travel 'crs recently returned from the silk districts, that tlioy are perfectly ixaceable ; and that ti|iv filing in that pa'-t ofthe counlry is effected with 1 lie greatest; ease. . However theu, the. civil war may fluctuate beiwe a the hoitile parlies in the interiir, we have little a.ipieUension that it will m.icli Ucdthe . . ' i: ' -i-(ispdets of'foreigh li-ade, at tho present jiinctuie, iiilcss they l'Qsurn'o hostilo. demonstrations in the tea districts; which at present are said lo be tolerably ?dear of the rebels. . 'A report has b~on received from Ningpo that a tiiuarc:t |5gcd vessel, name unknown, had been taken ?iy pirates on the East Coast, said to be from Foo :hqw, omvoying some Chinoso junks. Tho rumor is so vaguo that nothing can be mado of it, and as vessels-. coming fio'ui. F.ioeho.v-at this timo are p o pably limber laden, wo do not appivhend mtioh dangor to the ves els in question, if, indeed captured. We think, however, that it is liijyli time when niratos are infesting tho highway of commerce so coo tinually betveeen the Five Ports, that the naval authorities ou the China stations should keep some .var-stcamer continually on the alert along tho coast, and not allow them- to remain idle in harbor, when tliey might be. much more beneficially employed outside. Tho ready ruinois current about disturbances in tho interior, during the month, havo necessarily had vdeprcssing offset upon trade. It is always dinicult to ascertain how much credunee should be placed in ;uch reports, but it not u'nfrequently happens tint news ol importance . reaches hero hy common rumor, very much sooner than by the Peking Gazette, as -vas thu caio of tho rs- cspture of Han k'liow by the i.isui'gents last month, aiid now verified by, the Government organ,',' Prom- the Singnporo Free Press of 3rd May, we copy tho following interesting account of the success ful neijooiation of a treaty botween Groat Britim and Siam, by Ilia' Exoallency Sir John Bowring:— _ ' On tho 18th of April a -'L'reat.y.of Commerce was sisned at Bangkok botween 11. li. Sir John Bowring, H. B. M.'s |ilenipolcnti!iry,'aiiJ five commissioners appointed by the two ICinjs of' Siam. They wore It. R. II. thu 1-rinee Kroin riluang W011g.ua (tho King's b.'other), di: tsvo Somdetches (regents of tlio kingdom), tho lJra Kalahom (prime minister), aud. A-iuMiuijj (uuu iiiiuisiur 01 ioreign aiiairs) Tlio arrangemb-its are of;, the most satisfactory .character. ?? The ohV system .of monopoly has been entirely destroyed as regards;all articles of foreign trade, and one duty- is to.'jbe-.coUecled either1 011 imports or export's. Tho import duty is to bo 3 per cont. The heavy tonnage duty ^is wliotly abolished, and E-iglish ships are do enjoy. all- the privileges hitherto '-monopolised'- by the Chinese and Siamese II. B. M'lj'csty.'s subjects-are to-be allowed to settle .to. cultivate lands, to-orcct, houses, to buy and sell' without any restriction or molestation,— and a' British Consul is. wtj ;,be . appointed with sole jurisdiction : over - one ? countrymon. The rites of the British' are'1 to be. respected, and a pro vision is mado for n revision of tlib treaty uf^cr ten years, 011 the rcquircnieiit of either of the contracting parties. Sir ? Jolni. Bowriiig was received with most distinguished houoM.,. He. was!met by the Prime Minister at Pakuam, and couveyed in state barges to Bangkok, whither 1I.M. steaiuer ltattler followed liim and anchored oil' the British. Fuctory, whero she fired ?a silute of 21 guns 011 the sighing ofthe treaty, which was ans . erod by a similar, number Troin tho Siamese fortifications. No. sort of, humiliation was imposed 011 Sir J9I111 Bowring or his suite, who wero ndinitted (indepohdently of. inauy: private interviews) in full : C! stunio), and wearing. their , swords to tho grand reception hall of the two '-.kings, and' were, received as 110 European minister has over -been sincu M. , Ohauuiond's mission in the tiino of Louis the Four teeth. What adds to tho interest of tho.wholo, is the promptitude, with; which every, thing was accom plished. Sir John . Bowringifcacliod Bangkok on the 3rd of April, and ill less- than a fortnight all tho ar rangeinonts wero finally made. - Wo. understand Sir John speaks in high terms ;of the cflicient assistauco he received from Mr, -Hairy J. Parkos, H.B.M.'s con sul at Ainoy, and his son Mr. John C. Bowring-, who accompanied his Excclloiicyashis Private Secretary. Nor has the valuable co-operation of tho Honorable Captain Keene, ofII.M.rsbrig Grecian (w;iich arrived during thenogociatioiis oflTucknam), aud of Captain Mellorsh, ofll.M. steamer Itattlqr, boon less useful. We believe every functionary, both in the diplomatic and naval services, has left Siam under tho most favorable impressions, and with tho; confident hope,' that , a magniliccnt couutry is now about to. be _ opened to all the genial influences of unrestricted 'commerce.',. Whatever controversies have hitherto been elicited' as to the conduct of the King, lio has behaved' on this occasion in a spirit worthy of the most enlightened monarch. No doubt circumstances have greatly favored tho mission of fill' -Tnlin n ntiri«tn r* T^ irrn r» tMANt (?!.. T _ 1. . s,u AU u|ipuniumj. OIL dUlill I hail the advantago of the lCiag^a personal friendship . and of having well studied the rocks upon which his predecessors wero, 'wrecked.- .'Whatever may have been said of a reaction' iii'th'e character of the present king, and of his falling, iiito ,the obstinate awl bigoted views of his. defiiiict brother is best an swered by Sir John Bowring's treaty, which most assuredly never would have been obtained were not the Sovereign of Siam a man of groat sagacity, who understands the position and prospect of his couutry, and who is disposed to associate his name and fame with progress aud improvement.' 