1 (THE MM?' ! MENTCHIKOFJV' Tiie 'niiidows of the palace of, tho Xi^mliu at' . ,l^oso.oiv -JotiljCfl into -an' immense square surrounded- by.TOagui^ceut t ;btiiltliug,s', contain ing different offices. .conBeefofl' w1th'th'^ frourfc. ,Tpis'_ jonng Gaar,' - Peter :the.'. .Eirai) '.wm.' Wy fondj'o.f looking' otit and' 1 observing .what'iwas going, on, lor, tne .square was- a thorough.fave for the people, aa.tiie Hace',4e Cari^i^blis at ^Paris'-: ' at th'e corners'most.distant^ .'feom- the palace se.vci^' merchants on a small. scale! had establishedi .their little' bdoths, ' their customers b6ing chiefly soldiers \Yho!.freq\Veiited'th,e'^pot. A.M0ugst 'these -was-a wretchedly p'oor jiian, witli.a fepily j6f young childrerij-tho eidest of whom.iTCas.i a, .,boy niini'O'd ' A'lexanderj-who, in ?the midst -of ?- poverty. »pdVpnyati6ti'.' 'contrived 'to; keep up' the spirits of ail.arouu^ Jtiim'^y his unceasing gOo'd 'htimor and .frolic. The . calling of ? his if'atiier was, tliiit of a pristryeddlii- and his ' 6b ief ' wares ? - were . ceviam . lid t /Rattles; : which '^outtd,' favor'iiV military eyes, pajjticfllaplyj when seaSQ.netl'. liy'the-'furiily actions and- sayings of yoiingjAlexd.uder,V{vto in-their path with his basket full. iiiviteYl' dlieir 6'ustbm with S(TTiTanT--tvitt,y-i-ei'Siiasioas^_aud'with' so' much humor1, 'that' he 'Wasi generally surrounded by a laughing' group1, which- the Czar Watched, with a feeling almost ' a'ppr'drtehitag -to : vexation that his state preyentflei .him froui descehdihg iato th'e'sqnarei'and::hearihg tlie_ jokps 'iy^iich pro voked sb 'niuch rhilaritv.' ??? Alexander..went all over .the tp-vfi',' -Vith ' his fatties',' anckifjit hap pened 'that - lie . . delayed' tlie 'tisuai time of ar riving' iu '?the palace. square, the 'Czfetv Peter .was', disappointed,- 'so accastomed.'fiacl' he be come. t6. ,tne'jb'y'6us countenance ofithe lively young pastrycook, 'i'ari'dj t'0' he{tr' 'his' merry laugh' ringing through tJiQ ? air^ ' 'Alexander was 'a' g6neral 'favorite -with, the. soldiers, who, looked.. fcjr..birrl 'aS'eagerly- -as- thein..master, whom they,, little thought ''was a witness of theii' sports,- or -could '.deign 'foi;, a 'moment to npticp 'tiie nlonkey' tricks of .jtheif/pet, who, conscidui of ' tlve position he had, -achieved in their esteem, apd- moi'e 'mbi'e in-«pirits at the rapid. Bale.of his goods',' often tobk liberties wi^i j hiS; 'frieudsj - and, Tentured .pn imperti nences ..\Yh.ic,h 'w6re, h6wever; received with all the good., tamper ' iu;thb 'world,- ?' -It'happened one day that the C^'h^d' b^ten' detained by some 'business- longer - -than. .usuit and was .hiii'jiying t^his window- to lookout for Alex ander; .when iliig' 'was star tied' by piercing cries, proceeding- Irorn.., the PPP.t..,^uete 'the little 'p^strycodk'took-'hiistiand. .. 'IJo -perfeived the young hero StrUgglitig -under- a.gooij beating, '?which.. wM.'.'.'.Y^i^g'''^1® a sullen soldier ?6f?-..?.thei,^.\\.^ftyal''-'-''.'^iMd,, who had felt, himself ' iiisulted by. some, of , the spoilt fa .yprite'^saiicy 'remarks. Alexander exerted his, lungs; tO.'the utmostj-vvhile' the soldier con tinued to 'knock liiin' about' brutally, when snddfiilly one' of- the Czar's , .officers' appeared Svitb a.' roy ill order that the boy should be in stantly released', and, ^moreover/ accompany '?hinr-to -the presence of' Petef himsfelf. Alex I ander rnhde not tiie , slightest' resistance to this, cojmjnaftd, and.' fearlessly .followed the offi cer. .'.to .'.'tlio Czai's apartmehtg; '? ?' Although th£re:'were tears.' on . Jijs' dfttj^' little round chdeks,' and his eyes' . still 'sparkfiSg with ex citement; the joyousness of liis.. -Heart shone forth. in .lps, pbnhtenanccJ ' To' ev^ry question that the monarch. askc^cl 'fto' gaTe^'fiome jocose answer, and- Peter, wishing to'^sectire a source of ,' o'vct'flowihg entertainment, i, attached tho youug uiercliaii't'tq his s'drviee,-,whb, from that day, was named. afftno'$ Hi^ places, j When' Alexander reappeared^ before his master'ih Jthe ' splctldid -and'. beQpming dress which .lie, Jiad exchanged ' forr'agtf, his childish beattty- so, .delighted 'tiie -yoiitig Czar that lienceforth-.'lve could. not '.bear,' lijra out of his sight l\is'' 6tlieTr pages were. '(unnoticed, and none but Alexander Meiitchikbffjus he was then .styled, the narqe having Ueen.gi veil by the Em peror, was permitted to enter the private cham bers of royalty. In fact,: so clear did his society :beconte to his benefactor, that lie would not part with it even on grave occasions, and the bold and ready favorita.'did not shrink from mingling with ministers/aml even jocosely of fering his opinion, in:,a iiianner that frequently entertained the wh'ole, court not a little. No one looked on him with either fear or envy, as he grew older, always increasing in his master's favour ; , foi- ' his good-hnmor and readiness to* oblige,.di$»rin«d tke most severe, till, at length, h|4 anything to interest'witli tlio Czar, wfiich no eriiplb^cavsb adroitly that he generally gained any point .be wished:, to carry. He soon became so good, a : courtier, that he contrived to put ideas and resolutions of his own into the mind of the Czar, who adopted them as original with the greatest self-complacency. While Mentchikoff was yet in his position of page, he happened one day to bc^ ir a pub lic-house where two men were drinking and talkintr. confidentially: they had not observed liis entrance, and' a partition in the chamber concealed him. At first he scarcely noticed them, but presently certain words which , they dropped, and certain names which they uttered, attracted his attention. He listened and discovered that these were conspirators in a plot, headed by Prince Amilkar, to depose , the Czar; and learnt that, its execution was to be attempted without delay. As noiselessly as lie had en tered, he quitted , the public- house, and 'hurried to -his master, to whom he related the facts. Before they had finished the bottle over which thoy had so imprudently gossipped, ' the two conspirators were arrested. Princc ? Amilkar, and all those whose names had . reached the oars of Alexander, were also seized. Summary Russian justice was also executed on the guilty parties, and the throne of the Czar was saved. Riches, honor, and power were showered on the discoverer, and subse quent services, both iu the state and the armies of the Czar, earned for MontchikolF increasing * '? credit and. ceaseless additions of fortune. A private obligation had, however, more weight perhaps with Peter than all the real benefits he received from his intelligent and certainly attached favorite ; and this Mentchikoff had the opportunity of rendering. It had long been the savage custom in Rus sia when the prince ct the head ot the state was pronounced of age to marry, that a sliow should take place of the most remarkable beauty to be found ,in the kingdom. The . , ' daughters of the highest families were brought to Moscow by their parents, and, on a given day, were ranged in rows, to be looked at by the future bridegroom, who chose from amongst their blushing ranks her whose charms made the greatest impression on him. It was in a saloon of his palace that a lovely crowd of young ladies were thus exposed, and from amongst them Peter had- selected the fairest, the proudest, and the most attractive, in the person of Eudosia Pedero.wna Lapuchise, the daughter of one of the highest of the nobility of Novgo rod, and wealthiest. The marriage was cele brated with greater splendour than had ever been seen in Russia. Two princes were in due time born to render, the union perfectly satisfactory; and all went well and happily for two years, when suddenly a change came over tho scene: infidelity, jealousy, anger, indignation, and estrangement ensued, and the royal househould wore an aspect of storm and desolation. Peter had seen in Anna Moens another Anna' Boleyn, and Eudosia was doomed to the fate of Catherine: unable to obtain, however, from his clergy, permission to break his marriage, Peter took a priest's office on him, and, by a determined cxercice of power, pronounced his own divorce, con- j demning the late Czarina to pass the rest of her days in a convent, where sho was com pelled to take the vows, and shut herself for ever from the world. Thus free, and agaiu a bachelor, it only remained for Peter to elevate the witty and charming Anna to the czarina's vacant place : but an obstacle was in the way, on which he had not calculatec. — Anna Moens loved another, and abhorred the Czar. Forced to receive his addresses, he had fre quently accused her of coldness and indiffer ence; but after the repudiation of Eudosia, the honest nature of Anna would not allow her to conceal her indignation, and she re proached him bitterly for his cruelty, declaring she could not love one capable of such an action. She did not, it is to be pre sumed, venture to confess that her affections ' were given to the envoy of Prussia ; but she strove by unalterable coldness aud reproach to' detach herself from one whose presence was detestable to her, and whose magnificent offers she scorned. The Czar, however,' was long before he could resolve to shake off the weak ness which enchained him ; but at length, wearied with her indifference, ho made up his mind to strive no longer against it. The in stant Anna found herself free, she and her lover fled beyond the power of the tyrant. Peter was deeply -mortifrd, but he was not one to consider such a misfortune irreparable : There were beauties enouch ready to console him, and he strove to forget the ungrateful Anna , in a , new attachment. Alexander Mentchikoff had perhaps already laid his plans both for the happiness of his sovereign and the consolidation of his favor. He introduced to the Czar a lady, whom he had attached to himself, and whose genius, wit, and beauty' he felt sure would drive from the mind of Peter all traces of his love for the ungrateful Anna. Without hesitation he gave up his own claims to Catherine to the Czar. Catherine took ad vantage of her position, exerted herself to charm her royal lover, and succeeded so well, that in a short time she was seated on tho throne which Ann* had disdained. The de yoted attachment of Peter tp his new Czarina never knew diminution, and his gratitude to his friend increased with his love for her who render ed him so happy. All that she dersired became his law : and Meutchikoff assisted him to in vent new ways of showing his friendship and admiration. , He travelled with hor through every part cf his dominions iu triumph, and carried her with him to several foreign coui ts. His ambition was to present hor at that of Prance, but such a degradation as receiving a person of low birth, and more than doubtful character, could not be thought of for an instant, and all sorts of polite subterfuges were invented to ward off such an infliction from the exemplary court of the Regent Orleans., Catherine brought the Czar several children, ajid he felt, with vexation, that his son Alexius must take precedence ot them, as tne pldest; As he had latterly hated Eudosia, the mother of the prince, so lie now began to Hetest her son, aud resolved to take measures to set aside his claims to tho succession. The family of Lapuchin, meanwhile, th.is thrust into the shade, murmured in secret, and even the rest of the imperial family joined in disapproving the meditated injustice of the Czar. Eudosia, whose haughty spirit chafed un.ler her innumerable wrongs, at once threw herself into tho very her. i of a conspiracy, which was soon formed in i vor of her son. Although within the walls ci' a con vent sho had yet means to communicate with the conspirators, and selected i : her instru ment a Boyarcl of the province of Bostoff, named Klebow, who was sincerely attached to her interests. Alexius was easily _ won to consent to head the rebellion against his father ; partly instigated to do so by the recollection of a danger he had escaped by the friendly interference of Mentchikoff. It happened when Alexius was only fifteen years old.'- Having: ventured, ;by-- directionj:pf» the nobles, of .the', court, -to remonstrate *v'fh his father on some injustice he liuu commit lad,! it so excited the fury of Peter that he believed he saw in his son a conspirator against his crown and life. Giving way to such rage ;as deprived him, for the time, of his senses, Peter commanded a scaffold to be erected in the palace-court, where he insisted that the young prince should be executed at nightfall. Those terrific orders were delivered to Mentchikoff, whoso duty was, without del: 7, to give them to tho proper persons who were to prepare for this unnatural vengeance. However secretly all was made ready, the facts of the case bccame known to the sol diery, and -j . was then . that a noble instance1 of self-devotion -sras exhibited. A young soldier of the same ag-a and size as the prince, offered Vimself ! to Mentchikoff as a substituo ; de claring that to immolate himself thus, to save his master, would be his pride and glory. Mentchikoff, who was a most, unwilling actor in the tragedy, did , not allow the generous impulse to cool, accepted the sacrifice, and dressing tho young man in the clothes of the Czarowitz, had -him conducted to the scaffold and decapitated before the eyes of Peter, who stood at his window to see the act performed. That night ho had fallen into a heavy sleep, when Mentchikoff, who always slept in his chamber, was awakened by sudden cries, and rising, found the Czar in the agonies of re-1 morse, calling loudly on his son, and command ing that he should be restored to him. Tho explanation that followed put an end to the father's sufferings, and Alexius was once more given to his arms. The prince, howevsr, inherited both the ferocity of his father and the pride of his ill used mother, and, when the moment arrived, some years after, he seized with avidity the opportunity of revenge. ? The journeys of Peter in his dominions furnished an excellent occasion for the plots of the conspirators, which had time to ripen, and the great ex plosion was about to burst forth when all was revealed ; but by what means . is not known. A series of horrible executions fol lowed. The Princess Maria, Peter's own sister, was publicly whipped before all the ladies of tho court. Klebow underwent a hideous fate, protesting to the last the inno cence of Eudosia ; and the unfortunate Alexius was bled to death in his prison, in the citadel of St. Petersburg, before, it is asserted, his father's eyes, who resolved to be witness to his death. Eudosia was condemned to remain a prisoner for life in the citadel of Sleutzel bourg, where no attendant was allowed her but a female dwarf, so infirm that the ex enipress was frequently obliged to provide for her wants us well as her own, and thus, for eight yenra, hor wretched existence lingered ou, while tlio triumphant Catherine floated on the topmost wavcj of prosperity, and Ment chikoff ascended from one grade of dignity to another, till he became a pv.' ice of Russia, first senator, field-marshal, arrl knight of all the Orders of the Czar. Added tc these honors, the ex-pr.:try..ook was ...ur.tcJ regent of the kingdom, during the absence 01 his master, and found himself at the head of boundless power and riches incalculable. It was said with truth that lie could travel from Riga in Livonia to Derbend in Persia, sleeping always iu his own domiuions. Prom all the princes who dreaded the power of the Czar, Mentchikoff has also obta:.iod his wish, aud he could, when it pleased him, which was not seldom, exhibit cj lvs bononi the order of the white eagle, tin ln.c.k eagle, the elephant, and many others which were laid at his foot by servile courts. The order of the Holy Ghost, however, m si covctcd, he could not obtain from Prance. He wos addressed always as higt-aecs, and treated in all respects as a royal perse nage, yet, oil this time, clover, acute, Iei'-.t :ing and quick as lie was, he had not overcome the simplest difficulty of educar tion, and coc'd never either read, or write. It is surprisiig that he did not exert him self to obviate th:? detoct ; for he would affect to read, and would often pretend to be busily occupied over papers in the presence of others. ; Almost a monarch, Alexander Ment chikoff saw no bounds to his power ; his tyranny aad oppression advanced with it, till hosts of enemies sprung up around him where flatterers and friends were once seen. The Czar returned from one of his progresses to find that his favorite had aped him too far, and, for the first time, was startled at the extraordinary power he had himself created. No sooner did he begin to listen than accusations poured in against Mentchikoff's tyrannical government, lib extortions aud severities : amongst other things he was accused of having, by fraudu lent means, obtained a ruby of fabulous lvalue which had been presented to him by a mer chant to purchase. Peter contented himself for the present with seizing on the jewel, which was no other than the great ruby still shining in the Russian diadem, destined, per- | haps, one day to take take its place beside the Koh-i-noor. The scales which had fallen from the eyes of the ' Czar enabled him henceforth to see clearly all those faults which had hitherto been invisible to |him in the idol he had set up ; but, though he now saw, he hesitated to punish, and besides, hia hand was held back by a still more powerful attachment, and the pleading of the Czarina Catherine c«nld not be disregarded. Peter, however, ceased not to collect proofs of the crimes and misdemea nors of his late adored friend, and the tem pest would probably have burst on the devoted head of Prince Mentci 'koff, had it not been decreed otherwise. Peter the Great died suddenly. This unexpected event took place in seventeen hundred and fifty-fire. It appeared that no time had been given to the monarch to settle the succession. Mentchi koff was saved, and now fcH. that bis full power must be exerted to prevent *hr ' Mnce of future danger: ho must sounrn the eierral gratitude of the Czarina, by couarining her as ruler. His position as iield-marshal socurcd him the command of the army, and when the senators assembled at his residence, to deliberate as secretly as possible, he caused tho house to bo surrounded by troops, and then, appearing in his character of first senator and president, boldly proposed the Czarina as successor to the tk'one of Russia, lie represented all tho obligations the country owed her, and the known wish of the Czar Peter, as well as tho oaths they had already made, but the rest of ne senators were of a different opinion, and invited that the proper heir was the young Grand Duke of .Mos cow, Petjr Al-ixiowitz, son c? the unfortunate Princc Alexius. Mentchikoff replied with contempt to this proposition, and a violent altercation er sued, during which, one' of the senators advanced to op^i the windows in order to appeal' to the people. 'V l-'- continued.) 9 