Domestic Intelligence IPSWICH. We have received the North Australian of Tues- day last, and extract the following,— Public Meeting—Pursuant to notice, a meet ing of the inhabitants was held at the Police Office on Friday afternoon, to take into consi- deration the proposal of memorialising his Ex- cellency the Governor-General to appropriate certain portions of unsold land in the town for public objects. Lieutenant- Colonel Gray pre- sided, and the meeting was very respectably at tended. The following resolutions were pro posed, and adopted unanimously, viz. :—Propose by Mr. Benjamin Cribb ; seconded by Mr. Foot —"That, in the opinion of this meeting, it is ne cessary, for the present and future welfare of this town, that a memorial be forwarded, through the Police Magistrate, to his Excellency the Gover nor-General, praying that the following reserve be made for the benefit of the inhabitants, named a reserve of, say 100 acres, for a Public Par! and Recreation Giound, and u suitable reserve fo a School of Arts." Proposed by Mr. Henry Kil ner ; seconded by Mr. Patrick O'Sullivan—" That after the words ' School of Arts,' be added, also : reserve for a Public Hospital and Immigration Depot.'" The following gentlemen were than con stituted a Committee to draw up and obtain sig natures to a memorial to his Excellency the Go vernor-Gcneral, in the spirit of the above résolu tions, viz. :-Messrs. F. A. Forbes, H. ChalHnor and H. Kilner. The meeting then separated, at ter a vote of thanks to Lieutenant-Colonel Giaj had been passed for his oonduct in the chair. Ecclesiastical.—We understand that a letter has been received by a gentleman rcsi ling in till: town from the Rev. Mr. Wallace, in which tin writer states that it is not his intention to retun to Ipswich, on account of the ill health of Mr. Wallace. Boiling Down.—We understand that the ex periment made by Mr. Fleming in boiling down fat stock during the summer months has tiirnsí out satisfactory, and that the tallow is equal ii quality and consistance to that manufactured dur ing the winter, firavoral hundred head havo al read* been boikfl down, and have turned out well. The Saw Mills.—These mills are now nearly completed by Mr. Fleming, and it is confideitly expected that operations will commence on or about the first week in January next. A man named James Brady had been commit ted to take his trial, for stealing a horse, the pro perty of one Benjamin Cooper. BRISBANE CHRISTMAS RACES. There was a general holiday on Wednesday last, St. Stephens, or, as it is commonly called, " Boxing" Day ; the bulks and shops being closed, and the residents and sojourners of Brisbane milking their way to the Race Course, at New Farm. Hore there was a very large attendance of spectators, more numerous indeed than there was accommo- dation for in the way of refreshment, there being but one booth ou the course A steampr plied between the nice course and the town, and was crowded withjiassongers. First Rack. The Christmas Stakes, of 20 sovs., for atf untrained horses that have never won an advertised Race. Heats, once round and a distance. Weight, 10 stone. Mr. M'Donald's. Sir Harry,.. (Sullivan).... 1 1 " Collins' Cain.3 2 " Mr. Peacook's Jano .2 0 " Bush's Dan.0 0 Jane took the lead at starting, and kept it until near the straight run, when Sir Harry run a-head, coming in first by two lengths. Sir Harry and Cain alone started' for the second heat, which was won by the former. Second Race. The Tradesman's Plate, of 30 sovs., forall horses that have never won an advertised Prizo of more than £25. Heats, twico round, I Weight, IO stone. Mr. Peacock's HaiiharZarJ. " Thompson's Maid ot the Mist. " Peacock'^ Benelong ...,.._..',.. The Two first named' horses,..started for {nize,, and mude a close race^ of- the ieat, llaphnzard winnlnj by a Bhort space, the second heat, however.' the Maid did not to the starting post, und Haphazard walked Third Race. The Brisbane Pursf, of 15 sovs,,'for all trained hoi ses that hnve never won an ni tised Prize of moro than £10. Twice re one event. 'Weight, 10 stone. Mr. Thompson's Tommy, (Adam) . " M'Donald's Dandy.". " Peacock's Jane . At the start, Dandy jumped off to the load, maintained it, closely followed by Jane, until second time round, when he was collared and pass ed by Tommy, who won easily. Fourth Race. The Ladies' Pokïi:, of 10 sovs., for all un ti ed horses that have never won an adverl Prize. Heats, once round and a disto Weight, 9 stone. Mr. Wallace's Volunteer, (Lloyd) .... 1 " M'Donnld's Uandy. 2 " Peacock's Benelong. 3 " Young's Fanny . 0 " Alfora's Hotspur.« " Bush's Little John . 0 ,, Collin's Ginger. 0 Sîien horses ¡«farted for this race, which was by Volunteer, boating Dandy and Benelong. Fifth Race. The Con-soi-atiox Stakes, for nil heaton ho during the day. Once round and a dista one e\ent. Catch weights. ..¿Vize-Sai and Bl idle, value 7 guineas* Mr. Thompson's Maid of the Mist, . " Collins' Jerry. " Teucock's Benelong. For this race three horses started, and got n well together ; but on going round the set time, Benolong fell, an I, from the injuries oeived, died shortly afterwards. The rider seveie'v hurt. The race was won easily bv 3 of the Mist. * SixTn RAcr.. The Hurry Scurry Stakes, of 5 sovs., for untrained horses that have never won a r Heats, once round and a distance. Cn weights. Mr. Orr's Grey Jacket, (Ramsay) .... 1 Nine horses stai ted for this raie, and, as nsua IIui ry Si'iirrys, soon spread themselves over course. Grey Jucket won both heats easily. This completed tho day's races as fixed by progi amma, hut two moro races were got up tho ararle, as follows, Seventh Rack. The Steward's Purse, of £20, for all horses bona fide pioperty of Brisbane ro-ddonls the hist six months ; enrrving 10 stone, o lound and a distance. Mr. Warri's Groy Euglo (Mr. Wallace).. 1 0 -.' Collins* Cuin . 2 0 " Bush's Jack. 3 0 " Orr's Groy Jack " Boyland's Harkaway After Grey Eagle had won tho first heat, and 1 I come to tho starting post for the second, no otl horso answered the bell, end Grey Eagle v started, walking over for the neootid heat. Th however, caused some dispute, and eventually was agreed that Grey Eagle Bhouhl run thosecc beat again with Iiíb competitors, which he did u won that also. Eiomn Race. A Hurry Scurry for a sweepsfako amounti to £5. Seven horses were entered for this race, which was won hy Mr. Peacock's Jane. It will be seen that Ipswich bore away the bell from Brisbane on this occasion ; but surely no Brisbaneito Mill b°gnidge the Ipswich sportsin their laurels, which they fairly won and may fair wear. The day's sport went, off well, and ti neiden t before related was the only event th occuired to mar the enjoyment. The weather In boen olomly during tho aftornoon, but tho ra hold off until next day. THE NORTHERN EXPEDITION. The papers connected with the Exploratory expe- dition to the northward, under command of Mr. A C. Gregory, have just been issued from tho Gi vernment Printing Office. We select the follov ing copy of the Governor-General's instructions to the officer in charge :— To A. C. Gregory, Esq., No. 1. The North Aiutra'.im Expedition fitted out for the express purpose of cxplorin Northern and North-We>torn Australia, and prosecuting such enquiries as may be decmod connexion there« iib. No. 2. Having organised tho Expedition n Moreton Buy, you will bo conveyed to the Victori River, on the north-west coast of Australia, by vessel which will be prepared for tho purposo ; you will then disembark tho Expedí; ion, and snell supply of provisions as will enable you to kee the field dining the period yon will probably be occupied in completing the first stage of your ex plorations. No. 3. Another Buiallur vessel will accompany you us a tender, which" will reçoive such stores a you muy not want to carry with you on the firs Expedition, »nil will be placed at your disposal to awuit yonr roturn from tho interior, at such plací us you deem most desirable. Ha\iiig completed all noeessary arrangements yon will when ready to movoforwaid, proceed up the Victoria River, or by such route as the genera features of tho country may render advisable, st as to ponotrate inlund, in a southerly direction i nnd ende ivour to reach that part of the country where it is supposed that the streams tiendingto. words the Interior aro oither lost on desert plains or unitiiuc-form an inland sen, or rivor, communi- cating with the W. W. coast j always, however kooping in view the necessity of not exposing tho main body of the party to tho danger of an advance into a country .There its mainten.mco or retient cannot be secured. No. 4. The desire of Her Majesty's Govern- ment is, that y sive a knowledge of tho N.W. interior of the Contiuent as you possibly can, regarding the moro important features of the country, whether they consist of mountain ranges, desert«, inland seas, i ivers, or country available for settlement. You will, therefore, examine the country on eaoh side of the general route, ns fur as ciicumstanros will admit, oy detaching parties for this purpose. No. 5. The discovery of nn extensive pastoral territory, stretching into tho extra-tropical in- terior, would be of ino deniable advantage to the colonies of Sou h Australia and Snnn River, li- mited as both of them are in their gi azing capa- bilities, or if too dibtant to be practically available, such a territory would form a connecting link be- tween them, »nd so promoto thoir general welfare. Yon will, therefore, keep the ¡ittuininunt of this ob- ject stcudily in view, and also use jour utmost en- deavour.! todrcide the question as to the existence of mi inland rea of any magnitude, or ofany riven navigable for any distance into tho interior, hav- ing, of course, a due logard to the safety of your- self and of your p.irty. No. 6. It is not the desire of Ile Government to fetter your movements in carrying out these important investigations; the region into which i ou are to penetrate boing entirely unknown, you «.ill, ol' course, bo influenced in your operations by the mittlre of the wintry you may discover, and the facilities, or impediments, it may present to your progress. No. 7. Whilst ongaged in this survey, you will lay down with as much accuracy as possi'-le, the principal features ol' tho oountry through which you may pass, the direction and elevation of its mountain chains, tho oourso of its rivers, and the ohurnotor and capabilities of the moro depressed interior info which you may desoend, and you will make snob general' observations on the olmiaeter of the country as its nppearanco moy justify you in doing. No. 8. You will mote the number ofnative in- habitants with whom you may communicate, their manners, customs, and condition, and you will make collections of their war and hunting weapons, and of any other utensils or curiosities they may possess. No. 9. Having completed this, your more inte- rior Biirvev, and satisfied yourself as to the several points to 'which your attention has been attracted, you will return to the Victoria River by such new lino as may be open to you, and will give you the most extensive knowledge of the uouutry, ami tJm will communicate to me the result o'fyour invèUi«^ gâtions by any opportunity which niay occur, *?" No. 10. As it is possible thntvon the first or« inteiior expedition you may have ascertained i\\!M existence of a considerable river draining thA« western interior towards the north-west coast in 3 ' similar manner to the Mun ay, which serves u an outlet for the water of the" eastern interior may be advisable to extend the examinational towards the coast (should the Expedition not have been able to complete such investigation on ¡ti first journey,) and, if practicable, ascertain the in. ture of the entrance and facilities for iiavruittW Butas it is impossible to define iules for rour guidance under circumstances where eve» "tit rauin points are only conjectural, you will have to use your own judgment in carrying out the ob» jects of the Expedition in this respect. No. 11. Should nothing have been discovered' of sufficient importance to lead the partv to tin south-west of the Viotoria, you will make ar rangements with the Commander as to the time and place where you shall again meet, omi having received a Iresh supply of provisions, yoi will enter on the second stage of your exploration and, according to the original recommendation of the Royal Geographical Society, you will pro- ceed to examine the country between the Victoria River and tho River Albert. No. 12 In the prosecution of the survey, von will trace down any rivers you may intersect) mort» especially those falling northwards, or towards the sea, if they should be promising in their ap- pearanco, in which case you will ascertain tho na- ture of the country, and their practicability at their sea month's. You will also report upon the quality of the land in the immediate vicinity of the mouths of the rivers, willi leference especially to tho futuie establishment of townships at those points, and you will, therefore, notice especially any facts which may bear upon the healthiness of such sites, the probability" of a sufficient supply of water, &c.; You will examine the mountain ranges, and ascertain to whut distance they stretch into the interior ; and you will note down in your journal any peculiarity of appearanco or cbastruction they may present to your view. No. 13. It would appear that there is a pro- bability tliafàn elevated country lies between the meridian of l8 and 21 degrees south, and the pa- rallels of 135 and 138 degre«T> rected therefore to draw your particular attention to that locality ; since, if any high lands should he found to exist, they may present a more prac- ticable and preferable point, from winch to cross to the eastward or to the louth east, than the line pursued by Dr. Leichhardt, or any other nearer the coast; and if, in coming on any high H lands in the direction indicated, you should dis- cover any stream or river falling to tho south- ward, you will be at liberty to trace it, and en- deavour oither to connect your survey with that of Sir Thomas MitchellI on his Victoria River in latitude 24 and in longitude 144 degrees, or to eros» direct to the eastward in oidot to g.iin the western basis of the ranges dividing the interior from the coast. But I am to press upon you that, however important the discovery of a nearer, and better line of route to the eastern provinces ¡row the Gulf of Carpentaria would be, it'will require the extreme of precaution on your part, to push on this investigation, as it is more than probable you will encounter many difficulties ; should yon fail in discovering any new line, or be diaajipeinted in tho nature of the oountrv, you will turn north- wards, -Mid- will endeavour to find, inside of Dr. Leichhardts track, n shorter and more dil cet line ? of route to the eastward, so as to avoid and cut oil' the great c'ueuit that enterprising exploier was obliged to make in descending to the coast. There can ho ne quostion but that the interests of the eastern provinces and of commerce would be great ' ly promoted by the establishment of a practica- ble road between them and the Gulf of Carpentaria, insomuch that it is impossible to foresee the ex tensive and beneficial results to which it might lend in facilitating' our intercourse with tho islands in the China seas, Your s; are timo nouid there- fore be well and judiciously occupied by survey- ing the country through which such road would pass, and having satisfied yourself, as far as circumstances will permit, "as to the prac- ticability or impracticability of establishing any such line, you will direct your course ti» the Albert River, endeavouring to striko it on its upper urum-iicn, ana surveying ¡i .«..oSt.uy as you proceed down, with a view to ascertain the nature of the country in its neighbourhood, moro particularly of the Plains of Promise, and weather it possoseos the requisites for'a settle- ment, should it hereafter be thought advisable to establish one on its banks. Ne. 14. Having thus completed the second stag» of the explorations proposed, you will oither em- bark on board tho vessel at the appointed rendez- vous with such portion of the equipment of the Expedition as can be conveyed by sea, and return to Sydnoy, or should tho strength of the Hxpedi tion ¡¿ill'bo so far unimpaired us to render fartlur exploration piudent, you will bo at liberty to con- duct the party overland to the Bettlcd portion of New South Wales, either by ascending the Albert River, and crossing thence to the Victoria Uiver of Sir T. Mitchell, or hy such other route as may bo found practicable. "Should you return by sea, it would be very desirable that you should inspect and report upin the character of tho conntry in the ¡inmediato vicinity of Cape York, upon tie prospects afforded for settlement, the supply of water, &c;, nnd you will also examine Albany Is- land, with a similar object. No. 15. As you will bo held responsible for the conduct of this Expedition, it has been considered but juat tUut you should havo the selection of thoso on whose temper, firmness, muLnprspvarunce you yourself will have to depend. This rule has, ne- cessarily, been departed from, however, in the ap- pointment of the scientifio gontlomon to be em- ployed under you, who will be sent out from Eng- land for the purpose. No. 16. As there can he no doubt that yon will meet numerous and, porhaps, powerful and war- like tribes of natives in the tropical*regions through which you will pass, 1 am directed by his ExcolToncy the Governor-General to express his earnest hope, that you will use every means in your power to procure a friendly intercourse with them, and that you will not proceed to extremities without great and urgent necessity. His Excel- lency confidently relies on your forbearaiico, to these unhappy people, and trusts that you will preserve that distance between your men and tho natives whioh is the best security ugainst wy miaunderstandi ng. No. 17. You will bo accompanied by a botanist and a geologist, who will take the superintendence of those departments ; but it is expected that you will oauso specimens of natural history to be carefully procured and preserved, for which pur- pose you will have to employ a competent curator. No. l8. Yon will keep a register of the Uro motor and thermometer three times a day ; yea will note all utmospherio changos ; enter on the pages of your journal the results of any exjieri» menta you may make, and of all phenomena jot may observe. * No. 19. It is further thodosire of the Governor General that you take every precaution ln y°n' poner to secure the accuracy of the «"irroy, and sketch of the country through which you puss; that you verify your position by sequent observa- tions for latitude, and ohec* your ehronomotrm longitude by lunar observations as frequently as possible ; and that you ascertain, as well ns the means at your disposal will admit, the heights of the mountains, and the general level of the m torioivabovo the se». Anxious to make this en- terprise useful iii a Boientific us well ns in a com- mercial and geographical point of view, His Ex- cellency trasts that you will give that general su- perintendence fo tho scientific brunch of tho service, as wi/1 stimulate those under your com- mand to use thoir utmost endeavours to carry ont the wishes of Her Majesty's Govomment, and to add to the crodit of the enterprise. No. 20. His Excellenoy is nw^re, that thor» arc many duties you will be oalled on to porforra to whioh it is unnecessary to call your attention. These points ho loaves to your experience ana judgment, and I am to expresa Ilia Excellency s earnost hope, that yon may return in safoty ann success from your labours and researches. No. 21. Lastly, you will avail younelt ot ovory opportunity to communicate your P«>£J*r to mo for tho information of the Governor-«w Givon at Government Houte, Sydney, this Wth. Julv. 1835. ' ' ..._,%,ior\TJ (Signed) By His Excellency's (Signed) W, DENISON. I Command, ' I O.D.IUDDELI), | GROSS MISCONDUCT OF POLICEMEN -At the POLICE OFFICE, yesterday, the Rev. W. J. K. Pid- dington, Resident Wesleyan Minister, appeared before Messrs. Duncan and Kembal, the presiding Magistrates, to substantiate a charge of gross misconduct and assault, against two constables of the Brisbane Police, named Timmony and O'Con- nor. The reverend complainant deposed that on Wednesday evening last, between eight and nine o'clock, he was proceeding to the Post Office, when, "on passing the archway under which the lock-up is situated, the sound of blows, and of moaning, as if some person was in pain, attracted his atten- tion. He went under the archway, and found the defendants ill-using a drunken man —holding his hair and bumping his head against the ground until they stunned him. Witness remonstrated, and told the constables they should get more help and not ill use the man ; and he said he had a great mind to report them. O'Connor imme- diately caught witness by the breast, and shoved him along, while Timmony kicked him several times. He offered no resistance, and had only interfered for the sake of humanity. Mr. Henry Chambers corroborated complainant's state- ment that Timmony bumped the man's head on the ground three times, and observed that it was a ready way to make a man quiet ; and when Mr. Piddington threatened to report it, Timmony said "Who the devil are you ? I'll kick your--" ; and both constables then rushed at complainant, and kicked him into the street. Mr. Joseph Burley also proved the assault, deposing that both con- stables kicked the Rev. Mr. Piddington because he told them not to use the man so, when they were bumping his head on the floor, and that com- plainant did not speak to them until they were using the man cruelly. The Bench find the de- fendants one pound each ! ! ' Church of Exgi.asd S hool.-Last woek the ohtldren attending the Ohnroli of England School of St. John;a, iBrisbane, under tho direction of the , Rjv. Jir. Yeatman, underwent'a searchingevamina 1 dun in Geography,Grammar, Arithmetic, Bibloand Seoul.ir history, ,&e.;, and acquitted fhamsolves in ,iuch a m inner as to reflect much credit upon the ' Boliüjlm later, Mr. Warren. Prizes, were a\vai;d=d to Misters Brown, Douglas, Coley, Turner, J'«'vid L eon, ike, and to a great number of yoaiig ladies. "'Through tiioexortionsofthe Hor.-Air. Yeatman, '-ssiislol by the Indie-! of "his congregation, an '''iiinnlo repast J">l1 keen provided, of which the ciiiilron partook to their hearts' content, after which they proceeded to the open ground below tlio Wlridmill hill, where many of the gentry and 'lillies, pironts'aiid others, were assoiubled, and lioro buns, cake, and toa, were partaken of ; the list verset of Bishop Kan's Evening Hymn being simply and pleasingly sung, as grace beforo tea. Afterwards nuts, almonds, gingerbread, &e.;, wara run or scrambled for, and the children hay- ing heartily enjoyed themselves, returnod in procession at about 7 o'olook, to the School Room,* which was tastefully decoratod with evergreens and flags (the latter kindly lout for tlu occasion hy Cipt. Coley, and Messrs. Harris and Buckley). Thachildren who had made bostuseof the school- master's instructions-in the art of reading, re ' housed a small piece, previously learnt ; throe i priz3s being' then awarded to the' three best girls anil three to the boys. -An acldress was then ' delivjred by the Rev. E., Yeatman ; tho Evening ? Hymn was su'ig, and the party separated for the Christmas Beason, apparently very happy. The mothers of the congregation of St. John's have subscribed .Cao towards the foundation of a lend- ing library, for the benefit of tim Scholars. The Christmas "breaking up" ended with kindly feel- ing on all sides, and the Rev. Mr. Yeatman bus nlraidy, during his short sojourn in Brisbane, won the lovo and esteom of his young eo-igregntion. German Station Sabath School Examina tion.-On Thursday last a goodly number of per J sins, interested in the intolToctual progress of the rVing generation, as«ombled at the new chapel of the German S atio'i, to witness the examinition of the scholars attending the Sabbath school, prin- cipally composed of the children of the German settlersis. The examination was conducted hythe ltev. Mr. Piddington, of Brisbane, who, together ! with the numerous audience, felt highly pleased ' and satisfied with tho intelligence evincad by the pupils in answering readily the various scriptural .questions .put to thom, and tho vast aruojntand > correctness of Scriptures, Hymns, and Caticliism, Î committed to memory. Altogether tluy reflect- ed milch pro»l!l»-«»T-*I»aÎM.toonliiii.iv-i-l.»-^r-|.ilinl i. pally the eldest children, who have been brought ^'ap'and educated on the station, and are now spring- ing rapidly into man and womanhood. A ton party took place in the chapel in the evening, which was filled, for tho purpose of awarding Ïizes to those who h id host acquitted themselves. t wo'ild be pleasant to find such institutions for 'nivintaiiiing the ordinances of religion and edu- cating the young, established in our most populous neighbourhoods of Eagle Parra, Bulimba, anil Mog- gill, and thoso in tho vicinity of Ipswich. At 'Moggill there is a chapel in which services aro loguhirly performed j and it is to bo hoped its ' first school will soon be erected. It is remark- able, yet true, ihatthe temperance principle pre- vails so extensively at all those piucos, that no one has yet ventured to speculate in the public house line amongst them ; and there is not the remotest likühood of such, a templo boing esta- blished. The religions and educational iustruo . 'lion at tho German Station, for there is also a prosperous and numsrously attended day school, ii entirely upheld by tho voluntary principle, and this is a triumphant proof of its efficacy oven in the bu«.h. Gay.nd in.-The following loiter appears in the < Sydney Mommy Herald of the 8th instant: - Sir.-My attention being called to a letter in . vonrissuo of yestorday, signed "ATiovëTW Justice,* , COinillontimj vu thor (Vooly on tlio .f.P.'s who aro in the habit of attending the Court of Petty Ses- sions at Gayndah, and being one of that body, I think it may be advisible to set tho public right in the allusion "to (he cowardly attack" made on Mr. Halloran, C O.L., and P.M. The so-oallod "attack" was an inquiry in open Court, by a Justice of the Peace, in the habit of attending tha Beneli of Magistrates at Maryborough, about the prjprioty of Mr. Halloran "employing a con- stable" to drivo "cows," from the Gigoomgan Station, to " his (Mr. Halloran'«) residence/' a' distance of forty or fifty miles., 1 am Sir, yours, <6c, Wm. Humphreys. Sydney, 7th Dec. 1855. Port Curtis.-The Select Committee of the Legislative Council have brought up their Report on the subject of Port'Curtis. After hearing évi- dence, and examining documents, ths Committee have arrived at the following conclusions, for »Inch Uicy give their reasons:-1. That the creation of the office of Government Resident at Port Curtis by Sir Charles Fitz Roy was an error, which has already involved (he colony in a loss of ?werai thousand pounds, without any detcrmin. able public benefit. 2. That the gentlennn ap- pointed to the office was not peculiarly fitted for performing its duties, so us to promote the objects of the settlement. 3. That the appointment of a police magistrate lo the township of Gladstone would I* a aiifTicie-at provision for securing the «nus of justice, and the preservation of order at rori Curtis, under present circumstances, ¿in*. .' ?uI)P0S",ff ".'* change wore immediately ?n.ni'?1tl,(; capabilities of the district would hwe ir««.! .pha,lceof «'evclopment, and the pro ~U»ñ,t\ï p0rt woul(J btt in no re8I,ECt retaidwl. havt«lT,Urti.mt-,l,e 1,ort Cur,is establishments wie. !&', «» I",blic £22.535. The land »sie» nao rea zed fin 7on _k r . i .. fitness for his oflW l0 U'U' ÜU"níl1» Wednesday evening, here Afï&T;^ ? ance pf-visitors. Sr. Dcvoo $m0 ofe o i t» ShOI,'Alto0lT' at*!d hU df° CÄ°m mirth. Altogether the entorta nnùutg travo "rear .«t.sf«ot.o". The rain prevented >8 company »ow proceed to Ipswich!^ ^"V1 ** Tim Weather.-On Wednesday evm .atisfaetion. The rain prevented ^mSt from performing on Thul-sday evonlnWJthlv now prooeod to Ipswich. ""?=., and they Tim Weather.-On Wednesday evonin» tim ^ gave indications, which indeed bad M the tZB tVm?J,°-/PP'"oaching wot weather, a,J ibr a îri;?Lth0 ,a,rmere T0,,° nofc ''¡appointed doin in !nM?n ayii'Kl 3°stordaytbo rain has poured Wra1Z2: 2 Btfeftraa;. Tll° chnnff0 « tho tem 00 di T8.corTF<>nding, and instead of about . K, UOt ,:noom"10» »t thl« timo of the « (jj dog. l'uhrenoit. nf. s n>ni<,M, .."»*"".i".. year *bou't Zln-V?'*' ?' 8 oolook ïT^ tlltceeSks »,w? '" hF aheai]y &Q0U;°à «omeoï to t4 Lolmn v^0n,tIonmn who «"as proceeding hAulLt^T^',' -"»oW'8«» to return havehMnw,*Ji~i,1Vd,ow,l,« 'J,'tIe Deods brose Tilnev H . " tlm SuFeill8 Court.-Am Ssndgate, ^"iaj8bl1110' 3GP- J°*» Wilsford, of [r. id it,' «y ?Is he Another Candidate.-Mr. Clark L-viug, who' d- recently paid a visit to Moreton Bay, lins been ed canvassing the Northern Electors, and is likej.v to ig" become a candidate for the representation of either this County or Clarence and Darling Downs-tim latter conjecture being most probable, us this gen-, tloman lins large vested interests on the Rich- mond River. ' REPRESENTATION OF MORETON,>BuRNETT,'WlDB Bay, and Maranoa.-A requisition is in course, of signature by the electora of the above consti- tuency, and'has already received many names, calling upon Mr. Gordon Snndoman to offer him- self for election as a Member of the House of As- sembly. /' The Roxburgh Candwvtb-In a late num- ber we published the addiess of Mr. Cummings, to the Roxburgh electors, and expressed doubts whether the wlidie aflàir was not a hoax; but the manifesto again appears in the Bathurst Fiee Press, and die editorial article contains the sub- joined very lenient notice of the enliirlitenpd can- didate. " Respecting the county of Roxburgh we luvt lilli« t° S'ty except that,the Electors are in a discreditable state of somnolency. Mr. Cum mi'ng's rhetoric appears to have taken their brestli. Tiley are spell-bound, fascinated by the eloquencp of his periods and the force of his logic. Even Mr. Suttor stands aghast and says nothing, and the question begins to be gravely put-is the busi- ness of electioneering to degenerate into a huge. joke -a solemn farce P Have they made up their minds to intrust tbe^political destinies of their dist riet to* Mr.' .Cummings P Are they sitiified with hi? antecedents ? Di'they believe he pos- sesses the requisite quilifications? These are questions tlipy art- each and^ll bound to put to themselves and answer. From the wording of his address, it appears that Mr Cummings lias imposed upon h i nisei f the patriotic self-sacrifice which his position implies to ' save some persons great disappointment,' but having launched his birk upon the troubled waters of political conten- tion, Jie 'fears no (Unger.' Well, confidence is a great deal. Upon the doctrine of ' Nomineeism' ,-vlr. Cummings is sound, and his ' untiring exer- tions to alter and amend the constitution' would (mcet our unqualified approval. What a pity it is he cannot operate upon the constitutions of his constituents that are to be by some species of intel- lectual galvanism, and wake them from their slumber. Mr. Cummings lays in pathetic strain, addi casing the Electors-' Gentlemen, in such case, suffice for to tell you that I am no radical democratic ; therefore it is willi unblushing ef- frontery tint I could fill pages willi enumerating the defects which must be removed, Conseqiunlly it is not in the nature of ordinary mortals to do moro than is required of thom.' The cnnclusive ness of this reasoning '»»*»*«* our pen refuses its office. Suffice it to say, as we would say of every other candid ite-Mr. Cum ming's career is before the Electors, and it is for them to consider whether itolfers sufficient guar- antee for the honest and intelligent fulfilment of the heaviest responsibilities which can devolve upon mortal min " Tub River, Bar.-We have reason to behove that no active steps will be taken in the matter ol'clearing the chftnnel_t\nousli tlio ihm bar, until his.Excellency"the Governor-General shall have visited Moreton Bay, which will bo after the heal of the summer is past, and colder weather hiissetÎH. Some inquiries havo been made, wo understand, respecting a dredging machine which it is thought likely may be procurable at South Australia. At all events, it has been resolved not to sond to England for one, at present, moro es- pecially as the Govornor-General is not pledged to follow out the particular plan suggested by Mr. Grundy, and has lind other proposals under consi- deration, which he will decide upon nfter personal inspection. M British Army in Tun CituiEA.-Tn the e^trno under this heading, published in our fourth pigo llrig idier-General .Straubenzio is mentioned a ''since killed" This is nn error. It should be "since woundeJ," > i¿, at the taking of Serastopov Titr. GovERNOR-Gr.NERAL and Tim Council. The Gove) nment sustained a determined attack in tho Legislative Council on the 17th instant. On the motion of the Auditor-General that the standing orders be suspended, to admit of tho Annual Appropriation Bill passing through all its stages, a lengthy discussion took placo ut the in- stance of Mj> Donaldson, who moved nn.umend -uientf expiTsslveTbrthe regret of the Council at the lorms in which the Governor-General lind de- clined acceding to three severû recommend liions of Select Committoes, namely, on the Botanic Gardens, the Colonial Architects' Depa tment, and the Circular Quay. After most of the mem- bers had taken part in the debate, the amendment was negatived, and the original motion carried, by 22 to 17 ' Tub Privilege Caíe in Van DinviEVs Land. The Supremo Court of Van Diemen's Land has just delivered judgment in the case of Hampton versus Fenton, in favour of the plaintiff. It, will be remembered that Dr. Hampton, hilo Comptrol- ler of Convicts in Van Diemen'« Lund, was sum- moned to give evidonco before a Committee of the Legislative Council, and refused lo attend, wheio upon ho was arrested by the Sergeant at Arms, but obtained a writ of Habeas Corpus,' and "now proceeded ngninst the Speaker and the Sergeant. The arguments on either side, and tho judgment, w ere very elaborate ; the decision being against the Speaker's wa rant, on the ground that itoniit Í ted the right of jurisdiction on which the Speaker acted in issuing it. Appointment.-Christopher Rollosten, Esq., late Priva to Secretary to his Excellency the Governor Gencial, and i'ounerly Commissioner of Crown Lands at Darling Downs, lins been appointed Ro Efhirnr-Genornl of tho Colony of i\ew South "Wales. Dr. Lang.-On the arrival in Svdney of the news of the capture of Sevastopol, some gentle- men waited upon the Governor-General, ami re- presentad that it would be a proper occasion for the i please of Dr. Laug from the remainder of his term of imprisonment. His Excellency at once *e««Ud Uj the suggestion, and Dr. Lang"«as liberated, -tu» Doctor has since addressed a letter to the Herald, siïimtf-iiiut_b.«_iu.as.about_to pro- ceed ut once to Melbourne, to exert himselfTn "fa- vour of his son, whom lie still bplieved tobo wronged. In about a fortnight or three weeks, we understand, he expected to return, when he would immediately visit Moreton Bay. MURDER BY THE BLACKS AT WIDE BAY.—We con- tinue to experience the evil consequences of the ill advised reduction of the Native Police force. The Northern blacks are said to be extremely in- solent and threatening, and the Gayndah correspondent of our Brisbane contemporary now furnishes the subjoined particulars of the murder of Mr. Furber and his son-in-law, the former of whom had a narrow escape from death at the hands of the natives of the same locality about seven years ago, having been severely wounded with a tomahawk :—The unfortunates were a very respected man named Furber, and his son-in-law. They left Mr. Uhr's boiling down establishment early in the morning for the purpose of sawing timber, and breakfasted in the scrub with two other men, who worked within half a mile of them. This was the last time they were seen alive. At the dinner hour the two men with whom they breakfasted "cooed" several times for them to come to dinner, but receiving no answer, went in search of them, and soon found their mangled re- mains. The son-in-law must have been killed at the first blow, as but one mark on the side of the face is discoverable and he was lying under the han- dle of the saw he had been working. Mr. Furber seems first to have got a fearful tomahawk cut on the head, but seems to have fought most desperately, even after he received the murdering blow, for his hands were severely cut, and his shirt torn to rib- bons. The finishing blow was another toma- hawk out on the back of the neck, re-opening a wound made by the blacks some seven years ago. Three days after the murder our chief constable received orders to send down Mr. Marshall, with the remains of the Native Police ; but as he has to send some 60 miles before they can be put on the track of the murderers (some of whom I hear are known or suspected) eight or nine days will have passed over. Truly this is shameful. All the white population of Maryborough, or Gayn- dah for that matter, without any exaggeration, might be cut, drawn, quartered, roasted, and ea- ten, before the tardy assistance we might hope for could be got on the devils' tracks—thanks to such clever individuals as Mr. William Forster & Co. Further—a few days previous to the above, two men sawing about six miles from Marybo- rough, at a place known as the "Six Mile Creek " were attacked. The man at the top of the pit received a blow and bolted ; his mate got up to see the cause, and received a dangerous spear wound, and there are great doubts as to his reco- very. So much for the natives up here. —The above was intended for publication last week, but unavoidably excluded. The Sydney papers by last mail confirm the report. The name of the late Mr. Furber's son-in-law was Joseph Wilms- hurst. The correspondent of the Empire states that poor Furber's head "was literally clove in two ;" and he adds the following, as to the daring and lawless conduct of the natives : —"Incredible as it may appear, and as if to show their utter contempt of us, on the night they left in the boats in search, the blacks entered the house of Mr. Melville, in this township, and although three parties were sleeping in the room, took amidst them all the tea, sugar, and flour in the place, and decamped. On the following night they visited Mr. Uhr's establishment, clearing out his safe, and likewise his garden of all the vegetable pro- ductions growing therein. The following night a dray, encamped at this township, was robbed of eight bags of sugar, three of flour, besides several minor matters." ASSISTED IMMIGRANTS ACT.- This troublesome e enactment has at length been repealed, in acoord ance with a recommendation of the Immigration Committee of the Legislative Council. A copy of the short Bill repealing the Act will be found in another part of this publication. It was intro duced by Mr. Cowper, and had passed the third d reading. Dreadful Murder at Swan River. - The Western Australian papers report the murder of an old man named John Hurford, by his wife and a ticket of leave holder named Dodd. It appears that Hurford married a woman much younger than himself, who became anxious to get rid of him, and to get possession of about £2000 which her husband had. She first employed a ticket of leave holder named Dixon, to forge a will in her favour, and she next induced Dodd, by the promise of a horse and £10, to murder her husband while he was asleep. The crime was effected by throttling, the female accomplice all the time making a noise with a bucket of water, in order to drown the sound of any struggling that might occur, there being a man in the kitchen, asleep as she supposed, but in reality awake and listening. The body was interred without suspicion, but the woman failing to re deem her promise to Dodd, he confessed the crime to Dixon, who told it to others, and so it came to light, the woman finally confessing her guilt. She was hanged for the murder, as was also her accomplice Dodd. The prisoners wore defended on their trial, and the Advocate- General, in replying, used the following startling quotation from Shakespere, as tending to show the appearance of a corpse after strangulation, and as agreeing with J the testimony of one of the witnesses who saw iho body of Hurford after death. The passage occurs * in the second part of King Henry 6th, Act 3rd, I Bcene 2nd See how the blood ia settled in his face ! r Oft have I soon a timely parted ghost. Of ashy semblance, misngre, palo, ajd bloodless, if Boin!» all descended to the labouring heart ; , Who, in tho conflict that it holds with death, "* Attracts tho sanie for aidanco 'gainst the enemy Which with tho heart thoro cools, and ne'er re 3 tnrneth ' ,. To blush anil beautify the cheek again. But see, his facu Is black, and full of hloodi ; > Ilia eyo-balla further out than when he live'd, * II Bfarlng full ghastly > Uko a strangled man. f Ills hair uproarod, his nostrils strctch'd with strug r Sling; His hands abroad displayod as one that grnspsd 0 Anil tugg'd for life, and waa by strcugth subdued, 1 Look on tho cheeta, li Is hair, you soo is sticking ; |j His well-proportioned beard raado rough and ruggod, , Like to tho summer's com by tempest lodg'd. 6 It cannot be, but ho was murder'd hero ; The least of all those signs weio probable. 