EUROPEAN NEWS. _. [FROM! OUR CITY CORRESPONDENT.] London, Monday, May 14. The public are in a state of mingled hope, fear, and unsettledness. There are no less than three motions to be brought before Parliament, in which the people take a deep interest. They all refer to Administra- tive Reform, and of course to the conduct of the war. The first I shall notice is that of Mr. Layard, which comes on next week. It is in the following terms \- "That this House views with deep and increasing concern the state of the nation, and is of opinion that the manner in which merit and efficiency have been sacrificed, in public appointments, to party and family influence, and to a blind adherence to routine in public appointments, has given rise to grave misfortunes, and threatens to bring discredit upon the national character, and to involve the country in fresh disasters. The next and more immediate one consists of the following resolutions to be moved in the Peers by Lord Ellenborough. That an humble address be presented to her Majesty, To assure her Majesty of our continued support in the prosecution of the just and necessary war in which her Majesty Is engaged. To declare the sincere gratification with which we have regarded the perfect community or counsels between her Majesty and the Emperor of the French, and have seen friondUnesB established and increasing between the French people and our own ; events full of hope for the future to other nations as well as to '. Ourselves. . To express our admiration of the many deeds of valour by which the allied forces in the Em have illustrated their ore therhood arms, and our satisfaction that the brave army of Piedmont is now called to participate in their actions and in their fame. To declare our persuasion that, amidst all their disappointments, the people of this country still retain the generous feelings ' which led them at the commencement of the war willingly to place all the more a required from them at her Majesty's dis- posal that they will still protect the weak aginst the aggres- sign or the strong-and that they are not prepared to consent that Russia still, by her increasing preponderance, by control the Turkish Government as practically to hold Constantinople within her grasp]-. a To acquaint our 'Jrjssty that, while we admit and lament the privations to which was necessarily subjects all classes of the people, we yet venture to assure her Majesty that they would In \- ss Just a esme bjar those privations without complaint if they could feel that the war had been well conducted that the troops had not been exposed to any hardships which could have been avoided by forethought, and that everything had been done to enable them to achieve decisive success. Humbly to represent to her Majesty that her people, suffering (Privations on account of this war, have as yet had no such course- ciation that on the contrary, we cannot withhold from her Majesty the avowal of our conviction that the conduct of the war j has occasioned general dissatisfaction, and given rise to just come Blaints and that we most humbly lay before her Majesty our de berate opinion that it is only through the selection or men for e, public employment, without regard to anything but the public service, that the country can hope to prosecute the war success- fully, and to obtain its only legitimate object, a secure and honour i able peace. If carried, they both reflect on the Government and become tantamount to a vote of censure. ! Very great interest is taken in to-night's debate. The Morning Chronicle observes This evening the Peers will be asked to pronounce judgment upon a ?' question of vital interest to the country. It was not j lightly that one of the most determined demagogues s of modern days exclaimed, " Thank God we have a House of Lords !' The time is gone by when popular _ prejudice and passion could be concentrated against .'thatestate of the realm as a mere hotbed of obstruc- tiveness and corruption. If the Peers are somewhat ; exclusive as regards their " order," they are at least ' independent in their relations with the country. Else- where, Ministerial menaces may operate. The covert threat of a dissolution may coerce, or delusive pre" mises cajole, an assembly whose members depend for their political existence on the suffrages of the con- stituencies ; but the House of Lords, whatever its \- faults in some respects, is at least free from such vulgar j <' influences. It is, therefore, not a matter for surprise to observant men that the first step towards demands i pating this country from the incubus which political , corruption has generated, should have been taken in the Upper House of Parliament. The propositions \- which Lord Ellenborough is this evening to urge on the Peers are important in a double sense. In them I selves, they express a prevailing sentiment and a fixed determination of the public. Coming from the noble earl, they also indicate an impending party movement, " which may have the most important effect on the welfare of the nation." Let And again-" It is a singular incident, in a reform- ing age, to find a Conservative Peer coming forward to initiate a policy of Administrative Reform which a professedly Liberal Government, elected to office but a few months previously by the general acclamation of the people, had refused or delayed to sanction. The House of Lords, moreover-a circumstance which is scarcely less extraordinary have on this occasion taken the start of the House of Commons, We seem to live in an age in which all former rules become in- verted, and in which paradoxes are truths. The motion which Lord Ellenborough will bring to-night under the consideration of the House of Lords goes unquestionably to the roof of the evil. \- It breathes the most earnest determination to support the general principle of the war, as being now, -"at least, the inevitable result of the disruption of the Congress of Vienna. But his not less energetic in regard to the manner in which the war must be carried out, and not less remonstrant in regard to the manner in which our interests in hostilities have been hitherto discharged- The motion, in fact, embodies the conviction of the country, that we have reached a great ' crisis in the' history of the war. Before the negociations of Vienna were seriously contemplated by the Government before they were understood, at least, to have been so contemplated-there was a general expectation that the" national hopes for the fall of the \- Crimean fortress would soon be realised." The Sebastopol Committee continue to bring before the public evidence of the gross disorganization of the chief departments of public business. The most important of the recent evidence is that of Lord Hardinge, to whom it appears we are in debted for being able to go to war. Tuesday, 15th May. "Well, the motion of the Earl of Ellenborough, was brought forward last night, and the result was a majority for the Government of 110. His lordship's address, of course, referred exclusively to the state of the country and the conduct of the war. After rapidly tracing its progress for the past year-the glory gained by the army, and the want of success, the failure of the negotiations, which gave us the prospect of a protracted war-he proceeded to say that, ever since the accession of Lord Palmerston to office, there had been a torpor in Parliament. But while Parliament was in torpor the public were thinking, and they had come to certain conclusions, the chief of which was that individuals ought to be selected for employment on account of their fitness and not on account of favour. He could not say he was a convert to that opinion, for the truth was, wherever he had the power he acted upon it, and he was able to state from experience both its advantages and its dangers. He could state further, that the advantages were all for the public the dangers all for the Minister. This he was sure of that any Minister who attempted to act upon that principle would be sure to fall, unless he was sustained by the vigilant support of the people. He believed the people were determined now to support such a Minister, and that great public discontent had arisen because the Minister did not respond to the people. Hence had arisen a dangerous state of things, that individuals were acquiring great power with no responsi- bility-the men of the platform were overtopping the men of Parliament. He desired to restore Parliament to its proper place in public opinion-to place that House, especially in the forefront of the popular feel- England therefore he had brought forward this re , solution. In dealing with this question he wished distinctly to have it understood that he attacked only the Government and not the generals. The duty of the generals was to wield the weapons which the Government put into their hands ; but it was the duty of the Government to place the proper weapons in the ' hands of the generals. In one year of war Government had lost about 20,000 men out of between 60,000 and 60 000 men, and it was only within the last three months that the army had had the means of 'proving at all. His first complaint against the Go- alignment was, that the noble duke the late War Mr "mater had never had the proper power entrusted to "MOE nor were means taken to have it understood that his orders run paramount through all the departments. He then 'brjjc'é'Iaed to complain of the Government foresters iîrW>vj$iél8 of small draught of water into the Baltic, -iwhich'H.'imght have bombarded Cronstadt and ?_vfi5a"bö_rg, and commented with some severity upon the disregard shown to the feelings of Sir Charles "Na^ier^a__<'other officers, in dismissing them from ,lé_fímajíají'<;. With regard to the Eastern expedition, he -MS^'l'SftitjPP8 at Gallipoli and at Varna, but he considered the expedition to the Crimea as great an error in a^gJonaa£yr as it was in war. While our troops were .*ipf*»veft at ¡Yjsxna, Austria was encouraged to act 'against Rsusjia,»but no sooner had Austria begun to uRMre4îance',6tf'olir neighbourhood than the army was [wish? > .Sti$-rEffis9 afterwards were moved in the same manner, and from that moment Austria was _6Frií*r<rk and naturally refused to act with us. ^6,i»W,iWaj_¿d4bA Government for neglecting the war in Asia, and sketched out the plan of a cam .^Mfnrinvwhich: we might have brought the whole ,.Îorca^f«ttXiiKMtèjft>irçpire to bear upon the Russian -teooatvüt'A-i»! He then alluded to the sufferings of Vie he British army. He would not harrow the House with details which were already too familiar to them. He knew the defence would be to impute all these disasters to the system, but he said it was not the system. System was the common subterfuge for convicted mediocrity. Mediocrity succumbed to system ability dominated it. Lord Panmure treated this as a mere party move. Until the party opposite, to which the noble earl had now permanently allied himself, had gained the Treasury benches, he knew well enough that nothing would be right in their eyes. The resolutions, for the most part, were truisms ; most of them contained opinions in which all parties would agree. It was impossible for him, therefore, to meet the motion with a direct negative, and he would therefore meet it with the previous question. The noble lord had based his resolutions upon the assumption of the unfitness of the present Government, but it was remarkable that he had not pointed out a single instance of unfitness ; he contented himself with general imputations, leaving it to others to fasten them upon whom they pleased. Especially he asked whether it was wise to agree to a vote of this kind, which would settle nothing, and which would risk the steady carrying out of the conduct of the war ? With these feelings he begged to move the previous proposition. The Earl of Hardwicke condemned the whole progress of the war, both in the Baltic and the Black Sea, the only effect of which was to throw the Russian trade into the hands of Prussia and the Danubian provinces into the hands of Austria. Earl Granville commenced his speech by adverting to the prejudice now excited against the aristocracy by the administrative reform movement, of which Lord Ellenborough had that night put himself forward as the leader. Now, he had the misfortune to be a Gower-he was related to the Cavendishes, to the Howards and to several other noble families-and yet, with all these hereditary infirmities, accidental circumstances had thrown him more into connection with the middle classes, and into a position where he could appreciate their good qualities, than the noble earl opposite, who now came forward as the connect- ing link between the Conservatives and his friend Mr. Layard. He would remind the agitators of administrative reform that several members of the aristocracy were now at the head of mercantile and commercial undertakings; and, on the other hand, he reminded their lordships that the emoluments of office were insufficient to obtain the services of the more eminent members of the commercial classes. The effect of these resolutions would be to injure our position in the eyes of Russia and Germany, and most of all in the eyes of our ally, France. The Earl of Derby commenced his speech by an elaborate disclaimer of any intention, by this motion, to censure the military commanders ; the censure was directed against the Government alone. He went over, at great length, the defective arrangements made for the troops in the Crimea during the winter, the facts of which, he said, were not denied by the Government. It was said great improvements had since taken place : but he must remind them that these improvements might have taken place in October as well as in April. Lord Panmure complained that no special instances of unfitness had been singled out. All he could say in reply was, that if the right men were in their right places, they did not do their work in the right manner for there was not a single department in which there was not confusion and mismanagement. While he refused to be responsible for all that Mr. Layard had done, he warned the House that it was not safe to disregard the significant phenomenon of men engaged in commercial pursuits leaving their ordinary affairs to take part in political affairs. It was not safe for this House to encourage the feeling that this House neglected the affairs of the country, and I that there was no hope for the people but in their own | agitation. He did not concur in all that was said at the London meeting. It was said great improvements had been made within the last three months, but it ought not to be forgotten that, with the exception of the War Minister, the Government was the same as it had been when all the evils occurred. In conclusion, he stated that, while he should regret if the success of this resolution should remove the present Ministers, still he could not admit that the state of the country was such as to deter him from accepting office if it were offered him now, as he had three months ago. The Duke of Newcastle characterised the opening speech of Lord Ellenborough as the weakest that a nobleman had ever delivered in the House. He then entered into a lengthened defence of his administration at the War Office, denied that he had ever expected Sebastopol to fall by a coup de main, and showed that he had provided for most of the wants of the army, though unforeseen circumstances had thwarted his endeavours. In conclusion, he reminded the House that the war was pressing with still greater force upon Russia than upon us, and that there was therefore no reason for despondency. The Marquis of Lansdowne said it was plain this resolution was mainly directed against Lord Palmerston. He reminded the House that in every war this country had been engaged in since the Revolu- tion the first year was unsuccessful, and to a degree infinitely greater than the present war had been. He stated, as a curious fact, that in the first expedition of Marshal Schomburgh, which was planned by King William, there were precisely the same complaints, even to the want of clothing and lasting, which were now urged in respect to the Crimean army. He asserted that it was a popular delusion to suppose that there was any reserve of talent in this country which was prevented by artificial means from finding its way into the Government, and he contended that the Government had done its best to recruit its ranks from every possible quarter. With regard to the conduct of the war, he asserted that the Russians had suffered ten-fold what the allies had done and he cited a return which, he assured the House, was obtained from the highest authority, stating that, previous to the death of the Emperor Nicholas, 177,000 men had died, and since then 70,000 more had perished making a loss to the enemy of 247 000 men. He added that there was no step which we had taken through the whole war, which was not either suggested or approved of by our invaluable ally. The Earl of Ellenborough replied, after which their lordships divided, when there appeared a majority for Government of peers present 44-proxies, called for on the Government side only, 66 ; majority altogether, 110. The House then adjourned. And thus ended this remarkable debate, which has kept the public, high and low, rich and poor, in a state of agitation for days. There is yet Mr. Layard to come. The former is the one grand subject of discussion to-day in print and verbal conversation. The Chronicle observes The crowded state of the House of Lords last night attested the deep interest inspired by the promised motion of the Earl of Ellenborough. Whether those who listened to the debate were attracted by their hopes or by their fears there could be no doubt as to the extent or nature of the excitement produced by the anticipated struggle. The Earl of Ellenborough, whether doing the work of the Nation, or only of the Tories, at least did that work well. We question if there be any other member of the House who could have headed the charge with so much dash, and yet with such cool precision. into his elaborate criticisms on the errors which he alleges to have been committed in the military management of the war it is not necessary now to enter, because, however able in themselves, they were only indirectly connected with the real question which agitates the public mind. The practical sense of the people of this country teaches them to let bygones be bygones,' and rather to seek guarantees for the future than to inflict punishment for the past. Mistakes, at the commencement of such a war as that in which we are now engaged, were almost inevitable, after a long period of peace. The public, recovered from a first astonishment that the national arms should not have proved so triumphantly successful as the national flatterers promised, have arrived at a conviction that there were radical defects in the system, which ought to be remedied by resolute men, relying on a generous support from Parliament and the People. The disposition of the public mind is rather to look forward than to return on the past-to seek a remedy rather than a revenge. That our affairs have been mismanaged is beyond a doubt hew are we to profit by experience, and preclude such mismanagement in future ?" The Times begins its comments thus,-" The intentions announced last night by Lord Ellenborough were in all respects meritorious, to restore to Parliament that influence which it ought to possess over the public opinion of this country to place the House of Lords in the front of the battle for the rights of merit and for administrative reform to assure the Crown of the fearless determination of Parliament to give its active support to the war, while it lays bare the causes that have hitherto increased our sacrifices and impaired our success. These were objects worthy of a great orator, a great crisis, and a great display of political excitement. Never was the House of Lords more crowded, never did a more brilliant audience throng the galleries or besiege the bar, never won public curiosity more excited ; yet, in spite of all these announcements, of all these preparations, and of the tiptoe avidity of the public, we are constrained to add that the debate in no degree realized these expectations, and the large majority which negatived Lord Ellenborough's resolutions expressed the opinion of all who listened impartially to the debate, and of all, we believe, who will read the report with similar impartiality this morning. The most brilliant audience in Britain was, indeed, kept for above an hour suspended between platitudes which no one could contest, and paradoxes which no one could believe and we suspect that most of those present retired with the melancholy conviction that, although the country may be sorely in want of a powerful War Minister, that heaven-born statesman is not to be found in the accomplished orator who had commenced the discussion. Nor was Lord Derby more fortunate. Brilliant as usual, his speech failed to convince his warmest admirers that he was sincere in desiring the administrative reform which he affected to advocate, and he must have borne his friend's defeat with more even than his ordinary resignation." The Herald says-The great battle of the day-the conflict in which the people of this country are arrayed against a plotting and incapable family clique, now holding the Government of the land commenced last night in the House of Lords, and never did that assembly present a more imposing and animated appearance. The champion who came forward to do battle in the name of the English nation, is a man armed at all points for the encounter. This base prostration of power cannot continue much longer ; its death knell has been tolled throughout the land and if the aristocracy stand up in its defence their own rights must be imperilled by such a dangerous and absurd proceeding. "I call upon you to place yourselves in the front of the people," said Lord Ellenborough, in moving the address, " to show yourselves the faithful interpreters of public opinion." In thrilling words he invited his fellow peers to maintain manfully their legitimate position to show themselves worthy descendants of those great men whose services proved of inestimable benefit to the community at large, and led to their elevation. The fatal system of including the ablest men from the various departments of the public service, which has of late years been pursued by an ungracious section of the aristocracy, actually perils the existence of the order. These men, so devoted to family interests, in closing their ranks against an invigorating in- fusion of genius, energy, and enthusiasm, have provoked the resentment of the nation, and raised a dangerous agitation throughout the land. The noble earl, with nice discrimination, pointed out the innumerable errors and disasters that have accrued from the mismanagement of the Eastern war, and which showed that those who occupied the higher offices of Government were unfit for the position they cling to so tenaciously. He proved that there had been nothing but blunders and errors from beginning to end. The Coalitionists blustered when they ought to have acted and when they did act rushed blindly into danger. They had been lavish of public money in cases in which they ought to have been thrifty, and they were parsimonious when it was their duty to be liberal. They had thrown away thousands of pounds on careless officials; they would not raise the bounty to the militia, not provide for the comfort, nor even the safety, of our soldiers and sailors. They sent a fleet to the Baltic without gun-boats or troops, and having first raised the expectations of the country, found they could not be fulfilled from their want of foresight and precau- tion. They launched an army in the Crimea without means of transport, and abandoned it in front of a for a midable fortress, and in the presence of an overwhelm- ing force, in a state of utter helplessness and destitu- tion. They lost the chance of making Austria a firm ally (if such an event ever could be accomplished), and by their absurd schemes almost compelled her to embrace the cause of the aggressor. They refused to aid the gallantTuskishforce at Silistria ando the banks of the Danube, and they have since transported it to Eupatoria, where its efforts cannot serve the cause. They have portioned out the offices of the Government between two or three families, the members of which, instead of being distinguished for commanding ability, are notorious for their love of place." The Daily News says-" The Peers have negatived Lord Ellenborough's motion. Seventy-one votes were recorded for, and one, hundred and eighty-one against it. We should be shy in affirming that all the " Con- tents are in their hearts friendly to administrative Reform ; but we are thoroughly convinced that all the " non-contents" are sincerely opposed to it. The anticipations raised for some days past regarding Lord Ellenborough's motion had drawn together a more than ordinary concourse of anxious and curious listeners,, who thronged every gallery and niche where strangers are permitted to seek standing room in the Upper Parliamentary Chamber. Great things were expected, of the noble Earl. The occasion was recognised as one long sought for by a dexterous and daring debater. It was the long coveted war-horse, whose mane was at length grasped by an Arab rider. Nobody felt quite sure what direction exactly he might take, or whether in the heat and excitement of onslaught he might not perchance commit himself too far. But perhaps the only prognostic which was not made by somebody was that after gaily vaulting into the saddle, and gallantly starting on his course, the war-chief of opposition should in the space of an hour come cantering home without having engaged after all in any very serious fray. As he was pointedly reminded by his antagonists who followed him in debate, he seemed, after challenging the whole ministerial array, cautiously to avoid engaging in any conflict of a personal nature. His inculcation of the Government were general, and he carefully abstained from specifically censuring any particular appointment, civil or military. The Post says-" From any man but Lord Ellen- borough we should hardly have expected the speech of last night ; we should hardly have supposed that the laboured and high-sounding resolutions which he proposed would have been ushered in by the bitter and acrimonious personal attack of which he was guilty ; we should hardly have guessed that the enthusiastic feelings for the French alliance which commence those resolutions should be accompanied by a violent tirade against the Statesman to whom we owe that alliance that the regrets for the disasters which have befallen our troops, with which they close, should be proved and justified by a fierce onslaught on Lord Palmerston, who has in three months retrieved those disasters, and made the army what it is-who has, by his energy and determination given us once more a British army of which we may well be proud, and is losing no time in introducing those improvements in the management of its details which will consolidate, strengthen, and preserve it. But we are too well used to Lord Ellenborough's eloquent eccentricities to be surprised even at his indulging in these illogical illustrations, and conjuring up the ghost of a Wellingtonian saying in support of his own opinion. The majority of one hundred and ten may be taken as sufficient evidence of the force which the noble lord commands even with such potent auxiliaries as the former sayings of a Great Duke, which have certainly been put to hard service, and the former doings of himself, which are not quite so often quoted. The Peers seem to have thought that facts, as they stand, are a stubborn answer even to the grandiose oration in which Lord Ellenborough proved a good deal which was well enough known already, dilated on more which was of no earthly use to any point under discussion, and certainly never disproved what is the real point at issue-that Lord Palmerston took up the Government when no one else dared touch it-when Lord Derby acknowledged his inability to deal with it when Lord John Russell admitted the same incapacity-and that he is now carrying it on, not with the torpor which his opponent attributes to him, but with activity, vigour, and success." Friday, May 18th. The majority obtained by the Government, on Monday last, in the House of Lords, on Lord Ellen borough's motion, proves to have been less decisive than appeared from the numbers. It appears that the Government majority was composed? of three-fifths of votes given by proxy from absent members. The Opposition were ignorant of the intentions of the Government party, and did not, on their side, call for the like. The Government are to be again attacked next week by Earl Grey, Mr. Layard, and Mr. Milner Gibson. The former is in the Lords, but the Government will have the support of the Earl of Derby, the head of the Opposition; of this his Lordship has given public notice. Earl Grey wishes to pledge the Upper House to a disgraceful peace. Mr. Gibson's motion in the Commons is of a similar character. They both come on on Monday next. On Thursday next, the 24th, Mr. Layard's motion in the Lower House on the great question of Administrative Reform, will be brought forward, and great interest is attached to the subject. According to annual custom the Lord Mayor, no E Sir Francis Graham Moon, baronet, late stationer and print publisher of the City of London, entertained the whole of her Majesty's Ministers at a grand banquet. As usual on such occasions, the Cabinet Ministers present indulged their auditors with a sweet dish of small talk composed of ambiguous observations respecting the war, which comprised a deal of betting. The death of Captain Christie, R.N., is announced. The Government have thrown all the blame of the I mismanagement attending the transport department on his shoulders, and at the same time refused him a court-martial which he demanded, and which, according to form, was promised. His death has been occasioned by his taking too much to heart the slur attempted to be thrown upon him, but for which, it is well known, he was not to blame. The wily policy of Russia is at length unmistakeably apparent. Craftily and secretly has she pursued her course for the last eighteen months, and most completely has she-how shall I express it, or how adequately designate it, unless by using a common and most certainly a vulgar, but unquestionably most expressive term namely, humbugged the Western Powers. The game of fast and loose appears to have been carried on with extraordinary zeal on all sides, but it is evident that Russia has no intention of making peace-indeed her position would not justify her in doing so, for we have not humbled her yet. The news from the Crimea shows that the advanced posts of the Allies are but fifty yards from those of the Russians. Several sorties had been made and re- pulsed. There has been for some time past stalk of the recall of General Canrobert, but he has, it appears, anticipated the orders by resigning the chief command in the Crimea in favour of General Pelissier. It is to be inferred from this that more energetic adoption will be adopted by the French. Count Nesselrode, the Russian Minister, has resigned and Prince Yermoloff has been appointed his successor. Saturday, May 16. I have to-day the pleasure of sending you a copy of the Constitutional Bills of both New South Wales and Victoria, with the alterations it is proposed to make in them. The intended omissions in the New South Wales Bill have reference 1\. "That all such laws being passed by the said Council and Assembly, and assented to by her Majesty, or assented to in her Majesty's name by the Governor of the said colony, shall be valid and bind- ing to all intents and purposes within the said colony." 2\. Has reference to bills affecting Imperial subjects. 3\. What bills may be reserved for the signification of her Majesty's pleasure. 4\. Question as to Governor's right to reserve a bill, or of her Majesty's right to disallow a bill, to be determined by judicial committee of Privy Council. 6\. Bills presented to Government for assent. 6\. Disallowance of bills assented to. 7\. Reserved bill not to have force until Governor shall signify her Majesty's assent thereto. 8\. Entry of message or proclamation notifying dis- allowance of bills, or assent to reserved bills, to be made in journals. 9 and lastly. Governor in certain cases to conform to her Majesty's instructions. The ceremony of presenting the Crimean medal to the officers and men engaged in the battles of the Alma, Balaklava, and Inkermann, passed over yesterday with great eclat. The scene presented in Hyde Park was a most interesting and imposing one. As the ' heroes,' officers and men, passed her Majesty, they each received from her hands a medal, with a few words most heart-stirring to them. Her Majesty expressed the feelings of the people to the brave de defenders of the country. After the ceremony, the men and officers proceeded to Buckingham Palace, and were regaled with the " roast beef of Old England," liberally and freely, with the accompaniment of " plum pudding" and " brown stout." In the House of Lords, last night, Lord Panmure made a long statement of the reforms which the Government , proposed to introduce into our military administration. It was proposed, in the first place, to abolish the office of Master-General of the Board of Ordnance altogether. The Ordnance consists of two departments, one occupied with matters which are purely military, the. other with matters of a civil character. The former includes the command of the Royal Artillery, and the Royal Engineers, both of which it is proposed to vest in the Commander-in Chief of the army. The civil department will be vested in the Secretary of State for the War Department, who will have under him a chief civil officer, with a seat in the House of Commons, in order that he may be there responsible for all that is done in the civil administration of the army. He proposed in the new arrangement to place a naval officer in connection with the Director-General of Artillery, who would be charged with superintending improvements in the naval gunnery of the country. He further intended to establish a department which should have the superintendence of the whole public contracts made for the army or Ordnance, and he proposed to place at the head of it a commercial gentleman who had the confidence of the commercial world. A superintendent of clothing would be appointed, which would do away with the board of general officers. The noble lord then pointed out that the various heads of departments should also be in constant communication with the Secretary of War, in order that they might intimately know each other's opinions upon all matters coming under their jurisdiction. The enlistment for the Foreign Legion does not go on so well as the Government would doubtless wish I notice that the Morning Chronicle (City Correspondent) notices the exhibition of Australian produce at the Paris Exhibition. As perhaps you like to know what he says on the subject, I subjoin his remarks: " The Exhibition now opened in Paris for the display of useful works of art and the natural produc- tions of the world is of a character eminently qualified to afford much valuable information. It is the fourth of its kind, and, it is therefore reasonable to suppose, embodies the perfection of its predecessors with some peculiar novelty of its own, calculated to render more beneficially and practically useful the object for which it is designed, namely, to bring within the scope of every man's vision the natural productions and manufactures of many countries, and thereby afford information of the progress and present state of each, and their several means to supply his wants, whether they have reference to trade and commerce or private requirements - thus enlarging the scope of his observation, and imparting an amount of knowledge not to be otherwise acquired without great expense and the devotion of much time and exertion. By the enterprising man of business, a collection of the arts and manufactures of every civilized country thus brought together must be appreciated. It brings at once prominently to his notice a comparative exposition of the perfections and defects of each, and introduces to his view many means of increasing his business, either by the introduction of improved or entirely new articles of consumption for which he well knows when and where to find a market. We need not enlarge upon the subject ; it is sufficient for all practical purposes merely to remind merchants, manufacturers, and others of the facilities thus offered them to improve and increase their present business, to ensure their attention to the subject. We will, however, give one illustration of the advantages which an exhibition of this kind is likely to present to their view by mentioning, with reference to the produce of the Austra- Han colonies, with which the trading operations of the mother country are now so important and extensive, that in the article of hardwood alone there are no less than twenty-two specimens exhibited, many of them supposed to possess the essential of durability in a very high degree ; twelve are declared to be suitable for turning or other manufacturing purposes and sixteen represent woods of considerable beau ty, for cabinet and other ornamental work. Mr. Moore's collection includes the beautiful Moreton Bay express the oxlpyd of the same district, producing a brilliant yellow dye from the heart wood, and a red dye from the bark ; the pine tree, and others. A kind of dog- bane is in his collection, which has a bark more intensely bitter than the Peruvian, and is supposed to be otherwise of the same nature." He finally gives an extract from the Sydney Morning Herald, in reference to this subject. Now, having said this much for the Australian colonies and their products at the Paris Exhibition, let me say a few words on behalf of a very humble individual myself. I am about to ask a trifling favour but stop-no, I do not ask-I merely throw out a suggestion whereby they may confer a pleasure on me. Thus 1 would observe, if any of the colonists think I have been the means of imparting interesting, important, or useful information to them, or have pleasingly beguiled an hour of their attention, will they be offended if I remark that they can with facility, and without expense, confer on me a pleasure in return ? I must observe for their direction that I am a great lover of orchidaceous plants, and if in their rambles in the bush, or in an evening's street, they should come across any plant of the kind possessing handsome flowers, I should esteem it a favour, and it would confer on me a great pleasure, if they would remember the " City Correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald," extract the plant from the rock or tree it may be found growing on, and forward it to me. But here, however, I must observe, lest I be overwhelmed with charges for freight, that I trust they will not do so unless they know or can find some kind, good-natured fellow of a captain to take charge of the plant and bring it to England free. Doubtless some one will be found to do this favour for a brother sailor for so, in truth, I have been, in the prophetic words of an old gipsy woman, delivered when I was but a child of ten, I have " Governed men, and ruled the pen." If any of your numerous readers think that I am a regular brick," I may hope to find that this pleasure has been granted me. Any of the educated or experienced gardeners and florists of the colony will be able to tell them what an Orchidaceous plant is nous versions. The market for the English Funds is buoyant. Consols are 99, The Scrip of the New Loans is If to 10s premium. Australian Land, Bank, and Mining Shares are steady. I enclose the current prices of each. _»_ 