SYDNEY. The Operative, weekly paper, has, like too many of our Victorian journals, given up the ghost. The following is its last leader, from which it would appear that its end was not so serene as could be wished :— Much to our regret, we have to an- nounce that with this issue ceases the existence of the Operative. To accommodate for this, we must in justice to our- selves lay the following facts before the public. In June last the printers in the Government Office struck for wages, they were receiving remuneratioi their labour at a smaller rate than t of any other. class of operatives. T printers made an appeal to the woet men of Sydney, which was responded and for their assistance a movement made to establish a newspaper to a cate their cause and the interests of whole of the working classes. It was finally resolved that a fund should be created by shares, of one pound each, limited to four hundred shares, but afterwards was unlimited the shares to be paid by a deposit of 10s on each, and on two calls of 5s each to be paid monthly. In September the limited number of shares being all taken up, it was re- solved to produce the paper on the _ of October—previous to which time however, the majority of the printer went back to their work in the Govern- ment office—their interest in the Opera- tive died away before the first number appeared, and with two exceptions, _ of that class (the printers) for which benefit it was projected, deserted SHowever, the directors elected a list er, who procured an office and tised for estimates for printing the t rative. We tendered for the work, were elected by the board of dre to print the Operative newspaper e six months. At the end of the fourth publi the publisher had not sufficient fund pay for the.issue; the directors inq into the matter and found the pub wanting-he was discharged. Bat evil was done. The directors ad our bringing out the paper until a ing of the shareholders could be On the following Friday e the shareholders met, and mously resolved to continue the but made no provision to defray r expenses, and for that weeke's issue received no payment. It was suggested by a gentleman printer, of the Directors, and the Hon Chairman of the Board, also a p that the shareholders should purchase e establishment of their own;, but had no funds in the treasury, and in debt to ourselves for two weeks' i d while we held the contract for p ° the paper for six months. This was all the other brilliant suggestions of f honorary printer-Chairman. At the end of the following week shareholders again met, and onthis'' sion the Directors took pains to imp upon them that they were insolvent. that the Operative must be disce if something was not then done. E anxious to get out of the difficulty, offered the material to the shaieho on what was eonsidered very ad ous terms to them, but they did show any disposition to speculate. It then proposed to take the paper off the hands, with all its liabilities and risks they would guarantee the payment Sth hIce than dac, which amounted over two hundred pounds, and united support of themselves and class. This being all understood agreed to, we commenced printing publishing the Operative on our responsibility. The books of the es- tablishment, when handed over to were in such a confused state that it impossible to form any idea as to real position of the business. This was not a single route of subscribing made out, no ledger occount, and every- thing looking as if bringing matters this crisis had been pre-meditated and acted upon by the former published since that time we have issued the Ope- rative weekly at an average loss of pounds per week. Oat of two hundred pounds of the shares due, we have re- ceived about twelve pounds. We have issued the Operative for three months, at an outlay of about fifteen hundred pounds ; we have found to our loss, that the people whose terests we have advocated, and promised us their support, has not given it. The propagan of the organ have deserted those, who were loudest in t speech, and in haranguing the work classes, that they should defend the menaced rights, have, in the hour need, proved recreants and cowards, and in the meanest and most contemptible manner, shuffled the onus of their acts upon ourselves, ensuring a failure when by a very little temporary pecu- niary assistance the project would have been entirely successful, and secured them and the people a thoroughly demo- cratic, firm, and sympathising advocate We have done all in our power, strained every nerve, to carry it through. but we are compelled to give it up. We have had numberless difficulties to en counterbesides those of apecuniary na ture, To instance them:-The greater portion of our subscribers, among the operative classes,'res'de in such out-of the-way places, that it is impossible for our runners to find them, and when they do, there may be only three or four in a district that requires half a day to find out and deliver the paper. This has been a great source of annoy ance to us, and has cost nearly more m:mn- than their subscriptions, if paid, would amount to. Hundreds of names have been put down as subscribers, but at the close of the quarter we learn that they never authorised it. Advertise ments have been inserted by the former publisher that are denied having been ordered. Among the great operative classes, the bone and sinew of the Anti podes, the gigantic levers of progress in the world, we have four hundred sub scribers, yet they promised five thou sand ! and it is questionable if one- half of those will ever pay their subscription. From the foregoing it will be seen, that if the newspaper we have lately conducted has failed, it was not through a want of energy or proper attention on our part, but owing to the withdrawal of promised support and insufficiency of our slender resources without the aid that was pledged to us. It is with deep regret and mortification that we retire into silence, impressed with the idea that those who will not contribute to the life of their organ cannot be aware of the necessity of its existence. But time will prove that their eyes are as blind as their judgment is defective, and they will bitterly repent the miserly de sertion and consequent loss of their advocate. To our well-wishers we say good-bye, not willingly tnu hopefully-for Time, in its changes, may bring us again before them, when we may not depend upon such uotten reeds as we have had to do with for failure or suc cess. 