. rv THE ' MEN: FOR THE l- UTUltE. , I BY.TUK :OIJ) aiIKl'KEUD. ; I I suppose it ia determined upon,.by this.time, that t nro to have.» rcpresentntive government. I have n seen a nowspoper. for ó fortnight, for they tell mo tl Munter is up, and postmasters'-have not yet renelle that stngo: of civilization when mon discovers that it possible ¡to : cross, ian. unfordable stream by,-means of boat; still I can safely;prosume.that ot tho. preset moment it is known throughput New South Walos-i other words, politically speaking, throughout Sydney that our Now Constitution has become the law of th laud. . .; : .Did you ever, dear render, after months of restlos anticipation; after combating the objections of you i friends, and tho fears 'of ymir female relatives ; aftc I your passage money was irretrievably paid down and th ; receipt in your pocket; your outfit repacked, positive] I for'the last timo, and securely locked up and tightl corded down in your trunks-did you ever, I sny, beg! j to feel, that yon wero actually, "and unmistakably o: the verge of your first loiig voyage? Do you* no remember'how, when you had arrived at that lou¡ looked for realization of your most sanguino hopos, th fulness of joy you had imagined would havo been with out a cloud became of. n sudden overcast? Have,yoi forgotten tho vnguo misgivings that then presenta themselves for tho first - time ;> tho dim undeflnci forebodings that rose up unbidden, like Bonquo's ghost and tho longing, lingering look you cast behind at tin peaceful lifo you wero about to exchange for a dark om uncertain future? lint you had gono too far. to turi back : you tore yourself . away . from all. your ? enrh associations, and with swimming eyes and throbbin* heart hurried on to your destiny. Such is the caso will us now. Our day-dreams have become fulfilled ; tin independence wo so long puntod for has at lengtl become a tangible fact: but now, when wo hove the summit of our wishes within our reach, wo involuntarily draw back anil pause irresolutely. What, are our rea; prospects when deprived of the deceptive hues thai distance has lent them? How are we fitted to emborl in an undertaking, that seemed such n small mattel while it was yet far off? Where aro tho statosmeu wt shall require, gifted far above tho ordinary stamp, fm they have to originate, and not morely to continue a system that other men havo begun? Whoro is-, the people, of whom they are to be tho exponents? Before wo attempt to answer these questions, let"us first see whut materials we have in our hands, out of which to mould tho future, Thero cnn' bo no difficulty, it moy bo said, in finding statesmen, for wo have already a housefull ol ready-made ones to begin with-men of weight and experience, and of, whom it is only common justice to admit that they havo given us no renson to believe they will bc prevented by' tho weak scruples of undue diffi- dence from nguiu coming forward to placo their valuably talents nt the service ol' their country. And it cannot bo doubted that some of them nre gifted with powers of a very liigh order. They possess nil tho readiness in debute; tho promptness in repartee; the humour of illustration; nnd tho aptness of quotation, which all tradition tells us nro so iiocessnry to constitute a great iitntosinnn. Tn language mid manner, a few of them are nearly faultless ; nnd display that peculinr and valuable turn pf intellect, that usually reaches its highest develop- ment in thoso master-minds who mnkc tho moro practi- cal parts of that noble science,' tho Law, their study, of arguing with equal' earnestness null ability on nny subject-or, in fact, on any side of any subject. But tlio most striking fenture that characterises tho legislators I allude to, is tho extraordinary" velocity of their intellec- tual operations. Awake any ono of them, at tho dead hour of night, from tho stertorous reposo induced by a copious supper of hot punch and cold lobster, and then ami there, put him to tlio question on any subject what soever, whether it be a bill authorizing the Executive to repair a parochial pump, or empowering them to plunge tho country imo debt to tho extent of .millions, fur nu object which, nt tho best, is ol' doubtful utility, and in a second he will mnko up his mind on tho point-or ns soon ns you have satisfied him as to tho quarter from which tho proposal originated-aiuL" without n pause, commence a brilliant and effective' harangue on the measure ; keep it up, without flagging, for nt lenst u couple of hours, and then relapse into slumber, with the inward conviction thnt he luis put.tim mutter nt rest for ever, l'on (Ind it impossible to resist tho torrent of his eloquence. His ideas aro as fcmooth and mund and polished as his sentences. There is no-catching hold ol' them ; they slip through your fingers like thc. well groused (nil of ii pignt.a country fair; and you go away, silent if not convinced, for you can find nothing tangibio on which to hang nu objection. But thero ure spots on thu sun ; and there is. ono point which, with duo deference, may. bo .hinted nt whero .tho - gentlemen do not ulwnys display their usual 'greatness ol' soul-I allude to tho contempt willi which they occasionally refer to those duller minds who some- times make set speeches mid always (eel themselves under tho necessity of thinking before they .speak. Our intellectual giants aro strong'but they should bo mer- ciful. They should remember thnt it is not given tn nil men to knock off tho profundities of political philosophy as glibly ns the putliottso hurd improvises his jingling rhymes. They should consider that it is-impossible for every ono to acquire their own mnrvellous powers, lt is only n few of thu equine race thnt cnn prance mid caper in a circus, to tho admiration of all beholders; there must always be heavy cart horses willi no aspira- : timi beyond dragging tho plough. But, while admitting tho great mid verso I ila tnlonts of soino nf our lending legislators, it is impossible not to feel thal it would be a pity to throw them away upon tho limited audience of a Houso of AsKcmhry. And oven for their own interests they should consider, whether n wider and in every way moro suitable Held for tim display of their peculiar abili- ties might not bo obtained under thu auspices of Messrs. Turning and Howson. What I understand by n House of Assembly, in tho . prostont stngo of thu country, is a meeting of tho repre- sentatives ol'tho peuple, culled togotbor fortho purpose bf eliciting from their eollectivo wisdom tho mensures that, will tend most to tho welfare of tho community, rioreal'ior, when society shall lmvo reached it. higher level, and universal education produced, to every pracli enl extent, universal intellectual equality, the members ul" tho national Council may not bo called upon to do ¡ more than stato the opinion of their constituents : they will then, in fact, be morely tho people's proxies. Tho ! manner in which they may fol 111 this duty will not thru I bo a matter of so much consequence; but now, when o.i i' legislators will bc held pctsouully responsible for the publié'acts ; when they wïïlhuvoto deliberate and'duáide" .oit matter* nf the very, grayest importance ; it iH.-abso, lutoly necessary that they . aro possessed ol'. those «olid and serious qualities without whiuh it is utterly ' impost siblo thoy' can bo equal' to their task.1 There liro'mori' who devote intonso study to calculations on tho chuncos of a liorse-raco; and makeup thoirinihds on n subject whioh concerns thu happiness of millions, without, giving tho, trille tho ben eli toi'a second/thought.: " These'aro not the" »non wo want Wo ' rcquiro' deep and- earnest1 thinkers,' thoroughly grounded in tho great principios of ; abstract ' truth , und . justice,'and . who rwill -moko it their .duty- to carry-thomiout to tho fullest'extent compatible with the circumstances iii which wo", aro/placed. Human'Jaws' should initiate'' thosei''that . aro ' IJivino,' \ as; . closely as ; tito ' ties' of > enrth -' will . permit', us to' approach tho perfection of heaven. This is no .light: task, -this .constant striving to reconcile mind nnd matter, twliich, hopeless as tho prospect"ínáy be of ever' attaining com', ploto success, mast yet bo persevered iii ; and tho 'pro-' gross, however HIOW,- towards: that end, kept up ?'without ceasing.' And tin's is no work for empty, frivolous trillen,', whose accomplishments tickle tho .senses just as thc brilliant hues of a-sonp-bubblo please tho eye ., But tho- electors of Kew South Wales can hardly entertain a doubt with regard to tho claims -upon ¡their support of any individual menibor¡of thc present Legisla-' turo., His acts-rbis very words-havo-. been indelibly -recorded in tl io «ohmins of tho public/journals;: andjout .'of his own : mouth they-, can judgo- him. : It is easy enough td pick, out -tho-voiy,' very;fow!who'havo; consoi oniiously performed their duty, undet6rrcdby tho frowns. and unallured by.tho:6iniles ol' power; who havo kept boldly nndisteailfastly on the plain- path of right, . too often unsustaincd by tho encouragement, or.-sympathy-, of those: for. :whosé sako they wero struggling,! against 'Overpowering numbers,-for every inch!of ground. -And. i there can bo no difiiculty in pointing to. tho poor paltry ; reptiles who sacrificed every manly principle, their inde- pendence, their.consciences, and even: their thoughts, to their slavish sycophancy or to:tho hope of gain. Tell me:not that such creatures as these 'fulfil all the, social : obligations of private lifo. . If .they do¡ so, it is through policy, not principio ; morolly speaking, Uley aro nothing but dishonest knaves. They could, not bo induced to pick a pocket, for they would not gain so much by it os 'they would risk ily detection ; but to call ono approving smile from their master, or to add,a few paltry pounds to their already, superabundant income, they vould become accomplices in,n deed which, in their.heart of hearts, they well knew was nothing but tho downright robbory 'of a people.-' But their occupation is gone. It is only a 'piece of ' grutuitous'Tnolice - to~ throw water on a drowned rat; -so let them sink quietly.into well-merited' oblivion. Strict justico, perhaps, demands 'something more than, this ; but no man with .any pretensions to feeling could in cold blood recommend, as I havo moro'than hinted 'at, that even such miscreants as these should bo con demned to the roiserabla fate-of being'pilloried aloft im ?tho- Upper House, a mark for the.indignant contempt of all ! honest > men. Some' distinctions' should : be . made between just retribution and-wanton barbarity; and I would not like to hnvo it.on my conscience that I had. inflicted on my bitterest enemy so awful'a rovonge I . . But although there ara a few mombers of tho pro sent Legislature iii'whom the peoplo cnn place confi- dence ; ' yet it is tuinvoidablo- that tho > remaining. fifty or sixty representativos whom thoy »will shorüy be'.called upon to elect; must bo untried mon. There- will even be a difficulty in finding persons in any way suited for so responsible a situation. In tho metropolitan consti- tuencies and, perhaps, in Mnitinnd, Bathurst, and Goul- burn, '-the task ' mny bo comparatively easy ; but the majority of. the members of tho future House of Assombly will have to bo elected from districts which are, in whole or part, pastoral. Thero is thus but too much reason to dread tho infusion in our Councils of mon who appear to consider it their interest to obstruct the development of the resources of tho country. Ex- perience has abundantly proved that persons of this class would be apt to sell themselves to those in power, for the consideration of being nllowed to retain posses- sion of their present unjust privileges. lu these dis- tricts, stockholders aro all-powerful; nnd tho other residents are so much under thc inllueuco of the squat tocracy, that they could hardly ho expected to come forward to oppose them, even if they could spare tho time from their ? private occupation*. And if suitable candidates from Sydney or thc smaller towns could bc found to present themselves, there can be nd doubt tho most would be mudo of tho objection that non-residents could not bo.expected to be thoroughly acquainted with tho local interests of their constituents, or depended upon to give themselves much trouble to forwnrd them. These circumstances render it doubtful whether the House of Assombly will, at first, actually represent tho mnjority of our population. And we ennnot closo our oyes to tho fact, that in a stato of society at least as high, morally and intellectually, as our own, tho privilege of the franchise is not always exercised in the most advan- tageous -manner. Electors aro too Often misled by wretches who seek powor merely to advance their pri- vate interests; or duped by tho loud unmeaning protust ntions of adventurers who hope to gratify their low ambition. But although we cannot expect to keep out every evil element from our futuro House of Assembly, yet we have good reason to kopo much from it. I, for ono, place unlimited confidence in the spirit of the educated Englishman all tho world over, when his mind has not been contracted into tho ono idea of pounds, shillings and pence; or wlieró he docs not labour under the delusion that ho is lind down to the past, and cannot go forward, becatiro he is burdened with tho dead bodies of Iiis ancestors. I fool within mo tho glowing conviction that among ourselves thora nre snmo to be found, few in numbers but strong of heart, worthy to do battle in the sacred eiiuso of truth; who will, struggle, enrly nnd late, against tho leagued mercenaries of selfishness, to defend tho'infant people," that they may lead it up into a great and enlightened nation, fit: to . inhabit ? such a country as this. Go on, noble spirits, to fulfil your glorious mission I Truth is great, and in tho end will ever prevail, lt may be, that in the midst of the con. test your hearts will for a moment fail you, when you look around on your own small band and tho overpower- ing numbers that surround.you : you may perhaps feel the sickening apprehensions ol' doubt or despair steal over your minds, when yon mark tho little progress you have mndu and how mitch yet remains to bo done : but, as tho sun bursts forth from tho brief thraldom of a passing cloud, so will tho returning consciousness of tho great cause entrusted to your charge, givo fresh vigour to your blows, ami nerve your hearts to renewed exer- tions. Think not that your lot will bo a solitary and almost hopeless struggle against overwhelming might. Think- not that muong tho spectntnrs of thc contest there will bo nona to sympathise with you. Wo will watch you from afar oil', with enger eyes; for wo nra too feeble to lend you moro activo assistance Wo. will mourn over your reverses, and cheer you on to fresh attempts; wo will shout out with joyful encouragement nt your successes; and, in the end, bear you aloft in our nnns in your glorious triumph. And when, in the peaceful silenco of tho gravo, wo and you shall have forgotten nil the noisy turbulence ol' life ; when tho cold, impartial limul of Death, shall have swept away the gnnil mid tho bail-those who stood forth boldly for tho truth, mid tho poor fools who thought to destroy it then shall tho children of n freo and mighty people learn their first lessons in tho history that tolls'af your nobln deeds; mid gathering round tho knees ol' ago to liston, willi sparkling eyes, to tales of the good and great men who had done so much fur their race, hear your names mentioned, in reverence, with . those of John Hampden and (icargo Washington. Cuitious Biimi.-An emigrant train went over tho suspeiision-bridgo nt Niagara l'alls, a short limo since Thc cars moved very slowly. A German woman, in thc transit over the bridge between tho United .States mid her Majesty's dominions, guvo hirth to a pair nf twins. One was named " Suspension Bridge," and the other " Niagara Falls,"-American paper. THE "I.ontis" AND THU LADIES.-Lord Redesdale, on Tuesday evening, May lö, called tho attention of the House of Lords to tho fact that on the previous evening ludios hud occupied portions of the house to which they wore not properly admissible, to tho great prejudice of tho general appearance of tho houso Coll, oh, and laughter). ' That house was a placo for debate, mid although it was on tho previous evening surrounded more hy that which was most beautiful, still it mad« it look like a casino-(loud laughter;--and wns very disadvantageous to debnlo and discussion (oh, oh). A noble euri hud expressed to him his unwillingness to speak because ho was surrounded by an audience of that kind (oh, oh, and laughter). Tho admission of ludios to tho parts of the house they lind occupied on Uta previous evening was contrary to the orders of the house, and was, ho trusted, an irregularity which would not ho repealed.-Earl Granville: 1 remember seeing a Fronuli farce in which an English "milor" was Ibo principal porsonnge, and in whioh ho objected to tho présence of huhes at dinner, because they were displeasing to his eyes, I never before know tho original ol' that English "milor" (laughter). I must also add that I heliovo nil your lordships hnvo not had tho advantage which my noble friend seems to possess, by tho frequeulntinn of easinolt, ol' enjoying thoso views of tho female' sex which ho now wishes to deprive this house of (grout, laughter). However, I accept his obsorvntinns . a a vory satiifantory reason why nomo of tho speeches on tho oppoúte sido of tito house wore,- in tho opinion ol' those on this side, loss oU'ective than they sometimos are. -English l'amer. 