THE DUNDONALD SHELL. Lord Dundonald has forwarded the following letter | to.the journals, on the course he has adopted with re- i gard to the alleged secret destructive agencies which he j has at his disposal. " Sir—The perilous duties to which our fivefold deci- J mated army is still exposed by rival co-operation in the ! desperate act of storming Sebastopol, or by continuance of the siege until pestilence or other causes shall com- ! plete its ruin, induce me thus singly to encounter all the i ridicule anticipated by those who avoid compromising j their judgment, even by condescending to inquire if my j plans are absurd, or whether in truth they are capable i ' speedily, certainly, and cheaply, to surmount obstacles ; which our gallant, persevering, and costly armies and ; fleets have failed to accomplish.' " i therefore, as a faithful subject of lier Majesty, and , for the interests of humanity, now declare my intention, without further delay, to communicate to the wise and j energetic ally of her most gracious Majesty, the means j not only to spare the remnant of the British army, but j to insure that of France, by the speedy destruction of , the defences of Sebastopol. j " As to the fortresses in the Baltic, time does not so , press. I have offered to annihilate them; the accept- j ance or rejection of which offer rests with her Majesty's J (rnvprnmont. i "I am, Sir, your obliged and obedient servant, Dc.VI30.VALD. "London, March 24." A Ghost Story.—The Sheffield papers have a story j of the death of a woman from fright at having seen, as she j believed, something supernatural. There had been a ; story of a ghost at the house of a neighbour, and the de- ' ceased had treated it with ridicule. The ghost was said to be in a cellar kitchen, and she Vent down to fasten I a blind before the window. She had not been there j many moments, when, looking in the direction of the , stairs down which she had descended, she became sucl- : denly terror- stricken, and, seizing the arm of her friend ' with a convulsive grasp, exclaimed in broken accents, " Oh, Mrs Johnson, I saw something on the steps! j Take me away She was conveyed up the steps, and j immediately afterwards fainted. After a while her con sciousness returned, but for a brief interval, and she j assured her friends, in the most earnest and solemn ! manner, that she had seen on the stairs a female form, | dressed in white apparel, and that it approached and ; rushed past her. Shortly afterwards she died.—All , the persons concerned are, it should be said, "Latter- ! day Saints." ! The Wounded Soldiers at Chatham. — The < wounded soldiers in the military hospitals at Chatham j were much cheered by a visit on Saturday from her ; Majesty and Prince Albert. In one of the wards Robert ; Monaghan, a private of the 33rd, wounded at Alma, j attracted attention, from the remarkable character of the wound he had received. A musket-ball had entered j just below the right orbit, and taking an oblique direc- j tion, made its exit in front of the right ear. This j young man has quite recovered, and was in excellent < spirits. In the same ward, Patrick Doolan, a private in • the 8th Hussars, one of the survivors of the terrible j charge at Balaklava, was introduced to her Majesty. ; While riding at full speed, Doolan was struck down by ; a ball, which, entering the right cheek near the root of ' the jaw, passed completely through the mouth, and . came out on the opposite side of the face. The wounds were not quite healed on Saturday, but in other respects , the poor fellow is perfectly well. In another ward in « the same hospital her Majesty saw Thomas Jones, aged only twenty years, a private in the Rifle Brigade, who, at Iukerinann, was shot through the head by a Minie rifle ball, and wounded in several places by a bayonet. In this case the ball had entered the cheek close to the car, and made its exit exactly in the same spot on the opposite side of the face. He had lain insensible for fourteen days after receiving the wotmd, but has now recovered, with the exception of a slight contraction of the jaw, and almost total deafness. Another remarka ble case was that of William Barrett, a private of the 13tli Fou-t, who, at Alma, received an iron canister ball, weighing four ounces, in his face, and had carried it there up 'to within a fortnight ago, when it was skilfully extracted by Mr Parry, at Fort Pitt Hospital, after having baiiled many experienced surgeons for nearly live months, and occasioned the most terrible suffering j to the man, i Paris Statues,—On the Place du Palais-Bourbon, j opposite the principal entrance of the Corps Legislatif, i is a pedestal originally intended to support the statue | of Louis XVIII. offering the charter to the French i people. The revolution of 1830 came before this statue had been inaugurated, and for many years that of i Mirabeau stood in its place. In 1818 Mirabeau gave j way to a colossal and very ugly allegorical figure of the | Republic, in plaster, which was destroyed very soon after December 2, 1851. On Sunday, a small marble j figure, seated in a curule chair, representing France | leaning upon the tables of tie law, was placed upon the j pedestal as a definitive tenant. Underneath the statue j is the following inscription:—" Legis hanc effigiem feliciter impcriante Napoleone III. Imper. 1, domus q. imperatoriiu ponendam curavit, anno MDCCCLV." j On the right and left of the pedestal are scuptures, symbolising Prudence, Wisdom, and Justice, and at the back there is a spread eagle with a crown of oak leaves. A Railway Suspension Bridge at Niagara.—A locomotive, with cars attached, has crossed and re crossed this bridge. Madame Caraxdixi.—Our readers will per ceive that this charming songstress and Monsieur Coulon have announced then- second concert, which will take place at the Theatre on Thursday evening next, and is to be honoured by the presence of Lady MacDonncll. Wakefield.—A correspondent in this neigh bourhood communicates the following :—"The fanners up this way have had up to the present time a very favourable season. There are many who have not yet done sowing, while the old hands have their crops nicely up. Time will tell which is right. There is a very large breadth of land under cultivation this year; and if the weather continues as favourable, the mills lately erected in the districts will have a good beginning. We hope it may be so, as things are very dull up this way, although labour is not at all plentiful. A Halfpenny Daily Newspaper.—The following promising announcement appeared in the Northern Vail;/ Times of March 20 :— Aholttion or the Xewspaper Stamp.—A Halfpenny Daily Xewspaper.—In view of the early abolition of the newspaper stamp, and being desirous of giving to the great body of the working classes of Liverpool the full benefit of a free' and untaxed press, the proprietors of the Northern j Daily Times are making arrangements for the publication of a daily newspaper for the million, at the nominal charge of one halfpenny. Full particulars will lie announced in future advertisements. The Steam Fire Exgixe.—A trial of a steam fire-engine took place some time ago at Cincin nati. At the same time one of the best of the engines on the usual construction was placed in competition with it. The result was to demonstrate the immense superiority of the steam-engine. The New York Tri bune savs that a " poet" who was present was so im pressed with the mighty powers of the new engine, that he gave birth to the following beautiful effu sion :— OWED TO THE STEEM ENGINE. Suggested by Sea-ing it Skwirt. Grate ingine you have eradicated Eire mashceus AVorked by human mussel—Groat ingino you skwirt on the tops of houses where the flames Protrude, and you immediately eckstinguish. Grate ingine!— Stupeudowus stcem pump ! You suck. You Draw up, and you skwirt water on the raging anil devowring element commonly knonc as Fire : And you sucseat in kwencliiug the aforesed. Stupendowus Steein pump! Mitcy destroyer of ignited kombustibuls, when you Get to a sistern you run ycur sucksions in. Your Engineer puts on adisliional steem, And you proceed forthwith to darken down enLiOHTED matter. Mi toy destroyer of ignited konibustibuls! Grand ckstcrminator of blaseing material, You Must feel prowd bekase you have plenty Of water on baud, and don't use Spirituous likers—You don't work much ' Bekase you have nothing to do. Grand ckstcrminator of blaseing material! Wonderful Infantile Water Works! You have Superseaded the laboreous efforts of inde viduals to perfect hand pumps. And you Now stand out in hass relieves to the enemy Of flame. Bekase you always come out first best'. Wonderful Infantile Water Works! Thou spreader of the akweous Fluid— You kno full well your hundred feet of pipe in Your biler, big vlussles, little waives, &c.;, Are deth to the old fire-boys, and Useful to Insurance Companies Thou spreader of the akweous Fluid ! Steam Fire Ingine—your useful. You use wood and coal—you make a big noise with you whisslc, and You leave a streak of fire behind you in the strcat. But stcem Fire Ingine your Useful. Your—a trump. Go go— Go on steem Fire Ingine. Go on—grate old skwirt! 