"KB" LAUNCESTON l o w N IMPRO VE M E NTS, • SI TEB HtltiBIIANtS. Let no man slight a reference io, or a glanee-into the mirror of -the -past % even thbugh. we go back for copy to our school boy days,' and amid the associations of early youth, dispise not in the strength and plenetude of maiij- 1 hood and wealth, those innocent days and happy scenes—thfey wete the best and brightest hours that many a man has seen, as our favourite bard has it!— ' ' - 7 " Oh happ/ hflla, oil pleading 4hade, Ob fielda .beloved in vgin j Wher® oft' my careless childhood strayed, A. stranger yet to. pain—" Well do we remember the feelings we experienced, when, after assiduous and tiring study, the glad hour at last came round, and. the welcome cry " shut .up" circulated among the re>leased and joyous crew'; yes, they were happy and careless moments, and perhaps happy because careless, and we may safely -say, we have not seen, nor iire* likely to see "their like since or again. But to complete the figure, the strange property of association called tip this singular soliloquy. Our last leader touching the body corporate, called .up feelings akin to those which in fofnier days visited our youthful minds, when we pleasantly regarded the binomial theo'rim "; or the differerttial calculus; or the ablative absolute, or some other palatable subject, in our early classics or mathematics; never did we dream in those balmy daysj— happy in our thoughtlessness—"Where ignorance is bliss 'tis folly to be wise." We understand the poet novfr we did'ut take him then, never indeed did we then fancy, that our future day? would be doomed to discuss the congenial, enlightened, and highly popular stfain of die " body corporate;" however, 'tis so 1 and we must do what better men have been made to do, kiss the rod ; the books were horrible, the very appearance of the Mayor is bilious, what must the state of nausiabe! engendered by calmly, in the dead of night, sitting down in ones lone room, to study and write suclf a man—talk of Brutus' ghost, why there never was a stage ghost equal to our mayor—why he's a living image of the auri s icra fames (the accursed appetite for gold) he beats all the ghosts, or living dead men we ever saw—dead to aught else save tht? one selfish arid engrossing passion:—it is apparent in die missrly habits, and beg^ariy appearance of the man, it is .as indelibly stamped u on his pleasing and ami tbly expressive countenance, as craft and the gallows are written in unmistakeable characters upon the equally reducing phisog of another notorious Aldermanic worthy, who acts as a kind of a political Charon to his (ihostship—they are a nice pair par nobile fratram, just a toss up between them, but if one is marked out for the gallows, all we can say is, may the d 1 ride the other. A town journal, our more immediate and present duty, confines us to the town. How vastly do the solid and lasting improvements of the plain and homely townsfolk, differ from the flimsy and ad captandwn valgus proceedings of the Body Corrupt ? the one will benefit posterity and generations yet to come, the other will be a sort of D l's Legacy to their immediate successors in office. (We once read a very instructive tale, headed " the Devil's Legacy ;" aimed against griping avarice, this legacy entailed ruin upon ail who wished for and got possession of it).. The pity is that enterprising private individuals, should be retar ed rather than assisted by the Body Corrupt j for corrupt purposes—however in the teeth of every disadvantage, sufficient has been dO ie to show that we are going a-head; and to give an idea of what could be done if proper example were set and proper encouragement given. We will make a selection in virtue of our calling as "The People's Advocate," doubtless if we went too far, We should have our friend the Melbourne Herald, or the Hobarton Mer. uty laughing at us (we don't mind their laughing at the arist'icatic corruption), seeing that, the one can point to a recent list of vast improvements effected chiefly by theiJplebian and democratic Corporation. And the other might say " while yon. have been these last two years and upwards pottering over a building for the Mechanics' Instilute, and-^'hich is now about as far advanced as at the first commencement, we have run up and opened in a few months—the largest and most magnificent theatre in the world; and while you have been humbugging over your water question, we in a year or so, have nearly formed the Yan Yan K esc voir, the largest resevoir in the world of the kind; and laid dotvn the basis of a water system, that beats London into fits, and fully equals all the ancient glories of old Home." We have no desire to provoke the ridicule of our cotemps—but in our own modest way, for we are but a small town of 1-2,000 inhahitHnts—we may at least be permitted to stimulate the growing energies of the town, by well timed an 1 well carped compliment—all #e merely say is thisi that^pfirhaps the oldpjtable of jthe Tortoise and 5the Dare m^nriit be inapplicabife.tb"imr case atid 4heir-S)' slow and sure is a rule we have seen tested ere this. ; The fplfowing aTe a few of the improvemerits in question :— Bell's Auction Room, Charles-sh The splendid shops of Messrs. King, Nathan, M'Kenzie, and Webster, do. Peoples* Advocate Office, do. • The opening up of the lop of Charles and John'streets, and the various new buildings springing up there. The new buildings put up in Wellington-street near the entranced® the town. The Town is fist extending over the large block of land recently sold under Frenches estate ; St. John and two of the suburban cross i streets-havingbeen cut .through it. ' . The opening up of the Launcestott t^anlp, and the building commenced -tind improvements Contemplated there; i' The , building : putting bV A» rTlitiflipsqh, Esq., William and Tatnar streets, and the splendid Club 'Hotel Rafter the. American fashion) opened by tbe jsame gentleman in Brisbanestreet; The improvements, Outbuildings ifld iron stores of B. totts, Esq.j Charlesstreet. The large shop put up by Mr.W. King, do. Mr. 1 ukins* new brewery, wharf. And the brewery putting up by Scott at the wharf. Charles- street. The houses-put up by the Rev. Charles Price ill front of his Chapel in York-street. The wooden, Irorij and felt-houses in Tamar-street put up by Mr. Bellion. The handsome dwelliug erected by C. A. W. Rocher Esq., Frederidk- street, and the shop let to Mr. Ackers, put Up by the same gentleman, opposite the the Post Office. The two blocks recently sold and respectively opposite the Post Office and St. John's Church, are now covered by a terrace of houses belonging to Mr. Smith, and Weetman's store and other erections are fast running up in the same quarter. The dtfelliiig-house putting up by Waddell, near the cutting. Canningstreet, referred to in our last lead r. And tue dwelling-house built by Aiken head. The convenient printing arrangements and powerful steam-engine, lately setup at the Cornwall Chronicle establishment, belonging to W. L. Goodwin, Esq., M. L C. Th- convenient printing establish- ment lately constructed by Mr. Wilson, proprietor and printer ot the CoruVSall Advertiser. The alterations effected to the London Inn. near the Police Office, The brick buildings at the corner of George and Brist>ane*-streets. 'J he improved appearance of all the churches and church yards' (with the exception of the Cemetery burial ground). And last—not to be tiring, the house built for the Catholic Clergy by Father Butlei—this last, is one of the most elegant and handsoHie edifices ifi the colony, quite equal to the Hob art Town Hutching's School, in architectural design and merit. The^lans were by Mr. Thomas the well-known llobafton architect. We have merely dotted off a few of the principal buildings going on or lately finished, and might very largely have increased the catalogue had We space or time } possibly we may have omitted several worthy of mention; suffice to ^ay, that there is not a street in Lnunccston or an approach to the town, that does not exhibitin the most undeniable manner, the spirit and bottom of the Launcestonians ; shops, o Sices, and dwelling bouses springing up in all directions. What other conclusion can be fornie-i, but that we are destined at no far distant date, to take our place honorably with Melbourne and Sydney as one of the chief cities of the south. One fact is worthy of remark, as exhibiting at least the progress of the press here, there are three powerful steam engines in one small town, we also omitted tb mention, that it is but recently that the mills of Messrs. Thompson and Button have been -§et_going. ... • . After the foreging recital of facta, the townsfolk will require no comtne'nt j we will, however, add, that we have given a list of the Hobart Town municipal; improvements, and " the Launccston Improvements by the Inhabitants," and wis have slightly mentioned Melbourne, we have hit the Luuncesion'Cofrupt Bod;/ pretty hard on the same head,*'when will they sing out? We Ugain demand, an official list 6/ their , imprqvem nls (if any)—really there are some .people so thick-skinni d, that they can't feel, and so blind that they can't see. However yve begin to conclude, that they' are a very pigheaded set of fellows, and perhaps the best p'au is to let them worship mammon according to ihe'ir nature and after their own fashion. What can you expect Trim a •jrig but a grunt? O temp >ra, O mores ! 