MBLBOURNIv. (From our own Correspondent) Friday, September 14th, 1855. The result of the North Bourke election has taken every one by surprise. Mr Tennent's position at an early period of the day was so very flattering, that sanguine hopes were enter tained that he would be returned by a trium phant majority. In Mtelbourne his friends mustered in suffticient numbers to keep him at the head of the poll, though the efforts of M'Ewan's party were streoonuously exerted to attain the ohief position. At no period of the day did Mr Tennttent's majority exceed 12, notwithstanding the number of Governmeout officials, magistracy, squatoeraey, &o.;, that lent him their assistance. Melbourne and Rich mond appear to have been the only polling places where the merits of Mr Tennent were properly appreciated, in the former at the close of the poll he had a majority of 12, and at the latter place of 71. The position of Dr Embling, judging from the favols bestowed on himn by the Melbournites, was not an encouraging one, and few anticipated that triumph which, thanks to his Collingwood friends, he has gained, a gross poll of 336 votes giving him such a majority as it was evident could not be shaken byany efforts the opposing candidates could make. So flattering a majarity over his opponents infused some vigour into the proceedings of his committee, and as soon as the result was made KnUon , s u use 5u u keep a respectable position at other points, his election would be secure; and it will be seen from the final state of the poll, that at no period throughout the day was there any pro. bability of his numerical position being shaken. The support given to Mr Mooney was not suffoiciently encouraging to cause him to prolong the contest as far as he was concerned. and after polling; about 16 votes, Ihe resigned early in the day in favor of Dr Embling. Of Mr M'Ewan, it may be said that he was nowhere; and though he managed to maintain a respectable appearance at one or two places, he never had the ghost of a chance. Mr Tennent'a position as second best, is chiely attributable, as I have observed, to the support rendered by the Government party, about 60 votes of the gross Melbourne polling being comprised of men of well-known Government predilections and tendencies. Sime of his friends made themselves very prominent by their intemperate zeal, and their conduct was the snbject of much comment and reprobation. One Government official, a clerk of the City Magistracy, was exceedingly annoying and *Iensive, throwing obstacles in the way of the voters of such triflintg snd childish nature as to provoke considerable contempt, which was not calculated to do Mr Tennent's cause much benefit. It is said that the returning officer at Richmond, S. Martin, Esq., closed the pull a few minutes before 4 o'clock, thereby preventing several of Mr Tennent's voters from polling. A similar charge might be brought against the Government clerk of whom I speak, who in sisted on the poll being closed before it was 4 o'clock, and thereby shrowing out several votes for M'Ewan's party. This gentleman would have given greater satisfaction had Ihe been performing hIris proper duties in the back room of the City Court, and not making himself and the cause hie so intemperately espoused, a laughing-stock to every one. It is further stated that the railway officer at Richmond, adjourned the Court for a quarter of an hour for luncheon. This is a very trifling matter in itself, but if it be true, it will lead to no end of squabbling by the unsuccessful can didates, and will afford justiground of complaint, if as I have asserted, so many of Mr Tennent's friends were shut out from the poll by the returning officer mistaking the period of closing. Whether it will vitiate the election I am not prepared to say, but the returning officer will be bound to make his official return, and the opponents can only then come in and be heard by petition, which it is hardly worth while in so short a session as the ensuing one will be, to initiate, and it is very questionable whether it could talter the re:ative positions of the candi dates. The following is the gross pollitig of the two principal candtdates up to 4 o'clock, yesterday evening. The remaining from out lying districts will, in all probability, have their returns in to-day, and the official an nouncement will be made on Saturday, at noon. Embling. Tennent. M'Ewan. Mooney. Richmond ... ... 170 ... 87 (Withdrew) Collingwood...325 ... 77 ... 17 Metbourne ... 76 ... s r ... 65 - teidelberg ... 7 ... 27 ... 27 - Williumstown 50 ... 70 "' 12 - Pentridgo ... 4 ... 6 a...x Upper Plenty. 5 ... 10s ...: 14 Kinltochewe .. - ... 5, ... 17 Globorne ... 3 ... ... 25 Bults Bllsa ... 1 ... 4. 19 - 602 . 483 . 289 Returns from Bacobos' Marsh and Mount Btlackwood not yet come in. There appears to be some slight disecrepancy int the returns from such polling places as have been declared, but the majority for Dr Embling given by me is, I Ihink, nearest the mark; and if incorrect, will only strengthen that gentle. man's position. The exact majority will not be ascertainable until the official deslaration of the returning officer is made known on Saturday. Captain Warner, of the Waratah, was sub. penaed by his stewardess for refusing to pay her the sum of £4 for wages. Mr Warner said that he never refused to pay the sum he acknowledged was duo to her ; hut she had not made any claim, but preferred summoning him before the Court because he had discharged her for drunkenness during her pas. sage from Sydney. This was denied by the stewardess, who said she could bring Lola Miontes and a number of other ladies who were passengers during the voyage, to prove that she was of very sober habits. The idea of bringitng Lols Montes as a witness was peculiarly re. freshing, but the Conrt did not see the necessity of creating a new era in the life of that lady, to wit. era the sixth, Lola Monies as a witness, andl so ordered her to pay the costs of the Court and accept her wages front hter iate emnployer. Mr Gresham of the firm of Adams, Inglis, and Gresham, was charged on lthe information of Sub.lnspec:or Cooke, with having on his premises at Sandridge, ant excess in the quantity of gunpowder allowed by law. The quantily of powder found on thle premises buried about 3 feet in the sand, was said to be nominally 21.1 bs., which was 20 lhe. more than the law authorised; but as the exact amount could not positively be sworn to, the defendant was ordered to pay the oasis of the court, 5is Gd, and di,. minss d. Madame Lola Montes made her debut before a iMeolbourne attdience yealerday evening at ith Thieoatre Royal. The house was crammed to excess, notwithsttnding the prices of admission wete doubled, and shortly after the doors were thrown open to the public not a single available poel ion could be found in any part of the buili. ing. The drama, in the performance of which she illustrates her singular career, is alroead familiar to every ottone, and the illustrations were received with considerable applause, Lola blunto x0 called tic at tthe AU1 of the sar* lain, but the call was by no meatns a unanimous one, many expressing their disapprobation in a very marked manner. Lola on her appearance returned thanks for the patronage bestowsl, and in the course of her remarks made some - allusions to an article which had appeared in the Melbourne Herald (Peter Perfume) which reflected somewhat upon her career, which she considered bad nothing whatever to do with the merits of the drama in which she no prominently figured. It is added that it was to her ardent love of liberty she was indebted for her present posilion, which might otherwise have been such a one as the world might have envied, and withdrew amidst boisterous cheering. It is said Madame Losla was not contented so publicly to reprove the editor of the Melbourne journal alluded to for his ungallant conduct, but wrote him a note expressive of her disappro. bation. humour does not say whether she threatened to horsewhip him a ha California if he offended again, but Lola is just the woman to perform suchi an operation, if she thought it would do the "old gontleman" any good. What a delightful hit of fun it would be to see her horswhipping the phlegmatic old doctor. Talk of the liberty of the press, with Lola and a horsewhip by your side ! Liberty be hanged. Six 32-pounders, with carriages and appurte. nanres, have been landed at Sandridge from the Aerolite, to be placed in the battery construct ing at Sandridgo for the defence of the harbor. Appliances for heating red hot shot will also be ereo:ed. 