Í ADVERTISEMENT.! ., *»t-TO 'REV- WILLIAM RIDLEY. ' P'pJr'fàe'iiir of the Alor el tin tiay Courier. J , KtSV.'Sllí,'--I see by the last issue of tho Courier that "you deemed it necessary" ^Ifiij.v.or.to wjmt?) "itlint a public protest should be !1oadj against,'*,what you are pleased to term '-my assertion of the insufficiency of the Book of God as a rule of faith and practice." You further ac- use me of " seeking to overthrow the authority of the Bible," and of " publicly teaching that all Christians are justified in not observing the third commandment!" . These are certainly grave imputations- sweep ing charges ; but-luckily they are so' unfounded, so monstrously impious* and palpably absurd, as to carry with/them their own refutation to the mind of every intelligent, unprejudiced parson who¡has read my letter to Colonel Gray. In order, however, that your'" deceived followers" may-have no excuse for being any longer misled by your " false teaching," and thereby " pierced with many sorrows," I shall at once "proceed to set them right on those parts of your protest that require particular correction. ' But before going farther I must here, in ¿¿mine, disclaim all inten- sion,of being the least discourteous towards your- self by anything I say in this reply, l'deal with jour letter us I would with any anonymous document, in case I at oR dcig-ned 'to'iijitiee such a production. I "ay then that I have carefully read ,yuur " protest," published in the Courier of last jáatuiday, and that such an aggregation of loose writing, flimsy sophistry, palpable Htrntagems.and lixeter Hall duplicity, 1 never met with in any letter, ai tide, or document of,thesnme length'.' lu every paragraph, almost in every sentence, notorious falsehood is asserted, and "my clearly expressed menning i-t distorted -vith what I must call a, malevolent ingenuity, a moit disingenuous perversión. But above all, words and whole clauses that would at» «lance explain my menn- ing eyen,totho most obtuse1 understandings, aro curtf tilly suppressed or left out of stiuh quota- tions from my letter ns you brought into your "protest," and I um made to say Whatever you' like to pub into my month ! Indeed I labour under a decided «dvu'ntago in replying to you at all. You know my faith, but I ara entirely un- acquainted with yours. I know n->t to which of tho thousand and one sects of Protestants you belong, or whether you attach yonrself to any of them -to any of those sects'who aro wilfully straying from the " ouo fold of the one shepherd," and sill! pretending to follow the Bible. You know, as appears from your.'' protest," that I am a Catholic aiiil a I'rwst, and therefore that I be- lieve and teach the same doctrines that weroe believed by the Romans when they were " the beloved of God, called to be saints, and their faith was spoken of in the whole world,"-the same doctrines that were afterwards preached by Saint Jerome, Saint Chrysostom, Saint Augustine, and Saint Patrick more than eleven hundred years before Calvin, or Knox, or Luther, or Cranmer, became the rebel children of Almighty God and the propagators of the most pernicious heresy, the most widespread apostacy, tho world ever saw. You must know all this of this by the very fact of your knowing that I am a Catholic Priest But 1 do assure you, that after a most attentive peru s ii of your letter more than once, I cannot decide with any degree of certainty, whether vou are a Christitin or not. All that 1 can undoubtedly conclude from it is, that you are neither a Catho- lic nor a Jew. Fur I am sure you would be ex- communicated by both-by the Jews, for libelling the bible, particularly their most highly esteemed Pentateuch, and by Catholics for both libelling the Bible and calumniating the Apostles ! These too are grave charges I admit. But let us see from your "protest" whether they- he unfounded or not. Let us just hear yourself on tho suhjiot. I* The only way," you say," in which the Sabbath is defined in the Bible is as the seventh after six days work. It matters not -when the six days Work begins : if after six working days the peo- ple unitedly rest from work on tho following day, and dcvototliut rest to public and private worship, they keep the commandment both in the spirit und in tim letter of it ! !" Hear this nil ye Jews and Christians ! But,tel I it not in Gath,'publish itiiot in Ascalon, lest the.Philistines re- joice, lest the . . .uncircuincised triumph-" 2 .lum , or Kings i 20. Yes, tho Mahometans and Infidels would surely rejoice and verily triumph if they heard of a person called a minister of the Gospel-even the redoubtable Pope Ridley him- self, " publicly teaching," nay, deciding as dog- matically as was ever decreed by any Pope that ever sat in Saint Peter's chair, that "it matters not when the six days' work begins"-that it matters not which day of the seven we make the first of the week, as' the seventh after six days work will surely be the Sabbath commanded in the Bible, 'provided always and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, viz., Pope Ridley, that the people unitedly rest from work on that seventh day following any six days lahom-, and devote that rest to public anil private worship ! ! oh ! oh ! olí! Of nil the vagaries, impostures, and impious freaks of private judgment, this is the most ex- travagant. It is not a whit leis extravagant or lws liberal than that of Tindal the Deist, who was so indifferent on this point as to maintain that " we are lords of the Sabbath, and may change it to any day we please, or keep it twice a week, or only every tenth day if we like." But between the vagaries of Ridley and Tindal there is this remarkable difference, that Ridley in all his religious pranks professes to follow the Bible, the whole Bible, and nothing but the Bible, whilst Tindal altogether disclaims any such pretension. Again I say, hear it all ye Jews and Christians who esteem and venerate the holy Scriptures, «ho hold them sacred and regard them as most obliga- tory : hear it ; Pope Ridley of Brisbane decrees, by virtue of his private judgment and in the plenitude of his individual authority, that "it matters not when the six days work begins that you may make any day of the week the Jirsl, and consequently that you may have the seventh and Sabbath on any day of the week- either on Monday with the idolators of Goa, or on Tuesday with those of Guinea, or on Wednesday with those of the Muscovites, or on Thursday with many tribes in the terrltorities of the Mogul, or on Friday with the Mahometans and Pagan Saracens ! Oh ! oh ! oh ! But Jews, Christians, and all whom it may concern, take notice, mark woll, that in order to keep the third commandment either in the spirit or in the letter of it, it is required hy- the decree of Pope Ridley that "the people UNITED LY rest from work on whatever day of tho week they may choose to make the seventh after six days work." Now this agreement or unity or uniformity in rest required by Pope Kidloy must be either general or particular. There is no medium. It must extend to tho whole Immun race or .only to a part of them. If the first ~if it munt extend to tho whole, it is evi- dent that never yet has there been even one Sab- bath kept either in the spirit or in the letter of it, bceuuHO, never yet did all mankind rest from work on the sime day. If the second, if the rest required be only particular, ovtending but to a part of the human family, I hope (lint in that case Mr. Ridley, whotako*t_iipon himself the office of preaching, and mdst therefore acknowledge himself " a debtor to Greeks and Barbarians, to wise aud unwise," will feel it his duty to instruct the world on this point by determining tho pre eise number of nations or tribes, or people, that must necessarily join in this test in order that the commandment (3rd or 4th) may henceforth he kept both in the spirit and in the letter of it. Mr. Ridley, you have undertaken to write on a subject which evidently you have not studied, or if you have, you are a positive Deist under the name of a Christian. You are " a wolf in sheep's clothing," and by your false teaching you are re- moving the "landmarks of the church, and pierc- ing yourself and your duped followers with many sorrows." It matters very much-it is a mutter ol' tho utmost importance " when the six days work begins," or rather, by your leave, on which days of tho week it was lawful for the Jew to work. It was lawful for them, except on occasion of a particular festival, to work on all days of tho week but the seventh, and that seventh was al- ways the next following after every six from the Creation. The obligation then of resting from work on tho seventh day of the week and of sanc- tifying the same as a Sabbath to the Lord, did not commence when the Decalogue was committed to tables of stone. It was a law from the begin- ning, but çoiifir(n,çd i,u a particular mauner w ben Moses received, the commandments -on Mount Sinai. This is positively affirmed by the ancient Jews, as you may see in Pbilo nml Josephus. It is also aiSrmed "by Teriulliuit," TaeophyiiKrt, Lae taiitius, Saint Chryaostom, Saint Augustine and other most learned Apologists, Dociors. and Fa- thers of the Catholic church during the first five centuries. And not only.these, but oven nmeiiRst i.ho Protestants, -the most'eminent aueb as Gale, Amasius Usher, Sharp, Zanabius, Stukely, and a lhost of others are. against you,\Mr. Ridley. It is true, indeed, that some modern critics, all of them Protestants, and I make no doubt very sincere good Christians in their own way, have by many most knotty calculations of Astronomical Chron . ology respecting the anomalies of the moon and the embolimean or .intercalary days used hy tho^ Jews to regulate and bring* their years to an equation, have attempted to prove that the Jew- ish Sabbath commanded in the Bible was not the same with the original Sabbath appointed from the beginning and observed by the Patriarchs all along from the Creation down to the promulgation of tho Decalogue by Moses-that they woro dili'erant in- stitutions and founded for different pnrposès-that the Jewish Sabbath was absolutely fixed by God to the seventh of the week which was al ways and uni- versally acknowledged to be Saturday-that the original Sabbath was as strictly confined to the first day of the week, and consequently that the universal observance of Sunday as the Christian Sabbath since the days of the Apostles is a fact founded on the Patriarchal practice and not on the authority of the Catholic church. This is the conclusion these theorists wished to arrive at, and in order to establish it they declared .war against the whole body of Philosophers and As- tronomers. But supposing that the Protestants could sustain this system, even then they would not be following the Bible in observing the Sab- bath, but only tradition or the deductions of science. You see, then, that those Protestant critics, most learned men certainly, who had re- course to this system solely for the purpose of over- throwing the authority of tho Catholic church re- specting the change of the Sabbath,'never thought of denying that the Sabbath commanded in the Bible was absolutely fixed by God to tho seveuth day of the week-Saturday, by universal consent. On the contrary they resolutely maintained this doctrine, and even violently contended for its in- disputable certainty. Indeed, no sincere believer in Christianity ever denied it unless through ig noranco or want of consideration. Evidently, there- fore, you are not a Christian, Mr. Ridley' or else you have not studied the subject on which you have ventured to write. 1 hope the latter is the truth. I hope it was through a "zeal for God" tluugh "not according to knowledge"-that it was in ignorance, inexcusable certainly, but still ignor- ance-that you attempted by such "falso teaching to remove the landmarks ot the church and pierce yourself and your deceived followers with many sorrows." Tho doctrine you propound regarding the Sabbath, Christian and Jewish, is certainly a libel on the Bible. It is the doctrine of a very latitudinarian, an out and out Deist, who rejects the Trinity, reprobates mysteries, and scouts Re- volution altogether. As to the logical powers displayed in your "pre- test" they are certainly of no mean' order.' Whetlnr you employ syllogisms, enthymemes, or sorites, you strike most potently, and are equally felicitous in your application of them. And as to your di lemmas, I must surely bless my stars if 1 can ejcape their horns. " I publicly teach," you truly say, " that the Catholic church did in fucfc abrogate llie ancient Sabbath altogether, anti institute an en- tirely new one, to be kept in a quite different mai. ner," and consequently (my conclusion according to you") that all Christians are justified in not cb serving the third commandment" at any time or in any manner ! 'This is certainly the conclusion you make me draw-whether you intend that or not I cannot say, but such is the obvious, the only mean- ing your words can bear. But are not the words "and instituted an entirely new one to be kept in a quite different manner," quoted by yourself from ray lotter, a positive prout that you most disin- genuously draw this conclusion tor mo? . 1 said nothing about justification or non-justification in that respect, and that i did not mean justification iii not observing the Sabbath is evident from the words to be kept in a quite different, niauuer. I merely stated a fact vvhtoh I now repeat, that the Catholic church did change the Sabbath, and that no Christian of any creed or sect keeps the Sab- bath either at the time or iu the manner com- manded in the Bible. You then como to tLe "serious question," and ask aro Christians of the present day breaking the commandment concern-, mg the Saubuth by observing tho first day of the week and not the seventh 1 My answer is still tho same. No Christian of the present day keens the commandment conoeming the Sabbath cither at the- time or in the manner commanded in tho Uible. But lest you might think 1 was giving your serious question the transent _ or go-by, 1 answer it directly and say, that Christians of the present day arc not breaking the commandment concerning the Sabbath by keeping the Jim day of the week instead of the seventh, because that commandment is still observed substantially-the obligation of keeping it is only transferred by competent authority from one dey to another. And mind you there is not the least contradiction between what I now say and saying that the an- cient Sabbath was abrogated altogether. Beth como to the same thing. 1 would put this plain question to you. Supposing thot the body of ma- gistrates in any ton n or district should unitedly by mutuul consent change their weekly time for sitting on the Bench from 12 o'clock on Frida;, to IO o'clock on ¡Saturday, which they have full power to do, I ask you is not the former court day abrogated altogether, and an entirely new one in- stituted ? Yet the court is bubstuntiallv the same -the very same. All busiuoss is porformed as beneficial.)' as ever, and no one is guilty of negloct or omissiuii of any kind. But you will now ask ¡ne could the Catholic church sot aside the other nine commandments, or uny of thom ? " Set aside !" These ure the very words you use, and I cannot help saying that it is unfair, unmanly, and I might add, wicked of you, to use auch ambiguous terms, such triding with words, on so sacred a subject. Because I stated the fact that the Catholic church did nbrognto the ancient Sabbath, that is transfer the obligation of keeping it from ono day to_ an- other, you maliciously ask, could -sho " set aside," that is, entirely abolish tho othor niuo, take uwuy their obligation altogether, and muke it lawful to commit blasphemy, perjury.or murder? May the Lord forgito you for speaking so irreverently, so perversely, on so sacred a subject. Who but a mocker or a madman would assort she could do so? No, she could not, because the other command- ments are the expression of the eternal, immutnble Law founded on the very essence of things, mid therefore as unchangeable as God himself. " Who then," you continue, "could without'folly or im- piety affirm that we aro discharged from the pre- cept, Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy?,* WTio ever did ailinn it in your sense? Nobody. For not even a Deist would affirn that no Sabbath is ever to bo kept at any time or in any manner, which is your meaning by " discharged from the precept"-the samo as " set aäide" in the beginning of the samo paragraph. The penalty of death to Sabbath breakers and the most strict prohibition that the Jews should not kindle any fire in their dwellings on- the Sab- bath, you cnlf "national regulations," "temporary enactments," "ceremonial laws designed for Israel alone," and therefore not binding on Christians. This certainly is your conclusion. But how do you know that, Mr. Kidloy? Quoto mo a text stating that in so many words. You must know that when arguing with liible alone men, I have such a deli- cate stomach, that I can digest nothing but pure Scripture, and if they cannot givo mo that the^ i must either reject the doctrine in question, or ia' A ' back on tradition to support it, tnoreby uckn/ "._ ledging tho insufficiency of the Bible, the. "rJoro written word ai a. rulo of faith and becomir,-, pa. pista in principle. You udinit, howeve/\ "m Uje daine paragraph, thatthoso "enactment'¿y 'thoun-h only " national," <( temporary," nnd "li.jaîgned tor Israel alone," were"binding on Ciirir'üfans t\\\\\ jw the said Christians were dispense J fyQm their ob- ligation by the Apostles, tho fir8t, Pastors mid Governors of the Christian i^nroli. "The Apos- tles," you say, and truly tr.o, " determined, not to' impose those enactment* ^ a Vtíke on the neck of the Gentile disciples." Very well; tho Apostles determined not to im.p'Jse the enactments : that is, the Apostles determined that the enactments wove not to be impt/ecd: and that again is, tho Apostles doivrmmu'J that the otwct:»?jts -,we ;j b3 ab.tygated, eat'uely dono away wítfr. ÁnJ/s«*^«-^ they were ubrogated ¿j-Me Apoi. ttsfund^uß.; ,«5 guidance of the Holy Ghost" coi-tainly : aad «-mi,»«;" Î.J all tlie lawful sucesasors of the Apojdw'uiûieçliiï " liviug authority appointed by Gild to teach'tha ' people, were judges of the Scriptures-the re ig-iot »7 Statute Bool:,-and no matter hoir holy or inspirad,: still nothing bat tbe dead letter of the law ativay'J - requiring the interpretation of the living pastor» ot the c'.iureh. Yon allow that tho- Apostle» h«d power to annul parts of those Sc.iptures by deem- ing that such parts or enactments were no longer binding on the faithful. I really did not exp*ct I, ould get so much from you. l'did not think you ; 'would allow to any human being; not even to an Apostle, such authority over tho "Book of God. S> "firusfc batter thing3 of you and nearor to salv* tioù íüough I speul; thus."-Hein vi. !). Humbl«« yourself'iii prayer, and God will suiely give'yta. grace to understand the Scriptures which will so instruct aud enlighten you as to make you abandon,, that Protestant**»! which ii essn.tuilly abmn, and will sèwrely and speedily lead von to the- hol^ Catholic and "Apostolic church, ««-hicn is "one bodjf and one spirit."--üph. iii. 4. But vv hr did yon n >. 3ay."firstCliristiau3"iit8teadoffaGentriodiseiplej"ï Suiely you are not afraid f;o let your followers kn>-«'* too much about thovBook of God," and do you think the genarality or\\.theni would unclerstand your form of expression as clearly a3 ihey wooli do mine? But though granting as you do (or certainly didr perhapä it was only a lapsui of private judgment) that, tne « Apostles liad power to abrogate certain tempoiary enactments, and ceremonial luvj which found part of the inspired writings, still you tell us that to the same Apostles who_ abrogacel tha Jewish Sabbath (tor it vya3 they did it, and thai babbitth was nothing but tv ceremonial law, a te n porary enactment - designed tor isi'eal alone, b .t still not to be abrogated unless by an act of tim pioper authority appointed by God) you toll ui then that to the Apuïllej wnoso ubrogated the Jewish Sabbath and .substituted anothe-, appliet the lebuke ot our-Divine Lord, "'thus have you mado void the commandment ot God by your tra- dition." Oh! Mr. Ridley!'Mr. Rdley! did y.w know what you were saying ¡.vi hen you so applioti that tevt ? Did you over-read the chapters (xv. of ¡3. Matt, and vu. of ¡s. Muik) which relate the i'ir cumstuiicej that called forth this rebuke? Di you mean to tell oven Catholics, Irom whom you wo'uld fain penunie your deceived followers that th« Bibil» is looked up-^-do you mean to tell thom that be- cause out- ¡saviour condemned many absutd trudi tioiis of the Thalmudists, ««ho believed thut liisir souls vveio dehled by the m-uirtut filth conveyed' into their ntamuelis by eating feud out of '* un- washed hands," or from dirty pots and cups, and many ot'ier such like thing*-Jo you mean to tell us, lsay, thattitíoJUáüliecjiídeinno Uuuh rid cul-mi traditions as those, which mi'iy ot the Jet« realU did ob^orve moro thai cb ay did tha comm wdman.o of Go 1, ha thereioie coiuljinnod tho-o Ap stiltonr traditions »Inch Saint Paul .exhorts tho first Ch ii tha siine authority as the written. Yo.i set-to itiiother impartait mutier fjr in. Although teaching that vve may keep the Sabbath or any day of tho week wo piesse, yet you dioid « mo>t absolutely that "keeping the j'nst diy of tho w oak holy, if we are diligent in holiness d iring tho other ái\, /s a literal ojseroanie of the oommiad ment, Rauumborto kjop holy tho Sabbith day." G.j-d again ! I think I umlerotand you. You moan ta say that sis days diagaat v> o.k must ne- ceas inly précède e.ich b-thbith-^thai the Sabbath c.innot ooma till after sit dayV-'Miork ! So that it' a «-hole town or distuct should; happen to spend fall siv days, commencing wita. iJJCmday, at raett«, or auy other amusement, as is often the ca^e, then, no nutter how strictly thuy might, avoid all wordly basinesä on tlio ÍDllú¡«-ing*Suiiday,,or ho*- piously* thoy might devote that rest lo oublie and prívalo worship, still they would neil bo'oo-.arviiig the com- mandment, beciuao they WrJie not'diligoiio in bus - nessd tring tho proeoding six. (lay's. -And thercf >ro nj idler during the week am .ever keep the.Sab- bath, np matter tvbat forks of piety he may per- form ou that day! - .Dreadful' Thealoj-v tha:, Mr. Ridley. ? ? , But to crown the o'.imai of your Biblical ahsurd itiaa, you say that "you< tollotvi -the Biblo a-id nothing bm the Bible in bfasemrig the hwt day of the week tis tlia Christian SaWiäth after the ex- ample of the ApoHloi" ! ;ßot. kneping the first 'day of the week a- tho Sabbath you have no au- thority you say but tho exunp'e-xth« practice of the Apostles, and still you nuiaff-in that in »j doing- you aie following tha Bible and noihm¡/ but the Bible ! " Oh ! judgment ! -thou art fled t« brutish beast i! Ridley haj lost his roaswi !" In the iii st plac'B I deny that you have, according tu your own principles, the e-iampli of the A«x»-le& tor any such thing. Tlieie i¿ not, L'alii -m/ia tho entire Neiv Testament ono syllable to prove Hug the Apostles over kept Sunday tor the Sabbath. And us you are a Bible alone man, you evylin., hate their cumplo for .keeping the first ot' thj weak as the Christian Sabbath. And even if yoi h id such ctampleî 1 maintain secondly, that ta say Vju aro following nothing but the Bible? by fol- lowing tho ovumplo even of the. Apostles, this ii. imitating their practice, is a pitiful, coutemptibi « shuffling of yours to get rid ot tho plaiao.it word i of that Scripture wh.ch you call vom* only rule cf faith! ' , Tho last passngo I will notice in your uprotc*f is where you say that "1 seok to overthrow the au- thority of the Bible that I may exalt tlio dominio t of the Catholic cltuich." JW, Sir, I do no suoh thing. And I cannot persuado inysolf that thsro are many even of your oim follower.! so duped b/ you a- to bdlioi-e this assertion of yours. I osteem 'and venerate the Bible, not indeed that mutilated mistranslated portion of Scriptures, which you call tho Bible, with more than sixteen hundred error. in it-but tlie wlit.le Bible pnre and authentic ai it has hoon collated, handed donn and del vored to mo by the Catholic church, without whose authority the great Saint Augustine, the second Paid, de- clared th.it he would not receive or acknowledge a veráo of it. Ido estoom and venerate, and woi. ".latefiilly accept as a most sacicd logacy, tb.ii i'otaniont or Will of a merciful God to falio.i man. And if 1 seek to exalt the dominion'ol' the Catholic church, it is bcoaiiáe 1 am authorised,4nay, eve i commanded by the Holy Bible, todo so-becau«i> it assures mo that ? that "cliumli is built upon a. rock, and tlio gatos ol' hell »hull not pi-avail a.*-aini, it."-Matt. s«i. l8-that no power .of. mm, of devils, shall over bo ublo to overthrow it-^.'.chat a hnfh not siwt or wrinkle, but is ,«hjly and without blemish,-Eph. v. 27;-"that it is tho oliurch of the li« ing God, the pillar and' the ground^ of thu truth."-I Tim. iii. 15 ; and f.iat if " I do not hca* and obey it, I am nothing hi u a heathon and pub- lican"-a pewou neither r/cognising nar knowing tho Into God in it maunec/protitablo to salvaiion. Matt, xviii. 17. Oil! y.,«. Ilidloy, computo vour sell with yourself.- coiripare toguthOi* the different parts of your public./"-protftsl" against'm'y letter, and tho whole of it «rich the Bible. S*e' whether you cm bear tho d oublo contrast. .Again, I would, odiort you to humble yourself in prayer, "hoaom." as a little child, j«, prepone« of« God." lio not any longer "wrc»', t0 your own d8strmitiSif'"('H-*>«-«'«î ni. IO), tho«» j "S^ripturoJihat aro in^Crt4 of Qfa* and proSr-^io totead,. to reprave, t-o. correct, to. instruct'"vjustico."-2¡Tim. iii. IO. .'Bjt'nolouger nea a^bou 4), but sp , - .-." w. ".o v.." "liopherd"- ^--" .., --,, -. ot which you can have no cerkajiitv of belief-il i /nth,and'thereíoro cao "not iwsaiblyploajo G>1.' .-Heb. ti. C. . ...j.« « In conclusion, I again «üsolaiin, aHíviAéitíon of bsing diacourteous or oiTarcsivij tOjWiitiji.yourielt. You must know that it ia the principles'and 'äoi trine,w>b the wfin, Ioonteiid'with. But m you have gratuitously oommwieod this corroijiondenoe, »mi addressed me through the public pre« without haying the oourlesy to send mi* the maausovipt of your letter, I beg to say with all rospeot, that yci oaiifha-'e na claim on nía for a oontinuano» of such I, oorrospondeaco, aud that I do not intend to t»w any farther notice of any oomrauniostioni that yotix. may in future think proper to addreu to me on thl»; auhjeot either publicly or privately. I have the honour to be, Rev. Sir, ' Yonr.nli<«lt«nt> aAnrant Ipa-vich. 20th February, 1855.. ucounw «erraux» W. M'GINTY. 