MBOHAJaTB» lwmi'1'lfJT.B. Toujours Anniversary of this flourishing Institute was escheated to Wednesday evening by a TeeJuTetfiaf ghost numerously; and respectably attended. Among the visitors. were lAs&eelleaey; and Mrs muG*nA the Ootalal Secret, Roses, the Advo oats-Genera], Mr »wt» K Lsfror, Out. Elliot. T. 5. Ys^BsgT*r The firmness of the Institute, Hon. WVS.BWSSO^W»* intiufOuair. On the «nivajOFBITE»«!' UREN-In years lease of the Institute. so lately stammered. Under the .'.'h«r»h»P o' 2" Cauldwell struck up the National Anthem, but as well as several pieces played during the evening, were performed in a very creditable manner, Considering how short a time the year Musicians have been under tuition Tea having been concluded. the Chairman commenced the business of the creditor, with a short introductory address, in which he referred to the great success the In situate had met with and the many benefits it is calculated to confer upon the working classes of the community He then called upon the Secretary Mr Reilly, who road the following Report Has 17 Waves of.'? K*°*U"*3> Mr Pr-Unt, Lil and Gentlemen. Your Committee in»ubraitling their An old Report for your adoption, hens to Congress late Mrs Hockey On the progress of the institute, damp the hut It months, and ii II with much pleasure that they refer to the treatment of the town run, and to the cheering efforts which sure to call a Bently crowned the officers in their endeavors to procure the genuine! interest and welfare of the loiUtuta but however anxious in the duties, they would have been entirely frustrated but for the reverend and praiseworthy philantrophy of our fellow townsmen who, in 'her noble spirit so characteristic of fatherland, sustained us in our stringency, and that by united efforts, removed by Uttisute from an embaraMod to insolvent cool dull, thereby enabling your Committee to make a further extent) " to huuM accommodation as well at to increase to our Library- what a poor past few presents itself to our view worthy of our fondest anticipate look to see that london co np*rttion,)pl«oiog within the reach of the humblest class- of our community, a Reading Room, wherein boon erection of amusement may enter lain and ennoble the mind, by the diffusion of useful and intellectual knowledge In recurring to our Financial Statement, your Committee would beg to observe that it did appear in the last Annual Meeting of the Institute in debt was £16 12s 2d, and that there was a hope then expressed that ere long the debt would be liquidated We have now the gratification to state that, the hope has been realized Our re- en pts during the next year enabling it to do to | which, including £60 from the Local Government, amounted to £160 lit sky, and our expenditure for the same period being 159 Os 4d, thus leaving a balance in favor of the Institute on 31st December last of 6s 6d t but, notwithstanding this apparent reedit, we have borne liabilities not taken into account for the current year, but which we trail by our united efforts, aided by the kind co-operative of a generous and enlightened public, men to discharge. The Library during the past year has been son recently increased both by contributions from in rium gentlemen of the colony as well as a supply of 400 volumes from England, to that at present It numbers Doo volumes, some of which are from the pen of the most eminent and popular authors of the day and comprising as they do historical and dramatical works, books on the arts and sciences, and other work suitable to the taste of all who was to avail themselves of its benefits It it therefore with feelings of the highest gratifies. HOD that your Committee beg leave to announce that since the accession of the new books to the Library, their Members have in like manner considerably increased, indeed far beyond their most sanguine expectation, and it is evident at the present time that a desire to acquire knowledge by entering upon a general course of reading exists to a vast extent amongst the working classes of our community for during the last quarter of 1854there was heard from the Library 1200 books, evidence in itself of his love of knowledge, which is one of the most ennobling attributes of the human mind, and a dementia are proof of the in calculable benefits derivable from the establish meat of Mechanics' Institutes At the commencement of the year 1864 the number of members on our books were 06, but notwithstanding the exodus to the sister colonies, of several of the then members, consequent upon the inducement to the gold Q Ida and the reputed advance in wages, we nevertheless tend in equal numbers It is the period in question-the number of Members now borne on our books being 98, with a considerable increase or Annual Subscribers of one guinea and upwards, which at present number 80-ton we entertain a hope that at our next Annual Meeting we will be able to announce at least double that number. Your Committee having already briefly adverted to the subject of house accommodation, would now merely beg to observe that on this point they have endeavored to carry out the wishes of its members, and with this view have erected within the last 11 months two rooms (with orchestra and store room) one for the Curator and the other for the Librarum it a coil of about 1200., but this sum would fall considerably short of its construction bat for the praiseworthy and meritorious conduct of Mr George Lazenby, the contractor, whose tender on that occasion was sixty pounds under that of any of the other his mechanics who tendered for its erection-thus shewing a name it proof for the interest of the Institute and of the laudable mira be entertained for its advancement and progress A hope was also entertained at the lett Annual Feeling that Your Committee would be enabled to procure the services of Mr Caldwell, with the view of forming a music class in connexion with the IaitituU ) this desire has been arrived at, and his efforts the evening to entertain this honorable and highly respectable Meeting, warrants we to do! in many months elapse our Institute *."?.«; a practised and we trust an efficient band, was Members weekly Discussion Class has been U attended during the past year, and it at all was created e of much lively animation, to that a *2*UsoterteldBd that with candour and mild too, this part of speakers, it will be productive «jaWd»aIgoed Inductive to a love of reading, ^{WAtMUiftl in diffusing a sound BIM! partly MESSINA? ot P"*>»«i Malacari and Wop verbs Members of our Institute. rowpComairt^, white on the subject would JJ observe that a IContbly Members Lecture ^*T,iUWW>«l'iariBg the past year ; but information was nearly at the close of the year, Ô/JÏÎL share London stating delivered, eil í»drí¿,¡LWJ,,*,b1'«"»ruotlve and InUreetlng, see from my COMMon of make «InjioipaC was good will result. iJUZJnPV" Mention of your Committee viz ***«1 during the past yawV^ettsblUbmeot "NEXT' Jest as Mr forssauon of teatree for 22sec was found to be a heavy berrW f» ow ¿.Ä£'"£h~>tttm desirous to ovtMstM sil "JVm.oUUt* that tended to mar ear protest, SC32 °»f.»>».» as oosjuanloation with the JT*W«*Ulajlona In Perth with the view of niMafri {*ii?M'<>m*nU hereby w. might be JJ»Wteb«lklan additional wing to the Paris Petit beresgalo we encountered disappoint. ?"« chair pretest band' presented their car tendering our proposal We had next recourse to a special General Meeting of the Committee, as titled by the Vice President. to dev IM means for carrying our eWred object into operation a whereat it was agreed that application be made to the Local Government to grant an Ordinance empowering the trustees to raise a sum not exceed the 6000 upon the property of the Institute, and in accordance with this minute your Committee applied to the Local Govern- meat and received a reply with that promptitude so eminently charge variation of His Excellency the Governor in matters connected with the interests of the Institute, that " He was most happy to accede to our wishes " and your Committee therefore intend to avail themselves of his favor by laying before the Legislative Council at its next sitting a Bill for that purpose which Bill is now in course of preparation by OF Stone, EM Such, sir, it a succinct account of our frantic Hunt for the past year a we will now now pass on to other subjects. equally important to the inlet of the Institute, hoping they will be as gratifying to the public as it is our plotting duty to su promise them Your Committee have the great pleasure and high gratification of presenting their grateful so knowledgments and sincere thanks to His Excel- he nor the Governor for the lively interest he has at all times evinced towards the welfare of the institute, and it is gratifying to us as a body to testify our approbation of him personally ; but as Patron of our Society, be will long be remembered end clashed in the highest estimation by the Swan River Mechanics' Institute A most pleasing duty now devolves upon us to express and convey our best thanks to those gentlemen who have during the past year sustained it by their parents in the delivery of Lectures within the Hall of the Institute, and we cannot allow our Annual Meeting to close its proceeding!, without placing on its records the high tense and admiration we entertain of the Honorable the Colonial Secretary, Alfred Durlacher, Esq ; the Rev Mr Leonard, and Mr Ca tech ist Johnston, of the Government School, for the values e services rendered by these gentlemen to the Institute. We would also wish in connection with these honorable and talented gentlemen, to express our gratitude to those gentlemen who have presented at with books and other publications during the past year and in Ano, our most grateful and unbounded thanks to all our fellow townsmen in get more!, for their bounteous support to the Institute Trotting it will be received in that spirit which it it intended to germinate and foster a closer ad heston to the institute Four Committee before quitting this subject, are desirous to accord to individual worth and starling merit their due meed of praise, but where all have so nobly contributed, it might appear as a vain adulation to draw a companion , but apart from this consideration we respectfully trust that we may be permitted to testify to Captain Elliot, of the 99th Regiment, our unfeigned thanks for his munificent monthly donation. We have also to thank the gentlemen of the press for the kindness with which their columns were at all times open to us, and your Committee beg therefore to tender their thanks to Messrs Shenton and Stirling for their advocacy in the cause of the Institute during the past year. In conclusion, your Committee would beg to remind the Members of the Institute that each have a duty to perform energy is required of all, unity the life of all, and a kind co-operation essential in all, if these be adhered to, we may look forward with a pleating hope, that under an all wise Providence the Swan River Mechanics' Institute will advance in the estimation of the public, progres in literature, in art; and science, a school of moral instruction to the mechanic, the artisan and la honor, and incentive in strengthening the bonds of social love and cheering to exertions of greater industry In fine, Mr President, your Committee do hope that years of peace, happiness, and prosperity may be given to you long to preside over this Institute The Hon li Birnie, Esq, Advocate General moved the adoption of the Report in a speech after his usual effective manner We regret not being able to give the hon gentleman's observations, but they were such as to call forth repeated applause The following propositions were also moved and seconded, the parties generally making a short comment upon the task alloted to them - Proposed by Mr Larcuby and seconded by Sir E Stirling That the fire Wit thanks of the Mr. King tra heartily ' hereby Wodartd to Hit Kio.fl.noT UM C a of the Heckle far Iba king 1 CODCIRHTDI and IWtly InUrnt stomach he had always evinced towards the advancement and progress of the luitltuUi Proposed by Mr Allmond and seconded by Mr Gorman - That the best thinks of the Members are due and hereby given to those Gentlemen who have during Ihn put yew sustained at by the Uleatt and abilities in Lootanng Proposed by A Durlacher, Esq, and seconded by Mr B Smith - "That the hearty thanks of the Institute was cheerfully accorded to those Ladies and Gentleman who bare to liberally contributed to the funds of the pasture during the past year The hon Colonial Secretary, W A San- ford, Esq , proposed the next resolution - "That this Meeting van with pleasure the adoption of the Mechanics' Institute to state the mental wants of the working clauses of Perth's endeavoring to elevate their minds and at a stimulant to half lmprovaiu«ut~lh« erection of which it being dull; nunlfMled Mr Sanford made a long and interesting speech, in which he said he Ima rd with great pleasure that since the formation of the In stitute, there had been a very marked decrease in drunkenness, and that the publicans that where they sell one glass of brandy near they formerly sold a dozen He cautioned the members against allowing themselves to be carried away with the notion which had been found productive of so much evil to Me- chanics Institutes in the mother country that by reading a popular treatise on any particular source, they obtained a large an amount of knowledge of it, as those who had made it the study of many laborious years. T. N Yule, Esq., seconded the proposition and said that he could scarcely corroborate the inference to be drawn from the remark of Mr Sanford on the decrease of drunkenness since the formation of the Institute 2 there was no doubt of the decrease but he was rather inclined to think it arose more (from physical force than any mond cause. He perfectly concurred in the remarks which had been made as to the advantages, to be derived by the working classes from the Institute, and was dtMbroas of drawing special attention to a measure also calculated to benefit them, and which he hoped soon to see carried out by the Executive the Establishment of a Saving's Bank. Proposed by Mr John Smith and seconded by Mr Cresswell t THE M talf.twproT«wt*ati* out of the kadJaf years' terrible (cataract of steerable UstltaäwM, tUs asked pedals itself to give to this taatiUts that »oaateaaa*» and support ««QMurtfy outwitted .. after in turn) power IN laflWaoa. Capt. Elliot proposed, seconded by Mr A. Shenton TWU. thinks of tea Mtwtlaf art oonliaUv Godsend to the. rtUOttald and the ladies who have booofvd to with lttolrpri«fOi tait events. His Excellency the Governor arose, and said that he could not allow this, probably the last time he should be spent at a Meeting of the Institute, to pass without offering a few farewell observations.. Dyring the reading of the report, and also in the propositions which had been put, he had noticed allusions to himself a toe Patron, as such he had had but few opportunities of serving them, but these he had gladly availed of. He well remembered when about four years since, one rainy afternoon as he was sitting by the Arc considering how apparently fruitless had been his mission to the colony, and how all he had attempted to benefit it had failed, one of the founders of the institute Mr Hamblin is believed called to request him to become the Patron, and after his departure he thought to himself that it like other things could not succeed the people were too much cast down, too despairing. With what great pleasure it was he now found his anticipations were ill founded, and how gladly be recognised the fact that the Institute was now fairly established beyond doubt. His Excellency then recommending unanimiCTfaong the members resumed his seat, amit roog and repeated rounds of applause. ' ? j The Hon Advocate General then proposed the thanks of Ind Meeting to the President and the officers of the Institute, and wound up a humourous oration by an inimitable told anecdote of a Scotch pedlar's definition of the Sciences. The Rev. J. Leonard seconded Mr Birnie's proposition. The Chairman briefly returned thanks and alluding to the lateness of the hour, wished those present good night, and the numerous company then departed after the enjoyment of one of the most pleasant evenings we have ever spent at a tea meeting. 