A STORY OF COLT'S REVOLVERS. Aw Irishman, formerly well known as one of the choicest spirits in Trinity College, Dublin, but who, owing to the dilapidated fortunes of his ancient family expatriated himselfsoone few years since, and entered the Turkish army, wrote a letter, or rather a journal, addressed to a friend, about a year since, of which the foltowiing is an extract:--" It may suffice to state that' le was engaged in the Turkish campaign in Asia, and, during a severe engageoment, was wonnfn aed on the heights of Basci e-Kadik- Lar. 'After havin- described the horrors of the field and'his narroiv escapes in two ~or three skirmishes, he gave the detail .of his sufferings for a day and two nights, during which he lay exposed 'among the slain and wounded on the 'field of battle. The story of the man "ner of his escape feom two plunderers or camp-followers, by nmeas of a i'seolvo ?ng pistol, is so curious that I make no -pology for extracting and forwardina a.. somewhat lengthy passage. Th'e whole letter appeared to me most sin'emu lar and interesting, but this part of it more so than any; for how many of our poor fellows at Alma, and more especially at Inkerman, may have been .depsrived of life under somew-hat similar circumstances, without halppening to have the same means of resistance. If this story act as a hint to our soldiers 'and onr future authorities, I shall ha Well repaid for the trouble I have taken. As to the truth of the tale, let it spoak foa itself. There are some thin's that cannot he imagined or invented .so ?asily as they may hnpen. If ward ,solate the world phlysically, it cannot be denied that it is at least a fertile romancist. I will now commence tie narrative, bee-inning about the middle bf the journar:--' All had for long" been silent, save occasionally a gron fo'om some peer devil, wounded likfecme, per haps dying, and tie howling of tim wolves from the forest skirting the field of battle--a prettv sort of wake for a decent Christian Turk, anti worst by distances I can tell you, my dear-, than • Pat lioulagan's grandmother's screeches the night we entered her cabin on the moor after that famous day's snipe shooting, when they laid him out, as they said, "so dacent, wid the plate on his chest, tie spalpeen." Well, to return from this digression I felt how fortunate it was that I lay so near the middle of tie plain-a sort of centre dish, you see--since otherwise I would have been torn by some savage beast or other, before any one would have been likely to inquire into the precise zoolo gical nature of my disease. I know very well the next moinine- I should be oesaued, as I could see that the Rus -ians were retiring, their fires being- all out this night, and I had just said to tnysel; "Jack, it is oll right, you will be easy and comfortable with your limb elegantly bandaged to-merrow," and I actually tried to whistle "Tie Delis of Shandon" and "Rory O'dlore," and one or two other tunes to keep up my spirits. It was rather a failure both in execu tion and intention, I will own. And now for a description which our old friend Charley Lever might do justice to. Oh a leafless tree near me sat six or seven huge birds of proy, gor_-'d with their horrible repast. I knew tsey w.Wer.e not likely to touch me whilst I re oaoained living--I cannot add, lively; hutt suddenly I saw a figare flitting too and f o, like the ghost of my aunt--, and occ isionally stooping, as if engaged ein samo office of mercy, and thlereby ,oibs.yand then lost among the broken 'groups of men, horses, &c.;, heaped upon time plain, andu now and then omer'ging into' tie bi'iaht light of the moon as it cams foirthteeom behind tihe lark masses of clouds that occasionally obscured that terrible lanfdscape. "What is it?" says I. Presently I became awvacr' of the existence of' four or five other figeurss seimilaly employed. At one time I thought they avere women, and then, prieets administering consolation and aid. 1.eo'iiuht of tie Slsanislh stories posre " 7r?At~k usedl to tell sis. I knew w oers monks in Asia, tlmouhle I '1,: 'not tell whvere these came from. s:?. i oll kinds of stranee thougehts of ',s and vampires, thb very creations ,"tho country I was in, suggested them elves to my imagination. I gazed en. il I could gaze no longer at their forms, \- 'ibh seemed hardly to approacli nearer, "t',t length fell back contemplating n ,.y halo around ti 'moon, which me in mind of tIe Cove .of ?6rk and Lucy M '-- , tle darlin-. £amight have continued thus about ha'f an hour, when a sound caused .mn to turn round,.and I beheld a sight tflnt filled me' with horror. A figaro like one of the witches in alobeth was stooping over and grappling" vith the wounded Russian general, who lay some ten paces distant from me. I could hear every breath anid movement of the pair as the veteran stni-ugglod with his fiendish assailant. There wsas a fearful stilfness about that deed; for the victim uttered not a word, probably in disdain of his fate. 'At length he succeeded in holding; off hee skinny and ensaneuinod a'rm, aid while doing so uttered' a few words in Russian, wvhiche I could not undorstand. Finding her task difficult, she gave a hiss like a serpent, an01 pr'e sently a male confedeoat , looking" like Burke ot IIars clothed for an Atldlphi moelodrma, such as I have seen in Lou don,'stole to her assistance, anil deliber ately passed a long knifeinto thie bosom of the hapless Russian. I hieard tile sound of it, antd thie lhow dee, groan tleet followed. Vainly had I endeavouii'ed tb shout, in order to scare these fiends from their prey; but my tongue clave to the roof of my mouth. I was like one under a nightmare. Suddenly the moon dived beneath a cloud. When it came out again the spoilers of the field of death had finished plundering the Russian general whose white hair, livid features, and starting eye, I could plainly see, and were engaged in divid ing or securing the booty. Tle glitter ing eyes of the wrinkled Zingara, for such she was, then turned upon ms. It was evident from their expression that my turn was at land. A tumult of thoughts agitated my breast. To die thus, after escaping with life from the events of the week. It was horrible. Already I felt the clutch of those bird like fingers at my throat. Already I fancied those butcier-like finagrs at my throat. Already I fancied that butcher like knife, red from a hundred murders, and warm from the old general's side, slowly passing into my breast. I coulil offer no resistance. M1I left arm w.i broken-myankle twista--mystrength utterly gone. I raieiod myself partly up, as with hideous deliberation the p uir cautiously approached, one o: each side. What wouldI have given at that me ment to be heading "a forlorn hope;'" to be struggling with the breakers as when lately wrecked in tle stormy O.s plan; to be standing opposite the best saw-handle shot in the County Galway; to be hob-nobbinl over my fither's claret, in my grancdtther's house, w;th the blackguard attorney who ruined us all; to be listening- to the unmistake able refusal to mirry ms of the only -irl I ever loved, or be arrested by a dirty tailor on the eve of. a steeple chase in which I was the favourite -santleman rider. Don't fancy that I tKionu-ht of all these things at that time, thonugh I never thought so much in a year as I did in those few moments. TTe ugly Jewish features of the man approached me with the fascination of a serpeat. I twisted myself around to meet the still more fiendish glance of the womin. They neared me. The clutch of the man is upraised. Suddanly the cords of speech were loosened, and I screamed -screamed like a horso in the agony of the battle-field. I shall never forget the sound of my own voice in that un earthly cry. Tle monsters drew back, but it was only to look at each ether and indulge in a chuckle of ghastly merriment. "' At that instant I thought of some thing-with my right hand I drew forth my Colt's revolver. I remembered distinctly during the instant it took to pluck it forth, all the incidents of the two days previons-- ach time I had fired it, and that there were two charges left when I was shot down from my horse. To snatch it forth-to cock it to level it-to pull the trigger-was the work of a second. Down went the man, a filthy corpsie upoln the .ground. I remember seeing the shadowy forms of the obscene bir-a grouped cropful in the sblitarv tree near me, lazily extend ed their wings as the sharp report rang out. Tle hag fled halfa dozen paces, like a startled ghoul; but she was bur thened withl spoil, and her foot caught against the very corpse of him whom she had last assisted to murder. Befoir she could rise, I had covered her with my pistol. One! two! three! "She has it! " I cried. But it was not fited she should enjoy the privilege of instant death. She fell wounded and crippled. Her moans and m:ledictions were hor rible. I had struck her, I believe, in the hip-joint. At length, I conceive.l tlhe idea of dragging myself from the appalling vicinity ; for the;e two wretches had mlade the' necastomed siwghts and sounds of the battle-field funiliar and endurable by compirison with their nai'ghbourhood either in life or death. I was not disturbed again that nighlt, and indeed do not remember much more, until I found myself on a litter, andt among friendly fices. Look ing forth, as I wae borain away, I s.aw only one sight in all that glhastly field of death. It was the old Zingara's corpse. Plundered in turn by my sol diers, it lay naked, stripp3ul of its gaudy rage, and a monstrous vulture had select ed it for its prey, as something. more corrupt than all that lay around. .. "' LM faithful Achmettold me that for four hoiirs after they found ms lie could not succeed in getting me to relax my gripe on my Colt's pistol. If I survive these wars, and ever become a respact able citizen in "ould Ireland" iiga:n, that weapon shall be a precious heir loom to hand d)wn to my children's children, as the instrument of my providential escape from such a death.' " We learn with regret, from the cor respondent who las furnished us with the above extract, that tlhe writer was soon after killed, and the unfinished letter, or rather journal, addressed to a dear friend, was forwarded, after many months had elapsed, at the closa of last year, by a Scotch renegade in the same regiment, to its intended destination. 