YOTJNGr MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION". T_-* , ---_-----... «_ - _vi'W-<-,.J.VSJ>1. IíASt evening, the fourth of the course of lectures in connection with this Association was delivered in the Hall of the School of Arts to a very large and respect- able audience, by the Rev. S. C. Kent. The chair was taken at eifrht o'clock, by T. W. Smith, Esq. The Rev. S. C. K~it then, in accordance with the rulea of the Association, before commencing his lecture, engaged in prayer. The subject chosen on the occa- sion by the lecturer was *' Mormonism," of the birth and rise of which the lecturer gave a very detailed history. The lecturer said : The youag men of this Christian Association will, I doubt not, permit me, on this my first appearaneebeforo them, to express the deep interest I feel in their welfare, and my willing- ness, during my residence in this city, to serve them asi may be able, or as often as opportunity may occur. The subject on which I am to lecture is " Mor- monism." I have selected this subject because it is of present interest; because I fear that it has been too nuich, neglected by our public teachers ; and be- cause it is desirable that our young men should be acquainted with, and able to expose this imposture. We propose to place before you a brief statement of the rise, progress, and present position of the sect of Mormon, the hiBtory of which supplies an instance of religious fraud, on the one hand, and of silly credulity on the other, that has not been equalled by any similar attempt to palm an i-npudent fabrication upon the «imple and unsuspecting during many centuries. From the successes of the German Anabaptists, Johanna Southcote, the Bridgewater Agapemone, and the founder and teacher ot Mormonism, we are compelled to infer that no absurdity of fanaticism ia too outrage- ous to attract believers, Bccauso the pleasure is as great In being cheated a« to oheat. The remarkable career of Joseph Smith, the prophet of the Mormons, or Latter Day Saints, and the story oftheriseofthe sect which he founded, is _ne of the most curious episodes in the modern history of the world. To give anything like a complete view of the history of Mormonism, from the day in which its doc- trines were first ibfbached, amid the hatred and deri- sion of a few, to the present day, when the sect is too powerful and too much in earnest to be despised, ia more ihan we can hope tj accomplish within the com- pass of a singlo lecture. We will, however, do what we can in the space and time allotted to us, and, lest you should expect to-» much, suffer us to remind you of the quaint lines of Butler. Slid Sir Iludlbraa to Don Fernando, A man can do no moro than he oan do. In the year 1825, there lived in a small village of the United States of America, an obsure young man, of little or no education, of no fortune, and but of indiffe- rent character. He had meditated for five years before this time the establishment of a new religion. In 1830, being then in the twenty- fifth year of his age, he began to carry his design into effect. In the following year he became the head of a sect numbering five persons, amongst whom were his father and three brothers. In the course of a few weeks the number of his adherents increased to thirty. At the present time the sect so established numbers hundreds of thousands, has its own Bible, and zealous missionaries to preach it in evsry part of the Christian world, and inhabits and possesses a fertile and beautiful territory almost as large as England. The name of this young man was Joseph Smith ; of his new Bible, the " Book of Mor- mon j" of his sect the "Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ;" and of the state or territory of which they have taken possession, Utah, in New Cali- fornia. The Mormons have thriven amid cruel oppres- sion ; have conquered the most astonishing difficulties; and can boast not only a complete organizition, but the possession of wor'dly wealth, influence, and power. Their progress has beea rapid to a degree unparalleled in the history of religious imposture. The ide» of the " Latter Days," or days immediately prior to the second coming of Christ, is one that has a great hold upon the imagination of a large class of per- sons. Smith worked upon this idea, and every earth- quake recorded in the newspapers, every war or rumour of war in Europe or America, every great ?ublic calamity, tempest, fire, or explosion was sktll ully adduced as a proof and a warning of the "Latter days." He had three great cle- ments of success in his favour, unbounded imp.dtnc?, sufficient nevelty, and unconquer- able perseverance. "It nuy be laid down as an axiom that every impostor* may at once obtain a body of disciples large enough to form the nucleus of a sect, provided he bo endowed with sufficient impu- dence. What quack ever failed to sell his pills if he mixed them with the proper quantum of mendacity ? The weakness of credulity iu some, the strength of madness in others, ensures to every fraudulent pre- tender the fulcrum which he needs. The latter cause, indeed, has no doubt contributed the corner stone to many Mormon churches besides that ofHimburg ; the founder of whieh ingenuously confesses," the woman whom I bap'.iz ;d first here was in the madhouse for a long time. She was possessed by an evil spirit for tfourteen years ' " The Mormon doctrine was both old and new. It had sufficient of the old to attract those who would have been repelled by a creed entirely new, and it had sufficient of the new to rivet the attention and inflame the imagination of those in whose minds an old creed would have taken no root. Baaing his doctrine upon isolated passages of the Bible ; claiming direct inspiration from the Almighty ; promising possession of the earth and the blessing of heaven to true believers ; and being gifted with a cou- rage ana audaeity that despised danger ; Joseph Smith .goon found himself the recognised head of a large and increasing body of ardent disciples. In order that we may do the Mormons no injustice in our statements respecting them, we will, as often as practicable, em- ploy their own word«. We wish, first of all, to hear the Prophet speak for himself. Let Joseph Smith be -'heard. .' When about fourteen years of age I began to re .fleot upon the importance of being prepared for a future state, and upon enquiring the place of salva- tion, I found that there was a great clash of religious -sentiment ; if I went to one society they referred me to one place ; and another to another ; each one pointing to his own religious creed as the summum -bonum of perfection. ... I retired to a secret place in a grove, and began to call upon the Lord. While formally engaged in supplication, my mind was taken away from the objects with which I was sur -rounded, and I was enwrapt in a heavenly vision, and saw two glorious personagea, who exactly resembled each other in features and likeness, surrounded with a brilliant light, which eclipsed the sun at noonday. They told me that all the religious denominations were believing in incorrect doctrines, and that none of them was acknowledged of God as his Church and ?Kingdom. And I was expressly commanded . to go not afterthem,' at the same timi receiving a promise, thatthe fulness of the gospel should at some future time be made known tinto ma. On the evening of 21st Sep- tember, 1823, while I was praying unto God, and en- deavouring to exercise faith in the precious promises of Scripture, on a sudden a light, like that of day, only of a far purer and more glorious appearance and brightness, burst into the room ; indeed, the first sight was as though the house was filled with a consuming fire. The appearance produced a shock that affected the whole body. In a moment a personage stood be- fore me, surrounded with a glory greater than that with which I waa already surrounded. The messenger proclaimed himself to be an angel of God, sent tobring the joyful tidings that the covenant which God made with ancient Israel was at hand to be fulfilled ; that «J_e preparatory work for the second coming of Messiah was speedily to commence ; that the timo was at hand for the gospel in all its fulness to be preached in power unto all nations, that a people might be prepared for the millennial reign. I was informed that I was chosen to be the instrument in the hands of God to bring about some of his purposes in this g^rioua dispensa- tion. I was informed also concerning the aboriginal inhabitants of this country (America), and shown who they were, and from whence they came j a brief sketch of their origin, progress, civilization, laws, governments, of their righteousness and iniquity, and the blessings of God being finally withdrawn from them as a people, was made known unto me. I was also told where there were deposited some plates on which was engraven an abridgment of the records | of the ancient prophets that had existed on this conti- nent. The angel appeared to me three times the same night. After having received many visits from the angels of God, unfolding the majesty and glory of events that should transpire in the last day*, on the morning of 22nd September, 1827, the angel of the Xord delivered the records into my hands. Tnesa records were engraven on plates, which had the ap. . pearane'e of gold. Each plate was six inches wide and eight inches long, and not quite bo thick as common tin. They were fille-I with engravings in Egyptian character*, and bound together in a volume as the leaves of u book, with three rings running through the whole. The volume was something near six inches in thickness, a part of whieh was sealed. The i \- characters on the unsealed part were small, and beau- tifully engraved. The whole book exhibited many marks of antiquity in its construction, and much skill in the art of engraving. With the records was found a curious instrument, which the ancients called Unm 'andThumraim, which consisted of two transparent «tones aet in the rim on a bow fastened toa breast- plate. Through them_ii_mof theUrüxtandThummim, I translated the recorJT*7 .*. i1**" «wdpow« of Goa. , But stay, Joseph Smith, did you not at first get up at least a part of this story to hoax the members of your own family ; and when, to your surprise, they seemed inclined to believe it, did you not remark to a neighbour, that you " had fixed the fools, and would have some fun ?" It was not until afterwards that it occurred to you that this fabrication, improved upon, might furnish what you valued more than fun. But we have done with you for the present, and wait to hear Mr. Oliver Cowderj, who says he has visited the ppot, describes the place where these golden plates were delivered into'your hands, and tell us what he knows about them. Let us hear Mr. Cjwdery. "About four miles from Palmyra, you pass a large hill on the east side of the road. The record was found to be deposited on the west side of the hill, not tar from the top, down its side. How far below the surface these records were placed I am unable to say, but from the fact, that they had been some 1400 years buried, one is ready to conclude that they were some feet below. But suffice to say, a hole of sufficient depth was dug ; at the bottom of this laid a stone of suitable size, the upper surface being smooth. At each edge was placed a large quantity of cement, and into this cement, at the four edges of this stone were placed erect four others, their bottom edges resting in the cement at the outer edges of the first stone. The four last named, when placed erect, formed a box ; the corners, or where the edges of the four came in contact, were also cemented so firmly that the moisture from without was prevented from entering. It is to be observed also that the inner surfaces of the four erect or side stones were smooth. This box was sufficiently large to admit a breastplate such as was used by the ancients to defend the chest from the arrows and weapons of their enemy. From the bottom of the box, or from the breastplate, arose three small pillars composed of the same description of cement used on the edges, and upon these three pillars were placed the records. This bex containing the records was covered with another stone, the bottom surface being flat and the upper crowning. After Mr. Smith arrived at the repository a little exertion in removing the soil from the edges of the top of the box and a light lever brought to his natural vision its contents. While viewing and contemplating this sacred treasure with wonder and astonishment, behold ! the angel of the Lord, who had previously visited him, agiin stood in his presence, and his soul was again enlightened as it was the evening before, and he was filled with the Holy Spirit, and the heavenB were opened, and the glory of the Lord shone round about and rested upon him. While he thus stood gazing and admiring, the angel said, ' L'wk ! ' and as he thus spake he beheld the Prince of Darknesp, surrounded by his innumerable train of associates. All this passed before him, and the heavenly messenger said-'All this is Bhown, the good and the evil, the holy and impure, the glory of God, and the power of darkness, that you may know hereafter the two powers, and never be influenced or overcome by the wicked one. You cannot at this time obtain this record, for the commandment of God is strict, and if ever these sacred things are obtained, they must be by prayer and faithfulness in obeying the Lord.' . . . During the period of the four following years he frequently received instruction from the mouth af the heavenly messenger, and on the morning of the 22ad September, 1827, the angel of the Lord delivered the records into his hands." And now, perhaps, Mr. Cowdery, you will tell us what Mr. Smith did witU these plates ? " Having provided himself with a home, he com- menced translating the record, by the gift and power of God, through the means of the Unm and Thum mim ; and being but a poer writer, he was under the necessity of employing a scribe to write the translation as it came from his mouth. Mr. Smith continued the work of translation as his pecuniary circumstances would permit, until he finished the unsealed part of the record. The part translated is entitled the 1 Book of Mormon,' which contains nearly as much reading as the Old Testament." We would further ask this witness whether any disterested person ever saw these plates, or any of the original characters copied from them ? (' A few of the original characters were accurately described and translated by Mr. Smith, which, with the translation, were taken by a gentleman, named Martin Harris, to the city of New York, where they were presented to a learned gentleman of the name of Anthon, who professed to be extensively acquainted with many languages, both ancient and modern. He examined them, but waB unable to decipher them cor- rectly ; but he presumed that, if the original records could be brought, he could assist in translating them." We have only one more question to ask this wit- ness : Were you ever favoured, when with Joseph Smith, with a visit from John the Baptist? " While we were employed in the work of salvation, praying and calling upon the Lord, a messenger from Heaven descended in a cloud of light, and having laid his hands upon us, he ordained us, saying unto us, . Upon you, my fellow- servants, in the name of the Messiah, I confer the priesthood of Aaron, who holds the keys of the ministering of angels, and of the gospel of repentance, and of-baptism by immersion for the remission of Bins ¡ and this shall never be taken away from the earth until the sons of Levi do offer again an offering unto the Lord in righteousness.' He said this Aaronic priesthood had not the power of laying on of hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost, but that this should be conferred on us hereafter, and he com- manded us to go and be baptized, and gave direction that Joseph Smith should baptiza one, and after- wards that I should baptize hint. Accordingly we went, and were baptised. Afterwards he laid his hands upon my head, and ordained me to the Aaronic priesthood. The messenger that visited us on this occasion and conferred the priesthosd upon us, said that his name was John, the same that ig called John the Baptist m the New Testament, and that he acted under the direction of Peter, James, and John, who hold the keys of the priesthood of Melchisedek ; which priesthood, he said, should in due time be conferred on us, and that Joseph Smith should be called the first elder and I the second." Among the persons who were originally most dis- posed to join the new sect was Martin Harris. He appears to have been possessed of more money tht»n wit, and more credulity than judgment. His religious opinions were unsettled j as he was at one time a Quaker, then a Wesleyan, then a Baptist, and when Smith met with him, a Presbyterian. He was at once captivated by the doctrines and pretensions of the prophet, and lent him money to enable him to publish his now Bible. Smith, though asked by Harris to show the plates, refused, on the pretence that he was not pure of heart enough to ba allowed a sight of such treasures ; but he generously made a copy of a portion of them upon paper, which he told him to submit to any learned scholar in the world if he wished to be satisfied. Harris ac- cordingly went to Professor Authon. And now let us hear the Professor. He says " The whole story about my pronouncing'the Mor monite inscription to be reformed Egyptian hiero- glyphics is perfectly false. Upon examining the paper io question, I soon came to the conclusion that it was all a trick. I warned Harris to beware of rogues, and advised him to go to a magistrate, and have the trunk, with the gold plates and spectacles, examined. Ho promised to open the trunk, if I would take « the curse of God,' which he feared, Bhould he so act, upon myself. I replied, I would do so with the greatest willingness, and would incur every risk of I that nature, provided I could only extricate him from the grasp of rogues." The Mormon Bible is a duodecimo volume of nearly 600 pages. It is divided into fifteen books or parts, each purporting to be written by the author whose name it bears. These profsBS to give the history of about a thousand years, from the time of Zedokiah, King of Judah, to a n. 420. The whole work professes to be an abridgment by one Moroni, the last of the Neohites, of the seed of Israel, from the re- cords of his people. Not to trouble you with details respecting this most absurd of all the pretended reve- lations from heaven, we need only say that it under- takes to trace the history of the aborigine» of America in all their apoBtacieft, pilgrimigps, trials, adventures, and wars, from the time of their leaving Jerusalem, in the reign of Zidekiab, down to their final disaster near the hill where S-nith says li? found his golden plates ; and in that final combat, according to the pro- phet Moroni, about 230,000 were slain in the battle, and he alone escaped to tell the tale. There is in the bjok itself internal evidence of ils spurious character. It abounds in errors grammatical, chronological, and philosophier»!. It relates, for in- stance, that Nephi was directed across the sea by a compass almost 2000 years before the invention of that useful instrument. The gro?s ignorance of the prophet was some years ance proved and exposed by the ftev. Henry Caswall, an episcopal clergyman of reputation. Being about to leave America for England he pwd a visit to the M irmons in order that he might be the better able to represent the iu.posture to his countrymen. It £0 happened that he had inhispossession a Greek psalter, which as a relio of antiquity was a great curiosity to anyone, but to nome of the saint« who happened to see it it wa» a marvel and a wonder. 1 Supposing ii« origin to haye been a« ancient, at least, a« the prophet's Egyptian mummy, »n* »^J"1Tm8 buttha PT««801 h,d dtt*tt froa *. bow*-of the same sacred hill whence sprung the holy book of Mormon, they importuned him to allow 'Brother Joseph' an opportunity of translating it. The Pro- fessor, with apparent reluctance, assented to the pro- position, and, accompanied by a number of the anxious brethren, repaired to the residence of the Prophet. The remarkable book was handed to him. He took it and examined its old and worn leaves, and turned over its musty pages. Expectation was now on tip-toe. The brethren looked at one another, at the book, and at the prophet. It was a most interest- ing scene. Presently the sprint of prophesy began to move within him, and he opened his mouth and spoke. -" This book," said he?, " I pronounce te be a dic- tionary of ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics. The brethren were greatly astonished at this exhibition of their prophet's power of revealing hidden things. After this exultation had Bomewhat subsided the professor coolly told them that their prophet was-a base impostor, and that the book before them was only a plain Greek psalter. The first question in a court of law », "What character does the witness bear?" Mr. Isaao Hale, with whose daughter Smith eloped, says " I first became acquainted with Joseph Smith, jun., in November, 1825. . . , His occupation was that of seeing, or pretending to see, by means of a stone placed in his hat, and his hat piacedl over his face ; in this way he pretended to discover minerals and hidden treasures. His appearance at this time was that of a careless young man, not over well educated, and very saucy and insolent to his father Smith and his father, with several other money diggers, boarded at my house while they were employed in digging for a mine that they supposed had been opened and worked by the Spaniards. ... I had a good opportunity of be- coming acquainted with bim, and somewhat acquainted with his associates ; and I conscientiously believe. . . that the Book of Mormon (so called) is a silly fabri- cation of falsehood and wickedness, got up for specu tion, and with a design to dupe the credulous and unwary, and in order that its fabricators might live upon the spoil of those who swallowed the de- ception." Fifty-one persons, of various professions and of dif- ferent religious sentiments, respectable citizens of Palmyra and Manchester, State of New York, signed an affidavit, in which the following statements occur : -Having been acquainted with the Smith family for a number of years, while they resided near this place, we have no hesitation in saying that we consider them destitute of that moral character which ought to en- title them to the confidence of any community. They were particularly infamous for visionary projects. . . . Joseph^Smith, sen., and his son Joseph (the prophet), were, in particular, considered entirely destitute of moral character, and addicted to vicious habits. Now, it requires no argument to show that God would not give revelations by a bad man ; for, if men could not believe the prophet when speaking of worldly things, they certainly could not believe him when professing to speak in God's name. But, apart from the character of Smith, wo would ask you to consider the improbable circumstances connected with the golden plates. The Egyptian language requi es a great deal more room than the English. Part of the volume of plates was sealed. The unsealed portion (which was the only part translated) fill«, in our language, 663 closely printed pages, and 116 manuscript pages were lost. And yet the sealed portion of the volumes, with the unsealed part, when put together, formed a volume only six inches in thickness. A moment's reflection will convince you that, were all this matter engraved in tho Egyptian language, on plates of the sizes described, the thickness of the volume would be much nearer twenty inches than six. Again-The regards were engraved in Egyptian characters. Why not in Hebrew. This seems to have «truck the cunning fab- ricator of the Book of Mormon, for we are gravely told in the 515th page of that book, " If our plates had been sufficiently large, we should have written in Hebrew." Why, then, were they not made larger ? It is just as easy to make plates 10 inches by 12 inches as 7 inches by 8 inches. These pretended sacred writers preferred the reformed Egyptian forsooth ! We have already informed you that " a few of the ori- ginal characters were accurately transcribed," and taken to Professor Anthon. The professor tells us-" The" characters were arranged in columns, like the Chinese mode of writing, and presented the moat singular medley I have ever beheld. Greek, Hebrew, and all sortB of letters, more or less distorted, either through unskilfulneas or from actual design, were in- termingled with sundry delineations of half-moons, stars, and other natural objects, the whole ending in a rude representation of the Mexican zodiac," And' this was a specimen of the reformed Egyptian ! We ask again-Why not use the Hebrew? Por this simple reason : any knave can make strange charac- ters on a sheet of paper, and call them " reformed Egyptian," or any other " reformed" language before unknown ; but call them Hebrew, and every scholar would at once detect the imposition. But we have no satisfactory evidence that there were any records engraved on plates. No copy was ever given. Some of the characters were sent to Professor Anthon. It was easy enough to fill a sheet of paper with strange characters, which no one on the earth or under the earth could read ? but not so easy to fill 660 pages, if there were no records. If there were any, why not give a copy ? Scholars would have studied it night and day until the mystery was unravelled. The Chinese language has been mastered. The hieroglyphics of Egypt and Nineveh have been deciphered. Why not give a copy ? Surely, because there were no plates. Martin Harris, who said he had seen the plates, when asked by a gentleman, " Did you see the plates and the engravings on them with your bodily eyes ? " replied, " Yes, I saw them with my eyes ; they were shown unto me by the power ef God, and not of man." " But did you see them with your natural, your bodily eyes, just as you see this pencil case in my hand ? " " Why, I did not see them as I do that pencil case, yet I saw them with the ey» of faith ; I saw them just as distinctly as I see anything around me, though, at the time they were cooeredooer with a cloth." Isaac Hale, Smith's father-in-law, declares, " I was shown a box, in which it waa said the plates were oontained. I waa allowed to feel the weight of the box, and they gave me to understand that the book of plates was then in the box, into which, however, I was not allowed to look. I became dissatisfied, and in- formed Joseph Smith that if there was anything in my house of that description, which I could not be allowed to see, he must take it away ; if he did not, I was determined to see it. After that the plates were said to be hid in the wood*." If there were any plates why not let hiB father-in-law see them ? And where are these plates now ? The, angel came and took them away. Part of the Book of Mormon was lost ! It la a well known fact that on one occasion Harris (Smith'e scribe) took home 116 pages; hi« wife, believing the whole to be a gross imposition, gave the manuscript to a friend, and though every effort was made it never could be found. What consequence was that ? If the translator had the plates and the Urim and Thummina, by which to decipher the engraving, nothing could be easier than to sit down and translate the missing part a second time. If Smith had had the plates, as he pretended, he would undoubtedly have done so. What did he ? Thrice fortunate man ! woman tries to ruin him, bat heaven comes to the rescue. A revelation was received in which we read-" Now, behold, I say unto you, that because you delivered up those writing-*, which you had power given unto you to translate by mean« of the Urim and Thummim, into the hands of a wicked man, you have lost them. Behold, I say unto you that you shall not translate again those words which have gone forth out of your hands." A child may see through this olumsy trick. Much might be said respecting the poverty, uui formity, and modern character of the style of this book, which, according to its translator's statement, was concealed fourteen centuries in the Bide of a hill, ¿uffer a specimen or two of its phrases, which are evidintly modern. " Churches built up to become popular in the eyes of the world." "My elder brothers, who wore Laman, Lemuel, and Sam." " Christ, for the angel spake unto me that this should be his name." In an article in the Athenoum it is well observed, " Every successive prophet predicts the future coming of Christ ; the writer has fallen into the vulgar error of mistaking an epithet for a name ; the word Christ, as all e 3uct.ted persons know, is not a name, but a Greek title of office, signifying 'the anointed.' Now, the use of a Greek term, in an age when the Greek langtiigo was unformed, and by a people with whom it was impossible for the Gree*ks to have intercourse, ia a murk of forgery so obvious and decisive, that it ought long Bince to have exposed tho delusion." Many quotations might be given from_ the Book of Mormon, which could not fail to convince you that its writer was well acquaiuti'd with the New Testament. For instance, we read in it, " the Lamb of God who should take away the sins of tho world" : " there shall be one fold and one shepherd" j "to be carnally minded is dea'.h j and to be spiritually minded is life eternal." And j et we are solemnly told these sentences were written before our Lord's birth 650 years. In the first part of thi Book of Mormon wo find several chaptera of Isaiah's prophecies. The prophet Nephi translates Isaiah's Hebrew into the reformed Egyptian, and then Joseph Smith translates the Egyp- tian into English ; and yet, wonder of wonder«, Smith'« version is as newly as oan be the same, as the authorised one. The book contains internal evidence that it was written by no prophet, ancient or modern, but by some would-be religious novelist within the last fifty years. The question haB frequently been asked, if the Book of Mormon be not a translation from the engraved plates from whence did Joseph Smith get it? It is not very probable that a man, whose education was so deficient that he was obliged to employ a person to write for him, could dictate such a book. Happily this question is by no means difficult to answer. Southey, in his ' Doctor,' affects to predict that his book will become the Scriptures of a future faith, that it will be " dug up among the ruins of London, and considered as one of the sacred books of the sacred island of the West ; and give birth to a new religion called Douery, or Danielism, which may have its chapels, churches, cathedrals, abbeys ; its synods, consistories, convocations, and councils ; its acolytes, sacristans, deacons, priests, prebendaries, canons, deans, bishops, archbishops, cardinals, and popes. ., Its High-Douers and Low-Dovers, its Danielites of a thousand unimagined and unimaginable denominations ; its schisms, heresies, Beditions, per- secutions, and wars." This wild imagination has been more than realised. While Southey was writing it at Keswick, a manuscript was lying neglected on the dusty shelves of a farmhouse in New England, which was fated to attain more than the honours which he playfully imagines as the future portion of his "Daniel Dove." Soon after the. commencement of the present cen- tury, one Solomon Spaulding wrote a religious novel, which he entitled "The Manuscript Found." Mor- mon and his son, Moroni, who act so large a part in Smith's Book of Mormon, were two of the principal characters in it. In 1812, the manuscript was pre- sented to a publisher named Patterson, with a view to its publication. Before any satisfactory arrangement could be made, the author died, and the manuscript remained in the possession of Mr. Patterson apparently unnoticed and uncared for. He died in 1826, having previously lent the manuscript to Sidney Rigdon, who afterwards became a prominent leader among the Mormons. To this manuscript were added some portions of the Bible, and various other paragraphs, and then this strange mixture of divine truth and wretched nonsense was published as the Word of God. This worthless book is now stereotyped in the chiof languages of civilized nations, and is regarded by proselytes in every quarter of the globe as a revelation from Heaven. The wife of Solomon Spaulding thus writes :-" In the town of New Salem there are numerous mounds and forts, supposed by many to be the dilapidated dwellings and fortifications of a race now extinct. Mr. Spaulding conceived the idea of giving an historical «ketch of this long-lost race. Their extreme antiauity led him to write in the most ancient style ; and as the Old Testament is the most ancient book in the world, he imitated its style as nearly as possible, His narra- tive, claimed to have been written by one of the lost nation, and to have been recovered from the earth. . . . I am sure nothing would grieve my huebaud more, were he living, than the use which has been made of his work." John Spaulding, brother to Solomon, declared upon oath that his brother's book was an historical romaneo of the first settlers in America, endeavouring to show that the American Indians are the descendants of Jews, or the lost ten tribes. He stated that it gave a detailed account of their journey from Jerusalem by land and by sea, till they arrived in America under the command of Nephi and Lshi ; and that it also men- tioned the Lamanites. He added that ho had recently read the Book of Mormon, and, to his great surprise, he found nearly the same historical matter and names as in his bro- ther's writtng«. To the b st of his recollection and belief, it was tho same that his brother wrote with the exception of the religious matter. In addition to the Book of Mormon, Joseph Smith originated and partly composed a book of Doctrines and Covenants, purporting to be direct revelations from heaven upon the temporal government of the church, the support of the poor, the tithing of members, the gathering of moneys, the education of the people, the establishment of cities and temples, the allotment of lands, the emigration of the ' Saints,' and other matters. This book abounds in grammatical inaccu- racies. For example, we read "God that knowest thy thoughts"-" Your Father who art in heaven knowest" -" And the spirit and the body is tho soul of man" " The stars also givelh their light as they roll upon their wings in glory"-"Her whositteth upon many waters" - "Thou shalt not covet thine own property, but impart it freely to the printing of the Book of Mormon." The Divine Being is frequently represented in these revelations as giving Joseph his proper designation of Smith, Junior. One great object which the prophet evidently had in view was to exalt and provide for himself. Thus we read, " Behold, verily, verily, I say unto thee, no one shall be appointed to receive com- mandments and revelations in this Church except my servant Joseph Smith." " Magnify thine office ; and after thou hast sowed thy fields and secured them ( .' ) go speedily, &c.;" " It is meet that my servant Joseph Smith, jun., should have a house built." " If yo desire the mysteries of my kingdom provide for Joseph Smith, jun., food and raiment, and whatsoever thing he tieedeth." Another objeot of these pretended reve- lations was to silence the dissatisfied and awe the dis- obedient. Whenever anything went wrong in the Morman Church a revelation came. " Hearken unto me, saith the Lord your God, for my servant Oliver Cowdery's sake. It is not wisdom in me that he should be entrusted with the commandments and the monies which he shall carry into the land of Zion, ex- cept one go with him who will be true and faithful." This book of doctrines and covenants is continually receiving additions, as the president for the time being obtains revelations of the Divine will. At first Smith only claimed to have miraculously dis- covered a sacred record, and did not himself pretend to inspiration ; then he proclaimed himself a prophet divinely commissioned to introduce a new dispensa- tion, and received a revelation establishing him in that character, and commanding men to *' give heed unto all his words and commandments." We will allow him to speak for himself respecting his success. He Bayg_** On the 6th of April, 1830, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints was first organised in the town of Manchester, Ontario county, state of New York. Some few were called and ordained by the spirit of revelation and prophecy, and began to preach a« the Spirit gave them utterance, and though weak, yet were they strengthened by the power of God ; and many were brought to repentance, were immersed in the water, and were filled with the Holy Ghost by the laying on of hands. They Baw visions and prophesied, devils were cast out, and the sick healed by the laying on of hands. From that time the work rolled Jorth with astonishing rapidity, and churohes wero soon formed in the «tates of New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri ; in the last named state a considerable settlement was formed in Jackson county." " They took up their abode in the state of Missouri',' says Mr. Buckingham, " where they purchased some lands. Not content, however, with eccupying what they could buy, and living on the produce of what they could till, they began to preach that Missouri was the promised land, covenanted by God to bo given to the believers of the book of Mormon, and that it was their duty, If they could not obtain it peaceably, to take it by force of arms, and to drive out the unbe- lievers there. The previous settlers anticipated the MormoniteB by taking up arms and expelling them from the «tate. This was not done without many a hard struggle, for, being all armed, they fought desperately, and many were killed and wounded on either side." Twelve thousand of these exiles crossed the Missis sipi. In Hancock county, in the state of Illinois, they commenced a city caU'd Nauveo (' the beautiful') which in December 1840 received an Act of Incorporation from the Legislature. In tho course of l8 months they erected 2000 houses and called the place tho "Holy City." Smith was appointed its mayor. Ho was both the temporal and spiritual head of his people, and he enjoyed besides the titles of " Prophet," " President," and " Mayor ;" the military title " Ge- neral" Smith, in right of his command over a body of mili'ia, consisting of about 4000 men, which he organised under the name of the Nauvoo Legion. A revelation to the effect that a mansion house was to be built for tho prophet was received. " Let it be built in my name, and let my servant Joseph Smith and his I house have plane therein from generation to genora I tion, saith the Lord ; and let the name of the house be called Ñauvoo House, and lot it be a delightful habi- tation for man." The building of a temple also was commanded, and on this edifice nearly a million doll'rs wore expended. Shortly bef;rc the foundation stone of this temple was laid Smith attracted tho attention of a man whom he appointed to a military command, and who figured as Major General Bsnnett. He seem» to have had an idea that by means of Mormonism he might becomu ot importance in America, and wrote to the prophet to propose himself as his" right-hand man." " You know," said he, "that Mahomet had his right hand man " Bennett and Smith at length quarrelled. Bennett made disclosures which naturally provoked opposition to the prophet's administration. A news- paper was set up in the "holy city," in the columns of whioh his conduct towards bia ignorant dupe» mu fearlessly exposed; Smith, therefore, collected a mob of his most devoted adherents, who proceeded to the office of the paper, and razed it to the ground. _ A writ was issued by the legal authorities of Illinois against Joseph and Hiram Smith as abettors of the not. Its execution was resisted. At length Smith surrendered, and was committed to the county gaol at Carthage. The popular mind was at this time strongly excited against the Mormons. A body of armed men overpowered the feeble guard of the gaol, and fired their rifles upon the prisoners. A ball killed Hiram on the spot. Joseph attempted to escape by leaping the window, but was stunned by his fall, and while in a state of insensibility was shot by the mob. He died on June 27th, 1814, in the 39 th year of his age. The murder of Smith was greatly deplored. The sincerest opponents of Mormonism were those who wero most grieved at it. Joseph Smith murdered was a greater prophet than Joseph Smith alive, and it was predicted by both friends and foes that however rapid the pro- gress of the sect might have been, it would now be still more so. Yet when we consider the audacious blas- phemies in which he had traded for so many years, and the awful guilt which he had incurred in making the voice of heaven pander to his own avarice and lust, we cannot deny that in his punishment the wrath of lawless men fulfilled the righteousness of God. Upon the prophet's death four claimants, Sidney Rigdon, William Smith, Lymau Wighk^fhd Brigham Young disputed the allegiance of flivT faithful. The latter was elected, and the others were excom- municated. Even the great Sydney Rigdon, although the Sacred Book declared" him equal with the prophet, was delivered over to Satan An interval of scarcely interrupted progress followed, during which the temple was completed. The following is a sample of the consecration service " Ho, ho I for the temp'c's complofeJ, Tho Lord bath a place for his bead ; The priesthood in power now lightens The way of the living; and dead. Sec, «eel mid the world's dreadful splendours, Christianity, folly, and siuoid, The Murrnong, l ic diligent Mormon«, Have reared up this house to tue Lord." In 1815 tho treublcs wiro renewed j perpetual oonfliot«, In which blood waa ehed, occurred ; and the city was regularly b* seined. At length tho Mormon», consoious of their inability to oopo with their antagonists, engaged altogether to quit tho State. This lime it was no mero temporary neighbouring refuge whiah they sought. Aware of tho hostility to whloh they would bo oanstantly cxpo*od in any portion of the populated Mates, thoy resolved to escape entirely from tho settled territory, and to seek far off, beyond tho Kocky Mountains, eojio socluded and tiucccupied retreat, In which they could, »touro from molestation, build their oirthly Zion; and by gathering thither from all quarters of the worl t, tho convcrta to their faith, become a thriving community, too potont to be further interfered with. This remarkable pilgrimage, involving the removal of some thousanrla of men, women, children, and cattle, ovor a thousand untroddon miles ; across wide, unbridgetl rivers ; by the difficult passe» of snow-cap, ed mountains; una through deserts, prairies, and tribes of Indians-was at onco oommenccd. A. party of pioneers sot out In February, 1811, the waggons cross- ing the Mississippi on the ice. The c were to prepare the way for the ranln body of the durons. Their departure wa«, however, hastened by their opponents, who attackod the town and expelió 1 thom all. After dreadful sufTerini*» from cold and heat, hunger and drcase, flntllrg It Impossible to reaoh their destination until thu follow ng year, they encamped upon tho bank« of tho Missouri, s>nd after a dreary winter, began tholr march towards their final tcttloraont, and rooned thevjlleyof the Great Silt L.ko on tho 21st July. This no territory of considerable extent, enclosed on all sides hy high rocky mountain». The lako itself is nearly 300 miles In ciroutufcrenca, with islands rising from ita turfaoe. Its thores in some pi iocs aro cove-rod with tho ftnest silt, and its water I» us buoyant a* that of the Dead San. Portions of tho lai d arc desert, but n vast expinao is wonilorfally forillo, ar.d abounds In all facilities for pasturage and oultlvitloi. Hore the Mormons have no» firmly fixed them- selves, aid have mado since 1813 oontlnuul progrès«. Farther eettloments luve boen established, and several cities foua led-that of the Great 8 dt Lako itself has a plot of several aores destined to eupp rt a temple, far exceeding the former one In niagm&ccnoe.; Ia physical prosperity tho new oommanweulth lus udvanoed with a rapidity truly wonderful. An admirable sj norn of irrigation has been completed ; bridges over the principal rivers have been built ; Ironwork«, coil minos, faotouc«, njil work«, and innumerable rawing millB exist, public bath« h ivo been orectott ; regular mails have boen established with S m Francisco on the P.etflo, and Nsw York on the Atlantic ; nnd a university has boen founded, in which one of the npostlcB gives lectures on astronomy, wherein he thinks ho overthrows the Newtonian ti.oory. Tho population ii 1854 was upward« at 30,000. I he Congres of America pas»ed an Act in 1350, erecting the Mormon di tnct into a Territory under the mime of TJtib. The duty most enphutically urged upon all Moi mon proiljtcs is Immediate (.migration to this terri- tory. * Hicry Saint,'pava a recent General Epietlo, 'who does not come home, will he alllictcd by the Devil.' The Uldor« aro ex hortcd ' to thundct tho word of the Almighty to tho Suints, to oriBO and come to Zion.' Nor aro iholr tffortfl oanflucd lo word« of ixhortulion. They raise annually a considerable mm to pay tho outfit und passage of needy emigrants. Missionary agents haï e been desp itched to almost eviry portion ot iho world to make fresh convor s and facilitate their transit to Amerioa. Churches havo been formed in Groat Britain, Denmark, Sweden, Norway, Iooland, France, Germany, Italy, S ivl norland. Multa, Gibraltar, Hindostán, the Sandwich Inlands, and ia there colonies. Missionaries havo beon sent to biam, China, Ceylon, tho West In- dis», Guiana, and Chili. The Book of Mormon has been cubllshed in French, German, Italian, Danish, Pol>nc6ian, and Wilsh, and periodicals aro circulated ia »eyeral of those languages. In Denmark at the beginning of 1853 tilly possessed 1430 baptised oonvert». lu tho Sandwich Islands they had baptized 583 before their mission had bcon established twelve months. And although from tnglond moro than 11,000 have al- ready emigmted to the Great Salt Lake, in Ju y, 1851, thoy had in their British churches 30,(i90 members. At ibeir annual con- ference which wau held in thi» city, in the old Asscmoly Kooms, King-street, on lXio first of April last (a most appropriate day, by tho way), reportB of success woic received from Vioturia, Ade- laide, Tasmania, and New Zealand. To uso the word* of tho Pre- sident, as printed in The Zion'» Watchman, " The work is roiling on very pretily (sic), many enquiring, bohío being baptized." The misBio-iaries employed to preach the Mormon theoloiey dis- guise it under the mn*k of ordinary Protestantism, and äff o', to differ from rival secta rather in their pro'onsions than in their doctrincB. Tbc order given to the English «.kieta was to abstain from porploxlng their hearers with startling novelties, and only " to preach faith, repentance, baptism for the remission of sinn, vai. faith in Joseph Smith and Bl igham young." The giftet which thoy profess to exercfBO uro tho power of healing the sick, (peaking in tongues, and casting out devil«. Wa need not tell you that the mnaolos of which tiley bo^Bt will not bear in\ostl gatton. Nothing is easier with the Ignorant multitude than to persuade thom to believe in quack advertisements and ridiculous 6torica about miraole«. Where are iho Mormon miracles per- formed Î In prlTate. Who aro tho witnesses ' The saint». A writor in the Edinburgh Rei ¡ew ha« we 1 remarked, " The power of imagination in the euro of (Incites op rates to a degree of which few out of the profession are aware." We mu*t bavo real, un mlstakoablc public miracles ; miraolcs done al once, and no1 in a week. Naturo is a good nurse, and often docs wordors in a few hours. Lo' t esc mon rauta a dead pcrBon ; let them, in the pre- sence of impartial «.UnesacB opon the eye» of the blind, euro the dumb, boil the lame, and then wo will withdraw our denial of their inability to work miracle . Wo had Intended to have given tome account of thiir pretended success in caning out devils, but all their narratives relating to this suhjcot are so exceedingly dis- gusting and blaspherni us that « e are eure you will feel obllgcl to us for passing over them. It would bo unfair not to admit that many Important truth« ero taught by the Mormonn. But wo mus at the same timo re- mind you that they have no truthi whieh are not already taught in the Bible That they tcnci for truths many other things , und that theseare their distinguishing docti mes- octrines not only nof taughtln tho Bibb, but o mirari'to the things which are taught thcro a« tho distinguishing doctrines of the gospel Not a tittie of the ' Book of Mormon' has bon taken from our own Bible. Very difTeront from the Koran, which ia also in many of Its parts a paraphruse of tho Scriptures, the volume upon which tho Mormons found their belief In an especial o ill to separata themselves from the rest of tho world contilns much that has a direct refercnoe to Christianity as understood by in. Tho Mor- mons admit tho divine origin ind authority of the Scriptures, hut question the purity c,f our translation, ard have adopted ono pre- pared by their founder. Toey hold, that tho Book of Mormon I« of greater authority than our Sonpturea os a rulo of folth and practice. Thus wo read " The epistles of tho ancient apostles, Paul, Peter, and John, we must »iy aro dead lettor», when comparod to the epistles that oro written to the Bainta in cur day by the living prleethood." In a sermon of Joseph Smith's published " by the autho- rity of tho Lattcr-Diy Saint« In Sidney," in April last, the prophet oftYrs some ludicrous criticisms on tho flrtt votbc In tho Old Tejtament, and maintains tha'. it ought to read-" The head one of theGodB brought forth tho Gods." Tho Mormons re- cognise two or4era in the nrlosthoid, the " Aaronio" and tho " Melcbisodek." Thoy aro governed by a prophot or pretldent, twelve apottlo«, the " seventies," and a number of bishops, high-priest*, deacons, elders, and teachers. They beliove In a material Deity In the form of a man, ard not omnlpretcnt. Their a-swer to the question, " What Is God !" reads that " Ho is a material intelligent pors-iwigo posseea log b:th body and pirts." " Doth ho alto pojscbs passions 1 " Yc», JIo eat«, He drinks, Hu love«, Ho hate»., " Can thii being occupy two distinct places at ooce / No." This degrading view of God wo nod also oxprossod in one of their hymns, whiob. they sing to the tune of " The roeo that all aro prilling." " Tho God that others worship, is not the god for me. Ho has rp parts nor bedy, and cannot ke ir nor soo." This anthropomorphic dotty Hvos, we aro (old, " In tho planot Kolob " He originated in the union "of two elementary partióles of matter," and by n progressiv development reached tho human form. Thus wo read-" God, o' couise, waa onoo a man, and from manhood by conti mal propension became God." The »uporlority of tli3 Mor.oon God over his creatures consists only in tho greater Îowcr whloh ho has gradually attained by grosih in knowl.dgo. ne dootrlne of indefinito doro opment naturally passes into poly- theism. Acooidingly, tho Mormon theology trachrs that there aro ko«Ib innumerable, with different degroc» of dignity und power. We have scon that It was rcvenlod to Joseph Smith, that the first vor«o of Ginesta oiiglnally road "The Head God brought forth the Gods, with tho heivon» ard tho earth." Iho »arno prophet also tell« us that a hundrod und ftrtj-four thousand of these god« aie men- tioned in the Apocalyp«oî Morcovor,'? I'sciigodlethcg d of the spirits of all flesh pertuinlng to the woi Id which ho forms." It hus been latcly^revealod that tho god of one planet 1b Adam, who (it socmt) was only another form ot tho Archangel Michael. " When our father Adam cunio into the girdcn of EJen, he brought Eve, one of his ni' es, with him. He helped to mako and organizo this world. Ile is Miokaol, tho Archangel, tho Ancient of days. Ho Ii our rather nnd our God, and the only God it, if A whom tee hate to do." Accotding to Mormon teuehing, not only will tho body, but all tho habit*, cccupitlons, i>nd ncct s«ltlos of llfo, be the »amo lu the future world m in the pro?cnt. Otto of their wrltoro tel bus- "Tha futuio residenoc of the taint«, is not an Ideal thing. They will need houses for their portions and for their families nu rouen in thor /esuncctetl condition ns in t',ur present stat«." Anotlior cjleulatt« tho exact I mount of lnndod property wlnr-h m ty bo expected hy the 't esurreeled' saints "Suppose that out of the pipulation of t'lo earth, one lu a hundred annul I b3 entitled to an Inheritance upoj tho new oarth, how much land w ill each ono receive 7 Wo an- swer, they would recoivo over a hundred and fifty acres, whli.ii would bo quito enough to ralso minno and to build come «plcntlid man»!uno " The eamo writer taya of iho ltcsur rcotlon :-"It will rcstoro you the wife of your b-som im- mortalized, who shall bear children-in all worlds to como." A «till moro peculiar tenet of their creed io the necoesity of baptism foi the dead. The Chancellor of theil Uiiivoreliy informs ua that "u->les5 this Is done for the dead, thoy canpot to re- deemed." O te of tholr hj mns thus reals : " I am Ztonward bound, where a teer is fur head, We'll there bobtiptlzud fer our friends that uro dead. By obeying this law, v>e may rot them all free, And sal ¡ours we shall upon Moun' Zlen be " They aleo believe that the personal reign of Christ i« at hand ; that they are the " ijlnta" who will reign with bim; and that the «eat of «islci-edom will M either -Iluourl, or the Great Salt Lake Yalley. ( For a long time, the Mormon« persovoringly denied the chat»« of polygamy, but, since 1852, their leaders have completely thrown off the veil, and have defended poll gara > ai impudently a« thevhe forcdenied It. Tracts, dialogue», and hymns aro circulated ¡nita behalf. And even tho 'pluralistic' marriage Bcrvlce hu i_L. published. M DMn Tho judges of the Utah territory reported to Iho Congress . " We deem it our duty to «tate in this offiolal o omraunlcatlon that polygamy or plurality of wives i» oo-nly avowed and ora»' Used in the torritory, under the sanction and in obedience to tho direot command of the Church. Tho prominent men in th« Churoli, whoso example in all things it is t he ambition of th« moro humble to imitate, havo each many wives. It ¡s not uncommon to find two or more slaters married to tho same man and, in ono Instanoo at least, a mother nnd hor two daughters wcro among the wives of a leading member of th* Churoh.'' Lieutenant Gunnison Bays that he hrard one man called an old bachelor, bcoiueo of wives " ho had only a baker's dozen." Tañí docs Mormonism, like Muhomctanism, débase the condition of woman. It should be ad led, that the President possess tha powor of annulling all marriages contracted under his (anctlen ' As to marriages eclobrated without his authority, they aro ¿bj» faco void, in foro conseientitm. The most remarkable feature in the practical working of Mormonism," considered as a religion, is tho almost entire absenco of the devotional clement. Allis of the earth earthly 1 One of the ablest writors aga'nst Christianity has latelv stated, as hi» chief objection t» the Christian evBtcm, that ltdi¿ o uragoa the love of earthly things. Surely Mormonism weuld suit him; and as ho docs not mention it as one of the "pluists" through which his faith has passed, wo may yet find him t " Lattor- Day Saint." But we must oonolude. Whon wo consider the remarkable oircer of the pro,-hct, amd tho firm hold which his d-otrlncs have on thoueinie of minds, we are not BurpriscJ that contradictory opinions are held respecting his character. Ho hod too much sagoclty and selfishness to be tha honoet enthusla t which Bomo would represent him to have b^n Alt that we know of him assures ua that worldly gain and power wrre the objor-ts at which ho aimod. When ho found how ea-ilv ob a pretended prophet, he oould oominand followora, bo made usó of their credulity, fanaticism, and taionts. He employed Harris' money to publish his " Book of Mormon ;" Rigdon'« mothodlcal talent to organise a Church and draw upa system of dootrlces . and Cowdory's wilting to make up for lil« own want of penmanship. To tho few ho held out the expectation of tho long desired Messiah . to the American Indian he gavo a falulous ocoount of his rx^iln . to the Christian ho offered an lnoreuso of revelation ; and bevU&iu;'hii followers he plaoed the most alluring prospeot» of worl ly riches The industrious he encouraged to labour, claiming exemption for' himself on tho authority of a pretended revolation ; the brav« woro drilled in military band», and iho inqulBitlvo and loquacUni were employed as missionaries. If any dissented, their characters wcro blaokonod and their portons exposed to every kind of annov. ance. ' Ho haB been oalled a martyr, but o martyr is ona who suffers death rather than renounce his faith. Joseph Smith was not asked to renounce his religion, neither would his doing so have saved him. The American Government neither h«d nor wished to have, anj thing to do with his " »ovelatlons " Tho pcoplo of Missouri would have left him alone had they not believed that ho had committed crimes for whloh he would havo beon legally tried, if his Ufo hud boen eporod. Tho mob that muidorcd him carid nothing for Ms faith. Whatovcr ho wa*, his Icing murdered while nttcmytlng to escapo from the gaol in which he was confined aa an arrested traitor, oannot ea. title him to tho venerated nnmo of »lariyr. For his celebrity, for the long contlnuauco uf his nimo, even after what men call hie religion Bhall have vanlshod before the light of truth, he will bo more indebted to tho circumstances ol his death than to any part of his life. At the termination of the lecture the doxology wai sung, and the leoturer retired amidst great applause. 