THE COURIER MONDAY AFTERNOON, JUNE 11. Strenue et Prospere. TOPICS OF COLONIAL INTEREST. LUNACY. As a contrast with the control and manage- ment of lunatics in this island, and the paucity of information which is to be gleaned from the superintending authorities as to the cause of deaths, setting aside the causes of insanity, we append the following article from the Sydney Morning Herald. We cannot do better than recommend the Executive Council, when taking Mr. John Morgan's representation into consideration, to have the report of the Lunacy Commissioners of the Tarban Creek before them. The key which they will afford to the history of lunacy in that colony may be use- fully applied in Van Diemen's Land. Appended to the report of tim Lunacy Commis bioners aie some tables, giving classified returns of the conn ti ¡cb, conditions, and religion of the patients at Tarban Creek, and also of the various forms and causes of disease, which, most especially on the last point, are of considerable interest as contributions to the history of lunacy in this colony. The first table in appendix A-for the drawing up of which ive are indebted to Mr. G. W.ilkei, who fora short time offi- ciated as Assistant Supei intendant of tho Asylum, shows us that of the 171 patients in tho establish- ment on tho 31st December, 1853, sixty-three weio n'itives of England and Wales, sixty-nine of Ireland, eighteen of Scotland, and twelve of Australia, besides tlucc Chinamen, two Germans, one Pole, a.id one Russian. In the whole number of both sexes, the males predominate, in the proportion of 100 to 71. Of the religious denominations, there arc seventy-seven of the Church of England ; twenty of the Church of Scotland (meaning, wo suppose, Presbyterians); sixty-three of the Church of Rome ; five VVcsleyans, an Independent, a Mormonito (female), a follower of Johanna Southcote (male), and three Pagans. The forms of disease aro divided into three princi- pal classes, of Mania, Dementia, and Idiocy-ana these again subdivided into nineteen distinct heads. To notice each of the latter separately would not convey any rery clear information to tho non-pro- fessional reader. By far the majority of cases appear to belong to the class mania, by which is meant the ordinary form of disease, and tbat which is the most curable, we believe, inasmuch as it does not necessa- rily denote organic physical disorder or malformation. It corresponds to that class of insanity which Dr. Conolly terms the moral, as distinguished from the physical, which latter is a malady normal and con- genital, and therefore incurable. Of pure idiotcy the most virulent form of physical insanity-there were, at the date of these returns, but two in the Tarban Creek Asylum. There is one case of " homi- cidal mania," one of bypochondriasis, and one of Demonophobia, or fear of ghosts (a female). The causes of disease are divided in these tables into two general classes of moral and physical, Tbe former is again subdivided into twenty-one different heads, showing more particularly the origin and his- tory of the disorder. As might have been expected, Drink furnishes the greatest number of victims, by far, to the catalogue. Of 129 lunaics, deranged from moral causes, sixty-one are set down under the head of Drink-'forty -two being males, and nineteon females. The next most fertile source of disease appears to be Grief, which numbers its sufferers at nineteen, of whom six are men, and the remainder women. The third strongest predisposing cause to mental disorder is what Mr. Walker styles Religion and Priestcraft, under which we find eleven patients, of whom, contrary to the precedent of the old world, wo find thora are more men than women, in the ratio of seven to four. Fright had turned six people mad in this category-the majority of 'whom, again, were male ; und Reverse* of Fortune claim an equal number. Of Dibappohüei Affection there were " i four victims in Tarban Creek on tho thirty-first < f I December, 1853-the sexes being equally divided. Domestic Un1utppiness~BL cognate cause-had bcrift other four of their senses, three being women. The peculiarly local excitement of Gold-seeking owns three victims - equally with Mental Anxiety. Violence of Temper had proved the bane of two of the patients ; and Grief at Husband*' Desertion had deranged two wives. The somewhat singular cause-Influence of Fear at Sea, had also added two (females) to the list. Of the other more rare causes it will be sufficient to enumerate Excessive Maternal Affection, Sudden Shock of Affections, Fright from Aborigines, Morbid Self-esteem, Jealousy, Crime, and Excessive Mental Application, each of which has con- tributed a patient to the asylum, and each indicating pretty clearly, in its very title, the history and nature of the case. Lastly, there is Conscientiousness-an inexplicable cause of malady, if understood in the ordinary sense of the word. Of the Original causes of diseases, Injury to Head is set down as the origin of eight eases ; Heart Dis- ease of tito; Sun's Heat, of two; and Epilepsy,of two. Age has produced insanity in three females, and the Influence of the Climate on the Voyage to Aus- tralia has affected two, man and woman. The very melancholy cause set down as Hereditary has contri- buted six patients, and the even more horrible cause, Parental intempérance, two-both being, it is worthy of note, natives of the colony. , t ' In summing np the results gleaned from these tables we cannot but be struck with the variety and intricacy of tho causes which tend, in this colony, to produce the awful affliction of lunacy. It is evident that the motives of excitement being greater and more numerous ina new country, peopled, generally, by a' more than ordinary excitable race, the forms of insanity must be more intricate and, perplexing than hi the older countries of Europe. By just so mac h, therefore, do the responsibilities of our duty increase tiwards the afflicted, and the greater is the necessity for a rigorous and systematic classification of tho patient», and for the adoption of all those rational modes of treatment which the march of science has sanctioned in the mother country. If anywhere there exists a necessity for a well-organised and com- plete establishment devoted to the relief of the insano, it is iii this colony-and yet it has boen sufficiently proved that the present asylums are grossly deficient ¡n all that appertains to the comfort and relief of tho pattents. A building originally constructed to hold sixty patients, and that, many years ago, when the new system of treatment bad not come into vogue, is now( by only partial additions and improvements, made to accommodate three times that number-a fact in itself sufficiently convincing as to the necessity of a thorough reform in our lunacy system. 