MIISCELLANEOUS. A curious accident occurred the other i day to Chevalier d'Azeglio at the baths of I Pesio. It seems that BH. d'Azeglio, to amuse the visitors at the baths, caused the lights of the room in which they were I assembled to be suddenly extinguished, and at the same moment a boy, mounted on stilts, covered with a long sheet, and carrying in his hand a vessel containing spirits of wine, in a flame, stalked solemnly in. The ladies fled in dismay, and in the confusion thus caused, the pretended ghost was brushed against, and he nearly fell. In staggering the vase was jerked from his hand, and all its burning contents was cast in the face of M. d'Azeglio, injuring him sadly. The experiments with the agricultural machines in the Paris Exhibition, which were announced to come off on Tuesday at Trappes (Seine-et- Oise), took place on a farm belonging to HL Dailey, in tile pro senco of a great many literary and scientific men, foreign commissioners of the Exhibi tion, agriculturists, &c.; By no persons was as much admiration expressed as by some Arab chiefs who were there, and who more than once expressed their determination to introduce into their own country some of the wonderful machines they beheld at work. M. Lesseps is said to have confided the management of the works connected with the new undertaking of tholsthmus of Suez to lt. Barthelemy St. Hilaire. Mr. Park, the eminent sculptor, died on 16th August, at Warrington, In his 48th year. Thie deceased, who was a native of Glasgow, studied under Thorwaldsen at Rome, and was a contemporary disciple with Gibson. Orsamoss or Man. LAINa, M.P.-On the 13th instant, Mr. Laiug met a number of his supporters, at Kirkwall, to give an ex planation of his public conduct. In the course of his speech, he said-" When an offer to take once was made to any mem ber, he thought the constituency had a right to know what motives actuated their representative in accepting or declining it. The Clerkship of the Ordnance, and the Vice-Presldency of the Board of Trade, were offers he could not accept on account of the situation of his private affairs and his private engagements. He had no great 'confidence in Pord Palmerston, whose career he had attentively observed, and whose whole career had been characterised by intermeddling in the affairs of other nations. lHe (Mr. Lalng) adhered to tile old liberal creed of "Reform at home and non- intervention abroad." Ile gave Lord Palmerston credit for great ability, great tact, and great adroitness; but he preferred Lord John Russell as a leader, and he had a higher opinion of such statesmen as Lord Aberdeen and Mr. Gladstone, who spoke the strong and conscientious convictions of their own minds. Lord Palmerston on the otherhand, had too much of the weather cock In his nature, and was apt to veor about to catch popular applause." The following resolution was passed:-" That r this meeting, whilo .reserving their own views on the subject of the war, express their cordial approval of Mr. Laing's con duct in Parliament, and their confidence in him as their representative." - John o'Groat's Journal. Lieut. A. W. Kirby, 19th Regiment, has been cashiered for having been drunk on duty under arms, when parading the guard for the trenches before Sebastopol, and for having, while under arrest, offered violence to Lieut. Molesworth, 19th regiment, by pointing a pistol at his head. Orders have been sent to thocommanding officers of the Royal Artillery stationed in Canada, Halifax, Bermuda, and the West Indies, to send home to Woolwich acertain number of effective gunners and drivers, from each company stationed in those places. The sum already expended on the new houses of parliament has been £1,663,954; and Sir C. Barry, having been asked to state what additional works he proposes beyond those already sanctioned, has sent in plans and designs of regal magnificence, which, If adopted, will make the total cost of the Neow Palace, Westminster, (for such is the correct designation of the houses of I parliament,) £2,t05,511. This will be exclusive of the cost of constructing the law courts elsewhere, as Sir Charles proposes to pull down thie present unsightly I edifico, man to transfer the courts to Lincoln's-Inn. The Queenl has been pleased to constituto I the Island of Labuan and its dependencies to be a bhshop's see and diocese, to be called the bishopric of Lahunn, and to appoint the Rev. Francis Thomns Mac dougall, D.C.L., to be ordained and con secrated Bishop of the sail see. The Queen has bcoeen pleased to appoint I Thomas Icely, Esq., to be a non-elective t member of the Legislllivo Coulncil of the colony of New South WVales. A meeting of the frioends of Poland was held on the 8th Angust, at St. Mlartin's-hall, Long-acre, London; the Eurl of Ilarring ton iu the chair. The object of the meueting was to advocate tile restoration of Poland, the rasing of the Polish legion, &c.; A largo number of the working classes took thela seats. A manl named Collett proposed, as an amendment, " That this meeting, cor dially desiring the restoration of the Polish nation, cannot forget that the destruction of that nationality was mainly owing to the perfidious conduct of Lord Palmerston- (yells)-from 1830 to 1846. So long as Lord Palmerston is a Minister of the Crown, all promise of sorving Polnud is a delusion and ia snare, seeing that, in professing terms of peace, he proposed that which would des troy the independence of Turkey." A M[r. hInrt seconded the )nmoudmnOet. A drendfil ulpronr followed. TIhe noble clhairman left the chair, taking with him the copy of the resolutions which were to be proposed. Mr. George Thompson took the chair; the tumult continulled, and the amendment of Mr. Collett was carried. So that the ob ject of the meeting failed. Captain Kellett, C.B., tile Artie voyager, has been appointed second to the command in the West Iudian station, vice Commo doro IIonderson, who resigns on account of ill healtlh. By an net just iht operation the prize money orders, which were liable to a duty of Is.ar reduced to the stamp duty as in inland bills and draughts or orders for the payment of money. By a return issued on the 6th inst. it appears that the amount of prize money unclaimed fromn the 18th January to 31st December, 1854, was £1,410,047 4s. 41d, of which £724,250 7s. 3d. had been refund ed to claimants. It is stated that the dress regulations of the navy are now undergoing extensive re vision, and that epaulettes will henceforth be abolished. The now uniform will, it is said, boe greatly simplified, and rendered more suitable and comfortable for all who have to wear it. In pursuance of the sentence of a court martial held at Kamiesch, MIr. James Wil kinson Elliott, a surgeon, late of the Royal Albert, has been committed to the Devon county gaol, at Exeter, for two years, "for neglect of duty and unfeeling conduct." IHe was landed at Plymouth last week, and was conveyed to the gaol at Exeter to un dergo his sentence. Rear-Admiral Sir William Fairbrothoer Carroll, K.C.B., has been appointed deputy governor of Greenwich Hospital, vacant by the death of Sir William Edward Parry, knight. Sir William entered the navy Dec. 5, 1705 Nearly one thousand gentlemen were appointed to commissions in the army between the IstJanunry and IstJuly. In July upwards of two hundred commissions were conferred on candidates. An association, to be called the London, Manchester, and Foreign Warehouse Com pany, has been formed under the Limited Liability Act to carry on the business of tihe old firm of Rogers, Lowrey, Holyland, and Co., who were obliged in consequence of heavy lossess in Australia and the Cape of Good HIope to suspend payment in January last. Among the medical graduates of the Edinburgh university who obtained their diplomas at the last examination, were a Chineseo and four Egyptians. The Chinese graduate, Wong Fun, is believed to be the first Chinaman who has over graduated at a British university. A few days ago a girl, 17 years of age, daughter of Mr. Waddell, farmer, Craigend, Snear Falkirk, having been reproved by her father for something she had done amiss, I in a paroxysm of rage rushed across a field unobserved, and throw herself down a waste coal pit. After great difficulty, the wretched creature was got up dreadfully mutilated, but death soon put a period to her sufferings. The remainder of the submarine tele graph cablo required to complete the communienation to Algiers via Corsica and Sardinia has just been shipped from the manufactory at Greenwich. It is 162 miles in length, containing six con ductlug wires, and weighing 12650 tons. It will bo laid from the southernmost point I of Sardinia to the coast of Africa, near Algiers, and It is regarded by the parties connected with the undertaknlg as the com I ýmeucemeont of a line to India and Australia, I via Malta. On the 23rd February last the British n American ship Infanta, of 830 tons, was I lost soon after leaving Savannah; but the I crew were saved, after very considerable exertion, by Captain J. B. Breck, Mr. A I B. Caunse, the chief mate, and Mr. Devine, I secondoflicerofthe America shipHarkaway I The British Government, being desirous of p showing the high sense yWhich they enter f tain of the courage and humanity of these officers, have caused each of them to be . presented with a gold medal. r 3 The herring trade, we regret to nsay is n almost a failure, owing to tile light winds t and the alternate clear and foggy nights. During the late thunderstorm,the earthen s pinnacle, raised on the highest peak of \- Beledi, was struck with lightnhlot, when 1 both it and the ground at the bottom of it n were torn up. Fortunatcly, no tourist hap pened to be there at tile time. SThe Junior United Servico Club hllas ro Iceivcd a splendid copy of Winterhanltcr's 1 picture of the Emperor Napoleon III. It is full lengtlh and lifo size. Thle likeness is perfect. Sir George Brown has refused an offer of eleven hundred guineas for the gray Shunter which carried lhim at tlohe Alma. TiThe horse is. quite recovered from theo bullet-riddling he recoived, and is at pre sent at Coates' repository at Leamnington, in which town Ilia gallant owner hoas bean located siuce his return from thle east. Notwithstanding the hlgh price of pro visions, pauperism hlas to a great extent do ecreased thlroughout the whlole of South SWales, and there isa gradual decrease in the amount of crime. STie loast session of council of University College, London, was held on the 3rd lost. A Profensoraltip of Tamul was Instituted, and \L. d'Orlmloux Von Strong was ap- 5 pointed to the chair. A Roman coin of Faustina thie younger, wife of Aurollus, who died A.D. 175, was O picked up a tow days ago in an exchvation' at Lancaster. A porpoise, estimated to weigh from 16 to 18 stone, and to ylold from eight to ton gallons of oil, was caught last week by the crow of a fishing coble off Sunderland. Princo Albert hnas presented 501. towards t tihe erection of a sailors' institute at Shad well. At the Plymouth Guildhall Elizabetht Anilt olman, a young woman 22 years of; t ago, dressed in man's clothes, was brought I i up charged with belng a suspicious person. Slhe stated that shle had bon eomploycd as' a road and field laboror in Dovonshiro and Cornwall, and had also wlet ed ns a miner without any suspicion ns to her sex. Her reason for assuminug nmaloe attire was that I she could earn much higher wages as a man than sheo could have done otherwise. As t there was no proof of her having committed any other offence, the bench directed her t to be discharged. lrTunse OF THE NAVVJE? a 03n Ti? Cn elnA.--The ship Wildfire, Captain Wnm. Downward, belonging to the Crimean railway expedition, passed Constantinople on the 2nd instant, on her way front Balaklava to Graves end, with 107 of the artificers and navvies sent out last year to form the railway from Balak lava to the camp before Sevnstopol' The whole of the men have been ordered home, and Capt. Downward brings the first batch, as he also took out the first part of the navvies front Birkeneand. The completion of the line has been confided to Colonel tI'Murdo, of the Land Transport Corps, whose men received instruc tions to enable them to carry out the under taking from the navvies prior to their embarka tion on board of the Wildfire. A ScorTCei RlmaINI T n CIAu wiTit I LreLr..--T' e Presbytery of Edinburghl las tor some months been engaged in investigating a cnrious charge of libel brought against the Rev. HIenry Duff, second minister of the parish of South Leitli. Mr. Duff is charged wvit writing and publishing a scurrilous aml defamatory poem, in which the name and word of God arem treatedwith irreverence. The chief objects of his satire are his colleague. one of his own elders, and the precentor of Restalrig, tq.whom copies of the poem were sent by post. For the defendan it is contended that the satire was not written or sent by him, but by a divinity student, who had taken a grudge at him, and who was the principal witness for the prosecu tion. The presbytery has not yet pronounced its decision. The government lias entered into extensive contracts for fur clothing for the troops in the Crimea. The number to be supplied is -coats, lined with rabbit fur, 45,000 i trou. sers, ditto, 45,000 ; and fur waistcoats, 45,000; 10,000 of each of the foregoing articles of a better description are also to be supplied. The waterproof clothing contracted for is to consist of 50,000 cloaks with sledves, 50,000 capes, and 60,000 ox hide boots, impervious to snow-water. The greater portion of the above mentioned is to be delivered into store by the eIst of Sep tember. Aparliamentary paper has just been pub lislhed which contains much useful information on the subject of the militia. The number of men wlhich can be raised in England is 80,000, "to be increased in case of invasion or immi nont danger thereof, to 120,000 men ; in Ire land 30,000 ; and in Scotland 10,000-making together, the number of 120,000 men for the wlolo united kingdom. The effective force at the time of embodiment was, itn England, 50,678 men ; in Scotland, 3848 men i and in Ireland, 5055 men, together making 59,581 men. The effective force at the present time is, in England, 41,126 men; in Scotland, 6197 men, and inIreland, 17,057 ; together making 64,382 ment-little more than half the number sanctioned by parliament. The tran quility which happily prevails in all parts of the united kingdom renders this force more titan adequate for the ordinary duties which soldiers are called upon to perform whilst en gaged upon homo service. NAde-rn's VWnouourT-Inon Gun. - We understand that the first of the two gigantic pieces of artillery to be made at the bridge water foundry is now nearly forged, but how long the succeeding operations of turning and boring may take, and the gun be ready for shipment to the Baltie--for that, we believe is its destination- is more than we or any one, we presume can tell. At. all events, it cannot be practically tested this year. The mass of iron, composed of small slabs, welded together by the four ton steam hammer, is at present a huge shapeless lump, apparently some 8 or 10 feet long, by 3 or 4 feet in diameter. .Te process of forging presents a grand sight; the enormous mass of white-hot iron being turned and shlited with as much ease and dexterity as if it were a common axlo-tree. Indeed, the whole apparatus-the hammer, the hydraulic crane, &c.;,-is quite a triumph of mechani cal skill and genius. Several of the balls are now ready. They weigh little more than half a-ton, and am of an oblate spheriod shale, cut at one end--in fact, not unlike the common Minlo BIall. Should the gun answer, its power and range must necessarily make great havoc when directed against stone fortifications. Manchester Guardian. 