REVIEW. I . .. . . . (From the Pre*»,-¿foy M-) Ohntwus. London : Simpkin, Mnralinll, nnd Co, Charles Lamb tells us in ono of Iiis ess that lie nover thinks ; that he hates thirikii that his books think for him. What dear I so quaintly and jestingly said of himself is t: of at least one-half of what are called ( educated classes'. Wo seldom meet a n now-a-days, especially in print, who does 1 have his thinking done for him by books by the public journals ; and when by chai wo do encounter such a person, wo are ofl disposed to wish he had been content to do his neighbours, and echo tho thoughts better mon than himself, remembering tl singularity is not originality nor preteiUl philosophy. Occasionally, however, we stumble on a m -and- moro rarely on an author-to whe cannot bo applied the severe and wcll-knoi rebuke administered by a celebrated critic t( pseudo-philosopher, " that there was much tl was new and much that was true in Mr. - work, but that unfortunately tho now was r true and thc true was not new." No su caustic or epigrammatic judgment is likely be passed upon the book before us, "Olympu: which is evidently written by a man who c and does think, and who having thought thought hammers it out on tho hard anvil reason, till what was at first only an un form idea becomes a reality and a tiling. Whatev faults we may have to find in the book befe us, a want of originality or a servile adopt! of conventional cant cannot be included amoi the number. We are far from invariat agreeing to tho author's postulates ; and soi , of his oi) in ions shock our prejudices if not o reason; but if we were uniformly of o: mind with him on all questions, where wou bo the originality which we have said lie eminently possesses ? Let him now speak for himself. Behold tl confident air with which he slings Iiis pebbl stone at two of the world's giants, who dimensions he laughs at: - Yea, thought I, tho poor fellow is most certainly <le< nml ho left ino two hooks : ono was an ohl copy ."Ovid's Metamorphoses, embellished with sculpture which I always had a fancy for ; and tho other, " Miltoi Paradise Lost," which I never shall Iiavo a fan for, holding as I do that " immortal work " to conto moro serious tomfoolery and solemn nonsense th hath entered into tho heart oven of a Wordsworth . conceive. Our author, however, is not quite alone : his depreciation of Milton. Hutchinson tl founder of the Hutchinsonian philsophy, cal " Paradise Lost " " that cursed farce of Milto where he makes the devil his hero." Hear the satarist on satarists : No proceeding is moro unfair or moro common than judge a man out of his own mouth : for wo learn ni speak by alternation, and generally praiso those qualiti in which wo aro most wanting. Thu idle and irrésolu pay homage to energy and decision, tho cxtrnvngn man commends highly prudence and economy, and nun n tender heart talks savagely and in scorn. Satire magnanimity run mad-kinder feelings outraged ai driven wild, throwing themselves for protection upon tl sarcastic and severe. You mny nlwnys trust a satirist poor follow, ho is the most harmless of men ! Agni the greater sinner tho greater saint. No one so ardoi for tho faith as blaspheming Paul. No ono so ready otTor resolute defence as tho irresoluto Peter. And again : Tiley will rave like Timon, or sneer lilto Swift, < sham_ the laugh of llabelais, Uko tho most expo -courtier; they inspiro a Juvenal «m! n Porsius in evei community, and in nlmost every company. These ni looked upon ns bitter and morose men, or if they wrii as authors aro supposed to have good intention in tl main, mid an inmost wish to chastise tho vices of the day. _ They liavo no such wish. Theirs is tho voice! < anguish and distress, but they aro spirits too high I indicato that limy suffer, save through badinage au abuse. Nevertheless, the spirit prompting such satire seems uncourtly and discrepant. Men in general avoi them. There is nu unpleasant arrogance, too, in tiri sardonic tone scarcely allowable. It is assuming tc much in any ouo to sneer down institutions and practice sanctioned by tho whola race of mankind. And wh should this biting scorner assume such authority, au persuade us that he knows more than others? Cousin is seldom liked, mid no man is justitiell in beginning hi career by offending. There is much truth and much sadness a well as eloquence in the passages we have jus quoted. Yet there is a balm for fools to be found in them. To the shallow-brained there must be some consolation in the knowledge that the raving Timons, and sneering Swifts and laughing Rabelaises, are more miserable at heart and greater objects of pity than the dreariest blockheads they jibe at. Tho ghost of "Our own Correspondent speaks thus lightly of the craft which in life he followed :— Men on tho press are men always above tho press they have to write down to tho liberal, radical, evangeli- cal class, whoso opinions, being tho opinion of the many, rule the Parliament and the Throne " The public " governs the press—not tho press the public Tho public is what Locke would call, had he ever heard of it, a complex idea, tho components of which aro lidsi and crude ideas, scraps and facts of all kinds glcanoi from debating societies and lecture-rooms, miscelluneous readings of all tho newspapers and three- hulfpenny magnzines, whoso object of course is to got a sale, in order to do which they must please tho vulgar taste, and inform it just so much as it will allow itself to be in. formed-and a spice of tho lowest form of religion, 0r rather of irreligión proper. And such is tho potency ol this phalanx that tho leading paper of the world pays il adoration—a paper above a bribe, but,bowing down to tho innumerable fivepences of tho ninny. In the subjoined passage thc writer evinces a right philosophical appreciation of great men and of tho true elements of groatness : Ono day nt Logos, while crossing tho grand Square, on . that sida nearest tho Columns of tho Sun, I saw foin famous mon in company, ono of whom, by his massive head and well-kuowii fonturos, I nt once recognised as Napoleon ; tho others wore Wallenstein, Cicsar, and Alexander tho Groat. These mighty dosolators of tho earth wore in enrnost conversation together. I regretted that no man in my own country could bo found worthy to rank with those horoos, and make a fifth in this august atm jany. Their discourse was not of legions, or tho strategies of war, or the past career of glory and crime which they had run :- . , Tlioso wera tho moro weapons with which each lind striven to work out tho shadowy conceptions of his own taciturn soul, mid to thoso no allusion was made. But thoy wore questioning tho wills of tho fates in which thoy lind all boen bolievors during lifo. Ono had called him solf tho child of destiny, anothor had studied many n dark horoscope, and looked upwards nt tho dim Cassi- opeia for counsel and sanction in ovary hazardous struggle. Ho had said Tlioro's no miali tiling ns chimen ; And wluit to us Hocnifi morant nccltleut, Springs from tho dcopoaL nourao or dostiny. Another had said lo tho faint-hearted pilot, "Fear not, cownrd, thou enrriost Ciusarl" They nil believed in ' droams mid divinations, in nspcots and signs of tho heavens, prosaging human ovonts. However barborous such acts appoar, and however great their ignorance, these mon nevertheless, oxcolled in tho greatest elomcnt of greatness. Thoy took their vantage-ground from inward intuition always, from rulo and measure nover, nnd thoy used war and havoo as moro menus to some accomplishment which they deemed themselves called upon to porform, With nil of thom tho spiritualist was always nbovo tho soldier, nnd it wits this which gnvo thom such torriblo influença ovor men's minds, ..The influonco of fear as a moral agent is wittily, if not vory reverently, pointed out in the following passage ; but wo would caution the author against too free an indulgence in a tone of levity on such solemn subjects: ." And Burton tolls us," I continued, " that' the dimen- sions of this abode aro, according to Lossius, ono Dutch milo iu diurno Lor, all filled Willi Uro uuu briuwluuo, i bocmiso aa ho domongtrntoa that spaoo, ouhioally multi, plied, will maka a Bphoro aldo to hold eight hundred thousand millions of dnmnod bodies-allowing onoh body six foot square-whiah will abundantly sullloo.' ". . . . ; As a genoral rulo, you lind that all tho timorous anti stupid ol'this'class hold togother with surprisiug unani- mity upon tho point of everlasting damnation. Origen believed that tlio dovil himself would eventually como within tho palo of salvation, and ho saved; but if that respectable lather wore now alive ho would nood all his pluck and martyr-Bpirit to support his opinion, for in tho present day it is hold as a sign of revolutionary tendency to tam por with thu old cheerful notion of a very deep pit, filled with fire, phosphorous, and brimstone. Only disturb this article of the people's faith, nnd behold the result!-tho wholo of the rural districts in rebellion ; ploughmen ravishing, plundering, and burning i weavers striking for wages, servants robbing their masters ; and rulllauisiu in general tho order of tho day. And all this is now happily prevented hy n strict belief in holl-liro, much to tho satisfaction of avery respectable futhor of a family in tho kingdom. By no means disturb this pro sent stato nf things ; nay, rathor maintain tho devil's authority and livo in poaco. Herc we have a most graphic portrait ol' a popular partisan historian : " I admit nil this," said ho ; " hut if nil mon wore of your opinion whore should wo find thoso plonsnnt fables so delightful lo peruso ? Ho is tho clover man who, from facts whelhur doubl ful oí accredited, cnn manufac- ture nu agreeable nnd rcndnblebook. Writo for n popular party, and construct a woh of apparent argumont, which shall suit tho tasto of tho day, for which reason history, as is mostly thu caso, should bo writton from political motivos, or simple desire, of gaiu mid patronage rathor than from any desire of seekinguftor truth. Andi should recommend to yon to join ono side or tho other boldly and gallantly at once, ami support it through thick nnd thin ; othcrwiso you will bo a gobetweon, lo receive blows from both partios. If you have a desire to be intonsely hated by all factions, you have only to take your seat between those two stools-stale facts carefully and impartially, wipe out all prejudice and party spirit, and you will infallibly como to tho ground, having lind the honour of compiling a work which shall bo truthful, unsaleable, unreadable, with every point of interest or excitement wrung out." " But pray who has writton history upon your prin- ciple ?" said I. Ho instanced a great nama. I was silont. I could not but mark tho immense distnnce between this wealthy, popular, mut tiptop historian and myself, tho poor hack author, who had buen so impudent as to question motives which ho, who had compiled such n history mid gained such everlasting fame,«lind not cared to question. Into what mean insignificance did thoso moral considera- tions fall before tho face of this groat man, who, totally indifferent to truth or untruth, to right or wrong, had written so fascinating a history ! Wc now conic to a capital bit of wholesome writing : As I walked on, I foll sprawling over somo knotted roots, pnrtinlly concealed by the long grass, my} sprained my wrist very bnilly ; however, I had ilia Christian forti tudn tn bo thankful for it, and was filled with great delight, to think that I. had not broken my timi. I bogan to feel h-ngry, and hero wore none of those hospitable houses to which I was over welcomed ! but, of course, I ! endured tho pangs of hunger with pious philosophy and resignation, and regaled myself with tho reflection tlint, although 1 wns hungry I wns not blind ; bosides, I recol- lected Wordsworth, and his leech gnthercr " upon the lonely moor." There is nu immense fund ol'consolation to bo derived by a pious mind, out of tho calamities of our fellow creatures'..It is indeed a summary method of dispelling your aflliction by compar- ing it with Hint of some ono else moro nfllictcd. If you huvo tho measles, you aro told thnt you should bo truly thankful that you hnvo not boon visited with tho small- pox. Tl'yon aro in distress of mind, you aro gravely brought into a beggar's hovel, and bid exult and bo joyful, since, after all, you aro bettor oil' than he. Moral doctrine goos to provo that groat self, satisfaction may bo procured by witnessing some fcllow-creaturo sull'eriiig moro than yourself..In what gospel or epistle do wo find such a sentiment? Tho pain you sillier, tho nnnoyatico you endure, is to bo relieved by tho abatement ol' that pain, or by self-victory, not by comparing it with thc pniu of others; this is thc meanest grutiticntiou ol' thc most cowardly soul. There is consummate wit and no little wisdom in the rebuke hero administered to those selfish and small-minded philosophers who think they aro evincing exemplary piety in consoling themselves under misfortune by recollecting thai their fellow-creatures arc sullbring torments to which their own griefs are but llca-bites. Never did any false system of ethics better deserve castigation than this, which has been expounded in tracts and enforced in tabernacles, and which is so fondly clung to by the weak-minded and cold hearted of all sexes, countries, and conditions. It is with regret that we close tho pages of this clever book. Wc recommend our readers strongly to peruse it for themselves. They will find brave thoughts and noble words in it. There is rio mawkish sweetness in its leaves, but there is plenty of what Long- fellow's old woman in Kavanagh culls " plea- sant sour." There is no book-making about it, no " hits," no straining after oflect. A truth- ful man tells us his thoughts of life, and man, and destiny. And a man who talks to us of such things honestly and without conven- tionalism deserves to be listened to, even if his hearers aro obliged to dissent from many of his dicta. In conclusion, we will quote ono short sentence in which there is nothing cynical or satirical. There is sympathising humanity and flesh and blood feeling in this passage, which certainly was penned by no moody misanthrope í What a hero a limn is when in love ! I rio not boliovo there over was n boro who wns not in (hut hnppy state; ho must hnvo ono muong the multitudinous world in whom ho trusts wholly mid solely-ono whom ho reveros-ono to whom ho looks for praise-ono above liini, mid yet ho shall not know why sho is above him. Perhaps Mrs. Ellis cnn explain this ? 