QUARTER SESSIONS Perth, Wednesday Oct 8 , 1855. [ Before His Honor W.H. Mackie, Esq, and a bench of Magistrates] The first case which obtained a hearing was that of the murder of Mr. John Hurford. During the whole of the trial, which lasted until late on Wednesday, the Court was crowded; and it was with regret that we perceived several females, some of them with infants in their arms, among the spectators, some of whom persisted in remaining, not withstanding the disgusting nature of a portion of the evidence. The prisoners, W. E. Dodd and Bridget Hurford. were defended of by Mr. Howell, who made the most of a very bad case. The evidences, although circumstantial, was remarkably clear, and entirely established the guilt of the prisoners in the opinion of every one in the Court. If any doubt existed, it was, however, re- moved the next morning, by the voluntary confession of the female prisoner, who ad- mitted that she had foreknowledge that the murder would be committed, and that it had been committed. She also implicated another person, named Osborne , in connexion with the murder, and stated that they had been plotting the murder for some time pre- vious to the commission of the crime, and it was the original intention of the conspirators to waylay the old man as he was crossing the estuary, and drown him. But this plan, for reasons not named, was abandoned and the crime perpetrated in the manner detailed in the ensuing evidence . The AdvocateGeneral, in opening his address observed that he was well aware the bare mention of the word Duty was sufficient to com- mand the earnest attention and patience of the Jury, but that he intended to appeal to motives and sentiments more noble and exalted than mere obedience to the routine of pre- scribed duty. The learned gentleman stated that the sudden and violent shortening of the few remaining days of an old man was more shocking than the sudden and violent end of rigorous manhood or lusty youth. He then dwelt upon the serious nature of the accusation against the prisoners, especially as affecting the female prisoner, whose sex and whose relation to the murdered man rendered her crime still more appalling. He cautioned the jury against the influence of petty suspicion, local gossip, or vague surmise but with fresh minds to approach the performance of a high and holy duty. They were further to bear in mind that the crime was performed at a distance, and they would have to prove to all classes, that neither dis- tance nor cunning, nor luck, can screen the murderer. The case resting upon circumstantial evidence, the verdict of the Jury would be more emphatically their own. Men may lie as to the facts, feign feelings and imitate opinions, err in their deductions and blunder in their inferences, but circumstances cannot lie, feign or be feigned. The Advocate General then proceeded to narrate the details of the case, that the murdered man had amassed property to the amount of £2,000, that about four years since he had married the prisoner, who was much younger than himself, that from the date of their marriage to the day of his death, their quarrels had been incessant, and that he was so ill treated, as to have been compelled to sleep from home, that he had, to escape persecution, bought a house away from the residence of his wife, whither he intended to proceed on the Monday succeeding the murder. On the Friday proceeding the murder, Hurford rides to the Vasse, and on his return complains of fatigue, of stiffness from riding, but afterwards acknowledges that he is recovering. His wife proceeds to the Vasse, states that Hurford is in a bad state, and asks how she would be situated if he died without a will. On Sun- day, the day of the murder, she returns home, and finds her husband apparently better. In the afternoon she displays towards him a kind- ness of manner altogether unusual, prepares for him some strengthening drink, he looks at her with a fixed and steady gaze, and she trembles. That evening she sends to Jones, with whom Hurford slept, to state that he need not come that night, because he was too sore, one of her children is sent to sleep with one of the witnesses, Norman, an unusual thing, and in fact, there was a general alteration of sleeping places. The old man was left alone. Mrs Hurford and Dodd remained up, they were the last up, and they were found up by the first who rose. On the very first night he was left alone and unprotected he died: whether he was murdered or not, the jury would be able to discover from the evi- dence. George Jones— I knew the late John Hurford of Fishleigh; I remember his death. For a few nights before his death I slept with him in his bed- room; on the Saturday night previous to his death I slept with him as usual. He died the next day. He slept very well that night; he appeared to have caught cold, and coughed. I left him about 7 or 8 o'clock on Sunday morning; I did not sleep with deceased on Sunday night; the reason was, that on that Sunday evening, just before bedtime, the prisoner Hurford's son came to me, and told me that the deceased was so dan- gerously ill that he could not allow me to sleep with him that night. I have heard Hurford and his wife abuse each other terribly, but I never saw any blows pass. On that Sunday night about midnight, Black Peter came to me and said Hurford was dead. I was sleeping that night at John Orwen's house. I and Green went up to Hurford's house; we found both the prisoners up and dressed. The next day I went up to de- ceased's house, and assisted Andrew Norman to lay out the deceased. I then saw a red spot on the left side of his neck, and a bit of a scratch on the other side of his neck. I also saw another red spot on his side. I attended the inquest the next day, I then saw the body of the deceased again; the marks I had seen the day before had then turned black; the scratch appeared to have been done by a nail, and the other red spot seemed to have been done by something heavy. I had been in the habit of sleeping with him, and I never saw such marks on his throat before the Monday morning. During the time I slept with Hurford at his own house, Dodd and Peter and others were in the house. The marks on the neck appeared to have been done by a finger and thumb, the finger on one side and the thumb on the other. Cross—examined by Mr. Howell— On the Friday before his death the deceased rode to the Vasse; I saw him come back with Hooper. He did not complain of anything; he did not cough more than usual on the Saturday night; he had always had a hacking cough. He did not spit any blood on the Friday or Saturday night. When I saw Mrs. Hurford on the Sunday night, after his death, she appeared to me rather low. She said she had gone into the room, and found him staring at her as if his eyes were starting out of his head. She spoke to him and found he was dead. The marks did not strike me as anything wonderful. The red spot was about the size of the top of a man's thumb; that was on the right side of the throat. The scratch seemed to have been made by a finger-nail, better than half an inch long; it seemed to have bled a little; it seemed to me to be fresh when I saw it on the Monday. Harford was upwards of sixty years old. I often saw the prisoner Dodd about the farm. He was a quietest man, except when he got some liquor, then he used to break out and swear. Before I went to sleep with deceased at his own house. I slept with him at Green's house; I slept with him altogether for 7 or 8 weeks before his death. When, the prisoner Hurford's son gave me the message on the Sunday evening, I felt surprised, as I did not think, when I saw de- ceased on the Sunday morning, that he was dan- gerously ill. John Green— I reside at the Vasse, and am a farmer. The witness Jones worked for me, and lived with me. I knew the deceased. My house is about a hundred yards from the deceased's house. He came to my house to sleep about six weeks before he died. One morning when I got out of bed, I found him lying down by my fireside. Deceased slept with Jones. Deceased brought no bed with him to my houses. After I Had stowed barley in the room in which Hurford and Jones slept, Hurford went to sleep at his own house, and Jones slept with him. I knew Hurford for 5 years; he was an active man. On the Sunday on which he died I saw Hurford about 10 o'clock in the forenoon; he was sitting up in bed. He did not appear to me to be in a dying state; he talked to me cheerfully ,he asked me to take over some barley the next day to his new house, which he had bought from Mr. Bridges. He proposed to join to me there himself the next day. On the Sunday night, about midnight Black Peter came to my house, and told me and Jones that Hurford was dead. I did not believe it till I saw the body. I and Jones went up to Hurford's and saw the body; it was lying in a bed with the sheet drawn up to his face. The eyes were not shut, they were rather further out than when he was alive. I was not called at the inquest, and I did see the body. The body had been moved from the side of the room where he lay when he died, to the other side of the room. On the Monday morning I observed a long scratch on one side of his throat, as if made by a finger- nail. There were also two spots like finger marks, or marks with a thumb and finger, one on each side of his throat. On the Sunday evening, after the death.I saw both the prisoners in the kitchen. On the Sunday afternoon I saw both the prisoneers together. Cross- examined by Mr. Howell— On the Sunday week before Harford's death, I was at Hurford's house. I saw a row between him and Mrs. Hurford-—they became to blows— he kicked her— she whopped him with a dishcloth. They caught hold of each other, and both fell. She might have caught hold of him by the throat. The spots on the throat were about the size of a person's thumb. I could not judge how fresh the marks were. When Norman and Jones were washing and shaving him, I saw the marks. The deceased's eyes were not like the eyes of other dead men I have seen. I have frequently heard Mrs. Hurford say that she did not think Hurford was long for this world. Hurford has gradually declined for the last three years. Mrs. Hurford did not appear to me to be glad or sorry at her husband's death. On night Hurford came to my house, he said that Mrs. Hurford had kicked him out of bed. Cross-examined by the Advocate General— I have seen 4 or 5 dead men; they had all had violent deaths —I mean by accident, such as drowning. The deceased's face did not appear livid or flushed. Andrew Norman — I reside at the Vasse, and am a horsebreaker. I recollect Friday the 6th April last; I know the deceased well; he rode to the Vasse that Friday on his horse "Turk." He never used to ride fast; I saw him when he re- turned from the Vasse on the same day in the evening. He came back with Hooper. Hurford said he had ridden home fast, and was tired. The next day. (Saturday). the female prisoner rode on horseback to the Vasse. I saw Hurford that Saturday morning; he was sitting up in bed. I asked him if he meant to get up. He said to me, if I was up I should be doing something, and I may as well be here and rest my legs. I saw him several times that Saturday; I asked him if he was in pain. He said no, that he merely complained of weakness, caused, as I understood him, by his ride to the Vasse. He talked of going over to his new house the next week. He did not appear to me to be near dying; he seemed to be in his usual spirits.,and cheerful. Mrs. Hurford returned from the Vasse on the Sunday morning. She appeared to be more kind than usual in her manner to the old man, both in word and action. Before she went to the Vasse her little daughter Biddy used to attend on the old man. On the Sunday evening I heard her ask him if he would have some mulled wine. He said he would. Hurford heard a horse come up to the house. I told him it was Thomas Larkins. Mrs. Hurford said. "Thomas has been to fetch some wine for you, you would not do as much for him, Hur- ford." Hurford said. "I would do as much for any one who was not able to help himself." Mrs. Hurford said, "You don't like Tommy, Hurford, nor Biddy, nor you don't like their mother." Hurford said. "I don't dislike the lad; , all I wish him to do is to work; I don't dislike anybody." I was at Hurford's house on that Saturday after- noon. a little after 4 o'clock; I saw Peter Well- ington there; he was sober. I heard Mrs. Hurford tell her son Neddy to go down to Jones and tell him that he must not come up to sleep with Hurford that night, as Hurford was too poorly to allow any one to sleep with him; that was not said to Hurford's hearing; it was said outside the door. I did not hear Hurford say that he did not want Jones to sleep with him that night. The Source: PRO London CO22 last time I saw Hurford was about half-past 8 o'clock in the evening. Mrs Hurford went in before me; when I got in Mrs. Hurford was close to the bedside; he was staring either at va- cancy or at me. She appeared to be fearful and trembling, she said. "What are you gazing at, Hurford; he made her no answer. I said, "are you in pain. Mr. Hurford;"- he said "no, Norman." It was then that we heard Tommy ride up to the house, and when she proposed to mull him some wine I then left the room, Mrs. Hurford stopped a little bit longer. About 5 minutes afterwards she came into the kitchen. where I was; she began to mull the wine. She said Hurford was very bad, and she would lay her life he would not live till morning. I said. "For God's sake don't tell Mr. Hurford that, or you'll frighten him to death; he only wants a little nourishment, and he will be up and outlive you.'' The night was inclined to be wet. Peter Wellington was then lying down in the kitchen with two natives. Dodd was up, walking about,and Tommy was lying on a form. She asked me where I was going to sleep; she appeared to be uneasy about that, and asked me two or three times. I had slept at the new house while she was at the Vasse. She said she was afraid of sleeping at the new house on account of the ghosts. I then offered to sleep at the new house that night. She said, "I wish you would, and take Biddy with you." I did so, and took Biddy with me, somewhat after 10 o'clock; half an hour or three- quarters after 1 went to bed, Mrs. Hurford came up to the new house. and asked me for my lamp; I told her where it was, and she went away; I fell asleep. A native boy called me up, and said Biddy wanted me; I got up and went to Hurford's house; I found her and all the household up with lights, and she told me Hurford was dead. She said she had given him some wine, a little at a time- that he had told her to go to bed. as she could do no more for him. I and Dodd, and Neddy and Mrs. Hurford. went into Hurford's room, and saw the deceased lying on the bed; I turned down the clothes and put my hand to his heart, to find if he had any pulsation; he felt very hot: I said I thought he was only sleeping. Dodd said he was dead enough; Mrs. Hurford also said he was dead, and she said that when she first saw him dead. his eyes were open. and fixed on the ceiling. and that Dodd had closed them. The persparation stood in drops on his face. I went in again in two hours and found him still very hot. I put a looking -glass to his mouth, and there was no mark of any breath on the glass. The cheek looked quite natural; he usually had some colour, and when I first saw him dead, his cheek was not pale, but coloured as usual; I think his legs were straight out. On the Monday morning, about half-past, 8 or 9 o'clock, I shaved him. I saw finger-nail marks, about 4 or 5, on one side of his throat, and a little round mark on the other side, as if made by a finger-nail; I had seen the little round mark on his throat the Sunday before, , but the finger marks were fresh. The throat was redder on one side than the other, the skin was not broken over the fresh marks; those fresh marks were a general discolouration, of a red appearance, covering about the space of an ordinary man's hand, and, appear to be caused by pressure. That fresh mark did not show the finger-marks. I attended the funeral; I returned with Mrs. Hurford and Dodd; she was fresh, , and Dodd was worse; Dodd took a bottle of brandy out of the cart; She told me to go and get the bottle from him. Witness here stated that Dodd cursed and swore. and applied to Mrs. Hurford many vile epithets, and said, " I'll do for you.' She asked him what he meant ; he said "Oh you know very well; I'll do it. I'll do it, by God I will; " he did not day what he would do for her ; he said. " I'll out with it, I'll let it out. She said. "What do you mean, he repeated the same words several times; he went off a bit into the bush, and called her to him; she went to him; I rode after her and asked if she wished me to leave her; she told me to go on. I did so, leaving her with Dodd. After Dodd and Mrs. Hunford came up to us, Dodd began wrangling with me, and said he would dismiss me. I was at the inquest. Cross -examined by Mr Howall.—Immediately after the inquest, I helped to put the body into the coffin; I noticed the marks on his throat; they had turned of a darker colour; Jones could have seen those marks as well as myself; whom I saw the first marks on his throat on the Sunday week before his death.I was up at Hurford's house and he said to me, "look what that d— d b — h has done trying to throttle me." He then shewed me marks on his throat; I did not then see the lower partion of his throat on account of his shirt collar; when I shaved him, the marks of finger nails which I had seen on the Sunday week before his death had healed, and had a scab on them; I remarked to Jones that I would not shave lower, for fear of disturbing the scabs. The lower red mark which I then saw was much further than the marks I had seen on the Sunday week. Mrs. Hurford did not appear very sorry at the death, nor did she appear exactly joyful. Dodd, is returning from the funeral knew what he was about; shortly after Hurford's death I took a mare and foal, my own property, off the premises, I was afterwards arrested by a Magistrates warrant on account of that mare and foal, but nobody appeared to support any charge. By a juror.— When I saw Hurford several times on the Saturday, his weakness did not appear to me to be dangerous; what Dodd said after the funeral raised my suspicions, and I mentioned my suspicions to Tommy Larkins. the prisoner Hurford's son; when we got home I also told Mrs. Hurford that I thought the neighbours would think there was some- thing wrong in consequence of what Dodd had threatened; on the Saturday Mr Hurford told me he was afraid of sleeping by himself, for fear Mrs Hurford should come at night and murder him in his bed; I said I did not think she was too bad as that; Hurford replied, you don't know half her bitterness. Peter Wellington — I am a native of Africa. I have lived some time at the Vasse; I knew the deceased John Hurford, and was in his employ; on the Friday before his death he rode to the Vasse, and returned the same day; I saw him on the Sunday afternoon the same day he died; I asked him how he felt; he said he did not feel much pain but felt very weak; on the Sunday night I slept in Mr Hurford's kitchen in the corner along with two natives; Tommy Larkins slept in a shed near the house; Mrs Hurford used to sleep at the new house before that night; Norman offered to sleep there, and she told him to take Biddy with him; on the Sunday evening I heard Mrs Hurford say to Norman, "I'll bet you something that Hurford will be dead before morning." Mrs Hurford was not then sober but she knew what she was about; Dodd was also in liquor. After Norman went away with little Biddy to the new house, Mrs Hurford asked Dodd to go and fetch some water; Dodd went out, and Mrs Hurford went after him. In about 5 minutes they came back together; Dodd had a bucket of water; Mrs Hurford had a lamp in one hand and a decanter in the other; she put the lamp down on the table; Dodd put the water down by the kitchen door; I was then lying down on my bed with the two natives; Mrs Hurford took the lamp and held it over me. I pretended to be asleep. for I wanted to see what was up. and what manœuvre were going on; Mrs Hurford took a teacup and poured something. which looked like spirits, into the cup out of the decanter; she gave the teacup to Dodd, who drank what it was in the teacup, and gave the cup back to Mrs Hurford. who said to him, "go now" Dodd went away; I remained awake; Mrs Hurford then poured something out of the decanter, and also out of a black bottle into the teacup, and then stirred it with a spoon, and took it out of the room; she came back and held the lamp over me again; she had not the cup when she returned; she then sat down in the doorway where the bucket was and began to make a noise with the water , as if slapping it with her hand; I got up and went outside; as soon as I went out, Mrs Hurford went out to see in what direction I had gone; I returned directly, and went to my bed, and lay down again; Mrs Hurford was then sitting down on a box; she began making the same noise with the water. I heard a noise as of a door opening, as if the bottom of the door dragged on the floor, the noise came from Mr Hurford's room; shortly after that I heard a shout as of a man choking; that very moment Mrs Hurford began to make a greater splashing in the water; she was sitting in the doorway close to the bucket, pouring the water backwards and forwards; Mrs Hurford must have heard the shout. The shout came from Mr Hurford 's room; I only heard one shout; after that Mrs Hurford ceased making a noise with the water, and came and held the lamp over me; I pretended still to be asleep; she laid the lamp down on the table and went out of the house; she stopped away for a minute or two; I then heard somebody whispering outside of the house; I could not hear what they said; after that Dodd and Mrs Hurford came in; Mrs Hurford said, "call Tommy up," Dodd did so; Mrs Hurford said, 'Tommy, Hurford is dead;" Tommy said."Well, we can't help it;" Dodd said 'better call up Norman;' Norman came up, and he and I went to see the body; it was covered with the bedclothes; Norman felt his breath, and said, " I don't think he is dead; Dodd said 'try him with the glass; ' Norman put the glass to Hurford's mouth, and said, 'he's dead; ' Dodd said, 'Oh he is dead safe enough.' I next saw the body on the Tuesday. I saw marks on his neck; on the right side were four marks like finger nail marks; the lower part of the throat looked swollen and was of a blackish colour; on the left side of the throat was a red mark; the marks did not go behind the ear; I often saw Mr Hurford with his shirt collar open, but I never saw any marks on his throat till after his death; I think I must have seen them if he had any when alive; Mr Hurford said to me on the Sunday that he would go next day to his new house; be seemed to me able to do so; he seemed in his usual health; he did not seem near his death; there were four rooms with the kitchen in Mr Hurford's house; they were all on the ground. There were partition walls between them, but those walls were not carried up to to the roof so that any noise in one room could be easily heard in the other rooms; a person in one room could hear a person talking in one of the other rooms; on the Saturday evening, just about dusk, I heard Mrs Hurford tell her son Neddy to go to Jones and tell him not to come up to sleep there that night; I did not hear Hurford say that he did not wish Jones to sleep there that night. Cross-examined by Mr. Howell — Two of the par- titions were carried up to the roof -the partition which separated the kitchen from the meal room, was not carried up to the roof; the partition walls were of wood, brick, and mud; the bucket of water was placed between the door of the kitchen and my bed-place. I don't know whether Mrs. Hurford is short-sighted. When Mrs Hurford held the lamp over me, my feet were obliquely towards the door; I did not see Mrs. Hurford go with the lamp to the fireplace; she did not hold the lamp close to my face, I have known Dodd sleep out of doors one night. I did not see Mrs. Hurford drink out of the teacup; the noise she made with the water was not as if she had been washing something; I saw her with her hands in the water; she had nothing in her hands ; there was no cleaning going on in the dairy that night. The dairy door grases on its hinges, but not at the bottom; the shout, I heard from Hurford's room, was more of a shout than a rattle; I did not examine any part of the body but the throat; I have never had any quarrel with Mrs. Hurford she once threw some water in my face; that was because I asked for my wages. William Elvert — I am a police constable at the Vasse; on the 11th August last I apprehended both the prisoners; the prisoner Hurford said to me. I'll be bound that poor misfortunate Dodd has been saying something about this, to bring it up again; she touched her horse and rode up alongside of Dodd, and said, "Dodd, have you been saying anything about this?" he said "No," That was before they were taken before a Magistrate. David Earnshaw. —I know the late John Hurford for 22 years; he was hard-working man; his health did not particularly fail; I saw him on the Friday before his death; he appeared rather fatigued and not in good spirits; when I heard of his death, I was not expecting it; he did not appear near- death on the Friday; I saw his body at the inquest; there were marks , like finger marks, on one side of his throat, and the mark as of a thumb on the other side; he did not show me any such marks on the Friday; the marks on his throat appeared as if made by the pressure of a hand; they were about the middle of the throat; they appeared fresh, and had a bluish colour. I saw a mark all round the pit of the stomach; Dr. Bryan said, it was owing to the decay of the intestines; it looked like a bruise; it did not look like a blow; after Hurford's death Dodd came to my house on a horse of Hurford's called Turk; I heard Dodd then say, there lies the old b-r, and I've got his horse. Cross-examined by Mr. Howell—Hurford seemed breaking from old age; he did not have anything to eat at my house on the Friday before his death; he said, he could not eat anything because he had lost two of his teeth . I did not see any marks lower down on the throat, than the apparent finger marks; They did not appear to me to have been made so far back as ten days. Cross-examined by the Court.- When I saw the body at the inquest, the marks on the throat were not visible until after the shirt collar had been opened; when I first saw the body the collar was closed up close to the chin and the sides, came up to his mouth. I never saw him, while alive, with the collar so closely buttoned. The distance from Hurford 's house to my house is nearly 12 miles. I tore the shirt down from the breast, in consequence of my suspicion having been excited by seeing the marks on his throat. George Chapman .-I live at the Vasse. I knew the late John Hurford ,l saw him on the Tuesday before his death, he did not appear to me to be near his death then. I saw the body at the inquest on the Tuesday; I saw the marks of fingers on one side of his throat, and the mark of a thumb on the other side. The marks appeared to me to be caused by the pressure of a hand. I thought, and still think, that the marks on the throat were sufficient to cause death by strangulation. George F. Guerrier. —I recollect, Monday the 9th April. I consequence of something I then heard, I went to Fishleigh to Hurford 's house, and saw his dead body; .it was not then cold. I attended the inquest on the Tuesday; I loosened the collar of the shirt, then on the body, and saw some marks on the throat, apparently caused by the grip of a hand, leaving finger marks on one side of the throat, and the mark of a thumb on the other. The marks appeared to me sufficient to cause death by strangulation; on the Saturday before the death, Mrs. Hurford came to me and represented Hurford to be in a dying state; she asked me how she would be off if he died without a will. Cross-examined by Mr. Howell-— The whole of the breast and throat of the body was examined by me at the inquest; it was proved by the witnesses at the inquest, that, when Hurford died, that he lay with his feet to the door, in consequence of which the light from the door would have been thrown in his face; but as the body lay at the inquest, his face was turned from the light. The marks on the throat appeared to me to be perfectly fresh. It was not at all likely they could have been made as far as ten days back. Henry T. Ker. — I reside at the Vasse; I saw the body of the deceased John Hurford on Friday . the 9th April; I saw the body at the inquest; it was dressed in a white shirt with stiff collar, close buttoned; I saw on the throat the scratches, apparently of finger marks, and on the other side another bruised mark; it struck me immediately as a mark caused by the grip of a hand. The marks were of a blueish colour; the marks appeared to me to be about two days old; it is not at all probable they could have been made so far as 10 days back. George F. Galbraith. I am a staff-surgeon to the troops here. Within a month past I have examined the stomach of the late John Hurford ; I detected no traces of poison in it; if a feeble old man, upwards of sixty years old, dies a natural death about the middle of the night, it is not probable his body would be warm eight hours after his death. Cross- examined by Mr. Howell.— According to some authorities a bruise on an old man retains the discoloration longer than in a young subject. Philip Dixon. I am a ticket of-leave man. -I am a servant of the prisoner Mrs. Hurford , I recollect the deceased John Hurford's death on Sunday, the 9th April. I went to the house on that day. and saw both the prisoners; and I saw the deceased sitting up in his bed. I spoke to him, and he said he was a little shaken by a ride on horseback. He talked of going over the next day, to his new house . He spoke to me quite manly and did not appear like a dying man. Dodd and Mrs. Hurford appearedto be both in liquor. I left Hurford about half an hour before sunset. On the day of the funeral I was left in charge of the houses. In the latter part of June or beginning of July I accompanied Mrs. Hurford and Dodd down to the Vasse. Dodd got very tipsy; when we got home he had a row with Mrs. Hurford : he was going to "shy" something at her; he said, I'll make you come up to the scratch; she went out to another room and began crying; she called me in and begged me to get him up to bed at the new house. I got him up to the new house to bed: he said again he would make Mrs . Hurford come up to the scratch, in the morning; I said if she owed him any money. she would pay him; he an- swered, "Oh. Phil, you know nothing about it: I have murdered the old man, and she got me to do it." I said no more to him that night as he was very tipsy. The next morning I called him on one side, an d asked him if he remembered what he had said the last night. He said. Yes, he did; he said, he knew that 1 would say no more about it, because I had had a hand in the will; he knew that I had made out and forged a will, as the will of the de- ceased; he said, that , on the Sunday of Hurford 's death, he and Mrs Hurford had made up their minds at once what to do with the old man." and that they were making it up when I saw them at the new house on that Sunday, that she kept on giving him drink up to the night; she promised him ten pounds and the old man's horse, called Turk, if he would murder the old man; that she kept looking out and ???ing that every one was asleep about the house; that she went up to the new house, to see if Norman was asleep, and returned and said, he was; that he sent her again to see if they were all asleep in the old house; that she went in with a lamp, came out again and told him that Norman and the others were all asleep. She brought a blanket out to him, but he said, take that away, for I know that won't do: that he then went to the door of Mr. Hurford 's room, but that he commenced trembling and returned back, and Mrs Hurford met him. She said, Well? He told her, he could not do it. She told him. he had not the spirit of a louse; she then brought him some wine or other liquor, in a cup. He drank it- returned to Hurford 's room, and as he stretched out his hand toward, Hurford's body, his hand touched Hurford who immediately called out "Bogojut, Bogajut," which is the name of a native that slept in the house, and of whom Hurford was very fond. With that he, Dodd. got hold of Hurford and throttled him; Hurford gave two kicks and stretched himself out , that he then went out of Hurford's room,and Mrs. Hurford met him and said, she had been making a noise in the bucket of water with her hand, to drown the noise, as she had heard Hurford shout out. She said to him, " Have you done it?" he said, "Yes" She said, "Be sure, for fear less he get up and have us both taken;" he said, he is dead. She went into the kitchen and brought a lamp out; , they both went into Mr. Hurford's room; they first ransacked the bed and Hurford's clothes, for it was always supposed Hurford had money on him. They found 2 shillings in money and some papers, and a title deed with a red diamond seal, Dodd said to me, " For God's sake, don't tell her what I have been telling you." In a day or two after. Mrs. Hurford was kneading some bread, and I told her that Dodd had told me, that he and she had murdered the old man. She turned quite white and trembled; she went out and called Dodd round the house; soon after that Dodd came to me as I was greasing a cart on the field, and said. "Why, you have gone and told her?" I said, " Yes, I have, for I thought it was of no matter, as they both knew about it." He afterwards came to me, and said," For the world, don't tell Tommy;" shortly afterwards I did tell Tommy. I mean Thomas Larkins. Mrs. Hurford told me, in Dodd's hearing, that they had arranged that Dodd was to get his conditional pardon and to be off to the Sound, and from there to the nearest port he could get to. When I told Mrs. Hurford what Dodd had told me about the murder, she did not deny anything that Dodd had said. but exclaimed, what a foolish man he is. Cross- examined by Mr. Howell. I decline to say whether I have ever taken a false oath. I have mentioned, what I have this day sworn, to several persons at the Vasse in the hearing of Mr. Guerrier. There was a servant woman named Wilcox, and a carpenter named Dobson, in the house above; Dodd had a row with Mrs. Hurford on our return from the Vasse. The statements of the accused before the committing magistrates were put in and read, insinuating that witness Dixon had administered some deleterious potion to the deceased. DEFENCE— William Coverley.-I live at Wonnerup. I recollect on Good Friday last, seeing the late John Hurford and William Hooper. They passed my place on their way to the Vasse; on their return the same day they stopped at my place; Hurford looked bad as he was going, but a great deal worse on his way back; I lifted him on his horse;he was so weak that he could not get on without help; it appeared to me that he would not live long; I was not surprised to hear of his death on the following Sunday. Cross-examined by the Advocate- General.—I am a farm labourer. I can't judge of a man's health except by his appearance; Hurford appeared pale in the face, nothing was said of a race between him and Hooper. They went at a walking pace when they left my place. Hannibal Bryan. —I am a medical man, and have served my time to a surgeon; I know the deceased John Hurford; I knew him for three years; he had generally a bad cough during that time; he had something the matter with his lungs; he seemed to me to be a man gradually declining; about a month before his death I told him I did not think he would live long; On Sunday, The 8th April, I saw Hurford just after dark; I found him in a very bad state; I felt his left wrist as he lay on his right side; I could not feel any pulse; his left hand was cold; I examined his body after his death; I saw a scratch on the left side of his throat, and a slight discolouration on the right side; about five days before that Hurford was at my house and said he had a quarrel with his wife, who had thrust a clout into his mouth, and had loosened two of his teeth, which he had been obliged to have taken out; he also said she had laid hold of his throat; that he felt it a little sore, but it would soon go off; he did not say he had received any scratches nor did I see any; his shirt collar was not open; I did not see any marks on the deceased's throat that in my opinion could have caused death. Mrs. Hurford first told me he was dead; the scratch did not appear to me fresh; It was more like a scratch getting well. Cross— examined by the Advocate General.-I served my time under a Dr Sales, near Nottingham; I passed no examinations after I left him, I am not a surgeon nor a liccatiate; I was an apprentice four years; twenty years elapsed from the termination of of my apprenticeship till my arrival here. I had practiced during that time as a general medical practioner; I had no stethoscope to apply to Hurford 's chest; by applying such an instrument, a practioner can ascertain the state of the breathing or respiration. Bronchitis is an inflammation of the Bronchial tubes. I have amputated a hand in this colony, Dr Rennie had to effect another amputation afterwards. I bought some land from the deceased, under a written agreement; I have paid for the land by a heifer in calf; after I felt Hurford's left wrist, he raised himself up in his bed; I felt his right wrist and found a pulse; I gave Hurford some medicine on the Saturday. Dr Galbraith recalled by Advocate General to show that the witness Bryan had misdescribed the use of the stethoscope. During his Reply the advocate General stated that an authority was something external to the speaker, bearing most emphatically and precisely upon the point in question, and previously uttered by some superior, not only to him, but by some one wholly impartial and unconscious of the use he was making of him. Lastly the authority must be known and respected by the Jury. In advising the jury to use their common sense as to the signs of a violent, and those of a natural death, where should he seek his authority? Not in the text book, of his own profession. From the Poets he would borrow. A poet cannot please many and please long, without analysis and induction, without observation and reasoning. If, then, there were a poet famed for observation, the pride of England, the idol of Germany, the prised possession of America, a well as literary Europe, what,if on a precisely similar problem, he had three centuries ago, penned these lines— "See how the blood is settled in his face! Oft have I seen a timely parted ghost, Of ashy ???ablance, meagre, pale and bloodless, ????? all descended to the labouring heart: Who, is the conflict that it holds with death. Attracts the same for ???ance against the enemy: Which ???? ???? heart there cords, and ne'er returneth To blush and beautify the cheek again. ?ot ?? his ???? is black and full of blood; His eye ???? further out than when he lived, Staring full ghastly like a strangled man. His hair upward, his nostrils stretch'd with strug[gling] His hands abroad ??? ???'d as one that grasp'd And tugg'd for life, and was by strength subdued. Look on the sheets, his hair you see, is sticking; His well proportioned beard made rough and rugged, Like to the summer's corn by tempest lodg'd It cannot be, but he was murder d here, The least of all these signs were probable." The main features of human life are the same now as then. The words of the witnesses---his eye- balss were farther out than when he lived'— are the words of Shakespeare. Verdict.—Guilty both. Sentence of death was passed. and they are to be hung within the walls of the new gaol on Monday morning. John Morris and John Gatliffe, charged with stealing some meat, the property of T. N. Yule, Esq, in August last. Morris was found guilty, and Gatliffe acquitted. Morris was convicted upon the testimony of Philip Dixon. the principal witness against Dodd and Bridget Hurford. He was sentenced to 12 months hard labour. Matthew Headry and John Craig. charged with stealing eight £1 notes, the property of James Hayes at Bunbury; were both acquitted. They were detended by Mr George Leake. Philip Dixon, charged with forging a will perporting to be the will of John Hurford. late of the Vasse district, pleaded guilty. and was sentenced to transportation for life.. Timothy McAuliffe, and John Ryan, were both found guilty of stealing bread, the property of W. P. Clifton.Esq. in the Bunbury district. Sentence 7 years transportation. William Kircun and James Farrell, were found guilty of attempting to commit a burglary in the dwelling house of Mr. John Henry Monger, of York, and sentenced to 18 months' hard labour. Stephen Williams pleaded guilty to the charge of obtaining goods on false pretences from Mr. Thomas Mason, of Perth, and was sentenced to 7 years' transportation. Patrick Hedney, charged with feloniously receiving six red shirts, six socks and other clothing, the property of John Thompson, of York, was found guilty, and sentenced to 7 years' transportation. Samuel Bloomfield charged with stealing two shovels the property of the Crown, pleaded guilty, Sentenced 6 months' hard labour. Ellen Holden was found guilty of stealing a knife and fork. a piece of muslin, and some children's clothing the property of Thomas Allmond of Perth. Prisoner was defended by Mr. Leake. Sentence one calendar month's imprisonment. Charles Dibden and George Stone, charged with counterfeiting a sovereign. Robert Hicks - I am a police serjeant at Frementle. Under a search-warrant I searched the house of the two prisoners on the 3rd Sept. last. I found in one of the rooms three bottles containing some liquid, a ladle containing some sand, a piece of plaister of Paris, and a piece of mixed metal, being the articles now produced. I also found the two Prisoners and another person named Burt. They were at dinner when I entered: on my opening the door, Dibdin rose from his seat, and got behind the door. While I was in the act of pulling him from behind the door. I saw him put his hand to his mouth. I immediately challenged him with having put some money into his mouth; he opened his mouth to shew me he had not got any money in it. I searched Dibdin. and found on his person the three coins now produced. and also the small bottle now produced. I found the paper containing pieces of calcined earth in the house of a man named Graves, I found them on a box, which Graves said belonged to Dibdin. Cross-examined by Mr. Leake-—When Dibbin was behind the door I heard the money rattle. Just after Dibdin put his hand to his mouth, I saw a motion in his throat as if something was being swallowed by him. Stone did not move from his seat. I saw Dibdin put his hand to his waistcoat pocket before he put it to his mouth. There was nothing but eatables and drinkables on the table. Wm. Bart. —I am a carpenter; I know the prisoners; Dibdin lived with Mr. Graves; I took a cottage and Stone lived with me; Dibdin frequently came up to see Stone. Dibden said, in my hearing, to Stone, I want some money- I'll make some- I'll make a mould. They got some plaister of Paris. Dibdin said, of he could not get any at Fremantle he could get some from Perth. That was in August last. I saw Dibdin making a mould and Stone assisting him; they finished one mould of plaister of Paris, on the 24th August. On the 25th August Dibdin left his employ. On the 26th August he told Stone in my presense, that he was going to Perth to get some stuff to make gold lotion with; I never made any before, I used to buy mine ready prepared in London; Stone said he would go with him (Dibdin) to Perth. On the following Tuesday both the prisoners returned to my house, and on the following Saturday I saw them both engaged in making counterfeit sovereigns. They finished Sixteen, of which, I believe, the two produced are part. They made the coins of some metal, like pewter, from spoons melted down. I saw them cover the coins with gold solution, by means of galvanic battery. I saw Stone take a sovereign, beat it out, and cut it to pieces, and got Dibdin to refine it. They got some money from me, to buy solution with Dibdin on that Saturday, gave me one of the sovereigns to get changed, and he gave Stone another. I went to Mr. Carter who paid me my wages. As I was going out, I met prisoner Stone going in. I waited till Stone came out. and he then told me that he had changed one of the bad sovereigns in Mr. Carters. The same evening Stone, in my presence, offered one of the bad sovereigns to a man, named Spencer, who immediately said it was a bad one. I tried to pass another of the bad sovereigns that evening, but it was rejected. I offered one of those sovereigns for Dibdin, and by his instructions offered it to Mr. Oakley, in paying for a waistcoat; but Mr. Oakley rejected it. I said I had received a sovereign that evening from Mr. Carter. I was then taken into custody by policeman McGlew, accompanied by whom I went to Mr.Henry Carter, to whom I represented, that he had given me the bad sovereign on payment of my wages. He gave me a good sovereign in exechange. I was present when police serjeant Hicks came to search my house, I and the two prisoners were at dinner. The moment that Hicks came in I saw Dibdin put several counterfeit sovereigns into his mouth and swallow them. I saw him take them from his waistcoat pocket. About three hours before that I had seen 10 counterfeit sovereigns in Dibdin's possession. Dibdin was standing partly behind the door, when I saw him swallow the coin. I saw the 3 small coins produced taken from the person of Dibdin by Hicks . I saw the contents of some of the bottles produced, used by the prisoners in some of the processes of making the counterfeit coin . I saw them use the ladle produced. They had hot sand in it. Cross-examined by Mr. Leake.— I did not assist the prisoners to make the coin. I am a ticket-of- leave man. I tried to pass one of the bad sovereigns on the 4th of September. I first told my story to the magistrate. I never had any agreement with any one, ,that I should not be prosecuted if I gave that story. I received part of the good sovereign I got from Mr. Carter. I have seen Dibdin silvering some candlesticks for Mr. Scott. I had been living in the house next door to the house in which the prisoners were arrested for more than a 12 months before that. The ladle was got from Bod- dingier the baker, on the 29th August. I have never done any coining, or saw any coining before I saw the prisoneers at work. I heard the coin rattle between Dibdin's teeth, when I saw him put his hand to his mouth. I distinctly saw Dibdin put coins like the counterfeit sovereigns produced, into his mouth. Cross- examined by the Court. — I have examined the pieces of backed earth in the paper produced. They are pieces of an earthen vessel, which I have seen Dibdin using in golding the counterfeit coins. Cross-examined by a Juror.— I have had no inducement to peach upon the prisoners, held out to me by a magistrate or any one else. Charles Spencer — My mother keeps a public house at Fremantle. I recollect on a Saturday evening, in September last, the prisoner Stone came to my mother's house. Stone called for a glass of Sherry and offered me a sovereign which I refused as bad. It was of the same sharp and general appearance as one of the bad sovereigns now shown to me. After I refused that sovereign he gave me a note. Verdict-Guilty both. Sentence — Transportation for life. George Williams, charged with cutting and wounding. with intent to murder, James McEvoy, at Fremantle. Daniel Martin.— I recollect the 26th day of Sept. I am an assistant warder in the Convict Establishment at Fremantle. The prisoner is a convict in that Establishment; on the 26th of last September I was on duty at a gate of the Establishment; the prisoner was then in my sight, being one of a party of convicts engaged in filling waggons with rubbish; he was working with a shovel, about 10 o'clock in the forenoon of that day I saw prisoner leave his work and follow James McEvoy, another assistant warder, who was passing by on duty. Prisoner had his shovel with him; as soon as he got within reach of McEvoy, he struck him with the edge of his shovel on one of his legs; he struck McEvoy a second blow on the leg with the edge of his shovel: McEvoy then fell and got up again, and struck prisoner with his fists: prisoner then struck McEvoy a third blow on the leg with the edge of the shovel, which knocked McEvoy down again : then prisoner struck twice at McEvoy's head, and the shovel broke: the broken shovel produced is the one I saw prisoner use : after the shovel broke, prisoner seized the upper part of the handle and struck McEvoy either two or three blows on the head: McEvoy's head was bare at the time : three warders then came up and took the prisoner into custody. Cross-examined by prisoner.— McEvoy fell down on a heap of sand. I did not see him fall against a waggon: I am not positive whether there was a waggon on the road at the time or not. I did not hear any conversation pass between prisoner and McEvoy. By the Jury.— Prisoner had not above 4 paces to go to attack McEvoy: I saw McEvoy take up a pick after the three warders had hold of the prisoner McEvoy raised the pick but did not strike the prisoneer. I was thirty yards off from the prisoner: when McEvoy raised the pick, he moved towards prisoner, but was stopped by the warders. Thomas Crean,— I am a convict in the Fremantle. Establishment. I remember on the 26th of September last being at work in the prison yard with the prisoner and other convicts; I saw the warder McEvoy pass by me: McEvoy did not say or do any to the prisoner as he passed; prisoner started from his work in a kind of a trot, taking his shovel with him, in pursuit of McEvoy whom he struck on the legs with the shovel, and knock him down : McEvoy fell over a tramway near to where a waggon stood :after McEvoy fell. and while he was on the ground. prisoner struck him about the legs with the shovel: I went up to Williams to seize him, , but Williams kept brandishing the shovel to keep me off: I kept hold of Williams till McEvoy got up: both of them then struck at each other. I was forced to let go of Williams, who struck another blow with the shovel at McEvoy: the shovel struck against some part of the waggon, and the handle was split; Williams and McEvoy both fell to the ground, and were entangled together. Two officers came up, and assisted me to take Williams. Cross-examined by Prisoner —I saw McEvoy before he passed by us; I swear he made no sneer at the prisoner; it took two officers and me to secure the prisoner; after prisoner was secured, McEvoy seized a pick and was going to strike prisoner, when one of the officers stopped him and McEvoy dropped the pick. By the Jury,— When the first blow was struck, prisoner and McEvoy were within a yard or two of the waggon. I was about six yards off from them then. It was impossible McEvoy could have fallen against the waggon from the first blow. David Field Rennie- I am surgeon to the Ord- nance Military Department. I recollected on the 26th September, I was called in to see warder McEvoy about half past 10 a.m. There were a couple of incised wounds on the head, penetrating to the bone. Between those two wounds was a depression caused by a fracture of the external table of the skull. On the lower part of the right leg was a small slanting wound exposing the bone. On the left knee-part was a deep wound almost penetrating the joint; the wounds must have been induced by a sharp instrument and might have been done by such an instrument as a shovel now produced; and the depression on the skull might have been caused by the part of the broken handle of a shovel now produced; the wounds might have been serious, but McEvoy is now out of danger. John Weedon. — I am a prisoner to the Convict Establishment at Fremantle. I remember on the morning of Sunday the 23rd September last warder McEvoy being on duty. I saw him pass the prisoner's cell, which is near to mine; while McEvoy was passing down towards our cells, the prisoner said "I'll chuck the b—r over and kill him if I can." Our cells were on the upper gallery; if a person fell over the rails in front of our cells he would fall over 50 feet. Prisoner, when he saw McEvoy coming, went into his cell and took his jacket off and came out again. But McEvoy had turned back before prisoner came back to the door of his cell: I should say that a prisoner could easily throw another over the rails .if he came behind the other and took him by surprise. Thomas Kennedy— I am a prisoner in the Fre- mantle Convict Establishment. I know the prisoner and warder(McEvoy). I recollect one Saturday in September last I heard prisoner say that he had been once flogged for Warder McEvoy and that he (prisoner)would be hung for him. There had been some conversation about McEvoy. Prisoner was in the gallery outside, close to the door of my cell Cross-examined by a Juror— I knew the prisoner well from being in the same mess with him. I never quarrelled with the prisoner. There was no one else within hearing that I know of when prisoner said what he did about Warder McEvoy. Henry Peach Linthorne— I am assistant store- keeper in the Commissariat. In December last I saw part of an assault committed by the prisoner on warder McEvoy, for which he was sentenced to be flogged. While the handcuffs were being put on him by himself, I heard him say, "I shall be flogged now, but I am sorry I did not kill the b— -r. if I had a pistol I'd blow some of their b— y brains out.'' I was at that time a warder in the Convict Establishment. Thomas Henry Dixon— I am Superintendent of the Convict Establishment. Warder McEvoy is specially forbidden to attend the prisoner, in consequence of the prisoner having previously assaulted McEvoy. McEvoy is a quiet man, and not harsh. All charges against prisoners are heard by me, and he had made only one trivial charge against the prisoner. On Sunday, the 23rd Sept. McEvoy was warder on duty in prisoner's ward, and it was his duty to have passed by prisoner's cell. DEFENCE- McEvoy took every opportunity of sneering at me. He accused me of giving tobacco to some of the hard-labour men. He shook his fist at me, and said, "I'll report you, you scoundrel." Shortly after that McEvoy passed me in a sneering manner, and then I struck him. Ever since then he has taken every opportunity of annoying me. What I mean by sneering is, that McEvoy shook his head and bit his lips, as much as to say, "Now I have you." If uttered the expressions sworn to by Linthorne, I did so in a passion, and meant no harm. Verdict —Guilty. Sentence of death passed. John Brown was acquitted of the charge of stealing £2 10s from Peter McBryde, of Bunbury. Andrew McGough. charged with uttering a forged order for the payment of five pounds, purporting to signed by Mr C. A. Manning, of Fremantle, was found guilty, and sentenced to transportation for life. William Jamieson, charged with forging an order for the payment of £5, in the name of Mr. C A. Manning, as drawer. Not guilty. William Sullivan charged with stealing a cow, the property of Henry Briarly the elder. Verdict,— Guilty. Sentence—15 years' transportation. Dickie Glyne, and Governor or Tarungwet. charged with spearing with intent to do grievous bodily harm to Yurwic, in the Salt River district. Verdict —Guilty both. Sentence — 15 years transportation. The same prisoners, together with Richard or Yannar, pleaded guilty to the charge of stabbing with intent to do grievous bodily harm to Beelyar, Sentence - 13 years' transportation. 