THE. IMMACULATE CONCEPTION OF THE BLESSED VIRGIN. The decision of the late Council at Rome — that the Blessed Virgin was conceived with out sin — is just no more than the authorita tive promulgation of the Church's traditional belief. The holy Fiithers of the early ages, and pious Christians in succeeding ages ?firmly believed in its truth. Sucli a belief does honour to the Saviour. If we honour the Mother, we inferentially honour the Son, To believe that the Mother from the fir^t instant of her conception was free from sin — to believe that she was exempted from origi nal sin. and that as the predestined M'otUer of the infinitely holy Jesus, she was always preserved pure from the defilement of sin is a very natural and pious belief. None can doubt the Almighty's power to confer such graces and privileges ; none can say then that he did not bestow them on her whom . he chose for his mother. He who died for an ungrateful world may be believed to have loved his oavh mother yet more exceed ingly, and moreover to have elevated and enriched her with favours above all angels and creatures. She was the chosen sanctuary of the son of the Almighty Father. This pre-eminent privilege from all eternity was designed for her, and God having vouchsafed to take upon him her flesh, who will say that Ho, Infinite Holiness, did not specially exempt from all taint of original sin, and preserve pure and holy from- the commence ment that flesh from which he took his hu manity. That he did so, is now declared an article of faith, duly transmitted to us from the Apostolical times. It is a consequence which even a rationalist who admits the In carnation must deduce from the premises it rests on. To be born of one neither con ceived nor born in sin, but immaculate and holy as the angels, beautifully accords with the Divine humanity of Jesus, and with the Omniscience of his Divinity which, m uniting itself to our nature, had such high regard to its own majesty and dignity. .As stated already, it was among the pious heretofore that .the doctrine of the ': imma culate conception of the Blessed Virgin' found the warmest advocates. They who were in a move especial manner under the patronage of the Holy Virgin, and who be times dwelt long in meditation on her Di vine maternity, ..seemed sometimes borne away in hyperbole by force of enthusiasm and eulogistic ..comment. It was clear to them that in the relationship which, sub sisted' between the. mother and her son, nothing . was withheld from the mother which was in the power of the ' son to bestow. View the subject in any other light, and its truth will be equally trans parent. Let us, with the' knowledge we possess, .conduct our imagination to a time anterior to the birth of the Saviour, and. we shall thus reason : — .' The Second- Person of the adorable Trinity, the Son Almighty will soon come down from the Heavens and as sume human nature. He will take flesh in the womb of a virgin. Oh, happy virgin, ' blessed above, all women !' ' All genera tions .will call thee blessed,' who art chosen to be the temple of the Most High. Shall she be preserved free .from all sin ? Shall Infinite Holiness, which abhors all sin,- not except her from the taint of original sin. Oh ! yes, what God can do, he will. He abominates all sin, and she He .will select for the assumption of human nature will no doubt never know sin, and in point of sanc tity will make a nearer approximation to Him than any one of our race. The honour which is intended for her will be unparal ? leled. Such an honour has not fallen to the lot of angels, and is of the whole human race reserved for that favoured being. She will be the reverse of the first Eve : Eve was guilty of original tin; she will be* neither conceived nor born in sin ; for God avIio hates sin and means to become incarnate in her, will certainly not allow her to be even once infected with sin.' The Protestant Press of England, which lias created so great a hubbub about the soundness of the late definition, boldlv maintains that the Blessed Virgin was both conceived and born in sin. The attitude assumed by the Archbishop of Paris and one or two other Galliean Bishops, in opposition to the decree of a Council of upwards of two hundred Bishops — learned and venerable Fathers — representatives of every National Church in the world — is highly to be re gretted. It is to be hoped that on a recon sideration of the case, they will withdraw their preposterous objections. Let any un biassed man calmly investigate the subject, probe it to the very bottom, and the more it is examined the more thoroughly he will be convinced that God would not have derived his manhood through .a medium that , once was polluted by sin. It is true that the descendants of Adam became partakers of his sin and punishment, but it is also true, that he who pronounced that sentence might have revoked it in a particular instance. To believe that a God of infinite holiness would join his Divinity to a flesh that was once sinful, is irrational and unseemly ; but to believe .that he took flesh of a virgin who was never so, who was conceived and born in innocence, is a belief which does honour to the human intellect, and the wisdom of the Great Omniscient. This doctrine has been always believed in the Church. They who controvert its truth, must take up the alter native of believing Christ's sacred Mother to have been afe one time a sinner. But it must be obvious to all men that a contrary belief would be more honourable to God and more worthy of a Christian. The Council, which has just closed its sit tings at Rome, which was composed of 54 Cardinals, 1 Patriarch, 43. Archbishops, and 97 Bishops, gathered together from every point- of the earth's surface — such an array of venerable saintly men, professors of every living language under Heaven, must not be looked upon otherwise than with sentiments of the most profound admiration and esteem. . ? nuul There were present besides Right Reverend Abbots, Prothonotaries Apostolic, domestic prelates, private chamberlains, and cham berlains of honour, who, taken together would amount to the large number of 400 Prelates — the most august* Ecclesiastical as sembly that has been seen since the Council of Trent. To form an idea of the distin guished theologians who sat in the Vatican and who were therefore so well qualified to pronounce on the subject, it is unnecessary to instance more than the names of Cardinal Wiseman, the illustrious Archbishop of Tuani, the learned Archbishop of Dublin and the ~ no less learned and eloquent Archbishop of New York. All these learned and profound theologians, with the exception of two or three bishops of the G-allican Church, always remarkable for its singularity, unanimously subscribed to the declaration of the ' Immaculate -Conception of the Blessed Virgin.' The doctors of the law have consulted together, and the re sult of their deliberations is ' strong as Hoi Writ ' and equally as binding. There is the utmost security in reposing on counsel influenced aiid assisted by the Holy Ghost. The G-allican dissentients are now in a very awkward position. The Council certainly was not a General or (Ecumenical Council. But if a General Council be called, there are a hundred chances to one that the decree which has already gone forth will only receive more valid confirmation. But if it were possible that it would reverse that decree, then in that case the. doctrine in dispute would be open as it was before to voluntary recognition or disapproval. It would be left open to freedom af discussion, and be among the subjects which are undecided. In dubii's Ubertas. His Holiness Pius IX, with the advice and concurrence 6f the Council, has finally set his seal to the testimony adduced of the Immaculate Conception of the. Blessed Vir gin. It was reserved for the present great Pontiff to have the high honour of so sig nalling himself in the service of the Queen ? of Heaven. The act is calculated to bring a blessing on the entire Church, both Pastors and people, and particularly on his Holiness, who was the chief means of its execution. Protestants are not able to appreciate this. It is because they are destitute of true faith. Heresy begets impiety, presumption, and in difference. Bit by bit it ships the soul of all faith, and leaves it after disrobing it to weather as it can the storm. Heresy, struck blind, stands as a memento of Heaven's withering curse, dissatisfied with itself and everything in its reach. Day or night it knows no rest, so haunted is it by its evil genius, and if. at any time a smile appears to light up its features, its complacency arises not from internal remedial acquirements but from the success of uncharitable injury done others. The Protestant feels outraged at the i'clea of a belief in the Immaculate Con ception. He is; not an admirer of the Holy ' Mother. of Our Lord, and is bent on reducing her status to the lowest possible standarci. He does not think that he is at the same time offending the son while he is so spar ing of courtesy to the mother. He does not think how infinitely inferior he is to the \- angel who, appearing befoie her as the am bassador of God, said ' Hail Mary ! full of grace ! The Lord is with thee.' This form of salutation coming from an angel would make an impression on any man in favour oi the transcendent holiness of the person ad dressed, except him who is dead, or morally dead. c' Blessed art thou among women,' continued the angel. -Now St. Elizabeth and other holy women were living then, and in every age back to the foundation of the world there had been innumerable holy wo men, but these holy women became ordinary women when compared with the Blessed Virgin, their sanctity became as nothing when compared to hers ; theirs in their own sphere 'was as the stars by night in the fir mament, which, however, on the approach of the blazing sun become immediately rclipsed, and wholly lost to view. In the Bodleian Library there is the let ter of the Priests and Deacons, of Aclinia on the martyrdom of the Apostle Andrew, and in that letter Saint- Andrew is said to have spoken as follows before the Proconsul ligeas : — ' And as the first man was created from immaculate earth it was necessary that the perfect man should be burn of an immaculate 'Virgin-r-tliat the Son of Grod, who had previously created man, should restore the eternal life which mankind through Adam had lost.' Many passages of the most an cient Menologies in Wagnereck's ' Pietas Mariana Gra3coru.n1 '' may be found of this kind when speaking of the Immaculate Vir gin ; — u undefiled by any stain — the only one who escaped the spiritual death of original sin— distinguished as being pure from eter \- nity— the only one worthy from eternity to become the Mother of God.' Origen, who flourished in the second century comments largely on the words ' Hail ! full of grace,' and says that they were words proper for Mary alone, and ' not to be addressed to man.' St. Epiphanius lived in the year 403. In his ' De laudibus Marias ' occurs the following ;— ' She was superior to all, Grod alone, indeed, excepted ? The immaculate sheep which brought forth the Lamb Christ.' All things are possible with Grod. He made a virgin conceive and bring forth a son and yet remain a virgin. He could as easily make her whom He wished to take flesh from an exception to the whole human race, by not allowing her to be even for one instant under the dominion of sin and Satan. .This is indisputable. The proposition is, therefore sustained by reason and argument ; but if it were not, we have an infallible Church— the judge of all doctrinal contro versies—authoritatively pronouncing it to be of Apostolical origin. S. 