NEW SOUTH WALES. albury. I An Unwelcome Visitor. — Wo havo been recently favored by a visit fronr the Sub-Collector of Cus toms resident at Albury, bo that, if the Government dees not throw its shield over us in the way of pro tection; we-are still considered sufficiently important to belaxed, and that heavily. Tho gentleman is a thorough Irishman, both in brogue and blarney, con sequently the additional tax which lie is sont to im poso sits delightfully easy on us, bnt is it lawful P Or rather is the mode of collection according to law '( The two, colonies having— wisely, let us hope— deter- mined to do all in- their power to make lite on the Borders as disagreeable as possible,- in order to.faci litat i the settlement (?) of the country, propose to retax cdrtain useful commodities as they cross the boundaries . f eash. Now, this is all very well ; at all events it is legitimate; but is it so on the part o the Government officer to visit every store and sta tion, without previous notice, and demand tho invoice of goods, months— nay, in some cases, a year or two a ter they are received, throwing- the onus probaiuU on the parties as to whether they aro taxable or not P If this is law, we are retrograding, and we shall soon expect to see the ghosts of Lluslrisson, Peel, Cobderi, and other Freetraders among us, frightening us into propriety. But, perhaps, as tile Government has made up its mind to look into overy old woman's i ea pot, it will condescend to give us power to protect the teapot from being stolen by any marauder who inay, as we are at present situated, think at any mo ment that ho has as fair a claim to it as the rightful n«npr. The Sub-Collector was accomnanied bv his trooper, which fact alone speaks volumes for the state of society in the district ; the Government protects its servants, but thrse who labor to pay them are not considered of sufficient consequence for similar favors. We thank them for — nothings — S. M. Herald. ! Thb Laboring Population in the Bush. — These are indeed golden times for the laboring population in the bush, where they are disposed to be frugal and industrious, and! hazard an opinion from experi ence in all quarters of the world', that in no country ure the prospects of the working classes so pei-ma- ; iiontly good as in the bush of Australia. Let us see , what are their earnings: A man and his wife, as house servants, or the wife as house servant and the man engaged in general duties of the station, earn ,£J00 per annum with their rations. If of frugal habits they may save„ iSU yearly | put out to inte- , rest, at 10 per cent, the first year's savings, yield him iu the second year £88. At the end of the third year he would havo £176, with his salary for that year of £SO. On the expiration of the fourth year he would have £2 '.6, and by the time he had com pleted his fifth year he would possess £510. He is now an independent man, with upwards of £500 in his pocket, which be ought to be able to invest in land. But among the thousands of the laboring population of the bush, how few there are who embrace the golden opportunity now offered them— instead of that thriftiness which in a short period would make them independent, they act diametrically opposite,' as if those times were to last for ever. Tney do not consider that every year brings out more population to compete with them, and the prizes in the lottery of life are to be divided among an increasing number of their co-laborers. Now is the time for frugality and industry, and the fact can not be' too strongly impressed upon the minds of those to whose interest this short paragraph is dedi cated—observing the goiden rule, ' waste is the parent of want j' success is to them cert ∈, more Certain than in any other quarter of the world, what ever be its fu-mdf Government. The next few years will evidently be pregnant with times of great mo ment to those in Australia, who earn their liviflg ' by the sweat of their brow.' - How many will sweat in vain? ask the demon ' Drunkenness !.' — ? Ibid. . 