COPPIN'S OLYMPIC. HAMLET. If Hamlet does not present — as we are in clined to believe it does, so far as the charac ter of the Prince is concerned — a minute and faithful picture of the great dramatist's own mind, al; one particular epoch of his lifo, wo cannot help regarding it as exhibiting the mental auatomy of almost every man of genius in early youth or mauhood. We aro not speaking of the robust and hardy ' heirs of fame,' of men like Scott, and Sidney, and Cer vantes, lor they do not symbolize the class. They are not 'representative men.' They present rare and enviable combinations of mental intelligence, moral strength, and cor poreal hardihood; but have little in common with their less active, equally imaginative, and more sensitive brethren. We refer to those who truly typify the vales irritabile, — to men like Tasso, Camoens, Petrarch, Chattcrton, Savage, Goldoni, Otway, Pellico, Cowper, Burns, Rousseau, Shelley, and a host of others whom it is unnecessary to specify. Every faithful biographical memoir, of men like these, will be found to illustrate the influence of feel ings and emotions identical with those which distinguished Hamlet, in so far as those feel ings aro spontaneous — natural to the indivi dual, and not expressly referable to the mourn ful train of circumstances by which he is sur rounded, and in which he plays so tragical a part. For, be it observed, the main peculiari ties of Hamlet's character: are not the result of circumstances: they existed prior to the murder of his father and the ill-omened mar riage of his mother. These events did not create those peculiarities,, but merely gave them form and pressure. His gloom was constitutional and ineradicable. If nothing had occurred to agitate the current of his life, the probability is that he would have become another Jacques, distinguished by the utter ance of profound and exquisite moralities, aud ' much given to allicholy and musing.' Reverting, however, to our fundamental proposition, — that deeply-rooted and , hypo chondriacal melancholy, those words of strange and earnest meditation — those sudden bursts of violent passion or of fitful mirth — that com mingling of wisdom and levity — of stedfast purpose and of wayward impulse — of tender ness and harshness, of the forecast, philosophy, and gravity of age, with the fervor and viva city of youth, — are, we venture to affirm, as essentially the characteristics of nine-tenths of those who have been eminent for poetic genius, as of the Prince of Denmark. We could undertake, in fact, to write a commentary upon the passionate speeches and soliloquies of Hamlet, every word of which should illus trate or be selected from the autobiographies and memoirs of tho poets. As a metaphysical study, tho character of Hamlet will always be a source of interest and perplexity. We repeat our belief that Shak spere found its elements within his own mind, gathered them into a cluster, vivified them with the Promethean fire of his own genius, surrounded his creation with a web of dark and fearful circumstance, and made tho character at once a marvel and a mystery. While reading the play, it seems to us as if its author had thought aloud — uttering his thoughts by fits aud snatches, but leaving here and there a link defective in the chain of his discourse, which the student hopelessly endeavors to piece out and perfectly unite. In Mr. Brooke's Hamlet, the intelligence of the actor's mind exhibits itself more constantly and prominently than in his sustentation of any character in which he has yet appeared. We have seen Hamlets innumerable, and must award to this actor's the praise of being in many respects an original rendering of tho part, ami frequently betraying a commendable independ ence of tradition and authority. It was an in tellectual treat to see one of the most intellec tual characters in the whole range of the Shaksperian dramas interpreted in such an intellectual spirit, and with so fino an appre ciation of those subtleties which cscape the attention of the careless reader, and are also missed by the mechanical actor. Comparing Mr. Brooke's portraiture of Hamlet to the productions of the pencil, we should say that it combined tho breadth, yigor, and vividness, of one of Giorgione's portraits ; with the minuteness of detail and elaborate finish of one of Maes's. When we contrasted this artistic filling in of every subordinate feature, and accidental shadow of the character, with the bold and rugged out line, but outline only, which the actor sketched some twelve or fourteen years ago, we per ceived how much the highest histrionic ability owes to practise, observation, and experience. If there were any present who had never read the play, they must havo obtained, from Mr. Brooke's rendering of tho principal cha racter, a more accurate conception of its more salient features, than they would derive from half-a-dozen perusals of the drama in their owu closets. Irresolute ; introspective by habit, and reflective by the natural constitu tion of his mind ; brave in resolve, but waver ing in the execution of his purposes ; affec tionate, vehement, quick of perception, and prone to speculate on the mysteries which surround us here, aud the profounder myste ries which await us hereafter, — this was the Hamlet of last night, and a close approxima tion to what its author designed the character should be, so far as our own imperfect concep tion of it goes. The soliloquies were very effectively given ; the interview with the ghost awed tho house into breathless silence ; aud tke injunction to the players was delivered so admirably, and enforced such salutary lessons, that we could wish it were read by Mr. Brooke, once a week in a full convocation of all the actors in Victoria. The play-scene was not so impres sive as the same scene enacted by Mr. Macready and his associates ; but Hamlet's dialogue with his mother displayed skill and power of the highest order. Writing at this late hour, however, (for the iragedy occupied nearly four hours in its performance) we can only criticize discursively and superficially. To the Ophelia of Mrs. Waller wo have only to offer the objection which applies to all her juveuile characters, — the un-girlish quality of her voice. Few actresses, however, could infuse more feeling or greater sweetness into those 'snatches of old tunes' which she :l chaunts ns one incapable of her own distress,'' or have displayed more pathos in the delivery of the passage : — ' I hope all will be well. Wo must be patient : but I cannit choose but weep, to think they should lay him i' tho cold ground. My brother shall know of it, and so I thank you for your good counsel. Come, my coach 1 Good night, ladies ; good night, sweet ladies ; good night, good night.' Mr. Youuge's elocution gave tho utmost impressiveuess to the language uttered by the ghost ; and Mr. Leslie made a very senten tious and solemnly stolid Polonius, as became a Danish Lord Chamberlain. The small part of Osric was redeemed from its customary insignificance by the clever acting of Mr. Hill, and Mr. Birch's rendering of the character of the King was careful and intelligent. Nor must we overlook the relief imparted to the general sonibreness of the drama by the humor of tho first Grave-digger, as sustained by Mr. Coppiu, and of the second as played by Mr. Murray. From the defilement and the dust of death, — from the abode of the ruddy earth-worm and the glossy mole, — from mouldering mortality and all its crumbling adjuncts, what matter for quaint mirth and as quaint logic do not these del vers contrive to extract 1 To them decay and death were such familiar things that they had lost all property of loathsome ness, and were suggestive only of jocular asso ciations ; of fantastic quips ; of odd, irrelevant discussions ; and of speculations that were far more humorous than abstruse. They had so little 'feeling of their business' that they would have 'peeped and botanized upou their mother's gravo.' Their office supplied them with no subject of cogitation graver than a conundrum. They could pun waist- deep in earth, give the lie direct to the young Lord Hamlet; and parry with his sharp-edged, biting words, as though they were very cunning in such witty fence. To them the charges and convulsions of the state were nothing ; — ? pomp, title, empire, nothing ; — Hamlet's dis tempered fancies, and Ophelia's beauty, nothing ; for prince and maiden would both be ' my .lady worm's ; chapless and knocked about tho mazzard with a sexton's spado.' To them, all that was nbove the earth was frail, fugitive, aud temporary, whereas ' tho houses they made,' beneath its surface, en dured ' till Doomsday 1' 