.. CLIPPINGS FROM LATE FILES» At the recent Oxford assizes, William Hawes, aged fifty, labourer, was charged with feloniously marrying Elizabeth Cudd, his lawful wife being then alive, at St Thomas's, Oxford, on the 11th of July, 1853\. The jury found the prisoner guilty. The prisoner in mitigation of punishment said, his wife had robbed and left him within two months after his marriage. Lord Campbell, in passing sentence, ob- served upon the unsatisfactory state of the law in respect to divorce. It a man wished to have his marriage dissolved, when his wife had proved unfaithful and broken her marriage vow, it was necessary for him to obtain an act of Parliament for the dissolu- tion of the marriage. A poor man was in such a case entirely without remedy, for the marriage could only be dissolved by act of Parliament. In the first instance, the husband must bring an action to re- cover damages for criminal conversation with his wife. Then he must go to the Ecclesiastical Court and obtain a divorce a mensa et thon. He must then get a bill introduced into the House of Lords, and having caused it to pass through that House, he must have it sent down to the House of Commons. The bill having passed the Commons, he must then pro- cure the consent' of Her Majesty to' the passing of the bill, and [so . his marriage might be at length disolved. His Lordship then ob- served that it could hardly be expected that the poor old man who was standing at the bar, should bring such an action and go through all the tedious and expen- sive process described. It was clear, how- ever, that he was an injured man, for it was proved that his wife had forsaken him, and for the last 15 years had been living with another man. Still he was wrong in point of law, and had no right to marry again until the former marriage had been dissolved. This was a very unsatisfactory state of the law, and he himself. (Lord Campbell) had done his best in that house of the Legislature to which he belonged to haye the law altered, and he hoped to live to see the day when that should be done. In the meantime he must discharge his duty and sentence the prisoner for | having committed what was called the crime of bigamy. There were circum- stances in the case of great mitigation; and he (Lord Campbell) thought that one week's imprisonment was as much as the prisoner's crime deserved. His Lordship sentenced him accordingly. Mr. Hill said, the indictment had been preferred against the prisoner in consequence of his having, with Elizabeth Cudd and child, become chargeable to the parish.-Times. Some land in Finch-lane, City of London, 'opposite the Australasian Bank, recently let on a building lease by the Merchant Tay- lors Company, produced about £15 a-foot as ground-rent, the depth being about 70 feet. The new buildings on the souih tide of Cornhill, recently erected by Messrs Savory and the County Firo-ofSce, aro sub- ject to a ground rent of £1200 per annum. The -frontage is about 54 feet, and the depth about 80 feet, and, calculating as in former cases, the cost per acre amounts to £470,000. Again,-the block of buildings called, " Royal Exchange-buildings," oc- cupying an area of from 4000 to 5000 feet, produces a gross rental of £10,000 a-year. Travelling wcstwaid to-t^ow Can on-street, a piece of land opposite the triangular plot adjoining St. Paul's, containing about 4500 feet superficial, has been let at a ground rent of £1550 a-year, which, nt 30 years' purchase, produces about £460,000 an acre. To cap them all, however, we mast go back to the plot of ground at the north- east corner of ' Threadneedle-street- and Finch-lane, belonging to Mr. Alderman Mdon, the present Lord Mayor, which re- port says has been recently let at n ground rent of £1000 per annum. The superficial area of this piece is about 1600 feet, and calculating the ground rent at 30 years' purchase, we lind its value is at the rate of £S40,000 per acre ! Much has been written about the value of the triangular plot of land between New Cannon-street and St. Paul's. The area of this plot is Q2"0 feet, and we understand a positive offer has been made to take it at a ground rent of £2000 a-year, which would produce at 30 years' purchase, the sum named (£60,000), being at the rate of £420,000 an acre. We need scarcely give any ad- ditional examples to prove the enormr.us value to which land in the city -of London has arrived.-The Builder. A Ghost Story.-That tho popular belief in ghosts is not extinct, even in a large town like'Sheffield, U proved by a tragic circumstance of recent occurrence. It was currently reported in Campo-lane, at the latter end of last week, that a ghost, " all in white," had made its appearance in the house of John Favell, > who lives in Campo-lane, a little beyond the parish church. The story was genuino thus far, that a young woman, named Harriet War,d, who lodged at Favell's house, affirmed in the most solemn manner that she had seen an apparition in the cellar-kitchenr This assertion was made with such an air of cre- dibility that the other inmates in the house-Favell, his wife, and the wife's sister-could not altogether disbelieve it, though they had no visual evidence of its truth. Favell had heard strange sounds, however, which he thought might have had their origin in supernatural agency. On Saturday evening they felt so much concerned on account of the ghostly presence that, for the sake of greater sceurity, a friend of the family, a man .named Roheit Rollinson, who lodged in court Wo. 24, South-street, Park, was re- quested lo spend the night at Favell's house. Ôeing neither superstitious nor timid, Rol- linson acquiesced. He and the other persons went to bed in due time, and Rol- linson reported on the Sunday morning that he had seen nothing extraordinary, but to- wards morning had heard a strange noise that he could not account for. He returned home to breakfast, having first received an invitation for himself and wife to dine with the Favells. His wife and the family with whom thev lodged were" very inquisitive about the ghost, but Rollinson assured him that he had seen nothing of it. His wife at once accepted the invitation to dinner, and seemed to regard the apparition story as a pleasant jest. She little knew that within a few hoars it would prove her death. She and her husband kept their appointment at Favell's nnd remained to ?spend the rest of the day there ^ It should be here, stated, as a ciicumstance which may throw some light on this strange affair, that all the parties concerned-except, per- haps, the ghost, of whose creed nothing is known-were members of the community called Latter-day. Saints; whose congrega- tional meetings are held at the , Hall of s Science, Hockinghatn-street. To this * place Favell and " his family and friends * -repaired ort "Sunday afternoon, leaving in their house Mrs Favell's sister, Mrs Rollinson and Mrs Johnson {the person ac whose house in South-street the Rollinsons lodged.) On the return of the party who had gone to the Hall of Science, they were accompanied by several acquaintances, who had heard of the apparition and perhaps felt curious to know more about it. Harriet W.ard was eloquent on the subject of the vision, and several of the visitors went into the cellar-kitchen lo «ce the ghostly residence and the precise spot where it had been seen. A number of persons had assembled in front of'the house,1 understanding that the ghost was " on view." anxious to have a peep for nothing,; bul Mrs Favell, feel- ing nnnoyed at seeing so many individuals prying tit the kilclien window, requested her sister to fasten a tempoiary blind against it with two forks. The sister, however, had not courage to perform the task, although several individuals had al- j roady gone down into the kitchen, pre- ceded by Harriet Ward with a lighted candle. It was al tliis'moment that Mrs Rollinson'« disl e'ief in ghostly manifesta- tions exhibited itself in full force. " Pooh, pooh !" she exclaimed, rather impatiently, "Give me the forks, child!" and immediately she- descended into the kitchen to hang up the blind. She hail not 'jeen there many moments when look- ing in the direction, of the stairs down which she bad descended, she "became suddenly terror- stricken, and seizing the arm of her ftiend, Mrs. Johnson, with a convulsive grasp, exclaimed in broken ac- cents, " Oh, Mrs. Johnson, I saw some- thing on the steps! Take me away!" This unexpected incident imparted a reality to the occasion which perhaps few present hadexpectid. Mr». BoUinsor, in" m agony of terror, was conveyd up the steps and immediately afterwards fainted. After a while hei consciousness returned, but for a brief interval, and she assured her friends, in the most earnest and solemn manner, that she had seen on the stairs a female form, dressed in white appaiel, and that it approached and rushed paBt her. The fact of no one else having seen it made no difttnence to her. She believed theevidence of her eyesight in that instance as she had been accustomed lo do on or- dinary occasions, and probably nothing could- have shaken her conviction that site had seen a spectre. Again she ; relapsed into a state of unconsciousness, in which condition she was removed in a cab to her lodgings, and died there about noon on Monday. Her death had certainly been caused by the fright that she received on the previous day, up to which time she was in pei feet health and spirits ; and her i friends concur in stating that she was by no means of a timid disposition. Acoio-J ner's inquest was held on Tuesday, in con- sequence of the poor woman's sudden death. . The hard headed matter-of-fact jury could make nothing o( the ghost story, so they returned a verdict of *' Sudden but natural death." We are unable to add that thi3 verdict had the effect"of exter- minating the superstitious feelings that the tragic incident of Sunday last, and the ru- mours which preceded it, have awakened. Sheßeld Times. 