BAIL WAYS IN AUSTRALIA. Mr. Wentwortji's maiitlo seems to have fallen .on a writer in the Sydney University Magazine, as far at least as this gentleman's opposition to the introduction of Railways into tins great colony is concerned. The facts and figures adduced 'by the writer in the Magazine may no doubt help io excite a more . practical investigation than that hitherto applied, as to the- cost of, and the returns to be expected from, the new line of Railroad in this colony, but they cannot and ought not to. discourage the progress of this most important description of public works. We arc not a little surprised at the apparent approval with which the. reasoning used by the writer in the Magazine is received by the Herald ; especially when we consider that the Herald has all along been an able and a zealous 'advocate for the introduction of Railways into' New South Wales'; We concur in the hint given by the Herald to the Government, as to the propriety of pro curing ample information on the subject, before committing the Colonial Revenue to any hazardous scheme requiring a large ex penditure of the public money. Mr. Wentworth's ghost, or his represen tative on the ' Railway question' in the Uniateesity Magazine, takes very unfairly, as we think, the minimum of profit arising out of the Railway traffic in other countries, and the maximicm of the expenses for the construction of the Railways, and thence draws a startling but incorrect conclusion, as to the loss that may result from the. Railway works in Australia. But the writer over looks altogether some very important items in striking his balance sheet, exhibiting a certain loss. He docs, not take into .account the enormous cost of making or keeping in repair .the present wretched line of road from Sydney to Groulburn, and the great loss to the agricultural pursuits of the1 colony, caused by the number o*f men and draught cattle constantly employed in the tedious and expensive process of conveying goods and produce to and from Sydney to the dis - taut interior. It is well known that on ac count of the bad materials for road-making to be procured in Australia, and from tho '?? parching nature gf the climate, there is no country in. the world where the making and keeping the roads in repair is attended with such labour and expense as New South Wales. It* we had. a- Railway opened from the capital to the interior, all the men and beasts ? of burden now taken' up on the roads, would be advantageously employed in raising wheat and other agri cultural productions to be conveyed by rail to Sydney, and thus tens of thousands of- our capital would be kept in the country, which is now being annually expended in bringing ? bread-stuffs from foreign lands to feed the people of this colony. , ? ! : While we deprecate the expenditure of the. public money forfthe promotion or protection : . 'of any particular mercantile project, or of any ' ?private interest, we hold it to be the first : duty of a good Government to secure for the ] people the means of providing a good supply ' ., of the staff of life, and that on the most reasonable terms. .Now, the fertile lands of the interior of Australia are capable of pro ducing an abundance of the necessaries of life for any amount of population that may flock to our shores ; but this can never be effected without the agency of Railways or Tram-roads. If any oversight was com mitted in the introduction of a safe and ex peditious mode of conveyance into this colony, it was, perhaps, in not having tried the- Tram-roads in preference to the Railway in the .first instance. It is not too late, 'however, as the Government can try that ?kind of road in continuation of the Railway to Purramalia, if they should find it ad visable, on account of the high rate of wages, to discontinue the ? construction of the. Rail way. for the present, beyond Parra matta. Again, the anti-Railway writer in the Uwiviifiif?rL'Y Magazine neglects to point' out the immense increase that must take place in the price and in the quantity of the public Land Sales, and the large sums that will be thus yearly added to the Land Re venue, an increase which will be quite suf ficient, in our opinion, to pay .the 'interest' of any amount of Railway Debentures that the Government may think fit to issue for the construction of Bail or Tram -way works. The above writer ought also to be aware that Ihc lands in Australia are generally as valua ble as those in the United States, and that several large capitalists are found willing to construct extensive lines of Railway in ? America at their own cost, on the simple condition of receiving sections of the waste lands, a mile wide, along the lines, 'when constructed. And if American capitalists are satisfied with the profit arising from the eiile of strips of waste lands, in return for the cost of making the Railroads, surely our] Government can run no sort of risk in ad vancing money for the construction of Rail ways in. Australia, when they are morally certain of being; refunded, from the sale of the public lands, not merely along the line of Railway, but throughout the whole Dis trict through which the lines may be formed. ..If the revenue from the Railway traffic were not to produce one shilling of profit yearly, the sums accruing from other sources to the public revenue, by the opening up of the country by means of Railroads, would be amply sufficient to repay the Treasury for any sum advanced therefrom for Railway purposes. 