MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. A Fbenchwojian at Home. — She helps to cook the dinner she has bought — lor servants are wasteful with, charcoal, and she knows to an inch how little she can use.- In that mar vellous place, a French kitchen, where two or three' little holes in a stove cook such delicate dishes, and perform such culinary feats as our great roating giants oi coai ures nave no con ception of— she flits about, like a fairy, creating magical messes out of raw material of the most ordinary description. . Yes, though a lady , born and bred, refined, elegant, and agreeable 'la society, a belle in; her way, yet she does not ! think it beneath, her,. dignity to lighten the ; household expenses by practical economy and activity. ; The dinner of a . French family is cheap and simple. - There is always soup, the meat of the stewpan — sometimes, if not strict in expenditure, another plate of. meat — -gene rally two of vegetables, dressed and eaten sepa rately ; , and sometimes, not always, a sweet dish ; if not that, a little, fruit, such as may be the. cheapest, and in the ripest season. But there is very little, of each thing, and it is rather. in arrangement than in material that they appear rich. The idea that the French are gourmand in private life is incorrect. They spend little in eating, and' they eat in ferior things ; though .their cookery is rather , a science, than a mere accident' of civilisation. At homo the nreat aim of the French is to save ; and any self-sa,crifice that will lead to this result is cheerfully undertaken, more es pecially in eating,' and in the loxiup of mere .idleness. ' No Frenchwoman will a^end a shil ling to save herself trouble.- Sho would rather work like a dray-horse to buy an extra : yard of; ribbon; or, a mew. pair of gloves, than be ou the softest sofa in the world in placid fiue ladyism, with: crumpled gauze or bare hands., ' — : American Paper. How to Make Grises's Geeen. — It may save some youngjhousekeeper the mortification ;of fieeiiig :on her vtable, what are called greens answering ? better :tp the, napie of browns or vellows: ; wheu . she -is assured that . a small quantity of the , common .waphing soda, added to.- the ,usual smaii; portipji, of, common salt, put intq the water, when., boiling, will invariably ^(sflqGfr-a. good , color, and' jmake the vegetable 'eti't^l^dfer, either' with' haW or ' soft water, (;iiough'::the fomeV' i's to ; be, preferred. A piece r. about, the size of J a' nutmeg is isnffi ;cientw^^'^'i-si&dJd;^lii,?' and is very whole-' ?some..; ' : ? ' L J ' v 'KiSs' Henry the -Eighth- as produced at 'the Prinoess's Theatre, London.— The Times eritic in noticing the production of this, drama iat the Princess's, on. the 16th of May, eulo gises it iu the following glowing language : — ' We will run the, risk of being charged with exaggeration by declaring in most unequivocal terms that the play of 'Henry the Eighth, as produced at the Princess's Theatre,is the most wonderful Spectacle that has ever been seen ou the London stage. ?- Our readers may, if they please,, shake their heads - and, shrug their shoulders,, but, ; when., they ha,ve become spec tators as well as readers we aro perfectly cer tain r of their ..suffrages. ... We may broadly state, -that although Sardanapalus, as pre sented to, us. by 'Mr. Kean| Was thought; in his day a very gorgeous and luxurious personage, he was 'a fierfect ? ascetic' as compared with Cardinal Woisey. , 'That great Assyria!n hall, that;was the wonder of 'a- season, was a mere hovel compared to the .presence-hall in; York Place - Palace, -with' the: .-fantastic, jlances execute* by the ' bluff. Harry, and his as'so ?iates. Thei angels . who wafted the soul of Gretchen ito ? the sky- 'in ; the drama ijf Faust - and 'Marguerite - composed tlie sold irand- effect' in a ; whole' piece. Tho 'angels 'wild' glide down a snnbeam-to visit the sleep ?ng Katharine form but :oue tableau in a series of splond'on. Even those'istjenes which are -less prominent. are remai kable' for the archeeo ? logical zeal, displayed in: collecting the detail, ind the artistioal taste in arranging the groups intg, masses, of..; effective color. .From' begin ning, to eud, tiiere is such a co'nsiiaufc evidence ,of indefatigable roseapch, aud'of dotermination to dig up the _ history of the':past,'and to make in audience of tho nuiete^iith century lead an : irtifi'cial life in the1 si-xteenth, -that he who has fairly sat out, the piec^e rises with the conviction that. he has been, whined, through a succession of : bygone glories, tl-:ai-.W§r!d.rWith one another iu his puzzled memory.. Mauy other pieces have beeu exquisitely prtlirupb'n the stage, but there- is a v aatnbsg^. and variety in this that defies competition. . Ana when the manager has worked his way through four acts, making every scene a-short spectacle iu itself, he intro duces .a moving, panorama, representing the i nn.acnrrA r\ f f Ua rPritimoa mv.Auu'iH?3 uum-ijuuuuii tu urrtJOIL- ? wich, and leading up to the' christening of the . Priiicess 'Elizabeth.'- Years ago it was declared by Coleridge,' ..that Henry' VIII, Was intended as a sort of'.pageant,/but{ -such a pageant as that of last night could scarcely have been contemplated.'-' ' ! ! .. ' :'_AnH{-dotiss op 'Joe' Smith.— Joe Smith, it will be remembered, was rather a bellicose: kind . : of prophet. Sometime^' 'hb was remonstrated 'with;- and pretty closely' questioned. Mr. Ruincy. told a good joke about Joe, as illustrative of his ingenuity and dignity. Says Joe : — ' If a man smite thee ou the right .clxeeic, turn to him the other also ; but if he should then strike thee on left cheek pitch into lhe fellow !'' Mr. Quincey told another good joke of Joe.' At Navoo, when an offensive and rebellious 'gentleman was found among them,: he .was, very formally waited upon and requested-to sell out. :If lie then 'persisted in remaining, three men were .despatched to sit down at his door . and whittle ; when he went into his fields they followed and whittled ; when he went off to town to, trade, they followed him whittling; if he ivent to the church or the tavern, there were the eternal whittles I jrave as iudce3. never smiiintr- This w« [ than human nature could stand, and at last the obstinate fellow would give up and cut stick himself. ' ? v --r ? ; \- V**' ? ?? ? . ? ' The public will be gratified to learn that the misunderstanding between the eminent divines, Drs. Cunningham and Candlish, has been en tirely removed. We believe mutual explana tions have led to a restoration of tbW kindly feelings with which they have been accustomed to regard each other. — Scottish Press. A Descendant of Meg . Me'rrilies.- — Meg ..Gordon, relict of William Young, died on the 2ist of February, aged eighty. William Young and his gipsy progenitors have been known for generations all along the borders of Scotland and England, either as homers, mug gers, orjjbesom and basket makers. His relict, Meg Gordon, belongs to the same race, and is a lineal descendant of Meg Merrilies, or Jean Gordon, one of the principal characters in Sir W alter Scott's novel of ' Guy Mannering.' ' She, like many of her tribe, either had, or pre tended to have, a knowledge of palmistry. The relict of Dandy Dinmont died at Snaw don, East Lothian, on the 30th of January ; Mis. Janet Wilson, aged seventy- two, relict of Mr. James Davidson, farmer, Hindlce, Rox burgshire. It was at the hospitable farm house of Hindlee, that Sir Walter Scott was wont to spend the night in his excursions into Liddesdale in quest of border ballads ; and it has long been accepted that the husband of the deceased sat for a well kiiown portrait in the the pages of ' Guy Mannering.' All connec ted with the life of the Last Minstrel are fast disappearing from the earthly scene. Marshal St. Arnaud.- — A letter from Paris contains ' a little gossip . current amongst the private circle or friends of the late Marshal St. A.rnau'd, which throws quite a new light oil the alleged cause of. death. It is stated that ?; the marshal died from the effects, of a wound re ceived in a duel with a Colonel Conbroll, which took place iu the Park Vincelle, Paris, about four, months previous to St. Arnaud's departure for the seat of war, the only persons present being their seconders. We have not been able to learn the whole particulars connected, with this lamentable affair other than that Conbroll first wounded Marshal St. Arnaud in the right side. This will account for the marshal com plaining greatly of the pain he suffered in his right side while at the battle of the Alma. St. Arnaud, being a dexterous swordman, imme diately after receiving his; wound, plunged his sword through Conbroll, who after undergoing an operation in Paris, was obliged to proceed to Brussels, where he died from the effects of the wound inflicted on him by the marshal. .One of the marshal's seconders accompanied the Em peror of the French in his late visit to London in the capacity of aide-de-camp. The cause of the dispute was an insult given to Madame St. Aruaiul. by. Colonel Conbroll at a ball in Paris ; aud the spirit of the inashal could not lie under an indignity that impeached his , genius and as piring intellect. The whole matter, however, was arranged n.o secretly that very few were' aware of the circumstance. The death of Mr T. R. Travers, the popular vocalist, late of Drury-lane. and the Surrey Theatres, took place at Kensington ' on Suu day last. He was kuown in. the musical pro fession by the nom de guerre of Travers, .but his real name' was Roiner, and he belonged to I the L talented family of the Romers? the different' members . of which have been long popularly identified with the lyrical drama. ' Captain. Lord Spencer S. Compton (15th Hussars) died suddenly on Monday moraine at Exeter, in. which' city, his lordship was stationed .with: his' regiment. Lord Spencer tjompto^;wii8 take, n;''^aweU''Vb9nt:'a.'' fortnight back, with inflammation of the lungs, but was considered tb be progressing favorably. On Monday 'morning, at an early hour, a heavy fall in his bedroom aroused the attendants, and on entering his chamber the gallant nobleman was found prostrate ou the floor. He was quite unconscious, and expired in a few minutes. The; deceased was brother of the jpresent. Marquis of Northampton. He was born 6th March, 1821, entered the 85th Regiment/as lieutenant, iu 1843, and subse quently reinoved to the 15th Hussars, his commission as captain being dated in Decem ber, 1846. Tho deceased only returned with 'is regiment from the East Indies in June last ' ?' - ' - -- An Antique from the Tombs of the King3 of Thebes.— While wandering about the valley, ?and flitting like ghosts from tomb to tomb, we were often met by some of. the Arabs of the neighborhood, who fallow, visitors to sell curiosi ties. One man came up to me, and thrust a blue-colored paper, into, v ray hand with some letters stamped on iti in gold, and asked me to buy'r.it', gravely .assuring , me it was an antique from the tombs. . I took it from the man, and read oh the paper '-London drilled- eyed needles.'' The fair sempstress who dropped it in one of tlie sepulchres little imagined she was providing antiques for future travellers.— Aveling's Travels in the Land of tha Tiber, the Jordan, and the Nile. ? ' , . Paying for One's Shot.— -In the glory and exaitemeut : of . war, and particularly as they refer to the renewed bombardment now going on against Sebastopol, there-is one thing, that, perhaps, never strikes, the reader, namely, the cost ot the projectiles fired at the enemy. Ne minimis noii curat 1 lex , is; a,r legal maxim that might easily be applied to war; for, though we look with some concern' on the possible aggregate co3t of, the great' contest, no one dreams of the.price of each individual shot and shell we fire away ; yet the knjw ludge of this would appal even the most pro fuse,. We never stop to learn, when, we hear of some Russians shelled out of a particular spot, . that 'every shell fired from those large mortars costs £6, yet it is ' a fact known to all experienced naval and military men. A uiortar will throw, and sometimes does throw, i forty shells an hour ' ? so that to say nothing 1 nt +1.n I.-, ? ii-.. . ? ? i r , o ui mil, [juwuw, uiwu inuruar oriSKiy worKed will fire away '^240 , in . sixty minutes— talk of firing of «£5 notes and soverigns, but this is * firing off the tases in £100 notes. But shells are iiot the only projectileu that co3t money ; ot oar guns in position against Sebostopoi a great many , fire 801b.' shot ; each 80lb shot costs about 26s, or with powder about 30s. Those great guns, wo need' hardly say, are tired faster,' than mortars; and thus, giving a fair average for each gun at 30s a shot, and multiplying the product by 400, the number cf guns in position, let any reader guess what a day's bombardment of: Sebastopol must cost what amount- of money we fire ^wav at the Russians. Nor is this all ; we often hear*- — of those wondrous things for killing at a long 7 shot the Lancaster guns ; they throw a ball ? with almost such incredible accuracy, at a tre- j mendous distance, that simple people say, why I don't we use all Lancaster guns ? They will be J answered when they are told /that each ball fired j fiom a Lancaster gun costs £35, such is the expense of getting up this oval mass of wrought ' irou, the grooves' of which are hand wrought, - i to fit the grooves of the gun ; so that, to pay !. for itself, a roaring. Lancaster, shot ought to f kill -a great many Russians. We think, tak- 1 ing all this into consideration, it will be ad- f | mitted that the country is payipg its shot |r towards the present. war. i 