Immf. wintering, ROSARY TOWN. AUGUST. 30 1855. ) THE RIGHTS OF THE HOUSE. THB'atUinpt made by the Government on ¿-httßtimj night, to prevent thtvarioption of 'certain nk>n«.r>'- M.»!.,»;«-.. ki. t. «~..~ ^¡ItvChapa»»'* resolutions by, the ïouse, I though characterized by energy, and con ducted with some skill, was, nevertheless, so singularly destitute' of all that should have constituted its chief strength, that it deservedly failed of its intended purpose. Mr. Champ did the prudential ; he thought that if an action for damages were brought in consequence of arrests under the Speaker's warrant for contempt of conciliar authority, the House would be cast, and he enforced this argumentum a crimean with unction, and with feeling; what mattered it that a great principle was at stake, that the philosophy of legislation was under discussion ; the pocketing of the question was the only aspect worthy his regard. But the House very properly repudiated such considerations, keeping its eye fixed on the graver matters then at issue. The Solicitor-General, still supposing him to be a constitutional lawyer, did more by his speech to demonstrate the extreme weakness of the cause in which he was necessarily embarked, than could possibly be inferred from his silence. The Attorney- General said, that his honourable colleague had " obliged " the House with a carefully considered opinion ; a very raw head and bloody bones opinion -it was, quite a ghost story, in fact; and, as such, though intended evidently to excite the fears, and rouse the torpid timidity of honorable members on the opposite side, it succeeded only in awakening their laughter. The case of Sir Francis Burdett adduced by the hon gentleman was not at all in point. In that particular instance, the House of Commons was at variance with the people, whence the bloodshed ; Dr. Hampton has set up no such claim on popular affections, or public sympathy, as that the people would turn out, and endeavor to rescue him from the hands of any authorities who would deal with him according to the real or supposed degree of his delinquency. On the contrary, the people in spite of Mr. Rogers' knowledge and experience, so far from interfering to prevent inquiry, are pressing forward the discussion of this question with a keenness of appetite which almost deems the behaviour of the council to be indecisive and procrastinating. Mr. Rogers spoke very confidently with respect to the feeling of the colony upon the subject, with such confidence indeed, as he would not have thought it wise to use had he been here as many years, as days, with such confidence as could not fail to provoke the risibility of the House, with a confidence, the errors ousness of which he has not yet been here quite long enough to apprehend, but which was wholly misplaced and improper. We would ask the honorable gentleman to indicate journal in Tasmania, which Iws pro I pounded the views he said the public generally holds. Weonlyknowofone, that, while professing to be the people's paper, has not advanced beyond the degree of a popular waste paper, which with characteristic consistency advocates the abandonment of the enquiry, and the lowest views of our legislative constitu- tion. Every other journal, however, especially those which lay any claim to character, or have a character to lose, have always denounced the opinions he entertains. We repeat it, public opinion is so clamorous for a decision of this privilege question, that it is more than half tempted to, find fault with the Council for delaying I its action. The Attorney-General made a speech, most illustrative of special plead- ing. He, too, appealed to the colony as though the colony had signified, or would signify, its disapprobation of the course pursued by its representatives. The very energy with which the line of the defence adopted by the government was pursued, consisting as that defence did, of shifts and expedients the most extreme, and trans- parent corroborates perfectly the views we have more than once expressed of the stability of the position taken up by the House. In spite of all the arguments (?) adduced by the learned lawyers, we still opine that if the House but act with bold- ness and decision, the difficulty will disap- pear before it. So far from the cases which have been quoted on the other side, bearing against the course adopted by the House, they strengthenourconvictionsof its propriety most materially, for they concede the right claimed by the council, if even they condemn the exercise of it in the particular instances to which other legislative assemblies have endeavored to make it apply. Philip of Macedon, it is said, was once desirous of making experience of the wisdom of a certain augur. "I have dreamed," said he, " is its fulfilment pos- sible?" "Yes," said the augur. "My dream was thaI cut through this whet- stone with a razor." " Cm boldly," said the auger, and the king cut it through accordingly. All Gordian knot must be cut through just as Philip did the whetstone. It is always the wiser course with them. But the honorable members on the Government side were not the only lawyers in the House. Mr. Douglas and Mr. Perry voted with the representatives, Mr. Knight with the Government. But this latter gentleman admitted that, in his opinion, the Council did possess the right, he was only anxious that the matter should be placed beyond a doubt in some other way than that which the House appeared to think advisable. It is rather amusing to read the names which appeared on the division lists. Mr. Allison again went over to the other side, he cannot forget his old habit of voting as he was bid. For a time he affected independence, but has not bottom enough to sustain it, and so habitually follows his leader yet. He is growing more affectionate. The kicks he gets from, the Government side when he tries to go in any other way are probably the reason. . And Mr. Lord too voted with the consti- , tutional lawyers ! Since the above was in type, the House has passed a resolution that its Select Committee have leave to send for persons, papers, and records, according to the form observed in the House of Commons. This is right, and it is creditable to the Government that it offered no opposition to the desire of the House. The matter is now in a fair way of decision. 