MELBOURNE SPRING RACE MEETING. The Melbourne Spring Races concluded on Saturday last.. Of the first two days we have already given a report. We abridge from the Argus an account of the third and fourth days; THIRD DAY.-FRIDAY. FIRST RACE. Steeple Chase.- A sweepstakes of 10 sovereigns each, with 100 sovereigns added, for horses of all ages. Weights-three years old, 9st. %lbs.; four years old, 10st.6lbs ; five years old, 10st. 11lbs. ; six and aged, 11st.7lbs. Round the Melbourne Steeple-chase ground, and over such fences, ditches, and stone walls as tho stewards may appoint. Mr. Purcell's c. g. Triton, aged (Mr. Tabart) . . . . 1 Mr Watson's br. g. Rocket, aged (Owner) . . . . 2 The following also started, but were not placed : - Mr. Miller's b. g. Pop-goes-the-Weazel, aged (Hall) ; Mr. Milner's, g. m. Alice Gray, aged (Whitechurch) ; Mr. Harper's b. g. Peter Simple, aged (Evans); Mr. Pur- cell's blk. g. Sultan, aged (Crabbe) ; Mr. Watson's c. g. Bondman, aged (Ryan) ; Mr. Bignell's blk. g. Coachee, aged (Baillie); Mr. Bignell's g. g. White Squall, aged (Athorn) ; and Mr. Nicholson's br. g. Lottery, aged (Gorrie). (Betting - 1 to 1 against Rocket (taken); 4 to 1 against Lottery (taken) ; 1 to 1 against Peter Simple (taken); Triton, not alluded to prior to the start. The Race.- Bondman led over the first fence, with Coachee and Triton immediately in his wake; the others several lengths behind. All got over safely, and, little change was made in the order up to the second jump, except that Rocket improved his position, and took third place. Bondman struck the second fence, and threw his rider, .who found himself far to the rearward upon regaining his saddle. Alice Gray fell at the same fenco and threw her jockey heavily. The lead was maintained by Coachee at a good pace, to the next fence, which he, Rocket, and Triton cleared cleverly. Lottery, however, tipping it, fell with great force, and so strained himself that he was thenceforward out of the race. The next jump was a five feet stonewall, over which the three leading horses got in the same order, without the ghost of a baulk from either. At the next fence, howover, Coachee refused for the first time, and before he could be got to the other side of it Rocket had supplanted him as leader, and he was fain to content himself with an in- ferior position throughout the remainder of the race. Peter Simple took his fences steadily, and moved nearer the front towards the last mile and a half. The others never had the least chance of winning. On rounding the course under the hill upon a part of which stands the Racecourse Hotel, Rocket had a strong lead and looked remarkably like the winner. Lottery again fell at the fence there, and her Adelaide chum, White Squall, better known as Fidget, also favoured her rider with a somerset. Rocket led over the fence immediately before the brook, and indeed had readied the latter before Triton, closely followed by Coachee, had jumped the fence. When within about three full strides of the brook Watson called upon his horse, and the animal responded in a gallant manner, dashing at and clearing the obstacle in a magnificent style. Triton was now evidently put on his mettle, and, being admirably ridden, followed suit without hesitation. Coachee, who was about two lengths to the rear of Triton, jumped short, his hind legs sink- ing in the soft soil of the trench. Before he was got out Peter Simple came up and jumped clean into the middle, throwing his jockey, who received a thorough drenching. The others managed to scramble through without jumping, Pop-goes-the-Weasol being actually walked across in the most deliberate manner. Rocket maintained the lead until coming upon the course between ropes. Here a horse crossing threw him out of his stride, and Triton being close in his wake at once collared and then passed him. The pace of the latter told greatly in his favour itiiifbo flat running, and, after ungallant but iunll'ectual. strugglo on: tho part of Rocket! his; pnl}*.comiielitorl-he.camo' in ¡a winn or hy thrco lengths. It was subsequently said that Coachoo. had hot gono tho ooui- Ho, having moro than onco during tho race ran inside tho pouts, ¡Lottery was never got round, tho Bullant little horso lmving_ovidontly rooelvod serious injury when ho Arat 'foll., ,The, vfinuor. was, loudly ohoarad, as was also thé second horse. Tho' tinio, w«H not marked, ... , nl,,^:t ,,¡, ,vm,f 3 ,"... &EGOHD; .IUUJ8. ..!...'. ..' i » ?.?'-'?tm. :r. U, ' Sweepstakes.-A Sweepstakes of 60 sovereigns ' each, with 100 added, for horses of all ages. ' The1 second horso to reoeive £20. Three entrances or no-raao. Woights-three years old, Sst.; four years old, Ost. Olbs.j five years old, lOst. j six and aged, Mst.-Albs. Distance, threo miles. Mr. srorrls'ñ ulk. li. Cardinal Wlsoman (Mahon) . , ' . 1 Mr. Oroono'a o. g. Alma, 4 years (Smith) . . . . . 2 Mr. Ilurnor'u b. m. Jeamiutto, ag-eu, (Hayos) . . . . 3 J Mr. How s c. m. Rosa of May.0 Betting: Even on Alma (taken), 2 to 1 on Cardinal Wiseman (takon), 0 to 2 on Jeannette (taken). Tho start was very badly managed; au opinion which nppearod to bo very gonornlly held by tho spectators, ' judging by tho sounds of disapprobation which proceeded from them.' Boso of May had fully six lengths disad- vantage to contend with, and may bo said to have been entirely out of the race from tho commencement. Jen ii net to got off first, Cardinal second, and Alma, who had boon fretting through the repeatod paradings and half-starts which preceded tho final ono, third. In this order they reached tho turn of tho course, opposito tho gate, when Alina ehallongcd the Cardinal, who was then about a length bohind tho mare. When opposito tho grand stand Alma was leading, there being scarcely a length between tho throe. On rounding the course opposito Mr. Gray's paddock Jeannette had again hoi bead in front, Cardinal Wiseman lying well up and evi- dently biding his time. Jeannette was first on tho straight courso, and had a trilling lead past the Grand Stund, tho Cardinal still about four longths to tho rear. Tho old horso appeared oven to loso ground until again arriving under tho llace-courso Hotelhill, when Alina began to show unmistakable signs of disinclination to gallop at tho speed which was now tho order of tho day. At tho paddock Cardinal was second; Jeannette, who had improved her ndvantago, galloping splondidly. When under tho hill facing the end of the straight course Jcannetto was overhauled by the Cardinal, and when about half a length in advance of him suddenly ran within tho posts, and lost all chanco of the race. Cardinal now had it his own way, Alma being fairly beaten. Thc former won with , tho greatest ease in a cantor, beating Alma by four lengths ; Jeannette a bad third, and Hose of May nowhore. Timo, 0 minutes, 18 seconds. THIRD RACE. Consolation Stakes.-A sweepstakes of 5 sovereigns eaoli, with 00 sovereigns . added, for all beaten horses during the meet. Distance, ono milo and a half. Post oritry. Arr. Gooilison's lir. o. Quiz-tho-Wiud (Monaghan) . . .1 Mr. Siinson's b. o. Hurricane, by figaro (Malone) . . .2 The following also started, but %vere not placed :-Mr. Stevons's Goldtinder (Doy), Mr. Hardy's c. m. Blue Bonnet (Mahon), Mr. Bow's br. m. Becky Sharp (Hayos.) Betting-2 to 1 against Blue Bonnet (5 to 2 taken in various places), 4 to 1 against Quiz-tho-wind (taken freely), 4 to 1 against Becky Sharp (taken), 10 to 2 against Goldflnder (taken). After n short delay, caused by tho rider of Becky Sharp not being ready, the lot were got off well,-Gold finder, Becky Sharp, and Blue Bonnet in advance, the last gradually drawing ahead as tho three rounded tho corner of tho course in the direction of the gate, Hurri- cane next, and Quiz-the-Wind in tho roar, but galloping steadily. On arriviug opposite tho Grand Stand the order of running was : Becky Sharp leading, Blue Bonnet being scarcely a length behind her, nnd having an advuntago of about half n length over Goldflnder. A few strides further on and tho mares were neck-aud neck, Hurricano coming up and looking exceedingly dangerous. At tho paddock Goldflnder gave way to Quiz-the- Wind who was now letting out in earnest ; and Mr. Simson's stable was beginning to be looked to for the winner. Hurricane caught Blue Bonnet under the hill, facing the commencement of the double fence, and passed her in a stride or two. Quiz now took third place, and came into the straight running second. The race home was a magnificent one, Hurricane contesting every inch of ground with Quiz, who, after a most excit- ing contest, landed a winner by a neck. FOURTH DAY.- SATURDAY. FIRST RACE. A sweepstakes of 10 sovereigns each, for all horses. To be handicapped by the stewards, or whomsoever they appoint. Half forfeit. One mile and a half. One event. Mr. Greene's 'b.g. Glenelg, by Rory O'More, 4 years, 9 st. 10 lbs. J. Smith . . . . . . . 1 Mr. Row's br. m. Becky Sharp, 6 yeara. 8st. 10 lbs. (Maloney) . . 2 Mr. Morris's b. c. Sarawak, 9 st. 3 lbs. (Mahoney) ... 3 The following also started, but were not placed:- Mr. Goodison's br. c. Quiz- the-Wind, 8st. 5 lbs. (Monaghan), and Mr. Milner's c. m. Benalla, 7 st. (Fletcher). Betting- 5 to 2 against Sarawak, 2 to 1 against Glenelg, 3 to 1 against Quiz- the-Wind, 7 to 2 against Becky Sharp. An excellent start having been effected by Mr. Orr, Becky Sharp went off with the lead, closely followed by Sarawak, Glenelg, whose jockey had drawn outside place, lying a little off, but well up. At the turn of the course and parallel with the road Becky surrendered the land to Sarawak, who took up the running at a moderate pace only, Glenelg gradually improving his position. When opposite the Grand Stand the mare resumed the lead, Sarawak and Glenelg closed at her heels, and Quiz-the-Wind drawing rapidly to the front. The race now began to assume the aspect of a close affair, and from the manner of Sarawak's going, his friends began to bo confident of tho result. On round- ing tho courso, however, Glenelg, who hod been making a waiting race of it, began to cut out, nnd before reach- ing the straight running had got his head in front. Tho raeo homo was entirely between him and Becky, and for a score yards or so tho issue was doubtful. Smith, howovor, evidently knowing tho powers of his horse, called upon him whon a few strides from tho stnnd, and landed him a winner by about two lengths. Becky Sharp had a similar advantage over Sarawak for second place. Quiz-the-Wind n bad fourth. Tho paco was by no means good, tho milo and a-half run ocoupying 3 minutes 7 seconds. SECOND |RACE. Hock Hurdle Bace.-A sweepstakes of 3 sovereigns encli, with 20 sovereigns added, for untrained horses. Catch-weights. Bound the Mclbourno Steeple Chuso Course, and over such fences, ditches, and s ton o walls ns the stewards may appoint. Mr. Wilson's Wk. g. Blnok Hoy (Barnard) . . . . . .1 »rr. M'Donald'a I), tf. Tull Boy.3 Tho following also started, hut were not placed ;-Mr. Cnrwithon'8. h. g. lvunhoo (Gorry), Mr. Allan's g. m. Hell Cat (Mick), Mr. H. M'Leod's h. g. Wild Harry (Billy). Another capital start ; Ivanhoo lcd over tho first fence, followed by Tall Boy, the others well up. At tho fourth fence Ivanhoo baulked, and tho first placo was takon by Black Boy. Tho clouds of dust which blow over tho_ courso rendered it exceedingly difficult to distinguish the position of tho horses until they arrived at tho jump nour to Mr. Gray's paddock. Black Boy had then tho lead, but was being waited on closely by Hell Cat. Both refused tho fenco moro Hum onco, but nt length simultaneously cleared it, Blnck Boy still leading. Tho South Australian jumped tho last fence in magnificent stylo; not so, howevor, his companion, who tipped it, fell over, and throw her rider with great forco. Black Boy cantered in nn ensy winner, Tall Boy, who was closely pushed by Wild Harry for second place, beating his competitor by about a couplo of lengths. THIRD RAOE. Hack Stakes.-A sweepstakes of 2 sovs. each, with 20 sovs. added; for untrained horses. Heats. One milo and a half. Catch weights. Mr. Whitburn's b. g. Kill« of tho Fidillora . . .211 Mr. Henson's Cervantes . . . . . . .10 0 Eight others started. Tho first heat was won. by Cervantos easily, and tho same horse would, no doubt, have won tho second, ns he had a strong lead under tho hill rounding to tho straight course, when ho bolted inside tho posts, and carno in without going round tho courso. Tho King of tho Fiddlers took up the running, and although well raced by Soldier, Australian, and Gazcllo, won easily. Tho third heat was keenly con- tested, but his Majesty was not to bo bouton. HYDROPHOUIA.-Tho following remedy for tho hito of a mad dog is reported to have been used by a person who was bitten by .a rabid nniniul BÍX times, and never UBod any other remedy :-Dissolvo a pound of common snit in a quart of spring water, and wash and squeeze thc bitten part immediately after the infliction of tho wound for an hour, mid then bind some salt upon it for 12 hours. This will neithor counteract nor supcrsode any other means that may bo doomed necessary. Tho person bitten should keep as quiet ns possiblo beforo tho ablution, that exertion may not promoto tho absorption of tho virus. In Germany when such an occurrence takes place somo dust, or any dry "article is directly thrown on tho bitten part, which absorbs tho froth or saliva, and thereby tonds to diminish infection hy imbibing tho infectious mutter. When sd many , eminent practitioners^ have failed in their endeavours,lo .cure this dreadful! malady, so sim plo ali .expedient is. vforth. the trial,- fer,, if it-does not effectually euro'tho'disorder, il will dbubtloss . mili; gate its direful cllucls, 