To the Editor of the Bathurst Free Press and Mining Journal. SIR,—If the following verses be not too crude, prolix, or transcendental, they may perhaps be thought worthy of a corner in the columns of your newspaper, but that they should occupy the place of more valuable matter is not the wish of Your obedient servant, THE AUTHOR. WHAT IS MUSIC? I. Hush! to those hallelujahs listen, With the organ thunders blending, Like doves i' the sun ascendlng, Whose fluttering pinions glisten! These are not cherubim chaunting-- Why then, my soul! this mystery, These gleams of future history, The secret spirit haunting? II. Is it one of the Seraphs seven, Whose flaming touch communicates The melody that saturates A spirit fresh from heaven; Love's living fire through him glowing. Right from his rare heart radiates, And human spirit penetrates, Fast from his fingers flowing. III. Down i' the deep heart o' the thunder Dwells it in anguished ecstacies, Intoning mystic prophecies To nations lost in wonder; When the winds ot heaven waken With their whistling hair enwreathing Through their trumpets shrill down-breathing, Till all the world is shaken? IV. Came it down the slant o' the lightning Flashed from thunderous harmonies, Born of those sunny symphonies, The throne eternal brightening; Angels' breathings is it bringing, Mingling mystery etherial With our coarser breath aerial, The spirit of their singing? V. Is it diamond dew o' the mountain, Our fevered brows just freshening, Our summer thirst scarce Iessening, Spray of an unseen fountain? Oh! for flushing torrents flinging Glory-smitten rain around us, Till the liquid bliss hath drowned us, A death of rapture bringing! VI. Is it not some new sweet splendour Flecks the dusk of life to glad us, Snatched at by flittering leaf shawdows, But mortal sense is tender; Else might It drink the glory golden Of all that radiant resonance, Of that harmonious radiance, By all the blest beholden? I. C. W. Gamboola, September 13th. ?'? Keokcitino is tub Unitbu ^tati-s — In 'Uew Vork. Philadelphia, Huston, it is all the s-me. The leciuitinu serKeant no sooner shows his head and rattles his bounty than a squad ol police is upon . him, and he otands committed. In these days ot dereliction . from, duty, it is striking'and refreshinR to note these evidences of viuiUnce. . We live among shnm reforms ; there areshain shutt'ih|{8-np'and ' pd^tings-diifrn of grogshops ; there' gre' sham attacks upon gam bles ; sham bnslituglits upon' strolling cpiiriesthsi shum suppressions of lottery policy offices ; but in the anxious,' incessant' pursuit of the ' allie-l' recruiting officers there' is no shlun whatever. Thero is a zest arid 'an animus aboiit it that bespeak a profoumUr interest amonfi the putiutn thin is usually . found to tirocced from an uoadulierated regird for puh'ic good* You may people the Everglades with Filibusters, you may enliven the banks of Rio Ur-ivo -with pugnacious adherents ol Caruvajal i Mipsnurians, armed to the teeth with knives »nd to the ihrpat with whiikv. raav after a month's notice iti'vide Kansas, and nut a detective or preventive' police ^how itself. Its eyes and its energies are ail. spent in ihe service of Russia. Thireis hanl|- i ghost of a ihancediscovuied of Bet inn off » full company to aid in ihe conquest of SebustO|iol before the nu borities are on the alert, and -tho eii'erprisin'g ^ergonnts ? Kite laid by tha heels. %Vou may do anything in a business way eas'er than, swell tho runks of the* allies upon contract; , While there will be general satisfaction at the promjit a'ciiun taken h\ these cases, it is for. the curious reader to sal i»fv him self how it nmy be explaineiK v 'With ; aljthe pietended tendency of American sentiment lo the Kussinn s'ule : of the question, there1 is cer-, uinly too littlo fervour In it to account for this' Uborious vigilknce in its ' interests ; an'-Ji' some- how or other,|lhere is' a generalfeeling of sa-. ti»fac'inn .whenever the allies g-iiu grounl in iho fight A lonr pufseat St. IVtersbnrg, and n shrewd agency lieie will naturally occur tu many «e alloidiog a tolutiuuj an i, lliough we are by no meant {none to accejit tliu o*»y me tbod of accoi ntirjg for such |irocfoding»» it will. undoubtedly be widely received ai »ntefaciory. It m»y be that this txttaordinary Vigilance on' ihjt part of Ihe Government agents is part of tlmr recent system of preserving tliei porfect neutrality of ibis country and enforcing Ihe laws for its observance. We shall lie glud to be lieve llwl this is the true ek[-Unation, and hope the policy -hu» adopte'l may be ilnnartiully car rieri oat — New York Times. A Yankkb Litanv — From dot-tors pita, and western cbills, ami other ills ilelnur. u- - Kur want of golil, un J wives that s.old, and maidens olil, and sljiirfjcis ohl, deliver u». Fiom btiD^'ing flits, and greaiish eyes, ana liakei's pies, and babies' cries, a man that lies, aud cloudy skies, and lovo. thnt dies, fickle ties, aud gaudy dies, deliver us, From bearded fe-unalu,~ strong minded women (this don't jinglo), (emalelac tarero and all other, masculine ladies, deliver us, From creaking doors, a wife that snores, con founded bores, deliver us. Kiom cholic gripes, and Mm. Snipes, deliver us. From mo lest girls, with waving girls, and teeth witb pearls— Oh I nerer minae~Amtrica* paper. ' * i 