DEATH OF THE CZAR. The Emperor of all the Russian is dead. The hazardous games at deadly bowls that he had opened in Europe, against the field, is not played out ; the score was running against him ; and he is removed before he could tell whether the will of Peter the Great was a dream or a forethought, the charter or the doom of the Imperial house. The war which Russia has provoked has been full of surprises ; but it was reserved for "pulmonary apoplexy" to give us the greatest surprise of all. The event suggests a crowd of questions, but some will press hard for a prompt solution. Is "pulmonary consumption" the real judg- ment of the physicians, or is it a euphemism for the hereditary malady of the Czars ? A Czar has been described as walking with his father's murderers before him, his brother's behind him, and his own on each side of him ; have those public functionaries of Russia been at their work? Probabilities are in favor of a departure from the understood rule. Nicho- las, some few years back, startled visitors by his altered aspect — aged and haggard. His health had suffered fearfully from a cause at once shocking and ludicrous — from the effect of displacement under excessive tight-lacing ; but he could not abandon his belting any more than an ominous erysipelas in the legs could make him surrender his jack-boots : and pul- monary apoplexy is the probable end of a frame physically over-strained and exasperated by imperial angers. What effect will this sudden event have upon the Russian succession ? The last de- mise of a sovereign was the occasion for mys- terious intrigues and military demonstrations ; and it was understood that the late Emperor contemplated a course not unusual in his house — the setting aside of the mild Cesarovich, and the crowning of the younger but fiercer Con- stantine. Will that be the result ? Heirs apparent, however mild, do not always sur- render their pretensions without question ; will St. Petersburg, then, be the scene of a civil contest, while Russia stands at bay against the legions of Europe ? On the contingency of the succession depends the third pressing question — What will be the effect of this sudden fate upon the war ? Will Russia persevere, or yield ? Her official ene- mies at Vienna would probably aid her to yield ; a milder Czar might bring a sudden peace. But would not a Constantine excel his father in bitterness aiid presumption ? The fact is, that the elements of the calcula- tion are too many, too potent, too little known, even for a conjectural solution. The events of the few years commencing the second half of the century have thrown the Enropean powers into new combinations. We have a desperate adventurer placed upon the neck of France ; a young soldier succeeds the imbecile Emperor of Austria ; and now we have a feeble and sickly young Czar, inheriting the most presumptuous hopes, and the bitterest, be- cause the most recent, disappointments. These be not elements of peace ! But each of these Imperial Princes has stalking behind him a domestic fiend : Napoleon has a cousin, who denounces his policy in pamphlets ; Francis Joseph is dogged by the ghost of the wrongs which his House has committed on the peoples that chafe under his bayonets ; behind the young Czar, be it Michael or Con- stantine, stalks a Pretender to the throne mined already by disaffection and conspiracy. Prussia will abet any intrigues to shilly-shally into quiescence ; our own puny and paltering statesmen, who never tell us what they do until it be done, would snatch at any present- able peace, if it were only to stop debates in Parliament on the estimates, to save the remnants of aristocratic privilege, and to gag Manchester. Peace, therefore, will it be, if possible ; and if not possible, then war, bloody, vast, and uncertain ; for there are more ques- tions to settle than this one, and on that fatal ridge of the Chersonese the honor of England has yet to be affirmed. What is that clod of dust and ashes called a Czar, that it should vex the world with its giant puerilities, and not be laid to rest for ever ? — The Leader. 