THEATRE ROYAL HAMLET. I We: were most agreeably surprised on paying a visit to this establishment on Wed- nesday evening to mark the great improvement, visible in Mr. Warner as an actor. police that gentleman made his debut upon the boards of the Theatre Royal we at once pronounced him to have many of the qualifications requisite to ensure ultimate success in his profession, and we must say that after witnessing his impersonation of Hamlet we feel disposed to back up our pre 2 tons verdict by remarking that these qualifications were on Wednesday evening made more apparent to us than on any previous occasion. We have frequently been called upon to censure, and are therefore, glad to find that the medicine administered by us, although, doubtless, unpalatable at the time to the patient, has effected something approaching a cure. I Without pronouncing Mr. Warner's Hamlet a first-class performance, and without instituting a comparison between that gentleman had any other impersonator of the character, we feel bound to declare our great satisfaction with it. Although it was not all that we could wish, there were traceable in it such marks of originality as to elevate it into a fit subject for criticism a dignity which few previous tragedians of colonial growth have Required for their performances. The encounter with the Ghost, in the first act, and the scene with the Queen, in the fourth, we may especially point to as evincing the possession of great and original histrionic powers. The various soliloquies were given naturally perhaps too much so for their high philosophical character to be thoroughly made apparent to the audience. The advice to the players was delivered without any attempt to heighten the effect of the language by indulgence in vocal or gesticulations mannerism, and told all the better for such omission. The last scene was comparatively a failure, Bfr. Warner Icing apparently exhausted by his previous exertions. On the whole we feel strongly disposed to recommend our readers to witness the performance of this tragedy at the Theatre Royal should it be s]C cured. The disagreeable part of the Queen was performed by Mrs. Poole in a commendable manner, but we would suggest to that lady to meet in future or, at any rate, to modify the cream which escapes her during her great scene with Hamlet. We have seldom had occasion to find fault with Mrs. Thom, and Co do not know that we are called upon to do so even now. any further than that she, did not look. Ophelia. The gentleman who enacted the Ghost was sufficiently sepulchral, nt bud is rather unfortunate tendency to Epping the termination of some of the words he had to utter. We would remind him that "certain" is pronounced very nearly his with ten, and not as " certain." Mr. Burford's King was a respectable performance. 