BELL'S LIFE IN SYDNEY. SATURDAY, JUNIS 30, 1855. -<fr-» The. Position of the Colony EB a Civilised Country TirE true meaning of Civilization lins bc ably defined by Guizot, the eloque French writer, to consist in progrei Progress, not in one particular, but in t various social, political, and intellectn conditions which determine man's positii in the seale of human beings. Tried 1 this standard, is thc much vaunted civli zntion of the 19th century deserving thc econiiums passed lipon it ? Lookii to the state of society in New South Wak is it not a fact that she is much in the re; of many civilized countries? It will 1 said, how can it bc otherwise in so new country, and ono which has no distin nationality, being merely a dependency i Great Britain. We do not see the fore of such reasoning ; and we protest again: the too common doctrine, that the fe Englishmen of England's Colonies are n< Miitcd for the civilised state which the brethren "at home" are enjoyin; Civilization does not depend on localit; but is entirely a thing of heart and mind and there is no sufficient reason why til three hundred thousand people in Nc South Wales should not bc in as high state of progress as the thirty millions i Great Britain. In casting our eyes over tho principj countries of thc world, ond taking Guizot' definition as thc measure, where do w lind the highest civilization? It is not i Fi ance ; for though in refinement c manners and in the elegancies of life th Frenchman perhaps surpasses all, yet i¡ morality and religion he certainly has no advanced, and in his political state-thi sure test of a nation's dignity and force o character-he has, during thc last fivi years, gone back to the despotic rule o Louis 14th. France has not progressed and certainly has not become of late yean more civilised. Look to Germany ; ii she leading the van in progress ? No. Ir high education ; in profound researches nnd brilliant discoveries in science ; ir historical and philosophical investigation; the German mind is preceding all others, yet she has not greater political freedom than she had a century ago. With one hand, andi with ti degree of skill arid learning, such as no other people possess, she draws aside the veil which hides thc laws of nature, and with the other she «lolls the cap to thc petty princes who keep her in chains. This is not civiliza- tion. Italy is world-famous, not for any active element for good which she brings to bear on tho destinies of mankind, but because the ftpirit of the arts and poesy still hovers over the land, the ghost of the reality which once made her the civilizer ol Europe. Of the once famous monarchy of Spain, all that remains is a despotic and weak court, a ruined commerce, and a priest- ridden. laity. Notwithstanding the assertions of a few timid spirits, that the time for England's decline and fall has arrived, it must be apparent that our Mother Country stands at the present ' time the spectacle of the only nation in Europe which has surely, though slowly, moved forward in most things and receded in none. She is, confessedly, at thc head of civilised states in the old world ; yet even here we see old customs and obstruc- tive forms retarding tho advancement of the public mind ; we see oligarchical rule keening down, it is . true, democracy and revolution, but preventing, also, the people from rising in intelligence and virtuoso quickly as their capacity would admit of. Tlie great novelty in the philosophy of history is, undoubtedly, the position of tho Ünitcd States. A nation the growth of seventy years-for tts England's colony it was as nothing compured to its present state-sltinds now foremost in the - world in political freedom. From whatever way wc look ut the Great Republic, a mighty progress is seen. In commerce,.und the mechanical improvements which direct trade, the - Americans are trending fast on the. heels, of-thc parent nation ; ia 'the education of the people ; in public works ; in great social changes they pre showing to' the world.How powerful ' is common sense to lead manato a higher and higher destiny when it is untrammeled by anti- quated prejudices. They are convincing more and more all thinking men, thal thu wisest governors of a people aro the people themselves. From the contemplation of Great Britain and the United States, each moving surely forward in civilization, turn to thousands of people of tho same race and inheriting from thc old Saxon the same qualities of mind and heart, and what a different picture meets the eye ! Without going to Canada or the other colonies, look at ourselves in Australia. Our Con- stitution a tlting of the Kith century; an institution which is equally a disgrace to tito givers as to the receivers ; all po iv. r in the State placed in one man's hands-the fortunate friend of the Secre- tary of State for the Colonies-our social condition disgraced by excessive intem- perance, which like a pestilence Í3 sapping the rural health of society and casting dark shadows over thousands of families. Of religion amongst us, it is enough to say that our interest is shown by the state ol' the rural clergy of till denominations. To ind tice a minister to ride many weary miles in the hush from town to town, to expect him to work like a postman and preach like an angel, and then from our accumulated wealth toxiole out to him at the most three pounds per week, is alas ! .an evidence of our appreciation of the benefits of Christianity, ls this state of tilings civilization? Surely not. It is retrogression, not progression. The present ar.omolous position of the Colony is a subject the people would do well to dwell on : it is one which is an in- structive study to the politician of the day. Centuries ago our forefathers left their native land to find a home and freedom of speech and action in the wilds of Ame- rica ; we are content, in the 1 Oth century, to submit in Australia to an arbitrary form of Government, and to give ourselves up to sensual pursuits. Is there rio remedy for our political and social degradation 'I Is the dweller in New South Wales less a man than the resident in Britain ? No ; thc same energy and magnanimity which have ever worked out right ends in the Motlier Country are but dormant out here. Let the people only once rouse themselves from the apathy which now pervades all classes, and the much required social improvements, will soon be seen rioving side by side with political changes. 