SYDNKY GL E A N I N G 8 . fFram a. Correspondent )~ How about the Livr.? What is to be done ? Goodness gracious,' this is too bad ! Ruinous |! I ! Oh somo change must.be had ! ! 1 1 . and expres sions of thia kind meet one in all parts of\ tbe city, ' and 'indeed there is no little cause for it. People can't get judgment, the present adminis tration itaff is too small, and they must consent to its enlargement, or by degree* the arrear work will become so much that the very idea of having a' cause tried within six months ot its being set down will bo laughed at. Mow. listen to I acts. At least 107 causes were let down for trial at these present sitting's, five day* of the time have passed, and about eight day* more remain. Thirty causes have been got through, and at the same rato 34 more will be tried, so 53 will be .loft' to supplement tho next list. In sooth it is 'too bad.' The expense suitor* are at, ia enormous, anil in many instances the araonnt of action t* trifiingV ' The idea is that there aro not barristers enough, for two courts. This is so palpably absurd, that to say much about it were- waste of time. Suffice it to my, that tho samo barristers have appeared in overy case lately tried, to the prejudice and grinding down of a host of othors not very inferior in talent to themselves. Tho judge*- too, .object tor such .an increase in their numbor, fearing a depreciation' in the dignity of tho Bench. . How this could be I know not. but I do know that tho adago is ? remarkably verified ? tbat,^ while tho doctors differ, the patient dies.' ' Why~ nbt'»'- establish _County.pC0urta:f ? .Echo answers tiis 5lf ?approvingly^.'*'5 Oointy Courts''..' The motion- of. Mr. 'Donaidsoa for tt»o- redaction of ? tho temporary .-increapa}-.-ltf;;ihO'8alarie3 'of Government-. ofneers, met with ?no'^rerji'coi-dlal reception. Mr. Parkes and ho ? vmT^'^soii/' Tlie argument that in tho nambor of cTefks.'tb'oW might bo at reduction ..ia,, good enough, but why, in Heaven's name, because 'M.r.'. Donaldson thinks this, -is ho justified in grinding down to thotowcst' possiblo amount the romu'ntVation'for the service^ of th*so actually necessary. 'Thefspeechi of your member. Mn Holroyd, was ''the m6«*arl«8;bia one Of the e+ehingf-;he diu' not' follow' the usual practice of. (baking assertion* :. and givihg tti proof of them, but sbowedxlearl/ that his'af e0 mentB were borne out by facts. ' The idoai of Mr. Donaldson was, I have no hesitation in saying to court popularity. Btit if he expects that his object will be gained by each meins, he is woe fully mistaken. It is, indeed, rich to see anc' hear him lecture on extravagance. A man of round, greasy appearance, doabiioss a two bottle man, the signs of good living too clearly betray ing themselves in his very looks. A man of thousands— nay, more* than he can spend. He is indeed a sorry plea for commiseration for the unpleasant yet stern duty of declaring that a paltry £250 a year is an onorraous salary for a man with a wife and half a dozen little ones, I remember in the early part of the session, the same honourable member facetiously comparing a member of the Government to certain ' whipping boys' who were used to terrify their young master a Prince, by being flogged in his presence for his faults. Right gloriously are the tables tarned, for such a scourging as poor Stuart Alexander got, will well entitle him to the soubriquet of ' Whipping Boy' for life. I was but little surprised at the opposition of Mr. Parkes to the continuance of the increase, but certainly cannot suppress a feeling of the ludicrous at his 'Statement, in the : variousredtjetiona which he avera- have taken place in articles of consumption, that forage was much lower. Forage forsooth ! to a Govern* . ment clerk ; hay and corn to a Crown employee. Oh ! shades of currycombs, ghosts of brushes ! hear ye this ? Why the endeavonr to procure a Government clerk, the sole proprietor of a horse and hay to feed, would be like the search (or a needle in a truss of hay. The only other article Mr. Parkes coald mention was coals. He forgot the summer was at band. The motion met with its well-deserved fate, and so the pillows df those but too deeply concerned may ' again bo those of peace. : .The new Marriage Bill has passed through Committae in spite of tbe determined opposition of that pink of perfection of ». a statesman, Mr. Martin. The Naval Bill has been- postponed foe a.week after the ' passing bl a fovr clauses by a. hard fight. Tho opposition ? .fancy -the . power given by it to the Governor to, 'man rand equip vessels at discretion is too largo. ???'??.- . .-,;,? ? Wednesday next is appointed as tbe day. for the public opening of the Railway— tho1 doings of the day 1 will give you due information, .of.., Uu fortunately the bridge -at ? Chiiipondalo , ,was allowed to bo used beforo the work hud properly set, and the consequence was a smash: A Com mittee of the Legislative Council .w«« appointed on Tuesday night on a motion of Mr.' Martin's, and indirect opposition to. the wishes of the Government, who promised to appoint a Board of survey. The report of the Committee was read last night, declaring the work to be most satisfactory, and tho smash to have been an unexpected -accident. The minds of numbers will, no doubt, be quieted by this, and a great many will make their first trip on Wednesday. A ball at Victoria Theatre is talked of in tho eveningvbnt I-am not ' aware of anything de termined on that point. ? Tbe country is feeling too well the loss of steam communication jutt now. The mail thins an not doing their duty at all well. We are now 93 day* without news, and this is about the most critical time. Even by late English paper* the question of steam communication has been agnin taken up, and with the cotemporary measures of the colonies something may be done. Truly, it i* to be hoped »o, The sewerage works 8r« progressing favorably— indeed there is nothing but damming and blasting all day and sight too. A glorious thing wilt b« when completed. The contractor, Mr. Rsndlo, ii in deed a public good. The wea'htr hai^turntA beautifully mild and flm, and everything -looks jolly and refreshed after the late raids — always ' excepting. cab-horses. ? . ? ,,i ,-?'?! -; Tha theatres are very well attended. .A Mr? and Mr*. Holt have bean starring at the Prince of Wale* 1 1 hav» not icea th«m,t bat report ?peak* favourably of their ability. -Mr*, add Mr. Waller are the rivals at the Victori*, and her: delightful acting draws capital house*. : It is scarcely fair that— because you aro at a distance from our ' potent, grave, and reverend seigniors,' in tbe LeguUtive Council— you should lose aki the little bit* of fun, because they are too bad to be reported by the daily- press. So as often a* 1 can 1 intend to let you into the secret ; so just look at the following- little dia logues— ?.-.-.. Auditor-General (who has spoken one way and vote* the other) move* next resolution. Mr. Holroyd t 1 propose that the Chairman leave the chair and report progress, the Auditor Geaeral being evidently not m a fit state to pro* ceeU with the btMinei*. c s ? , ?? ' Attorney-Geaerat, rising aagrily : If any Member is not4n afiisuteit is ib« Honorable Member for the 'Western BorongUs, judging by his look*. -??' ???'? * - ? ? ? , Mr. Holroyd gives vent to a sarcastic laugh'. ; Mr. Martin move* that the word* be taken down by the clerk, and during the Babel of con fusion that follows, the House is counted out. ' Once more tbe .motion of Mr. Donaldson for reducing salaries it under consideration. Mr. Donaldson ;v And, Sir, though I may be wasted away to a shadow in the honourable work ray constituents have intended fur me, 1 will never flinch from it. ' ; (Great laughter.) . 1 Mr. Flood: 'does onot think the Honorable Member shews* 'great ey rop toms of decay -(sensa- tion) knd congratiiUtes the 'Inspector-General .upon having 13 children; '(Continued laugh'* ier.) -v '\i ^'^ ??-??? ':-ead *j.-au'i ; ?'?«?' Mr. Campbell eo'Hrtend» it is no laughing mat* ter, and think* it the very best argument for; ra diicing Ws ' |t*y.— »»} if .'iit :ibe ajlpwed.tipa khat ground, tbe inereate ia the families of Gpv rn-; ment officer*, wpuld be terrible. . '-/-'? ? Mr. Parkes quote* from American author ties) to (hew that 13 children is too much for ;|oo*,i man. .' ''.''.' ,,M.)V. .. - '[ ,i[ ' Mr. Morris follows on the same side.' - . f. - The Colonial Secretary, aeeirig the motion for rrduciDg pay ii certain to be lost.' magn'an'i-' moasly declares th«. salaried member* -of Lthe bouse will not vote. ' ?.?-,:?- .,,-:!.-... -, . r -The Chairman put* the quislion, aad'the snb»; joined is the result. '? '. ? -I- ? ? -' :IV '.?' Aye*.. ' ' , ??;-. ' ; F.)Hoes,-. ? | ??;. Mr. Park**. ) T;ii«- '?' ^h» fi«u' f ' Mr. Donaldson. \ **Hot*' V ' ''Iri.-'.l '.'? 4 i -; ?? Sydney, S*pt»uiber 22, I855.:7v1' '':?:: J,V, ,{,. ?'. (To U ,co*tmiud.$'i:! ]; ,;- »; j:' . 