Wbe ¿afittaieg «¿ttontíng atteND. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1856. ss OUR attention has been called to a paragraph in the Melbourne Prices Current, of the 24th ultimo, and which contains statements not borne out by the actual condition of trade in this colony. It runs as follows :-" Although the spring has fairly commenced, and there is a revival trade, yet the improvement, except in reference to a very few articles, is not so decided as was expected. This, we believe, is mainly owing to the unfortunate state of commercial affairs in Sydney, where a sort of crisis, little inferior apparently in intensity to that which Melbourne has just passed through, has commenced. This crisis, like that of Melbourne, having arisen from over- trading and over importation, it is certain that a great portion of the surplus, in the shape of bankrupt stock, will be forced upon this market and in this way the material revival in trade and confidence, which was so confidently anticipated will be retarded." What special means of information are possessed by the writer we of course are not prepared to say, but as for a crisis like that of Melbourne, in the opinion of all bankers and men of business in this city, we shall not even have the ghost of it. There is a very considerable number of people in business, who have come nobody knows whence, and who have got into position by the smartness I and boldness of their movements they have ! bought high and sold low, and spent the difference. J They will form a considerable nominal insolvent I list, but they will not affect the stamina of trade in this city. They will be brushed off with a little noise and confusion, much more annoying than dangerous. The realised wealth of this colony is enormous. Speculation was never so reckless or so general here during the hottest excitement of the gold fields as it was at Melbourne. The langour which is complained of is probably far more due to the caution than to the embarrassments of our mercantile circles. No doubt all have lived a little too fast, and a moderate regiment had become necessary, but nothing more. We cannot, however, separate the commercial condition of this, I from the neighbouring colonies. The prosperity of Victoria is the prosperity of New South Wales. Out exports will amply show this. (s We have no doubt the writer of the paragraph i in question received what he deemed sufficient information, but we would venture to suggest to our contemporaries that considerable mischief is done by an exaggerated statement of commercial embarrassments. When trade was rolling headlong, and people ran to and fro with one universal cry-" What have you got to sell "-when goods that no marine store in England would shelter were sold as if they had been antiquities taken from the tomb of Cosar, it was necessary for the Press to utter the loudest warnings; but that time has long passed away. It now becomes necessary to guard against that mischievous class who are called crisis workers," and who have often for a time affected the judgment even of cool and calculating men, by their diligence in publishing dismal prognostics. They cannot be always met with dry figures, or direct refutation. If it were reported, for instance, that the ROTHS- CHILDS were on the eve of bankruptcy, it would be difficult to find any person able to give any intelligent reason for a contrary opinion. In some instances the spread of a rumour becomes the means of its own realiza- tion. From all the sources of information within our reach, and they are not inconsiderable, we see no danger of that commercial storm indicated by the Melbourne barometer. We are happy, to know that a very considerable improvement has really taken place in Melbourne; that is, the insolvencies are diminished, and the extraordinary success of the mines is dispersing among the people of that colony some £270,000 per week an amount which would have once appeared as incredible as any story in the Arabian Nights' Entertainments. The list of insolvencies from the 26th September to the 24th October is 22, and the sums, implicated in most instances are but small. The average number during the last year was 29 monthly. The diminuto 1, however, is more in the sums compromised than in the number of insolvencies. The total liabilities, to say nothing of assets, in cases exceeding £1000, being only some £3/,000 that is to say, about two-thirds of an average day's yield of the Victorian gold fields. It will not follow that great difficulties may not exist in adjusting old scores. The return to a system of cash, which has to a large extent been forced upon the traders, could not fail to wind up a large number of insolvent estates, understanding not only those whose stock at the cost price was below their liabilities, but all who could not convert that stock into money. If it were possible to take the stock of a colony, as that of a private establishment is taken, it would reveal a series of unexpected results. The wealth of a community is to be reckoned not by the indebtedness of its members to each other, but the indebted- ness of the whole, compared with the assets of the whole, to distant creditors. Should any want of confidence or disproportion between the demand and supply obstruct the operations of trade there would be numerous insolvencies, causing immense private suffering and anxiety, but which end merely in the transfer of stock from one name to another. We are not aware that in any of the colonies there is any very large amount of goods which maybe looked upon as dead stock, and when once the feeling of distrust shall cease, many will be found disposed to purchase surplus goods to hold for a future, but not remote period, and thus trade will be once more relieved. Some twelve months ago several traders, both at Melbourne and Port Jackson, sent home quantities of valuable goods, for which the demand was certain to be remote, and realised a profit on these purchases, though made in the colonial market, to be resold in that of London. The value of this movement, however, was not the relief which it gave to the Australian glut, but the lesson which it read to the London exporters. It was a practical evidence that in those particular departments there was no room for further speculation. The time for such operations is now passed- capitalists can now calculate with some certainty on a return for goods which are still in excess, but which will assuredly be required by the close of the summer. The prospect of a large harvest in the neighbouring colonies will greatly improve the circumstances of the people. Should there be two bushels of grain where one was produced at the same cost, the price may be reduced one-half without loss to the agriculturist ; but every consumer will receive two loaves for one. If we suppose that the population of the entire colonies is 1,000,000, and the consumption five loaves each per week (including flour used for other purposes'), this would be 270,000,000 annually, which at Is. would cost £13,500,000, but if at 6d. would be £6,750,000, Such would be the difference in the available resources of the whole population resulting from an abundant harvest These figures may be all I taken as exaggerated ; but one thing is clear, that a harvest such as would fully satisfy the wants of the Australian population would save the colonies all that importation of flour and corn and even were the farmer no gainer directly by the abundance, he would experience benefit like all other members of the community, in his relation to trade in general. Looking at these two sources of Australian wealth - the mines and the agricultural produce, to say nothing of wool, it is impossible to doubt that trade will be rapidly restored, and that to a most flourishing condition. The present state of trade in this country is less promising at first sight than it shows upon a more careful examination. We have a very large internal trade. There are vast numbers of storekeepers, and stations whose consumption is almost equal to the custom of an ordinary retail country trade-who have no means at the present moment to replace their stocks. They are, however, reduced, in numerous cases, to a lower quantity than has been known for years. Let the produce of the farmer be available for the markets, and let the wool clips be brought down, and an immediate reaction will take place. It will be the story of the old woman who had gone round to all the various elements to get home her pig before night-at last the water began to quench the fire the fire began to burn the stick, and. so forth, and the old lady was finally triumphant. We believe there has been a general apathy and dread, but let this obstructive feeling be fairly met and overcome, and our stocks will be found nothing formidable, and the indebted- ness of the colony incomparably less than its resources. IN voting the Railway Estimates sent down by the GOVERNOR-GENERAL, the House manifested a satisfactory appreciation of the advantages that promise to accrue to the colony, from the extension over its surface of a yates of iron roads.' The successful results that have already attended the working of the Parramatta line, have removed this greatest of colonial experiments from the province' of speculation and' conjecture. That railways. even under circumstances of great cÜBad««tt%% can be made to pay a fair interest on the capital expended in their con-' structure', is now highly probable. ' It is true that the experience of an actual working line of railway was not needed to justify the adoption of a liberal policy, in the promotion of this class of public works. irrespective of any results reducible to dividends, the profits of any system of internal communication combining the requisites of speed, regularity, and availability at all seasons, would be positive and tangible. In developing the agricultural and mineral resources of the colony, and in carrying to the great centres of population a constant supply of cheap food, it would augment our national wealth. In rendering the operations of agriculture in the interior remunerative to capital and industry, it would open up a new field for the enterprise and a new guarantee of the prosperity of the vast influx of population which the old world will continue for many years to send to us. And in fostering the growth of a class of freehold settlers-men living and rearing families on their own lands it will lay the best foundation for a healthy and vigorous nationality. So close is the alliance between the material and scientific achievements of these latter days and the moral and political developments of society. Much has been eloquently said and sung about the victories of the iron horse. It has, indeed, effected marvels in Europe, in practically destroying the distance that separated cities and kingdoms. But we look at the subject with colonial eyes-it does, we confess, often appear to us that railways have a higher mission and a more appropriate work in a virgin country like our own, than in lands every week of which teems with an advanced' civilization. In England they have not, for instance, been an unmixed bless- ing. They have given an immense impetus to the modern tendency to centralization. They have added to the colossal magnitude of a few great capitals. But how many a peaceful and prosperous country town how many a quiet smiling village, has the iron horse trampled on as it has galloped by Here, the work of the railway will be to disperse rather than to centralise to found and foster distant settlements, and give them a connection with the capitals of our various industrial districts, which, instead of sapping their vigor and impairing their vitality, shall feed them with all the essential elements of strength. The Council might very reasonably, therefore, spare themselves the trouble of inquiring into the financial results of our few weeks colonial railway experience. Public undertakings so far differ from those of a private character that their success and value are to be estimated by considerations ulterior to those of immediate revenue. It is, nevertheless, very comforting and encouraging for honourable members to feel that | in sanctioning a future expenditure, to be counted by millions, even on works of unquestioned utility, they may calculate on ample returns from the outlay to pay the interest on any sum they may borrow on the public security. And it is well for the colony, generally, to have this proof of the safety with which loans may be effected for the purposes of public improvement. The immense area of waste lands gradually to be brought under cultivation places an almost unlimited power in our hands of drawing on the money markets of Europe. The consideration by which it is wise to limit the exercise of that power, is our capacity for meeting the annual charge for interest. If, therefore, it can be satisfactorily demonstrated, as thus far we conceive it has been, that railway works will themselves yield a revenue sufficient to meet this charge without throwing on the future any responsibility in excess of the original outlay, to be defrayed as the process of alienating the public lands yields the necessary means, it would seem that we are justified in making use of the security we possess to any available extent. In our millions of acres of yet unalienated soil, we have in fact been gifted with the means of extemporising a vast system of works which shall approximate us, in respect of material improvements, to the level of far older countries, and leaving posterity (on whom we devolve the settlement the fund wherewith to pay for them. As a practical guide for future operations a great point has been gained. Nor is there any reason to anticipate that the extension of the railway beyond Parramatta will be attended with any different results. We are inclined to believe, on the other hand, that the further the line penetrates into the producing districts of the colony, the larger will be the dividend declared on the capital invested. The £50,000 voted for preliminary surveys will probably be sufficient to enable Sir W. DENISON at an early date to lay before Parliament a definite and comprehensive scheme, and the new Legislature may be congratulated on the fact that a set of data will have been furnished them by actual experiment, that will put them in a favourable position for, dealing with the subject in an enlarged and vigorous spirit. None of the great reforms upon which the country is congratulating itself, are of more importance to its welfare than the efforts now making to improve the imperfect channels of intercommunication which nature has favoured us with, and to supply the want of great navigable inland rivers from the resources of modern science and engineering skill. AUSTRALASIAN BOTANIC SOCIETY-At exhibition of roses will take place, in connection with the Aus . tralasian Botanic Society, this afternoon, in the Botanic Gardens, when a large number of specimens of this beautiful flower will be submitted for competition. If the day continue fine the visitors will, no doubt, be numerous, notwithstanding the counter-attraction at Homebush. The band of the XIth will be in attendance, and perform a variety of pieces at intervals during the day. HOETICOLTOEAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY-The fifth monthly meeting of this society will take place, as announced, this evening, at the Royal Hotel. The proceedings will be graced by an interesting exhibition of choice roses, which will be rendered more attractive by the reading of a paper on the subject. The chief feature in the business of the evening, however, will be the production of the reports on the papers sent in relative to the prevention of the sand drifts, and the best means of cultivating the sand hills in the neighbourhood of Sydney There are, in addition to this, two other papers to be read, one on the cultivation of orchids and the other on the vegetation of the South Sea Islands, which are likely to attract considerable attention. The chair will be taken at half-past 7 precisely. FOUND DEAD. - On Saturday morning a female named Thorpe, residing at Nichols Wharf, Lane Cove, was horrified on awaking, by the discovery that her husband was lying dead beside her. The man was about 60 years of age, a waterman, and had latterly drank to excess. He had complained of being unwell for a day or two, but having no money, medical aid was not sent for. We are requested to call the attention of the trade, private buyers, and others, to the sale by Messrs. Joseph Simmons, senior, and Co., this day, at 11 o'clock, at their rooms, W*.- 4. George. arrest, of First plated ware, plate and crown glue, are; also, two cottages and ground, Bllgh-urrao*, Newtown -Advt. < COURT OF REQUESTS-This Court rains Its Sittings at ten o'clock this morning, commencing at No. 81 of the remanet ear Massue Wyatt. as ., _ . . THE attention of points, paperhangers, cabinetmakers, and others, It especially direct- to the tale of a large apertures t of whole paper-hat/gtag«. from Wounds, lroaMR*rr, **.**.*£ Met«r*n>awd*a indThnlktld, this day, at li Cloak, at the City ,M*tt,xll.Georn-*tr**t.-Jdcc. 2 2 2."".", ' i Expxuutin Cmr Paomma. BOAT, TITBAÎBTICO MAciriira, -every particular attention i*_v_r«fpsrlle« in search of -ft _3MTi»«lnvM_-it»; saddles ti-r«ria**lla«*oto«ales at ».^TroatTsStem as, Clrwlar Wharf, at half-past two feet- (SNAdT«ltl»MWSt).-Aa,rt, 