GEELONG. (moa Otra owes conKFSro-roKNT ) April 5th, 1855 The Geelong Corporation is likely to get iota disgrace in connection with certain matters peer willing to the laying of the foundation-stone of the new Town Hall. It appears that about fortnight ago, Mr. Councillor Wright presented a petition from certain of the inhabitants to have a piece of street repaired, which was a very rt cessory work, and which would not cost more to an £160. After consideration, the Council, read to the conclusion that they had no money to spare, and refused the application, A few days ago, however, when it was thought aw Fttblo to have a "flare-up" and a dinner at the laying of the foundation-stone, the same Council agreed that the dinner should he paid for out of the public funds. The dinner will cost £160 of £200, The Council have no more money came before, and yet they can squander one day the very money they deny having a few days before. K the Mayor and Corporation are so particularly londoftheso ridiculous public displays, and an initial to dinners, they should pay for them themselves. The very handsome sum of was' lavished on the Mayor should effectually prevent him from dipping his fingers in the public care. As it is a great deal more than he is worth, near might spend some of it in a few Corporation din r crs, and leave the other money of the burgesses to be spent in legitimate improvements, 46. Mr. Coppin took his benefit last night the O Theatre Royal, and a very respectable audience July numerous audience appeared to welcome home. The piece chosen was Shnksptrc s cele hinted play of "Hamlet," in which Mushroom i Joyed Hamlet, Mr. E. Younge the double portion Ghost and Claudius, Mr. Coppin Fotomut, sam Cathcart Ophelia, and Mrs. Moore GcrtnM. Hamlet is one of those pieces in willett By I'roolco's noble and commanding appearance tem extremely in his favor and last night hosp j cared to great advantage, although, I confess, li hero seemed to be a want, or rather an COMe tional misapplication, of feeling. His acting cm he whole, however, was very fine, and receives II e applause it merited. Mr. R. Younge, as king and ghost, played with his usual ability. J' iss Cathcart as 0;J/IC/IVI was admirable, and nee L'tlmealions of the female maniac of high w« set down from the sphere of intelligence should jo lately occupied to that of madness and Viceroy, were true and natural. Coppin played I plant, is Coppin can play it. The afterpiece was IM Wandering Minstrel." To night is the late Mr. Brooke's present engagement here, as also his talented assistants, Miss Cathcart and Dr. Younge. Mr. Brooke takes his benefit this crea wing, the play being "The Stranger," and thereafter piece "His Last Legs," in which Mr. Brooks plays O'Callaghan. I hope that they will M ¡cuín induced to visit Geelong, and afford us another opportunity of witnessing their new admired talents. . , 