ORIGIN, RISE, AND PROGRESS " OF MORMONIS M, To trace the Origin, Rise, and Progress of Murmouisin — To commence at tiio fountain head of this vast delusion, where, like the mighty and renowned tutv, iu u|j|/uaio uuu aa a diiio>u aim in significant spring, and trace it through all the various ravines of persecution, its circuitous route louud mountains of op position, and to behold it at intervals gu.ihing out upon the plains of peace and prospeiity, until at last, in the in- credibly short space of twenty-five years, it bursts forth before our gaze a mighty river of the grossest delusions ; whose waters are pregnant with the most im- moral practices, and the most irrational doctrines— such is the design of tho fol lowing chapters. Tho facts therein con tained have been derived from various sources, including 4 Hogg's Instructor,' Wesleynn Magazine,' the narratives of persons who liavo visited tho State of of Deseret, and contemporary journals ; but principally from a work published by tlio author of tho ' London Poor.' Tho imposture of the 4 Rook of Mor mon ' and tho 4 Golden Plates,', is so glaring, that its success among the' boasted intelligent Allgl"Snxon nice may well constitute a niatter of serious consideration. The corruptions of Mor- monism, as in all sjmilar impositions, are of a growing natmp. The infamous Spiritual Wife'- floctrine, Polganiy, and tho lieathenish doctrine of the Deity, wero not cnuniciatod by Joe Smith, and i his coadjutor Sidney Iligdon, at the commencement. But having once es tablished it iu the minds of their de luded followers, tlpit they had direct communication with heaven, and wero commissioned of God to preach a new dispensation, they soon began to shape their 4 revelations ' to suit their own depraved and licentious appetites. . Chapter 1. Tiik 'Book of Mormon ' its origin — Salomon Spaulding't fietitinu" liLtory of lliu 4 lost tun lril>.'« of Israul — Mr John paulding's testimony — Mrs. Davison's testimony. Mr. Patterson Iho printer — Sidney Sigdon obtains povsesMnn of the 4 Manuscript Found' — Sidney Kigilon and Joseph Smith hecomo acquainted — Dentil of Mr. Spauld ing nnd Mr. Patterson Origin of Mor- innnism — Joe Smith's ' visions' and 1 reve lations Discovery of tile Gidden Plates — Interview with John tho Baptist 1 -Con- secretion lo the Aronie Priesthood — Is baptized, by immersion. About . tho year 1809, a considerable amount ot curiosity was excituu in tlic United States of North America, on a sub ject which stil 1 occupies the attention of antiquarians, namely, tho supposition of its having been,' at an early rlato, inhabi ted by a race of men now extinct. Thjs supposition was based upon the fact of thero having been found the remains of several ancient fortifications .ami nn- tiqtio implements of warfare ; all of which portrayed a greater knowledge of thu arts than was posses -cd by tho thou exist ing tribes of America. Mr. Solomon Spattldiiig, formerly a minister of the Gospel (then residing at New Salem, Ohio),— tt man endowed with a highly imaginative intellect, ami possessed of. a thorough kuowlodgo of Biblical history — considering that these discoveries supplied tho material for a religious novel, com menced a fictitious history of the Lost Ten Tribes of Israel, iu which he marked their career from the time of their depar ture from Asia, till their settlement iu North America. This work he wrote in thu most ancient style, Liking the Old Testament for a guide. That lie (Mr. So lomon Spaulding) was tho .author of tho subject matter of the work afterwards puidished as the Book of Mormon, was tes tified to, on oath, by Mr. John Spaulding, brother of Mr. S. Spaulding, who says: — 4 My brother's book was an historical romance of thu first suttlurs in America ; endeavouring to shew that tho American Indians wore tho descendants of Jews, or tho lost tun tribes. That it gave a de tailed iiccouut of their journey from Je rusalem, by laud ami by sea, till they ar rived in America, under the command uf 4 N'ephi' and 4 L dii,' ami that it also men tioned the Lnmoiiitcs. He also said that 4 lie had read the 4 Book of .Mormon,' and to his great surprise, lie found nearly tho same historical matter and names as in his brother's writings. To the best of his recollection and belief, it was the sumo that his brother Solomon wrote with tho exception of the religious matter. And Mrs. Davison, (formerly the wife of .Mr. S. Spaulding, deceased) writing to the editor of a Boston paper iu the year 1839, says: — ' Solomon Spaulding, to whom 1 was united in marriage in early life, was a graduate of Dartmouth c dlege, At the IIIIIU U| Ulil llliillldl;ut JIU J USlUlU III Cherry Vale, New York. From this place we removed to New Salem, Ohio. In tho town of Now S.ulum, there are utt- morons mounds and forts, supposed by many to bo the dilapidated dweilings and fortifications of it race now extinct. Mr. Spaulding being an educated man ami pas innately fond of history, tool; a lively interest in" these developcinents of anti quity ; and in order to beguile the hours of retirement and furnish employment for his lively imagination, lie conceived the idea of giving an historical sketch of this long lost race. His sole object in writing this imaginary history was toamuso him self andltis neighbour. It claims to have been written by one of the nation, and to have been received from the earth and as sumed the title of ' Manuscript Found.' After Mr. Spaulding finished thu compo sition of his work, no became acquainted with a Mr. Patterson, who was connected with a printing establishment, to whom ho either lent tho work for perusal, or gave it to publish ; be that us it may, Mr. S. Spaulding becoming deceased, it was not published in that character. But while in the possession of Mr. Patterson, a compositor of the name of Sidney Rig- don obtained possession of thu manu script. Having traced it thus far, from Mr. S. Spattlding's pen, merely as tt religious novel, we have now to mark (he use which, iu tho hands of huso designing men, wus made of it. Who can tell the misery and grief which has been the re sult of this apparently innocent fiction? Who can number thu lost souls in perdi tion whoui it has been niado tho menus of leading there, and, alas ! still will be ? it is not distinctly stilted by what means Sidney Bigilon, and Joseph Smith btctmo associated together ; or which of them ori ginated thu itlea of concocting a new and false religion out of Mr. Sp.aulding's 4 Manuscript Found,' although it is gone- rally (supposed to have been Joseph Smith, llowovcr, tho way boing now apparently free of all obstacles, — 4 tho fulness of time' having arrived — by tho death of tho author, and Mr. Patterson, yl i A.I II 1 O 4 J/? T iftvVl D >i t a i 1. 1 . a ... . . 1 .. » 11U ll IUH 111 iU«iU) UUOeJJll Oilllbil UUgtill Lll carry his wicked designs into effect. This was iu the year 1830-1. Ho asserted that iu the year 1823 ho had been favoured with the visit of an angel from lieavon, who informed liitn that his sins were for given, and 4 that all tho religious denom inations wore boiioviug in incorrect doc trines ; and he roceived a promise that tho truo doctrines, the fulness of tho Gospel, should, at sotno future time, bo made known to liitn. It was also made manifest to liitn that the 'American Indians' wero a remnant of Isr'aol. . , . . Tluit. tho prophets ' and in spired writers among tiiem were required to keep a sacred history of tho most im portant events transpiring atnotig them, which history was handed down for many generations, $11 ot length they fell into groat wickedness. The greatost part of them were destroyed, and tho records wero safely deposited to preserve them fxotn the' hands of the wicked, who sought to destroy thorn.' From this time ho frequently had 'angels visits' one of whom commanded liitn to repair to tho pltico where tho plates where de posited, that ho might view them, 'After arriving at tho depository, a little exertion in reiRoving the soil froin the edges of tho top of the box, and a slight lover brought tp his natural vision its contents.1 While viewing with amazement this sacred treasure,' l his soul was again onlightpiied, and ho was filled with the Holy Spirit ; and the hea- voiis woro oponed/and the glory of the Lord shone around about, and rested upon him,' He wns also shown tho power of darkness, so that, having seou — U tho two powers, ho might « never ho in fluenced or ov ci come by tho wicked otic,' The angel informed hiin that ho could not, at the present time, obtain the plates' for 4 the commandment of the Lord is strict, nml if ever these sacred things are obtained, they rliiist be by prayer and faithfulness ill obeying the Lord.' According to Orson Pratt's statement after Joe Smith had 4 obeyed' the Lord for tho space of four vears, 'on the morning of the 22ml of September, a.i>. 1827, the angel of the Lord delivered tho records into his hands. These records wero engraved on plates, which had tho appearance of gold. Each plate was nut far from seven by eight inches iu width and length, being not quite as thick as common till, They wore filled on both sides with engravings in Egyptian cha racters, ami bound together in a volatile as the leaves of a book, and fustened tit tho edge with three rings running through tho whole. This volume was soiiiethitic near six inches iu thickness, a part of which was sealed.' With tho records was found 'a curious instrument, called bv tilt) mimrmts. MmTTri (tl Jltwl Tlllltniv.!'.- which consisted of two transparent stones' clear as crystal, sot in tho two rims of a bow. This was in uso in ancient times by persons called seers. ' It was an in-' strunient by tho uso of which they re ceived revelation of things distant, or of things past or future.' 4 By tho gift and powor of God through tho means of the Urim and Thuinniiiii ' Joe Smith ami his accomplices were eii- aided to translate the characters engraved on tho plates. On one occasion, while engaged in this blessed work, they wero again honoured with the visit of a heaven ly messenger, this time by 110 less a per sonage than John tho Baptist himself! when they wero commanded to be bap.' ti/.ud, were also ordained t0 the Arunio priesthood, which holds tho kevs of the ministering of angels, and of tiio gospel of repentance, ami of baptism by immersion, fortlio remission of sins, Joseph Smith iu his account of this event, published in the 4 Millennial Star' vol. nr. page 148, says : — ' 4 While wo (Joseph Smith ami Oliver Cowdowery) were thus employed (in the work of translation), praying ami culliiic upon the Lord, a messenger from heaven dusouiiilud iu a cloud of light, and having laid his hands upon its, he ordained its' saying, unto us. ' Upon you, mv fellow servants, m the iiamo of the Messiah 1 confer the priesthood of A.aron which holds the keys of the ministering ofnm'clsund of tile gospel of repentance, amluf hap- tism by immersion for the remission of sins; and this shall never bo taken a"aiu from tho earth until tho sous of 'Levi do oiler again tut offering unto the Lord in i tgh leottsttess ! 11c said this A aronie priest- i Imod had not tho power of layim' on of ' hands lor the gilt ot the Holy Ghost, but I that this should be conferred on us here- 4 after; and ho commanded us to go and J bo baptized and gave us directions' that I f should baptize Oliver Dowdery, and nf. terwards that lie should baptize me. Ac- t corilingly wo went and wore baptized. I | baptized him first, and afterwards' ho I baptized me. After which llaidTnvj hands upon his head, and ordained him to ilmAuronio priesthood ; afterwards ho: laid his hands on me, and ordained mc to the same priesthood ; for so we were com. manded. The messenger who visited us oil this occasion, and conferred this priest hood upon us, said that his name was1 John, tho same that is called John tlio: Baptist in tho New Testament, and that lie acted under tlio direction of Peter, James, and Joint, who held tho kevs ofi the priesthood of Melchisedek, which' priesthood lie said should in due titnu ho'! conferred on us, and that 1 should bo' called the first elder, and lie the second:1 It was on the 15th day of May, 1829, that' wo were baptized and ordained under tiio. hand of the messenger.' ' (To be continued.) > 