CHLOROFORM IN THE CASE OF WOUNDED SOLDIERS. 1'lorn a communication lately made to the Academy of .Sciences, by one of the surgeons belonging to a Trench regiment in the east, it appears that chloroform has been very extensively employed in the cases of Mounded soldiers in the Crimea, and with most success ful results. The apparatus used was of a most simple character, consisting Of a piece of twisted paper, of a conical shape, with the wide end large enough to cover the mouth and nostrils of the patient, and cut round at the sharp end, so as to admit the passage of air. A piece of lint placed at this narrow end, served to re ceive the chloroform, of which from twenty to thirty drops were poured on it. The patient bcing'then placed on his hack with a bandage over the eyes'(light being found to materially impede the effects of the inhalation) the little paper bag was held at some little distance from the respiratory organs ; and according as the pa tient appeared overcome, the bag was placed closer and closer to the mouth. 'When insensibility appeared fully established, the operation was commenced, and if it so happened that it continued longer than the effects of the inhalation, a second, and soinet.mcs a third dose of chloroform was let fall on the lint, and allowed to be inhaled, but always in an intermittent manner. This ldan was employed in the ease of every man in the French army, badly wounded at Alma and Inkerinann, and all without the slightest accident. "It results," says the account presented to the academy, "from the vast number of experiments which I witnessed, that it is n»t by any means necessary to carry the absorption of the chloroform to the extent of destroying all power of movement—in fact, that there is danger in crossing the line which separates the abolition of sensation from the abolition of motion. Ax INTELLIGENT Jt'RY.—III 311 .ICtiojl " KillgSnidl V. Millard," tried at Taunton on Monday, to recover pos session of some land, Mr Justice Orowder, in directing the jury that the plamtiff s case had been clearly proved by the defendant's evidence, as well as by the plaintiff's, happened to denominate Mr .Serjeant Kinglake, one of the plaintiffs counsel, as his' " 11 rot her Kinglake." Ihe jury, which was not one of the brightest, had, however, predetermined to have their own way, ami to give a verdict against the learned sc-rjeant, against the evidence, and against the summing up of the judge, and as a reason for domg so, while considering the verdict, one of tliem was heard to address another .jury man thus :—"Did'st thee hear thai; 'ere judge call that 'ore counsel (meaning the learned Serjeant) brother ? Do st thee think it :s likely he was going to say anything against his own brother?" and with this con clusion, and an air of obvious defiance, they returned a verdict contrary to his Lordship's direction.—Bristol : Mirror. Loan DrxpoxAT.n's Scheme. — His lordship has altered his intention of making knouii to our Imperial Ally his secret plans—"capable speedily, certainly, | and cheaply to surmount obstacles which our gallant' ' persevering, and costly armies and fleets have failed to : accomplish." The announcement of an intended dis- : closure of Iris plans, brought down upon his lordship ' numerous unpleasant letters, but these would not have indueerl him to hesitate in his purpose had he not ' learnt that the Emperor was not to proceed to tiie East, ; and consequently could not personally avail himself of j the plan—"feeling the greatest doubt whether they ! would he triumphantly carried into effect by any less ! expanded mind or subordinate authority, I hesitated to ! risk an unfavourable result." ' j Coal Pit Accident. —An explosion of fire-damp 1 took place at Bankhcad eoal- pit, near Rutherglcn, by : which one man, named It eel, and four boys were in- ■' jured, but not to a very serious extent. We under- { stand that the only place"in the pit in which fire-damp : makes its appearance is in the inside of a slip which has j been newly cut. A man, whose duty it is to inspect this place every morning, had been there as usual, and had worked in the place for some time with his naked lamp Although it did not seem to him to be dan gerous, srili, as an additional precaution, he to Id Reid to enter first with the Davy lamp onlv, more especially much lie entered for the first time in the morning; and he was also strictly enjoined never to allow boys to ac company liini, Botn of these precautions he appears to have neglected, and hence the accident, which, but for tne small accumulation ol gas, might have been much more serious.— Xnrfh Jirili.sh Mail. Miraculous Escape or Six Chili>i;kx. — A fire, attended "with considerable destruction of property and ' almost fatal results to six children, happened in the premises belonging to Mr J. Steel, stationer and beer sliop-keeper, situate No. 39, Church-street, "Woolwich. , Ihe fiie uas first discovered by a police-officer, who j sounded the alarm. Several of the inmates having ! effected a safe retreat, it was ascertained that no fewer : than six children had been left in the building, -which ; was then nearly three-parts on fire. The police gal- 1 lantly rushed through the fire, and happily succeeded , in rescuing the whole of the children without the ; slightest injury. The flames were eventually extin- i guished but not until the premises of Mr Steel were i partially consumed, and the premises of Mr Lee, next ! door, damaged by fire, water, and hasty removal. j Angling Season.—The brethren of the "gentle craft" have been sadly hindered in the pursuit of their favourite sport by the long-continued frost and dry weather. In contradiction to other mortals, the spirits of anglers generally rise as the barometer sinks, and the i first fall of rain, now apparently not far distant, is likely 1 to afford them an excellent opportunity for the exercise ! ot their skill. By this time we should" suppose that the j salmon and trout species are about as tired of the ! drought (and consequent want of food) as the anglers ; and there are always great takes made during the first rise of the waters aiter dry weather. The only excep tions we have hoard of to the general want of sport in tins neighbourhood have occurred on Loch-Vennaehar , and Lochlomond. On the former a salmon was killed by R. S. Dykes, Esq., a few days ago, and another was taken on Thursday; and in the latter, on the same day, a Glasgow* gentleman hooked two salmon, one of which he captured, and he also basketed four very fine sea trout. — Scotch Paper. The usual Easter City Banquet took place at the Mansion House on Monday, the chief guest being the Duke of Cambridge. His Royal Highness was re ceived with marked cordiality. Her Majesty's Minis- , ters were represented by Sir (j. C. Lewis. ' j Tin*. Recent Tuhe Defalcation'.—The gentleman so ! significantly alluded to last week in the newspapers is ' tne Hon. I rancis J. R. \ illicrs, M.P., for Rochester, j one of the sons of the Earl of Jersey. i Kossuth commenced his connection with the Atlas • on Saturday last, with an article on the Conference at j "Sienna. The gist of his argument is the mischief arising from secret diplomacy, and that Turkey will ! find herself worse off under the protectorate of the five i powers than she was under that of Russia, A Sad Accident.—An accident from playing with j gunpowder took place on Saturday, at No. 2*5, James- j street, Covent-gardcn, Mr A\ illiam Bennett sent one j of his sons, aged about 12 years, to the top of the house, : to fill a quarter-pound canister with gunpowder, and, : having done so, he repaired to the room in which three i other children were playing, and, in order to amuse , them, began to sprinkle the powder upon the fire, when I all of a sudden the whole contents of the flask became j ignited and exploded, blowing the windows out, fore- j ing the ceiling down, and setting fire to the children's j clothes. The neighbours rushed in, and found the four ; children frightfully injured, so that it is doubtful j whether either of them will recover. j Cask of Mrs Ramsiiottom —This lady was tried at i the Middlesex sessions oa Wednesday. The indictment aganist licr was found on Tuesday hy the grand jury, : and it contained two counts, alleging two distinct lar- , cenics as having been committed by her, viz., one of two sleeves on the 15th of March, and one of four handker cli.cis on the 27th of March, in both cases the articles ■ being laid as the property of the same prosecutor, John ' M at kin Mottle. Mr Bodkin was for the prosecution, Mr Ballanti.'ie and Mr Parry appeared for the defendant. ; The accused surrendered, and was placed in the dock. Sh > stood at the bar, and Mr Alien, ihe deputy clerk ol the peace, having read over the charges, and asked ; her to plead, she pleaded not guilty, anal then sat ; down. Alter the examination of the witnesses for the prosecut on, a number of jiersons gave the prisoner a most excellent character, and Mr Ballantinc made an eloquent speech in her defence. The jury could not agi ee upon a verdict, and were at length dismissed from their duty. The prisoner was discharged. Six of the jury believed Mrs Riimsbottom to have been insane at . the tune of the commission of the act—that is, to have been under mental hallucination. How to Make voi r Bed in the Open Air.—Study the form of a hare. In the flattest and most unpromis ing oi fields, the creature will have availed herself of some little hodow to the lee of an insignificant tuft of grass, and there she will have nestled and fidgeted about 1 till she has made a smooth, round, grassy bed, com- i nacl and fined to her shape, where she may cuvl herselt snugly up, an 1 rover down below the level of the cut tin rt wind. Follow Iwr example; a man, as he lies down upon his mother s earth, is hut a small low objei l, and a screen of eighteen inches high will guard him securely from the strength of the storm. The great mistake of a novice lies in selecting a tree lor his oamp imi-place, which spreads out nobly above, but a Herds nothing but a bare stem below. It iua\ oe tnat, as k walks about in search of a bush, the quantity of foliage at the level of his eye, with its broad shadow, chiefly attracts him, and. as lie stands to the leeward of it, it seems snug; and, therefore, without further reflection, he orders his bed to be spread at its toot. But as soon as he lies down upon tiro ground, the tree prove? worthless as a screen—it is a roof, and not a wall: whet is really wanted i< a dense low screen, perfoetly windtight, as'high up as the knee above the _ ground. All additional defence is superfluous to a sleeping man. Thus, if a traveller has to encamp on a bare turf plain, he need onlv turn up a bvoml sod seven feet long by two feet wide, and if he .succeeds in propping it up on jtx edrre. it will form a suiheieot protection against the wind. — Art of 'frnrel. Disi ovimv hp 'Axcii-nt Piece of Ok!>xaxce.~ ■ The labourers engaged in levelling the ground sur rounding the Kilkenny National model school, whilst i excavating a portion of the inner embankment of the i old town wall, under the bastion anciently known as i Talbot's castle, discovered a very curious piece of ord nance, probably a relic of Cromwell's siege, at the dis tance of several feet from the surface. It is the species ( of gun termed a " sakcr," with a moveable chamber for loading, and measures seven feet six inches in length, with a bore of two inches. A fragment of a 241b. can ' mm shot was found a few days previously in the same : locality. Both these interesting remains have been cle : posited in the museum of tire Kilkenny Archaeological : soe ety, by Henry P. Clarke, Esq., local inspector ot ! national schools.—Kilkenny Moderator. ' 5 JTIoxot'ii TO TIIF. Bit.vvV:.—Different countries have at diiferent times adopted various means of doing honour to their heroes. Some of them have conducted them through their cities in triumph ; others have offered up burnt saer.fices to their honour ; others again have pre sented them with the freedom of towns or cities ; and —hut we not proceed further in our enumeration. The most orighnal method, however, was, perhaps, that recently adopted at Fclkstone. It appears that on the ' recent return of Sir De Lacy Evans from the Crimea, : the corporation of Folkstone determined to be before all other parties, by presenting him, i on his landing, with an address of congratulation, ! and a sword of the value of L50 guineas, ihc gallant general, however, arrived before the sword could be ' obtained, and it was, therefore, resolved to present the j j address and promise the sword. In carrying this reso- j j lution into effect, the spokesman snatched up the poker, ! i and gravely presenting it to Sir De Lacy, asked him to ( ; imagine it to he a sword. The presentation was duly : ; acknowledged, though the gallant general could hardly j ; maintain his gravity; audit is but justice to say, the ! sword has since been obtained, and forwarded to the i j hero it was intended to honour. A Temferaxce Speech.—We know not where^ or ! when we have met with anything in prose more striking ! than the burst of eloquence which we are about to copy. ! One Paul Denton, of Texas, a Methodist preacher, it ; appears had advertised a barbacue, w ith better liquors 1 1 than are genera ly furnished. When the people were assembled, a desperado in the crowd called out, "Mr. . ; Paul Denton your reverence has lied. You promised ! us not only a good barbacue but better liquor--whore's , j the liquor:" "There!" answered the miss'onary in j tones of thunder, and pointing his finger at the match- i less double spring gushing up in two strong columns, with a sound like a shout of joy from the bosom of the 1 earth. "There," he repeated, "there is the liquor ; j which God, the Eternal, brews for his children. Not j in the simmering still over smoky tires, choked Avith ; poisonous gases, surrounded with the stench of sicken ing odours and corruptions, doth your Father in Heaven : prepare the precious essence of life—the pure cold water; j but in the green glade and grassy dell, where the red deer wanders, and the child loves to play, there God , brews it; and down, low down in the deepest valleys, ; where the fountain murmers and the various rills sing, and high upon the mountain tops, where the naked granite glitters like gold in the sun, where the storm ' cloud broods and the thunder.storms crash; and away ; far out on the wild, wale sea, where the hurricane howls music and the big wave rolis th.: chorus, sweeping the : march of God—there he brews it, that beverage of life, i health-giving water. And everywhere it is a thing of life and beauty, gleaming in the clew-drop, singing in the j summer rain,'shining in the ice- gem, till the trees all i seem to turn to living jewels, spn ading a golden veil ! over the setting sun, or a white gunze around the mid- . night moon; sporting in the cataract, dancing in the <, had- shower, sleeping in the glacier, folding iis bright ; snow curtains softly about the wintry world, and weav- j ing the many coloured sky, that seraph's zone of the j syren, whose warp is the rain-drops of the earth, whose , Avoof is the sunbeam of heaven, all checked over with i celestial flowers, by the mystic band of refraction. Still i always it is beautiful—that blesses! life- water ! Nopoi- ; son bubbles on its brink ; its foam brings not madness i and murder; no blood stains its liquid glass; pale: widows and starving orphans weep not burning tears in | its depths; no drunkard's .shrinking ghost from the . crrave curses it in worlds of eternal despair. Speak out j mv friends, would you exchange it for the demon's ; drink, alcohol:" A shout like the roar of a tempest, 1 answered—"NO!' A Cciuosity.—In the month of September, 18-53, while the ship Lord Riversdalc, Captain Hague, was on . her passage from California to Valparaiso, the vessel sprang a leak, which kept the crew busy at the pumps. On get ing to Valparaiso the vessel was thrown over for j the purpose of examining the leak, when, to the surprise , of the carpenter, it was found that the narwaal, or sea | unicorn, had forced its pointed horn through the gar- : board streak, the next plank to the keel, and left two j feet of the formidable weapon, if we may so term it, in j the plank. The plank is of American elm, four inches ; thick, and the horn had passed through thervood to the j extent of six inches on the other side. It was no won- ' dor, therefore, that the vessel leaked, and perhaps the fate of manv an unlucky ship may be justly attributed to a cause, which in this case, from th- peculiar place where the blow was struck, did not do any very serious damage. The plank and horn were exhibited for a few days at the Exchange Newsroom for the inspection of the curious.—Lira-poo! Mercury. . Beai tv of the Dead.—The beauty of death is not | exnlicahle. IIoav far its strange fascination may arise j from the idea suggested of a repose compared with j which that of the most tranquil sleep is agitation, ! will : not pretend to determine I knew" a man of the highest order of mind a man of fine feeluigs, hut ol great sim- ■ plicity, and far above all affectation, who, standing by ; the corpse of his wife, said—" It gives me very plea- . surabie sensations. ' And yet lie had truly loved lici. , The exquisite lines in "The Giaour," in which the pre- i sent aspect of Greece is compared to a beautiful corpse, j are familiar to every reader. Lord Bvron, in a note to ; the pasnage, remarks th:u " this peculiar beauty re- j mains but"a few hours after death." But I have been i told, bv those in the habit of making casts, that on the j second day the expression is improved, and even on the i third day"it is still finer. I have been in several in- j stances asked to make drawings from the dead; and j though in every case I have entered the room where j the body lay somewhat reluctantly, vet I have invariablv i felt reluctant to quit it. —Leslie a Handbook for Young 