•pomestWe iJews. OL?UI~1: tLOUttl'. Wlauas.-Charlottl e Mourse summoned E. Leike -s(t on a chlar.o otdismin i g her before Ihu expiratio) of hlr term of engagemnc:lt and refusing to pay liar wages Com'plaBnantlw. a duly swon aand ds? ? about 7 weeks ago I was hied by Mr E Lrake of Portland, as a general snriantr tie agicement was a written one : have it it home. At ihi. stage the Police Magistrate remanded the chse for half an hbur for the production of the agreement, \ hen complainant returned she stated that the case had been settled out of Court; whereupon it was dismiss-d complainant having to pay fs 6d costs. A NVUISHCE. -Andrew Mil ard was summoned by constable Hejward, for ha ving, on the tst'November allowet night idil to be spilt iiit Jlia street I fendant p!eaded guilty to the charge and was fined os and 3s 6d costs. CuaARG or LUNACT.-John Kleim, German, was brought up for eXaminatiq' on a charge of being a dangerous lunatic having been forwarded to Portland from the Hami:ton Policedesrch.The deposition on -which he wds committed, stated that he had gone to a station called the. old Etock yard owned by Timothy Twos ney anl had cliimed possesion of the whole station as his. own prqperty. On his examination heý state in answer to questions put to him by the Police fMs. gistiatei, that he.was aslephird and had been 4 years on the Sydcey side, New E'ng!id ,he had .lately, come o, the. Girage' ; he w' 'looking ehlr -'.. ume -h.ooi ho .-da luia'wilci nad belonged to his father ;'pme of these were in that district some about Meibou'-ne and aboat Sydney and all ipaits of:the country. \\\%ben asked wteether he had seen anything strange ; he saidhe had seen tie Holy Ghost ; it was about half an hour before. leaving a station he was on at Mount Gambler. Vhen asked what the vision was like, he said, it was ihke Pigeons fly., in. th.ough the air; and had he.said told him he was in the right way and was to, fear nothi g. The man was remanded for. sweek to see what effect medical treatmena might have upon him. Dr Find:iy is at,. tei ding him. GOLD IN Tilts DISTitcT.-There is so, strong a periuaiion in the milds of those. who know the interior ot this district; ol profi able gold fitlds existing thet that it is, now seriously proposed to raise a fund. of £1009 for a reward to any parties who. may discover a workable gold.field with in ri o;derate d stance of this town.. We are informed that a few years ago.there us to be a shepherd on a station at a creek known as Schofields Creek, about 60 or 70 ni'es from Portland who regularly gathered while tending his sheep small box fulls of Iold, whiih were sAit round, to the man's broth-r in Sydney. It would greatly stimulate the discsery of a work. able gold field in this dist ict to offer a rew; rI of a E1000 to the sucoessful d scor. erer, but sooner or later with or wilhout rt gold di.covery reward, we ae satisfied tllt a remuntrating gold field will be dis' covered to the aWetwvurd ofthe Grange. WIIALC CAPruniDro.-YrYterday alferruon a s imall whale, or a lilack- fi.h waI taken in ;he surt near wlhee the Aus ralasil lies. It mea. sured fourteen feet in" length. I'The party ofr walt - n iti) by whollr the animal wB CHaptured, rroceeded ininediately to bull the Brfle downi or oil. - Luscy-T'lhe Lunatic, Angus, Macleod re erased Irt is tihe Puriluad Jalu few da)s ago. nas ltker, arain )esietrday atBranxhulmeand brough itlrence by tlo-s'theGrasge 'Pohlce.He' Saa eonducling hlimaelfin ra.very wild and up.. roarous imalnner at the InLn. Whlen the Po Ice lMagislrule at thle Urange, Mr. Fesher.. stonlhauglh heard of it lie proceeded theri at once and found reason in thie i'nmtu conduct tiCr despuaching him to ihe Pourrinnd Jail. Tire Police iarth their charge perlbrried the jouro ney on horeback in ite onle dat. . Wool. Surrs.-The first wool hlips during th present season ; and ts will be seen frioIl ous adverisinig columns the three favourites of his port will be evern, St dney Gritflthand. Frances Henty .WVe have .sI only tlowool, bu.ing inerchants no ilied viz the houses of Henly Lrarmonth & Co. and ofT'. Must IHOME SItiPs TO PORTLAND AlD lBLFAST, Ou coiterlpirorary the Belfast Gazerte must bear with ut while wt take the liberty of set ting him right in the shalipping .intelligence. lie frllowing appears i. his issue of Nor' tmber 3 d. The Cyprus end Mlay Queen from this per arr.ved in Londou the 21st July ar.4 the. Huby on theo 2th. PonT FAIrn SHll.FPro.-Manid of Julpha sailed Iroas Deal, July 14-H- nnuali480 gons 1o suil on July 20--Superb 320 eons via Port land Bay, in July,-.Sydn;.y Gr.llilhs ailed ruo, (Gravesend, August 2-Sulfolk, 231 loni dale 'not itxd, . New we l.ae to remark first that the May Queen aid not sail from Bellast as stated by our collntelmsuory, but Iroi Poriland. The Maid of Julplha u .es, to Forl and. The Sup.. erbl is itken oli lie berth. The Sydrey. OGri tiths comes to Portland. TheSuffolk is alpo. for Pur land. *This will, reduce the parade Sot Prl Fairy Shipping given by our conteni. p(lary ;,but it is better to be correst tlha aim at grandeur. Iun~.l?NQ X. ErFioY,-It would appear0that icertaiisll?lowers oftday.Fawk-es, last Monday in this town were ambili,us to have a more. modern Iern o of thieir »p,,rt than utll u6.ul one to Ihelrcamdul inied anuroysance ot hi ' livin.t' hero whrle effiny "ll;,ce niddernizer« thouni't proper eorbabon itha occnasi.n, A piilice' caue is a resllt. For ,Jr C, C. R.iaspplied 1 st Monday for a sll anons auauilsi Spielcer, on llhetollow.inl.ldellresinrn Spreleer sccor ding ato Bil.iranl, h.Id on M nddy evenirrg 5.1 Novenmacr procured a anrlleJ likeea8 of a ima ; coo>..,unly culled a la::y ; ar.d had hung round its n"ck a board on wliic: b ha hId writ. ein" Old Read"' 'Uld umbtig" and Ihar sliec burned said Gury ; thr. uOriLgir cjm.* plaisnant irllo c(intempt. 'Ths alilnons was rrirr..ed. (We elsa I giva lIea coiclusioa of thlI case it tro ilnrrow'a SUil r .ll " 5ni. ' 