: VISIT TO A :S¿tpSB' MEETING I HOUSE. : Àt im opposite) door there entered in single'lilo npvvnriJ» of forty pallid liidios, clad in shroud*. Tho sudden advent 6f(eo rnimy spectres struck a horrible chill to my heart. 'They walked gravely on tiptoe to á row of¿pegs on tho wall, hung np . their bonnets and mantles, mid arranged them sclves-upon soma benches nt tho other end of the building. They tbciîrfolded'thoir.hands on their laps (every shakercss.'had a clean towoi depend- ing over her right'-'avni),- cast their eyes to the» ground, and became , mute and motionless ns statues. Tho majority of them were elderly and and middle-aged women; But I saw six or eight very handsome young'girls, among the number, ono of whom having accidentally caught my oye, started as though 'isbmebody had stabbed her, and fixed her-glance-once more on tho ground. Soon afterwards :.tho ;, malo shakers made their- entree, ' an'A . hanging their hats and coats on an unoccupied party of pegs, took their seats (in their shirt sleeves) opposite tho Indios. Each brother had his arm tied above tho elbow with a black ribbon. His hair wns close cut in front, nnd left to grow behind. The white lockB of tho old ones looked like little cataracts streaming down into their coat collars. Their waistcoats nnd tronsers were of a bluish gray cloth, and they wore' high-heeled shoes, Bim liar to those patronised by the lovely sisters. For about a quarter of an hour there was a death- like silence. They were screwing their minds up to a proper pitch of devotional feeling. An old Shaker then stepped forward, and said, " Brothers and sisters, it is a solemn worship we are about to engage in, and' I hope wo shall all go through it with becoming decency;'- and thereupon about fifteen of the men, arranging themselves against thc wall, under the hat peg?, nnd converting their long lean hands into flappers, beat the air with thom, and chanted a doleful chorus, which consisted of a see-saw tune, and tho words " Law de law de law; law de law de law do law," &c.; Tho moment tho music had reached the proper climax, all tho other men sprang to their feet; the women imitated their example; and like hostile armies rushing to the charge, shouting loudly the whole timo, tho two bodies of fanatics rushed upon each other, but chocked themselves at the point of collision, pirouetted cloverly, and retreated back to back; pirouette again forward-doublo quick step-bnck-advance retire, forty times; then halt on a sudden, and ond the manouvre by every man and wurrum jumping a yard into tho air, and coming simultaneously down again with a tramp that shakes the building, llccovor seats. Hands clasped as before. JCjes down. Take breath, .... By degrees my mirth subsided -it changed to pity. I was provoked and disgusted bcyoud measure to seo so many decent- and elderly people (men with whito hair, and women with the wrinklesof fifty summers), thus playing the buffoon, and persuading themselves that an exhibition like tho present could bc acceptable to Him who is of purer oyos than to behold iniquity. I can roadily believe that tho hearts of many of these deluded creatures were really in the work They were sincere ns far as sincerity could asso- ciate itself with such cow-like gambols, and earnestly supposed they were purchasing eternal salvation with the performances.- Whittlings /rom the Weit. A TEMPEKANOB SrEEcrt. - Wo know not where or when wo havo mot with anything in prose more striking than the burst of eloquenco which wo aro about to copy. Ono Paul Danton, of Texas a Methodist preacher, it appears had advertised a barbacue, with botter liqunrs than aro generally furnished. When tho peoplo were assembled, a desperado in the crowd cried out, " Mr Paul Denton, your reverence, has lied. You promised us not ouly a good bar- bacue, but bettor liquor.-Where's thc liquor?'1 "TuEne!" answered the missionary, in tones of thunder, and pointing his'fingcr nt the matchless double spring gushing up' in two strongcolumus with a sound like a shout of joy from tho bosom of tho earth. " Thore," ho "repeated, " there is tho liquor which God, the Ktcrnal, brews for all his children. Not in the simmering still over smoky fires, choked with poisonous gases, sur- rounded with the stench of sickening odours and corruption, doth your Father in Heaven prepare tho precious essence of life tho pure cold water; but in the green glade and grassy dell where tho red deer wanders and tho child loves to play, thore God- brews it; and down, low- down in the deepest valleys, whero the fountain murmurs and tho various rills 6iug, and high upon the mountain tops, where the rinked granite glitters Uko gold in tho sun, whore the storm cloud broods' and the thunder storms crash, nnd away far out on " the wild,' wide sea, whero tho hurricane howls music and the big wave rolls the chorus, sweeping the march of God-tbero ho brows it, the beverage of lifo, health giving water. And everywhere it is a thing of life 'and . beauty-gleaming in tho dew-drop ¡ singing in the summer rain; Binning in the ico gom, till tho trees all seem to turn to living jewels, spreading a golden voil over the setting ' sun, or n whito gauzo around tho midnight moon; sporting in the cataract; dancing in tho hail shower; sleeping in the glacier; folding its bright snow curtains softly. about the wintry world, and weaving tho many colored sky, that seraph's zane of tho syren, whoso' warp is tho raindrops of earth, whoso woof is tho sun-beam of Heaven, nil checked over with celestial flowers, by tho mystic hand of refraction. Still always it is beautiful-that blessed life-water! No poison bubbles on its brink; its foam brings not mad- ness' and murder; no blood stains its liquid glass ; pale widows and starving orphans weep not burning tears in its depths; no drankard's shrinking ghost; from tho grave, curses it in worlds of eternal despair. ' Speak out, my friends, would you exchango -it for tho demon's . drink, alcohol?". A shout Uko the roar of a tempest, answered, "NOI" NEVER BEATEN MT WIFE !-Ono day wo were witnesses of 'a terriblo scono in a Cbiueso family that we know intimately. On coming in wo found n numerous party assembled round a 'young woman, who appeared on tho point of yielding hor last-breath. -A few dayB before she had been the very image of health, but now sho was- scarcely recognizable, her face was so bruised and covered with blood. She could not .move or speak, but her eyes streaming with tears, and the violent beating of her heart indi- cated too .well what sho was sulforing. Wo asked for some explanation of this heart-rending spectacle, "lt is her husband," said tho bystanders, " wlv> has brought tho poor c rcaturo to this stat o!" The husband was standing thore, gloomy, silent, almost stupifiod, his eyes fixed on his unfortunate victim. " What motive," said we, '.could possibly have urged you to such a dreadful excess? What crime- has your wife ¡ committed to ' bo treated in this way?" "None, I none 1"ho cried, in a voice broken by sobs; "sho ! deserved no punishment ; we have only been ' married two years, and you know wc have always livod in pence. But for Borne dayB I have have had something on ray mind. I thought people were'laughing at mo, because I hud nover ; benton my wife; and this morning I gave way ' to n thought."' And tho young man, whom wo could never have suspected of such a piece of in- sanity, abándonod himself to tardy and useless remorse. ' Twor' days afterwards, the poor [woman, who had always been an angel of good ^na83,>oxpired in terrible convulsions. - Hui's Chínete Umpire. 'r 9omo Liverpool gentlemen skated on the Deo from Chester to Farndon and back, ft distance of 'upwards of fifty milds altogether. . 