CUIINA. The Peking Gazette of 20thll April states that Woo-Chang, te 'capitanl of lioo-pill, lhas been takOen by tle rebels, and'Han-k'how has egain fallen into tile hands of thllo o nmy. 'The Lieuitnnnt-Governor of Hoo.kwaog and'tli prelct of the provincial city both died in lho lstruggle. Commenting on this ciatastrophe, tilhe Gazetto says :--"Tho report of the loss of 1Voo-chl ang thle provincial capital (now captured for the third tirie), and tilhe death of the Lieutennat Governor of Hoo-pil on the occasion, excite the Emperor's indignatoln and grief. When tile rebels arrived at that city, tilhe garrison proved insuflcienot to protect It. lloo-lin-yih and Le meng-k'enn, conducting their troops iby Inid nied water, gained various successes, nnd bad in viewl to save tihe city from the danger that impended over It. They met rebels coming from all sidesn by way of lling-kweh (a district city to time cstwoard of Wou.ch'ang in tlie next prefcctnre)o T'ung-snlin (a city a few milells south of Woo-ch'ang), and somn places of loss note. The troops, after fighting nil day wore overwhelmncd by slperior numbers. The chy was then lonst, and the lmootoe felln sacrin fice for bis country. Yang-p'el, the viceroy, led on lis troops, ntid attacked the rebel force several times, but without devising any success ful plan. hlaving lost thl city, and when lost, not at once retaking it, he ought, nccording to Inw, to be severely punished. But protectors being now needed for the country north, of thi Keang, he is continued In his commanod, while dcorived of hll titles, tlt ihe many havl nn opportunity of recovering his forl'oer stau?e . "If he does not quickly sweep "clena of rebels the region under his commaond, recover hins capital, and preovet their farther advance, aho will bo visited with condign punishment. " Tnou- giion-p'ei, the Foo-t'ne, having falilen at his post, is much regretted by tho-Emllperor, who will arrange for the comfort of the ghost of his faitllful servon, "1On 27th Alpril, Ho-ts'ing.kwcl, the Lieu Ltenoit-Governor of Ngan- hwei, informs the Emperol thrat liwecl.chow noid Seih-leen haove beenl recovered from the rebels, into whose hands they had fallen. The Gnazett of lMay ilh refers to the report of 'T'chlminig-al on the capture of'tsacnot shalnI anl island ,near Chin-Keang, nod of certnill rafts on whlich rebel forces had been posted in the river. The aflfair lasted from sevenl o'clock till five o'clock tin the evenilg. , The chain was completely broken away, and more than 300 boots in all dcstroyed. Oi thib same day Clhowsz.e-fn, the officer in comnimnldl ot'Tacnolt. shau, led his vessels agailnst tile rebels at Kin. shnn. At once the robeol force on rifstain lthe river was ill motionl, and their cannon opooed fire front the south. 'fThe imperial troops at tacking the earthworks and the raft simuultonc onsly, succeeded in drowning many of their foes, and capturing four rafts. Int noticing tilhe movements of the rebels during the month, thle Herald of 2nd June ob serves lthat intelligence has b?een received of tore activity on their part than has been exhli hired for a long time. Oi thie .Yng-tsze-keang, General Heing )unag reports victories over thle rebels at KIoun, tsze and Kow-ynig. Thus, whilst iho struggle appears to rage with renewed vigor Inl the vici ilty of tihe great cities, on and near to the Yanlug-tsze-kenalg river-woe have testlnlony from witnesses of tim most reliable accuracy, in tie persons of European travellers recently returned from the silk districts, that they are perfectly peaceable I anld that travelling in that liar of the country is eflleted with the greatest case. 