NICHOLAS AND HIS APOLOGISTS. (From the Economist ) We must say that the Peace Propagandists have done themselves little credit this year from first to last. They have been weak, they have been unjust, they have been sycophantic. From the mission to St. Petersburg down to the letter of Mr. Joseph Sturge, the immorality of the moralises stands out in sunbeams. From January to December, in place of sympathising with the oppressed, they have embraced the cause of the oppressor in place of pleading for light and justice, they have extenuated and excused crime in place of denouncing the guilty Autocrat, they have fallen foul of those who would have checked his violence and rescued his victim. To the haughty Czar, seated on his throne and receiving them with a bewildering condescension they spoke with bated breath and whispering humbleness ;" they addressed him as an injured man, whom they entreated rather to bear wrong and tolerate resistance than endeavour to right himself by the strong arm, when, if they had had the spirit of George Fox, or the proper feelings of English- men, they would have sought to awaken and alarm his conscience by language such as Nathan held to David, or Knox addressed to Mary Queen of Scots on their countrymen, striving to make head against his high- handed and unprovoked aggressions, they heaped every species of malignant misrepresentation and every epithet of unrelenting condemnation. We have not been accustomed to consider Mr. Bright as too much given to fawning ; but his language with regard to the great Czar reads painfully like that despicable thing and we cannot doubt that ere now Nicholas who knows how to distinguish and reward his friends, has not only translated the letter of the patriotic member for Manchester, but has raced him with the decoration of the Order of the Holy Ghost. If he has not, he is a monster of ingratitude, and does not deserve the allegiance of the Apostles of Peace. For if any characteristic of-that too celebrated document was revolting to Englishmen, and ought to have been gratifying to the Czar, it was the marked difference of the tone and language employed in dealing with the aggressor and his victims. Of the guilt of the former where it was impossible even for Mr. Bright to deny that he had sinned he spoke in the gentlest terms, as of the failings of a favourite son " he could not indeed ap- prove" of the invasion of the Principalities it was a sort of venial indiscretion-an act of youthful impetu- osity, not perhaps defensible, but natural and excusable enough. But when he turned to his own countrymen and their allies, who merely sought to stay the course of this reckless violence and insatiable ambition, he could scarcely find words harsh enough to do justice to his sense of their brutal and blood- thirsty dispositions. The impatient heir presumptive to the coveted dominions, who could not wait till the breath was out of " the sick man's" body, but must need pluck the pillow from his fainting head and poison his last cup of gruel, is treated with respectful tenderness-a tear is dropped upon his " error," and it is forgotten and blotted out for ever. But we have committed the sin for which there is no forgiveness. We have " resisted evil." And, worse than all, while our soldiers are savages, slaughtering those who never did them harm, the Russian troops, who murder our wounded as they lie help- less on the ground, who entreat our men for a draught of water to assuage their sufferings, and then basely shoot in the back the benefactors who have just relieved them, do it out of mere unconquerable nervous- mess-" in their frenzy or their terrorised are to be pitied for their half involuntary act ! And, lastly, we have Mr. Joseph Sturge affirming that the war is the cause of the high price of wheat, and that the frightful carriage of our troops in the Crimea is the chastise- ment of God upon our warlike crimes. And these men call themselves moralists, and dare to denounce upon us the vengeance of Heaven, because we have endeavoured to stand between the conception and the consummation of an enormous wrong, because we have acted in the spirit of the Golden Rule, because we have believed the maxim that He who allows oppression shares the crime. How is it that these self-constituted censors, like most of their tribe, Bant veniam servis, sextant censures Columba's ? How is it that they preachers and professors of the moral law should so utterly have forgotten who first broke the law? Granting that war is a horrible evil and a heinous sins thing to be avoided-a thing to be denounced where does the guilt lie against whom ought the thunders of the honest prophet to be hurled? Against the man who struck the blow, or against the man who simply warded it off ? Who creates a war? He who inflicts a wrong, or he who merely refuses to submit to it No doubt war rouses bad passions, spills innocent blood, curtails the production and supply of food is no doubt there can be no war where there is no resistance : ought we, therefore, to let every robber, every conqueror, every private have his way ? Why is it that Mr. Bright and Mr. Sturge persist in writing as it was and not Nicholas, had caused the war? Why do they so carefully keep out of sight the fact that if we're wrong in incurring bloodshed by defending Turkey, the Czar must be tenfold more wrong in having provoked bloodshed by attacking Turkey ? Why do they deal in those false weights and varying measures. Why do they reserve all their mercy for the criminal, and lavish all their indignation on the sufferer ? Whence comes that strange perversion of sense and sympathy which has made the Apostles of Peace the tools and sycophants of the Great Disturber of the peace of Europe ? What do they design by language which, if it means anything at all means that we ought to have allowed the Emperor of Russia to have his way and to do his will, whatever that will and way may have been. Do they know what sort of a man their pet lamb really is? Do they know that this war is his own special doing, and is nearly as much blamed in Russia as by ourselves that among all classes, except the old Muscovite or Tory party, his ambition is hated and denounced with " curses not loud but deep?" Nesselrode Woronzow, Orloff, all the party of enlightenment and civilisation, see his course with regret and shame. This was what Metternich meant when he told Lord Carlisle that the war would be decided not at St. Petersburg but at Moscow. The truth is that Alexander laboured to inoculate Russia' with European ideas and European cultivation : Nicholas has reversed all this, and ever since his accession has thrown himself into the arms of the oriental, legitimist, backward party in the State ,. and has wasted in Circassian wars and external aggressions the years and the funds which his predecessor would have employed in canals and railroads. The conscripts who fight his battles are not as ours, volunteer defenders of their country : they are torn from their homes, and carried, chained two and two like a gang of negro slaves, to the depot of the regiment whose ranks they are to fill up ; they are sent to shed their lives in an unholy and distasteful cause ; they never see their families again for twenty years, even if they survive ; every drop of their blood or of our blood or of Turkish blood shed on the Danube or in the Crimea, Nicholas has upon his head beyond dispute and without 'denial ; we have it on our consciences merely in as far as we refused the con- summation of a gigantic iniquity which 'cowards and calculators would have induced us to connive at yet this is the man in whose behalf Mr. Bright and Mr. Sturge are not ashamed to soil their fame and their pen. In the name of morality and compassion they declaim against the war in the name of a higher morality and a truer mercy we denounce that false statesmanship and that hollow Christianity which would gloss over the atrocities of the mighty, and calumniate the efforts of the injured. There has been a serious collision between poachers and keepers in the preserves of Mr. Buck, M P., near Bideford. A " navvy," Harry Snell, deliberately fired a gun at the keepers, wounding three : it is feared one will lose an eye. Snell has since been arrested. 