ALLOCUTION OF OUR MOST HOLY FATHER, POPE PIUS IX. PRONOUNCED IN THE SECRET CONSISTORY* 9TH DECEMBER, 1854. [Translation.'] Venerable brothers, Filled with a singular joy, We exult in the Lord, Venerable Brothers, when to-day we be hold, standing in great numbers around Us this day, you whom We can call with truth Our joy and Our crown. You are indeed a portion of those who partake Our labours and Our cares, in feeding that universal flock which the Lord has confided to Our weakness, in protecting and de fendms the rights of the Catholic relio-ion. in adding to it new followers who sprve and adore, in sincerity of faith, the God of justice and truth. What Christ Our Lord said to the Prince of the Apostles, ' Tu aliquando cmversus confirma fratres tuos,' seems then, on the present occasion, to invite Us, who, by the Divine Grace, have been put in his place, notwithstanding Our un worthiness, to speak to you, Venerable Brethren, not to remind you of your duty, or to demand more ardour of you whom we know to be already inflamed with zeal to extend the glory of God but that, fortified as it were bv the verv voice of the blessed Peter, who lives and will live in his successors, and raised up, as it were, in new vi gour, you may be strengthened to labour for the salvation of the flocks which are confided to you, and to sustain the interests of the Church with courage and firmness in the face of all difficulties. Nor, indeed, is it to lie dwubted whose inter cession we should especially invoke with the Hea venly Father of lights, in order that His grace may aid us to speak to you profitably, since you have been assembled around Us to join your'cp nperation to the cares and the zeal that We used to extend the glory of the august Mother of God ; We have, therefore, earnestly supplicated the Most Holy Virgin, her whom the Church calls the Seat of Wisdom, to be pleased to ohtfin for Us a ray of the Divine wisdom which might en lighten Us in order to say to you that which might the better contribute to the preservation and the prosperity of the Church of God. Now, in beholding from the height of this See, which is. as it were, the citadel of religion, the fatal errors which, in these difficult times, disseminate themselves in the Catholic world, it has seemed to ? Us, ttbove all, fitting to point them out .to you, Venerable Brethren, -thaf you may employ all your strength to combat them; you who are constituted the guardians and the sentinels of the louse of Israel. We have still to lament the existence of an impious race of unbelievers who would extermi nate all religious worship, if that was possible for them : and we must count amongst them, before all, the members of secret societies, who, hound together by a criminal compact, neglect no means of overthrowing and destroying the Church and the State by the violation of every law. It is against them, assuredly, that the 'words' of the Divine Redeemer are directed :— ' You are children of the Devil, and you do the works of your father.' If We expect these men, it must be confessed that now-a-days the perversity of the unbelievers generally inspire horror, and'that there is a cer tain disposition of mind shown towards religion and faith. Whether the cause of this may be attributed to the enormity of the .crimes', which, the infidels committed in the last century, and wViU'li nonnlft nannnf riinni virifUswi4.t..,n«.*.UI!_.u ^_ the fear of the troubles and revolvtions which so unhappily disturb the states, and carry misery to the nations, or, in fine, the action 'of that Divine spirit, which breathes where it will, it is evident that the number of the abandoned who vaunt and glory in their unbelief is now diminished; people do not refuse the praise due to uprightness of life and morals, and a feeling of admiration is raised in the souls of men for the Catholic religion, the splendour of which yet shines in all eyes like the light of the sun. That is no small good, Venerable Brethren, and as it were a sort of progress towards the truth ; but there are still many obstacles which turn men aside from cleaving wholly to it, or which, at least, retard them. Amongst those who have to direct public affairs there are many who pretend to favour and profess religion, who lavish their eulogiums upon it, who proclaim it useful and perfectly appropriate to human society, nevertheless they wish to restrain its discipline, to govern its sacred Ministers, to meddle in the administration of holy thin?s ;' in a word, they endeavour to confine* the Church within the limits of the state, to have the mas tery of her, who is, however, independent, who, according to the order of her Divine Founder, cannot be contained within the limits of any em pire, for she is obliged to extend herself even to the extremities of the earth, and embrace in her bosom all peoples and all nations to show them the way of eternal happiness. And, alas! whilst we speak thus to you. Vene rable Brethren, a law has just been proposed in the Sardinian States, which destroys the religious and Ecclesiastical institutions, which completely tramples under foot the rights of the Church, and abolishes them as far as it cj^jftpt^ But We will have to recur another time,4u£J;nis same place, to this grave affair. Heaven grant that those who are opposed to the liberty. of the Catholic religion may recognise at last how much she contributes to the public weal in exacting rrom every citizen the observance of the duties that she makes known to them, according to the heavenly doctrine that she has received ! Heaven grant that they may come to persuade themselves of that which St. Felix, Our Predecessor, wrote in former days to the Emperor Zeno. that ' nothing is more use ful to princes than to leave the Church the free action of her laws; for it is salutary to them when the question is of the things of God, to study to submit the royal will to the Pri«sts of Christ instead of seeking to bend them to that will.' There are also, Venerable Brethren, men dis tinguished for their learning, who avow that reli gion is the greatest of the benefits that God has granted to men, but who have nevertheless so great an idea of human reason, who exalt it so much that they have the madness of equalling it to religion herself. According to the vain opinion of these men, the theological sciences should be treated in the same manner as the philosophical sciences. They forget that the first rely upon -the dogmas or the faith which are most fixed and most certain, whilst the second are cleared up and explained only by human reason, of which no thing can surpass the uncertainty, for it changes according to the diversity of minds, and it is sub ject to numberless errors and illusions. Therefore the authority of the Church once rejected, the field is widely opened to the most difficult and abstract questions, and human reason, too confident in the infirmity of its strength, falls into the most shameful errors, which We have neither time nor wish to recal here ; you know them too well, and you have seen how fatal they have been to the interests of religion and of so ciety. Wherefore it is necessary to show to those men who exalt beyond measure the strength of human reason that they put themselves in direct opposition to that word so true of the Doctor of the natons ; — "If any one believes himself to be anything, whereas he is nothing, he deceives him self.' It is necessary to make them see all the arrogance there is in scrutinising the mysteries that God in His infinite goodness has deigned to reveal to us, and to pretend to reach them and to comprehend them bv the human mind, so feeble and so broken, the strength uf which they greatly overestimate, and which we should, according to the word of the same Apostle, hold captive in the obedience of the Faith. Those partisans, or rather those worshippers of human reason, who take it, as it were for an in fallible mistress — who promise themselves to find under its auspices all sorts of happiness — have, no doubt, forgotten what grave and terrible in jury human nature received from the fault of oar first parents — an injury which has darkened its intellect, and inclined its will to evil. Such is the cause through which the most celebrated phi losophers of antiquity, all of them writing admi rably on many subjects, have contaminated their teaching with the gravest errors ; and hence that continual combat, and which We experience our selves, and which makes the Apostle say : — ' I feel in my members a law which revolts against the law of my spirit.' It is then unquestionable that, by the original sin propagated m all the children of Adam, the light of reason has decreased, and mankind is miserably fallen off from the former state of justice and innocence; that being so, who can believe reason sufficient to attain the truth ? In the midst of so manv perils, and in such great debility of our strength, who can deny thene cessity (or salvation, in order not to stagger and fall, of the assistance of the Divine religion of heavenly grace? This assistance God, in His goodness, gives abundantly to those who ask by humble prayers ; for it is written : ' God resists the proud, and gives grace to the humbie.' Wherefore, turning towards His Father, Christ Our Lord affirmed that the sublime mysteries of the truth are not discovered to the prudent and the wise of this age, who pride themselves upon their genius and their learning, and who refuse to render obedience to the Faith ; but that they are revealed to humble and simple men who place their help and their repose in the oracles of the Divine faith. ? It is necessary that you inculcate this salutary teaching in the souls of those who exaggerate the strength of human reason to the extent oi presuming, by it, to scrutinise and ex plain even mysteries, an undertaking so ridicu lous and mad that nothing can surpass it. Do you endeavour to withdraw them from such great perversivity of mind by making them understand that the authority of the divine faith is the most beautiful gift made by the Providence of God to men ; that it is like 'the torch in the darkness, and the guide which conducts to life ; that it is, in fine, absolutely necessary for salvation, for, ' without faith it is impossible to please God, and he who will not believe will be condemned.' We have learned with grief that another error not less melancholy, is introduced into certain parts of the Catholic world, and has taken pos session of the souls of many Catholics. Carried away to hope for the eternal salvation of all those who are out of the true Church of Christ, they do not cease to demand with solicitude what shall be the fate and condition after death of men who are not submissive to the Catholic faith. Seduced by vain reasonings they make to these questions replies conformably to that perverse doctrine. Far from Us, Venerable Brethern, to lay claim to put limits to the divine mercy, which is infinite ! Far from Us to scrutinise the counsels and mys terious judgments of God, unfathomable depth where human thought cannot penetrate! But it belongs to the duty of Our Apostolic Office to excite your Episcopal solicitude and vigilance- to make all possible efforts to remove from the minds of men the opinion, as impious as it is fatal, according to which people can find in ilHV 1C11'1UII LUC WCM UI CLC11KU OcllVatlUU. JilUlUlUV all the resources of your minds and of your learn' ing to demonstrate to the people committed to your care that the dogmas of the Catholic faith are in no respect contrary to the Divine mercy and justice. Faith orders Us to hold that out of the Apostolic Roman Church no person can be saved, that it is the only ark of salvation, and that whoever will not enter therein shall perish in the waters of the deluge. On the other hand it is necessary also to hold for certain that ignorance of the true religion, if that ign -ranee is invincible, is not a fault in the eyes of God. But who will presume to arrogate to himself the right to mark the limits of such an ignorance, holding in account the various con ditions of peoples, of countries, of minds, and of the infinite multiplicity of human things ? When delivered from the bonds of the body, we shall see God as He is, we will comprehend perfectly Dy wnat aamirauie ana lnaissouioie bona tne Divine mercy and the Divine justice are united; but as long as we are upon the earth, bent under the weight of this mortal mass which overloads the soul, let us hold firmly that whicti the Catho lic doctrine teaches us, that there is .only one God, one Faith, one Baptism : to seek to pene trate farther is not permitted. However, as charity demands, let us pour out before God incessant prayers, in order that, from all parts, all the nations may be converted to Christ ; let us labour, as much as it is in us, for the common salvation of men. The arms of the Lord are not shortened, and the gifts of the heavenly grace are never wanting to those who sincerely wish for them, and who beg for the assistance of that light. These truths should be deeply engraved on the minds of the Faithful, that they may not suffer themselves to be cor 1UJJLCU Uy 1CUOC UWOI-1 1UGO, WIG I'MJClib Ul YVUIULL Jd to propagate indifference in matters of religion, an indifference that we see growing up, and spreading itself on all sides, to the loss, of souls. Do you, Venerable Brethren, oppose, with force and constancy the principal errors by which the Church is attacked in our days, and which We have just explained ; in order to combat and destroy them, it is necessary to have Ecclesiastics who will aid you in this labour. Our joy is great to see the Catholic Clergy neglect nothing, shrinK from no fatigue to accomplish its duties super abundantly. Neither length of voyages, nor their dangers, n-ir fear of the inconveniencies which are inseparable from them, can hinder them from traversing continents and seas to proceed to the most distant regions in order to procure for the barbarous nations which inhabit them the bene fits of humanity and the Christian law. It is also happiness for Us that the Clergy, in the frightful calamity which has ravaged so many places and so many great cities, have ful filled all the duties of charity with such devoted ness, and to the extent of making it an honour and a glory for one to give his life for the salva tion of his neighbour. This fact will make it more and more manifest that in the Catholic Church, the only true one, is always found that beautiful fire of charity which Christ came to bring down upon the earth to burn there without end. We have seen religious women vieing in charity with the Clergy beside the sick, without any fear of death, which a great many amongst them have suffered heroically. At the sight of so much courage even those* who are separated from the Catholic faith have been seized with astonishment, and have not been able to refuse the tribute of their admiration. We have, then, good reason to rejoice, Vene rable Brethren; but, on the other hand, Our soul is penetrated with sorrow on thinking that, in certain places, We find members of the Clergy who do not conduct themselves is all things as the Ministers of Christ and the dispensers of the mysteries of God. The result of this is, that the bread of the Divine Word is wanting in those places for the Christian people, who do not re ceive the nourishment necessary to the true life, and who have lost the use of the Sacraments, the sources of such great efficacy to obtain or to pre serve the grace of God. These Priests should be admonished, Venerable Brethren, and ardently excited to fulfil with care, regularity, and faithfully, the duties of the Sacred Ministry. It is necessary to represent to them all the gravity of the fault of which they are guilty, those who, in this time in which the harvest is so abundant, refuse to labour in the field of the Lord. We ought to exhort them to explain frequently to the Faithful what is the effieacy of the Divine Host to appease God and to turn away the chastisements which the crimes of men deserve ; to remind tnem how important it is to assist at the Sacrifice of the Mass religiously, and in a manner to receive abun dantly the salutary fruits that it produces. As suredly the Faithful will be in certain places more eager for the acts of piety, if they shall receive from the Clergy a more active direction and greater assistance. You see by this, Venerable Brothers, how many seminaries, of which the government will belong to the Bishops alone, and not to the civil power, are now necessary, in order to have worthy Ministers of Christ. You must have great care to form in piety and sound doctrine the young men, the hope of religion, assembled in these establishments, in order that, provided with this double glaive, they may be one day good soldiers to do battle in the combats of the Lord. Whether in the theological sciences, or even for the philo sophical sciences, do not put into their hands any but the authors of approved faith, that they may not find themselves in any manner imbued with opinions little compatible with Catholic doctrine. Thus Venerable Brethren, you will be able to provide for the weal and the increase of the Church. But, in order that our efforts may have happy results, the concord and union of hearts is, above all, necessary. Banish dissensions then ; they break the bond of charity, and the perfidious enemy of our race does not fail to foment them knowing well of what assistance they are to him to enable him to do evil. Let us call to mind the defenders of the Faith in former times ; they triumphed over the most obstinate heresies because they descended into the arena full of courage and of confidence, united, as they were, among them selves and with the Apostolic See as soldiers with their chief. Such are, Venerable Brethren, the things that We are obliged to say to you in Our care and Our solicitude to fulfil the Apostolical Ministry which the Divine clemency and goodness huve imposed upon Our weakness. But We feel elevated and full of courage by hope of heavenly succours ; and the ardent zeal, of which you have given so many proofs, for religion and piety is a support on which We count with confidence in difficulties so great and so numerous. God will protect His Church ; He will incline favourably to our common wishes, more especially if We obtain the intercession and the prayers of the Most Holy Virgin, Mother of God, Mary, whom We have, with the assistance of the Holy Ghost, and to Our great joy, pro Claliueu tsxeiujji nuiu tue aiciiu ut ungiiuu sin in your presence and in the midst of your applause. Certainly it is a glorious privilege and which is fully suited to the Mother of God, to be kept safe and sound in the universal disaster of our race. The greatness of this privilege will serve power fully to refute those who pretend that hum-in nature has not been tainted in consequence of the first fault, and who exaggerate the force of reason to deny or diminish the benefit of revealed religion. May at length the Blessed Virgin, who has van quished and destroyed all the heresies, also efface and entirely overthrow this pernicious error of Rationalism, which in our unfortunate epoih disturbs not only civil society, but which also afflicts the Church so profoundly. Now, it remains with Us, Venerable Brethern, w express 10 you witu wnas consolation, we nave seen you come with eagerness and in a great joy from far distant countries to this Apostolic See, the bulwark of the Faith, the rule of the truth, the support of Catholic unity, and to wish you, with a great zealof love, before your return to your sees, all things happy and salutary. May God, arbiter of all things, and author of all good, give you the spirit of wisdom and of understanding, that you may preserve your sheep from the snares set on every side for their ruin ; and may that good and propitious God confirm with His all-powerful hand what you have already undertaken, 'or maj hereafter undertake, for the advantage of your Churches ; may He give to the Faithful confided to your care such a spirit that they may never seek to remove themselves from the side of the Pastors, but that they may listen to His voice, and hasten everywhere that He shall wish ! May the Most Holy virgin, Immaculate in her Conception, assist you ; may she aid you with faithful counsel in your doubts, sustain you in your anguish; and succour you in your adversities. Lastly, raising Our hands to Heaven, We bless you, with your flocks, from the bottom of Our heart. May this Apostolical Benediction bestowed upon you be then as a certain testimony of Our charity in. your regard; miiy it be as a certain presage of the eternal and 'blessed life that We wish to you all, and to your flocks ; and which we beg of the Sovereign Pastor of souls, Christ Jesus, to whom, as weil as the Father and the Holy ghost, honour, praise, and thanksgiving, for all eternity. 