when (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDE.NT.) until -January Till "We have had a few refreshing sho nora aim) I last wrote, but not enough to fill up our wits refer yes and wells. At present the thermometer Maids at 90 in the shade with scarcely a breath of wind. This is one of those close steamy din, vii chare so peculiarly distressing and of which we have already during the present summer, 1.. 1 sense the., year nr""nri;"n 1 hear very many opinions expressed here Al to the late outbreak at Ballaarat, its caressed Js results, but I doubt whether, even yet then at it is thoroughly understood among us M; own impressions, formed from a careful perusal of the various reports on this unfortunate matter are these -It seems unquestionable that the leaders in the late revolt were either turbulent im eignere or unprincipled demi gogues men who would recklessly overturn the whole fabric of society, to serve their own ends liutitscemi a really clear, I think, that there must have been a degree of petty tyranny long exercised about gold fields, which has created a pre deposition to aid in an appeal to force on the pans of those whose moral perceptions were not sufficiently; clear to see the folly and the w wickedness of such a course It is a fair inference to be drawn from these disturbance, and their present results that the feelings of loy alt), and the love of order are far too strong among the Australians properly so called either by birthoradoption, toarloratbi slightest chance of success in any sudden rcTolUi library movement, although set on foot hymn, the most popular 'Anarchists and under apparently, the most favorable circumstances, but it seems by no means so clear to me as it I) assumed to be by others, that the suppression of the revolt has been followed by the establishment of a feeling of perfect contentment with the powers that be, and by indications; that a person at not support of these powers can be relied upon I would be induced to think from my recollection of the Jlclbourmtcs that although they might condemn the revolt, they would be inclined to sympathize to a great extent with the main body of the revolters, and that the blood which has been shed will have the same effect in spreading a reef got discontent against the present system of administration, that similar sacrifices time In spreading the doctrines of a new religion It seems to me that unless there be a reform of the most sweet ing nature, so as even to anticipate complaints there will be such a predisposition agitate for separation from the parent country that the organization of a regular system of air ration with this view will be comparatively easy, if it be undertaken by competent men and it I a% orable time This is a question which I should like to see discussed in a spirit of boldness iii co under such as its importance demands You are slightly wrong in your facts as to the location of the present Governor General 1 set rd his commissions road, and as far as ray in memory serves me (and, although I feel by no means sure upon this point, I can scarcely I think be mistaken), there were but two of them There was a commission as Captain general and governor in chief of the territory of New South "V i les and its dependencies, and vice admiral of the same, and a commission as Gov vernor Gene all other Majesty s Australian possessions. 0.1 o visit of Sir Charles Fitzroy to Van Diemen! Land was made before his assumption of the Governor Generalship II made afterwards The mint, I conceive, nominally at least, June assumed the local administration while he was resident in ^ an Diemen's Land for this power was vested in him not as governor of that Colony, but as Governor General Bal from what have observed on the policy of Sir Charles I have no doubt w hatch or that he would never have dreamt of any real interference I repeat, that as to this matter of the Commis- sioners I feel by no means certain, and I havent at present, time to make inquiries but everyone in alluding to this material turn your atten tion to the fact, that the Governor Generalship 26oz give to Sir "W ill am Denison i plea for creating a surveillance over join local admirers lien-it not a light to do SO Hearing in mind the past policy of Sir W Albanians effects upon "a reform- I need no assurance to satisfy me that he must be the roLE dy lined throughout the length and breadth or the land and as he must be conscious of this, he will never I should imagine be so massive, as to come among you for the [the pen of excite ing any ] elective LOW cheque: trouble or unquestionable It is well however, 11 at even bare possibilities should be. is of ed well in the face and for the exercise of attempted excused an indirect influence you must I think be fully prepared Su M Tahara Denison is not the man to forget ' old obligations or to abstain from cxcicisiygany prerogative which clearly vested in him, however odious that crease may be ino Tremearne co-respondent's the codfish in aid expresses a wish that the Sydney W vvculdjom in the plan of steam communication with Australia, which is advocated by the IM elbow he Chamber of Commerce As to th' perused the two lines I will not enter, but I can assure him in all sincerity that there s not the ghost of a change of any such union, desirable as it unquestionably is llicMelbourne pi opie of course will never think in giving Wai eau those of Sydney are equally oLMinute, pat t cularly as there is every probability that unM higher Jonathan has lost his energy, they Kill every speedily get exactly what they want A superb cup, of which you may find a du rp even in this morning's Herald, has been imposed by the 'W Woolloomooloo, and will be sailed soil is e 26th Here is the result in the more vigorous 11 d honest administration of the regatta to" Jet year, and that superior vigor and honesty is attributable to the severe moral kicking what was administered to the regatta committee a life An operation in which I have the sale faction of remembering that 1, as your correspond, dent took rather an active part to the Bay unjust at the time of some of your SyonjJ Eub'cnbcrsvvho were members of this commit One of this mornings papers reprints, BJ following paragraph amongst its Melboune extracts.-. ..,.. Awcii MHUTFI SKOTEXCE-Robert Taylor evils 'of the Keen (creek, was lined yesterday, by! KJttrict Court, the sum of 40, with 55 costs making use of disgusting language Main's neighbor. Mr. Price, J.P., expressed regret that he had it not in his power to inflict imprisonment, or he would certainly have done so. His worship . expressed his determination in every case of this kind which came before him to inflict the highest penalty which the swallowed. The fine and costs were immediately paid. > Here, this follow could have been imprisoned. Silo vagrancy laws under which offences of this nature are dealt with, although liable to many abuses, are still found to effect a great deal of good. People are beginning to be very impatient about the Madras, although her time is not up until Friday, she was expected to arrive much earlier, and it is hoped that she will bring some thing definite from the seat of war. Mr. and Mrs. Waller and Mr. Tuthill, our old favorites, are to take the lead at the " Prince of Wales, Mr. Wyalt's.Ncw Theatre, which opens on the 20th. 