NOTES UPON CRICKET. I I see in tho last Number bf (bo Hiview, | " WIDE BAIL," in. hid chapter on Cricket, isl surprised at my not having noticed th« usual 6 laxity or occasional ignorance of tbeumpires of g india. . I think, however, if he hnd rend all g tho chiiplors of my «.' Cricket Glances and Hani- E niscencet," he would have found a few strictures fe on tbeso gentry and their unwarrantable liber- I ties with thc laws and customs of the noblo fc game. . Vido the instance of that notable indi- g vidual, who would insist ttpon a ball pitched | wldo of the crease being nwldo bnll,- further I pointing to a couple of smnll pieces of paper | stuck in thc ground to murk thc definition of a ». "wido bnll!" This occurred nt.Jullnndur, in w the year 1851. This ÍB one of. thc most common | mistakes to be mel with muong umpires, nainely, | that the enmso is tho mark of.n wide bull, and | ns far as I cnn make out,, it originates from ibo | fact of there being, or having been such n rule | (by private agreement of course) nt various | schoolf, &c;, in -."England, for want ol' a better | means of determining a wldo ball, lt is almost | needless lo observe ? that no such rule ever ob- | tained in tlie "Bules of Cricket," and timi Ibo t Bole definition of a wide ball (anil an excellent | one it .IP) is "out of Ihe reach of- the batsmen."! If un, umplro cnnnol judgo what distance n | bntsmnncan cover with bis bat, without moving | from his position, he must, be a muff, nnd un-§ worthy, of his station, in the "game. Wltnt is, | r really difficult ror an ampire to judge, «The question of «leg befare wicket.", Jfr is Ëritt a proverb at cricket, that no man In his ' ««.« üiiimon was ever yet out .«'leg Iwfore °*Lt ." and U really ls very difflcuU to judge. mom Udl pitch straight? aud wouUJ.it, if i stopped in its coursa by any p-.rt cf, tho. "i iv or tho strikor, except of cóurso. his hands, I* charo tho sumo ns hts bat, have hit thu . "kel * That is what tho umplro has to. decide ffl^n Iftboball ls stoppedbythoman'a&y.thoro; lt to belittleorno diffleulty In deciding, but. ' °ien it hits the batsman's Ghost or arms, or ' fml then comes thc rub ! I havo, seen, many . ÜÜn 'short men, who, stand in a crouching posi i nn with bead.and nook bont, given out, " head 'Se" Vov instance, a slow ball from a hiuvlcrwith ahigh delivery, may get up quickly nil strike a man on- tho sido pf. the head, and " ÏLKJII tho hoad may bo above, the. level of the i'mrket vet it :may.very,pos8iblo..bo giren,out ?>! Ävaeood umpire,- who knows that tbpball from r»-1 ti slow puce would bo dropping at tho timo.it. ii ^ac)j ti,c head, and therefore would havo taken Í ^A^airtl'a batsman.:plays forward at a well \- niicicd ball, which, rising rather ¡qnicker than I ; il had calculated, takes himon tho arra between I *,tow tt"a hand. . If the ball would have taken \ JL wicket, this is of course out, though an igno t umpire would: probably ¿not .knpw.it, and I *louia stare, if asked the question by the bowler; i Tiere is n vulgar though erroneous, idea among £- nany players, that tha.docision -ofttho umpire fc'îâ final -without, appeal. This ie a mistaken 'w¿a His decision is ttnal, if consistent with j ,i,e laws of cricket, .but -no umpire con give a f decision in direct opposition to law. Foe instance ii latdy saw an umpire; appealed to in a.leg *f kfore wicketcasc, when.the ball bowled : by iv 1 'misting "under-hand bowler hit the bntsmnns' '- L'after twisting in about acouple of feet. Tho s 'umpire gavo him out. »Very odd," said tho V tatsman, "are you sure'it. pitched- straight," I 1 '»Ob ; dear, no,*' responds, ignoramus,, "but it I would have hit thc wicket, and therefore you 1 * are out." " Not so quicks Mr. Umpire," replies ? "Mr. Bat, "look at tho rule by which, you will \ee that the ball mu.?' pitch straight ta consti * tote a case." .Here tho batsman was clearly not f "out, and (ho umpire, incompetent. Had tho latter , replied, that in bia opinion the-ball did pitchi ((night, then ont the Strieker must have, gone, ¡vhclhcr the decision, was. righter. wraug,-but no <f umpire's "/iii" is valid when directly opposed ii" lo the laws. . . '_...-...! P Thc late celebrated Court Martial at Simla cave us a good deal bf cricket in its proceed-; lb lora, and most of it was ora very, queer, sort.1 p'Oue witness aBbrdod ino rio ènd'of amusement; by his stating "that he had learnt cricket . at' *'Mjtagby, and yet did,not'know th/it there was I' ruell a man nt cricket us Captain !of;lhe çlcvon ï j ' J should scarcely think that ¡this individual re- ] In ferred to 'the'publie' school of Rugby as' tho p-'iceno of bte carly, cricket lessons, for at no I F place more than nt a public sohool is the, office \ of Captain of the cloven more rigidly, kept up' and enforced. But not one pf. thc. witnesses' oa this famous trial knew anything of cricket ; (by their answers at least! except S--y, of * tue 52nd (though " small blame" to him con- sidering lie was in' tho Eton eleven). I^one 'recognised thc power and authority br tho' Captain of nn eleven, nor acknowledged its i -lrutility. I should, Uko to see tho Eleven of | {??England playing against Kent or Lords, .with, li'out a Captain, or Manager," which is a term' ??a!?o used! By the new rules passed this year, I cTery eleven in a match are directed to choose a | fmanuger, who decides any point referred by (ho foiipositu side, places and directs the field and, If'in fact, conducts thc whole proceedings of a f.gamo. Not that this is any thing now, for I never in my lifo played in or saw ¿ maloh ijihyed without a Cnptain or Mannger of the Ifiile, but now it is laid dorçn by law, which lbw .was.ia force when the .memorable match! . was played at Annaudalo. Ono' witness says /that the oldest members of the Club were jnever cotisultcd about Colonel ? Markham's ?Ving Captain-as if they, if not playing at the [time, had anything to say to it! Thc Captain lb always chosen by,., tho eleven itself, who .pince themselves under.his command for the .day or the match. In; most Clubs there is ono 'jm-liiHilar man who is always recognised as t'.Captain and Manager, not from him being '^absolutely the best player, nor from seniority, ?i'but because by experience, knowledge of the "V-ne, and general position-he is the person . best fitted for tlieotlico. Thus Mr. W. Nicholson j.'li at present recognised as the Manager of the .-.'England eleven nt Lords, when Kent, Sussex, 5jÑrrcy. Nottingham, or nny other- great county 1<Wng their forces against "All England." So my time Roger .¿yauston, Esq., was always ;iibs Manager ol' , the All England sido, aukiiow Mged so by bis excellence as a player, bis tact '?lü experience in thc game, and his position us ".Swetary of the M. C. C.. ..Yet he was, by no 'nuns the best player in the England elevens of tilt day, when Charles G-. Taylor, Box, Bushby, lia; and Redgate formed the "loading opposi- tion" against the then mighty Kent eleven. In 'iliis position Colonel Mnrkham'nppears lo have ib.vu at Simla, and from, what I know of him at cricket, I should say that ho-was thc best r.an for Captain in that particular .match, when lite » row" took place. If hu was recognized by ihn eleven as their Captain, if he -placed tho ¿Jil and bud the management of the sido in feiwrul, tln-n I should say that bo had as Cap- tain or thc eleven, the power of choosing or re i-.üitguny ol' the players. Tba witnesses on iii; trial in question nppeur to consider the ricket field in the light ol'a republic, and that .edi individual player is to do as ho ,pleases ! Xever were they more .mistaken. Discipline is i*.~M!liiil in an eleven ; I hu Captulu's word is law. Mix, in bis book, when describing .tho perfect disciplino observed ia thc Kent .eleven, when Weuman was (lie manager ol' tho side, says, that .ilio players were accustomed.to move across tho tód or to shirt their positions ul tim Bound of a ; rtisper or Ibo beck of thc finger of thc Captain. Such proceedings would rather uslouish the I gKitlcnmn who, in giving his evidence at Simla .raid that the " term Captain was new to him!" . lt is a groat pity, that-.thc matches played.,ut iimla during August audSoptotuhur wore never .(»ported in the papers,- .Ipr from tho litany ex .celicnt players engaged i n^ftr, they raiuthayo í l«n wry iiilei-esting^aiuláKíícrcstiiirtmaMÍés flt cricket should be pubnHk&yi; a maffor of «¡irse. In a Club where tnSrHfeiJSeriiX'lury, ?'Ms is a p,n t or his duty, and ought oh no ac- count io bo neglected. "NVUIH. .BAU . to wi.uaj I ulludud before, complains with ?Rt cause ubouI thc. number of mutches in India ucvor ployed out. This is a crying ovil in n Muutt-y where all have plenty ,of leisure timo .wr all sports lu tho cold weather. The only remedy appears to mc lo bo this : Make every flayer w|io cinum.oiices. n match, undertdaud '.in lie binds himself thereby to play through ii. cr if pi- evented by ¡Unos», duty, &c.;, to find asnbstitute. If the match bo .not finished, 'tis ware, in one day, the second. day]to be.dccided K' Ute majority of the players, to which decision .»'Uro bound. It is very poor fun, and no tricket beginning matches without any chancó « mitsldug timm. .Two days should always bo ?itou-cil Tor every match, but when this is not «M« previously to thc match hoing commenced, wwi the only practicable method appears to mo i ' bc thc above. Winn BAIL ls also justly so weoi, players treating their, engagements ns .«i to ho kept or broken at pleasure. An en- fument made to play in a cricket mntch should w Just as binding us one of tho most Berious kind -an invitation to dinner with a party or eight lualancc-and n transgressor Wioùld .bo held to public reprobation and scorn. The most i 'rant case in this way I ever knew happened Jiussoorio, "once upon a time," when a liad agreed to go fr jin. that place, und .. n mntch with tho Deyroh eleven (llftcen distant.) Tho day was llxod, tho ground into order, limn ordered,. and tho Dey rah Wn at the Bcruloh, but alas! no Mussooricl jomed issue " .Tho cause ot non-attend nLf ill?-orwardB cxplijiued, was that a grand 'TÍi "a,vl?S been got up subsequently to. tho I "1Ul -hoing llxcd, thc Jfussooriû I \- thc chicken bones at tho picnic did no/ ili,."'inyor 1,10 offnudlng party, nor did any 111m go over the kkud on. their way horne, 'a good truth, tho apathy and indolence of Î. u*'} 1'ubUo is enough to ranko j ttl uv}[ .U0t lLe ^"owlng in England, »let it bo heard ut Lords! A regiment not 100 year* ago, arrived at a .well known large statin« HOC ¡1000, mile» from Delhi. I On their arrival there, having several cricketers I amongst them, anil Railing that there was no Station cricket club in existence (!) they set to work naturally to-start-ono. Lo- omi behold! on tho paper containing ' the proposition going round, it Was returned with a list of subscribers, tho numbers of whom raov bo judged from tho fact that tho majority of names down wore thoso of tho regiment who started the project ! .This in a Station containing one of the largest, if not the largest force in the country ! But the answer returned by one of tho regiments ia ex- cuso of not subscribing to a Station club, deserves to be recorded os a refinomcnt of humbug rarely met with. " Oh, we have our regimental cricket club, why should we join a .Station club."' " Damn your, 'regimental club J"- I ' should have felt iaeliriéd - to respo'na^mindful of tho very apropos .nnd similar answer'to tho'Simla blusterer's'kind oO!er of "satisfaction^ to his :" Captain." -But it is an'extraordinary fact how lev* station clubs .there- are'among the lngre'stations "of India. Muny-of those-have no clubs, and- go on yiiar after year without getting them. up. Reform your ways; ¿ll ye criketers, iii this^.ns in .other; respects !; Let no large station-'be without Its' club, tind ho- week during, tho cold weather be wl.thöu.t its match. » Give two days ;¿at least to every match, make, your umpires- acquainted ¿with the laws of cricket and your1 players with' the true spirit and prcatico of the g_ame.! 'Always choose competent Captains! don't- be surprised if they exercise, their right as such-in deciding who is añd -whó is hot lo'piny-on their side, nor, if they pitch into the " d-^-d'bad'-'-umpires BO often met with, both tit Simla and otlicr plncesj Keep youir temper on these occasions, ditto your bats, straight when playing- "a ripper," and. yóiir "leftshoulders'forwnrd."' So you will'-goj on and prosper .".-Indian Sjipriing Review* ,A PBOFITABI.E, BUSINESS.-Robert Forbes, ln ¿lie employ'of-Wiïtidin Nash.-gold broker, King- sfred, appeared beforo^Messra. ' Ross and Rat-' tray.'to'answer- nn information laid by: Thomas Mitchelson, Inspector of Weights and,Measures for having on thc fl th instant used an unstamped weight in purchasing-gold, Messrs. Nichols and Cory eonductèd'the prosecution, and Mr; Robcta tho defence. It'appea'red from the-evidence' pf Paul Piirt'ello; who described himself as a- gojd digger, that a day or two prior.to tho' 9th,: ho ofl'erod some gold for sale; at Mr. Nash's office in King-street.' Tho gold was weighed by.Forbes who said there were, three ouuçes ; .'Pártüllo rè-j fused - tb sell it, arid suspecting that there-was some fraud, took it to Inspector Mitcherson, .who; found thnj; it. weighed 4. ounces 'll jgrains i it was thou- arranged that Portollo should again offer the gold for sale ; ? he accordingly returned to tho shop, nnd the weight of the gold was again declared to be 3 ounces;, a dispute oc- curred, and Forbes or Nash, who. was .present,' then offered paymont for-4'. Ounces ; Mitchelson; entered the office, nud Forbes immediately on' seeing him, threw, the weights lout of the scale into a drawer ; tho whole of tho'.weights wcre; -examined and .-twenty-seven were .seized,, of which twelve- were heavy-'and. fifteen light; the one used by thc-defendant was un- stamped, for which he was ordered turpay- a '.fino; of £30 together with £5 Ss, coats,.or in default to.be imprisoned in Darlinghurst gaol for tlirco months'.-William'Nash was then charged with huving in his possession, twelve weights heavier than the standard ; troy weight, with intent to defraud in the purcboso of > -gold, and fifteen light wcightB to defraud in thu: salo of gold. Mr Brenan appeared in- dofenoe: In- spector Mitchelson proved the seizure of tho weights; - and called tho attention of the Court to one, »which was in -size and appearance, an eight ounce weight, hut was in fact tea ounces. The hearing of tho cases occupied the greater part of the-day; the -witnesses being tested by a,.severo cross examination. . Several 'legal objections. were, taken to tho : information by Mr. Brenan, but were over- rulcd¿ At. th« couclusioti, thc Beach considered that both cases were fully proved, -and fined the defen- dant in two penalties of £50, with £5 5s. costs, or three months imprisonment for each offence The bench, regretted that it WOB not -in-their .power lo inflict a punishment more-commen- surate with the gross and! daring character of thc fraud; and considered that the public was .greatly, indebted, to the- zeal. of' Inspector Mitchelson in-exposing the imposition. Thc .wieghts were, forwarded, audi in each instance, half the penalty will go to tho informer and half to tho Crown. Copies of thc deposition, were applied for hy thc attorneys for thc defence.' -. ' . . ».. ' . ' . PAKT OP TUB BODY O» A M AN Fonwn.-i-Oii Sunday, tho 10th 'Jurie instant, about five miles above Raymond Torrnco, a farmer's wife found a cossack.boot wushed tip from tho river, shortly lifter the steamer had passed, and on examination! the foo: and part of tho log of a mau was found in it. Tho boot wus made, of kip or strong calf- skin. Inquiries havo been instituted by the con-, stables for tho purpose of discovering whether any person is missing, and tho hoot is in tho cus- tody of tho chief constable of Raymond Tcrrnco for the inspection of parties who wish to seo it. Mail'and Mercury. 