HAND TO HORN STRUGGLE WITH A WOUNDED DEER. (from the New York Monthly Magazine.) "Hark! Do you hear that?" It was a splendid chorus. The clear pure air of the October morning, undisturbed by any other sound, save the deep monotone of Roaring brook, gave every voice distinct and ringing as a bell. High and clear above all came the silvery tones of Little Three-legs ; then the deep bay of the mastiff, chiming wel with the shrill yelps of Fly and tho young one. I have heard many quartettes in my time, but never one that stirred my blood more than this. "Hark, again! Was that Abel's rifle or Archy's?" .. Archy's, certainly," said I, for I had staid with Newell tobe near the horses in case of their being frightened. " Abel's ia further up." Whosesover it was it had not stopped the deer, for presently the long bound of some animal was heard in the copse above. Some forty rods further up from us was a brief opening in the woods, forming a beau tiful little glade, with here and there a small pine growing. It was in this we first caught sight of our game, as the run-way was di- rectly through it. What a magnificent sight! a seven-years-old buck, in the prime and vigour of his strength. Not yet fatigued hy the length of the chase, wearing more the air of surprise than fright, his antlers laid gently back upon his neck, his standard raised, and all his colours flying, he bounded on as if spurning the ground with his hoofs, and conscious of untiring speed, I shouted in ecstacy. " Hush," said Newell, " Not a word, or he'll shoot the track." He brought his rifle to the cock, and waited for the buck to clear the woods, the distance from where we stood to the river being about ten rods of grass plat. On he came. Oh, it seemed a sin to take the life of so noble a creature. Newell raised his rifle to his shoulder, and as the deer gave the last bound from the bank of the stream, aimed at his neck, and fired. From the sudden turn of the deer's head, as he struck the water, it was evident he was hit. He gave two or three short jumps into the ripple, and fell. The Sheriff heard the report, and, as could see from his station that the deer had fallen, hastened up. The buck lay motionless in the water, and slowly float- ing down the river, which was about knee deep. As Newell was getting advanced in years, lie, being elad in long fishing-boots, offered to go in and cut the animal's throat, The bullet had struck just at the root of the horn, on the side of the head, and had stopped there, consequently the deer was only stunned» not killed. L- drew his hunting-knife' and proceeded to cut his throat. The first gash, which let a little blood, revived him at once, and he was on his feet in an instant ; and now commenced one of the most exciting encounters it was ever my fortune to witness. It is well known that an old stag at bay is one of the most savage of animals. Ho lowered his head, and made a lunge at his enemy. L-'s only safety was to catch him by the horns and force bis nose under water by his own weight. But this could not last long, as the deer's struggles were powerful. He next attempted to hold him by one horn, and use the knife on the back of his neck. The result of this expeiment was, that he was landed about six feet off, with the whole front part of his clothing torn trom his body, and his knife lost. The deer made another spring at him, with the intent to put his fore-feet on top of him as he lay in the water and trample him. This he evaded by a sudden spring, and again succeeded in grasping him by both horns. Thus they struggled and floundered, sometimes one un- der water, and then the other, for some twenty minutes. Meantime the dogs had run in, and the mastiff at once carne to the rescue. Unfortunately the water was just that depth in which man and deer could stand, but the dogs could not touch bottom. It was all they could do to stem the current, to say no- thing of fighting. It was getting to be a serious matter. One of the prongs of the antlers had been broken, and left a blade like point as sharp as a needle. On this the Sheriff had seriously torn his hand in the beginning of the fight, and was losing some blood by it. He shouted to Newell to fire at the deer, but so sudden and rapid were their movements that the old gentleman was afraid to shoot, being as likely to Mt one as the other. As for myself, I was a mere boy, and they had been gradually getting into deeper and swifter water than I could stand in. I could do no manner of good, and stood on shore, amid the barking dogs, excited and speechless. Again the deer's nose was forced under water for a minute, and agaiu with a mighty effort he raised his antagonist with a lunge that rolled them together in the stream. L-felt his strength failing, but he also knew that his life was at stake. Early in the battle he had fought from a feeling of pride, and to save the venison, as there would be no chance of killing it now if the buck got away. Now, had he let go. and made for shore, the chances were the deer would trample him before he reached the bank. At this critical moment Archibald arrived, He had heard Newell's gun, and, not hearing another, had taken it for granted the game was quietly killed, and strolled leisurely back. Seeing the real state of the case at a glance, he plunged into the stream, drew his knife, cut the animal's ham-strings at a blew, and ended the fight. Both were drawn ashore-the deer dead, and L-perfectly exhausted. A draught from a black bottle, dug from the depths of the mysterious basket, soon put all parties to rights, saving the torn hands and habili- ments of the Sheriff. He was a sorry sight to see. Not a single garment was left in its integrity, whilst the old broad-brimmed beaver, which ad served him for years as hat, umbrella, and drinking-cup, and landing net, as occasion required, had been floated off and sunk. * » » " Squire," said Abels to the Sheriff, " I'll bet the venison you can't hit the yaller bird top of that mullen." "Not now; my hand's too lame to shoot. Archy can !" " Yes," said Archy, " if Harry will lend me his gun." The rifle was a Caswell, made at Lansing burg, the only manufacturer northern bun. ters in those days thought capable of boring a decent barrel. The bird was a good ten rod distant, and the ball a hundred and twenty to the pound. He slowly drew sight on the little fellow, as he said, " I'll not kill him, but I'll cut his legs off." The bird plied his little wings as he fired, flew round and round, tried in vain to alight, but could not, and at last, wearied and bleeding, fell to the earth, both legs missing, We were all astonished. "Well, Archy," said the Sheriff; " That beats my shot, when you held the chip for me to split at twenty-five rods." By this time the lengthening shadows of the mountain were drawing toward us, and we harnessed up tor home. And thus ended our day's sport on the banks of the Bouquet HUMOURED EXPEDITION AGAINST ODESSA. Letters of the 8tb, receivtd hy the ludas, say : -" It is rumoured that an expedition against Odessa has already Bailed, and that the Turks will advance from the Dobrodscha, with Anglo French reinforcements, and tho Kooperation of a formidable flotilla." VALUE OP A BIT OP PUDDING.-It is extra- ordinary how fond many people are of run- ning after monstrosities and sights of horror, Some time ago we had half London rushing to see that miserable idiot, Oxford, who, in- stead of being whipped at the cart's tail, was consequently led to imagine himself a hero. " In England," as that amusing scamp, Trin cula, has it, " when they will not give a doit to assist a lame beggar, they will lay out ten to see a dead Indian." Half a century back, it was the fashion amongst people of condi- tion, to make parties of pleasure, to go and spend a morning among the unfortunate inmates of Bedlam. A gentleman of my ac- quaintance once had a narrow escape during a visit of this sort. He went with a large party to see Bedlam, and after having visited many of the patients, they were invited to enter a room tenanted by a very dangerous subject ; one of the most ferocious patients at that time tenanting the hospital. This un- happy person, however, could at times be as gentle, to all appearance, as a lamb ; whilst, perhaps, the next moment, he was capable even of springing upon his keeper, if alone, and strangling him in an instant. The visi- tors were admitted to a sight of this person, under escort of several keepers, and they conversed for some time with him, with con- siderable satisfaction, as he appeared a clever and intelligent person. Whilst they did so, my friend, who, from curiosity, had entered a small dressing-room, or closet, in the apart- ment, on re-entering the room, beheld the door closing upon his party, and himself for- gotten. He was about to spring forward and pull open the door, when the madman in an instant anticipated his movements, and plac- ing his back against the door, confronted the visitor ; and the pair stood for some moments staring at each other, without uttering a sentence. The situation of the A'isitor was sufficiently alarming. It was something like being caged with a tiger. Whilst the eye of the maniac remained fixed upon the visitor, the latter heard the retreat- ing footsteps of his party, as they gradually died away in the distance. Suddenly, as the madman continued to glare upon the visitor, he executed a most ghastly grin, and putting his hand into his bosom, drew from beneath his waistcoat a sharp knife, which, doubtless, ho had managed to secrete there. His first purpose seemed mischievous. He swayed his body to and fro, like some beast, just about to spring. And had the visitor relaxed the steady look he kept upon the very pupils of the dreadful eyes opposed, his throat would doubtless have been gashed from ear to ear in an instant. To call out, would probably have but anticipated matters, and feeling that a few moments would be all he could endure of this scene, the visitor began to consider his life as spanned. Suddenly, how- ever, as the left hand of the madman fumbled nervously in his waistcoat-pocket, he dis- covered something which changed the cur- rent of his thoughts, He drew from his pocket the substance he found there, cut it in half with his knife, and springing upon the astonished visitor, thrust the portion be- tween his teeth like a bolus. " Have a bit of pudding," he said, with a diabolical grin, as he munched the remaining piece he had reserved for himself, and which was, most probably, a small remainder of the hard dumpling he had saved from his dinner. Whilst the visitor, in no small trepidation, continued to work his jaws, in accompani- ment to the madman's, he suddenly heard hasty footsteps approaching, and the door being unlocked, the head keeper, pale as a ghost, rushed into the room. "My good Sir," he said, as he seized the visitor by the arm, and thrust him out into the passage, "how could you be so indiscreet'J' it's a miracle you were not torn to pieces. Whilst within these walls I beg you will keep with your party." It is unnessary to say that my friend promised to do so, and as he had no wish again to owe his life to a little piece of pudding, he quickly got outside the walls of Bedlam.-Curling's Recollections of the Mess table and the Stage. THIRSK.-SALE OP A WIFE.-The anti- quated and disgraceful farce of selling a wife has taken place at Thirsk within the past few days. A blooming young woman, the wife of Mr. W. Marshall, of Wombleton, near Kerby-Moorside, was led in a halter to the cross, and there sold for the sum of 2s. 6d., to a Knight of St. Crispin. Mr. Marshall was 64 years of age when he was married, and Mrs. Marshall only 19. They, however, continued to live happily together for 1(1 years, but he finding that those infirmities so natural to old age were rapidly increasing, it was agreed between them that the knot which had joined them in wedlock for so long a period should be severed. They ac- cordingly left Wombleton for Thirsk, the place appointed for the sale, and stopped at the Boyal Oak Inn, where an agreement was drawn up. They then repaired to the cross, where she was sold to Mr. John Webster, of Oswaldkirk. The same day the purchaser thus publicly advertised his bargain :-"Pur- chase of a Wife.-I, John Webster, shoe- maker, of Oswaldkirk, do hereby declare that I have purchased Mary, the wife of William Marshall, of Wombleton, near Kerby-Moor side, at Thirsk Cross, this day. Signed W. Marshall; the mark ^ of Mary Marshall, John Webster. Witnesses, Henry Kudd, William Chapman.-Thirsk, July 11,1855. Leeds Mercury, July 10. ELOPEMENT.-On Tuesday week a glass man, named Christopher Mustard, manager in Fenwick Wearmouth, left his wife and family, and eloped with a keelman's wife, known as " Dandy Hannah." The couple were traced to have left Newcastle by the Carlisle Bail way, en route for Liverpool, whence they in- tended to emigrate to America. On Friday last Sergeant M'Intyre, an active and intelli- gent officer of the Sunderland police, was despatched after them, with a warrant for the apprehension of Mustard. On arriving at Liverpool he found that there were six different immigrant vessels about to sail for New York. He therefore obtained the assist- ance of a Liverpool detective officer. They went on board each of the ships in prosecu- tion of their search, but without success; the fugitives could not be found. Learning aftenvards that an American vessel, the Emerald Isle, commanded by Captain Cor niss, had sailed that day with emigrants for New York, the officers then hired a steam boat, and went out in pursuit of her. About thirty miles from land they overtook and boarded the Emerald Isle ; and, sure enough, here they found poor Christopher Mustard and his (?) lady standing on the quarter-deck, the warrant presented, and the prisoner, pale and trembling, secured. The lady seemed afraid also of being left alone on board the vessel. She went below, crying very much, brought up the family hammock, ana threw it on board the steamer the officers had come in. The prisoner went down below to get his chests unloosed; but he shortly after- wards returned to the deck with a brightened countenance, the captain following him, and ordering the officers to quit the ship. " Quit the ship ! Aye, but with the prisoner. The captain, surely, would not encourage such immorality. The man has abandoned his wife and family." The captain thought that was not his affair. Was Mustard willing to return to England, or would he go to America? Mustard-"I will certainly not leave the vessel if you (the captain) will protect me. The captain (in the voice of a stentor, only shriller, from the strong Yankeeism of his dialect)-" Then, as I am an American, I will protect you. I sail under the American flag ; I am now on the high seas ; and I'm blest if there's a law in England can touch a hair of your head while you sail under the stripes and stars of the States !" Seasoning against this was beyond question. Can any of our lawyers tell us whether the captain is " blest ?" Suffice it, the officers thought their warrant had no jurisdiction ; if it had, it would apparently have mattered little ; and accordingly they left the vessel, and returned homewards, the fugitives proceeding on- ward on their voyage, under the protection of the " Great Republic."-Stockton Mercury. A CANDID CONFESSION.-Among the tradi- tions of Westminster Hall is one of a certain Serjeant Davy, who flourished some cen- turies back, in a darker age than the present. He was accused, once upon a time, by his brethren of the coif, of having degraded their order by taking from a client a fee in copper; and on being solemnly arraigned for his offence in their common hall, it appears from the unwritten reports of the Court of Com- mon Pleas, that he defended himself by the following plea of confession and avoidance : " I fully-admit that I took a fee from him in copper, and not only one, but several ; and not,only fees in copper, but fees in silver; but I pledge my honour as a sergeant that I never took a single fee from him in silver until I had got all his gold, and that I never took a single fee from him in copper until I had got all his silver-and you don't call that a degradation to our order?" CHINESE INN DINNERS.-AS it is customary to commence by drinking tea, and amusing yourself with little trifling dainties, the cooks (or, to give them a more stately and appro- priate appellation, the " mandarins of the kettle") have time for their culinary operations. They bring the di-hes ordered in the most ostentatious manner, and when the waiters of the establishment put down the dishes before the guests, they sing out their names in a loud voice, so as to be heard by every one. This plan, as may be supposed, is found very useful in exciting the vanity of the guests, and inducing them to ask for expensive things, that perhaps they would willingly have done without if they had been dining in private. When the repast is finished, the head waiter of the hotel comes to the door, and commences a kind of song, of which the subject is the nomenclature of the dishes, and the burden, the sum total of the expenses. When the guests go out-and this, it must be owned, is a critical and solemn moment-those who have dined economically depart with an humble and contrite air, aud try to avoid the notice of the company ; while the Chinese lords, who have eaten sumptuously, and of high-priced viands, march out with their pipes in their mouths, their noses in the air, and casting proud and disdainful glances on all around. If the fashion were adopted in the taverns of Europe, of proclaiming aloud what everybody had taken, it is to feared that many a guest would give himself an indigestion our of pure vanity. Hue's Chinese Empire. MURDEROUS GARROTTE ROBBERY.-James Taylor, » well-dres9ed, but most forbidding looking fellow, thirty-eight years of age, who described himself aa a tailor, was charged before the lion. G. C. Norton, with others not in custody, with violently assaulting Charles Powers, and robbing him of £1 4s. Mr. Solomon appeared for the prisoner. The prosecutor, who apparently was suffering from the injuries he had received, hating a fearful wound over his right eye, on being sworn, said : passing through Albert-road, London-road, I was addressed improperly by a woman. I told her I was a married man, and was going home, to my family. She at once snatched at me and screamed ; and then the prisoner and a taller man ran from the other side of the street ; the prisoner then nave me a dreadful blow on my forehead, which knocked me down ; he then kicked me, and jumped on my legs and held them, whilst the tall man put une of his hands on my mouth, and the other on the back of my head, which prevented me from calling out. The woman then searched one side, and the prisoner tore open my waistcoat and took my tobacco-box, which contained £1 4s. Mr. Norton . Are you certain the money was in the box ? Prosecutor : Yes sir ; for when the prisoner took it he shook it, and the money rattled, and he handed it to the woman saying, "it's all right." She and the tall man then ran off in one direction, and the prisoner in another. I followed him closely for about thirty yards, and was about to collar him, when a policeman caine up and took bim. Mr. Norton : When hud you received the money? It was my wages; I had received it in the evening. I had altogether 30s. ; 27s. I received for my wages, and3s. I bud before. Cross-examined : I am a painter, and work on a job at Sydenham. I was going to where X resuie, at Neville-street, Vauxhall, after having purchased 6s. worth of groceries and other things in the Borough. I was told that through the London- road wns the near- est way. I could recognise the prisoner even had he escaped, for it was sufficiently light. I was never further from him, when he was running away, than two feet. I was calling out " Police." The blow stunned me, but I did not lose all consciousness. When I got off the ground I left my basket behind to fol- low the prisoner. Constable 118 L, said he heard the cry of " Police" two or three times, and when he got to the corner of Albert street he saw the prisoner trying to prevent the prosecutor taking hold of him. The offi- cer then seized him by the arm, and took him into custody. Prisoner: At the station he said it was the woman robbed him. Mr. Norton: I wish we had her here. Is the prisoner known to the police? for I certainly know bim. Midmore: I have seen him frequently on my beat, but nothing otherwise. Mr. Solomon : I am instructed that he has never been in custody for felony, but, under the circumstances, the less I say the better. Mr. Norton : I shall remand the prisoner to make inquiries after the other two.* (To Prosecutor) I suppose that was all the money you had to support your family ? Prosecutor: Yes sir. Mr. Norton : Although I regret to say our poor-box is at nearly low ebb, I will give you 10s. ; you had better also see a sur- geon about your injuries. The prisoner was then removed by Cooke, the guoler.-Era, Aug. 5. A MILITARY EXECUTION.-The execution of a French soldier took place on the lith in the plain of Balaklava. The unhappy criminal belonged to the 73rd Regiment of the line. He had stabbed the Captain of his company, and caused his death. The law of retaliation was executed with the characteris- tic promptness which exists in the French army. He was conveyed in an artillery waggon to the spot where his life was to pay forfeit for the act he had committed, and was attended by a priest. Three sides of a hollow square were formed ; the whole of the 73rd Regiment, and one company from every other regiment in the plain, being pre- sent. The fourth side was occupied by the the culprit. He knelt down, and his eyes were bandaged, his hands having been previously secured behind him. After a few words from the priest, a crucifix was pre- sented to bim, and he kissed it. The priest then kissed the soldier on the forehead and left him. Only a few moments of suspense followed. A firing party of twelve men hud been drawn up in front of the prisoner. Ten of these men were to fire; the shots of two were reserved in case of the execution eing incomplete. This proved to be a pru- dent precaution. The order to fire was made in silence-signalled by a movement of the sword of the officer in command of the firing party. At the first wave of the blade the arms were "carried ;" at the second they were brought to the "present," and at the third the shots were discharged. There were a few quivering movements, and the soldier fell forward. A surgeon advanced and found life not quite extinct, but one of the two men left in reserve being ordered forward, speedily concluded the tragedy. WROUGHT IRON CANNON.-The large wrought iron cannon, constructed at Gospal Oak, in Staffordshire, burst and fell into many pieces, on Wednesday, at Woolwich, under the usual charge. The gnn was 10 inches in the bore, 10 feet long, and weighed 96 cwt. SiaANGE PUNISHMENT.-A sentence recently passed in Switzerland upon a man found guilty of sacrilege, shows considerable ingen- uity of punishment. The criminal is to be exposed for a quarter of an hour in the iron collar used^ at executions, and under the surveillance jif the executioner ; . to receive publicly sixty strokes of the rod from the hand of the same dread officer ; five years of hard labour ; to remain ten years within the boundary of his native commune ; never to be able to marry, and to lose all civil and political rights; to pass through certain re- ligious exercises ; and, finally to confess his crime in the church-a rod in his hand, and a cord round his neck ! The tribunal from which this sentence proceeds is that of Obwald.- ' Era, April 5. CLEBKENWELL.-SERIOUS AND SHAMEFUL CON- DUCT OP A MEDICAL MAX.-James Webb, aged thirty-seven, chemist, of No. 53, Goswell-road, Clerkenwell, was charged by Emma Mathews, a young woman, with having committed a crimi- nal assanlt npon her. Mr. Humphries attended on the part of the prisoner. The prosecutrix having been Bworn, said : On Tuesday, the 24th of July, I went to the prisoner's shop for a seidlitz powder. He asked me what is the matter, and said I was very ill. I told him I had a pain in my side, and I vomited blood. He told me to wait for a few minutes. He served a customer, and then asked me into the parlour, and examined my chest. On the fol- lowing day he called at my master's house, Mr. Silverthorne, No. 3, York-place, City-road, Islington. The family were ont of town. He took me into the parlour, and told me to undo my dress, to look at my chest. I did so. He then said, " You must have your stays off, or I shall not know what to prescribe for you." I refused. He said he would rather see females without their clothes. I then took off my stays, and he tore the petticoats from my person. (The witness here detailed the particulars of the prisoner's conduct towards her, which are unfit for publication, and showed that he effected his purpose.) She added that the prisoner be- haved himself in a most beastly manner, and she threatened to stab him if she had a knife. By Mr. Corrie : I cried, and made an alarm, but he held me tightly down. I told him I would complain to my master on his return from the country. He said, " You may do as you please : 1 am a gentleman, and have got plenty of money, and could employ counsel ; and you aro only a servant, and can do nothing." I asked if that was the way he served his patients who visited him. He said, " Yes, the generality of them especially such pretty girls as yon. I have done nothing, only listened to the beating of your heart." He said If 1 wonld get a holiday, he would take me to the theatre. Her master and family returned from the country on Sun- day, when she exposed the prisoner's condact, and he was apprehended. Mr. Humphries cross-examined the witness, without shaking her testimony. Sergeant Benjamin Goodwin, 8 N, proved apprehending the prisoner, at his residence, in the presence of prosecutrix. The prisoner asked her if there was no way of set- tling the matter with her. Mr. Corrie cau- tioned the prisoner, as to whether he would say anything in his defence. He said he denied the charge of rape. Mr. Corrie fully committed him for trial, and declined taking bail for his appearance at the sessions. He was conveyed to prison.-Era, Aug. 5. Miss NIGHTINGALE.-Miss Nightingale is one of those whom God forms for great ends. You cannot hear her say a few sentences-no, not even look at her without feeling that she is an extra- ordinary being. Simple, intellectual, sweet, full of love and benevolence, innocent-she is a fascinating and perfect woman. That nobility of mind, for which she is so distinguished, has its foundation in her perfect simplicity. Sim- plicity-bat by long habit we attach to the word a wrong meaning; it should he nature is perfection; and innocence is the veriest majesty ; for it is true and eternal. Since being natural went out of fashion, men have tried to supply its refinements by means of art. But we none of us like this parody on goodness, so well. Very unsatisfactory, very unequal, and often very hypocritical ; because it flows from the head, and not from the heart. She is tall and pale. Her face is exceedingly lovely ; bat, better than all, is the soul's glory that shines through every feature, so exaltingly. Nothing can be sweeter than her smile ; it is like a sunny day in summer ; aud more of holiness than is expressed in her conntenance, one does not often meet in a human face, as one passes along the dusty highways of life. Through all her movements breathes that high intellect nal calm, which is God's own patent of nobility.- and is the true seal of the most glorious aristocracy that of mind, of soul.* Very many, and very affectionate, were the testimonies which the wounded gave us of this lady's kindness. I would tell you some of them-such acts enlarge one's heart, and expand one's love for the beauti- ful living sonl which God has given to our humanity-bat Miss Nightingale is content that her work of love should receive the smile and benediction of " her father who is in heaven. I doubt, therefore, if without her consent they onght to be spoken. Veterans, who, perhaps, had fancied that after witnessing such scenes as had fallen beneath their eyes on the battle-field, nothing could make them weep again, buried their face in their hands and dissolved in a flow of copious tears, as they dilated upon the un- ceasing attentions of herself, and her devoted bands. The kindnesses, too, were of that delicate womanly character which find their way direct to the heart; and tears rose to our own eyes as we listened to the pleasing recital, and heard the thanks, soft as from the bosom of a child, breathed' forth by men who had become old in guilt and iniquity. Many of them de- clared that, under God, they owed their lives solely to the care of Miss Nightingale and her ladies. Bnt they have done more than save bodies-they have saved souls. Men who never prayed before, have, through seeing their life, and receiving their kindnesses, begnn to pray. It has compelled them to believe that there is in truth, and in reality, a God, and love, and holi- ness; for there was the fact exhibited before their eyes.-The City of the Crescent ; with Pictures from Harem Life. The Moniteur de la Flotte hag published the following letter, dated Kamiesh, 30th ult. : "Our navy received some days ago a fresh testimonial, the more flattering as it came from one of our most inveterate enemies, You are aware that at the last armistice granted to bnry the dead, General Totleben, who organised and directs the energetic defence of Sebastopol, presided, on the side of the Russians, at that sad ceremony. He is a fine-looking man, about 36 years of age, of good address and manners. He exchanged a few words with the French general commanding the working party, and having perceived one of our ship lieutenants attached to the batteries who assisted in the mournfnl operation, he saluted him and said to him, * You belong, Bir, to a corps which does honour to your country. The French navy is admirably represented before Sebastopol, and we know that wherever it presents itself, as recently at Kertch, it is faithful to noble and generous traditions.' These few words were spoken in French, and without the least accent. General Totleben appears to be beloved by the Russian soldiers, but is an object of jealousy with the officers, on account, no donbt, of his rapid promotion.-Manchester Guardian, July 16. FILTHINESS OF NEW YORK.-A great draw- back to the attractiveness of New York arises from its excessive filthiness. Till I went there I had never seen a dirty city. Although the weather was then fine, and it bad been dry for some time previously, yet parts of some of the streets were almost impassable from mud and pools of dirty water. Many of the streets had nob been eleaned for years, and althongb the citizens complained bitterly of the nuisance, their remonstrances passed unheeded. Even in Broadway, the resort of the beautiful, gay, and the fashionable, iu some places was not better thau others. Opposite the hotel at which I lived, there was a large pool of water at least two hundred feet in length, and of width suffi- cient to prevent any one from attempting to leap across it without the risk of going up to the ankles. In other parts of Broadway matters were not much better ; and I have seen some of the inhabitants not hesitate to throw their ashes and dirty water into the middle of the street.-A Few Months in America. By James Robertson. The London correspondent of the Inverness Courier says :-" I am told, but do not vouch for the fact, that Mr. Disraeli is writing a new novel, the title to be Bolingbroke." NEW DETBBGENT.-Several successful experi- ments have been made with a new detergent, discovered by Mr. Fox, of Sheffield. It bids fair not only to prove a valuable ingrédient in the manufacture of soap, imparting a beautiful gloss and smoothness to the skin, bnt to be of the highest utility in dressing and finishing woollen goods. Its composition has not yet been made public- Sheffield paper. CURIOUS EFFECTS OF LIGHTNING.-On Friday afternoon, (says the Birmingham Journal), the workmen employed on the Independent College, in the course of erection on Mosely Common, near the Stratford-road, were shelter- ing from the rain in a couple of wooden sheds, situated 30 or 40 yards from the bnilding, the one shed being also abont the same distance from the other. One of these is a place of deposit for the workmen's tools, and in it some 30 bricklayers had taken refuga.; under the same roof, and separated from the tool-honse by a wooden partition, is the bnilder's office, in which Mr. Beeson, clerk of the works, at the time sat alone, if we except a large dog at his feet. The other shed was occupied by about 20 atoBemasons. They had not been many minutes in their place of shelter when a lightning flash prostrated to the earth the whole party of fifty. Beyond a noise similar to the crack of a per- cussion cap, nothing was heard until the peal of thunder a few seconds afterwards, nor was anything more palpable than the mere flash seen either inside or outside the sheds. Two or three minutes elapsed before any of the party were able to rise from the ground, and one of them, the foreman of the bricklayers, remained unconscious for upwards of a quarter of an hour. A sensation as of scalding which they felt led to the discovery that their bodies were more or,, less blistered, several being nearly covered with watery patches, varying in size from a hand's-breadth downwards ; but Mr. Beeson informs us that at the moment he fell he felt an indescribable thrill pasB into his body, near the bottom of his chest; and thence it went like a galvanic shock down his legs, back again, and out again as if at his finger ends. He experienced a sensation in his veins as if his blood was surging to and fro for a means of escape, and this ieeling did not die away for nearly half an hour. The experiences of the other men were somewhat similar. The stone- masons do not appear to have been visited so severely, as none of them were blistered. The dog in Mr. Beeson's office evidently sustained a severe shock, as his howls continued long after those of his fellow-sufferers had ceased. At the moment Mr. Beeson fell a small portion of the roof dropped upon him, but subsequent ex- amination proved that the electric fluid had left a much more remarkable trace of its visit. At the corner of the building which is the nearest to the sheds stood a scaffolding pole, probably the highest in use. This pole the lightning must have Btruck, and the course it had taken was most singular. Breaking off about four feet of the top part, tbe splinters of which were scattered as far as twenty yards off, the lightning descended the pole, scooping out of its substance, from top to bottom, as cleanly as if it had been work of a gouge or chisel, a strip of wood about au inch and a half in width and about half an inch in thickness. The pole having to support four ranges of scaffolding, each of these were bound to it by seven ronnds of strong rope, and every round was severed. A mark as if of burning showed the agency. At the bottom of the pole stood a heap of bricks, many of which had the appearance of being chipped as if with a hammer, seemingly the result of the splinters being dashed with great violence against them.-Leeds Mercury, July 31. PROGRESS OF WISCONSIN.-Wisconsin was only admitted into the Union as s State in May, 1848. The rapid increase of its popula- tion has been unprecedented even in the annals of American progression. In 1838 the popula- tion, according lo the State enumerations, was only 18,130 ; in 1850 the census returned the population as 305,391. I saw the Governor of the State in Washington in 1854, and he assured me that there were upwards of 500,000 inhabitants in Wisconsin, who had all emi- grated there within the last fifteen years. It is needless to observe that the value of pro- perty must have risen commensurately with the increase of population * * The general surface of the State is gently undulating; the higher elevations are upon the shores of Lake Superior, where the hills are covered with dense forests of evergreen; and the streams are rapid, affording good water-power. It is therefore, a good timber district, and exports about 200,000,000 feet per year, while many of the ranges are rich in iron and copper ore. * * The soil is described as a dark brown vegetable mould, from one to two feet deep, very mellow, without stone or gravel, and very fertile. This charming country is intersected by five or six navigable rivers, and dotted with numerous, extensive, and beautiful lakes. It possesses the greatest facilities for exporting its produce. Bounded on the north by Lake Superior, on the east by Lake Michigan, and on the west for 275 miles by the Mississippi, it has outlets in every direction, while railroads already connect its principal towns with New York. The lake commerce of Wisconsin in 1851 exceeded 27,000,000 of dollars. Amongst the most important and valuable of the exports of Wisconsin, however, is lead, which is found in great abuudance and richness upon the upper Mississippi.-Notes on Canada and the Northwest States of America. RUSSIAN OBFICIAL ACCOUNTS.-Prince Gort chakofi's diary from the 16th to the 20th June contains additional details of the brilliant man- ner in which the assault on Sebastopol was repulsed, and respecting the ulterior works of the besiegers, and the measures taken by us to oppose them. Owing to the great number of Í troops thrown forward by the enemy, the ! impetuosity of tbe attack, and the obstinacy of the straggle, the battle of the 18th of June may be for the garrison of Sebastopol regarded , I as one of the most heroic acts of our military annals. At day-break, under cover of . crushing cannonade, the enemy attempted the assault, in a firm hope, it appears, that the cannonade ot the preceding evening had made» breach in our works and rendered them accessible. Their dense line embraced an extent of fonr ventes, and behiud, other columns, advanced, supported by strong reserves. It was in this order that the assailants threw themselves upon the fortifica- tions, and commenced a most sanguinary struggle. The coolness and the military talents of Lieutenant- general Chronleff, the firmness of his immediate ades, Rear-Ad- miral Panfiloff and Major-General Prince Ourousoff, as well as the gallantry of all who took part in the affair, from the general to the private, rendered fruitless the obstinate efforts of the enemy. The brave troops of Sebastopol had succeeded, in the night between the 17th and 18th June, in repairing all the damage done, under a very heavy fore, and during the assault, having defeated the desperate attacks of the assailants, they pursued some detachment! into their very trenches. The allies are conse- quently compelled to continue a regular siege ;" bnt it will doubtless cost them still much time and newandenormoussacrifioes. The obstinacy and duration of the assault, daring which the enemies' massess had to advance nnder a murderous fire of grape, cannot fail to have caused great havoo in their ranks. If we are to credit deserters, the French have 10,000 men pnt hors de combat in killed and wounded. Among the killed tbey mention Generala Mayran, Brunet, and Voran. According to their reports the English lost 3,500 men, among whom Generals Campbell and York have died of their wonnds, and a great number of officers of all grades. Moreover, among the 600 pri- soners we have taken, of whom 300 were wonnded, there were one superior and 11 subal- tern French officers, and one English officer of superior rank -Invalide Russe. General Connt Zamoyaki arrived in London on Sunday morning. We understand tbat hie visit is the result of a special invitation from the British government. The count's talents and abilities, and his practical knowledge of military and diplomatic affairs, are well known; and as he comes direct from the East, he will be able to give important information respecting the real state of matters in that quarter. It is evident that Connt Zamoyski can only have been invited to England at the present crisis with a view to enable government to arrive at some final decision on the Polish question. The nucleus of a Polish Legion already exists in the so-called Turkish Cossacks, who are almost ex- clusively Poles, wearing a Polish uniform and carrying Polish ensigns.-Daily News, THE MUFFBO or COBSIOA.-The Corsican wild sheep, the muffro or mufflone, is one of the most remarkable products of the island. It is a beautiful, strong- limbed animal, with spiral horns, and silky hair of a brownish black. It inhabits the highest regions of eternal snow, monnting constantly higher as the sum- mer snn melts the snow from the hill«. By day it frequents the shores of the lakes, where it finds pasturage ; at night it retires again to the snow. The muffro sleeps on the snow, and the female drops its yonng on the snow. Like the chamois, the muffro posts sentinels while feeding. Sometimes, in severe winters, when deep snow covers their pasture grounds, these wild sheep appear in herds among the tame goats, and they are frequently to be seen ia the valleys of Vivario, Niolo, and Guagno, feeding peaceably among the flocks of the shepherds. The young animal may be tamed, the old not. They are frequently hunted, and when shots are heard echoing from rook to rook np among the hills, people know that men are stalking the muffro or the bandit. Both are lawful game, brothers of the mountain-fast- nesses, and both climb to the eternal snow. Wanderings in Corsica. In consequence of the demand for gold which now exists in France and other parts of the con- tinent, the weekly imports of the preoioni metals into this country are not sufficient to Bupply the requirements for export ; and, as was shown on Saturday, there is a direct drain to some extent on the Bank of England. Money is coming into more demand here also, conse- quent on the general improvement now taking place in trade ; and the discount houses, whioh, only a few days since, were seeking business, now find bills coming forward freely enough to render it unnecessary on their part to posh business. There is no longer a downward ten- dency in the rates. An advance appears lo be anticipated by the trading community.-Man- chester Guardian, July 31. STABBING WITH SCISSOBS.-On Friday night, during a street squabble in a low part ot Liver* pool, a married woman, Catherine Jones, stabbed Elizabeth Price, also a married woman, and » neighbour, with a pair of scissors, inflicting a rather serious wound over the left eye.-The case was heard before the magistrates on Satur day, and Jones was convicted in the penalty of £10, or to be committed for three months. J THE YOUNO IDEA LEARNING ITSELF TO SHOOT. -I have already remarked on the American disregard of life, and, more than all, of infant life. One day, when Doctor Read was sitting with us, we saw from an open window, his own little boy, about four years old, playing on the green with a large hatchet. We pointed it ont to the father, and urged him to go and take from his child so daugerous a plaything. " Well, now, I guess, if I did, he would find something else perhaps worse. Yon know that the other day, he had got the cannon and gunpowder that your master Frank blew himself up with. It is impossible to be always looking after them. They must take their chance." So say I, also ; in snch a country it were impossible to find nnrses and helps to watch over them, and the necessity of the ease brings ita own philosophy to parents.-The Wabash ; or, Adventures of an English Gentleman's Family in the Interior of America. A letter from before Sebastopol, dated the 3rd instant, and published in the Semaphore of Marseilles, says :-" The Russian line-of battle ships anchored in the roadstead opposite Fort St. Nicholas begin lo suffer from the fire of the mortar battery on the side of the Quarantine Bay. On the 27th a shell passed through the three decks of the Tchesmé, killing and wounding several men, and then bursting in the hold, set fire to her for a short time. Some days before a projec- tile, fired by a French vessel, bursting in tbe workshop near the Artillery Bay, caused the explosion of a number of loaded shells, killed several artillerymen, and caused such damage that tbe Russians have not since dared to collect together such a quantity of com- bustibles in one place, as they bad before been in the habit of doing. The shells from the allied vessels occasion much damage in the place and severe losses to the garrison. Their destructive effects are more feared than those of the rockets. The number of naval urtillerymen in the place lias been reduced from 16,000 to 3,500 ; there ure now only three artillerymen for each gun. On board the Russian vessels the rations of vegetables nnd brandy have been diminished one half. The captains of them have received orders to economise their consumption of salt pork as much as possible. An order from the com mander-in-chief has prescribed to' the in- habitants to quit the town. The opinion that the place must infallibly fall into the power of the allied urmies is more and more general among the besieged, and that feeling has greatly increased their discouragement, particularly during the last few days. All this information bas been derived from the deserters and prisoners."-Manchester Quat' dian, July 19. 