THE ESTATE OF MESSRS. WALTON, VINEY AND Co.-A meeting of the creditors, of Messrs. Walton. Viney.and Co., . whose. failure in the Australia and Cape trade, with liabilities for about £10,000, took place on the 2)th til., was held yesterday, when, alter the consideration of a statenient prepared by Mesars Quilter, Bill, and Co:, it was agreed that the estate should be wound ,tp under inspection. It appears that the suspension of the film has been necessitated through the non-remittance of proceeds of con slgnments by shippers to whom advances have been made. The only partner in this counrty it Mr. Viney, who introduced £7,100 into the bu siness about twelve months since. Although ntflitirs, owing to the extended operations of the house, will prove rather complex, a favourable liquidation is anticipated, as far as the interests of the creditors are concerned. Sc.n otN. TtE Ion.-On Thursday a very aiugular scene was witnessed upon the Sorpoen. tine. Towaids evening the sound of music was heard, and Mr SuperintendcntWilliams beheld a splendii trass bandl upon the ice, attended by upwards of a thousand persons, each bolding a lighted flambeau or link in hbaud. Tents were stretched upon hlo ice, antd L larg ooke fires made, and barrels of boer exposed for sale. Several hundred gentlemen with lamps buckledi in front of their coats led the way,surroeundel by the torch-lighters, the band playing " Cheer, Boys, cheer." After passing from the railings to the Kensington.gardens Bridge, they turned round, when, almost eimultaneoua'y, the whole park became brilliantly, illuminated, as hundred, of rockets, serpents, Roman lights, squibs, Catherine wheels, and other fire-works being; exploded; and right'along a walk of consider able extent on tle ice, blte, orirnon, and greeno fires ware made up, which refleoteda light upo the park.' The'long 'skating apace having bee. gone over,' the band struck up several quadrilles and polkas, kept time to by those preseit, among whom were not a few ladies.. The whole performance passed off without any accideut. - * British Banner. A YOUTiFruL HERno.-A sergeant.masjor now" in Wellington Barracks who has recently re. taurred from the Crimer, has sent to The Times the following enthusiastic account of the con. duct of a young soldier, only ten years old, named Thomas Keep, of the 3d battalion Grena. dier Guards, under the command of Colonel Thomas Wood. The writer states that this boy accompanied tihe army to the heights of thle Alma, preserving the most undraiunted dd meahour throughout the battle. At one time a 24-pounder passed on each side of him, and shot and shell fell about him like hail, but, notwithstanding thie weariness of the day present dangers, or the horrid sight the boy's *heart with tenderness to. wards tihe poor wounded. Instead of going: into a tent to take care of himself after the battle was over, he refssed to take rest, but was seen venturing his life for the gdod'df his comrades in thie battle-field. This.boy was seen stepping carefully over one dead body after another, collecting all the brokin muskets he could find, and making a fire in the night to pro cure hot water. He made ted, for the poor sufflerers, and saved the life of Sergeant Russell, and some of the private soldiers wo were I ing,' nearly exhausted for want. Thus did thi th' spend the night. At the battle of Balaklava he agamin assisted the wounded. The boy did duty by day and worked in the trenohes by night, taking bnt little rest.. At the battle of Inkeriuan he was surrounded" by, Russians about twenty minutes, and, to use his own words, ihe said he thought it was a "case" with him, but he escaped all right. Hereceit I one shot, which went through his coat and dout of tihe leg of his trowsers, but Providence again preserved him unhurt. He helped with allthe' bravery of. a man to get in the wounded, and' rested not until the poor sufferors were made as comfortable as hIs could make them. He' waited on the doctor when extracting the shot from the men, and waited. on the men before and after. "Thus did thisg youth," says the writer, "do anything to any one who need help. Some of the wounded say that they should not have been alive now had it not been for the boy's unwearied watchfulness and kindness in their hours of helplessness. This boy has been recommended by Colonel' Robinson and Colonel Wood and other officei?? in her Majesty's service." A BANKeUrT CorPoRATIo.-WO have. t make an announcement, such as we hardly tihought we should ever have to make about the town of Belfast. It is simply this, that the town, as represented by its municipal council, has failed-is unable to meet its engagemernts, We speak in literal sincerity. The councoil the elected of Belfast-borrowed money, partly ,authorised by acts of Parliament, and partly not, amounting to about £280,000.. This money is repayable, ae in the case of railway companies, at stated periods; and. it..appears that, from some cause or other, or perhans from more canoes tha" one, there. have been demands. for repayment which the council cannot. meet. The 'necessary consequence is that which occurs when any merelhant cannot meet his engagements. it is, in plain terms, a failure I We understand that a printed circular has been sent tound among the creditors, giving explanations 'add making statements; but as we have not seen one of these, and are therefore in ignorance except as to the main fact, we shaball be the more re served at present in our remarks.. That aill the creditors of the town are sufficiently secured, and that their interest and capital will be paid to them, is beyond any doubt; but what asmock. cry of municipal government, and what= a scandal to the whole town, that we are placed in this-situation as the result of party madness and party incapacity-we will say, i'Belfast in; csapacity.-Daily;dMdrcury. ", . A YANKEE ATrrTORNEY ON C.PIAL PUNI BI. MENT. -The following oration was delivered somewhere in Winecotson, by one of the profesa sion, who would seem to have quite an aveision to capital punishment:-" May it please yoer lordship and gentlemen of the jury- the case is as clear as ice and sharp to the piitas '.No' from your sweetheart. The Scripture eaith, ' Thou shalt niot kill. Now, if .,yeou hang my client, you tratisgress the command as s.licks grease and as plump as a goose egg in a lrsafer. face. Who freemen-who, in thislandof liberty and light? Gentlemen, I will pledge my, word not one of you has a bowie knife o pistol. in his pbcket. No, gentlemen, .your pocke's are odoriferous with the perfuses of cigar cases and tobacco. You. can smoke tlhe tobacco of rectitude in. the pipe of a pgeaceful conescience; but hang myunfortuiate .cli'sli, and the scaly alligators of remorse will ga?lp through the internal'princ.ples. of animalverie. base, until the spinal vertebrm of ?our 'aiiatoumiT cal constriction is turned into' a railroad, for the grim and gory goblins of despair. Gentle' meni, beware of committing murder. Beware,. say, of meddling with the eternal prerogative Beware, I'say. Remember the fate of the ma who attempted to aseady the ark, anid tremble. Gentlemen, I adjure you, by the msnumritm ghost of. temporal sanctity to do no murller, I adjure you by the' name of woma" , tihe mainpring' of the' tickling timepiece of time's theoretical transmigration, to do no murder I I adjure you, by the love you have foi the esculent and condimental gusto of our native pumpkin, to do. no "niurdei ' I adjure you, by the stars set- in the: flying ensign of your emancipated country, to :do no murder .I I adjure you, by the American, Eagle: ; that whipped the universal game cock" of creation, and now sits roosting on the magnetia telegraph of time's illustrious trasemigration,.to'deono muirder. And lastly, gentlemen, if you ever expect to wear long-tailed coats-if .yosr evek expeet free 'dogs not to bark.at you-if you ever expect'to wear boots made of the free hide of the rocky maunain buffalo-and, to sum up 1l1, if you ever hbspeot to be anything but a set of sneaking, leafing, rascally,. cut throated, braided small ends of humainity, whittled down into' indistinotibility, acquit my client, and ulae you country.' The prisoner was acquittedar ri NoT LosT.-'I see you'are in black-4kre I rt mourning for a friend, oh?" 'No, ''m.j nournirg ior my sine,' replied the gentleni in black. ' Why, I never heard that *t'M lost any,' was the reply. . 