THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND. THE following M the form of thanksgiving, for the recent Victory at Sebastopol, appointed to be used in various Churches on Sunday week last at Sydney. The following Psalm to be said or sung before the Psalms for the day : - If the Lord had not been on our side, now may we say : if the Lord himself had not been our side, when men rose up against us : They had swallowed us up quick : when they were so wrathfully displeased at us. Yea, the waters had drowned us, and the stream had gone over our soul : the deep waters of the proud had gone over our soul. But praised be the Lord : who hath not given us over as a prey unto them. The Lord hath wrought: a mighty salvation for s. We got not this by our own sword, neither was it our own arm that saved UB : but thy right hand, and thine arm, and the light of thy countenance, because thou hadst a favour unto us, The Lord hath appeared for us the Lord hath covered our heads, and made us to stand in the day of battle. The Lord hath appeared for us : the Lord hath overthrown our enemies, and dashed in pieces those that rose up against us. Therefore not unto us, O Lord, not unto us ; but unto thy Name be given the glory. The Lord hath done great things for us : the Lord j hath done great things for us, for which we rejoice. Our help standeth in the Name of the Lord who hath made heaven and all th. Blessed be the name of the Lord : from this time both fore vol line. Glory be to the Father, and to the Son : and to the Holy Ghost: As it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be world without end. Amen. The Thanksgiving to be read after the General Thanksgiving. O ALMIGHTY GOD, the sovereign commander of all the world, in whose hand is power and might which none is able to withstand : we bless and magnify thy great and glorious name for this happy victory the whole glory whereof we do ascribe to thee, who are the only giver of victory. And, we beseech thee, give us grace to improve this great mercy to thy glory, the advancement of the Gospel, the honour of our Sovereign, and, as much as in us lieth, to the good of all mankind. And, we beseech thee, give us such a sense of this great mercy, as may engage as to a true thankfulness, such as may appear in our lives by an humble, holy, and obedient walking before thee all our days, through Jesus Christ our Lord to whom with thee and the Holy Spirit, as for all thy mercies, so in particular for this victory and deliverance, be all glory and honour, world without end. Amen. I 