DIGGER HUNTING. (To the Editor of the Age) Sir,—I was not surprised to find that the Judge and the Attorney-General, with a sensi- tiveness ever exhibited by minds conscious of wrong committed, should, in the course of these State Trials, object to the term Digger- hunt. I can easily understand why that phrase which conveys a true representation of the detestable tyranny practised upon the gold fields, and which has brought the people there to rebellion, and the law to contempt, should offend them. Your readers will understand it, too, when that passage in Hamlet is brought to their recollection, where, when contemplating some means of bringing home to his uncle's bosom the remembrance of his guilt, and look- ing for some outward sign to follow thereupon, whereby to confirm the dread accusation made by his murdered father's ghost, he says :— I have heard That guilty creatures sitting at a play, Have, by the very cunning of the scene, Been struck so to the soul, that presently They have proclaimed their malefactions ; For murder, though, it have no tongue, will speak With most miraculous organ. I'll have these players Play something like the murder of my father, Before mine uncle. I'll observe his looks — I'll tent him to the quick, if he shall blench I know my course. The play's the thing, Wherein I'll catch the conscience of the King. So here the phrase "Digger hunt" is the thing wherein we have caught their consciences, especially of the Attorney- General, like a guilty creature suddenly struck to the soul, and "fright- ed with false fire." He has proclaimed his guilty participation in that oppression and intolerable wrong which forced a loyal people to take up arms, not, as it is asserted by their enemies, to overthrow constituted authority, but to resist a tyranny which has been set up here in this colony by some half-dozen squat- ters, of whom Stawell, the Attorney-General, is one, and who have dared to think that they may with impunity pursue that course of government and conduct towards free born and free Englishmen, which was usual with them when this country was a portion of a Penal Settlement and the governed no others than their own convict servants leased out to them by their imperial rulers. A mode of govern- ment unheard of in these latter times, though it may find a parallel in the slave states of America, where it is lawful, as it is attempted here, to exact labour under fear of whip and chains ; and where it is customary to punish the refractory, and coerce the obstinate with wounds and maiming. It was to abolish this system in such parts of their dominions as it had been established in that the British people, for a time, impoverished themselves ; and it is to preserve their dominions still unpolluted by this system, that they now annually pay her sums of money. Yet in this hemisphere half a dozen men conceived that they may apply to Englishmen, and exercise over Englishmen, that very system which Englishmen in all other parts of the globe are exerting themselves by all means to abolish. The Gold-fields system, though now notori- ously known to be , as detestable a system of slavery as any that Wilberforce denounced, yet because the people, for their wives' sake and their children's, have again, but not for long I fear, settled down to their vocation, our legis - lators — as cowardly and ignorant as they are apathetic and sleepy — are content again to re- lapse, like the sluggard in Scripture, to a little more folding of the hands "to that slumber from which the late commotion, though it frightened our land from its propriety," and though in its results most disastrous and terri- ble was not sufficiently violent to awaken them. But let them sleep on and take their rest — their time has not yet come, though it is fast approach- ing. With the Attorney-General, however, it is widely different. His offences would not allow him rest if he were so inclined, for the horrors of the system which he and his disgraced cousin have together contributed to establish, and which another, unallied to them save in this wickedness, has now confirmed, are ever present to him and haunt his imagination, but "Digger- hunt" calls them so strongly up that he out- wardly exhibits his peturbation, and, in pitiful voice cries "to be spared that, phrase." "Dig- ger-hunt" doth "tent him to the quick," for he knows that the mode of "collecting the public revenue" ( as Judge Barry would have it) brought about the rebellion which was followed by the atrocities of his murderous military and police, and 'now de- fended by perjury and the lowest tricks of at- torneyship. He knows, too, that unsuccessful in his design, and defeated by the honesty of an English Jury, he has dared to asperse the character of men whom all hold more honorable than himself. These are the wrongs he has committed, and it is the recollection of this wickedness that hath made Mr. Attorney '' blench," "If he shall blench," says Hamlet, '' I know my course." But the people are not so informed. What course, sir, should be pur- sued to procure the dismissal of this man from office, since he will not himself resign, and the ad-nauseam-petitioned Hotham, either cannot or will not help us ? We may, indeed, as Goldsmith says, "Flee from all petty tyrants to the throne," but an ap- peal unto Crasar" , is, as we all know, a very, tedious business, and that it would be very long indeed before any answer to our prayers could reach us. We must, I suppose, patiently wait for the infallible remedy, the "new constitution" ; but in the mean time, while suffering Mr. Attorney to run his course, we will trust to the efficiency of the long tether, recommended in an old proverb, and hopefully look to the fatal termination predicted in that wise saw. l am, Sir, With great respect, P. P. ["P. P." is unreasonable in asking Sir Charles Hotham to discharge a lackey who has proved so subservient to him as the Attorney-General. We must wait for rogues to fall out before they will expose each other. The Governor has no reason for finding fault with his Attorney ; and the latter will not resign till his pension is due. Foster committed the blunder of resigning : his cousin is more knowing. As to a sense of shame, and all that sort of thing, it is useless speculating upon what does not exist.—Ed. A.] 