" ÏM^EIlIAIi-BAliLIAMENT /{.I A l l M nn>; n tri li.. ! li I 7 I ' 'c. i HOUSE ÇF COMMONS.-AyousT 0, SB ÄÄS^S. >?>' MriGLADSTONE'.i-i-ït.appears tome, Sir, that tho 'mbtio'nfwhioh 'you'hnvo-put ftonvtho choir, mid which ''rñ'aysb'p i-ogarded;a*'|lho¡<inimediato subject of dobato, ,ián rf'-matter'lof 1 small- account.-..-So far ns regards, "that màÛ6'n?lïontTroly !hgroo with tho right hon. gentle. >innriu'wnoIlii»81justr,sati down,'-and who illnstrnted his ?opinioh'ttt some lon'gthj'thattho granting ofthoso popers 'is W matter for tho 'judgment . ofhor Mnjosty's Govern. 1rnoritJ:audatliat tho 'lion, .member who has raised this dbbato would uot un wisely ¡if ho attempted to forco tho Govornmontiü tho exoroiso of thoir discretion. "Waving, tkoreforo, air reference to that motion, I como to tho -speech of my right hon. friend, and, with rognrd to that .speech, I must distinguish tho opinions and viows of my right hon. friend from tho statement of facts nnd circum- stances which ho gavo us in relation to the Into nego- tiations.' As respects tho opinions of my right honi friend, they appoar.to mo to bo moderation itself. (.Hear, bear.) Passing beyond tho moro generalities in which, of course, all indulge,-declaring on tho ono hand thoy nro deeply sonsiblo of tho evils of wor, and, on tho othor band, that they will wot buy ponce with dishonour, ?. passing over thoso vaguo goneralitios, which aro bandied .1 to and -fro' without any profit between persotiB rouged on different sides of this question, my right hon. \- friend lins ,;told the House, if I understood him .''rightlyi that limitation itself-tho limitation of tho , Russian forces in tho Black Sea-was not to bo regarded ¡.'absolutely, as ja sine qua non of peace in negotiations ,t willoh moy . hereafter arise (Hear, hear.) My right ., bon.? friend has modo that which I think an important . communication, considering from whom it comes, and . thOtposition, in which ho himself is placed, and, while ; be has told us that limitation is not to stand before the î'.-wprldjin tho character of an absoluto condition of peace, ;(iboihas:told;US of no other, absoluto condition of peace to come in its pince. Tho offect of his speech, as far ns it ir.gocsiiiSito.'restrict tlio scopo of tlio objects and terms for ^which .tho, Government is contending; for he appears to .liibavoiwitlidrawn from tho .cataloguo ono of tho objects Jl.ca which ot a certain stngo so muoh turned, and to huvo jninsorted nothing in its place. But, then, it appears to ino theright hon. gentleman, willi tho moderation of his views and opinions, has only made uore. glaring,the false posi n7tion^ini,wluch,ko. ,stands ;,'for ..what nro the Government1 .'^¡dóingi^jThey'járo prolonginga war which costs tho allies yrpnójhundredí milIiBns' of money. per annum. (Hear, ¡I heár.')''/,rTIi'o íoss of lives will, I think, not bo overstated ,,i at"l',Ó^O,a-,day/ \ To'justify tho ; prolongation of. such a ,, '¡war in deflhnce of tho weight of. authority which I sholl now ...'.''shöw'i'td^bö against itjrequires,' I think, stronger opinions ^¡than.mv right 'libbi friend lias expressed, and largor and ¿'.wiflcrjptyects than his,' for fwliilo'we aro called upon to ¡,"!,'mákb,efforts tb gigantic and sacrifices so tremendous, I -tl''liav'çV indeed, a, difficulty in knowing what image is in .vt.liis mind, i/ond ' wliiít!. ho propose? to himsolf as an .Vj.adequate purpbsó tb.justify Hid career in which we aro .^.[engaged.'.¡. Àud,.',now;'.,witk respect to tho statement of ^í.fáqts^hde hy riiy right hon. friend. There I am nt ^j^fesuo \vith jhim;i ( If my hon. friend the member for ij. j^y^aWantol.any justification for raising this discussion, \t'¡Áa^,j(pw¡^i i'itliihlí, find it in tho confused and porploxod ''(¡Btntq'jWi.wlücú ,tlib narrative of thoso events stands, for I ÍMf3^<.B"áfi,^0'¡'*'u'8l'9w'-',t.,la^ 1,10 8Peocn of my right .jI(bo'ul[i^e]ad'creseui!s a distorted view ofthoso facts, and .?doe's hot raise' ¿ho issue's upon which tho Houso has defi- nitively to judge. If wo aro to take our views from tho ''?""éjífceoh.'of tho right!hon. gentleman, thoso who have list "'"cnoä'to it might believe that tho wholo coso before us was ":1'between tho'two projects of counterpoise and limitation. v-u'fiutll': will slíbw that it is no Bitch thing. It might bo ''J!'ropposed'.by''tho speech of my right hon. friond Hint V''thero'iiad not boon proposed by Austria any set of terms J. b'n 'tb.tí 'rejection of which by Russia she would go to war. I'uridcrstoo_d that to bo n capital point in my right hon. ' "'friend's 'speech, for ho said that, when a proposal was 15:'iri'ddó r at ' tlió cud of April, which was rejected by_ the ! Vailles',1 it consequently gave to Austria no opportunity of "' :ilgoïng.to'wnr to enforce it; nnd that, when tho proposal ' ~ 'pf ^imitation was made, Austria declared, aa ho states, 'that she would cot go to war for tho sako of that propo '' ''sal.! I contest tho representation of facts as stated by '' my right hon. friend; but, before I goto thoso facts, I "'must say that I feel deeply tho nccumulntod and peculiar responsibility in this matter which rests upon tho head 1 -of' lier Majesty's Government, It is not purely tho res- ponsibility, although God knows that is great enough, of having chosen tho alternativo of war and rejected ?' . "'tho alternativo of ponce, for I will admit thoro 1 would hnvo boon an equal responsibility in an opposite :choico ; hut it is tho position thoy ' " havo nssumed und tho Hhnro thoy havo hod in 4 bringing about this result which lins modo them and us ' tho; principals, nnd nil othor pnrtios only secondary nnd "- ' accessory to tho prolongation of this war. (Hear.) Sly 'V'libbie'friend [tho Plenipotentiary of Great Britain, on 1 thor18th' of April, trnnsmits n proposal of Austrin, which -Was approved of by my noble friond, not only upon its " "abstract morita, but with roferonco to the circumstances ' '. of tho casó and tho wholo interests involved in tho de- cisión.' " Tli'nt proposal was npprovod by tho Plenipoten ' tiary bf France. It was approved, or at least favourably received, by tho Plenipotentiary of Turkey, and entirely . approved: by tho Plenipotentiary of Austria. This pro .. :,']>oBali was. sent homo by tho noble lord who was tho e< . organ ¡of tho Govarnmout, mid not only tho organ of the .Government, but a member of tho Govorniuont, and . ,;who,,!as tho organ of tho Govornmout, was entitled to ., , «omothing, moro than tha ordinary consideration of a ¡iHonipotontiory, both from his high station and ; . groot, talent, aud idso from tho foot, that ho had ¡hoon all along cognisant ol' the viows of the Admi- nistration, ; and had shared its counsels. That noble lord mudo tho request that tho consideration of ' this proposal should be reserved until after ho came b.omo..._ >yoll, what was tho course taken by tho Cabinot upon tho rocoipt of that proposal. That despatch was written on tho 18th of April. It was received on tho íílst, and on that samo 31st goes forth from tho Foreign offico a despatch of grout ability and detail, written by tord Clarondou, condemning from tho first lino to tho last'tho proposal of my noblo friond. (Hear,) By such itn act ns that it must bo admitted tho Cabinot havo in- curred peculiar responsibility. But my noblo friend carno homo. I nm not sure of the preciso dato of his Arrival, hut when ho came homo, not daunted by what lind occurred- if, indeed, ho woro cognizant of it-ho . made his proposal to tho Cabinet of which ho was a ? «nomher. My noblo friend in his speech in this houso . !?' nppenred unablo to explain tho nature of tho transactions ? that had occurred during a particular and most eventful '?''-freck, which my noble friend defined chronologically, if " foot' quite accurately, ns tho weok which began on tho ÖOtli of-April and ended on tho 6th of Moy. Wo havo Ileon1 given to understand that circumstances hud oe. t< -'çurrod that had influenced tho British Government in i'ii.i'lhé"' rejection of that proposal of tho Austrian ¿Ij'QpVarnmont. For myself, I eon do no moro than '>¡ échó tho popular conslruction of certain ornuuhir phrases " ' «but'have-boon used, lind to state what the public under ?>'»> Mood 'by theso mysterious circumstances. Tho public understood thud it wns tho dooision of tho French .Government to reject Ibo Austrian proposal; that ::¡formpd iiiiiow foot in Míe cuso, and had cither wholly or , in,grent part lcd to- its corresponding rejection hythe Cabinet of Groat Britain. I nm bound lo say thal in sny belief i it was not to tito French Government, but to . Óui'solvoH, that tho responsibility ofthat rejection is .wiuiply duo. (Hear.) . There nro signs und tokens that ni'p;iiot to bo inistnkcu in. proof of this, bocnuso there , tvùs-pùblishad in a Belgian uowspupor un account of tho resignation of M. Drouyndo Lhuys which reappeared in .,,Varis.in tho columns of that strictly official journal tho , Moniteur, and it is not too much to say (hat tho direct ... Banetiou of tho'Government was by that publication given to tho statements in that lotter.- And docs that ? : lotter b'enr out tho beliof entertained hy ninny thnt wo rejected .tho proposal ,of my. noble friond.bocnuso tho , .trench Government. had already .decided upon its rojec ,;r; tipixf ..(Why, what did tho Government of Franco say on ! i this' subject 1 Thoso aro tho .words ( pf tho alatemcnt in. ;, tho,Moniteur:- . . . , i r/ «.'¡it is icortam tho English Government decided on ?: Dejecting-it (tho Austrian proposal).. Tho Emperor, ?iii therefore, had tho samo motives , for refusing it-that is bi'to say,i'lhat it didi not: offer mich, a peoco us would give r.BufllnieiU (juat-fttitces to tho Fowors which lind mada so .nany sacrifices lo defend and sccuro IStiropenu rigiit. Mnjotfty had, mprcovc:', a, desiro to maintain in all, I,.i^UhJtntjóftrj[tjrtaud Xóyca, tho nllianco with Engluud, and . i'j',filip,A}e)iiigv ofilhiit Gbvornnicnt' on tho question hoing ':,vnb'ci"ly,Jknp,wn had, beyond any doubt, a certain weight .|,*rath.klin." ,, ".' u .Cíicreforp,,l,upen Uip nulhorily of tho French Govern. ... anent, it is published, to tho world-and, if it bo a merit, Iptitho Cabinet havo tho credit of it, for it is tin answer . ?y,tho cliargC3 niado,by tho right hon. gentleman oppo. eitfMr. 'Bisincli)-j sny it stands recorded beforo tho , fïovldi by tho declaration of tho French Government, : that it was tho nntsrior decision of tho British Ouvorn iiiont to ! reject that in'ojiasal of my noble friend .that had. natttmlly iniluencod tho Eni)icror in bia ., , tlooision., Hore, then, 1 say is peculiarly responsi- bility. resting upon tho Government, flt car, hear.) »ly-i opinion io, that thpsa, aro not quito nil ?i thcTauts, ;> bocaMBft tho, Obvornmonl of this country , .gjlacpd .usi.in ii peouliov and disadvantagcoufi position. ,"f Ufink jt,wBl.uqt fce.di^uied-that, when nt tho end bf , i-.^W'iuid thb bcBlnuirjB.of, Juuo wo dobatcd tho aticsliou of thownr, it wnsjnot_ only upon imperfect Imt garbled liifonnnlion willi rofoVoricb to" tho~most'impörtant poluta nt' isftHov¡"'i(Henr, ;iJionr.) > .._:,mysolf,; standing in thin plrioe, nvguediupon thocnsoins likely touOflour(-'.vtlmt til« 'iiogotiotlonsishnuld bo broken off with Austria upon om side, nnd thnt there wis no nltcrnntive presented to out choice but tho two proposals of Russia. AVith regard tc both of theso fundamental propositions we wero entirely mistaken, nnd although tho information that would have undeceived us was in tho possession of the Government wo woro called upon to voto a solemn deolnration-not, indeed, in tho shape of an.address-of our intention tc support tho Crown in tho prosecution of the war, wc being entirely.in tho dark as to. tho tenus upon whioli pence might he obtained, and as to tho parties by whom thoso terms were. proposed and supported. (Hom-.) All tlioso things point to thc same conclusion, namely that an extraordinary, responsibility rests on thc bonds of her Majesty's advisers, and that if thoj have hoon right in tho 'decision at which thoy have arrived they aro entitled to claim tho exclusivo fame . and glory of that decision ; but, if they hove been wrong they cannot plpnd tho French nllionco ns ari exenso, foi tho. French have already, with .great judgment, put or record (hot what they did was done for fear of oilendinf us. But if thero bo this peculiar responsibility upon tho heads of tho Government, ns thoy aro responsible to tho House of Commons, it must ultimately foll on us Grent praise has boon given to ny noblo friend thc Foreign Secretory on account of tho despatches whiel havo recently boen published ; my right hon. friend ever thought it. worth while to quote tho expressions o; approbation of their spirit and energy winch have faller from members of this House ns a proof that th« policy of the Govomroont has been' improved by'th« House and the country. I accord , most freely to Lort Clarendon, as tho representative of thc Government, 'ni'. tho proiso with regard to thoso. despatches that cor bolong to the highest degreo of ingenuity, ', of force, and of temper; it.is impossible for tho nbility of tho advocate to contribute moro efl'ec'iially to tho success of his cause; hut I lack in thoso despatches what I confess 1 wished to find. I lack tho spirit of n desire for ponce the spirit in which I do not hesitate to sa^ tho noble lord tho member for London would hove written, ond 1 find in them n disposition to roiso every posssible objoc tion against, to anticipnto every reasonable hope of, ti settlement, to placo facts nnd opinions in such on order and to handle them in such a manner, as, if possible, tr justify tho ennying on of tho war.. In speaking thus ol tho tono of tho popers I do not, of course, suppose that my noble, friend would not bo tho first to embroco th« hopo of nn honourablo peace if he could seo his way tc it. Now, let us como to tho facts before us, and in exa. mining them thero oro two points to bo kept in view In tho first placo, would tho objects of tito war havo beer sufficiently accomplished by the acceptance of any of the proposals of peace? In tho second plocc,_oven if those I objects would not have becon achieved in tho dogree whioli wo think dosiroblo, have we, notwithstanding, good reason to believe that it would havo been wiser tc take tho comprehensive view which was taken by mj noble friend tho member for London at Viennn mul, bearing in mind tho importance of maintniiiitij. the great combination with which wo have been neting, to como to nn accommodation 1 As respect! the objects of tho war you havo an extrnor unary choice of alternatives before you. Those objects were defined by tho four points, but it is unnecessary to detain tin House) with the consideration of tho first, second, fourth or tho first part of third of thoso points. You hnvo hoi no less than seven different plans for what is termei; tho so'ulion of tho second port of tho third point. Thi first was tho plan of neutralization referred to by mj right hon. friend,which never saw tho light, but romniin in the limbo of things that have but a portiid existence becnuso ot tho preliminary meeting of tho allies it wm agreed that unless Austria joined in supporting it, which sho was unwilling lo do, it should never bo pro. posed. Then come the plan of my noblo friend, whicl was sent home by him on April Kt. That plan consistée' partly of tho territorial provisions relating to the terri, tory cast mid west of tho Black Seo, and pnrtly of pro visions as to tho actual force to bo maintained in th« waters of tho Black Sea, founded not on tho principle of limitation, but of counterpoise. I will not dwell upon thnt pinn, for, Uko tho first, it never become the subject ol' practical discussion. Then wo . lint! tho pinn of tho allies-a strict and definite bini talion, which was proposed and supported hy thom and rejected by Russia. Thou cunio tho two plans of tho Russian Govornmeut-tho first founded on the bnsis of open straits, with a power in certain coses ol closing them; tho second founded on the basis of closed straits, with a discretionary power of opening them. 1 do not think thnt plan of Russin, although it was Rus- sian, or rather beoauso it was Russian, offered a bod basis on which to proceed, lt seems to mo that it woulil have boon wiser, taking that proposition os the bnsis of your arrnngemciit, to introduco in it thc improvements of which it was susceptible than to reject it os it wns rejected. Thoso pions, however, oro entirely gone by, but they wero the only plans of which the House hod any knowledgo nt thc time of our formel discussions on this great question. (Hear, henr.) Since that period there havo como to light tho two plans, which may bo colled tho Austrian pions, although if I follow my right hon. friend in giving them that nomo, it must not bo used ad invidiam. Tho first of them proccadcil on tho principio of counterpoise, and the second on tho principio of limitation nnd counterpoise. They wero not original conceptions of Austria, . but, if not founded on nclunl suggestions from, they had at any rote tko approval of tho representativos of England and France. Svhnt were Dioso two plans upon which tho justification of the present debate roust rest ? Tho first proposal of tho 18th of April was founded on theso twobnses-first, that thero should be a guarontco of the territory of Turkoy ; next, that in case Russia should at any timo increase hor fleet in tho Black fc'ea beyond tho strength it hod attained in 180!) such inórense should constitute n cants belli. My right hon. friend almost entirely confined his speech to that proposal, in n great degreo overlooking tho fact that another proposal was made by Austria entirely different in character, which was brought to the knowledge of tho conference nt its lost mooting, on the 1th of June. Tho latter proposal was to this efil-ct, thnt tho original parties to tho quarrel, Russia and Turkey, should in tho first instnnco ngreo between themselves, and should subsequently proposo to the conference thc nuiouut of forco which they wera ench to maintain in tho Black Sea. 1'riwd facie, tho proposal wns founded on tho principio of limita- tion ; nnd if that principio bo ns valuable as you state, you thus had tho menus given you of obtain- ing it. But long before tho proposition was mndo her Majesty's Government lind anticipated it by hostile comment. Thoy had said that tho plan of settlement by coHnterr.il agreement suggested by tho French plenipo- tentiary would not do, and thnt they know what it meant when embodied in treaty, becnuso in a similar cose-and they instanced tho treaty of Vienna-Russin, supported hy tho Northorn Bowers, lind said that incorporation of tlmt kind amounted only to registration. In consequence I supposo, of this argument, we refused even to take into consideration tho second Austrian proposal nt tho cón furencos. Now, what is tho responsibility wo liuvo incur- red with respect to theso two proposals! Tho first pro- posal, founded on tho principle of counterpoise, was tumlo with tho nuthority of nil tho plenipotentiaries- nt Viennn with tho authority of tho noblo lord tho member forLon I don, and with that ol' fha French plenipotentiary, who nttestod tho sincerity of his convictions by resigning his ofileo; and if my noblo friend did not tnkea similar step, it was becnuso lie though-rightly or wrongly-that high political exigencies demanded from him a sncrillce. The Turkish plenipotentiary had given that proposnl n favour j able rccojitioii ; and it was nt that time tho proposition of Austria itself. Now, Sir, I venturo to say, without fear of contradiction, thnt long ns this win- moy lost (mid it may last long), you novor will ovcrcomo tho significance and importance of this fact-Hint,all tho plenipo- tentiaries of all tho Towers (Turkoy included) assembled at Vionnn, tho Austrian, French, and English plcnipo toiitiarioB. being likewise either chief Ministers or high Ministers of their.respoctivo Sovereigns, with ono mind and ono consent urged that proposai upon their own Governments. (Hear, hcav.) You will never get over thu influence of that fact ; and it is vain for you nfter this to think of regaining tho opinion of Europe. Thnt opinion cannot bo upon your side, in ilcflnnco ol'such n weight ol' evidence as that ono fact disclotiop. (Henr, . hoRi.j I say that tho Hist proposal should have been accepted; but, turning lo tho second, 1 coi il ess that I wns astounded ot tho cavalier mininer in which it wns denlt with.. This second proposnl offered you thu nltornutivo of limitation, and of limitation together with counter- poise ; becnuso it did not stop willi providing tba' tho Rowers should themselves proposo nn arrangement that should become nu inUgrnl part of tho treaty, hut likewise gavo Turkey a right lo open tho straits in caso of dnngor. And, although 1 do not think tho forms in which tho power was reserved to Turkey were quito satisfactory or largo enough, yet, talion in connexion with thu comment of Count Bnoi, I timi it was intended flint they should bo mudo ellbclive, to entibio tho J'orlo to call in tho m'd of its lillies when- ever it deemed its security to- bo menncod. "Why do I soy thnt this proposnl was entitled lo a formal considera- tion in tho conferences ? Upon this, account that it had already buen declared hy thu plenipotentiaries themselves to ho proferablu to.tho other proposal to which they iliad fohneriy-Ljiven their assent. If you refer to. pogo ll 'oí paper ha. ö, you will seo that nt a meeting of ,!hq jileó!-" ltolcuttarios.it Wh8 detemiuiod thal this^oiu'so.shouïdjbo" .mtv, < ~yt ^5 j-j [i »j / \ } /: / f. t | /, ( adopted at tlio conférences; tliat tlioy Hhoiilil nrbposo to Russin, first of all,"thu strict limitation desired by .Englnnd :nnd Franco ;; >noxV tho iplau which suhso. quontly 'boenmo tho second'Austrian proposal ¡ , and, -lastly, tho. pinn which .subsequently becamo tho first .Austrian; proposnl ; nnd,-,thoreforo, this proposition _ of oounterpoiso and ¿ limitation: received tho sanction of tho 'plenipotentiaries: oven in a higher degrco than tho project of oounterpoiso nlono. Yet that plan, when brought before her Majesty's Grovommont, was summarily rejected, and tho members of tho conference wero not oven allowed to discuss it. Lot mo advort for a moment to tho argumont that you cannot trust to a limitation tobo effected by a collateral agreement. Why ennnot you trust to such a limitation ? Because, you sj^. thore woro certain collateral engage- ments introduced into tho treaty of: Vienna which Rus- sia considered ns only inserted there for registration. Well, what could bo easier thnn for you to pro ride that tho incorporation of snob an instrument should not bo n moro registration, but should render it, as, indeed, tho Anstrinn proposal intended, an integral part of tho treaty. First of all, then, you rejected the opportunity of making pence, be- cause yon thought tho dill'eronco between counter- poise and limitation so grent that while you would accept limitation you would not accopt couutor poiso; and next, when you have the : offer of counter- poise and limitation combined, tho limitation only being reduced to aforra that saved tho honour of Russia, you absolutely refuso that proposal. Therofore, I. say-that my right hon. friend is entirely wrong, and his speech will altogether mislead tho Houso if it induces it to infer that- wrotched as I should regard such a ground of wnr-tho object for, which this contest is prolonged is tho maintenance of limit- ation as against counterpoise." In onother point my right hon. friend's narrative absolutely demands expla- nation, bceauso ho gives us to understand that we could in.no enso secure tho.military aid of Austria. lam sony to : say tho great confusion in which-it moy bo from the fault of nobody, but probably from tho Tieccs ?sity of tho case-this matter is prosentod to us, owing to tho number of tho parties concerned and tho way in which tho communications havo been carried on in dif- ferent places at tho same time, has obviously quito be- wildered and deceived my right hon. friend ; for I con show you that Austria did give you on absolute pledge, in a cortain event to which it wasinyour power to conduce, that she would go to war. (Hear.) I state that boldly and broadly, nud chollengo contradiction, of which I know perfectly well tho case docs not admit. Tho facts were these. Austria made two proposnls. Tho first of them being rejected by tho British Government, tho question of Austria going to war in regard to it never could arise, becauso that result was mndo to depend on its refusal by Russia. Austria brought forward another proposal in tho con- ference, ofter her first ono had been rejected by the Western Powers ; and my right hon. friend leaves it to ho supposed that when sho mndo thot second proposal sho distinctly intimated thot she would not go to war if Russia refused to accept it. That is tho case of my right hon. friend. But ho hos omitted from his view that npon which the whole merit of tho question _ tunis, and that which I havo proved beyond tho possibility of doubt -viz., that in tho interval between these two proceed- ings -a communication como from Austria which in- volved a junction of tho two proposals, upon the re- jection of which sho was prepared to go to war. Austrin did not oiler to go to.wnr for either proposal singly ; but sho did this :-" Let us propose to Russia those two plans jointly, and if sho rejects thom both wo will then draw the sword." (" Heor, hear," from Lord J. Russell.; My right hon. friend made a faint allusion to_ this part of tho Austrian communication, and said it was modo after tho decision hod been token by her Majesty's Government. After what decision? Why after tho decision to reject tho first Austrian proposal, but beforo tho conference at which tho second proposnl of the snmo Power was rejected. Before that conference, while everything wns stilly open, her Majesty's Government received from Austria the communication from which 1 sholl read a very brief extract j and, with this document in their hands, they sent fresh orders to tho conference, or allowed orders previously sent to operate there, which absolutely closed tho door against aogoiiation. (Hear, hear.) The passage which I shall quote hos already been referred to by my hon. friend (Mr. Lning), but as it is of such deep importnuco in the controversy, mid the matter has really been so much obscured by the inndequnto statement of dutnils mndo by my right hon. friend, I mny bo forgiven if 1 rend n few lines from it to tho House. Tho words in question sro contained in a letter from Count Buol to Count Colloredo. My right hon. friend said something nbout the wont of direct communication with our Government on the puH of Austria. 1 trust that ho does not intend to take his ground upon that distinction. Tho distinction between limitation and counterpoise is, I think, bad enough as a ground for war. This letter was addressed by Count Buol to Count Collo- redo, and communicated by tho latter directly to Lord Clarendon, in whoso hands it wns left on tho port of the Austrian Government, whose cntiro authority it parried, and upon whom its contents were absolutely binding. The words are »hose : " As to tho'third principle, wo hove proposed to our allies, ot tho same time binding ourselves in case of need to support it by force of arms, a solution which it is our firm conviction would be effectual, complete, and agreeable to European interests." Something hos been said about these words referring to a casus belli occurring hereafter if Russia increased her licet beyond her strength in 1853. Tho paragraph which follows entirely disposes of such o construc- tion : » If Russin, being placed in a position to ogreo to ono or other of these proposals of tho ultimatum, hod rejected holli of them, wo should then havo lind proof that sho will decidedly not give her assistance to the completo realization of tho third guarontco, in so fur as its object is to imt on end to Russian preponderance in the Blnck Sen. It being impossible, therefore, to do elso thou consider ns exhausted tho meons of concilia- tion for bringing obout such a peace os tho interests of líuropo, mid our own in particular, require, tho Emperor, our august mnster, decided to have recourse to nrms ns n menus of obtaining tins ponce." Mr. WILKINSON.-What is tho dato of that docu- ment ? Mr. GLADSTONE.-It is dated Vienna, Moy 20. Wo do not know the dnto at which it was communicated to Lord Clarendon, but it is clear it must have been beforo tho 2nd of June, for on thot doy Lord Clarendon writcB to Lord Westmoreland on tho subject of it; ondit was not till tho dth of that month that tho proposal was formally mode to tho conference, mid thc door closed upon negotiation hythe direction of our Government. Therefore, having tho promise of Austria to muk'cadoublo proposnl to Russin, involving two alternativos-tho one counterpoise nlone, and tho othor counterpoise with limitation by collateral agreement; and having also hor promise to go to wnr in . tho event of tho rejection of both proposals, our Government refused to accept that proposal ol' Austria, und determined on the conti- nuation of tho war. My right lion, friend (Sir J. Graham) reminds mo that this idea oil'proposing a plurality of plans to Russin, and making tho alternativo of war depend on tho rejection of_ tho whole-nn idea evidently conceived in a pacific spirit-owes its ori- gin to the noble lord tho member fur Loudon, who closed his lotter of .tho 18th of April with words to this efi'ect, -flint if her Majesty's Government decided on nccopting any ono of tho threo proposals mndo nt tho conference ho thought they ought to insist upon Austria, making tho rejection of all three a cristin belli. So much for tho philis you have refused. I cnn hardly express my feelings when I consider thnt we nro mnking wnr-gigan- tic wnr-onnccountof such pnltry differences. (Henr, hear.) No doubt, thoro is in this country a strong wnr porty, and a strong war feeling, but neither the parfy nor tho feeling is that to which my right hon. friend tho Secretary of Stato belongs. (Hear.) Thoro oro pnr lios entertaining more extended objects (henr) ; they havo feelings of greater exaspération, requiring much moro to allay them ; they look io European changes ; they look to rovolulionnry struggles ; they look to affecting what thoy consider .progress-and progress by pacific nicolis wo oil desire to seo accomplished ; they look to that great object; snmo look not so much to that; but none look fur limitation instead of counterpoise. (Hear.) Now, I think my hon. "friend tho member for Kidderminster (Mr. Lowoj lins expressed ii good opinion of limitation -ho lins even mndo a motion in this houso upon it. Doos ho recollect tho falo of that motion ? How many persons adopted Hint doctrino ol'limitation, n limitation which was tho hinge of penco and wnr? I doubt whe thor tho Government would find upon a voto 10 ad- herents in this house. But my right hon. friend soys, and snys truly, limitation was a proposal wo were bound to moko to Russia. Wo had 'agreed to it, but wo wore also free to consider it further; wo had not agreed to anything, nor, ns my right hon. friend put it, hod wo made limitation tho bingo of peace or war. I think, if wo confine ourselves to considering tho details of thoso proceedings, however clfnr and howover strong our views and convictions limy be, wo do injustico tn thom. There is a deeper question nt issue limn tho particular conditions and tho difference between Ihoso particular conditions. How oro tho aggressive tendencies of Russia to bb ofl'ootuolly] ro Btrainc.d ? What is tho war into which wo have plunged ? 'It is ii war in defenco of Turkey.,' How is'.Turkey to bo effectually deferidèd ? Sir, in my ópiuion¡ Laving obtained the groot nW essential ohieots-tlio abolition dritnkshui rights over tito Principalities, «nd tho destruction Ol Russian claims upon nco Christians-I do not, liositato to sny tho host peooo will ho, not that which looks host upon papor-not that which in tho abstract lins tho host claims to ¿ur npprovnl, butthnt which will command tho united support of Kuropo. (Hoar.) It is to tho sup- port of Europo wo must look if wo aro to talk of re- straining Russia. Groat ns is tho power of England nnd Frnnoo, I defy you for any length of timo so to turn tho course of nature and of events as by tho ellbrts of tho two western Powers to control tho paramount destinies of Russia. You moy, by gigantio and unheard of ellbrts, succeed for a momoi.t-1 grant that, nlthough I doubt it - in effecting your purpose, but it is tho success of a moment only. It is impossible to contemplate as a normnl stnto of things that union and identification of tho wholo wost, which is tho first condition of such success : but, j ovon if that, existed, it is impossible to be done. As Mr. Burke said, when discussing tho American proposi tion, of representation for tho colonies, " You have tho ocean and 3000 miles agniust you ;" opposuit natura. So now we have tho ocean, 3000 miles of sea, against us. There is but one way of maintaining what I call the great international policy of Europe-but one way of keeping within bounds any aggressive Power, nnd that is, by maintaining not so much great fleets, which 1 bolievo to bo milly nu insignificant part of tho case, but tho moral union- tho elective concord of Europe Now, what course has been pursued here ? We are told that Russis is a Power from whom wo aro not to oxpect tho observance of treatise-you cannot trust to her good faith. We oro not told that from an unnuthoritntivo source, but her Modesty's Government put up their Attorney-General, who expends his unsuipasscd in genuily in detailed demonstration, amidst tho cheers of this House, that it is impossible to bind Kussia by tren tíos. (Hoar, hear.) Now, I am not about to claim any peculiar sanctity or purity for the policy of Russia-lam not ready to assert that for our own policy.-I nra not prepared to claim it for our usual policy ii' tho East still less, or quite as little, am I prepared to assert it for Russin. I am ready-if this really bo tho opinion of Her Majesty's Government, thut keeping faith is not to bo expected from Russia-to accept that doctrine. 1 have heard that thero is at St. Petersburgh a considera- ble party who say, " What fully in our Government not to accept the treaty ; they should have accocded to nny plan-peace would have been made, the vicissitudes of politics would have separated England and Prance, and then we could have sot at nought tho stipulations of tho treaty." I am told that thero is a porty which holds that doctrine, but, on the other hand, 1 nm also told thero nro people in Russia, os in other countries, who look upon that doctrine as tho essence of villany, ond who desire that no peace should bo made which involves dishonour to the country. I wunt to show, however, the glaring contrariety of tho course pursued by the Govern- ment with tho arguments they employ. They say through tho Attornoy-Gcncrol, " Wo cannot trust Russia upon any tonus ; but, if you cannot trust her what is tho alternativo f What should you do ? Why, not to rely on wretched stipulations, -which you yourselves declare to bo worthless for the purpose, but to rely upon tho maintennce ol' that union-that com- bination of the moral and material strength of Europe which you found availublo for tho purpose two yenrs ago, and which, but for your own acts, might bo nvnilnble to you hereuftor. If you cannot trust to treaties, trust to something independent of treaties ; trust to tho enlight- ened sonso ot tho gcuoral interest in tito pcoco of Europe, for it is by that union und common sen so alone that Russia cnn bo permanently coerced. But, no, the Government say, " Wo have declared trenlies to be worthless ;" and yet, for tho sake of n stipulation in a treaty which nobody outsido tho Cabinet thinks worth anything, and even the Secretary of Stnto tells us it not a sine quá nan,-yet for tho snke of it they will dissolve the combination of Europe ; they will break thc last link which unites us to G cnn any, reduce us to a state of comparativo isolation ; they will turn tho favourablo current, of European opinion, nnd, mndly pressing on tho conflict, which they will do nil in their power to render dospornte, they reject tho golden opportunity which tho mercy of Providence has plnced in our wny to enable us to restore penco to Europe. (Henr, henr.j With respect to tho grent power of Austria and Russia, I confess I am not muong thoso who in nil casos sympathize with Rus- sian or Austrian views on tho mode of mannging thc domestic allhirs of tho Stntes of Europe. I havo but little mime in the Courts of A'ienna and St. Petersburg, but that little is, I fear, a bud ono, for I nm not sup- posed to admiro tho policy whicli thoso Powers, if they do not prnctiso themselves, havo been, I think, too opt to countennnce nnd support in other qiinrters. (Henr.) But thut is not tho question now before us. Wo nro to consider what our position to Austria was and is. What was it ? You said you had no advantage from tho Aus- trian nllinncc. AV hy, you lind this advantage-that she neutralized tho action of UOO.OOO men, of whom tho first fruits nro now Unding their wny to tho plains of tho Crimea, who will soon bo, if they ore not nlrendy, among thc ranks of our adversarios. As long ns we had tho Austrian alliance, her occupation of tho principali- ties hud quite a dilfcreut character to that which it now bears. I cannot regard that occupation ns being in itself otherwise than a grent evil. (Henr, henr.) I havo often been astonished during tho courso of this controversy, when tho occupation of tho principalities-first by Russia, and then hy Austria-has been discussed,-month niter month, entirely ns a question of payment of some X'J.0,000 a yenr to Turkey, but never in reference to the happiness, tho well-being, tho freedom, or tho peace of the millions ol'inhabitants of thoso principalities. Tho occupation of the principalities by Austria was useful. You endured it, because sho formed a barrier ngninst Russia. I do not know now against whom sho forms a barrier, or whether sho will hereafter practically occupy the Principalities for or against us. Well, Sir, tlieso things have changed in regard to Austria, and I must say I look on tho change that has been brought about in the occupation of tho Principalities ns most serious. I think it still moro serious, because, after tho fcehlo policy of Prussia, it wns on tho support of Austria nlono you could rely to keep up any thing liko thu character of on European combinutiou-a diameter which entitled us to use that lofty language which Lord Clarendon not unbecomingly outplayed in tho autumn, when ho declined to disputo tho caso with Russia as between equals. Ho said, and was entitlod to say,-" Europe hus pronounced on tho respective posi- tions of tho purties." But I nm afraid that wo shall not find changes stop thero. 1 think after tho refusal which Austria has received from us to her proposal, nnd niter she lind been told, ns I bolievo sho wns, that the Russinn Government was ready to accept her proposition, I fear wo must look to n gradual widening of the interval which now seporatos us from that power; and it is not n little remarkable, if tho common sources of infnrmntion bo trusted, that, following upon tho diplomatic rupture, wo find Austria first stripping tho Polish frontier of troops, and diminishing her army, and then wo hear thal sho is strengthening her garrisons in Italy. These nro, indeed, serious circumstances, and they aro circumstances of which wo begin to feel tho magnitude when wo recollect all tho special pleading bestowed on tho differences betweed counterpoise and limitation. It is quite truo that wo still retain certain allies. Turkey is our nlly. Is that ically an addition of strength ? I have been reproached for having usod at o former limo disparaging language in respect to Turkey. If my object was to disparage Turkey I could have snid much moro ; nnd could havo roferred to tho history of former periods, nnd to tho pnrt which ' tho Turks hud then plnyed. But I lind but ono object. Seeing thut wo wore coining nearer to tho likelihood of war, I . was désirions, in tho littlo .1 said on this subject, that that little should not tend to blind, but to open tho eyes of tho pcoplo of England, und to give them to understand what calculations they ought to mnkc, and what reliance they could justly lillico on tho strength and resources of Turkey to aid them in the war. It appears to mo that our alliance with Turkey moyho ono of a similar character to that mentioned in ancient story. When /Eneas escaped from tho Hames of Troy ho lind nn nlly, mid that nlly wns his futilely Anclases, and tho pnrt which /Eneas per- formed in tho alliance was to curry on his back-his father, whom ho addressed in theso words : " Ergo nge, chore pnter, ccrvici imponere nostrro j Ipso siibibo humoris." I commend theso words, and tho meaning of tlieso words, to her Majesty's Government, mid especially to my right hon. friend the Chancellor of tho Exchequer, fur ho is thc particular Minister to whom, I think will belong tho duty nnd honour which thoso words m ny imply. (Laughter.) This result would ensue, from no, wont of honesty on tho part of Turkey, but it is tho fact thut her Mnhomcdnn institutions nro decrepit; Hint tho youthful nnd vigorous clements of European Turkey are underneath, and that thoanciont and worn-out clements of society thoro aro nbovo. (Hour.) It is tho fnct Hint sho wnnts tho ordinnry organizations of government; Is it not tho fnct that, in order to raise her revenues in ordinary times, Turkey lins to trust, in n grent degree/ in many provinces to (ho agency "of' military force, which of courso is now 'concentrated'and absorbed iii tho war against Russia? Her roycnucs^V thorpfdroj' cnnhot bo raised j and tile ¡habit of riot'paying taxes isfond which forms' itself with great'Tacility-' (a laugh), 'and',' when ' oricd '1 formed is .oxtremqlytfiuleu^ regard''to bur ^nll^Turkp'j^Tam .bound ttl'iï^^that-'thjB gmtóst'danger ) i'1-,ntir,;¡r.-l, I. ,Cloiil'-ff'.- jilli! ylH-..",1lij--.. ' I v ... '? of Ulis \vnr ís.Vtlint tho prolonfiulion ol' it must bring n1m«t^ho^öW^vilaryou-Bi\ia-wi)ro-to bo avoided, ,Thw,o:is'inoipmnôtliai*ntpor.or1,lof"Russin, could hnvo devised HO surd 'nod ofl'oQtiial Ppr, his purpose of exhaust lng r iTurkoy niimïdrnilloftyingiii.hor nan ,.ciwy prey ns I.MUW plnn.ioowhich,: lii.though you havo not dcvisod it, younro : propnred to not upon namely, thnt of an indefinite pursuit of wnr without objects clonr or adequate. Every month, every week, nnd ovory day you continuo tho war make moro intense, moro obvious, nnd more visiblo tho decrepitude and exhaustion of Turkey. I nm not now about to discuss tho merits of tho Turkish lonn, hut I protost on my own behalf, ns well as on tho hehnlf of my right hon. fiionds near mo, thnt tho rensons which lcd us to go the length of voting in opposition to it were not pecuninry and financial, bur had referonco to tho very alliances you sought to promote, nnd, nbove all, to tho objects of this war. The principio of gunriin teeing money to Turkey is fatal, inasmuch as it creates a stnto of political dopen dence. You havo gone to war to secure the integrity and independence of tho Turkish empire, und then, in order to prosecuto tho war, you induco Parliament _ to pass a measure which will leave Turkey in the position of a slave. If wo wont a fair test of tho political effects of this guarantee, let ns ask ourselves what wo should have thought if tho arrangements wo have just made had been, under different circum- stances, between Russia and Turkey-if Russia hod been guaranteeing to Turkey, with ninny kind words, a loon of Xñ.OOO.OüO? I venture to say thnt such on arrangement and its accompanying mortgages would have furnished ground for n filth point; nnd wo should have declared it to be totaUy inconsistent with the inde- pendence of Turkey under her peculiar circumstances. (?Hear.) ¡io much for Turkey, ond'now with respect to Sardinia. I, for one, huvo tho highest opinion of the honour and intelligence of that country. Though the pressure ou her finances is severe, she has gallantly boroo up against it, and sho lins made ovor.y exertion becoming n nation in tho highest state of civilization. Sho has a balance, though with difficulty between her revenuo and expenditure, hut it is impossible to suppose that sho con contribute greatly to such gigantic burdens as this war will entail. I must confess 1 begin to feel some compunction with respect to Sardinia, Tho invita- tion we gove to her to join us might bo right or wrong ; but it was bona fide represented hy us thnt sho was to bo ono in a European combination, representing tho united sentiment of lîuropo, und now, having got her into thnt combination, wc chango its chnroctcr, and render it not a comprehensive, but an isolated alli- ance. (Henr.) I mn.not without apprehension that wo may be found to have incurred a deep responsibility with respect to Sardinia if wo corry on this war, making her nu adjunct merely in promoting Trench and English policy. With respect to France itself, is there any doubt of tho tendency and leanings of tho French in reference to this war? I bel ¡evo the French people did nppreciuto the objects of tho war, and were ready to make socrificos for thoso objects, but 1 protest utterly against tho con- struction put hy some writers on thc great operations wo hove seen tnke pince in reference to thc loan. lu my opinion nothingas more groundless thnn to connect the . avidity with which great sums hove been subscribed with any general enthusiasm for tho pursuit of this war. If you ask for an explanation of the facts, I nm quito sure that hon. gentlemen connected with tho city could lilford it. Tho rnto of interest odored by tho French Govern- ment nnd the terms of subscription were so high and favourable for oil having money to invest that tho invest- ment competed advantageously willi every other kind of investment. Rut let its look to tho other side of tho question, and consider the position of tho debtor, Hardly ony one appears to havo realized what hos taken place. In 1(1 short months of wnr Frnnco lins ndded to her public debt, spenking in round numbers, 4:100,000,000 sterling. She has offered to tho creditor nearly 5 per cent, interest and on immense bonus, which, on tho return of peace, he will obtain by the improvement of the capitol voluo of his stock. lt is pretty obvious that for objects of remoto nnd general poliuv the French people arc not likely to go on adding ¿'100,000,000 to tho debt once in every 10 months for theso differences between counterpoise nnd limitation. If you wont to bo intelligi- ble to Frnnco you must uso other language, associating itself with tho former glories mid military traditions of tho country. Depend on it, there is danger ond Appre- hension in that quarter, nnd those who ore wiso and earnest in a desire to promote the French nllianco will bo of opinion that it would bo best promoted by tho ncceptance of such terms as I lmvo referred to. lt is soid that the groat efforts being made by Russia must bo intolerable to her. I nm not prepared to rely on tho broken reed of speculation in this country ns to tho probable fiunneinl exhaustion of Russia. The noble lord nt tho head of the government told us thnt tho expenses of Russia in 'this wnr nmottntcd to £«0,000,000. I do not know whnt means tho noble lord lind of forming a judgment on that point; nnd for my part I find it difficult to obtain information with respect to Russin. I believed that wo hud a press in this country free, and not only legnlly but morally, to discuss everything; but I do not knew where to look in tho En- glish papers for Russian documents, such as Count Nessclrodo's note of tho 4th of Juno to tho Austrian Government, communicating satisfaction nt thc Austrian ' occupntion of tho principalities, mid reudinoss to respect it. I bolievo that has not been published in ony English newspopors. But do not let us build upon any such precarious calculations with respect to Russia. As fin- ns fncts go, wo hnvo no light to reckon upon Russian exhaustion. Thoro nro certain tests-look to the stnto of tho exchnnges, nro they vitally affected ? 1 Is tho rato of import duties materially raised, or is tho price received for exports nt tho pince of expor- tation grenlly reduced ? Of courso I do not refer to corn, becnuso I hnve no doubt that in ninny pnrts of Russin tho lírico of corn must hove been grently rouueed ; but when wo nro spenking of Russin, with reference to the influences which licnr upon her policy, wo ought not to spook so much of that vast space which is covered by tho territorial designation, ns of those portions to which St. Petersburg mid Moscow ore central. Thoso mo tho parts which aro to be regarded as affecting tho policy of tho Russian Government. I sny, then, that you have no reason to speculate upon the cxhnustion of Russia ns likely to ovorbcor her wishes mid resolutions in référ- ence to tho prosecution of this war. Then with respect to tho spirit and feeling of tho Russian people omi of thu Russinn army. I do not speak now of tho Russian Government. In tho mouths of tho Russinn Govern- ment it may bo that tho phrosos of pntriotism mid reli- gion oro mero emit phrases. But they ni e not so in thc mouths of thc Russinn pcoplo mid tho Russian army. Lot any hon. gentleman pat himself in tho pince of the Russinn soldier. Against whom is ho fighting? Agninst tho horeditniy onemios of his mee, against thoso whom he is taught to consider tho hereditary enemies of his religion, agninst tho invaders of his soil. If there aro two motives which con act upon tho human heart-if thoro oro two incentives which cnn draw forth from a mon all tho power mid energy of which ho is possessed, aro they not theso two-first, that ho is fighting against the enemy of his religion ; and, secondly, that ho is defending his own soil, which tho Russian people have at present to work upon them ? Lot mo hero relate to tho Houso an nnccdoto which hos lately reached me I think, on good authority. It illustrates tho spirit which tho Russian Government is enabled to infuso into its army, and it illustrates nlso with tremendous force, all that wo havo boon told of tho loss which has boon sustained by tho Russian army in this war. Tho Houso will see that this is not a concocted nnccdoto, but thnt it boors upon it tho evidences of voracity. 40,000 men, I cannot nome tho corps, arrived nt Porekop on their way to tho Russian camp in tho Crimea ; thc ense was urgent, ond tho men were desired to march on at tho roto of 30 vorsts a-doy-which tho House will seo is a long march, somewhat under SO milos n-doy. Tho men said, " Do not impose upon us any fixed distanco ; let usmaroh as far as wo cnn." They reached tho Russian enmp n distance of liiO milos-in tho courso of four' dnys, but they lost on tho way 10,000 mon. Thoy left Porekop 40,000 strong ; only 00,000 men reoched the camp. 'This tends to confirm, you will soy, all wo havo been told of tho enormous numbors which havo perished in tho Rus- sian anny during this war, nnd you will toll mo thnt it is impossible for ony country long to withstand such a drain, but is thoro not nuothcr aspect under which we ought to regard this oneedoto ? What must bo tho spirit of that soldiery, what its power of passive endurance, its dovotion to tho will of the Emperor, nnd what tho strength of its sen timon ls of patriotism and religion when tho zeal of the men outruns the orders of tho com-' mnndcrs, mid aro ready to mnko efforts such ns those, nnd even willi tho knowledgo that in tho short spaco of -four dnys, without a bond being lifted against ' them; ono ' ont of every four would hnvo füllen ? . (Hear, hear.) 1 seo thnt some hon. gentlemen smile, but I confess it appears to mo that tho fact is full of menning with refer- ence to tho futuro prospects of this war. (H'onr,'hear.) Havo you noticed, too, what took place in Sebastopol on tho SO th of Juno ? And this, T nm glad to soy, we know through tho medium of our own papers. It is a Russinn necount, but it comes round to us through tho Deutsche Vost- - ?. ? . . . .?. ? " On thu 20th tho burial of tho dend wns continued,' but townrds evening tho ling of truce wus removed' mid the bombardment recommenced, but much nioro 'feebly thnn before; Tho sonic doy Te.'Dcum wns'Bung'in lho; church of St. Vladimir hr tho' celebration of oui' happy ' success, and tho soldiers who'attended; wóro''tho' same clothes which tlioy'had'worii iii tho'struggle;1'and'not a Bingle coot was'1 to bd''1 Been' thoro ^vh'ich -whs'not'-'dyed1 1 willi blooiU'"'ia' tho- övcnliib' thöSVholcVgahiiäön bf Sebos-' .mu -:1 bul! mid ol b.it/.fituiu ww li lm,i ,.i¡ lu;.- «. 1 ;..< uni r./.-iiiiÄ oilT ,1«V7 l/i vmliitttft'i "ti. io/Ji.. »iii »vj,,: ! i.t tnpol reooivoil tho Soonunent. *. Osten Sookon with his stall' >>aooivod- it- first, ^nnd-tho-reat_of~tko..treopain succession,", IUI [Hil UJ imnaiiu, ,. ^"V,, u'>'! VY, ,7 1. / lil "ff I .'VT^ by circumstances., to . wondrous ,Mnqlivi(y,; , wluçh'-'hog ennhled Russie, '. to .ocQuiijV.'sb^pVonnriorit, 'a'.'position in tho offoirs . of Hip wprld,'[ which' 'Will'.'riot !ennbh> - her to become fin-midnblo to you 'sq lpii^' ri^ydur'ciiiBdig just, but which it will bb worth yoiir',;w|ii.lo tp! consider when you begin to doubf.,of its justico/ "So muoh'frir tho position of Russia with regard!to t|iis''^af"',Bcfore'sittlng down I nm hound to.oxp'ress'my gratitude to tho Houso for tho pntieneo with which it lins .heard "mo. 'When I . reflect that my right hon. friends niid_myself who wore - parties to tho decision to enter into this 'war (Ministerial cheers), at tho vory moment.wo como to a clearücbnvio (ion that it ought no iongor to bo pursued are'allowed to oxprqss ourselves with cn tiro freedom nnd to utter tho strongest sentiment ngninst tho policy wo 'condemn, - I must say I novor knew n more conspicuous instance «f the length to which freedom of speech is ca'rricd.in'thîs glorious .country. Wo cannot do it without /suspicion,, without taunts,, or without sneers. Ihcs'o'tliings' .aro to '.* ho expected, nnd I. fully .ndmit,,'that 'if, her ^Majesty's Govornmont lind ncccptcd thq..proposais' .'recommended hy my noblo friend tho raenihcr.for lxindon,' they would havo.paid tho forfeiture bf placo:nnd.powoi\ /'(Hear, henr.) They would haye Buffered,; too, undor'whnt'.is harder to boar-a storm of ridicule. !_Wö''kri0$,Vsbmc. . thing of .what that is, but they, w.ouhT.hnvo tb bèarit'in a still greater degree. We do not complain pT.thesb'thingg, wo ndmit that to a largo portion br'thp.,'cpm'm'uriityV it. must bo irritating and exasperating', tb'sepj tliosp'who wore among tho original counsellors of tlib .warnow1 cn. denvouring to bring it to an end. I nm doúbly/thniikful, therefore, to this House lor tho freo /permission~it ' lins givon us to express nil wo feel on" this; im. portant subject. Tho H ouse will feel that if ' 'wo aro wrong our responsibility is great - indeed ; . but, with our convictions, we, above all aro. bound to endeavour to draw the country forth from' this grent struggle on tho .earliest occasion when we"; think it can bo dono with honour. I am not ashamed tb say that ' I remain of my original opinion as to the justice of this war at its commencement. There aro gentlemen who sit near mo who think dilferontly from mo in that respect, and who, I believe, wcro ready to havo censured! us'for . entering into it. Between us and them, therefore, there cnn bo no conspiracy, no combination. I .differ.''from them in this-3 think we had cnuso to go into this war. I think thnt it wns not only n just niid necessary ' war, but that it could not havo been avoided--that, it was absolutely necessary to cut thc meshes bf the'not'in wliich Russia had entangled Turkey. 1 entered into a war, the objects of which I onn define-they arb to'.be found in'tho Four Points. It was a war carried on hy a united people in tho name and on bohnlf of Eu'rppeï.ïnto which wo entered, backed by a Europenn combination mid by tho authority of European law. It ¡was ¿.war which wo undertook, not only joined in actual pporntipns J willi Prance, but with Austria nnd Prussia .(backward though thc lutter lins shown herself), linked in a/treaty with us to resist Russia in case of ccrtnin eybnts.pccur rintf, which were then considered to bo both probablo mid near. Thnt wns tho nature cf the wur.intd.'which wo went, and it was perfectly obvious,, from..the nature of that war, that certain gcnerid rules were!applicable to it to which wo ought nt least to conform.-. No doubt, the mau who advises his Sovereign to gp, to war cannot possibly give security for nn escapo -from tho "struggle which ho begins ; but tho very nature of this war showed that, if possible, it ought to bo short. Every war, which . depends on alliances ought to bp a .short,war..',It.was not a distrust of Pi-once, as my right hon. friend tho . Homo Secretary would; -moko, put, . which led my hon- friond near mo , .(Mr. .... Laing) to anticipate danger to tho French alliance from a continuance of the war. It is because, it is the very nature of a war, when prolonged, to endanger alliances; mid every war, therefore, wliich is,to be carried on by ullinnccs ought to bu short, sharp, nnd decisive. You moy tell mn-our war was not.a short, sharp, and decisive war. My answer is that our. war was a war for tho four points. You may condemn- it if you like. I om spenkiug of what is historical-not of my own opinion of what ought to havo beon, but what certain records tell you actually wos. It was a war. for certain objects, defined in what are called four points, or bases. Those objects have been, in our judgment attained, and, having been attained, although wo may not have chosen to avail ourselves of tho offer which has been mode, is it inconsistency to sny thut the war ought to bo brought, to n close? Would it not, on tho contrni-y, havo been thc most contemptible effeminacy of character if a man in my position, who feels that ho hus been instrumental in bringing his country into this struggle, were to hesitate a single moment when he was firmly convinced in his own mind that thc,timo had arrived when she might with honour escape from it? That was the wnr into which wo entered ; what the .war is in which wc are now engaged I do not profess to know. (Hear, hour.) I havo not tho remotest ,idea what may be tho policy of tho Government. , Whon; wo began tho war we were called on to explain its objects, but the objects of the war which is now being comedón are entirely unexplained. If I refer to tho speech of my right hon. friend 1 should draw ono conclusion; tif I tinned to the speech of othor members; .of >tho Government I might draw other conclusions. What was the upshot of the speech of tho Attorney-General ? What tho upshot of that of tho :right.. hon. gentleman tho secretary for Ireland ? Something totally different from any admitted object,of tho; war. Austria has recently declared, in tho most solemn jan. gunge, that if over sho renews negotiations it.sholl bo for tho purpose of giving olfect to the four guáranteos. Austria uses these words:- ." !.i,..," "Wo shall await, in a finn attitude, tho progress of events and Ibo propitious moment for .renewing -: tho negotiations for peuce, to which,: when;;that;.moment arrives, wo sholl on our part only ngreo;with tho-irrovo cuble resolution of making them-tend' to tho, fnithful, effectual, nuil completo realization , . of ,i tbon'-four g-inrnntoes." ..,',> v.t in.-,. Timi is thc declaration of Austria.', The ..declaration of England, as found in tho language.of Lord-Clarendon, isOS follows:- n;l .,! VIHtltlliltllCi! ' "On tho othor hand, wo havo; onnpuncpd-I-.am stUl answering the inquiry of my noblo and leninedifriend thnt, ns the four bases wore to. ho inaintaiiiod.idn their entirety, mid that as tho third basis lins i been-.rejected, and tho responsibility of breaking-up.the negotiations ot Vienna doe* notresi upon us, but upon Russia,-! wo con. sider ourselves entirely disengaged, from those hoses." Tho effect of that disengagement is. that tho , House of Commons remains in a stato of total ignorance as ta tho scope nnd object of this wnr, or with .respect' to'the extent of tho war that some aro for carrying on. t I don't beliovo they would ho inclined, or if ,,they.i.were inclined, that'tliey would venture to pl ungo ns . into Jt; but I say that so long ns you continuo a gigantic war of this kind for small, inadequate, and indefinite i purposes, you run a risk, besides tho monstrous evils .to-which I have alluded, of having every moment now objectsibrced upon you-objects of which you now disapprove-objects wliich would entirely chango tho character> ofq the war, but which you may hereafter ? haveu.fqrocd upon you, owing to mysterious-' circumstances, such us thoso to which wu know that:.you ñhnvo already given way. Perhaps I : shall! i bo . ttold, " What are wo to do ? Cnn wo leovo tho siego,of Sebas- topol ?" 1 fullyadmit thnt threo months -ngo- you.xlmd nn opportunity which you nro not likely i to - havo i ngnin. If you do not avail yourselves of these golden-opportuni- ties when they come, you, who aro not tho.mnstors of events, cannot commnnd their recurrence;. Yotir. posi- tion now is much worso than-then. ("No,!no¿'!) ¡You aro already considering what are to bo thc military .opera- tions ol'185(1. Three months havo elapsed sin co ; that date, hut those three montliB havo, I fenr, been os 12 for military purposes. You havo achieved two:,military triumphs (cheers), but thoy seem to havo.bcenibai'rcii. ' On tho other hand, you birre..-suffered great .military reverses. (Cries of " No, no.") Perhaps my language may bo too strong. (Cheers.! If I may bo ullowed-to (.sub- stitute other words which will equally nnswmvmynpur. pose, you havo for thu first timo entirely failed.¡in an important military operation. . (Renewed ories pf'.'No, no.") Well, I won't continuo thnt topic, butl.wnnt to know whether hon. gentlemen have really nsiltcd_ them selves what is tho object which wo oro'.contending' for." Let us suppose that thero is no possibility of failure, and that everything is to happen ns you would havo it. ¡When yon hnvo got Sebastopol what oro you to dp: with it? (Henr, henr.) I recollect ono instance in whkh n .great Minister of this country prolonged negotiations-deb- hel atuly prolonged them-with a viow;lo tho succeBs of a military operation. It was tho caso in which Lord Chathnm prolonged or postponed tho negotintions which ultimately'lcd to tho pcaco of Paris, in ordor to rentlor him muster of Bclloislo. But his object wns distinct; ho wished to : havo Bclloislo in ordor to givo it bock in exchnngo for Minorca. Now wo sny that you ought to havo receded threo' months ago from before Sebastopol, on tho ground thnt you lind obtained'tho political objects of tho war, and, as tho.-iiu 'lilary operations uro only a menns for the attainment of tho political objects thoy should then hnvo 'censed.1'On tho eintiury, it!Boems to1 have boen ? considered' by every ono'out of 'tho: Cabinet, ' 'though' 'by¡'nO',ono in tho Cnbinoti'f that'."¡tilo" capture of' SébastópoJ. was tho groot object dfthe wor- that'itbiight'to bo'pur. 'sued ut nll'coBtSj'and tiiatit'was nù ènd'-;in'iitself.,.IJ»"e .iii , ??.IJ:I .,,¡1 HJ.'ill l.liK n.,',,1 i.jiil ll *">-' .II'!.,., ll "'li 'Villi Ililli,'« Vt'li'lllT HuiliijMi-jiiri'l -n!-! ~ gr cfit in d ûl il gci n c o. yïth.wluùji tlicy' have- heard mo on ''/tliis/ns'pn former. pccasiibnM 'lt'is;tlio rutnvo only that ^^'do'onlpl', Iljpp'p,;howqvcr-, for tho sako "of mankind nt VÍ^^^fórJt^ól-'íj|^o''át least', of/Christendom-that tho '.tíijiójÍB, near ntjiniid which will doeido this. great nnd s'iriom'flhton's'qiiosU For; tho 'present,' thankful for tho *^clü1^¿'eó.'aii ^ji^ppriled;nVó,'I romain 'obntont iivtho belief that in eildon . ^WBH^gj'ip'.rcicMi'tlVo, Oovemmont from that courso of ^policy wliibli'Uióy'aVe/.hoV'pnrsuing I am discharging " npt'h'iiig that even' lng, but MrK Thp'mje , iPÓ'iso h'/iii'' neon''oil a'fo'n thdtovph'iWg. but what it'hhd heard discussed over uéstiohs bf limitation and oounter b'rmcr'occasion fully entered into "yv(%i:$tyMiön'; ' genüeniari ' who hod . willi so much '.'îngOJiiiity di'sbifsScd timm 'ngaih'i'.'nnd iilso'by.óthor hqn. "iric'mhei'sl'tfnd.'j^ felt thnt " 'Wfi&t; liait^^been'said)tlmt 'evdriihg:sh'onld ¡not gb forth ' tb 9 {lie colintry.átid'iíi^^ impression at ^VtSa-nresc^ttm^'óHt,1 wiitin'-it wits most 'important that ' itíliio'í ' ' "." " Inspecting' . ,, .''^äio'rjs'Wpnl^h'ö'npt'.tö.look upon it with an unfnvoiir 'faulç'eyq/ahd litj had told tho House that their opinion '.Vas.voiy'múcli^cbnftrmed hythe conduct of tho noble \- loni'who1 liad' olBciiited'at Vienna as our .plenipotentiary, ¡>.lpnd that, fröm'thb circumstance of his theil being a /lending Minister, moro than ordinary weight-attached to / anything .which fell from him. lhit tho hom g'entlcmnn ^had"forgotten that on his return to thiscountry tho //'noble lord had stated that certain circumstances lind "j''changed tho: opinions which he .entertained while at " ;Yibiina, and which were in no waj- connected with tho '''chango of opinioh'in Franco. Ho did not wish to enter '^intp':,.a'' rccnpitulrttion of- tho history' of tho O1priut!iptilitios, but tho Houso would recollect thiit .^'líp lind'nlwnys protostod against tho settlement Of tho '\V first pbiiit, nnd, in his opinion, Lord Clarendon, in giving './.tho;instriictibns ho did lo tho noblu lord, totally misuu ^derstbod the position of thoso Principalities. Those : .'prbwrices ' wore not conquered provinces; they had ;Jjlhc'ed themselves 'voluntarily under tho Sultan; they " enjoyed'certain privileges, and lind princes of their own. .3 They,paid n' tribute, but-in other respects wera iude '"p'endent pf tho Forte. Russiu'hnd only 'within ncentury '"attained any direct intluenco in those provinces, and he fn\vns bound.to'say-hud used that influence not for their .'/advantage,, but for thc purposo of .crushing anything like "-. frbb institutions. It appeared to. him thnt we lind nlto Vgothcr 'misunderstood tho position-of those provinces, '.''because, instead of regarding .them -ns independent ' 'States, wc had treated them ns directly dependent upon ]''tho' Forte; arid tho noble lord lind signed a point -which 'jWoiild have'given thc Forte power to interfere in nil.thc /''?internal affairs of those provinces. Ho must say thnt ho "thought tlint'it 'wn's-wicked thus to trifle with tho fortunes .''-und'happiness bf millions bl'men-for thoso provinces '.''.cbntniiic'd'nb.;,iess than 5,000,000 inhabitants. (Hear, "'"ííeniv) '' W.werri:'actually handing over -those people, '"'.'/bpund.ihan'd' and foot,;to Austria nnd Russin, mid n ;''gfeat' .'iiumho'r'"'bf 'gontleiiien from Moldavia and f''fvVaRocliio.^h'nd protested' to tho Government ol' .this '?^ cbiinlry Agninst tho, proposed settlement of that first '?*!"¡póiht. AVélT, 'bud; ibero buen nny concession on the ^''jinrt'of Ttiissin'in'thnt ense?" 'None whnlever. On tho T';cb'ntrriiy,\ sho 'had gained; becnuso it-wns a material T gainVto'licr'to bp obie lo interfere with thoso provinces .'.'"iin'dbr1 thÖ'"sanction' of tho other Powers of Europe ¡'""Ih the; second point wo'had gained ono concession of the .Y,vmöst tri (liing nnture-tho removal of the quarantine from j-' «nö'öf the.islaiuls of tho Danube to. the left bank. With *" regard'to tho'fourth point, ho asked.hud liussia made ^.'ituiy concessions.-? None whatever. She lind no right to -."'.'any'interferenco with thc Christian population ; her pro .-it'"tensions were solely, founded on thc. treaty ol' Kuinardji, ?'i¡ "which morely set forth Unit tho Porte-not Russin >'i,r^"irbmisèd lo protect tho Christian population mid its *'*M churches.5' By the fourth point, however, wo should . ..'»Mavö'given' that right to Russin, in common with the ,;!jother Powers. With regnrd to tho third point, hu said X'>>'äL:öWöa tha't;,;hö did .not think thc difl'erenco between ''' limitation and counterpoise was a snllicient ground for '-ul'carryhig;on tho war.; .but, without outoring into any ."'"quibbles about ? counter])oise or limitation, ho believed .'"'.thiit'tho'country regarded tho four points ns wholly : inadi'iniate for brinchui nbout n nonce, 'J'ho noble lord's M'iiîslhictioiis'on proceeding to Vienna dealt specifically -with the question of a counterpoise, and slated that it '»'''.-would neither satisfy our reasonable demands, nor afford :¡w unyí líope that the war would ho brought to a sutisfuc .«'..?tory conclusion. Xord Clarendon said in thoso instiiic jnofioh's't-. = : ' '.i ri a « it miglifbo brought, nbnut by a common agreement \- ''that tho maritime Powers should maintain in tho Black sdJSeila forco adäquate to counlei-balanco tho naval forces íad^-hicli Russia has heretofore maintained, and, if uncoil ' (ii trolled,'muy'aguin hereafter maintain, in this sea. But ""this'would bo nuthing moro than an armed truce, liable "".'foV'be interrupted at every moment by chance collisions, ""'and'entailing on thc maritime Towers a perpetual expen -¡..i'Üituro to keep up at a distance from their arsenals, an r-i fc'flli-ient forco in the Black Sen, while Bassin, having her '-¡?''nrhenols ntlland and her harbours of refuge always open, would bo relieved in n great meosuro from tho costs to wwhiuh 'tho other Bowers would bo exposed, lt may well '.liibo'tloubted whether, after a few years, Great Britain !" "would¿continua such on expenditure." uvtriioso'were tho 'instructions; but what did tho noblo h'llord' write td lun-d Clarendon upon the loth ol' April, Hi'%hon'tho''projectorcounterpoise was first brought for .wmil by tho Austrian Government? ¡iiuwnMil showed lhat¡the project nf counterpoise was inoflec iio'tuol,';I'nfi>wolcmild 'iiol.always havo a largo licet ot. hand ; humiliating lo Turkey if she were always to lean on lltl Frnnce aiiil'lOngland ; unsafe for Kuropc, which would \---/.hôkepfc'ïtl 'thû perpetual ferment of preparation for wnr nwnWe'hillls ho\vevor, uxnmined-lhis plan carefully, in con .b'iíformity with tho desires of ¡ Austria, and only gave it up -iiVohr'being convinced of its -'adequacy." The noble lord admitted, therefore that the system of counterpoise would not effect the object. (Hear, hear.) 'i^IürdiCliu'eridoiv, uponthu Kith of April, completely con finned the rviows thero sot forth, and, writing to the noblo »¡?ii lord,' hoi snid:-'' * ? I'liiih I.havo the satisfaction to inform your lordship that SVJ-her:Majesty's Government entirely approve your lan I li gnngo-in rnply'>to Count-Buol, ns roporled in your (les- li 'pnteh'of thu lOtb instant. Tho opinions af har Majesty's " >;-Governmont could not have been more faithfully ropre > 'i'sehtod, or moro ably expressed." t>vj And yet* ho found tho noblo lord, upon tho 18th of April, fi'..'proposing .to-tko Homo Government thnt every conntor jiOpoisoiwluoh'ho knew would have hoon a totally hinda ?lii'i-qttato termination of tho war. ('Hear, hear.) "ito did h'/jnot'wishi'howover, to consider what was past, but it was .'iiádvisublo boloro Parliament sopoiutod that tho country hl'ishould b'o-inode oworo exactly ol'what our position was. t-)»IAt this'momcnt wo were besieging Sebastopol. If Sobns Eiiidlopol wero not taken, would there ho any greater chance "i.'wf penco? 'Ho-boliovod not. Could wooxpect any better iintorras'than had ? been belora oll'orod? Certainly not. This country, he believed, would never put up with ?i'>n defeat, whatever might be said; and Franco-a great 1 u: militnry ''Bower-could not submit to anything that .ri-might ¡.vlipolwcre taken, should wc ho any nearer a conclusion of peace? Ho believed not; mid, with refcrenco (o this, ho '. » ' would jpioto somo mcniornhlo words uttered by Count "I'Buol. Ho snid:- . ,MI.!'| ". Without giving nny opinion upon tim probabilities of (.'i ithoiwar,-.tho'Austrian Government cannot conceal its -ii" apprehension that tho greatest successes in tho Crimea iu>inay.not bo sullicient lo iudiico Kassia to make peuco, iv. and,that tlio ruversos of llussia may so oxuilo tho Russian ' I'-pooplo ns to'render peace moro difficult of nttninment, .: so that thu wnr mny bo iudofinilely prolonged." ;,: ,Ho ¡ (Mr. Laynrd,) beliavcd that such was tho case. -:,'.'Russia might sny " You havo taken Sebastopol, nnd .you LU: which, to impose upon us conditions which will provant U-.HIUB ever, fortifying tho Crimea. In that coso .what uso is ;i tho Crimen to us? Stay whore you are." Could ,wo h. rthoni.consent to a joint occupation? It, would 'ho .tl ijmpossiblo, ofter: nil tho sncrillco which we, lind .niiulo, io and ..our,,position would bo ns unsatisfactory as,eyer. ;> T.'It i was,to tho indefinito policy of tho Govonimonl, and ii.i;to their.not.knowing exactly what tho, war had boon . i undertaken i to .effect, that our present ; ; .embarrassment was to bo attributed., (Hoar, hoar. J Suppose that Austria . had not occupied tho Principalities, anil .hod curried out what . .¡'Was intended by tho treaty of tho 3nd of December. Wo : ,: jnight.liavo,rnised u body of 00,000 or. (10,000 men in tho ? Mpriivincos ; induod ho. wns assured i . iiionrly,100,000 men,, who, when ofllucrcd oithor from ..(.-this country .or from France, .would havo helped to fight our.battles, aud,would,have imbibed;a spirit of indupou ,!ii,donco,whicli1,would .haya,.admirably qualified them for io ¡tliQ"]deXeiioo of ¡.this, country, ,i (Henr, hear.; By tho .iiroouupatipniof Austria wo lind ibeon,prevented frotu tait. ¿Víiiig ndvnntngo.of tjiu. nationalfindings of tho Piinoipali tios. It hud been said that if tho Austrians woro not in \\]\o Principalities Turkey would hnvo bocu compelled to koop up a largoarroyan»''tl)atifdiroolloii,'dbiitiitlils>wà*ù fallacy, ''J'ívoi'y6ubknów: thlit"'Rus'sur had withdrawn Kor troops from tho'Prnth.'iuid thitt'infoct'.wówbro now Bonding to tho Crinum Turkish "troopS'ito oppose tim Russians wlio had hoon withdrawn "from ' tho' Prnth. (Hoar.) Willi regard to tho stato of nlfuirs in Asia ho regretted that wo hud so completely neglouted tho policy of enabling tho Turkish Government to meet tho Rus sinus iii Asia Minor. Mo hud no apprehension that Russia would attempt to march upon Constantinople, but ho believed that sho would bo ublo, as matters hud been managed, to hold a material guaranteo in Asia, lt would bo easy for lier to close tho few passes that led to tito interior, and tho greatest difficulty would bo expe- rienced in rolioving tito Turkish army. Then, if Russia found herself successful in Asia Minor, it was impossible to say what elfect snell a courso of events might have upon our Indian dominions. (Hear, hoar.J As to tho management ol'tho army, though, undoubtedly, some 'improvement had taken place, yot thoso improve- ments had always boen tho result of direct Xirossiiro from without. So fur as principio was concerned, ho saw no chango whatever ; Ibero wos still tho same neglect of tho lino interests of thu army. (Hour, hear.) Ho believed, from all ho heard, that there was generally great discontent in tho army among tho officers. The frequency with winch tho least deserving wero 'rewarded and promoted hud created tho utmost dissatisfaction and almost a feeling of hopelessness in 'tho Crimea, f Hear, hour.i Even tho highest orders in tho State had been conferred in a manner little credit- able to thoso who wero charged with their distribution. (Hear.) They hud been given away alike to thoso who wero successful and unsuccessful; no distinction was made, and tho result hud been most injurious. One consequence wns that military talents wera not encour- aged-genius wns not ovoked-mid wo hud not yet found out ono mnn who hud shown himself çnpnplo of coiii mnuding the army. (Ueur.J Very different was the .conduct of our enemies. Tho whole defence of Sebas- topol was to bo attributed to a young mon, once aenptain of engineers, who had been promoted on account of his distinguished services tobo chief officer in Sebastopol. .'(Hear, henr.) There wos no improvement whatever in our modo of administering tho army. In thc Keridi .expedition lhere was mismanagement nlmost incredible. Ho was informed thnt tho horses of thc land transport were taken in ono ship, and thu harness in another, nnd that some dnys elapsed before they could ho brought together. (Henr, henr.) With roference to the pros- pector pence, ho would say that, if there was anything which rendered thnt prospect more remote thnn another, it was the conduct of tho peuce party behind him. (Hear, henr.) The speech of tho right hon. gentleman tho mem- ber for tho'University of Oxford was in its nature calcu- lated to destroy every hope of peace. (Hear.J If thc gentlemen behind him ever looked into the pnges of tho Russinn orgnn Leifortl, published in Brussels, they would seo tho effect produced by .their speeches. There they wero looked upon ns the advocates of Russia. (Hoar, hear.) Ho did not say they wished to piny into tho hands of our encmius, or were traitors to tho country; but such was itho ulfect undoubtedly produced abroad. (Hear;) Ho asked whether any speech could have been moro ?calculated to dnmiige our cause, lo render- our position more difficult, or to encourngo Russia to reject every proposition that could be mndo to her, than the speech they had heard from the right hon. gentleman thc member for the University ol'Oxford that evening? Hu believed no Russian could have made o speech more calculated to misc the spirits nnd inspiro tho hopes of Russian soldiers. (Henr.) Tho right-hon. gentleman had drown a most eloquent picture oft he endurance mid patriotism nnd love of the Emperor shown by the Russian soldiers. Did not nil this just show how dnngeroiis it wns lo place confidence in n Rower like Russia- u Power that could command, us they wore told a million ol souliers -devoted body mid soul tollio Emperor; ami did.it not show tho necessity Ihut existed for controlling such ii Power? (Henr, hour.) Wns tho lnngunge of tho right hon. gentleman, who lind boen a party to commencing tho war, in referring to what, ho culled a reverso, worthy of an English states- man ? (Henr, hear.) Wns this country, because it had -sulfured what, lifter nil, wns only ti slight reverse, to retire from tho contest mid .tiirnish that honour which centuries of success had establishod ? (Henr, henr.) Were tho words " national "honour" expunged from tho vocabulary of tho right hon. gentleman and his friends? (Hear.) Surely something wns due to the honour and character of tho country, and Englishmen ought not, because a slight failure lind boon experienced, to regard the contest as hopeless. In the Peninsular war failures also occurred, but that great struggle ultimately led to completo success, For his own part, ho believed that it was ;iiot possible to make nny pence until tho question of Sebnstopol was settled, becnuso it wns not only the character of England thnt wns nt stnkc, hut Prance was n great-military nation mid could not alford a loss of military réputation, lt had been assorted that thc war wus not popular in Franco, but, in .his opinion, the manner in which the people of .that country had on two occasions responded to the demands mndo upon them by tho Government, nnd lind subscribed nn amount which far exceeded what had been anticipated, proved that such an assertion was without foiindntion. One of two things appeared to him inevit- able. Either tho country, thoroughly tired mid dis- gusted nt tho mismanagement of the war, would compel the Government to carry it on with grcnter vigour, or else would compel it to accept terms ol' poaeo which would bo inadequate to thc sacrifices which hud been made. He did not believe that Hie conditions proposed at A:ionnu could have led to a satisfactory peace, and ho trusted that it wns not entirely hopeless .to urge on the Government tho necessity of doing everything to corry on tho war willi vigour, remembering thnt ovory delny diminished thc chances of ultimate success. Slr. COBDEN.-l t is not my intention to delny the Houso for moro than a few minutes, hecimso I think that, after tho able and exhaustivo speech of the right hon. gentleman the member for Oxford, to do so would bo presumption on my part. I havo listened to tho reinurlis of tho hon. member for Aylesbury with thnt attention with which I always listen lo him upon Oriental subjects, as being well acquainted with tho alfons of tho East, mid I suppose it must bo from want of reasoning power on my pnit, but nt tho end of his speech 1 wus nt ti loss to conjecture what is tho purpose of tho hon. gen- tleman, what his policy, and how ho proposes to curry out his ends-if, indeed, hp have any ends in view. (Hear, henr.) But when (lie hon. gentleman gets up, having no intelligible policy, and advancing no nrgtt incuts which wo can follow, and speak in slighting nnd discourteous terms of tho magnificent oration of tho right hon. gentleman iienrmo {Mr.. Gladstone), he shows, I think, n want of duo respect to tho most eminent orator in this House. He lins nccused.tho right hon. gen- tleman of praising Russia and encouraging her to pro- long tho contest by pointing out our own defects, but if to point out defects bo a sin tho hon. gentleman is him- self tho grentest sinner. (Hear, hear.) Has he over minie a speech in which ho hus not found fault with everything connected with the management of tho war? (L-lear, hear.) Ho has complained of tho mismanagement of tho army, mid luis prophesied that Russia would overrun Asia Minor ; and aro wo, who also point out what wo consider to bo defects, to bo on that account stigmatized ns partisans of tho enemy 7- Whnt I hnvo risen, however, to touch upon is quito n difierent sub- ject, and is ol' n somowhut personal character ; and ns this is probably tho last opportunity which I shall have this session of referring to it, I trust that tho Houso will permit mo for a very short time, to occupy its attention while I make a few remarks upon a subject which con- cerns hon. gentlemen on both sidos of tho House. Wo have boon discussing tho weight of authority of public men in reference to tho policy to bo pursued with regard to this war, and wo hnvo been tobi that tho great nego- tiators at Vienna were in favour ol' negotiating a ponce JIU tho basis of tho four points, and wc havo been also told tho weight of authority to which they aro entitled, and how much'is duo to their judgment. I attach much weight to tho iuiluci.co which high authorities upon such matters havo upnn tho public mird ; and when I find an individual holding so high un office us thnt of a Cabinet Minister coming forward nnd uttering unmenstircd denunciations against a largo body of mem- bers of this Houso for their conduct in tho House, I think that tho matter is not ono which ought tn bc treated lightly by the Houso or by tho country. (Hear, hoar.) I nlludo, of course, to the right hon. gentleman tho Secretary for tho Colonies, mid 1 think that I shall bo able beforo I sit down lo show tho necessity of his affording to the House some explanation of his conduct. Tho right hon. goutlomtin attacked throo or four parties. Ho attacked thu Opposition, hu attacked (hu right hon, gentlemen who sit near mc, and ho attnuked tho party to which I belong. There was tho unscrupulous Oppo- sition- thoro wero the followers of tho late Sir lt. Veal -and thoro wns nu unpatriotic body who were carrying on a war against tho Government by means nf onibns cudes. When I find that such language is applied to mc anil to thu pence party hy a gentleman, who holds him soll' up ns ¡mr excellence tho advócalo of wnr, I think I nm performing my duly .to the pence pnrly, not tho ponco-at-nny-prico pni-ty, but tho rational pence pnrty, if I endeavour lo show that tho right hon. baronat is not entitled to much weight as an advocnto for war. I want , to know when tho right, hon. gentleman first ndopted sentiments contrary to thoso which I profess? Tun yours and a htdf ngo, when Lord Aberdeen wns , forming an-Administration,- thmrighthon. gentleman wns oll'erod a sent in it, and it was intimated lo liini that ho might ; hnvo tho olllco of Secretary at War, Tho answer mude by tl io right hon, genllnmnii was, thut ho lind no> objec. tion to accept olllmi nuder Lord Aliordoon, tluit ' ho did not ovon roqntro'tobo nuulo a Cuhiuot Minister; hut ho thought that in n Government oinhraoing all «hados ? ol' Liberal . opinions tho sentiments which ho professed ought to ho represented in tho Cabinet, Tito rejoinder mudo to him was - " Whom do you consider a fair representativo or your opinions? and to that interrogatory tho right hon. gen- tleman replied, " Mr. Cobden." (" Hoar, hear," and loud laughter.,! Now, this is no secret com- municated to mo in friendship hy tho right hon, baro- net, hut the convorsntion which I have related was com- municated to mo, bofora ho know whether I was going to hnvo tho offer of a scat in tho Cabinet, in tho lteform Club on tho very evening after it had taken pince, mid in tho presenco of at least half-a-dozen porsons. I want, therefore, to know when the righthon.gentlemnn becamo converted from my opinions, and becaino so groat a champion of tho war. Don't lot tho right hon. gonllc mun answer " It is truo wo ngroed upon goncrnl and home politics, but not on tho subject of poaco and war." Let mo remind tho House that my opinions woro then known on that subject, and I lind attended largo moot ings and had identified myself with tho agitation which lind for its aim to Iry mid inibuo the minds of thopcoplo of this country with sounder views with referenco to penco and war, forosoning.as I did that tho great pros parity which arose in this country in consequence of tho adoption of freo trade policy-just as Joshurun waxed fut and kicked-would bo likely to lead tho nation into war. Tho right hon. gentleman knew of this when ho offered to mnko mo his ropresentatitivo in tho Cabinet. Wo had been for many years acquainted with 'Ouch other's views on foreign politics ; and, much as wc may have agreed on homo [iHairs, if there wns ono subject upon which our views were identified, I venture to sny it was on foreign policy. My very -first diutit in public lifo was in writing n pamphlet, and in answering Mr. Urquhart upon tho subject of our foroign policy. About 20 years ago that gentleman wns agitating throughout tho country against ltussia, and was the cnuso of un increnso in our navy of 5,000 men, mid of our putting Yarmouth in a state of defence -to meet a Hussion invasion. I confess, now, that Mr. Urquhart lins been too much for me. (A laugh.) 1 have watched his agitation nnd thntof some of his friends ever since, nnd I sny thnt grout injustice hos been done to my originid ndversary, for Mr. Urqnhnrt ought to bo tho Primo Minister of this country nt the present moment to-carry out what is his* own policy. (A laugh.) Hut tho right hon. gentleman a little while ugo, when I alluded to him in this House in a 'very jocular manner (and nobody who knew what provocation I lind will think I treated him very sevorcly)-tho right hon. gentleman, I say, carno down tho next evening, when you, Sir, were not in tho chair, or you would not havo allowed it to be done, und brought down an extract or two from n speech ho mude nt Iiueds in 1810, to which I lind referred, in order to show'that his speech then was quito consistent willi his present conduct, and that he had then advocated pre- cisely the same policy ns he wus doing now. I could lioffollow tho right hon. gentlemnn on that occasion, and sn littlo disposed was I, if ho would havo allowed mo to do otherwise, to have brought our political differ cucos to Ulis extremity Unit I would not even liavo done myself tlio .justice to refer to thnt subject again. How over, the right lion, gcuücninn would not give mo tile chnnco of passing it by. It seems to mo that that old malady which they say tho gods ofllict us with previously to our destruction hail befallen him. What could I do f I could not. allow tho in tinonee of n Cabinet Minister to go forth throughout tho country in favour of the war without doing justico to the advocates of peace, and 1 must show how tho right hon. gentleman acted in tho garbled extracts ho mudo from that speech. I thought that such a perfect logician as the right hon. gentleman would not condescend to sophis- try in order to muko out his case. But ho rend extracts from his Leeds speech on thc occasion to which I refer, nnd what I should like would bo that tho right hon. gentleman should be compelled to rend tho whole of his speech. (A lnugb.) He rend some extracts tc show that his present conduct was quite consistent with his speech in Leeds, at tho meeting to which I refer. Now, I must remind tho House under what circum- stances this meeting wns held. We were on tho verge of a war with France respecting tho affairs of Syria. We wero acting in conjunction with Russin, and every day wo were under tho apprehension that tho noble lord now at the head of tho Uovernnicnt would lend us into n wnr. Tho light hon. gentleman accordingly called n meeting in tho streets of Leeds, and although his Whig partisans refused lo support him, he held the meeting to denounce nny wnr with Franco in support of thc Turks and in alliance with Russia. He began by laying down a hypothetical case, nnd if ho lind read to thc Houso what ho said nt tho commencement of his speech it would havo been soeu that in what ho read afterwards ns his own arguments, ho was merely following out this j hypothesis, which ho took care to repudiate as utterly absurd.. Herc is what ho said : " Tho solo pretext that lins ever been assigned, or timi cnn bo nssigned, to justify our inferfcrcuco in tho nflhir.s of Turkey, is lest Russia should intcrfcro nlonc and take possession of Constantinople. I will nssumo that thc possession of Constant inopia would bo ns great a cala- mity as some persons suppose I will supposa thnt, [ despising overy law of human interest, Russia shall pro- hibit our connnorce, rcfuso all interchange of commodi- ties with us, mid exclude us from the ports of tho Black Son, nnd thnt when, by these strange means, it has rapidly acquired a high degree of wealth and prosperity, it shall seriously commence the conquest ol' civilized Europe. All thoso and many other suppositions equally absurd (a laugh), I will take for grunted ns being thu inevitable consequences of tho acquisition of Constanti- nople by Russia; lind I now'ns];-hnvo we adopted the wisest courso to defeat tho views of Russia V On tho contrary, is not our policy the absurdest that human in- genuity could hnvo imagined Wo have formed nn alliance, willi Russia, whoso interests nro hostile to our own. Wo hnvo lost tho alliance of France, &c.;" f" Henr, hear," from Sir W. MOLESWORTH.) Well, I say, tho right hon. gentleman seems to have forgotten his ancient powers of logie, for thu wholo of his subse- quent argument is governed by his original argumenta- tive assumption, nnd when ho talks, us he did in tho oxtrncts ho reud hi this House, nbout tho udvnnlngc of joining Frunce ns against Russia, it was morely follow- ing out this thesis which ho then brnnded as utterly absurd. (Hear.) What ho says is, that all this suppo- sition ns to tho power of Russia consequent on tho pos- session of Constantinople is utterly absurd, and if he «.ill refer to tho speeches ol Lord Clarendon lie will find thnt his lordship justillos the war, because he assumes nil thoso things which thc right hon, gentleman de- nounces as utterly absurd. But is it possible that I could fail to know tho sentiments of tho right hon. gen- tleman on this subject ? Let me remind him that ut this timo {in 1810; I was doing nt Manchester precisely tho sumo as ho was doing ut Leeds, nnd I repeat that ibero was no subject upon which tho right hon. gentlemnn and I wero so thoroughly agreed up to Ibo hist 18 mouths. I sny " up lo tho lust 18 months," be- cause tho right hon. gentleman cannot deny thnt until then ho entertained precisely tho snmo opi- nions upon this question us ho did for 15 yenrs before. Now, I do not deny to anybody tho right of changing his opinions. It wus a saying of Harvey, the discoverer of tho circulation of" tho blood, that ho nover lound an honest convert to his opinions niter tho nge of 4.0. Tho right hon. gentlemnn muy, however, chunga his opinions, if ho likes, up to tho ugo of 00. All I stipulute for is, when he hus to deni with a question liku Ibis, if ho docs denounce thoso with whom he once acted for tho opinions which, during 15 years, wero his own, thnt I.o BIIIIII nt lenst condescend to tell us what uro the reason H upon which ho founded this change in his views.- At nil events, it is very hurd thnt he should begin by denouncing us us nefarious mid unpatriotic. In conclusion, I will say thnt in dealing with the right hon. gentleman I have dono us I would wish to bo done by. (A laugh.) If over I um found on great questions of policy to bo systematically 'holding ono language to my. friends in private, and (lien denouncing them in public for holding those opinions, I shnll expect from thosu friends not private remonstrance -for I shall expect private friendship to bo then at an cud-but I shnll expect from them thnt in tho most public pince, in this Houso or elsewhere, they will denounce my conduct und declino mo 'in a political senso utterly unfaithful mid utterly unworthy ol' tho confidence of nny political party. (Hear, hour.) Sir W. MOLESWORTH.-At this very lato hour,'mid after this most unexpected personal attack, 1 hope I ni ny claim fora short time tho indulgence of tho House. The hon. gentlemnn lins called mc to account, in tho first piuco, for tho speech which 1 delivered tho other ,dny to tho electors of Southwark. Now, 1 cannot say Unit 1 retract ono single sentiment which I uttered on that occa- sion, because 1 believe that in that speech I expressed not only tho opinions of the 11,000 electors of South- wick, but also the opinions of a grout portion of thinking mid reflecting men in this country with regard to the conduct of lion, gentlemen on tho Turkish louii. A strong feeling of deep anxiety and alarm ,'pervaded the electors of Southwark lest by. soinu party movement Ute alliance between Englmid nnd ,Frunce,^niiglit l¿ó'.dis- turbed, and tho Avar.ho' brought tn a' disgraceful and,dis- creditable termiiiiiliou. .In order io;' tmuq'uillizo.'that feeling of alarm, I: told thçmlith^.^^V.evjii'r^^iicIi' an attempt.wero uinda it would n'ú^bo lirp'ugh't.n^oul b'y!the 'Government of my'hbblo friend ór 'Whíc!rínwiút n'iiiem hcr, In expressing that opinion, J denounced the throo partios who 1 ' considered had a short timo, hofuro united Ibr tho purpose af surprising tho Govern mont on tho rpiostion of tho Tiiihish loan, ami I repent' that thora is not h singlo sontonoo wliiuh I felt il my duty to express to my constituents that I regret'or fool called upon to rotrnot. My hon. friend tho member for the Wost Hiding has referred to .certain conversations which, ho says, took placo between himself and myself about the period of tho. formation of Lord Aberdeen's Government. No doubt, Sir, it is true that'vary friondly relations lind, existed between my hon. friend and myself. I agreed ? with him on many subjects, but 1 entirely disagreed with him on others, mid I disagree with him ia'respect-to his extraordinary viows with regard to tho possibility of universal ponce. I thought that his viows on itiiat. subject were so ax tremo and extravagant thnt I doubted whether his Ano intellect had not ? become nborrant on that particular question. /Laughter.)'" Tho hon. gentleman says I told him that I was" going to bo appointed Secretary nt "War, and thnt 1 would lill that olllco without a scat in tho Cabinet. I havo no recollection of over having made such a statement.. Certainly I wns 'never asked to1 hold ?. thnt olllco, nor was I oll'orcd a situation in tho Government except, with n scat in tho Cabinot; 'il havo, however, n recollection that, just before tho formation ol' Lord Aberdeen's Government 1 had a privoto conversation with tho hon. gentleman, when wo talked over tho vnrious combinations of parties which might bo effected. It is perfectly Into that I said to him that in many respects I agreed with him in opinion, nnd that it would givo mo great pleasure if some I combination could bo oll'octod by which ho might obtain n sent in tho Cabinet ; but I iiovordid ngrco with him in his views respecting pence, nnd ho- knows thnt I never would consent to join in nny.ngitntion on that subject or j to attend any of tho meetings which wore hold in refer once to it. Tho hon. gentleman must himsolf remember that very recently I stated to him,, in ^confidential con- versation, that I thought; his viows on thnt- subject en- dangered his reputation .in-tire .-eyes ¡of tho people. No doubt, I have boen on very friendly terms . with tho hon. gcnlloninn-I havo ofton received him nt my houso. nnd ninny conversations on different subjects hnvo tnken placo between us ; but I never: took any notice of Itheso conversations for tho purpose of .repeating them after- wards in this house.-Tho hon. gentleman has referred toa speech which I mudo in 1840, and it is very truo that in that speech I underrated tho nmbitious designs of Kassia; bull, snid, thnt if Russia entertained those designs, then England and Franco ought to imito to prevent her from carrying them out. I admit thnt, in respect to tho ambitious designs of Russia, I have changed my opinions in tho course of tho lust lf> years, and ono of tho reasons that induced mo to change those opinions was tho knowledge which I acquired, as a member of tho Government, of tho secret correspondence winch had taken plnco between Russia and tlio Government. I was then induced to believe that tho ambitions designs of Russin, to which I lind previously not attached much importance, wero of a moro serious character than I had anticipated, and I freely acknowledge that my opinion lins uiidergono n change. I morely rose now to explain to tho Mouso thnt-any alterations which havo taken placo in my opinion have been tho result of careful consideration, and that, with regard to recent occurrences, I havo not expressed ¡my opinion upon tho hustings which I nm not prepared to repeat in tho House of Commons. Sir 3. GRAHAM.-Tho right hon. baronet the member for Southwark has said, with reference to a speech made by bim at a late election, that ho has nothing to retract. (Hear, hear.) Having recently been a colleague of that right hon. baronet, I have much respect for his character, and I nm quite sure when I show him thnt, unintentionally, ho has violated fact nnd truth in his statement, ho will bo prepared to retract a portion of it. I understand him to have said that ho considered tho conduct of certain parties in this house to havo been unpatriotic, discreditable, nnd nefarious (honr, hear) ; nnd ho lins charged them with having entered into n combination with respect to tho vote upon tho Turkish loan. Now, I happened to be sitting next my hon. friend tho mem- ber for Stolco fMr. Ricardo) immediately before ho rose to nddrcss tho House on tho occasion to which tho right hon. baronet referred ; and I asked my hon. friend whether ho was aware of tho intentions of hon. gentle- men opposite with respect to tho discussion which was then about to commence. Ho told mo that ho lind no knowledge whnlevcr ol' tho intentions i.of those hon. gentlemen, mid I had not myself tho least idea of tho course they meant to pursue. An hon. member, known to my hon. friend the member for Stoke and myself-I mean the hon. member for Horsham-said ho had reason to know that it was tho intention of many gentle- men opposite to support tho motion altont to be made by tho hon. member for Stoke. Uunlil that mo- ment neither thc hon. member who made tho motion, nor T who sat next to him, lind Ibo slightest knowledge of tho course about to bc talion by hon. gentlemen op- posite. I make this assertion positively, both for my hon. friend and myself, and I think tito right hon. baro- net will from respect to truth and fact, retract tho state- ment that thcro was n nefarious combination of parties, (" Hear, hear," from tho Opposition benches.) SirW. MOLESWORTH.-When I used tho words " combination of partios," I merely intended to describo the impression which was produced upon my mind by tho events of last Friday week. On that occasion wo were surprised, not, I must say, by tho I'euco party, because with them wo have been at perpetual war (laughter), but by tho sudden attack of the right hon. gentlemen who sit on tho benches behind us, and thc simultaneous attack of hon. gentlemen opposite (" Hear," and a laugh.) This attack was so simulta- neous Tho SPEAKER hero interrupted tho right hon. bnro net, observing that he was not entitled to make another speech. Sir W. MOLESWORTH.-Then I shall say no moro. Mr. R. PHILLIMORE.-lt seems ibnt tho right hon. baronet lins studied his favourite author, H oldies, to sonic effect, nnd thnt ho considers that when a man recants his opinions ho has groat license of speech. Although 1 am ono ol' tho humblest individuals who voted in tho minority on tho occasion whi.di has been referred to, 1 took that course with tho con- scientious conviction that I wus doing .what was best for tho country. Wo were told that tho indo peiideneo of Turkey was at stake, but T conceive that tho Turkish loan was calculated to destroy that independence. When tho right hon. baronet prostitutes his high office nt tho hustings, nnd condescends to gross and scurrilous nbuso of members ns honourable ns himself-['Tho hon. member wns herc interrupted by general eries of " Order."] Tho right hon, baronet accused us of a nefarious design, and, if I om colled to order, I must request yuri, Sir (addressing tho Speaker), lo coll tho right hon. baronet to order for tho language he lins used. Tho SPEAKER.-I cannot call on honorable mem- ber to order for any language ho hus used out of this Hon so. Mr. PHILLIMORE,-But tho right hon. baronet lins adhered to thnt language in tho House. I do not think you can ho aware, Sir, that tho right hon. gentleman has adhered to thal language in this place, and I say, with groot respect to tlio Chair, that any person who accuses ino on tho hustings of nefarious designs utters a vulgar and scurrilous abuse. (Loud cries of " Ordor 1 ") 1 hopo to ho in order whon I say that ho will do well on another occasion lo acquaint himself with tho facts before bo makes such assortions. Mr. BRIGHT.-I wish to moko nn nppcnl to tho right lion, baronet tho Colonial Secretary. Ho has boon called upon by tho right hon. member for Carlisle (Sir. J. Graham) to rotract his statement, and 1 understood ho rosa for tho purposo of explaining that ho did not moon to say nt his election thnt which tho newspapers report lum to havo said, although it is quito evident that tho speech was carefully written out, and it is bolioved that it was in thc liniids of tho newspapers before it was spoken, (Laughter.) Yon, sir, no doubt very properly, called tho right hon. Iinnmct to order, and ho sut down in tho middle of a sentence. (A haigh.) I certainly" think it -would ho uti advantage, and would show some decorum on tho part of a Cabinet Minister, if tho right hon. baronet was allowed to finish his sentence,. and to uni leo tho retraction which ho wus called upon to make by tho right hon. member for Carlisle. (A lnugh.) SirW. MOLESWORTH.-I did not moko n retraction. (" I leur, lieiir," mid laughter.) Mr. WALPOLE.-*l hu right hon. hnronot has m ad o a charge, nut only against members of tho poooo porty, but against his former colleagues, and against, us ho termed thuin, an unscrupulous Opposition. I feel that wo have n right to call upon him.- to retract tho phrase, thnt nil .those persons wero neting together ni n. nefarious design. (Hour, hoar.).. I came down to tho Honso to liston to thnt debate, mid I did not even _ know until tho. debate had proceeded to a considerable extent tho course which I should titlto. My impression when tho debute com- menced wus that tho proper coursu would bu to press tho Government to turn tho convention into a separate instead of being a,¡(lint guarantee, but urgiimentH which wero nover answered on tho part .of the Government, convinced me Hint wo hud not the power of Inking that course, and thnt wu could simply ri quire Ibo Govern- ment to niter tho eon von lion by negativing,tho résolu lion. Unless this House is lo bo absolutely silenced on eycry qtieHtion.which in limn of war is brought before it, cvc.Vjgentlemani lind a right,.to express Iiis opinion on that 'occasion, firmly- and . temperately without hoing charged willi n. nefarious combination. (Hear, henr.) ,. I . i... .,:{ ,. ! ..,?,?,(.,"..,!?!., M.'.'lii.fU--'U ? I> mn not liwara that L have over, taken < tho part of uutivo opposition ngivinut - timi noble, lord iwitht any * motions, intention! but' 1' hnva novar sorupled,' nnd Lhopo- I never shall, to express my honest opinion upon any -question relating to thu war, (Cheors.) The volo which I gavo that night wns ns honest a vote ns I over gnvo (henr, henr), mid I trust tho right honomblo bnronet will only do justice to thoso whom ho certainly perhaps inadvertently, but I must *ny in my opinion most improperly-maligned, if ho olfors sonio apology. (Cheers.) It is only duo to us that soma npology should bo mndo for such expressions coming from a Minister of tho Crown, (Hear, hear.; Mr. BROTHERTON was understood to movo tho adjournment of tho House. Mr. GLADSTONE.-I confess I have listened with great surpriso to what has taken placo during this com binntiou. (Laughter.) I believe this conversation may just us well be called a combination-a term which Ï used inadvertently-as tho concurrence of tho opinions and votes which my right hon. friend (Sir W. Molesworth) has chosen to adorn with that name. (Hoar, henr.) In taking- notico of tho right hon. gentleman, I shall not forget what ho npponrs to have forgotten-our former connexion ns collenguos in tho relations in which wc neted fora very considerable time. Tho Inngungo which tho right hon. gentlemnn used on tho' hustings wns, 1 think, used with littlo con sideration, notwithstanding tho circumstances to which tho hoii. - member ' for Manchester lins alluded. (Henr, henr.) There cnn he no doubt ns to thc tcuour of what ho stated. I looked in several newspapers, and found precisely tho snmo report. Tho right hon. gentleman then stated that there lind been n combina- tion of'parties'to take Government by surprise. Ho now snvs two tilines, which nmienr to contradict ono nnolhoi-. .Ho sriys ho docs not muhe nny retraction, dud nt tho snriic time it wns his intention to describe, not Ute notions 'of others, but tho impression on his own mind. Now, it is perfectly plniii thnt tho language of thorighthon. gcntlcmnn did describe, not the impression bu his owii'mind, but tho notions of others. Thnt is tho w-líoló question ut issue. Unes he menu to describo tho notions of others or tho impression on his own mind 1 I cnn only say thnt, iff lind previously ngreed to voto with gentlemen in whoso opinion I concurred, I should not for a moment shrink from nvowing it, becnuse I seo nothing improper or dishonourablo in such combination or such concert. (Cheers.) Hut, ns I stated before, I learned tho intentions of tho hon. membor for Stoke while sitting on this bench, and at tho timo I had not the smallest idea of tho courso which would bo taken hy hon. gentlemen opposite As far as wo are concerned, I wish to know what tho light hon. bnronet really menus. Do'cs hemenn to desigualo our conduct on thnt occasion by those offensive epithets which ho used, or did bo onlv describo tho impression on his own mind ? Tho right hon. bnrohct is just ns free to form impressions ns nny old womnn who chooses to tnko anything into her bend-who imagines sho has seen a ghost or anything else (Laughter.) I wish to lenvo the right hon. gen- tleman's liberty of imagination entirely intact, but 1 do hopo ho docs not intend to cast on us tho imputations which his language conveys. Lord PALMERSTON.-My right hon. friend concluded his speech by charging the right hon. baronet with having attacked hon. gentlemen in this houso with combination upon this question. (Hair, hear.) I am not talking of epithets, 1 um talking of substantives. I beg pardon of hon. gentlemen opposite. This is tho question which is raised, and my right hon. friend who last spoko put it distinctively on tho ground that he wns ashing the right hon. baronet (Sir NY. Molesworth) whether what he stated was thc impression on his own mind, or whether ho asserted it positively as mi actual fact. That is the question which thc right hon. gentleman the member fai- llie University- of Oxford raised, und 1 shiill not bo curried off tho scent by tho " Noes" of hon gentlemen opposite. (Much laughter.) No genllemnii can slate beyond Ibo impression on his own mind us to nny fact which hus taken pince. That impression was my right hon. friend's impression, and, whether rightly or wrongly, it is nlso my impression. Jt was the impression, also, of every- man who did not form part of the minority, mid I believe thnt was the impression of every raisonnble mun who looked nt what passed Hint night. Thc combination mny hnve boen fortuitous-it mny hnvo been nccidontul it muy hayo been without any previous concert, but combination it wns in tho strictest sense of the word, becnuse u number of persons did combino to give a vote on that occasion against lite Government. Whether they did so combine by previous concert or from con- viction on their minds is for themselves to sny. We cannot dive into their thoughts, but my right hon. friend was perfectly justified in his conviction thut there was n combination for accomplishing tho object when ho stigmatized as not reflecting credit on those who combined to obtain it. In that opinion, I believe, he will bo supported by tho opinions of tho great majority of tho country, and if gentlemen aro olfended at that opinion being entertained, it is not only on my right hon. friend tho censure ought to full, but also upon a great ninny thousands of perseus who shnro that opinion with him. (Hear, hear.) Tho Marquis of GRAN MY thought, after tho contra- diction which hud been given to any combination having existed, as an honourable and us nu honest man tho right hon. baronet should have expressed his sorrow for having received an erroneous impression. ! Sir W. MOLESWORTH. I believe 1 cnn now speak on tho adjournment. When I was stopped by you, Sir, 1 was proceeding to stato how I carno to usc thoso words. In using them I expressed tho effect produced on my mind hy- the events of Inst Friday week. I said thnt tho sudden mid unexpected attack ol' tho right hon. gentlemen, simultaneously with that of the.lion, gentlemen opposite, produced tho impression thnt it wns n skilfully combined movement. Thc right hon. gentlemen the members for Carlisle and for Oxford University have both declined in their places that (hero wns no previous combination between them and the hon. gentlemen opposite and tho penco pnrly. Without doubt, L-lirmly believe tho cor- rectness ol' that statenieiit, mid I can only consider that what 1 thought was a combination was un accidental union of pnrtics to nttuck tho Government. Mr. DISRAELI.-I am very willing Hint this subject should bc terminated, especially ns, in tho absence of tho right, hon. gentleman, I mndo some comments which would seem to render it unnecessary for mo now to address tho Houso. But it appears lo mo that tho isstto is changed. 1 really thought thu noble lord roso lo oxtricnto his right hon. friend mid eollcnguo from a disngrcenblo position, but tho noble lord entirely chniiged tho question wo uro reully dis- cussing, nuil now tho right hon. baronot makes Ibo ex- planation which his noble friend has in a manner forced from liiin and accepts tho issue which the noble lord hus plncod boforo tho House, but which 1 sny is a false issue. (Cheers.) lt was not that complaints were iñudo because the right hon. gcntlemnn accused mem- bers of this Houso of neting in combination on a parti- cular question. Combination is a word to which ninny dilfercnt monnings cnn bo ascribed, If severely lusted it would, perhaps, hnvo a menning which would apply to this case ; but it is tho epithets which wero affixed lo tho word "combinulion" which gave Ibo great oll'enee, mid prevented nny mistnko ns lo tho untura ol' tho imputations cast on tho right hon. gentleman by tho Secretary of Slate. But those epithets tho noblo lord has entirely thrown over. (Cheers.) Ho lias raised an argument, on tho issuo of tho word combination. I do not nt nil agree with thu noblo lord in thu statement that it is tho general opinion that Ibero was some prearranged combination between thu two sides of thu Houso on thnt occasion. 1 have no doubt tho noblo lord wns very much astonished ut tho division which look pince, und the feelings of ii Minister obligcd to speak ngninst limn, und who, even by speaking ngainst time, could only secure a hu ru majority, should bo viewed with Homo indulgence. (Cheers.) Mut I nm astonished thut Ibo noblo lord should defend lu's colleagues' in tho uso of tho epithet, "nefarious," ns applied to tho courso taken by ninny distinguished members of this Houso, mid that ho should have en- couraged thu right hon. gentleman in his refusal ? lo express his regret for using nu epithet which tho facts do' not wnrrnnt mid which ito eircumstnncö could justify. (Hair.) ' Thorn tho mailor might hnvo rested, bul I cannot sny thu apology of tho right hon. gentleman lins been either n graceful or, a satisfactory ono; und although the situation of Ijhii right hon. gentleman might bu viowed with indulgence, ns 1 explained on a recent Declinion, I cannot but regret, for tho snku of thu right hun. gentleman himself, thut hu should hnvo treated thu appeal that has buen mudo to liim in thu spirit which ho lins evinced. (Hour.) ) Houso do now adjourn," which being carried in Iho iilllrmntivo, Tho Houso adjourned nt linlf-pnst 1 until 12 o'clock this day. _ Hiscil'l.lNtî AT OnnssA.-Lord Ita Itnss tells us that tho people ol' Odessa aro singularly quiet and orderly ; but ho linds a most ultlcirnt reason for tho fuel : " Justice is well administered, but in a sunnnnry way. Culling is for the mulo sex. Whipping with birchen rods ls reserved for the women, nii-l is so generally' recoived ii custom thnt in great estates tho steward silts ono morning upurl in thu week for causing this punish-' ment to bo administered hy a matron, with us much decorum ns tho cuso will allow ; nor from th« pensant lo tho head housemaid is there tiny exception. ilion, thnt " thu 