SOUTH AUSTRALIAN AGRICULTURAL AND HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY. ANNUAL PLOUGHING MATCH. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 14. Judges — Messrs. J. T. Bee, D. Ferguson, D. Shannon, T. Hogarth, and R. Addis. The Ploughing Match took place on the next section south of Thebarton, an excellent and level piece of red vigin loam. y"¥hl conditions were read upon the field by the Com mittee, viz.:— „ , , Each competitor /or each prize will have to plough half-an-acre of land, in one whole and two half-lands, between the hours of9 a.m. and 3 p.m. The Judges will not appear on the ground until the matches are over and the ploughs removed. The ground will be selected by the Committee, mea sured in lots, and numbered. The ground will be taken by lot; the lots drawn for on the ground at 9 o'clock on the morning of the 11th. Each farrow to be ploughed 9 inches wide and S inches deep. A written notice, containing the name of the owner of each plough, description of plough, whether cattle or horses, ana the class for which he intends to compete, to be delivered to the Secretary. Hair's Class.—First prize, £7; second prize, £5; third prize, £3. Youths' Class. Under 18 years of age.—First prize. £i; second prize, £3; third prize, £2; lourth prize, £1. Champion Prize.—For ploughmen who have taken first prizes at any match in the colony. First prize, £10 10s.; second prize, £3 Ss. A medal of the value of £5 5s. will be presented to the person adjudged to have ploughed his ground best on the field, in addition to his other prize. For the best plough at work on the field, to he ap proved by the Judges—First prize, £2 2s.; second prizes ^ i6- ^ . For the best team of horses used in the match, being the property of one individual, £2 2s. For the host team of bullocks used In the match, being the property of one individual, £2 2s. No entrance money will be required on this occasion, bat owners of the teams must be members of the Society. The following is a list of the entries:— G EXT El I. PLOUGHING. 3\. William Miles—Horse-team; 1-wheel iron plough. Owner, William Fergusson. 3\. James Foreman, owner—Horse-team; 2-wheel iron plough. 4\. Gilbert Fergusson—Horse-team; iron swing plough. Owner, Daniel- Fergusson, 6, James Anderson—Horse-team; iron swing plough. Owner, Alexander Anderson. 6\. John Wail doll—Horse-team; iron swing plough. Owner, Allan Bell. 7\. T. P. Jones—Herse-team; 2-wheel iron plough. Owner, T. F. Jones. 8\. Richard Lonsdale—Horse-team; ?-wheel iron plough. Owner, William Blythmen. 9\. Thomas Brown—Horse-team; swingplough. Owner, . T. Brown. 10\. Thomas Jones—Horse-team; iron string plough. Owner, Robert Milne. 11\. Gordon Leslie—Bullock-team; 2-wheel iron plough. Owner, Gordon Leslie. 12\. William Blythmen—Horse-team; 2-wheel iron plough. Owner, William Blythmen. 13\. Skfifington Twigden—Horse-team; 2-wheel .Iron plough. Owner, Skiffington Twigden. 14\. Wm. George—Horse-team; 2-wheel iron plough. Owner, Samuel Good. 16\. George Palmer—Horse-team; iron swing plough. Owner, Robert Milne. 16\. George Blythmen — Horse-team; 1-wheel iron plough. Owner, William Blythmen. 17\. John Cook—Bullock-team; 2-wheel iron plough. Owner, John Cook. 18\. Thomas Pitt—Horse-team; 1-wliecl iron plough. Owners, Goode Brothers. 19\. Timothy Norman — Horse-team; 1-wheel iron plough. Owner, Robert Asladen. bots' CLASS. 21\. Christian Sckulz — Bulloek-tcam; iron swing plough. Owner, Francis Bracknaer. 22\. Charles Overton — Horse-team; 1-wheel irofi plough. Owner, Thomas Overton. The field was visited in the course of the day by His Excellency the Governor and a very large number of gentlemen, many of whom we recognised as practical farmers. The work was generally much admired, and the Ghow of teams was most gratifying. The Judges' award was not made public on the ground: it will be found in the report of the dinner. ANNUAL EXHIBITION OF STOCK. The animal show of stock took place at the Cattle Market^ the use of which had been kindly granted by His Worship the Mayor and the Corporation of Adelaide. The following prizes were offered for competition:— CATTLE. For the best Boll of any breed £10 10 0 Second best ditto 56 0 For the best two year old ditto 2 2 0 For the best yeariing ditto 2 2 0 For the best Dairy Cow 4 4 0 Seeond best ditto 2 20 Third best ditto 110 For the best Fat Steer 2 20 For the best Fat Heifer 2 2oj SHEEP. For the best Combing Bam £5 5 0 Second best ditto ... S3" For the best Clothing Ram 5 5 Second best ditto 3 3 u For the best pen of Six Fat Wethers 2 2 0 Second best ditto 11 ewuce. For the best Bosr £5 5 Second best ditto 3 3 For the best Breeding Sow 3 3 For the best Fat Pig 2 2 hobse stock. . For the best Draught Stallion £10 10 0 | Second best ditto 5 5 0 For the best Draught Brood Mare 3 3 0 Second best ditto 220 For the best Blood Stallion £1 4s.") Special Prize by John Baker, > 10 11 0 Esq., M.L.C £6 6s.) Second best Blood Stallion ... £2 2s.") Special Prize by John Baker, £• 6 5 0 Esq, M.L.C. £3 3sJ For the best Blcod Brood Mare 3 3 0 Second best ditto 2 2 0 For the best Blood Entire under three years old 2 2 0 For the best ditto under two years old ... 2 2 0 For the best ditto Filly under three years old 2 2 0 Special Phizes, amounting to £100, presented to the Society by E. C. Gwynne, Esq., M.L.C., to breeders or ] importers of Draught Horses:— For the best three year old Stallion ... £10 0 Second best ditto 5 0 For the best two year old Stallion 10 0 Second best ditto 5 0 For the best one year old Stallion 10 0 Second best ditto 5 0 For the best three year old Mare 5 0 Second best ditto 4 0 „ Eor the best two year old Filly 5 0 Ol Second best ditto 3 0 For the best one year old Filly 5 0 Second best ditto '. 30 For the best Mare imported since last Show 20 0 Second best ditto 10 0 100 0 SPECIAL ParZE« His Excellency the Governor having been pleased to diract that the sum voted daring the last session, by the : Legislative Council for that purpose should be awarded by the Judges of Horse Stock appointed by this Society, : the Committee invited exhibitions for a prize For the best cart stallion imported into the colony since last Show up to 1st September, 1855 £100 0 The following is the list of Judges:— Cattle.—Messrs. RichaTd Smith, James Douglas, and Alexander Brodic. Sheep.—John Hamilton, Alexander Buchanan, and Price Maurice. Swtxe.—Messrs. George Brunskill and Samuel Goode, sen. Blood Stock.—Messrs. John. Harvey, J. R. Norman, and John Formby. Draught Stock ax» Mb-Gui-rak's Prizes.—Messrs. Robert Hurley, Samuel Goode, 6cm, Robert Milne, Wil liam Bowman, and Alfred WHson. The quantity of stock exhibited was far gTeater than on any previous occasion. We subjoin the entries. CATTLE. Bulls, of any breed.—No. 1, J. & C. Fisher; No. 2, Lachlau McBesm; No. 3, E. M. Bagot. Two year old Bulls.—Nos. 1 and 2, G.F.Angas; No. 3, E. M. Bagot. Yearling Bulls.—No 1, Neil Malcolm; Nos. 2 to 4, G. F. Angus: No. 5, E. M. Bagot. Dairy Cows.—Nos. 1 and 2, William Burridge; No. 3, Richard Iilackler ; Nos. 4 to 2, J. &C.Fisher; Nos. 10 and 11, Laehlan McBran; Nos. 12 to 21, E. 31. Bagot. Fat Steers.—Nos. 1 to 11, J. & C. Fisher. Fat Heifers.—Nos. 1 and 2, Laclilan McBeau; No. 3, E. M. Bagot. SHEEP. Combing Rams.—Nos. 1 to 4, John Murray. Clothing Rams.—Nos. 1 and 2, Johu Murray. Pens of six fat Wethers.—Nos. 1 and 6, J. W.HHicoat; Nos. 2 to 5, J. & C. Fisher. EWTNE. Roars.—No. 1, Richard Bennett. Breeding Sows.—No. 1. Goode Brothers; 2. Richard Bennett. Fat Figs.—No. 1, Richard Bennett. HORSE STOCK. Draught Stations.—No. I, Friend Cleggett; 2, — Woodhcad; 3, John Gardner; 4, John Lang; 5, James Hunter; 6. James Clarke; 7, Thomas Johnson; 8, John Hall; 9, WilliamBasham; 10, JokuQ'Dea; 11, William Harris. Draught Brood Marcs.—No. 1, E. Aitchison; 2, Thos, Hatton; 3 and 4, J. and C. Fisher. Blood Stallions.—Nos. 1 and 2, J. and C, Fisher (imported); 3, J. W. Hillcoat (colonial); 4, Charles Scott (imported). Blood Brood ilares.—Nos. 1 and 2, J. and C. Fuhec. XTB. OWrjTKX'S SPECIAL PRIZES. The following entries were made, but the Judges re moved some of the horses from one class to another, in consequence of the ages being incorrectly estimated:— Draught Stallions.—Three years old—No. 1, Bell Freeman; 2, Reed and Hamlyii; 3, William Burridge. Draught Stallions.—Two years old—No. 1, John Kcim-s; 2, Josephlod; 3, John Gardner. Draught Stallions.—One year old—No. 1, John Kcarncs. Draught Marcs.—Three years old—No. 1, J. and C. Fisher. Draught Mares.—Two years old—No. 1, J. and C. Fisher; No, 2, Francis Broekincir.. Draught Mares.—One year old—No. 1, Jos. Did. Mares import d since last Show—No. 1, C. Jaensch; No. 2, Society for the Importation of Draught Stock. GOVERXXIEXT SPECIAL PRIZE. Nos. 1 to 4, Society for the Importation of Draught Stock; Nos. 5 and 6, J. and C. Fisher. The prizes were awarded as follows:— CATTLE. Bolls.—First prize. No. 1, J. and C. Fisher; second prize. No. 3, E. H. Bagot. Bulls.—Two years old—No. 3, E. 3L Bagot. Bulls.—Yearling—No. 1, N. Malcolm. Drjy Cows.—First prize, No. 5, J. and C. Fisher; Beconiprize, No. 7, J. and C. Fisher; third prize, No. 6, J. and C. Fisher. Fat Steer.—First prize, J. and C. Fisher (a yellow cock horncd bullock, branded W3I on the side, too wild to be numbered). Fat Heifer.—No. 3, E. 3L Bagot. SHEEP. Combing Rams.—First prize, No. 3, John Murray; second prize, No. 2, John Murray. Clothing Rams.—First prize, No, 1, John Murray; second prize, No. 2, John Murray. Fat Wethers.—First prize. No. 2, J. and C. Fisher; second prize, No. 3, J. and C. Fisher. SWISS, Boar.—No. 1, R. Bennett. . .. Sow.—No. 2, ditto. Fat Pig.—No. 1, ditto. KOBSX STOCK. Draught Stallion.—First prize, No. 3, — Woodhead (Wanrwkjj second prire, No. & Jicncs Htrnter (WqHace). Draught Brood Mares.—First prize, No. 4, J. and C. i Fisher; second prize, No. 3, J. and C. Fisher. Blood Stallions.—First jirize, No. 4, Charles Scott I {(Frank) .; second prize. No. L J. and C. Fisher. 1 Blood Brood Mares.—Eirst prize, No. 2, J. and C. Fisher,; second prize, No. I, J. and C. Fisher. ICE. QWTKSB.'*, SPECIAL VBIZBS. Stallions.—Three years old—First prize, No. 6. James Clark (Hero): second prize, No. 10, John (YDeaJYoung Milton). Stallions.—Two years old—First prize, No. 1, J. Kearnes; secondprizc, No. 2, Bead & Hxunlyn. Stallions.—Oneyearold—Firs t prize. No. 1, J.Kearnes; eeeond prize, No. 3, John Gardiner. Mares—Three years old—First prize, No. J, J. and C. Fisher. Fillies—Two ^years old—First prize, No. E. Brock sneir.; second prize, No. 1, J. aud C.Fisher. Fillies.—One year old—No. 1, Jos. Ind. Mares imported since last Show—First prize, No. 1, C. Jaensch (grey mare); second prize, No. 2, Sooiety for the Importation of Draught Stock (Jessie). GOVEBN1CEST EEIZE. Cart Stallions imported since last Show, up ±o 1st September, 1855.—No. 1, Society for the Importation of Draught Stock (Young Hertford—Lincoln breed). I At 3 o'clock Mr. J* B. Neales sold by auction the i stock imported by the Society. They were knocked down | as follows ?— Young Briton, Mr. Gwynne, £400. Prince Albert, Mr. W. Dufficld, £255. Clydesdale, Mr. Wna. Ferguson (Rcsefield), £515. Young Hertford. Messrs. Cleggett & Hunt, £580. Jessie (mare), Mr. Gwynne, £280. The weather was fine, with the exception of a single shower till the conclusion of the Show. The number of visitors in the course of the day must have been very large, as there were at least 2,000 assembled at the sale of the horses. His Excellency the Governor was present for some time, and appeared to examine the stock with much interest. We believe we speak tbe feeling of every one present when we say the utmost credit is due to the Committee for their arrangements, and to the Secretary, Mr. Alston, for his attention and courtesy; but it was generally con sidercd that the convenience of all would be better served another year by firing the ploughing match and the show of stock on separate days, as the one interfered too much with the other, and the ploughmen are debarred from the pleasure of seeing the horses and cattle. We must not close our notfee of this important ex hibition without mentioning a large collection of im proved machinery in modern husbandry shown by Messrs Tuxford. It included thrashing and dressing machines, clod crushers, carte, waggons, drills, horse rakes, ploughs, harrows, scarifiers, and subsoil pul verizers, from the houses of Crossbill, Garrett; Tuxford, Howard, Bansome, Hornsbv, &c.; They formed a very interesting feature in the attractions of the day, and excited much attention among practical agriculturist*. THE DINNER took place, as announced, at the Napoleon Bonaparte, King William-street, and it is scarcely necessary to say that both the dinner and the wines, the cuisine and the attendance, were quite worthy of the known cha- racter of that splendid establishment. The chair was taken by J. Baker, Esq. On bis right sat, as a guest of honour. His Excellency the Governor-in-Chiefi aud on the left of the Chairman sat B. T. Finniss, Esq., Colonial Secretary. The large room was filled with a goodly company, including a large number of the substantial yeomanry, the pride as they arc of their adopted country, the undoubted supporters of its material prosperity. On the removal of the cloth, Tbe Cuaibmut gave, in his usual happy style, the national toast. He said Englishmen never wanted an in ducement to express their loyalty, but the present was a juncture when they were bound to do 60 unmistakably. He gave " The Health of Her Majesty the Qaeen." The toast was drank with fervour and upstanding, the band playing the National Anthem. The CHAifiiiAif next gave " Prince Albert and the rest ' +1ia urtiio-k «-nc antKnciaeKnaSv me. of the Royal Family," "which was enthusiastically res ponded to, the band placing " Bole Britannia." The Chaibmas- called for bumpers for "The Health of His Excellency Sir Richard Graves MacDonnell, Go vernor-in-Chief of South Australia." (Cheers.) His Excellency (he said) hag been but a short time amongst us, and, therefore, we know comparatively little of him We know this, however, that he has governed in other places, and that be is a tried man. (Hear and applause.) We know also that he has been sent here by Her Majesty the Queen, and her choice proceeding upon her knowledge of his qualifica tions, we are bound to accept her endorsement that he is a man well qualified for his onerous post. (Hear, hear, and applause.) We must consider him a man well fitted to preside over and protect our interests. The feet that he has become the Patron of this Society is a guarantee that he will ever by his presence, and always by hfe influence, do all that a Go vernor can do to promote the best interests of the colony. (Applause.) It is an important matter to he favoured with the presence of those in authority at the meetings of this Society; and it is to be regretted that we have not been favoured with the presence of many of those persons who have made fortunes out of the great interests which it is the desire and the en deavour of this Society to promote. (Applause.) I am quite sure, when His Excellency sets the example, many influential persons will follow it up. (Hear, hear.) With these observations, gentlemen, I call on you to drink His Excellency's health in a bumper. The toast was drunk with prolonged and reiterated cheerings. His ExcSLt/Eirer, on rising, was greeted with re newed cheerings. When they had subsided, he said—Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen, I assure you that I am very deeply sensible of the kiud manner in which ray health has been proposed and received. I am aware that I have not been long among yon; but short as the time has been, I have learned to appreciate the value and importance of the Society whose labours this meeting is intended to promote. (Hear, hear.) It was, therefore, with great pleasure that I accepted the invitation to come hire this evening; and it is also with great pleasure I sec around me so many of the gentry and farmers of the province. From a veiy early period of my life I have been accustomed to consider as tnc source of most certain happiness and most permanent prospsrity the cultiva tion of the soil—(cheers)—and occupied as South Aus tralia is by hardy, enterprising, and intelligent culti vators of her soil, she need not envy neighbouring colo nies any advantages they possess, no matter what wealth teems in their lands. I do not think any of them can boast of sons more sincere'y attached, or secure to them more peaceful homes, more certain felicity, more real happiness. (Cheers.) Short as has been the time I have been among you, I have found it possiblo to tra verse many hundreds of miles of your territory. (Hear, hear.) I have been south, I have been up tbe Murray, I have been through your valleys and across your plains; and as I saw those plains, waving with promising crops, and considered that but a few years ago they were solely inhabited by wild men and wilder beasts, I felt it impos sible not to admire the cnegry, and to be proud of the intelligence and industry that effected so much in so short a time. (Applause.) Gentlemen, as a fellow man, I was proud of such men, and I was, I confess, prouder still to be Governor of the men of South Aus tralia. (Applause.) Seeing what had been done for the improvement of the colouy, I augured well for the future—politically and physically—of South Australia. (Renewed applause.) 1 hold that political creed that the occupation and cultivation of the soil is intimately connected with the prosperity and happiness of a people, and, therefore, it is natural ! that I should feel 'an interest in a Society es tablished to promote those objects. (Hear, and ap plause.) I am greatly pleased to find this Society so well presided over by my friend on my left (the Chair man, J. Baker, Esq.) I have also been pleased, and I thinfcyou, gentlemen, toe had reason to be pleased, with your exhibition this day. You, knowing your resources better than I do, may think it nvghthavc been better, ana your Chairman may regret that more persons lmve not bean present; yet I tliink upon the whole it was most satisfactory, and one of which fh'S Society may well be proud. (Applause.) Having been honoured with the position of Patron of this Society, I may be allowed, with permission of the Chairman, to conclude by proposiug a toast which, in this room, and in tliis company, needs no preface to recommend it—" Prosperity to the Agricul tural and Horticultural Interests of South Australia." Allow m e to say that, in proposing and drinking this toast, I do it, not as a matter of .course, but genuinely and from my heart. Come, gentlemen, we wiU drink it if you please in faumpcre, and with aU the honours. (Cheers.) The toast was drunk with thunders of applause. The CnAiEiLAS" returned thanks for the interest His Excellency expressed on behalf of the Society. Every man present felt convinced of his sincerity, and also felt assured that whenever opportunities presented them selves he would in deed prove his interest in their wel fare, and that they would have many opportunities of thanking him for benefits conferred on the Society. (Hear, hear.) He (the Chairman) was satisfied that the wealth created by agricultural enterprise was far more permanent and real than anything derived from exhausti ble auriferous deposits. He once, indeed, feared that permanent wealth and prosperity could not be secured under the SO-aere system of this colony; but experience proved its superiority over the system of large proprie taries in adjoining color'es. Dissatisfaction might be expressed by the thoughtless tourist at not seeing 5ti South Australia the neat woodbine-adorned cottages, so pleasing an adjunct to the Eaglish landscape, but when it was" considered that this colony, as His ExceMcncy had so well expressed it, was but 20 years ago a desolate w5' derncss, the wonder would be that so many happy homes "had in that short time been called into existence—houses replete with all the comforts and many of the elegancies "of life. He begged again, on the part of the Society, to thank His Excellency for the kind wishes he expressed towards the objects it was associated to promote. (Cheers.) " Sir. Ai.sToy, the Secretary, then read the list of prizes awarded for ploughing, viz. V nv'« CLASS. T. P. Jones (No. 7), first prize, £7; Skiffington Twigden (No. 13), 2nd, £5; John Cook (No. 17), 3rd, £3. youths' class. Charles Overton (No. 22), 1st prize, £4: Christian Schulitz (No. 21), 2nd, £3. CKAUFIOff CLASS. James Foreman (No. 3) 1st prize, £10 10s.; William "Miles (No. 2) 2nd do., £5 6S. BEST PLOCGBmir TS THE FIELD. J. P. Jones (No. 7), the silver medal. PLOUGHS. The Judges not having seen them at work, declined to award any prize. BEST TEAir OF HOBSES Ef TUB FIELD. Mr. Good, sea., £2 2s. BEST TBAXI OF BULLOCKS XH THE FIELD. Sir. Cook, £2 2s. His Excellency handed the prize to each successful competitor as he came forward, accompanying it in each instance with a gracious remark or an encouraging com pliment. To Charles Overton His Excellency said, " I should not have supposed, from your youthful appearance, that you were able to win a prize. It gives me great pleasure to hand what you have won so well over to you; it is a pleasing proof of what we may expect from vAnnir mon rtf thifi flnlnnr" fT.nnd jinnl.llivl His the young men of this colony." (Loud applause.) His Excellency, in handing the prize to James Foreman, said he understood that was the 12Lh testimony of ability as a ploughman which he had won. He was glad of that. The Chaxemait—But, your Excellency, he has been beaten to-day, ttik Excellency was glad of that also; it proTCd that they had more than one eminent where many were excellent. (Applause.) In handing the several prizes for stock to Messrs. J. and C. Fisher, His Excellency said he felt assured that he only expressed the general sentimont when he said those gentlemen had achieved a most spirited undertaking, and had done good service to the objects of the Society in importing such magnifi cent stock. Their enterprise was most honourable to themselves, most be very advantageous to the colony, and wonld, he hoped, have many imitators. (Applause.) The CHAiBMAir, on the completion of the distribution of prizes, called on Mr. W. Ketees, who said—Mr. Chairman and Gen tlemen—The toast I have the honour to propose this cven ingis " Tlie Army and Navy of England and her Allies." If 1 should notdoitjustice, I entreat your forgiveness, for one would require the eloquence of him whose voice of old thundered over Greece, when he speaks of the British army and navy, at once the wonder and glory of Europe. All men in a savage state are warriors, not only nam choice, bat necessity, and the only ascendancy there acquired by one individual over bis fellows is do riYedfrom his personal prowess; and aemen make the first step towards civilization, they begin to mute themselves . in tribes or eommonitiBs under these men of renown. In a still higher and more advanced state of progression, it has been found advanttteous that a certain portion of each nation should be exdnsively trained to arms, that ; the remainder of the people should be enabled to pursue I their industrial occupations in undisturbed security; and ■ thus standing armies have arisen, which, like warrior bees, : guard the lives of their respective communities from intru sion. The records of the past present us with an almost panoramic view of the various armies of different nation^, and to noneofthem does hietoryin her pages accordahigher place than to the British army. The splendours of Cressy and Agincour t, the glories of Maplaquet and Ramifies, and the lustre attending such actions as Vittoria and Water loo, fully justify (this assertion; indeed, so struck was one of the French generals with the uniform bravery of onr •roops, that he declared.that the British soldier is brave at all times, whether he ate, or drank, or slept; in fact, that he was constitutionally brave. When Russian ag grandisement and despotism rendered it imperative that Great Britain should .take measures to repress her annexations and to curb and restrain her tyranny, she sent her fleets and her armies to the Crimea, and there recent events have shown that the British soldier is still worthy of the eulogium passed upon him by the Frenchman. The first thing that arrests our attention is the British army fording a rapid stream under a heavy fire of artillery the Russian batteries; and amid that iron shower that hurtles through the darkened air they gain the opposite bank, form into com panies, and resume their advance towards the entrench ments of the enemy. Struck by the storm of bullets vomited forth from these defences, our battalions 6cem to oscillate, waver, and recede. No; it is only the British Lion couching,gatheriDghimself together before he makes his final—his fatai spring.; and when almost simulta nconsly these battalions vault over the breastworks which defend the enemy, we then and there see with what strength and valour our British soldiers fight. Their measured tread shakes the ground, their dreadful volleys sweep away the head -of every formation —- their deafening hurras rise above the dissonant and barbarous ,cries of the enemy; and when on the part of the Russian officers, after loud and long appeals to.the ancient fame cf their soldiery, after exciting their' fanaticism, they persuade them to await the near approach of our batta-■ lions. Appalled by the mere aspect of the British soldier, { in all his majesty and panoply of war, they flee, passing on to Balaklava, where wild and high the Campbell's gathering rises above those sons of Ossian, whom we see drawn ont in double ranks across that valley, there to await the charge of the Russian horse; and firm and immovable as their native hills, against which the broad billows of the Atlantic waste their impotent fury, so stand these plaided warriors, proof to the tem pest-shock of the Muscovite cavalry, and fling them as foam from their lines, like the lightning which succeeds to the thunder-clap rending the forest. So, after the trumpet's blast, do tbeir companions - in-arms burst through the Russian horse, leaving death and destruction in their track. And how shall I speak of our light cavalry ? Rome, in her hour of peril, found only one warrior willing to sacrifice himself for his country; but at the call of duty the British army produced 700 of her soldiers who were seen to ride into a sea of fire more horrible—into an abyss of destruction more appalling—than that chasm which ecgulphed and entombed the Roman patriot. Again, at Inkermann, where the rifles of the Russians, deal ing death among our soldiery, and their trumpets sounding their -advance on our position, was the first announcement of their proximity in that nocturnal struggle—where every one of our soldiers was a hero—everyone of our officers united in his own person the chivalrous courage of a Paladin, with the skill of a general—where a hand-to-hand fight or melee ensued, instead of a regular engagement—there British valour quailed not. At length, amidst the rattle of musketry, the roar of artillery, and the shouts of the contend ing soldiery, the earthquake voice of victory breaks forth from our warriors, and the blood- stained heights of Inkermann are won. Let us drink to the memory of the brave men who have fallen in these actions At this point the company rose and pledged the toast, mistaking it for the one the speaker rose to propose. The Chairman also overlooking its solemn character, which demanded that it should be ;drunk in solemn silence^ called on Mr. Keynes to give tbc tune for the oidinary "• Cheer, boys, cheer." Mr. Keynes attempted to do so, but some ardent spirit in the meeting pronounced him too slow, and forthwith pealed out a strain that made the welkin ring. The Chairman was about to proeeed when Mr. Keynes requested permission to proceed, and con tinued—Pledge me, gentlemen, from whose battle-fields in rapid succession have arisen newThcrmopbylac—from whose tumuli new altars to liberty have sprung—the flame of whose sacrifices burn with a clear, steady, mid perpetual light, notwitstanding the radiance emitted by that star which glittered on the breasts of the bravest and best of that army called the Grand—the first rays of whose appearance was greeted by the rush of millions to arms, which dazzled them by its meteoric brilliancy, while, ignis faiv-us like, it lured them to destruction; but this light I speak of reflects those departed heroes and their deeds as a mirror reflects the sun. Yes, gentle men, they have become the glass in which the soldiery of this and succeeding ages shall learn to dress them selves. There is one virtue- exclusively belonging to the British army coeval with its existence^ and second only to its valour—its obedience. The greatest ml'Uary power the world ever saw was that image of brass which brake in pieces the kingdoms of the earth and subjugated them to its iron yoke—the turbulent and mutinous spirit of its soldiery on which this superstructure rested were the feet of clay which, incapable of cohesion, gave way and laid prostrate that empire erected by blood and conquest alone. Our Eastern ally lost her right arm when the destruction of the Janizaries became.a necessary, if not a justifiable measure. ^In the other kingdoms of Europe now a military despotism usurps the place of representative government. The British army alone is the conservator of liberty—not the subverter of freedom, forming a wall, a living rampart round our Constitution, that must be annihilated ere the smallest desecration oan be perpetrated on that palladium of our liberties. I cannot forget our navy—by whose valour alone Britain has received the appellation, the trident-bearing Queen of" the wide seas—whose rumoured approach was suffi cient to cause the Bussian admirals to adopt suicidal measures with respect to their fleet, and ingloriously to sink their vessels—before the first appearance of whose meteor flag the ships of the enemy disappear, and vanish as the lesser orbs before the rising of the god of day. And the generals of this army and admirals of this day who, void of ambition, have retired like so many Cincinatti, to devote themselves to agri cultural pursuits, their chlefest delight has been to mingle with their fellow-citizens at the festive board, and especially on such occasions as the present. Inow call on you, gentlemen, to drink the toast—"The Army and Navy of Grrat Britain and her Allies"— that British army and navy whose valour has been rarely imitated, certainly never surpassed—whose obedience has been often admired, yet never copied— whose chivalrous deeds, whose feats of arms, whose vic torious history has inscribed with a pencil of light on her tablets in characters unperishablcas fame and Lasting as time itself—that army aud navy of our allies, which, though sometimes sustaining reverses, has achieved bril 1 lant victories; and even at Sinope, the worst catastrophe that has occurred during the present war, the Torks could exclaim with Francis I., "All is lost except our honour." Mr. ptrFFiELD gave "The Health- of the Successful Competitors." He said that was one which required no eloquence to recommend it. The Chairman had found it necessary to curtail his remarks, and, consequently, he would not think of occupying their attention, particu larly as one of the much respected Fisher family would have to respond. (Cheers.) Mr. C. Fisheb said he felt great pride in being such a successful competitor for the prizes of the day, and all he cooldsay was that he would endeavour to carry off more prizes next year. (A laugh.) He had on the part of the other successful competitors to thank the Society for the very efficient arrangements of the day. He felt that they were also much indebted to His Excellency for Ins kindness in being present, and for the complimentary manner in which he presented the prizes. (Applause.) Mr. Bagot gave "The Unsuccessful Competitors," ex pressing a hope that they would he more successful on another occasion. Mr. A-nnaiTAur Shanxoit, in giving" The Health of the Judges," expressed a desire that greater attention should be paid in future to the breeding of stock. Mr. Goods returned thanks. The Judges had en deavoured to satisfy themselves in giving their decisions, though it was a vay difficult thing to please all. The imported stock were far preferable to what had h ithcrto been seen in the colony, and were an honour to those who selected them. Mr. Bee returned thanks on behalf of the Judges of the ploughing. They had endeavoured to do their duty conscientiously. He remarked that the man who gained the champion prize was defective in one particular — his right hand half ridge was too wide, and conse- quently he was obliged to take more than a nine-inch furrow. Mr. Daktel FEBGrsoN- believed it would be admitted that tlic South Australian Agricultural Association was tlie parent society in the colony, though at onetime it became defunct. It had been materially assisted by other societies. He would therefore propose, " The Local Agricultural oocictics." Mr. Dawes returned thanks. The society with which he was more immediately connected had never died. It had always retained its position; and though it could not boast of stock equal to what had been exhibited that day, he hoped they would in future be able to do so; and the country societies in general would always be in a position to assist the parent society. Mr. Bbu^-skxll expressed the pleasure he felt at the circumstance that the imported horses had been sold, thereby conferring upon the colony the advantages which was contemplated by the importers. Mr. J. B. Hughes proposed " The Commerci?1, Mining, and Pastoral Interests." He would commence with the last first. The pastoral pursuits were the means of the discovery of the nrncs, and would, under the superintendence of an all- wise Providence, conduce to the opening up the interior of the country. The wool oF South. Australia, in consequence of the want of the natural facilities which existed in New South Wales for washing, did not realize so large prices as the wool of that colony; yet it was equal in quality to that of any other colony. He was delighted at the appearance of the rams that day exhibited, for they had wool from the hoof to the nose, and none on the throat. The mines of the colony had proved of inesti mable value at a time when the other interests of the province most required to be fostered; and the com mercial interest was of equal importance to the rest. Dr. "WjLek returned thanks. He was never ergaged in commerce, and did not possess a angle sheep. But he considered that no man could traverse the world w ithout being convinced of the great advantages of com merce. Unless this country had the means of exchanging its corn, which was its staple produce, the farmer could not thrive. He knew of no country more blessed rinn this with its golden grain and its mineral riches, much of which he believed was yet undiscovered. He would not expatiate on the advantages of the pastoral interests, but return thanks on behalf of those gentlemen who were engaged in the pursuits named in the toast. Mr. Hewett proposed "The Importers of Stock." He was sure that any man who estimated the value of good stock must have been highly gratified with that day's ex hibition. He never saw a better in his life. He was of opinion that if they wished constantly to improve their stock, they must continue from time to time to import the male animal. The importers of stock must be grati fied with the conscious knowledge that they had conferred a lasting benefit upon the community. At this stage of the proceedings IDs Excellency retired amidst the plaudits of the meeting, the band at the same time playing the National Anthem. Mr. Tobbess thought long speeches after dinner out of place. He would therefore be brief. The toast re quired only to be named to ensure an enthusiastic re sponse. It was "Lady MncDonnell, and the ladies of South Australia." This having been drunk with enthusiasm and true gallantry— The CsAisif as* called on the oldest bachelor in the room to retain thanks, on which Mr. Daws* rose, amidst much cheering, but gave way to agcneral call for Mr. Hamilton. This not being responded to by that gentleman, Mr. T. L. Goods rose and. acknowledged the toast in a short speech, full of complimentary allusions tothedair sex. " Here's a health to ah good.I^sses," by the company and the band* j Mr. Bbuveooll proposed "The j^ress*" The toast j vu rfi&ft; imporunee to firexy.fteiifcer of theopoft-J mdsity, and it&ooaductors; were entitled to the regard all who were inihe habit of attending meetings of .that kind. He did net «ay that the press of the eoflony had always been conflicted in an unexceptionable manner, bat contended that any conductor of the press who rshould attempt rt© create national animosities was no friend to the colony. They were all South Australians, and ought not fcc be divided into national sects and parties. He felt.Tery strongly on the subject, and there* lore would say no more. Mr. Honnnzr returned thanks. ltfr McCltjbe proposed "The Health of -Chsir xnan" in a highly-complimentary speech. The Cbuxbkas, in returning thanks, stated thatiit would always be:±is endeavour to promote the objects the Soeiety had in view. It was gratifying to reflect that in the short time which had elapsed since the depression under which *hp Association, in common with - the colony, laboured, it had risen to a much higher position *hnn it bod ever before attained. He hoped that >it would still continue to progress. By encouraging the: cultivation of the.land, the importation of stock, and "the; other objects contemplated by the Association, they would raise the colony to as high a position, with regard; to the Australian colonies as England had attained hi j reference to the other nations of the continent of Europe. S They had the land, the bone and sinew, the mind and intellect necessary for that purpose. He believed also that the climate was well adapted to the breed of horses, and that the lime would arrive when the thoroughbred stock of the colony would be equal to any of the world. (Applause.) He hoped also that the Society would have great accessions to its numbers. He was almost ashamed of having held the position he did so long. In that Society they could not hope to progress without the infusion of jiew blood. He also hoped that the agriculturists in the oolony would endeavour to carry out the objects of the Association by lending not merely a passive but an active assistance. He again returned thanks for the cordial maimer in which they had drunk his health, and proposed the health of*Mr. David Shannon and the other "Vace-Chairman. i Mr. SHAinroir returned thanks. Mr. Fishes also acknowledged the compliment. Mr. Hogabth suggested the propriety of making arrangements for a ball in connection with the Asso ciation. Mr. Hamiltojt supported the suggestion. He thought that it would give an opportunity to the children of the farmers, who had received a good education, to display their accomplishments. The only difficulty would be to find a ball- room large enough. (Applause.) The fair sex were the means of nerving the males to the duties of life, and it was only just that tbfy should be allowed their fair share of recreation. (Cheers.) Mr. S. Goode, jum, proposed " The Health of the La bourers/' and stated that he would himself give £3 to the agricultural servant who had been longest in any one situation. The Chxibkax said the Committee would be happy to receive the promised amount^ or any other sum, as a special prize, which would be devoted to the object for which it was given. He thought they ought not to separate without drinking the healths of the gentlemen who had contributed towards the funds of the Soeiety, and with that toast he would associate the name of Mr. Gwynne, who had contributed £100. The toast having been responded to, the Chairman withdrew. The Bull Polt allocs.—This bull is the property of Neil Malcolm, Esq., of PoltaUoch, Argyle shire, and owner of the cattle-station of that name on Lake Alexandrine in tliis province. PoltaUoch Is of the short-horn breed, and reached Port Adelaide from London in August last on board the Tasmania. Another bull, of the same breed and of equally high pedigree, had been shipped along with him, also for this colony, but died at sea near the Line. PoltaUoch is from the herd of Mr. Booth, KiUerby, and was calved 16th January, 1854\. His pedigree is as foUows -.—Got by Royal Back, 10,750; dam OoToncl by Hamlet, 8,126; g.-dam Chalk by Leonard, 4,210; g.-g.-dam Bellonaby Buckingham, 3,239; g.-g^g.-dam bred from the stock of Sir M. W. Ridley, Bart. Joist-Stock Bajtk.—We understand tliat after careful deliberation the prospectus of the proposed " Joint-Stock Bank of South Australia" has at length been finaUy agreed upon, but that it is not the intention of the Provisional Committee to publish it until a suffi cient number of shares have been taken np to guarantee its success. In the excitement of the present moment this may occupy some little time; but we hope ere long to see the Bank making satisfactory progress. Emigrants per Admiral Boxer.—Fifty one families, or 73 souls, left Port Adelaide on the 7th, m the Government schooner Yatala, for Port Wiilunga, in which thriving neighbourhood the adults will doubtless -be comfortably settled and steadily employed. The Yatala wiU thence proceed to Port Lincoln, with des patches referring to the approaching election for the flinders District. Cricket.—We understand it is tbe intention of the Adelaide Cricket Clnb to play a scratch match on the 29th instant, and to invite the attendance of the members of the South Australian and Union Clubs. Royal Victoria Theatre.—The house was crowded on Monday evening from the orchestra to the ceiling to witness the debut of the infant actress, Miss Anna Maria Quinn. The notices of the press, and the rumoured reputation that had preceded the little pro digy, prepared the public for no common treat, and, unlike most cases where expectation is strained to the utmost, there was no disappointment. The first act of Hamlet was got up with tolerable care, and in the second scene Miss Quinn appeared as the grief-stricken Prince. Her first appearance satisfied the audience that a performer of no mean pretensions was before them. The make-up was perfect; she looked a Lilliputian Macready, not alone in inky cloak or sable trappings, but in the sorrow-absorbed mien and utter indif ference to the pomp and circumstance that surrounded her. Still the mind could scarcely conceive the pos sibility of a child so young (bat seven years of age), even if tricked out in the garb and schooled in+D expression of a particular feeling, going creditably through the trying scenes on the platform which have tried the energies of the most celebrated perform ere. Yet all tliis was done, and excellently well done, by little Miss Quinn. She delivered the first soliloquy with taste and energy; she heard the story of the apparition with natural surprise, but with the easy credence of one who had vague and indefinite suspicions that required development or dispersion. Her adjuration of the Ghost was passionately earnest, and she foiled the enquiries of the partners of her watch with a happy mixture of badinage and solemnity that many an old stager might well envy. Of the other characters it is scarcely necessary to speak. Mr. Vinson was correct and impressive as Horatio. Miss Murray looked quite queenly as Gertrude, which was all she had to do. Miss Graham looked innocent and interesting, and nothing more is required of Ophelia in the first act. The Messrs, Melville were as graceful as usual, and Mr. Cox, who played the Ghost well, would have done it better had he not repeated most maladroitly, " This eternal blazon must not be," by way of preface to the very matter he " burst his -cere ments" to disclose—the story of his murder. On the fall of the curtain the house resounded with a call for Miss Quinn. She appeared with Mr. Vinson, who in a neat speech expressed the acknowledgments of his accomplished and talented pupil. A lively little piece followed, named " Who speaks first," in which Mr. Cox, Miss Graham, Mr. Huou, Mr. Downey, and Sirs. Downey, each and all contributed to a hearty half-hour's amnsemeut. Then followed the great and astounding feat of the evening—the personation of six characters by Miss Quinn. In the "Actress of All-work1' she represented an enterprising girl willing to make no common effort to be near her lover, and to effect that object introduces herself to his father, the Manager (Vinson), in the dif ferent similitudes of a raw country girl who wants to play at the showhouse, the grandmother of the aspirant for theatrical honours, and one who has had her own engagements and triumphs in her time; a fashionable actress, graceful, imposing, and exacting; and a fast young man, her admirer/well skilled in the modem arts | for securing a ran for a new piece, or entrapping the public into applauding a particular actor; a French figurante, proud of her postures, her foreign origin, and her broken English; and, again, the sweetheart of the Manager's sou. In all those characters, assumed in i rapid succession, the littlecomedian fairly took the house by storm. Plaudit followed plaudit until the fall of the curtain, when for the second time she was summoned to receive the tribute of a delighted audience. It was an i nounccd that Miss Quinn will appear on Wednesday evening in the dungeon scene from "King John," and as little Pickle in the " Spoiled Child." Royal Victoria Theatre.—The per formanccs on Wednesday evening commenced with a petit comedy, called somewhat incorrectly the " Won derful Woman." Thess Ambitious Woman" would be a more appropriate title, if the predominant passion of the principal character should influence the nomenclature of the piece. It has a lively plot, but was sadly marred in the acting in consequence of Miss Graham, on whom the whole interest depended, being imperfect in the role of the Marchioness. Mr. C. Walsh, as Crepin (a cobbler), was exceedingly amusing, andhisvacy humour alone made the piece tolerable, although Messrs. Cox, Huon, and Miss Murray played extremely well; but their efforts missed fire in consequence of the drawback referred to. It is painful to be compelled to notice in sach terms a clever and generally painstaking actress, but while every allowance be made for want of experience, neglect of study is an unpardonable offence in a young aspirant for histrionic honours. A scene from Shafrspcare's tragedy of King John followed, in which Miss Anna Maria Quinn appeared as Prince Arthur pleading for the preservation of his eyesight, of which the tyrant had determined to deprive him. It was a most interesting scene,andwas most impressively played. The little artiste infused such thrilling earnestness into her appeals to Hubert (Vinson), she accompanied her entreaties with such graceful action and such varying but appropriate expression of countenance, as plainly ex hibited not only a perfect comprehension of the situation, but a rare felicity in expressing all its passoin and its pathos. On the fall of the curtain, the Theatre re sounded with an applauding call, which Miss Quinn responded to by coming forward and bowing her acknow ledgments. In the old and favourite farce of " The Spoiled Child" Miss Quinn revelled a very domestic Pack. All the feats that our fathers laughed at of yore were repeated, and excited a risibility as fresh and genuine as the talent that provoked it. The roasting of the poll-parrot for the pheasant, the artful excuse for laming the favourite mare, and all the practical jokes on the indulgent father, the sour old maiden aunt, and her disreputable lover, were given with inimitable spirit. lu the second act, Miss Quinn intro duced a sailor's hornpipe, which fairly electrified the house; bat the whole piece was a series of hits— every prank extorted a round of applause, and the audience were kept in a continual roar of most genuine laughter throughout. The usual compliment awaited the charming little actress, who was again called before the curtain, and vociferously applauded. We under stand Miss Quhrn's next appearance will be as Paul Pry. Me. Peacock's Meetings.—Among the persons present at Clarendon, the names of Messrs. Young and Smith were erroneously inserted. The for mer gentleman wishes us to insert the following as a corrected statement of what passed between Mr. Peacock and himself at Rcynella on the subject of the publicans' licence-money:—** Mr. Young objected to the licensing of public-houses being vested in the hands of District Councils, and argued that he considered that the subject of education might with greater propriety be entrusted to those bodies. Mr. Peacock said that at the time of the passing of the District Councils Act it was under stood that the fees would be received for the benefit of the district. Mr. Young replied that the present mode of its being made a portion of the general revenue, and then giving equal to the amount of rate Elected in each district, was by far the most equitable." East Toeeen'S.—A correspondent informs us us there is an error iu the sketch of the meeting at the World's End, Magill, supplied to us on Wednesday evening. Instead of the motion in favour of Mr, Gwynnc being carried by a considerable majority, our correspondent states that the Cha:rman declared there were 65 hands held up for Mr. Hughes, and 70 for Mr. Gwynae, • The Crops.—The formers in general ere ready to acknowledge that the present is a most genial and promising season. Those in the upland districts say they have now had rather too much tret, hat there is little if any appearance of the crops having suffiTed in .MBieqQeace m humidity ef soil or indra.'SffjifAfcJUoa. 