THITDEiSE^ (From a Boy's Adventures in '' ihe Wilds of Australia.; or, Herbert's N.Jc- JBooIt. By 'William Howitt.) Hero wo are once more in civilised life (iu. Melbourne), and, ns I havo plenty of time, £ will put down a memorable adventure which, we had on onr travels, as' 'well as the history of the Deserted Station. It was growing rapidly dark one evening as wo were travelling iu the far-distant bush, aud endeavoring to reach the station - of our good friend Mr Bonnegilla. But after a long - day's journey we could neither reach his station nor find any water, mere was tlio channel oi what was evidently a stream (] uring the winter season of the year, but mile after mile, we had traced it, and there was not a single pool of water left. So onward wo had been compelled to go, still looking for a water hole, or a brook, or LSonncgilla's station, but in vain. Night was fast gathering round us. As we were about to ascend a fresh liill wo saw something lie in the road before us, and examining ' it, we found that it was a large ^strong bullock, that was yet not entirely dead;: it had apparently fallen exhaused .by. thirst,; and the hard;hearted; drivers had loft it to its 'fate, fearing that if they delayed their journey to render it assistance, they too should ''liave to pass the night without water, and others;, of their team might perish. . Much as we pitied the poor animal we were unable to do any thing for it. We too , wero .consumed witli thirst, and our horses dragged wearily along' their load, sulferiug much the like fatigue and' want of 'Water., It was evident that a few. minutes would terminate the. sufferings of the poor bullock, and wo went on, Shortly after wards to our joy ™ -perceived on our right hand at some distance a station; - ' There.!'! we exclaimed, i ' is Mr Bonnegilla's house I' Wo took-the _road .thaA„\viouiKl off _to tlie \- right towards it, . and soon, drew near- it..' But dark as- it was become)' as we approached the place, thero was something so- strange and desolate in the -aspect' of; the building, and the whole was so dark and so still, that} -ve wore struck with wonder.' Wo 'peered through -the gloom to, trace; 'a. column of;smoke arising from one of the chimneys ; not a' trace was to bo seen.' 'How ! what can ;it be!?'' was- ex- claimed.- .We drew on.'' No' dog barked,' no form-appeared, no flight shone, .from door or window. We drew, still nearer, and what an apparition stared upon ns;thVo'ngli tlvo gloom of night ,1 It was the great skeiotou of a deserted house,' surrountled'by-*,thio' skeletons;ofitsiout baildings and offices. , , Never was thero, such a scene of desertion and ruin: All around on the ground; lay masses 'of loose -timber ..and great patches of shiugles, whiclL appcarecl to ' have'- been remov^'^^ni»afe$i^ Thero stood up ; cxtonsivo'Wooddn walls, but destitute of doors aud windows, ' a^ell as of roof. The naked spars and joists 'alone stood upwliere the roofhadbeen. Behind this was a whole 'group of other buildings iu a'similar condition of delnpidation and decay. In the front there 'was an' open' extent of level land, overgrown. with a species of'thi'stle, which was now dried. into a while and also skeleton state. Behind rose a dense i forest in which tlie:opos'-' sum. and flying -squirrels- were', 'making their riotous liightly sound, and where the . solitary , morepork was ' repeatiug' his dolorous mono tone; -Never; was tliere a,-, place I wliicli pro . sentod so complete a picture of desolation. As: wo stood gazing, in wonder at' it; and wonder ing still more wliere,v.'after fill, ' 'wo wore to camp ,1'or the night, 'seeing that we ^were so thoroughly dcceived'here, 'we saw the figure of a main steal silently from, one of 'the open doorways of tlio deserted house, and go as. - if .riot' noticing u3, to, ;a -''distance among - the scrub. What ,pi'aco is this ?' we ' cried. That' is more than. I can toll you,' auswe'red tlio ? gruff voice of ano ther man, who just then: made, his appearance; ' What are you doing hero; then ? ' ' What should il.be doing,' answered the man,, ' but camping.'- ' Camping !. what, will you; camp in. a ruin like that '{' 'Ay, sure,' replied the 'man, .'.and you may do the same ; there is plenty of room, at all events, and fire-place to boot.' -' We then' found, that .this was- one of the bullock drivers who had. left tlie bullock to die oil the road, and who, on our urging him to try and save .it, only said, : ' Save, it be hanged ! I reckon it is dead enough before now.' .''-.But. is .there no water here?' ? 'Ay, water enough ; the creelc runs up behind the honso hcre.' With that, the man, not. stop ping to listen to our advice to 'carry, the bul lock some water, .gathered some of, the old , decaying .timber,, .went; in, and , snon had a famous blaze kindl'cd ' iii ; tho ' old building/ which enly looked the . more '.-skeleton-like and dismal from ,tho light-cast within it. We turned our horses' heads in another direction, went to some distance up, the .creek,; and en camped near a.gigantic -gum -tree.. Anon we saw* the ''blaze in 'theJOld building casting a still more vivid radiancp, and could hear the voices of several- men singing over. their bottle, and ^3casio'iiaUy''talkiug' iu'-a loud tone, as if also quarrelling over- their liquor-. -They^kopt up; .their revel till lato in the old ruins ; then thedighfc faded out, the sound of voices died away, and' all became silent and dark. In the „ morning, on awaking, I was half inclined to think that I had dro:imed of that old desolate place, fit spot for robbers or ghosts ; but I .-looked out; and still.it was there, appearing even more extensive, though not so wild aud di?mal .as, .over, night. .. After, breakfast we some of us strolled .up.' to it. The bullock drivers1 liad disappeared at the, earliest peep of .day, and, had. , left; no traces of their sojourn but the still unquenched ashes, and a quantity of empty beer- bottles. While we were pro-' paring to park our cart, aud proceed on our, way, a settler rode up near tQ us, and. going up to him to ask how lar we were from our friend Mi1. Bonnegilla's; 'station, we at once | recognised tho jolly face of his overseer, Micky I-Iicky.- This was a welcome discovery. He informed.. us that wo were only about three milesi'rom the station;' and ' said Mr. Boiine 'gilla' had- been .expecting us'for -some days. , We .now a^ed'Micliy..I-Iiclc- how' this station had fallen into such /decay. It looked' we said, as if some1 horrible deed' had, been com mitted in it ; that it was just the sort of place ? for robbery- and -murder. 'Well,' don't vou know the history of' it ?' ?. Wo' said !?' No ' . V Did you,nover: hear/ of.; .'the. two brothers Maclaclan, .who occupied this station?' How they came out. together; the -'elder aud i'a r .younger, brother.,; th.o.'oiie .with money arid , the .other with none? -How the elder, ? to ' persuade tlio youngest, to come out with-him, had promised him equal share of, every thing ? but'that' he had taken .this station in his own \- , name, .'putting the jdutigCT lirother off-with alf j Borts of promises ? ..That; wlieu t'three,or four ', , years . had gone over, arid the station yfuk. well . etockcd with sheejj and cat'tle,' and tho bivd ? times had been passed through,' aiid every \ 'tli'i.ig was gettiug prosperous again, the — ,y.Qu,Uger„brother had insisted that on reuew , ... ing tha license, liis name should this year be put conjointly. Tiiafc the , elder had solemnly 'protnisedxt^have:; it- done,™ but liad_ not. done it, audi said that the. Government had ^macKTa difficulty; -about- altering the_old'form of the license; but that it was all one ; he would be as good as his word, and that, his younget brother might consider. himself joint possessor. That the younger brother on learning this became terribly enraged, and that there was very high words between tho brothers, and th 1 1 the elder one, who was very tired with liis long journey do'.vn to , Melbourne to pay his liceniro money, said, ' Don't bother me any more, I ^yant to sleep ;' saying which he threw himself -ia .his. bed, which was near the fire place, j 'tad slopt. Whereupon tho 'younger brotherhood- some time hovering over , him like a $f{ld beast, then suddenly snatched up ari ase, ,aud clove the elder brother's head, 1 .-and then fled out of the place, land was never seen afte.' ? Did you never j hear _ lhat 1' shrieked' Hickvi laying a strong emphasis on that, as if ev^ry one buglitto havo heard it. We said, 'Ni?,-Fe never had heard it,' adding what a horrib.1*3 story it' was, and no wonder the .old place stood, deserted. ' But why are you smiling, Hicky ?' asked my father, for on looking at .hiin, instead of appearing impressed with the horrprs of his own story, ho had a curious twinkle in his eye, and seemed to be enjoy ing k something vastly. ' What are you siftiliiig at Hicky ?' said my father, ' that dreadful story is surely nothing to smile at,?' ' No; not if it were true,' said Hicky. ' And is it not true ?' we asked. ' No, not a word of it,' replied Hicky; 'but I saw you were ready wound up for a dreadful story, an in teresting murder, or. something of the sort, as you thought it was just; tho .place for, rob bers J and murderers, so I thought I would treat you: to a little romance;' Whereupon Hicky laughed right heartily, for he loved' a jolcefdearly.- : ' You aro au incorrigible, wag, ' -H ickyt'f jwe said'j; ' so there was -nothing un-; fortunate that occasioaed this station to be , deserted, ;. and , go, thus to ruin ?' '' ' Stop,' - said! Micky, again looking.- serious, : 'yOu' are gettiug on too fast again, there was .trouble enough which occasioned,, us, to . desert this station ; aud I will now tell you what it, was, 'But are you going to tell us- facts, ^or fables again?' 'Pacts, gentlemen, facts'; what I tell. you now is the sober truth. : When wq. first came up into the bush wo were 'like tliousands of-otliers ; we knew nothing whatever of the country; or of -its peculiarities. Wo. came.., up-, in the 'summer, and saw that all was dry and burirtnipr Wo~~s aw- p e r h ap s a-little- brook .^that'We' could' stride ijver, winding down tho valjoy between .deep banks, or a solitary waterfall,; hero^ and there in its bed, and' thought tliat;^e^Co^ld not do better than get ;!l?''pear;i'fras.we.^]a|3^'' Here, however, you' sfi'ej We^did -build&;o^-.^.slight. elevation, and a hundred yards from 'the creek. Well, all went on Ivory well during the summer, but- one, 'day in [autumn thero came.' a; regular dreuchiug rain. Iu tho ^ycnirig^as 'T looked out, I could, seej the creek , actually huming bank-full; If .there is much more of this,? said I, 1 the- creek will bo over its 'Ijatiks -before morning ;' bu1; little did I thcu ikuow of'the sudden ' rise of those streams after ; 'rains Thero had very' likely boon ? much rain up amongst the ' hills ? where -this creek .took' its rise, before it ,began to; raia'']iere. Be that as it may, lio.woy.or,' about midiiighr riiy'; wife 'awoko''me,~sayingr '.Mifeky, ^Vhat makes* 'the^shfeep bleat so?-' -? I. -had camped them, about~~tw6 , thousand ' iii' number, ou.tha'f -swell1 there in tho. bend of the creek, as a dry place . from 'its elevation. .I jlistened, and sure oiidugh tiiorewas'rt pite ous bloating amongst' the 'sheep. , L listened ?a | moment, longer, for I: thought I 'heard a rushing sound as of 'a' stream ; and. at |onco it occurrod to me that the creek was i out. ' Gracious heavens !' I exclaimed, ' ' it is water ! There is a flosd !' I spraug out of bed' ; 'splash I went up to tho knees in water. ' What on earth is that, Micky ?'( cried, rny wifel '' Water, wife ! water it is, up to the ' very bed 'stock. ;Grod help us, but wc .must. lo.sk outipretty quickly.' ' Oh, my child !' screamed out my wife. ^ Where i3 the cradle ? Where is' it?' 'iHere it is,' said I, ' floating out' of the 'door like Noak's ark., or Moses in the bulrushes? For I had opened the door, and there was in reality the wooden cradle, rushing out on the top of tho eddying. stream. My wifo liad sprung out of bed; and. seized the ;cradlo, with which she was hastening out of doors. 'rTuke care, wife,' I cried, ' what you .' are about. Give mo tho cradle, and:. follow . me close round the house corner to .the back,' lor if you go a fow steps only forward iii iho front, you may be carried away by the flood.' ' But- tho other children, Micky ! the other children! They will all .be . drowiied !! ;, ';:I;-ope not,' I said ; ' I'll fetch them, but first let- us see how wo can get out iu the dark, and how far it is to dry land.' My wife . came close behind me. It was pitch dark, was still. raining very hard, and we had to wade some distance before wo wore out. of the water., . ' Hero we are, Molly,' 'said I at length, reaching you huge old tree. ' Here do you stay with the child while I go and letch out tho others.' But my wifolwould ;not stay behind ; she ' thought the cliildreu would some of them . bo.' drowned, so she set down the , child ;in the cradle by the tree root, and taking hold of my coat laps, followed my steps through tho roaring, rushing waters, towards tho hut. Wo found the cliildreu fast asleep — there were three of them— though the beds wero beginning to swim on the water in the room. Incized two, and my wife- the third, and we made, our ;\vay back again to the tree. 'Molly !' I exclaimed, 'listen to those, poor sheep ! I'll lay anything they are surrounded on tho mound by the llood, and it is so pitch dark it is impossible to see them. What in Heaven's name shall I do ? Harken,' I added; ' wo must have a firo. We -must havo some thing to light it with,- and what ? Air is wet hero, and wot in the hut too; AVhat must we do ?'. My. wife, at once thought of au old box on a shjlf containing- sundries of little value. That wo fetched out, and: splitting it up, soon got a good blazing lire. By its light I could see a_sight-w!iich made my heart ache. It was the whole flock crowded together on the mound, arid totally- surrounded by the waters that- were now rushing along all inuddy and dashed with floating heaps of foam, and bear ing along whole loads of dead timber. ' What in Heaven's name can bo done ?' I exclaimed in agony. ' The whole flock will be drowned jf.the-flood rises higher.' ' Molly,' says I, 'T must run for Gfryee,' that was another shep herd living- in another hut a few. hundred yards further down. 'Meantime, get what you cati outiof. the hut, but take care to keep close rouiid the, .house corner, or you may be ?-WbfM:..o^: ;'Away'.I:ra)x for Gryce. Wh^u i reached near to where .his. hut was I cou'd ear wild screams and 'a mingled clamor :of voices, riiu waters were all out 'round the hut, and it was only .by shouting with all my might that l could make tliem hear me, they were making such outcries themselves. 'Gryce!' I shouted, ' Gryce ! hero, mau, here, tho sheep are all drowning ! ? Come make haste ' ' The sheep be hanged 1' replied Gryce ; ' don't you . Uear-.that.. myjamitylsl drow?iingi?f -'iDrowiR ing? Where are they .? Where - is 'the. hut; for I cannot see it ?' ' ' No, nor-any one else ; for thejflood 'has swept it clean away. It is gon to pieces, and is washed down; the stream Come on, and help me to save my family.' 1. pushed boldly on towards where I hoard Gryce!,: voice — the other voiccs' now were silent, -ex- cept some . low cryings and whimperings, for they thought that help was coming. ' Where are you,'Gryco ?' I continued to- call, as I ?waded on till I was up to the middle, and he continued to repeat, ' here ? here ! ' ! Lord above, what a sight it was when I got up to him ! The hut was clcan swept away, .aud everything in it ; aud the wife ana -two children were somewhere. , 'I could not see 'where, but it seemed over my head,' now again crying, 'Oh dear Mr Micky, help us l for mercy's sake save us !' 'Where are you.?'. I cried iu wonder.' Where are you ?' There ! there ! said Gryce, pointing into. ,a great gum' trc. And sure enough, there I saw. several 'figures' in white clinging to a largo; horizontal branch 'In the name of all that's s icred,' I said, ' liow d;d your wife and children get there, Gryce ?' ' Gevfi there !' cried the poor man, half, frantic, ' why they got first on the top of the hut/ but they very soon felt it going over, and ;ou it swam till it dashed against this tree, aud they luckily sevzed . on that great branch; and 'so saved thamtfelves.' . ' Corner down .! ' '..;said'l, ' and we will carry you out to our fire.' -'But how ?' cried' tfoe poor things, ?' how ? it-is tbo far to -jump -fcw'Ji,'-.an.d, Jthpre.is no other wn^, unless we had a 'rope or, a ladde^.' 'Then stay there a , bit,' .1 cried; ' you are safe. ;We will bring you. a rope a$ all ' events. - But- first, Gryce, we must see wiwfc we can do for the sheep, or they, will- all Jbt\,l.ost.' . 'jSheop ! ' cried Gryce. ' What care J for the sheep ;, and you , see where myifamily is ? ?' ' ' Yes but I see that' .they are,- safe, for present; and the: sheep are - riot. Come along'; ? ? . . But it .^Vas no easy matter 'to get Gryco - away, or ,to. pgr suade the inhabitants of the' trei to ' let ^ him go.' ' Take ..us away witli' you !' ' they screamed. ' Take- us along: with you : We won't be' left.' ' With all my heart.!'' I^said, ' if you will only tell me how to' coine.: at ' you.' J ump , down, Mrs Gryce,' and I'll , catch' yoti; ' But Mrs-Gryce only answered Ijy'a'scrcaar of horror,- and said, ' No, not for all the world' ! I should certainly be.- drowned.' As it was in vain to get them away, ' I' persuaded Gn ce. if if; was only for a;momen.t, .^tp^coniel and see if wo, could not save some ot' our 'master's property We waded 'away agatu towards the; light, of our fire.. .We found my wife, and our two lads bravely, fetching pyery thing away they could, out of 'our, hut'., Tho wife brought them out of the hut, and. carried tliem as ; far 'as to. where ?.rtho ;water'; was shallow enough tp allow thq^Tads to' move,' an tj - thus they carried theU things \o.nt.ci - Gf^ce audi waded onward towards— the bleating flock. ;Th'erO',wh,i «f'a?Jh'3fKv? ?fo'l[Dfts^'b'etwsSfa,'Us;ia'ud ;thi mound, . ^ud- thc.jWa^orT-'thero wasr already ;np' to our chests, '' W55.'m'fi8'ii'''mil£b'-' iiasto, . J aimed -?Gryco,' I said;: or, ;wo [shall jjo too. Jato. ?If; we can push a fow sheep across,; the rest may swim aft'er'thfcm;. r ' But, ! in. a fow-' minutes, if the creek* rises' still, '' this jhoilojv.; will be too' deep for,:us .tor;.wade^:aiid; npither^. of us'nn iuckily ard swiuimers.f; Wo.camei upr.nQW with th'o' oi,it6r ranks' of' tlie flock, ?'whicli was closely crouclied' together.' ^^wtthvth'e^yater-.^up' to tlio throats._oLt.hpsq' on \he' dutsiclo;'' AWe seized tho first wo came at, and ' pulli i'n'g~ theiU'into- the stream with their heads1 £6 wards the lan l, after one or two attempts ^o c.ome back again, which we prevented,' tlicy swam right ofl'. So far so'igood :nwTe continued, to push one .alter, another, but few were bold enough ?'(' to follow, of, their owii-'accord ; others came back* spite of'all our efforts, a'rid' 'others' ^r\vcr^ too weak to Batil^' witlf ^Jie 'Carrontr-and wore ! -swept down'' the ktream/making^he' most la mentable^ bleatings. : Iu .fact, the, whole , fluck kept up a most: $igmai .^ud^heart-roiuling clamor of bleating, i was almost Beside my.seif. Such a splendid' llock'tq. -'be' at -the nvery/ brink ol destruction, and which; 'yet ' might most of them be saved if they, w^d ' on ly , tpj lo w o vrer those that wo sent aci,bss.\l;5V'hti4^uWw;..llelt perately tugging at them; and -forcing tjieiu into 'thefstreaiu, thero came- floating a large branch of a tfce7. lull 'pfT.lcayqs,- and~swupt soveral away 'with it.'- At the 'same' time Gryce screamed out, -Hicky 1- Hicky ! ...I , am drowning— help i: shplp.^ j^Thej.greatJbpugh had pushed him back into the l'lbUow; and there he sunk over, iiead; Ho. was now be yond his depth!'0 Iii' tryiug t'o!'lay-irold on him I myself went : down too. : Bud a,t,the same momerit I had 'caught hold'.' oii 'Gry^^ajid' iu stinctively I pushed him as :Iv had [pushed .'the :sheop, landward. I: could see, him floating, ;or rather flou'nderhigVfonV.ard,' arid I'lriade ,a des perate plunge after himi^The watiir, 'was still over my head, and;runuing'; at a: terrific ..rate. . I began to think all was over, but I; deter mined not to, yield ; AvithOut' a struggle ;: as I felt pretty., certain that my face 'was towards the land.1 I still waded onward,: .though fast' choking, and anon, had tho indescriblo plea sure of leoliug firm ground, and yet' with my nostrils above water. At the, same m6:ri-hit I againi caught sight of .Gryce, %'jus't by hie, ;wi th his arms extended out of'tlio wator. i.seized a hand, and.'dragged him' along with ino. l\\-e sently ; we wero. .high enough to paiuo and: get. our breath.' ,' The ^ water was now only up to onr chests. But what a situation ! . What were my ' sensations ! There was that noble flock all 'left to: inevit able destruction. The ' water' was 'still f.ist rising, aud the bleating of the Mieep, 'which Were continually washed down the stream; were to my cars agonising.' .' . ? : With what anxiety did- I watch' the waters, 'whe- ther thoy advanced: or receded? .1 stuck down a stick into . Uie. edge of the flood; it at least,, appeared- stationary. ' There!' T cried ' the. flood is at its. height, and iii this' couii try I have heard that floods fall as rapidly as thoy rise.' My' wife said solemnly, 'Pray Go.l!' Gryce sat aud said npth'mg. I . still \vatc'.ied tho flood with eyes that 'seemed to strain'tMn selves in- their sockets,: and - 1 soon saw that which made mo clap my hands and exclaim ' ' It sinks! it 'falls!' All rushed to the stick to see, and all cried 'joyfully, 'Yes 1 , yes! it is so. Meanwhile, I busied myself with scheming how we might make .a raft to sail to the sufferers in the tree. We could not get boards, but we could' get bark, so wo set to work, tied together four poles with some strips of sacking that we cut up for the purpose, laid other poles - over them, aud' then peeled off some large sheets of stringy, bark and, with each a pole for a' boat-hook, set sail. It was all very well so long as' we could reach the bottom with our poles,' but .when, we came to the hollow- between the alluvial moui\4 aud-, the miufa_hd,.;.'there'we' were out. of reach of the Bottom, '.and. 'our .'ri$ WliiKod about, and darted off at, the mercy. of the stream. 1 1 was ; a moment- of horror. ? ! were in the utmost jeopardy. There appeared nothing for it but our being carried on, dragged by the current into the main ' stream, °and speedily dashed against some tree and , sunk.. 'The Lord havo mercy upon us!' I cried 'No^X iy6f aroT'l^y^to^erishan^ewi^t^iii trying tp: save your--'family, Jairies!'j 'Hp.:sa-. Iiolding his pole like a 'mixn stupefied::; 4 Rous' yourself, inan.iLI cried, ' don't be lost withou1 i struggle. Sec ! there j s the tree on-whic' your family is right 'before' us, some' way dowi the stream ; let us steer the, raft for it-' H rose up, arid after many vain attempts we ma naged to run the raft so that we came slap into the branches at-the end of the huge, hori zontal bough on which sat those miserabh ?vnd starving creatures. . ' Now for it, James! [ cried. ' Seize fast hold and sling yoursel; up. upon the bough, it is your only chance.' .1 lid this at the same moment, arid was just in. time to give James, a hand, for . he was npi |uitc so ogile as I was. :. . . But hour.1 went on before we could venture to try tlu depth of the water. I managed to cut a branch with my knife, and, going downward to the end of the great bough, hung from it, aid poked the stick in the water to seek for bottom. At length I was persuaded that 1 could roach.it if l dropped, off, so t committed myself to Providence, and down I dropped from the endmosb branches.' ' All right !' 1 sung out joyfully. I alighted on terra firma: Tlie water was only up to niy chest. With ^ome difficulty I got James.. Gryce to do thi same, and willvmuch more difficulty persuaded tho wife aud daughters to follow our example . . . To : shorten a long story, James ,&ryce;'s wife and daughters were gradually res tored. The old woman used ever afterward 1 3 complain of aches and rheumatism,, which, jlio, attributed to her exposure for twenty hours on tho: tree:; One of the daughters, ^ too, she: long said, was; going into cousumptioo, from cold- then caught on her lungs, but-thai turned out rather difficult, for the girl is now inarried, is the mother of three children, and; one of the . fattest women in the 'colony. ' But, oh ! what a heart-rending sight !' said Micky Hicky, with a feeliug that half; persuaded me that James Gryce was not far :from the truth in. thinking that he felt more for sheep than for human creatures, though Micky Hicky is by no means indif fcreiit to the welfare of his fellow-man ; ' oh! what a heart- rending sight,' said he, 'it -was to go down the banks of .that' creek when' it had sunk, and see., all those beautiful ewes and wethers lying in tho mud drowned ; and others of them hanging dead eighteen and twenty feet above my head, in the trees, where the flood had left them. Of . the Wo thou sand, there were eighteen hundred drowned. Two hundred only had escaped to land. You may be sure that wo never ventured to live iu that luckless hut again, but built another in the paddock up near the, chief station, where you will see it.' ' But why did you not carry away these ma'tcrials ? That would have beennnuch .easier, tliaii, felling, and split ting ri6'W'J-oneg.''''.ii J'-Well,- ,Is don't .know,'.' re plied Micky 'Hicky j1'- we '^seldom - do that iu thi.^countyjy. If a p10eotfpd§;inpt!^ui:t:u's; iwe j ust ieaTc^fr-and- make-o nb'tlior-^-timber--Ls always at hand here. '''!A,n'd*'bOsl(Ies, uobody lilcers to have anything '.tp do with , what has -been unlucky.. But stiIl,-yoii see, it is often ?inhabited'.1 Bullock drivers--1 and 'occasionally, bushrangers, I guess,' 'take_u'p 'their lodgings here.': .-You may; see- the. heaps , of. ..empty bottles tlicy leave behind ; and I coiis'ttintly oxpect that some day, in— their drunken care lossffosS;' ttffcy ,\t6r; t^t^ plafaej' and that I shall, .somq^fi.ne'l.Ehbtning^fifid^rit' -to 'the! igrouncl.; ;? Meantime, v -sdid^, 'Micky Hicky, with one of his humourous s'milesj , 'it is a ruin, au .antiquity ;ilWb-l»aeo not many yet, and' sgft'j[orv' tljo, sake.'Jof the, .picturesque ,eveu we may^ loye'tlic P§sertM.Sfetioh.f'''i:. 