H'JBART town. Intelligence to the 12tli mst. I he news is entirely confined to the arrival at Ilobart Town of Sir Henry Young, the new governor of Yan Diemen's Land, which is thus described by the correspondent of the Melbourne Argus :—■ At half-past eleven o'clock this morning, the signal flying at -the flagstaff, and the booming of a salute of thirteen guns, announced the arrival of the City of Hobart, conveying our new governor to our shores. Shortly afterwards the steamer was boarded by the Hon. the Colonial Secretary, the Aide-de-Camp, and the Port officer. I know not whether Sir Henry Young had formed to himself any anticipation of there being a certain "process and circumstance" to attend his arrival, or had looked forward with pleasure to meeting an enthusiastic greeting; but if he had, how bitter must have been his disappointment. His arrival failed to arouse our sluggish town (which seems, like the fat boy in Pickwick, to be always sleeping) from its usual listless apathy. There was 110 noise, no bustle, no excitement. Our indolent authorities had made no preparation; our indolent people appeared to feel but little interest or curiosity. The tokens of welcome were indeed few and scanty. At the last moment one or two vessels managed to run up about a dozen solitary-looking flags, Some score of the 90th, and their hand, lined the quay, while a few hundred persons were seen making their way with as leisurely steps as usual through our quiet streets to our scarcely less quiet wharf. Upon Sir llenry Young's touching the shore, a faint attempt was made to raise the ghost of a cheer, but so faint was it that it was greeted with a laugh, and died away at once. Thus amid the silence of all, and the covered heads of many, His Excellency and Lad}- Young hurried with rapid steps to a most unroyal-looking equipage, which was j in readiness to convey them to Government House. Here Sir "William Denison was waiting to receive them, and so ended this reception, where, to use a quaint old ' paradox, there was nothing moving but stagnation." I remember being very much amused at the exag gerated welcome with which the good people of Mel bourne greeted Sir Charles llothasn, a man of whom they knew nothing, save that perhaps about one in j every hundred had a faint glimmering of an idea that j he had conducted some negotiation somewhere about the slave trade, or Otalieite, or the Eegee Islands, or something of the kind. Further than this their know ledge went not. But, notwithstanding, they were de termined to work themselves up into a state of red hot I excitement, and.succeeded. They accordingly made a | public holiday, hung out tlicir flags, planned their de vices, enlisted in the unwieldy procession every body | of men they could get hold of, from the free-and-easy ; of a public house to the dread magnates of the Execu- : tive Council; jumbled together, perhaps not inappro- j priately, the Legislative Council with the United So- j ciety of Odd Fellows ;—the Mayor and the Corpora tion, with Mr Howe, and his Circus; and befooled themselves to their heart's content, Ludicrous, how ever, as these extravagances were on your part, they were intlnitely preferable to the apathy, amounting to disrespect, shown by this day's reception of Sir Henry Young. Our new Governor comes amongst us no un tried mil, From his youth even he has been placed in many difficult official positions, and has acquitted him self creditably in all. Presiding for the last eight years over a neighbouring colony, and called upon to watch over her interests at one of the most critical periods of her history, he has so discharged his duties as to win the esteem of nearly every one of his fellow-colonists ; and to depart amidst almost universal regret. Yet the highest tokens of respect which the administrative ability of our Executive, Legislative, and Municipal bodies combined can devise to offer him, is the firing of a few cannons, and the military salute of a dozen soldiers. The lack of enthusiasm evinced by the people caused me no astonishment, and is capable of an easy explana tion. The mutual feeling of protection, on the one hand, and affectionate reliance on the other, that ought always to exist between the governing and the governed, is to the Tasmanians a thing unknown. They cannot conceive the idea of a governor paying any attention to their hopes or wishes—of his identifying himself with them in any way whatever. To the people of Van Diemen's Land, he is an official who is recompensed with a handsome house and £5000 for doing all in his power to thwart their dearest interests, and for making every effort to perpetuate, in opposition to the indig nant remonstrances of the whole community, a system which has cast so fearful a bane upon the colony. This has been the impression which Sir "William Denison has laboured most successfully to convey to the public mind here, and it will he long, we fear, before that impression will wear off,—long before they wiil cease to regard their governor in any other light than as the head gaoler of Downing street. There have lately come into force two acts, which I trust will do much to forward the cause of temperance in this colony : the new License Act, and the bill pro viding for the severer punishment of drunkards. By the former the license-fee is raised to £50, and the regu lations which provide for the orderly government of public-houses made more stringent; the latter enacts the fine for the first offence of drunkenness shall be £1, for the second £2, and for the third either imprison ment, or imprisonment with hard labour, at the magis trate's discretion. The firs't offender under the new act was a sailor, and great was his astonishment when the sum of twenty shillings was demanded of him as the price of his last night's revelry, instead of the crown which he held, jingling in his pocket, ready for the payment of his fine. The police magistrate noticing his consternation, acquainted him with the provisions of the new act, and advised him to inform his brethren in the Bay upon the subject, that they also might be made aware that drunkenness is now a dearer luxury than it formerly was. January 9th, 1855. His Excellency Sir Henry Young yesterday took his oaths of office, in the drawing-room of Government House. The oaths were administered by the Chief Justice, in the presence of Sir William Denison, the Ex ecutive Council, and several high Government officials. After his Excellency had been duly sworn in, he pro ceeded to administer, in turn, the oaths to the members of the Executive Council. In the morning, Sir "William Denison met the heads of the various departments, and briefly addressed them. lie praised them for their diligence; eulogised the efficient state of the various Government offices ; and thanked them for the able assistance which they had rendered him in the adminis tration of the affairs of the colony. In reply, the Colo nial Secretary declared that he and many present were perfectly ready to defend Sir W. Denison's liberal policy. We have no doubt you are, Mr Chasus ! What an extraordinary phenomenon it is that a fine ap pointment almost invariably produces a certain obli quity in the political vision. Eighteen hundred a year will gild even the most worthless metal ! Upon Friday Sir W. Denison tak> s his departure in the Tasmania, for Sydney ; hut before leaving the colony will hold an undress levee. Lady Denison will also receive the ladies of Hobart Town. The following remarks on the character and history of Sir Henry Yroung appear in the Colonial Times :— There are many and sufficiently obvious reasons why Sir Henry Young should receive a very cordial welcome to this colony. He is by no means a novice in the art of government, but has been trained in the best school —that of experience. Perhaps no one of the Governors of Yan Diemen's Land has entered on his duties with so thorough a preparation, or with so large an ac quaintance with colonial affairs and management. From his childhood he has been more or less connected with them. His younger and all successive years have been passed in various offices connected with colonial admi nistration—not, moreover, in one colony, but in various parts of the world. In the Australias he has served an apprenticeship. He leaves his late Government for this one followed by the best wishes and the warm and grateful feelings of those who have been benefited by his diligent and faithful discharge of duty. Wc are bound to say this : for so far as our own opportunities of investigation have extended—and we have given con siderable attention to the matter—there is but one feeling uttered by the South Australian press—that of cordial respect for his Excellency, and of concurrence in the general conduct of his government. We accept the testimony ; for to do otherwise would be to declare it our opinion that another British colony could have a portion of its population ap indifferent to political truth, or a press as venal and truculent as that which supported the late administration. The colony that Sir II. Young has just left is in a position toj review the work, and notice the good or evil effects of the administration of their late governor, with greater calmness and more delibera tion, perhaps, than we can that of Sir William Denison. South Australia has happily escaped an evil which is In the strife and war of a to unconstitutional usurpa jive been hurried to extremes ; not the less vicious because n, has become a prominent discussions, and has entered sition of our opinions. One t glorifies to an almost incon .t altogether and solely vir tuous, while another will do nothing but detract, sometimes without reasori. It is perhaps fortunate for strangely observable her long protracted resistance] tion men of both parties li and so a sort of bigotry, unconnected with religic ingredient of our political too largely into the compc party has its idol, which ceivable extent, believes Sir Henry Young that convulsed her unhappy s no such severe struggle has occurred in South Australia as that which for so long ster. His private worth and character—great thing ii[i a governor, though not the onlv thing necessary to his success or efficiency—have been associated with political liberality, and an obser vant attention to the interests of the people. This might have been expecte need not, therefore, fear t the spectacle of private w |d from his antecedents. We fiat he will exhibit among us brt-h associated with political nist, more like one of governor ever did. We n sure of liberality to which to the opinions and feel in wickedness. lie comes to this island more of a colo ourselves than any other ay anticipate from liim a mea ]we are unused, and a deference of the governed not always observable in the appointees of Down mr-street. Under his auspices we may expect that the riches of our natural resources, for the development of which much has been done already, will be further elicited, perhaps more rapidly, and more successfully. We cannot hut re member, too, that unci] Australia, saw one of achieved. A reform was realised long after the a] >r his government, South her greatest emancipations effected whose henAts will he ctors in it shall have passed away. The shackles with which religion was once fettered having been broken, she is left at liberty to In this colony where the religion is daily becoming of jmrly approximating to the run her assigned course question of State-aid to more importance, and h only practical issue, Sir II. Young's experience of the beneficial action of the J may he supposed to have I through all her diffieultiej j to his humanity to suppos i will not he able to estima ! ing, he will in all proba kvillinghooil principle in the other colony will be of considerable value. Sir Henry [watched Yan Diemen's Land It would be dishonorable b that lie had not; or that he e more correctly than others have done the attitude assumed by many of Iter colo nists towards the Executive during the war they had to wage so long and unrelentingly. Instead of decry jilitv value varv highly the ] tone and manner ol' resistance then a lopted, for it will not escape his notice that the opposition offered was not factious, but the natural, the constitutional and only course open to men who were aggrieved yet loyal. Our past history cannot put establish his faith in our loyalty, and teach him that in all constitutional and right endeavours, he will meet with the support and encouragement of the wise and influential in the island. Of Sir William Denison we shall take our leave in a day or two. Mu Oliver.- Nothing has yet resulted from the un ceasing search for this unfortunate person. Every effort to recover him or hip remains are still continuing. The mere skeleton of some other person, lost perhaps in a similar expedition, has been found near Kangaroo Bottom, about three miles from that part of the moun tain where the ascent usually commences. The following are the latest market quotations :— Flour, £31 to £36 ; wheat 13s to 13s 6.1; Cape bar-, ley, 7s to 8s; English do, 10s; oats, 7s to 8s; hay loose, £8 to £10; do. pressed, £12 to £13: straw, £13 to £15 ; potatoes, £13 to £15. 