SEDES SAPIENTIÆ, ORA PRO NOBIS. ON THE NASCENT INFIDELITY OF THE DAY. No l. (From the Catholic University Gazette, Decem ber 21, 1854.) Though it cannot be denied that at the present day, in consequence of the close juxtaposition and intercourse of men of all religions, there is a con siderable danger of the subtle, silent, unconscious perversion and corruption of Catholic intellects, who as yet profess, and sincerely profess, their submission to the authority of Revelation, still that danger is far inferior to what it was in one portion of the middle ages. Nay, contrasting the two periods together, we may even say, that in this very point they differ, that, in the mediaeval, since Catholicism was then the sole religion re cognised in Christendom, unbelief necessarily made its advances under the language and guise of faith ; whereas in the present, when universal toleration prevails, and it is open to assail revealed truth, whether Scripture or tradition, the Fathers, or the consent of the faithful, unbelief in conse quence throws off the mask, and takes up a posi tion over against us in citadels of its own, and confronts us in the broad light, and with a direct assault. And I have no hesitation in saying, (apart of course from moral and ecclesiastical considerations, and under correction of the com mands and policy of the Church), that l prefer to live in a time when the fight is in the day, not in the twilight ; and think it a gain to be speared by a foe, rather than to be stabbed by a friend. I do not then repine at all at the open deve lopment of unbelief in Germany, if unbelief is to be, and its growing audacity in England ; not as if I were satisfied with the state of things, considered positively, but because, in the unavoid able alternative of avowed unbelief and secret, I prefer the former to the latter. Thold that unbe lief is in some shape unavoidable in an age of in tellect, and in a world like this, considering that faith requires an act of the will, and presupposes the due exercise of religious advantages. You may persist in calling Europe Catholic, though it is not ; you may enforce an outward acceptance of Catholic dogma, and an outward obedience of Ca tholic precept ; and your enactments may be, so far, not only pious in themselves but even merciful towards the teachers of false doctrine, as well as just towards their victims ; but this is all that you can do; you cannot bespeak conclusions which you are leaving free to the human will ; there will be, in spite of you, unbelief and im morality to the end of the world, and you must be prepared for immorality more odious, and un belief more astute, more subtle, more bitter, and more resentful, in proportion as it is obliged to dissemble. It is one great advantage of an age, in which unbelief speaks out, that faith can speak out too ; that, if falsehood assail truth, truth can assail falsehood. In such an age it is possible to found an University more emphatically Catholic than could be set up in the middle age, .because it can entrench itself carefully, and display its colours unequivocally, by occasion of that very unbelief which so shamefully vaunts itself. And a kin dred advantage to this is the confidence which in such an age we can place in all who are around us, so that we need look for no foes but those who are in the enemy's camp. The mediaeval schools were the arena of as critical a struggle as Christianity ever endured ; and the philosophy which bears their name, car ried its supremacy by means of a succession of victories in the cause of the Church. Scarcely had Universities risen into popularity, when they were found to be infected with the most subtle and fatal forms of unbelief, and the heresies of the East germinated in the West of Europe and in Catholic lecture rooms with a mysterious vi gour upon which history throws no light. The questions agitated were as deep as any in theo logy ; the being and essence of the Almighty were the main subjects of the disputation, and Aristotle was introduced to the ecclesiastical youth as a teacher of Pantheism. Saracenic ex positions of the great philosopher were in vogue ; and, when a fresh treatise was imported from Constantinople, the curious and impatient reader threw himself upon it, regardless of the Church's warnings, and reckless of the effect upon his own mind. The acutest intellects became sceptics and misbelievers; and the head of the Holy Roman Empire, the Caesar Frederick the second, to say nothing of our miserable king John, had the re putation of meditating a profession of Mahomet anism. It is said that in the community at large men had a vague suspicion and mistrust of each other's belief in Revelation. A secret society was discovered in the Universities of Lombardy, Tuscany, and France, organised for the propaga tion of infidel opinions ; it was bound together by oaths, and sent its missionaries among the people in the disguise of pedlars and vagrants. The success of such efforts was attested in the south of France by the extension of the Albigen ses, and the prevalence of the Manichæan doc trine. The University of Paris was obliged to limit the number of its doctors in theology to as few as eight, from misgivings about the orthodoxy of its divines. The narrative of Simon of Tour nay, struck dead for crying out- after lecture, ' Ah ! good Jesus, I could disprove Thee, did I please, as easily as I have proved,' whatever be its authenticity, at least may be taken as a re presentation of the frightful peril to which Christianity was exposed. Amaury of Chartres was the author of a school of pantheism, and has given his name to a sect ; Abelard, whose history I have lately had occasion to dwell upon, Rosce lin, Gilbert,' and David, de Deniant, Tanquelin, and Eon,* and others who might be named, show the extraordinary influence of anti-Catholic doc trines on high and low. ' Ten ecclesiastics and several of the populace of Paris were condemned for maintaining that our Lord's reign was past, that the Holy Ghost was to be incarnate, or for parallel heresies. Frederick the Second established an University at Naples with a view to the propagation of the infidelity which was so dear to him. It gave birth to the great St. Thomas, the champion of revealed truth. So intimate was the intermixture, so close the grapple between faith and unbelief. It was the conspiracy of traitors, it was a civil strife, of which the mediæval seats of learning were the scene. In this day, on the contrary, truth and error lie over against each other with a valley between them, and David goes forward in the sight of all men, and from his own camp to engage with the Philistine. Such is the providential over- ruling of that principle of toleration, which was con ceived in the spirit of unbelief, in order to the destruction of Catholicity. The sway of the Church is contracted ; but she gains in intensity what she loses in extent. She has now a direct command and a reliable influence over her own institutions, which was wanting in the middle ages. A University is her possession in these times, as well as her creation ; nor has she the need, which once was so urgent, to expel heresies from her pale, which have now their own centres of attraction elsewhere, and spontaneously take their departure. Secular advantages no longer present an inducement to hypocrisy, and her members in consequence have the consolation of being able to be sure of each other. How much better is it, for us at least, whatever it may be for themselves to take a case before our eyes, that those persons who have left the Church, to become ministers of the Protestant Establishment, should be in their proper- place, as they are, than that they should have per force continued in her com munion ! I repeat it, I would rather fight with unbelief as we find it in the nineteenth century, than as it existed in the twelfth and thirteenth. I look out then into the enemy's camp, and I try to trace the outlines of the hostile movements and the preparations for assault, which are there in agitation against us. The arming and the maneauvring, the earthworks and the mines, go on incessantly : and one cannot of course tell, without the gift of pvophecy, which of their pro jects will be carried into effect and attain its pur pose, and which will eventually fail or be aban doned. Threatning demonstrations may come to nothing ; and those who are to be our most for midable foes, may elude our observation before their attack. All these uncertainties, we know, are the lot of the soldier in the field : and they are parallel to those which befall the warriors of the Temple. Fully feeling the force of such con siderations, and under their correction, neverthe less I make my anticipations according to the signs of the times ; and this must be my proviso, when I proceed to describe a form of infidelity which I see coming into existence and activity over against us, in the intellectual citadels of England. It must not be supposed that I attribute what I am going to delineate as a definite system of doctrine, to any given individuals : nor is it ne cessary to my purpose to suppose that any one man as yet consciously holds, or sees the drift, of that portion of the theory to which he has given assent.' I a;n to describe a set of opinions, which is the true form and explanation of many floating views, and the converging point of a mul titude of separate and independent minds ; and, as of old Arius or Nestorius not only was spoken of in his own person, but was viewed as the ab stract and typical teacher of the heresy which he introduced, and thus his name denoted a heretic more complete and explicit, though not more for mal, than the heresiarch himself, so here too, m like manner, I shall introduce a doctrine in its fully developed proportions, v/hich at present every one to whom it is imputed will at once begin to disown, and I shall point to teachers whom no one will be able to descry. Still, ifcis not less true that I may be speaking of tendencies and elements which exist ; and he may come in person at last, who comes at first to us merely in his spirit and his power. My introductory re marks have been so much extended, that I shall not be able to do more than to open the subject to-day. , ... ,. The teacher then, whom'I speak of, will dis course thus in his secret heart :— fie will begin, as many so far have clone before him, by laying it down as a pusition which aooroves itself to the reason., immediately that it is fairly examined, — which is of so axiomatical a character as to have a claim to be treated as a first principle, and is firm and steady enough to bear a large super structure upon it, — that religion is not the sub ject-matterof a science. 'You may have opinions in religion, you may have theories, you may have arguments, you may have probabilities ; you may have anything but demonstration, and therefore you cannot have science. In mechanics you ad vance from sure premises to sure conclusions ; in optics you form your undeniable facts into system, arrive at general principles, and then again infallibly apply them : here you have science. On the other hand,, there is no real science of the weather, because you cannot get hold of facts and truths on which it depends ; there is no science of the coming and going of epidemics ; no science of the breaking out and the cessation of wars ; no science of popular likings and dislikings, or of the fashions. It is not that these subject-matters are themselves incapable of science, but that, under existing circumstances, we are incapable of sub jecting them to science, ' And so, in like man ner,' says the philosopher in question, ' without denying that in the matter of religion some things ? are true and somethings false, still we certainly are not in a position to determine the one or the other. And, as it would be absurd to dogmatise about the weather; and say that 1855 will be a wet season or a dry season, or that the Russian war will be at an end, or will not be at an end, in the year I860, so it is absurd for men in our present state, to teach anything positively about me ucA-k wunu, uiiciij mere is u iiticiven, ui -i lieu, or a last judgment, or that the soul is immortal, ov that there is a God. It is not that you have not a right to your own opinion, as you have a right to place implicit trust in your o\vn banker, or in your own physician ; but. undeniably such persuasions are not knowledge, they are not scientific, they cannot become public property, they are consistent with your allowing your friend to entertain the opposite opinion ; and, if you are tempted to be violent in the defence of your own view of the matter, then it is well to reflect whether sensitiveness on the subject of your banker or your doctor, when he is handled scepti cally by another does not argue a secret misgiving about him, in spite of your confident profession, an absence of clear unruffled certainty in his skill and honesty, in your own mind.' Such is our philosopher's primary position. He does not prove it ; he does but distinctly state it; but he thinks it self- evident when it is distinctly stated. And there he leaves it. Taking his proton p-seudos henceforth for granted, he will proceed as follows : — ' Well, then, if religion is just one of those subjects about which we can know nothing, what can be so ab surd as to spend time upon it ? what so absurd as to quarrel with others about it? Let us keep to our own religious opinion, and be content ; yet upon no subject whatever has the intellect of man been fastened so intensely as upon religion. And the misery is, that, if once we allow it to engage our attention, we are in a circle from which we never shall be able to extricate ourselves. ..Our mistake reproduces and corroborates itself. A small insect, a wasp or a fly, is unable to make its way through the pane of glass ; and his very failure is the occasion of greater violence in, his struggle than before. He is as heroically obstinate in his resolution to succeed, as the assailant or defender of some critical battle-field ; he is unflagging and nerce m an ettort wmcii cannot lead to anything beyond itself. When, then, in like manner, you have once resolved that certain religious doctrines shall be infallibly true, and that all men ought to perceive their truth, you have engaged in an undertaking which, though continued on to eternity, will never reach its aim ; and, since you are convinced it ought to do so, the more you have failed hitherto; the more violently and perti naciously will you attempt in time to come. And fnrther still, since you are not the only man in the world who is in this error, but one of ten thousand, all holding the general principle that religion is scientific, and yet all differing as to the truths and facts and conclusions of this science, it follows that the mistry of social disputation and disunion is added to the misery of a hopeless in vestigation, and life is not only wasted in fruitless speculation, but embittered by bigoted sectarian ism. ' Such is the state^n which the world has laid, it will be said, ever since the introduction of Christianity. Christianity has been the bane of true knowledge, for it has turned the intellect away from what it can know, and occupied it in what it cannot. Differences of opinion become vehement and fertile, in proportion to the difficulty of deciding them ; and the unfruitfulness of theology Iris been, in matter of fact, the very reason, for not seeking better food, but for feeding on nothing else. Truth has been sought in the wrong direction, and the attainable has been put aside for the visionary.' Now, it is not my business here to refute these arguments, but merely to state thera. As to their refutation, it is sufficient for me to repeat what I nave already said, that they are founded upon a mere assumption. Supposing, indeed, religious truth cannot be ascertained, then, of course, it is not only idle, but mischievous to attempt to do so; then, of course, argument does but increase tne mistake of attempting it. But it has not yet been shown by our philosophers to be self-evident that religious truth is really incapable of attain ment. However, where men really are persuaded of all this, what will follow ? A feeling, not merely of contempt, but of absolute hatred, towards the Catholic theologian and the dogmatic teacher. The patriot abhors and loathes the partizans who have degraded and injured his country ; and the citizen of the world, the advocate of the human race, feels bitter indignation at those whom he holds to have been its misleaders and tyrants for two thousand years. ' The world has lost two thousand years. It is pretty much where it was in the days of Augustus. This is what has come of priests.' There are those who are actuated by a benevolent liberalism, and condescend to say that Catholics are not worse than other main tainers of dogmatic theology. There are those, again who are good enough to grant that the Catholic Church fostered knowledge and science up Utbe days of Galileo, and that she has only retrograded for the last several centuries. But the new teacher, whom I am contemplating in that nebula out of which he will be concentrated, echoes the words of the early persecutor of Chris tians, that they are the enemies of the human race.' ' But for Athanasius, but for Augustine, but for Thomas, the world would have had its Bacons and its Newtons, its Lavoisiers, its Cuviers, its Watts, its Adam Smiths, centuries upon centuries ago. And now, when at length the true philosophy has struggled into existence oYirl is TYinl.-iVKT ifo wm; nr -in* ic \afir fnr- flio Ufl&t-l; au -t&ilfe;«»4AiK ibU l- IV | ? tVULLU JO LVsl U AVI ULJ V- champion but to make an eager desperate attack upon Christian theology, the scabbard flung away, and no quarter given ; and what will be the issue ? but the triumph of the stronger, — the overthrow of an old error and an odious tyranny, and a reign of the beautiful Truth ?' Thus he thinks, and he sits dreaming over the inspiring thought, and longs for that approaching, that inevitable day There let us leave him for the present, dream ing and longing, in his impotent hatred of a Power which Julian and Frederic, Shaftesbury and Voltaire, and a thousand other great sovereigns and subtle thinkers, have assailed in vain. 