REVIEW. [From tho Athcnaum.} Proverbial Phllo»oi-li.v. Hy Martin F. Tupptr. T?;-.i,i*enih ~R.lilioii. Satcnard, Somo sixteen years ago, wneti jiir. i upper first took it on himself to set up as tho Solomon of the age, we expressed our doubt of his ca TinnUir t^f O,,c4oin Hio mrf, ami dismissed him in a brief paragraph as a writer not claiming any particular notice at our hands. 'Proverbial Philosophy,' wo observed, 'is tho production of a benevolent enthusiast, whose motives are en titled to respect.' Wre expressed a fear that it was a book not likely ' to please beyond the circle of a few minds as eccentric as the authors own.' During the iuterval, however— and con trary to our prediction — Mr. Tupper has flou rished, after his fashion. His Babel Tower has reached its eighteenth story. The time, there fore, is come when we are called on to justify our firat decision, or to recall it. We have consequently re-read the work in its eighteenth edition. . Where we have been in doubt, wo have allowed Mr. Tupper all the benefit of that doubt. We have taken time to consider every point raised in his favour; and the result of consideration and reflection is, that our decision remains precisely as it was originally delivered. Sixteen years' possession has not made that which was borrowed Sir. Tapper's own. Success . has not changed tho tinsel into gold. That which was dreary in the first edition wo still find dreary in the eighteenth edition. 'Pro- verbial Philosophy' is the outgrowth of a mind which, is at once little and odd. Mr. Tupper is one of a class whom we may call the common place eccentrics. They write both in verso and prose, but it is in verse that their peculiarities are most fully exhibited. If they essayed to writb as other people write, they would attract no notice ; by writing- strangely, they obtain attention as a man whose head fc fit for no thing else may still collect a crowd by standing on it. We are not mnch impressed by Mr. Tupper's eighteen editions. 'Jack Sheppanl' has had more. The Laureate has not yet advanced be yond nine editions ; and Mr. Browning, Mr. ''' Fe3tus * Bailey, and other writers ofundoubted, genius, are below the Laureate in popularity, if popularity be measured by sale. It has been so in all times, with rare exceptions. Cleve land's 'Poems' ran through twelve editions while 'Paradise Lost'' was struggling through three or four. The prose- writers who have the largest number of readers are not the men who represent in Europe tho literature of England. Those who are the glory of our age — who keep alive bur great traditions — are beaten in point of ' editions' by scriblers who— had they flou rished in Pope's' time— would certainly not havo escaped the ' Dunciad.' No man of judgment seriously cpsaks of Mr. Tapper except as a curiosity, 'or affects to treat 'Proverbial Philo sophy' as a thing belonging to literature. Here, indeed, is his only value— his sale gives us a kind of guide to the taste of certain classes of readers. There is a dog in the ' Wasps' of Aristophanes whose bark helps scholars to the pronunciation of a dipthong. Mr. Tupper may, in the same way, be of utility as an ex ample of what can be received with relish by sections of the reading English. No one is misled into supposing that eighteen editions ought to settle the question of merit. The ear of DionyBius at Syracuse reverberates so loudly only because it is so long. The circulation of Mr. Catnach's ballads beats that of all the Iyrist3 from Horace down to Keats. We have no knowledge of Mr. Tupper, ex cept what wo have derived from his writings. We know not, as the Latin poet says, whether he is 'a white or a blackmail,' except, indeed, that from Bis portrait we presume that ho is swarthy. We open his 'Proverbial Philosophy' with no more personal prejudice than we should feel in opening a curions pie ; and it will ap pear from the contents that if tho reader do not like the pie it is rather tho fault of the cook than that of the carver. The book is opened. Its subject ia phi losophy — the pbilosphy of many grave ques tions of doctrine and life. Here is a pa3sage from|it3 teaching about 'Yesterday.' — Tea— for standing unatoncd, tho soul is a bison on the . prairie, Hunted by those trooping wolves, tho many sinful yes terdays : And it speedeth a terrified Deucalion, flinging back tho pebble in his flight. The pebble that must add one more to those pursuing ghosts. 0 man, there is a storm behind should drive thy hark to haven ; The foe, the foe is on thy track, patient, certain, and avenging ; Day by day, solemnly, and silently, [followelh the fearful past. That men wasto their lives, and that they pay a penalty fur it, has been cften Enid ; but surely only Mr. Tupper would havo said it again in such a style. Tho soul is a bison, chased by yesterdays, as wolves ; then, it is a Deucalion, running and flinging pabbles, and the pebbles become ghosts, but whether of wolves or of something tlss 13 not clear. Thea it a is bark, with a storm behind it, instead of a troop of . wolvas, and afterwards iind. There is a fresh metamorphosis in ivory line ; but why should Deucalion run ike a bison ? — Here again is ' philosophy' on 1 Memory' — Memory may bo but a rower of coming; to the ti easury of Fact, A. momentary self-desert'oa, an absence in spirit from tho now, An actual coursing hither and thither, by .the mini slipped from its leash,; h. life as in the myttcry of cream.', spent within the limits of a moment. What does the reader learn from this ? Mr; Tupper on ' Mystery' is as wise as might be expected. Ho tells us that we can inow nothing, of subjects which are out of the reach of our capacity— that wo cannot under stand the true relation between matter and mind — that reason and instinct are not easily Jivided, and so forth. 'What then?' ex claims' the impatient reader. ' Nothing,' ndds the imperturbable ' Philosopher.' But, why write a ' poem' to tell us what we knew before ? ' Why ? Am I not Mr. Tupper, the proverbial philosopher?' Is that a reason? Asking ques tions is a game at which more than ono can play. If the reader take to the line inquisitive, it will go well with him if Mr. Tupper do not reply by asking — AVhence are we— whither do we tend— how do we feel, and reason ? How strange a thing is man, a spirit saturating clay 1 Then doth soul make embryos immortal— how .do they rank hereafter — And let the unconscious idiot be quenched n death as nothing? Tn essence immaterial, are these minds, as it were, think ing machines ? ? For, to understand may but rightly bo to use a mo chanism all possess. ? So that in reading or hearing of another, a man Bholl seem unto himself To be recollecting images or arguments, native and con genial to bis mnd : ' And yet, what shall we say— who can areJe the riddle ? The train may Lo clodework, and mind its spring, me chanism quickened by a spirit. We might spend a day or two in asking such questions. How strange a thing is ' Prover bial Philosophy !' Will tha ' unconscious idiot' of the above quotation have the goodness to interpret tho following passage for us ? — For even as a limestone cliff is an aggregate of count less shells, ' One riddle concrete of many, a mystery eempact of,' mys teries, So God, cloudcapped hi immensity, standeth the co hesion of all things, And secrets, sublimely indistinct, permeate that Universe. Himself. VYo regret to say tnat tnere is a great deal for t he ' unconscious idiot' to do in tbis line. Mr. Tuppei's favourite department seems to be tho unintelligible. As wo turn over the pago3, we come to a section on ' Things,' commencing thus : — Abstracted from all substance, and flying with the feathered flock of thoughts, The idea of a thing hath the nature of its Soul, a separate seeming essence : Intimately linked to the idea, suggesting Many qualities, The name of a thin? hath the nature of its Mind, an intellectual recorder : i And the matter of a thing, concrete, is a Body to the perfect creature, Compacted three in one, as all things else within the universe. Nothing caust thou add to thorn, and nothingtake away, for all have these proportions. The thought, the word, the form, combining in the Thing: All separate, yet harmonizing well, and mingled each with other. One whole in several parts, yei each pirt sprea^'ng to a whole : The idea is a whole; and the meaning phrase, the spako idea, a wholo ; And the matter, as ye see it, is a whole : the mystery 0 f true tri-unity. This nebulous nonsense may pass for fine writing with Mr. Tupper'3 admirers, the 'un- conscious idiot' included. Some readers will ask — has it meaning ? We dare say, indeed, that Mr. Tupper will consider such an objec tion as a compliment ; for were be guilty of common sense, ho possibly would Io3e his ' reputation' and his followers. We hi*ve defined Mr. Tupper as a common place eccentric. His poem has two characte ristics— unintelligibilty in the original parts — staleness in the others. Wo noto two elements in the author— a wish to be Sibylline, and a literary faculty on the level of a penny a-liner. This dualism meets us everywhere. Mr. Tupper pronounces on the Trinity, and steals metaphors. He meddles with mysteries, and prop ounds trui3ms. He describes Beauty, and transcribes copy-book maxims. We must have another glance at Mr. Tup per ia hh grand and Sibyllino mood. Was over poet so perched before ? — Then I sat on ray granite throne under ^o b»^nPf'n- And the world lay smiling beneath me, but I was wrapt (And I he-M in glimmering conscious^, that all this was a dream ret life is oft so like a droam, we know nut when w* arc), ind anon, as I sat scorching, the pyramid thuiidered to its root, ind 1 felt the quarried iumh leap from its :san-l found*- ,.», tion-! : Uvhilo it tottered and tilted, as raised by invisible lever* And now my reason spako with mo ; I knew it nil ™ dream : fot I hushed that whisper into silence, for I hoped to ,^. learn of wisdom, 53* ly tracking up my truant thoughts, wlu.'reunto they * ^ s might lead). [? ? _ Mr. Tupper on a grtnitc throno, wrapt in lames, with a pyramid shuddering under him - -(does bo carry his poems in his pocket?)-— iere is a picture! But Mr. Tupper got,-.. ioinehow, out of tho difficulty, and lived to '''*. jxpound the mysteries of Na'turo, in tho Jb£v£ owing fashion, further on: — **} Vnd again, a mysterious Oinnisdu'iice knoweth the'' spirits that are His, , iVhilo the delicate tissues of Event are woven bv the fin. gers of Ubiquity. , J Should Providence betaken by surprise ftom. tho pos sible impinging of on aircident, )ne fortuitous grain might dislocate the banded univeiM ♦ ? . , * ? rea, tho very breath of man's life consisteth of a trinity of vapours, Ind ths noonday light is a compound, tho triune shadow of Jehovah, ' . ' ? ? ? ? klind is tho perpetual motion: for it is a runnimr stream. ' ? ?rom an unfathomable souree, the depth of the Divine '' Intelligence: ? Vndthoughit be stopped in Us flowing-, yet hath it a.. current within, -?'??. Che surface may sleep unruffled, but underneath ai* whirlpools of contention. ' Go to ! » Mr.Tupper— to borrow your fa-^ vourite exclamation — is this wisdom? — is this * philosophy? A wise man is slow to pronounce *~i on these subjects at all : only a conceited nun -* would venture to pronounce on them in such % ,% style. Indeed, we regret to sav that Mr. Tup.' per's presumption— wo say it deliberately— has t allowed him to uso the form of Scriptural ex- * pression a great deal too frequently. Even in an ago of parody, tho Bible might bo expected a to escape the coarse hand of tho literary/arcettr.^ ; No man with a parliolo of reverenco in his soul would like to see the songs and saying*'* of tho King of Israel caricatured in our ' Re jected Addresses '—and on tins point we warn Mr. Tuppor. A conscious wag may bo offensive when touching revered themes; »u, unconscious wag must bo so. A parrot with a nautical education is not tho less disgusting . to polito ears— it is rather more go — because ' it does not understand the force and the offence of what it utters. Tho literature of Proverbs is a curious subject. They are the current coin of po pular wisdom. They represent the mother wit of a country, as tho ballads do its popular sentiment. They smack of the soil, and they give a voice, to the silent, deep, unconscious national character. How admirably has Cer vantes availed himself of tbo provcrba of Spain, and Scott of those of Scotland I From Cervantes and Scott to Mr. M. F, Tupper is ' but a singlo step.' A pleasant, sbrewd homeliness, hearty and fresh, is the characteristic of the genuine proverb, which is a more attractive thing than an epigram, and is tho t roduct of a better state of society.,, Erasmus observes that proverbs are trace J in the best writers. But of all posniblo qualities, affectation and pretension aro those least com-, patible with a happy assumption of tho pro- ' verDiai iorm. a good provoro says wuat everybody is trying to say, precisely as every-' body would liko to say it— Mr. Tuppor says -± what nobody needs to hear, in a manner which . nobody would uso but Mr. Tupper. Our readers havo heard him in his mysterious ? manner : here he is in bis plainness. — To- morrow is that lamp upon the marsh, a traveller ' never reacheth 1 ? To-morrow the rainbow's cup, coveted prize of igno rance; To-morrow the shifting anchorage, dangerous trait of mariners: . ? To-morrow, flic wrecker' tt beacon, wily snaro of thede* . stroyer. ' : . ' Ko more imagination is necessary for such comparisons as these, at our time of day, than for drawing up a bill of lading. Yet, pages upon pages of this book are taken up with ' poetry,' aud '.' philosophy' precisely similar. The ' poetry ' indeed, is below tho phtlo- - sophy' — and contempt could Bay no worse of it. That our readers may judge of the fresh ness of Mr. Tupper's illustrations, wo subjoin a few taken at random. — The alchymist laboureth ia folly, but catchetli chance gleams of wisdom, - ; And lindeth oat many inventions, though hlf crosibls breed not gold, * . ? ? ? And bewaro of scorning truths, that grow on tho roota of an error ; ? For comely aro the apples that spring from ths Dead Sea's cursed shore. But within aro they dust and ashen, and the hand that plucked them shall ruo it. » ? * * Fear a nettle, and touch it tenderly, its poison shall Irani thco to the shoulder : But grasp it with' a bold hand, ia It not n bundlo of myrrh? Though there bo old familiar friends here— friends often found in moro graceful company — we consult our reader's patience by only taking specimens in moderation. Let us pass from old friends to now. or what are called ?am is useful unto man. for it teacheth him to guard bis life. v— ? ? ? ? * ? -* ; - thero is a limit to enjoyment, though the sourcet of wealth be boundless : ind tho choicest pleasure of lifo lio within the ring of moderation. ♦ ? ? ? ?ain addcth zest unto pleasure, and teacheth the laxnrjr of health. f . , * ♦ ? tlowevcr, where tho flattery is grass, falsehood cle»r and fulsome, frush the venomous toad, and spare not for a jewel. i& his head, lell the presumptuous in flattery, tliat or ever ht bespatter thec with praise, It might bo well to stop and nsk how little it wen worth. -.^ In tbis last we recognise a remark of Dr. Johnson's to a bore, which gives to the lines an unwonted point. This book of eighteen alitions is ns full of fag-ends of imagery and hackneyed remarks as ever was ship's hold of ' remainder bisket.' '' . ' Probably, Mr. Tupper's most distinguished talent is a certain judicious knowingness, which enables him to turn his labours to good pecuniary account. So, at least, it would appear from an advertisement at the end of this ' eighteenth edition,' where a French version of it is 'highly recommended for schools in conjunction with the English edition !' Mr. Tupper, in tho frenzies of his : inspiration, has still, it seemsi, an eye to the oven ; and mounts Iho tripod (0 heave in coals at the kitchen-window ! Free use is made of religious names to inspire tho religious wpiid with a notion that Mr. Tupper is a safe ' poet' for schools ! Of course, purchasers are at liberty to think as they please. Our business only is to establish that tho sale of Mr. Tupper's book has given him no claim to a literary position ; and that tho advertise ment of IS eighteen' editions is no aninrer— - and does not stand in bar— to tho decision originally pronounced on ' Proverbial Pbi losophy' by tho Athenaum. PosiiL System 0? Canada. — The following are tho leading features of tho report of the Postmaster- General of Canada for the financial year ending the 31st of March, 1854:— At that date there were in the province 1,1 (16 post- office*, of which 153 had been organized during tb« previous year. On tho 31st of March, 1851, there were only 601 offices ; at the same date of 1852, 840; 185:1,1,013. So that in three years it has been found necesn&ry;, owing to in creased population and settlement of new dis tricts, to nearly double the number of these of fices. On the 31st of March, 1853, the routes of the mails were 9,112 mileu, and during 1853^ 905 miles of new route were added ; making ? total of 10,127 on the 31 at of March, 1854. The number of letters that passed through the post in the financial year were 5,114,200, being an increase of about 700,000 letters over 1863. The gross postal revenue for tho financial jtsr was £100,420; the payments icero £107,977, of which £17,495 was for British packet pottage collected for the Imperial Government in Canada. The revenue was £ ). 5,433 more than for the year ending the 31st of March, 1953. Previous to 1851 the postage rates were charged on the old English system, namely, by distance; bat in that year a uniform rate of 3d. per balf- onnee was established, so that a letter can be sent for that sum from one end of the prorincs to the other (a total distance of about 1,400 mile*). Letters posted within any town district for delivery in the sam-3 town ure charged J-1. each. Pre-payment by sts.mp3 is established; butaa it is optional, and as there in no penalty in tb«; shapo of double-postago on (leiirery, the, sale , of stamps is verv small inda'd. Daring Ihe session of tho Cuiindinn I'arliainent members^ both Houses receive and fiend letters free through Canada, arid to or from nny countries with which 'through' pistage rotes aro establuhed. The sum paid for actual conveyance of msilswsjj £50 123, of which £35,412 was for maiky~by liind', and £14,711 by steam-boaU. During tho present year (1854-5) it is eipected the. postal revenue will exceed the expenses, not withstanding that tho latter havo been' con siderably added to Vy now mail routes, and that about 431 miles of raihvavsi havo been opened since the beginning of 1854.— Eccnomut, December 23. Mrs. Chisholm's proposal for the erection of caravanserais, for the accommodation of tl»r, veller3 to the gold- fields, has been takenjBB) by the Government, and tenders an invtttl for the erection of ten such buildings, QSVtks/ toad to one of the principal gold- fieldsr -:^ 