CHINA; By a report obtained from good authority, it appears that over 70,000 men have been pub licly exeouted in Canton sinoo February 15th, or Chinese new-vcar ; further inquiries on this point are in the course of being made, and the total may turn out to be greater rather than less. The same authority states tho number put to death at Shanking fu at twenty-seven thousand, and about twenty-fire thousand at tho taking of the fort at Blenheim Reach, and the subsequent captures among tho villages thereabouts. In many places houses have b>>en erected where suspected or prosoribed persons may commit suicide, and thus save their posthumous , reputations, and bo buried by their families: and hundreds are said to have gone to these places where their bodies would bo identified, and put an end to them selves by hanging or taking opium. Many women, probably those who have lost all hopes of support or safety, have also destroyed them selves. Such things as these show how sad is tho state of the native society, and how wide spread is the desolation tho insurrection has caused in this province. Its results, so far as one can judge, have been unmitigated evils to the peopio of all parties. On the 9ch 'instant, one of tho leaders, named Kam Sin, was put to death by the lin gering punishment, having been cut up ir.to 108 picees. There are three grades of this mode of execution, the other two. where the criminal is divided into 24 or 36 parts, not being con? sidered so disgraceful. This leader headed the bauds which threatened the north of the oity last autumn and winter. More than 500 of lesser note were executed tho samo day; and on otio day last month, over Y00 were killed.. There has been a festival of seven days lately I held, something like an All Souls festival, for I the repose of the spirits of. the officers and soldiers'killed during the contest, so that thoirj manes may " leap tho shades." Largo contri butions have been given by high authorities, and most of tho religions ceremonies have taken place near the execution ground, where it in doubtless supposed that more ghosts (lit. than elsewhere. One of the most affecting sights connected with this matter, that of 100 or more coolies lounging along the street, waiting for the executions, that they may pounce upon and seize the yet palpitating'bodies, and hurry off with them to pits.- Certainly, a government can that put its subjects to death in this manner, can hardly bo called $ •freak one; any more than the insurrection which, involved such loss, can bo regarded as popular.—Ibid. ,-V fire broke out last Sunday evening in tho r«sr" of the premises of Mr. Casement, Little Collins F.treot) but was got uiif'er without muoh damage. 