EMPEROR FRANOIS JOSEPH. [ [Tho following interesting skotoh of the Empo ror of Austria ie coplod from A rcoont pamphlot entitled " The Men of the War."] Dark and loworlng olouds linne over tho Houso of Hapsburg towards tho dose of 1813. Italy was In open insurrootion ; nil Hungary was in arms for indopondenoo ? tho population of Vienna had jost boen reduced to subjection by tho shot and shell of Wimllsohgrnolz, and tho savago Croats of Jellaohioh : the fidelity nf all tho provinces of tho empire waa moro than doubtful i tho Emporor amt the Imperial and Royal family were skulking in dismay nt Olmutz ; overythlng, indood, soomod to Indioato that mighty Austria, which lind been built up in tho ojurso of conturioi by tho labours of sagacious rulers and stutosmun-by intrlguos, treasons, and orimos of nil kinds-by fortunato marriages and bloody wars-was about to fall to picoas Uko a tompost-tossed wrock on a rocky shoro ; and that tho anolont nnd haughty f imillos in whom ber dostinios «oro concentrated and personified were aa ttie Stuarts nnd tho Bourbons, about to bo stripped ignominiously of all tholr wealth, power, nnd glory, and bo driven forth ns exiles and wanderers on tho earth. At that foarfut moment nn ortorgetlo man nnd an onorgetio woman rosolvud to mn ko tx grand effort to savo tho trembling amt sinking importât houso. Tho woman waa tho Archduchess Sophia, and tho man was tho Princo of Sohwartzonborg ¡and wh it they did wnn to wrest tho socptre from tho feeblo grasp of tho Emporor Ferdinand, who was wonk In mind and discnaod In body-little bettor than a voritablo cretin, in fact; tomnko tho noxt hoir, tho Aron duko Franois Charlo?, tho Emperor's brother, sign lita renunciation of it; and to pince it in tho hands of Francis Joseph, a boy only eighteen, son ot that Arohduko and of tho aaid Sophia. Of this young Prince tho Vionna pcoplo know tittlo, and what thoy did know was not of n naturo to make him bolovod. For they had boon told that ho was haughty and Imperious, nnd acornad tho kindly good feeling and homely simplicity which Austrian nrlncos had always displayed towards their aubjeats, and especially to tho Viennese They know that oxnggaratod notions of his "right divino to govern wrong" had boon oarefully instilled into bia mind by AI. do Bora bolles, a stupid old French emigré, to whom tho aupcrlntondonoo of lila education had boen eon tided, nnd by M Madama Sophy," as thoy oallcd his motlior. who, in tboir opinion is ono of tho most intriguing, crafty, hard- hoartod, and spiteful prlnoossos of nil Oormany, and whom, thorcforo, thoy bittorly bato. Thon thoy woro told that tho young Emperor lind descondod to tho baseno'S of falsehood to seoure tho crown ; for that tho Emporor Ferdinand having hesitated to sign lila abdloation, Schwarzenberg and tho Aroh duohoss, to torrlfy him, Ind to'd him that tho pcoplo weru clamouring for it) whoroupon tho poor Sovereign, believing that tho pcoplo, In spite of his intellectual infirmity, had always levod ulm well, mid that it wno not against him personally that they lind rison in insurrection, but against thoavstom of bad govornincnt which ho had boen unnblo to nitor or control-tho poor Sovoroign, bolluvtng this, turned to his nepi.ow, who wns standing by lils side, nnd naked him in a tono of poignant sorrow, "Is it really true, Franois, that tho pcoplo wish mo to nbdionto ? " To which tho young man boldly replied, " It ls, siro!" though ho know well that not a singlo wish of tho kind had been oxprosaod by nnyono oxoopt by hts mo. thor and Sohwarticnberg. Moroovor, tho monitor In which lia ci ti sed his accession to tho throne to bo luinotincol gnvo dissatisfaction nnd disgust dissatisfaction, becnuso ha tonk tho designation of '* Emperor, by tho grnco nf God," whereas, tn vlrtuo of tho liba, r it Constitution promised to tho Austrinr.s. lt had bron expected that that old formula would haro been laid nsldo, and that tho tho sovereigns would baso their right solely on tho Constitution and tho popular will-disgust, dcop and profound, be. causo ho mido Schwarzenberg, tho moment hts unolo's signature to tho abdlontion waa extortod, burry to the Diet, then aittinsr at Krerosier, anti proeiaim bim in the lerol- blaiphemous, semi grotesque termt ; " In tbe name of (be Father, and of (he Son, and of the Holy Ghost, I bare tin honour to announoa to the Diet that Ferdinand hai ceased to reign, and that Francii Joseph ii Emperor ! " It was, then, under no favourablo auipioes thal tho youthful Sovereign oommoncod his »way, Not did the evonts willoh subsequently occurred lesson tho bad impression against him : au contraire, tu tho first placo, ho, in a solemn proclamation, declared that " ho was convinced of the high va. lue of liberal institutions ;" was " ready oo admit tho representativos of tho nation to a share in hit i rights ;" know that lt was only " on the basis ot truo liberty that anything durable oould be foundod ;" and that "ho solioitod thooo-operation of tho roprosontativos of tho pooplo in making tho laws ; " togothor with many other fina things ol the samo kind. Yet no very long timo elapsed before he abolished the Constitution, blotted out overy vestige of liberty, and ro-estabtished thc most absolute powor. In tho socond plano, ho caused tho most ruthloss severity to be dis- played in quelling tho insurrectionary movement in his Italian provínoos ; and he prosecuted the war against Piedmont with what ho called vigour, but whioh, perhaps, might havo ns fitly hoon designated atroalty. Ia tho war in Hungary, he allowed, if ho dbl not actually order, his generals to net with barbarity not ono whit inferior to that which tho hideous Russians exorcisa in Moldavia nnd Wallachia; and find- ing hlmsolf, in spite of it, unable to subdue thc insurrection, ho descended to tho disgrnoo nnd humiliation of accepting tho nld of nn army ol tho Czar. Thon ho cstnblishod tho stato of aicge in nearly all tho provinces of tho ompiro, and by moans of it oppression was oxcrcisod which made thc pooplo groan. Ho kept up an Immeneo army, nnd for its maintenance burdened tho nation with enormous taxes. Ho not only did not ainond, but positively aggravated, tho scandalous abuses whioh had grown up under the corrupt government of his ancostors for>3nturies. What was worse than «ll, ho on nil occasions displayed n callous- ness to humnn sufferings which would havo boen disgusting to any man, and whioh was absolutely nbominablo In ono so very young. Thus, whon Italy was " pacified," cxooutlons hcoamo tho order of tho day; nnd tho insurgents who by flight esoapad his clutohcs wero deprived ol every farthing of tholr property, and thcroby reduced to beggary in a foreign land ; nay, per- secuted oven thero. In Hungary, scones scarcely less hnrritilo than thoso which frighted Europe in 1087, when, for niuo long mouths, a scaffold was eraotod in tho to-vn of Eperios, and daily -daily !-was occupied in slaying victims ; a m assn oro which, for longth of duration, was un- exampled-scenes scarooly less ntrocious than theo woro witnossed. Not a day passed for weeks together without scores of unfortunate wretches being hanged by tho neck or shot down like do?s, nnd amongst thom were some of tho noblest in tho land ; llatthyany, to wit. Nny, oven women wero soourged, nnd tho little properties of small farmer« and poor pooplo wero wantonly laid wasto. To suoh nn oxtcnt wns tho ferocious persecution carried, that oven the hard heart of Nicholas tho Czar was moved, nnd ho, in tho nnmo of humanity nnd pnlioy, in treated for moroy for tho victims ; but Frnncis Jssoph, either from prido of his power, or ploasuro in the oxorclso of it, returned n stern negativo ; nnd tho bloody work went bravely on. Nor was this all. Most tyrants have tholr molting moods, but Franois Joseph wns nevor known to havo ono. Not a single pardon tor any condemned or oxilod vlotlm could bo evor extorted from him ; nnd when weeping wivos, and mothors, nnd stators havo thrown thcmsolves on tholr kneos before him, in his own palace, In the public streets, whorovcr thoy could gain access to him. and havo implorod, in heart- rending accents, pity for thom and theirs, he has ni ways sternly refused, nnd not unfrcquontly spurned tho suppliants with his foot! Another faot which shows lils character is, that when nil Europo was crying out with indignation against the atrocities of Haynau in Hungary, he could not understand what tho outory mount ; but do olared that all that that bad man had dono was simply just severity, and accordingly extended to him Iiis warmest friendship. Indeed, so stern, persecuting, and pitiless is his heart, that nn emi- nent Austrian statesman has declared that, sup- posing no wondorful change tako placo, which is perhaps hardly to bo expected, history, at tho ond of his career, witl have to brand him with tho epithet of " Cruel," as it has dono to Pddro of Arragon, or " Ferocious," as Ivan of Itussii. But lot us bo just. What we havo said shows but the dark aldo of tho juronlle Casar's oharno . ter ; and that character has its fairer sido like that of other men. And first, there is no donying that, for Iiis yoars, he is possessed of extraordinary energy and decision. This was proved hy tho part, discreditable though it was, which ho played in causing his uncle's abdication ; proved nenin hy tho haughty manner in which, shortly nftor, ho throw off tho leading-strings whioh his mothor, for ambitious purposes of her own, wlshod to keep him, and told her plainly, " Madam ! I am tho Emperor, and the Emporor I will bo!"-provod likewise whon, on hoing asked on tho dotth of Sohwtrtionberg to whom ho would confide tho government, he replied in noarly tho samo torms na were employed by Louis XIV. on a similar occasion, "I will govern myself!"-and lt Is arovod moro strongly still by tho manner in whioh he has orushed tho spirit of revolt in his empire, and moulded overythiag to his will-a difficult task ! In foreign polioy, too, his onorgotio spirit has manifostod itolf, as well as in personal or do- mestic mattors. For example, when his own em Çire was only 'just boglnnlng to recover from ho mighty convulsions whioh threatened it with destruction, ho positively ordored tho King of Prussia not to accent tho crown of tho German empire, offered by tho Parliament of Frankfort, and prepared to support his order, arms in hand ; on a lator occasion, ho bullied tho same King into compliance with his views on tho Zollvoreiu question ; having, as ho thought, cause to com- plain of tho conduct of Lord Palmerston in Italy, he made no hesitation nt flying in thofaco of Eng- land-and being unable to do anything more sorlous, ho tormnntod hy all mannor of moans Englishman travelling in lils dominions, put «lights on our ambassador, rofusod to do tho Qucon tho ho- nour of sending an arohduko to announce his ncoos sion ns ho did to tho Snvorolgns of other groat coun- tries, and rudoly doolinod to allow a deputation from lils army to attend tho funeral of Wellington ; and all this display of undoubted " pluck," as wo oil it in England, ho has just crowned by turning against his quondam saviour and nlly, tho Cz ir, and by preparing to tako nn active part In drub liing him. Doubtless tho violation of his solemn promise to gtvo his pooplo constitutional liberty would havo loosonod tho bonds whioh bind the numerous and divorgont provinces of tho ompiro into ona groat whola, and tint Hint was a result which a parson In hts position oould hardly con- template with patlonoc. Even his stern oruelty may, porliaps, to a certain oxtont, bo aonsldcrad ns not without some exouso, whon lt is oallod to mind that both tho spirit of vongoanoo nnd tho spirit of foar-vongnnnoo on a rovolt that noarly rent tho emplro asundor, foar that tho rovolt might lin ronowod-ooinbinod to mako him think it seoossary. In other rospoots our youthful Majosty is not undosorvlng of admiration, lin o.ii'os little for tho pomp, nnd parado, and gowgaw splendour of tho imperial stato ; is remarkably simple in hts porsanal tastos and dross ; ls sparing of tho ploasiiros of tho tn bio ; contents hlmsolf with a couch as hard ns was that of Wolllngton ; is an oarly riser ; and is passionately fond of hard work. Li ko othor young mon, ho has not boon indifferent to tho ohnrms of female boauty, but has nevor m.vlo dovotion to tho sox nn oxouso for vico. Without hoing a savant, ho is remarkably woll informed, and spoaks sovoral languagos with fluonoy and grace. No roi faineant ls ho, and nil tho moro important business of his government pssses through his hands. Ho pays groat attention to military matters ; indeed, ho ls a thorough soldier, and lovos tho soldier's calling. Ho is never so happy ns when passing rovlows or inspect- ing barracks: and lt ls no unusual thing for him to apponr at tho carly morning paradas when quito unexpected, nnd to robuko, nnd oven place under arrest, officers who may bo guilty or tho slightest neglect. In marner and boarlng lin affects soldierly bluffnoss, nnd smokes cigars all day long Uko n trooper. All this tnnkos him a groat favourlto in hts army. Whcthor, howover, he possossos tho qualltlos ofn goncrnl, ho has tims far had no opportuuity of showing ; but ho pos- sesses tho truo soldier's disregard of porsonal luxury, and tho truo soldlor's bravory. Of his oour.ipe, indeed, ho has given striking proofs. At tho battles nf S tnta Lucia and CiiBtozra ho rushed headlong into dangar: nnd nt tho latter was so rashly bravo thnt old Marshal Rndotzky doomed lt necessary to punish him by plaolng him undor arroit for twotvc houri. On nnothoi' oaoaslnn ho had arranged to go from Venían to Triestu In a small vossol. Just ns ho was about to sot out, a violent tempest arose, nnd ho was oarnostly I n tren tod to wait until it had snbsl.lod ; but ru mombci'lng (lt may bo) that Cosar had bravely dnflud a storm whon going from Apollonia tn Brun luslum. h i put to ion, and, after a frightful vojago, arrived safe, though tho vossol whioh ncoompnnlod him was wrecked. What, howovor, willperbaei ba considered OM of the mott plu* inf Walu in bit character, at lea« by th« fair tat, il that, regardleliof tb« cold etiquette ant i colder reasons of itata willoh generally accom. f nany the marriage! or Sovereign*, he fell beul ; over can in love with a young prinoeii whoa li bo met for the Brit time at a family party ; Hitit ll deolarod to the Arohduohoss hi« mother, "I will il marry her, and nobody elie !" put an end it U once to negotiations willoh ho had oponod for t y§ marriage with anothor prlnoess ; paid bli suit to ff hin fair oharmor. and, being acooptod, wai lo dus 1 timo wedded to her. fi And now to conclude. Carefully weighing th« 1 good and bad points in tho Emperor's character, 1 wo Bhould Bay that, under present ciroumstanoei, ho is admirably qualified for rostoring tho totter, ing ompiro of Austria to her former power and glory ; but that ho will novor ronder his pcopla contonted and happy, nnd will always rulo them with a rod of iron ; that it is by no moans im- possible that ho may gain the admiration ot Europe, but that ho has not tho slightest proi. '< poet of ovor enjoying her esteem ; that, in t | word, ho may turn out to be one of those princes I who aro nat without olaim to bo called groit, or I at loast eminent, but whom it would bo a crtwl i dorislon to designate as good. 