REVIEW. Day's AuToniooitAriiY and Correspondence William Jay of Bath belonged to a race of Dissenting ministers that was perhaps extinguished on his death. They were not of the present class of respectable and educated men, who differ nothing from the clergymen of the Establishment as to worldly substance and little in the amount of acquired learning. The race to which Jay belonged sprang from the people and though fortune or accident assisted many of them, their success in life and in the ministry was the result of their exertions and their abilities," very often only reached by labour and privations which nothing save enthusiastic zeal could have sustained. The age differed from ours in all that may be called religion, as much as in the character of the Methodist ministers. Those who did not " profess religion" were either avowed sceptics, or altogether " dead," or High Churchmen with a heathen morality and a Pharisee feeling, or worse than all, the sporting, tavern-haunting "parson." Those Churchmen whom the example of Whitefield and the Wesleys had stimulated to religious thought became Evangelicals and they offered the "right hand of fellowship to all denominations who, in their own phraseology, held fast by the "Head." Other circumstances thin religious liberality influenced them in this course. Besides the advantage of the alliance against the world, and of united action upon philanthropic objects, the dread of Popery had ever since the Revolution brought the Low Church into friendly relations with the Non- conformists. Then, as in all other times, manners and position had their influence. Trio coarser and more violent preachers among the methodist- might be rather tolerated in their place than admitted to familiarity; but the difference between the Church and Nonconformists was so lightly considered, that in the case of a promising youth, his destination to any particular church was if not absolutely matter of accident yet determined by questions unconnected with sects. Jay himself was an example of this. His father was a village working stonemason to which trade the son was brought up. His parents were respectable people, with competent means for their station in life, and religious according to their age. The chapel of the village was Presbyterian, and the minister personally a '. lovely character, exceedingly tender, kind-hearted, and generous," and who took much notice of little William Jay. His doctrine, however, was Clarke an Arian," and he himself a " very dry and dull preacher." A place, however, had been opened at Tisbury for the " preaching of the Gospel at the expense of a Mr. Turner. Thither William Jay went in search of a more spiritual doctrine, and excited the attention of Mrs. Turner, and subsequently of Cornelius Winter, an eminent man in those days circa 1780- both as a preacher and educator of Dibsen ters for the ministry. He was so struck with the appearance, manner, and answers of young Jay, then in his early teens, that he offered to receive him into his academy for such remuneration as could be raised and the offer was accepted. It was the custom of Winter to send out his most promising pupils to preach as well for practice as to supply the" great dearth of gospel tidings in those days. Jay was by nature adapted for a popular preacher. Hiamind, as Beck- ford years afterwards expressed it, was a "clear transparent spring" whence ideas flowed freely; and though his style wanted platform force and iteration, it was remarkably clear and unaffected, with sufficient matter, though diffused. Such a youth was not allowed to hide his talent under a bushel. His master sent him out to preach at sixteen, and he acquitted himself with so much acceptance that some Episcopalians who contributed to his support proposed that he should go to the University and enter the Church. Winter did not object ; but Sir Richard Hill and John Thornton, Churchmen, opposed it, on the ground that " God has opened the young man's month, and for year". 8 to come we dare not shut it, while there are so many immediate and pressing calls for exertion." Had this scheme been carried out, the regular education and stricter training of a University, by giving William Jay a closer and more polished style, would have given him a more enduring reputation, and he would probably have risen in the Church for his manner, while searching and effective, and varied by anecdote, was equable and pleasant, with occasionally a pithy strength more like the establishment than Dissent. The same rapid success, however, he could not have attained in the Church, nor perhaps so satisfactory a position. In 1788, when not more than of age, he was selected by Rowland Hill to preach at the then celebrated Surrey Chapel, and became a London religious lion. The next year he opened the chapel at Bath, of which he was soon the permanent minister. This congregation he never left till he retired in January 1853, after a connexion of sixty-three years ; though he frequently preached in other places, his services being in great demand, especially where a "collection" followed. As we shall not recur to the mere events of his life, we may here note that he appears to have been born in 1768 : he preached his last sermon in September 1853 ; corrected his last sheet of Female Scripture Biography" on the 23rd December in the same year and died on the 27th so calmly, that the exact time of his departure was not observed. He was twice married ; once in very early life, to the daughter of a clergyman of the Established Church and on the death of this amiable woman, in 1852, he wedded again the following year, when he was approaching eighty. The volume before us consists of an incomplete autobiography, with explanatory passages inserted by the editors. The editors have also brought down the narrative to the death, and added a selection from Mr. Day's letters, with some reminiscences of distinguished contemporaries whom he personally knew. There is a good deal of interest in the book, of a real, solid, and novel character for although Jay's style was always diffuse, and the manner of the " discourse" adhered to him, there is ever sense and matter in his lucubrations. Still the volume hardly equals expectation. The Nestor of Independency was born before Junius began to write ; he must have remembered when the United States were a colony of Britain ; he was a grown man at the taking of the Bastile, and a preaching tion before the Reign of Terror ; he lived through all the republican and impe- rial wars as a public character ; he was contemporary with Whitefield and Wesley ; he knew many of the bewigged divines of the last century, was familiar with Robert Hall and other religious and philanthropic celebrities of a later time, and stand as it were a connecting link between the old Nonconformist of the early Brunswicks and their antipodes of the present day. We therefore expected more and richer pictures of the past as contrasted with the present than we get. Not that these are altogether wanting, but they are fewer than might be looked for, and of a different kind. This disappointment is, perhaps, chargeable upon Jay's incessant occupation in pastoral duties, and upon the discursive or reflective habits of the preacher. Something, too, may be allowed for old age. Though solicited to write his autobiography, he was 74 before he began, and then he did it in compliance with an epistle from his children, to whom he addressed it in the form of letters. His editors appear to think, that though he was as lively as ever in the pulpit, his memory as to dates and circumstances failed him. We rather think he had no turn for time or place. In his second chapter he gives an account of his parents, his pastor, his early village schooling, such as it was, and his own habits, but neither the date of his birth nor the name of his birth-place. It is somewhat similar throughout. Except in the earliest part, the autobiography is less the narrative of a life than a species of commentary on some leading events of the life. Occurrences serve for a text on which the writer expatiates. This is always done sensibly and pleasantly, but often with no reference to biography ; though the remarks have a bearing on his particular practice as well as view of general preaching, or on his own circumstances, extended to general observations on life. The following view of the blessings that may attend poverty, and the contrast between what the peasantry were in his younger days and what they are now, is of this kind. A man is destitute of the necessaries of life must be wretched ; but if he has a sufficiency with regard to food, clothing, and habitation, quite! to his state, he may be called poor, but he is only comparatively so. Crabbe often takes his arm too low his poor are the object poor-the inmates of a parish workhouse, or the contents of the back streets of a borough, and commonly immoral and vicious. But take a peasant or a mechanic in a village, soon r, moral, religious; his wishes bounded by the simplicity of rural life-his sleep sweet-his meals, though plain, sauce. by appetite of his hands sufficient for him-his labour limited and free from distracting caressing little garden yielding him the useful vegetable and the Sunday flower-the Babba his day of pleasing change and rest, and refreshment of spirits-the going to the house of God in company-and the Bible, now more amply read, though not forgotten during the week, take such a one, and his condition as to enjoyment will not shrink from a companion with the state of thousands who never look down upon him but with contempt or pity or indifference. There are those who are not thomas here they speak that they do know, and testify that they have seen." It is said of Burns, by Dugald Stewart. that as they were walking together one morning In the direction of the Braid Hills, where they come married a prospect of the adjacent country, the poet remarked, that the sight or so many smoking cottages gave a pleasure to his mind, which he did not believe any one could understand that did not know as he did how much of real worth and happiness such humble habita- tions might contain. My testimony, perhaps, may be supposed to be too favourable, and to require some deduction, on two co- cents first, that I left village life early, and before I was grown up so as to be fully initiated into Its good or evil. There is come The Autobiography of the Rev. William Jay ; with Romlnis crosses some distinguished Contemporaries, Selections from his Correspondence, to. Edited by George Bedford, D.D., L.L.D., and Joan Angel. James. Published. by Hamilton on Assist, little force In this; though I was old enough to observe, and feel, and judge. Secondly, that In my boyhood village life was superior to what it now Is Talk deserves notice and there have been, I fear, many changes for the worse. I need not describe what it is at present, But when I left the neighbourhood of my native place, abject penury, and extreme destitution, and sordid suffering were rarely ever to be seen. Most even of the cottage had a wine Bty, and baked their own bread ; many of them also brewed their own beer, or made cider, and if not for constant use, had a little beverage for festival a and particular occasions. The of who during mowing and reaping seasons went forth to labour, carried their bottle filled with them, and were generally supplied at meat with cold or warm meat and vegetables Now, bread and water, with few exceptions, is all the provision, all the support, all the comfort thousands or men, whom it. and children have, amidst the burning sunshine and exhausting labour of a summer's day. I was lately walking in time of hnrvcJt with an intelligent and humane farmer, among a number of hard-working peasants, who said to me, " You see these thin meagre figures, with patched and ragged clothing ; they have been toiling hard from early dawn to less scorching noon, and have had, perhaps, little more than a can of water and a crust of bread and will toll on till evening rails them to a kind- tar repast at home, and sleep to their only rest. Oh, Sir," said he, " nothing surprises me so much as the honesty, and quiet suburb melon, and unreslstingness of these sufferers; and we cannot reach and change their state." Although Jay's excellence as a preacher was a natural gift, it was matured and perfected by long labour and study. He attended living preachers, observing their excellences and defects with a critical eye, and applying them to his own case. He carefully studied the sermons of the old English divines, whether of the Establishment or Nonconformists ; he acquired the language of France, purposely to read the great preachers of that nation, as well Romanist na Huguenot. Partly with the same object, though a taste for the beautiful had something to do with it, he read largely the best poets and in the belles lettres generally. The opinion of such a man after on experience of more than fifty years is worth having, and we will take it on a subject of present interest-the best mode c f addressing the poor. 1 early pressed In villager and never discontinued the practice as ping as I was able and had opportunity. I ought, therefore, to know from much experience what is required in such services. I never went to them unprepared. It appeared to me strange that any should suppose that less care and labour are necessary in preparation as those we address are less disciplined and qualified to receive Instruction. I always pecul arty studied for these ores land, only my study was how to be Intellielblo and interesting. The minds of the rustics are not Inaccessible, but you must take the trouble to find the avenues to them. There are modes of making them look eagerly, and hung upon the preacher's Ups; and the preacher who secures their retention, whatever some think, has the honour of resembling Him of v. born it was said " the of menin people heard Him gladly." Persons of education may be approached through mere intellect, but the poor generally are like women, who e heads are In their hearts. They are like poets, who feel before they think. Applica- tion with them is an effect might r than a cause. They attend, not to feel, but must be made to rest in order to attend. Nothing that requires a lengthened connexion of augmentation will succeed with ordinary Vievers. They are not accustomed to unbroken trains of thought or discussion. For the, in the preacher be wise, he will find out acceptable words; the words of the wise are a g. old i and as nails. The mains are not mathematical ; they are not logical. The deep and the subtle in reasoning will commonly cape them. Yet there is often in them largely the principle of common sense; and they are capable of taking in even a profound proof of argument, If it be despatched with brevity and pleasures. It is also very advantageous, if not necessary, in their case, to attach to the proof or argument some fact or Image, not in evidence (for metaphors prove nothing.) but in illustration. Thus a kind of bundle is given to the subject, by which they are enabled to lay hold of and carry away what would clac be too large or unfit for their grasp. And on the subject of the poor it may be worth while to hear what one who knew them well thought about the extremely poor. He has been speaking of the number of truly religious persons he had known in the course of his ministry. A< I have not found many of those among the very rich, so I have found none of them among the abject poor. Wnntcver they were originally, converting grate made them temperate and dill gent, gained for them the countenance and help of their fellow Christians, and secured for them the favour of Providence; so whatnot only i hear "bread was given and their water was sure," but it "blessed their branch and the water and made "the little that a righteous man had better than the riches of many wicked." Lo this ! we have proved then it is" I have been young, and now am old, yet have I never seen the righteous forsaken, nor his feed bogginirbrc.ul." The reminiscences of remarkable characters are in a remote sense autobiographical, as Jay often introduces himself in connection with his subjects. They are all interesting from the number of anecdotes and their characteristic traits. Here are a few of Robert Hall. Mr. Hall Sometimes expressed himself as if he believed his real conversion was. subsequent to his first awful visitation (insanity.) We do not admit this ; but it is well known that he became more and more spiritual and evangelical, and that at first, while he drew the admiration of all, he awakened the fears of some. Nor need we wonder at this, when we take into the account the occasional (though not original) s>pormonc»RandUvltleshe betrayed; his freedoms in conversation, when, for the sake of a contest, in which he was always pretty sure of victory, he defeated things which he did not believe, and that for awhile he avowed mate- realised, and denied to common notion of the Trinity, by contending for a duality of persons in the Divine Exercise. With regard to the latter, the scheme had all the difficulties opposed to attach TrlnitaiiatilMn without some of its Scriptural kupportB Hence, many have questioned whether he was in earnest in his belief i r so strange a define ; but I have heard him avow it with firmness, and I remember spending an evening with him in Rath, in a company that included a rebellion, two Tunit irons, and him self as a Dualist and when the reminiscent, afraid to enter into the metaphysical part of the discussion, ventured to mention the baptismal form of words as a difficulty, and to ask whether it was not very strange that " In the name of the Father and of the Son" should Intend personality, Bn I " in the mine of the Holy Ghost" of by a mere power or influence and also whether it was not strange to baptise any one "in the name of an abstraction he acknow ledged that it presented a difficulty ; but incautiously said, he did " not think it right to hang a Divine Parsonson one text " . * * Mr. Hall, like Dr. Johnson, professed to believe In prefer- natural appearance and certainly, from his manner when speak- ing of such subjects, his evidence seemed to be in carr. The first evening I ever spent with him was at the house of Mr. Way, near the Bristol Bridge. Of course I e was the tion of the company. The party broke up late, and the latter part of the conversation in turne 1 upon apparitions. He defended his belief, not only in the possibility but in the actuality of those appear once, with much ingenuity and ability, and seemed to convince himself, if not others and when « c were to separate' he refused to his home at that midnight he or unless some of us accompanied h m. His arguing and fear certainly seemed more than oddity or affectation. » . . <t . s no win at the Tabernacle the first time I ever preached in Bristol, and when I was Little more than seventeen. When I came down from the pulpit, as I passed him he said, Sir I liked your sorrow much better than your quo allows.' I never knew him severe upon a preacher, however mode rate his abilities, if, free from affectation, he spoke with simplicity, nor tried to rise above his level. But, as to others, nothing could be occasionally more witty and amusing than his remarks. One evening, in a rather crowded places (I was sitting by him), a minister was preaching very finely and flourishing ly to little purpose, from the white horse, and the ' red horse,' and the " black horse,' and the pale horse, in the Revelation. He sat very impatiently, and when the sermon closed, he pushed out towards the door, saying, ' Let me out of this horse-fair.' " I was once in the library at the Academy, conversing with one of the students, who was speaking or his experience and lamented the hardness of his heart. Mr. Hall, as he was near, taking down a book from the shelf, hearing this, turned towards him and said Well, thy head is soft enough; that's a comfort.' I could not laugh at this; it grieved me for the young man was modest, and humble and diffident. . . . . . A mlnlHicr, popular too one day said to me, I wonder you think so highly of Mr. Hall's talents. I was some time ago travelling with him into Wale?, and we had several disputes, and more than once soon silenced him. I concluded how the truth way: and some weeks after, when his name was mentioned, Mr. Hall asked me If I knew him ! ' I lately travelled with him, said he and it was wonderful, was, how such a baggage of Ignorance and confidence could have been squashed into the vehicle. It is pretty and wearied me with his dogmatism and perverseness, till God was good enough, to enable me to go to sleep.' We will close this notice of a man remarkable in many points of view with a cheering picture. especially cheering from a theoretical Calvinua at seventy four and upwards. But, you may ask, should I be willing, such as I have found it, to go over life again Î I have heard many express the sentiment, though not in the poetry of Cowper 1 World. should not bribe me back to tread Again life's dreary waste, To see the future overspread With all the gloomy past. But such language is not for me. I should not shrink from the proposal of repetition. A Goodness and mercy have followed me all the days of my life-.' My duties have not been burdening and irksome. My trials have been few compared with my room forth. My pleasures have been cheap and simple, and therefore very numerous. I have enjoyed without society the seasons and the scenes of nature. I have relished the bounties of Providence, using them with moderation and thankfulness. I have delighted in the means or grace ; unutterable have bean my delight in studying and pursuing the Scripture. How have I visited the words of Young " Retire and read the Bible to be gay." Preaching has been the element of my heart and my head. My labours have met with much acceptance, nor have I laboured in vain. I have seldom been without hearing of some instances of usefulness from the pulpit or the press. God has honoured me to call by my labours not a few in liberals even into the ministry. The seat of my residence was of all others the place of my preference. My condition has been the happy medium or neither poverty nor riches. I had a most convenient habitation, with a large and lovely garden ; a constant source or attraction, exercise, and improvement. I had a sufficient collection of books of all kinds. My wife was a gentlewoman, a saint, and a domestic goods. My children were fair and healthy, and dutiful. My friends were many, and cordial and even y. Where shall I end? Call not each a barren spot, Pass it not unheeded by 'T I» to man a lovely spot, Though a lovelier waits on high - I do not believe that in this earth misery preponderates over good. I have a better opinion of mankind than I had when I began my public life. I cannot, therefore, ask, what is the cause that the former days were better than these, I do not believe in the fact itself. God has not been throwing away duration upon the human race. The state of the world has been improved and is improving. Who justifies slavery now I What noble efforts have been made to break every yoke and to let the oppressed go free I How is the tendency to war on every slight pretence giving way to reference and negotiation 1 How delightful is it to think of what is doing abroad among the heathen, and the exertions that are put forth by all denominations of Christians to make the Saviour's way known upon earth and his saving health among all nations ! Steam Fire-f.xoike.-A committee appointed by the Common Council of this city, has visited Cincinnati, at their own expense, for the purpose of seeing the efficiency of the fire department of that city. In order to show the New Yorkers what the firemen of that city could do, an alarm of fire was given, and in seven minutes thereafter every engine was on the ground ready for work. Among these were the two steam fire-engines, which were throwing streams of water in nine minutes after the torch was applied to kindle the fire under their boilers. Both engines threw eight streams through three-quarter inch nozzles a distance of 120 feet. They were tested in every possible way, and the committee, we understand, are well pleased with what they witnessed, 