MR. G. V. BROOKB.-MACBETH. Mr. BROOKE leaves our city to-day but we ate girl to learn animo reverend after some months. In taking leave of him for the present, we are gratified on being enabled to testify that the high reputation which preceded him has not only been sustained but enhanced" At first a little injudicious heralding before hand, the practice of " puff preliminary," to an unwise extent, operated as a disadvantage to his early performances. In these " untoward proceedings" it but right to state Mr. Brooke not only took no share but he disavowed all knowledge or sanction of them and on the first night of his appearance disclaimed all aid from suchsaurces- boldly and manfully relying on such ability as he might possess to impersonate the high characters of the Tragic Muse for his success, In this Mr. B. judged as rightly as he has succeeded eminently. At each performance he grew in the favour of public opinion and as the period of his departure approached, the full houses and applause that greeted him attested that his success was one of eminent and undoubted triumph. Next to Young, and in a style very different from Young-he was the best Hamlet we have seen. His address to the players, " speak the speech, I pray you, it, was in its tone and manner original, area varying from those of any other performer. It was as beautiful a piece of natural, easy, and effective elocution as we have ever listened to. Then-we shall not readily forget the pleasure-may we add the instruction - we derived from his noble impersonations of Othello - Richard - Pizzaro-Master Walter-and though last, not least. Mr. O'Callaghan-a striking contrast to the angry ment of the drama to which Mr. Brooke has _-___.cI pally devoted himself, but which shows that his talents are very versatile, and that he is a perfect master and delineator of Irish fun. In the present notice we propose to confine our remarks to one of the principal parts played by Mr. Brooke,-Macbeth, because not only is the character itself one of extraordinary merit and interest, but the successful delinea- tions of it is considered as forming the highest standard of acting in the whole range of tragedy. No second-rate actor ever performed Macbeth tolerably. It admits of no tertium quid. in it an actor must succeed eminently or fail altogether. On two evenings in the last week, Shakespeare's truly tragic character of Macbeth was represented by Mr. Brooke. If Othello be, as many consider it, the greatest character in Shakespeare for a tragedian to portray, Macbeth is incontestably the second ; while the drama of which he is the leading personage is the grandest and most terrible that ever was composed, The agency of the witches, the horror of the incidents, the irresolution of the Thane, the obduracy of his wife, his continual plunges into new iniquities, his holding counsel with the bags from hell, the misery of his greatness, the extremity of his despair on perceiving the juggling of the fiends, and the jug. tice of the catastrophe, invest the part of Macbeth with a sublimity which must make its successful test presentation as great a triumph upon the stage as an actor can effect. The whole play, moreover, bin tensely interesting. The strange witches, and their strange, though most consistent discourse, stand in bold opposition to the imposing characters of Macbeth and of his wife, and to the poetic splendour of their diction. The gentle character of King Duncan, 2' clear in his great office," is a fine fall of contrast for the intrepid wickedness of his stony- hearted hostess. The faint-hearted wish of Macbeth to recede from the violence he has suggested to his wife, and his " recoil from the sound himself has made, that he might retain " golden opinions from. all sorts of people," rather than to set his conscience right with his Creator, is splendidly opposed to the immovable determination of his wife not to forego the crown suggested by himself, Again, " though Lady Macbeth pins her husband firmly to the purpose he would not virtuously forego, but miserably abandon ; yet, when the deed has been done, and they have found this golden fruit of crime to be only vexation of spirit, their characters are again strongly contrasted, The once tender mother and honorable lady, who has yielded to the great temptation which her knowledge of her husband as one " that would fully win" enabled her to divine from his letter, mixes no more in crime, bears the extremity of her misery without breathing a murmur or uttering a reproach, and dies broken hearted from remorse. Her husband commitS iniquity on iniquity - betrays the horror of his soul before his assembled court, calls devils to his assistance, and, after endeavouring to skulk from the encounter with Macduff, assumes the hero in his desperation, and dies without penitence or shame. All these circumstances, together with the rapid progress of its action, render the ploy of Mac- beth as interesting in representation as it is sublime i in composition. Every play of Shakespeare infers some great moral, and we see from the career of Mac- beth the sin and the danger of dwelling on a wicked thought, or discussing an evil suggestion. Macbeth was performed by Mr. Brooks in the grandest style of tragedy. It is a part in which he almost excels himself, He nobly depicted the martial bravery of the victorious general, and the courteous subject of his saintly king, in the opening scenes. His amazement on the blasted heath" at the apparition of the witches, to gether' with the facility with which Macbeth yields to the suggestions of their supernatural soliciting, were enacted by Mr. Brooke in a manner that showed he had quite identified himself with the character and the real Macbeth, not the actor, stood before the audience, as at one time he lived, moved, and had his being" amongst us. The first interview with his wife, when he informs her that "Duncan comes here to-night," and goes hence " to-morrow, as he proposes," was played by Mr. Brooke in a manner significant of the villany he had been meditating. The great scene in which he endeavours to recede from his proposal till overawed by his wife's tremendous scorn, and encouraged by her assurance of the easy commission of Duncan's murder, was so played by Mr. Brooke as to denote forcibly " the compunctious visitings of nature" that revealed themselves in his bosom, against "the deep damnation of his taking off." In the great scene in which Macbeth imagines that he sees the dagger in the vacancy, and that it marshals him the way that he was going," and follows its progress to the chamber, till on attempting to clutch it he ascertains " there's no such thing," Mr. Brooke's mellow tones were heard to great advantage in enunciating the surprise and deep emotion with which Macbeth was affected at the apparition of the danger. When Macbeth rushes from the bedchamber, after the deed was done, it was a scene of horrors as it should be, and remorse in voice and manner were powerfully delineated. In the banquet scene, the acting of Mr. Brooke was as splendid an exhibition of theatre art as ever was afforded to the lovers of scenic effect. The horror with which he regarded the ghost when first presented to the vision of Macbeth-the composure (enforced on him by his terror with which he declared he could " look on that which might appal the devil he craven calmness with which, on the ghost's departure, the usurper addresses himself to the charities of hos- pitality his frantic horror at the re appearance of Banquo's spirit, and the miserable ecstacy with which Macbeth gasps out " that he is a man again," as the spectre vanishes from his sight were all delineated by Mr. Brooke with admirable and well-sustained energy and effect. In the fourth act, where he visits the witches at the celebration of their loathsome mysteries, and dares to enquire of them the changes that may threaten him thereafter, Mr. Brookes' fine acting fully conveyed to the audience the hideous solemnity of the scene, and the state of the man's soul, who Ould seek comfort in his wickedness from the enemies of his God. In the tumult and bustle, the hurry and vivacity of the fifth act, wherein the drama hastens to its close, Mr. Brooke ably availed himself of the opportunities presented for the exercise of his special abilities, Macbeth's bold defiance of his enemies while confiding in the assurance of the bags - his rage at the first excitement of distrust on receiving the appalling intelligence that Birnam Wood approached to Dunsinane-his deep dejection on hearing of the decease of his guilty party nerves deep dejection on reflecting that he had lived long enough-his abject prostration when Macduff tears from him his last hope, by telling him of his untimely - birth-the frantic resolution with which he braces himself up to the duel with his enemy-the revival of his heroism in the encounter, and the silent grandeur of Macbeth's death, were all played by Mr. Brooke as can only be rendered and expressed by the performance of a first rate actor. The character of Macbeth was finely conceived and spendidly exhibited by Mr. Brooks, whose performance equalled anything we ever heard or read of. It was a histrionic feat which never can be forgotten by those who witnessed it, and every one should strive to see Mr. Brooke's delineation of Macbeth who is anxious to behold Shakespeare great creation embodied by a first-rate actor. The part of lady Macbeth was acted by Miss Cathcart. Lady Macbeth's fine soliloquy upon her aspirations, and the sensitiveness to men's opinions of the really villainous Macbeth, and bet exulting re a ception of the future monarchy rather than the after-. tionate meeting with her husband, were given by Miss Cathcart with the stern resolution " with which she keeps the traitor to his oath, and the withering contempt with which she snatched the blood-stained dagger from the ap- palled regicide were represented with powerful energy. In this scene the full strength of his powerful physical frame and the voice raised to the highest pitch, yet not overstrained, displayed the accomplishments in these respects with which Mr. Brooke is favoured by nature. The dejection of Lady Macbeth, when she finds that " her desire was got without content," and her majestic self-control when the banquet is broken up by the irrepressible agitation of Macbeth, were severally acted by Miss Cathcart with a propriety and care of manner-which, aided by the crystal-like clear- ness of her enunciation, made her in this and every scene an effective representative of the part. The part of Macduff brings him little upon the stage, but that little was admirably performed by Mr. Younge. His pathetic acting, when informed of the daughter of his wife and children, was marked by fine manliness of grief and the heroism of his demeanour and spirit of his declamation greatly contributed to the splendour of the catastrophe, on which the curtain fell amid the warm plaudits of a crowded theatre and delighted audience. The minor parts of Banquo and Malcolm were ably represented by Mr. Evans and Mr. Heir, who deserve the highest commendation for such zealous exhibition of their talents in comparatively unimportant characters. According to the modern fashion of regarding the Switches as ludicrous and grotesque personages, Messrs. Craven, Stephens, and Lambert admirably represented those abominations. We cannot but think that those ports should be played by trage- dians, and that they should be represented as sub- families rather than us lings. This noble play was in all respects excellently put upon the stage, and its representation did immense credit to all concerned. Mr. Brooke, we thought, played the part with more spirit on the first than the second night. This may have been by reason of the thinness of the house. This is natural for a good house and warm applause are great stimulants to the energies of an actor. In this character, as indeed in all others. Mr. Brooke was attentive to appropriate costume, with the exception of the armour he put on in the last act. In fact, it was not an armour at all, but a richly spangled paletot, the flaps and ends of which fluttered in the wind like a light summer coat, it was so thin that any opponent could pierce it through, and his " quietus make with a bare bodkin." Kean looked every inch a warrior in the massive armour he wore in those stirring fighting scenes of the play. We now take leave of Mr. Brooke, gratified to learn that the sentiments of admiration which his first visit awakened will at no distant date be renewed by a second _ 