CHINA. The correspondent of the Straits' Times, writing from Canton, says :—During the past month the evidences of the peace of the greater part of this province have been so plain, in the revival of trade and receipt of large supplies of detained produce, as well as in the regular arrivals and departures of the passage-boats front Canton, that the insurrection in this quarter may be regarded as entirely suppressed. The ; remaining bands of insurgents are either in the hilly regions towards Hunan, or have fled to the coast, in either place to feel that they are out laws from their native town and hamlets, and can never return openly. It is to be wished, fhr the sake of humanity, that the authorities would now declare a more effectual amnesty for past offences than they have heretofore done ; and that the executions which still take place were put a stop to ; but so far as one can learn the true state of matters from the people, it is in a great measure owing to the lower officers and the gentry that so many criminals are brought into Canton, and not mainly to the highest provincial officials. By a report obtained from good authority, it aopears that over 70,000 men have been publicly executed in Canton since February loth, or Chinese riew-year; further enquiries on this point are in the course of being made, and the total may turn out to be greater rather than less, 'fhe same authority states the number put to d;ath at Shauking-fu at 27,000, and abuut, 25,000 at the taking of the fort at Blenheim Reach and the. subsequent captures among the villages thereabouts. In many places, houses hiive been erected where suspected or proscribed persons may commit, suicide, and thus save their posthumous reputations, and be buried by their families ; and hundreds are said to have gone to these places where the'r bodies would be identified, and put an end to themselves by hang ing or taking opium. Many women, probably those who have lost all hopes of support or safety, have also destroyed themselves. Such things as these show how sad is the state of the native so ciety, and how wide spread is the desolation the insurrection has caused in this province. Its results, as far as one can judge, have been un mitigated evils to the people of all parties. On the 9th instant, one of the leaders, named Kam Sin, was put to death by the lingering pun ishment, having beet! cut tip into 108 pieces There are three grades of this mode of execution, the other two, where the criminal is divided into 24 or 36 parts, net being considered so disgrace ful. This leader beaded the bands which threat ened the north of the city last autumn and winter. More than 500 of lesser note were executed the same day ; and on one day last month, over 700 were killed. There has b-.-en a fe-tival of seven days lately hold, something like an All Souls fes-. tival, for the repose of the spirits of the officers and soldiers killed during the contest, so that their names may " heap the shades." Largo con tributions have been given by high authorities, and most of the religious ceremonies have taken place near the execution ground, where it is, doubtle-s, supposed that more ghosts flit than elsewhere. One of the most affecting sights connected with this matter, that of a hundred or move coolies lounging along tlie street, waiting for the executions, that they may pounce upon and seize the yet palpitating bodies, hurry off with them to pits. Certainly, a Government that can put its subjects to death in this manner, can hardly be called a weak one ; any more than the insurrection which has involved such loss, can be regarded as popular. From (he China Mail, September 13. We find the following paragraph in the shipping list issued from tire llonrjhonj liceordcr office:— "The Sea Witch, last from llio in G'2 days, had her commander (Frazor) killed by the chief mate, who, on arrival at llio, was handed over to the authorities, and, witli two sailors as witnesses, sent back to the United States i'or trial." The patioulurs of the murder, as far at present known, have been supplied to us as follows:— "During the passage, Captain Frazer, and Spencer, his chief officer, were constantly at variance. On the evening of the murder, June 5, the captain and mate had a quarrel at the supper table, when the former challenged the latter to go on deck and fight him, and the most violent threats and abusive epithets were ex changed. About 2 a.m., the 1 glit in the captain's cabin, which had always been kept burning, was ob served to be out. Spencer during his watch went below several times, and at one time was below nearly thirty minutes. At about J a.m., Spencer called the doctor of the slip, stating that the captain had been murdered. The doctor hurried to the cabin, and there found the captain in liis bunk, covered with blood, and with three wounds upon the head, supposed to have been indicted with a martin-spike. The captain was abie to get out of his bunk, and when the carpenter .enquired how he l'elt, lie said "uncomfortable," but the rest of his con versation was quite incoherent He returned to his bunk, and expired six hours afterwards. The ehief mate then wanted to proceed to some small port, but the doctor with the other offi cers would not permit the vessel's course to be altered, ami the ship was steered for llio, where she arrived on the 16th of June. There the American consul and some of the officers of U.S.S. Ilainbridgc held an in quest upon tire body, and decided upon sending Spencer home for trial, together with several of the officers and crew as witness, and accompanied by the corpse pre served in spirits " The evidence against the ehief-offieor is entirely cir cumstantial, no one having seen him commit the mur der ; but a mariin-sptke was found in his cabin, bearing marks of haying been recently used, with marks of white paint upon it which, exactly corresponded with some dents in the wood- work of the bunk in which the captain lay; after coming on deck, he repeatedly washed his hands without apparent reason ; and many other circumstances seemed to point him out as the guilty man ; while, if any doubts existed, they would in a great measure be removed by his conduct when in custody at llio, where he attempted to commit suicide, by stabbing himself with a dirk-knife, but the wound did not prove fatal. Alwkd Fleet.—There is no further intelligence from the Allied fleets in the North, except that Admiral Stirling has detached a force under Commodore Elliot sufficient to cope with the liussian fleet, should he again have the luck to fall in with it{ while the admiral himself, fortunately perhaps, winds up another season in the mazes of Japanese diplomacy. -Overland China Mail, Sept. 15. 