^WESTERN AUSTRALIA. By a preceding arrival we received Perth papers to the 31st August, which were duly noticed. The Sara, elsewhere reported, has brought us intermediate dates, which furnish particulars of the trial, condemnation, and exe cution of the murderers of a wealthy settler named John Hurford, whose death, under cir cumstances of the strongest suspicion, we for merly noticed among the occurrences in the western colony. Hurford had married a widow much younger than himself, with whom he lived so unhappily that at length their differences led to. feelings of dire animosity and almost deadly strife. The unrelenting woman not only contemplated his death, but determined to accomplish it, and preparatory thereto en gaged a ticket-of-leave man, named Philip Dixon, to forge a will. This being done, she bribed another ticket-of-leave man, named Dodd, by the promise of a sum of money, toge ther with a horsa called Turk, usually ridden 'by her husband, to put him to death. Hurford seem9 to have had a great dread of his wife for some time, and fearing to . be left alone in her power, engaged a man named George Jones to sleep in hu bed-room, which he did for some time previous to the night of the murder, when his absence was most artfully contrived by Mrs. Hurford, through the instrumentality of her own son by hjr former husband, who was told to inform Jones that Hurford was so danger ously ill that he could not allow him to sleep with him that night. The report of the trial occupies nearly four columns of the Inquirer and Commercial Netcs,' but the following edito rial notice, in the publication of October 10, gives a very intelligible outline of the case : — 'The first case which obtained a hearing was that of the murder of Mr. John Hurford. During the whole of the trial, which lasted until late on Wednesday, the Court was crowded, and it was with regret that wt per ceived several females, some cf them with infants in thtir arms, among the spectators, some of whom per sisted in remaining, notwithstanding the disgusting nature of a portion of the evidence. The prisoners, W. K. Dodd and Bridget Hurford, were defended bj Mr. Ilowell, who made the most of a very bad case. The evidence, although circumstantial, was remarkably dear, and entirely established the guilt cf the prisoners in the opinion of every one in the Court. - If any doubt existed it was,- however, removed the next ' morning, by the voluntary confession of the female prisoner, who admitted that she had foreknowledge that the murder wonld be committed, and that it had been committed. She also implicated another person, named Osborne, in connection with the murder, and stated that they had been plotting the murder for some time previous to the commission of the crime, and it was the original intention of the con spirators to waylay the old man as he was, crossing the estuary, and drown him. Bat this plan, for reasons not named, was abandoned, and the crime perpetrated in tho manner detailed in the ensuing evidence. The Advocato-Gen«ral, in opening his * address, observed that he was well aware the bare mention of tho word 'duty* was sufficient to command the earnest attention and patience of the Jury, but that he intended to appeal to motives and sentiments mon noble and exalted than mere obedience to the routine of prescribed doty. The learned gentleman stated that the sudden and violent shortening of the few remaining days of an old man was more shocking1 than the sudden and violent end of vigorous manhood or lusty youth, tie then dwelt upon the serious nature of the accusation against the prisoners, especially as affecting the female prisoner, whose sex and whose relation to the murdered man rendered her crime still more, appalling. He cautioned the Jury against the influence of petty suspi cion, local gossip, or vasrue surmise, but with fresh minds to approach theperfonnanre of a high and holy duty. They were to bear in mind that the crime was performed at a distance, and they would have to prove to all classes, that neither distance, nor cunning, nor luck, can screen the murderer. The case, resting upon circumstantial evidence, the verdict of the Jury would be more emphaticillv their own. Men may lie as to facts, feign feelings and imitate opinions, err in their deductions and blunder in their inferences, but cicum stances cannot lie, feign, or be feigned. The Advocate General then proceeded to narrate the details of the case— that the murdered man had amassed property to the amount of £2,000 ; that about tour years since he had married the prisoner, who was much younger than himself; that from the date of their marriage to the day of his death their qaarrcls had been incessant, and that he was so ill treated as to have bren compelled to sleep from home; that he had, to escape persecution, bought a house away irom the residence of bis wife, whither he intended to proceed on the Monday succeeding the murder. On the Friday preceding the morder, Uorford rid:s to the Vasse, and on his return complains of fatigue, of stiffness from riding, but afterwards acknowledges that he is recovering. His wife proceeds to the Vassc, states tnat Hurford Is in a bad state, and asks how the would be situated if he died without a will. On Sunday, the day ofthe murder, she returns home, and finds her husband apparently better. In the afternoon she displays towards hi.a a kindness of manner altogether unusual, prepares for him some strengthening driuk, he looks at her with i fixed and steady gaze, and she— trembles. That even ing she sends to Jones, with whom Hurford slept, to state that he need not come that night, because he was too sore. One of her children is se.it to sleep with one of ths witnesses, Nbrmin— an unusual thing— and, in fact, ?here was a general alteration of sleeping-places. The old man was left alone. Mrs. Hurford and Dodd remained up; they were the last up, and they wore found up by the iirst who rose. On the very first uiglit ho was left alone and unprotected he died ; whether lie was murdered or not, the Jury would be able to discover from the evi dence.' Much of the evidence was circumstantial, but the following is a3 conclusive as it is re markable: — ' Peter Wellington— I am a native of Africa. I have lived some tims at the Vasse ; I knew the deceased John Kurford, and was in his employ; on the Friday before his death he rode to the Vassc, and returned the same day ; I saw him on the Sunday afternoon, the same day he died; I asked him how he felt ; he said ho did not feel much pain, but felt very weak; on the Sunday night I slept in Mr. Hurford's kitchen in the corner ilong with two nitives; Tommy Larkins slept In a shed near the house; Mrs. Hurford used to sleep at the new house before that night; Norman offered to sleep there, and she told him to take Biddy with him ; on the Sunday evening I heard Mrs. Hurford say-to Norman, ' I'll bet vou something that Hurford will be dead before morn ing.' Mrs. Hurford was not then sober, but she knew what she was about; Dodd was also in liquor. After Norman went away with little Biddy to the new house, Mrs. Hurford asked Dodd to go and fetch some water; Dodd went out, and Mrs. Hurford went after him. In about five minutes they came back together; Dodd had abucketr of~water; ~Mrs.~nurford had a lamp in one hand and a decanter ii the other; she pat the lamp down on the table; Dodd put the water down by the kitchen door; I was th^n lung down on my bed with the two natives; Mrs. Hurford took the lamp and held it over me; I pretended to b9 asleep, for I wanted to see what was up, and what manoeuvres were going on ; Mrj. Hurford took a teacup and poured some thing, which looked like spirits, into the cup out of the decanter; she pave the teacup to Dodd, who drank what was in the teacup, and gave the cup back to Mrs. Hur Tord, who said to him, ' Go now.* Dodd went away ? I remained awake. Mrs. Hurford then poured something oat ofthe decanter, and also out of a black bottle into the teacup, and then stirred it with a spoon, and took it out of the room. She came back and held the lamp over me again. She h?d not ths cup when she retumsd. She then sat down in the doorway where the bucket was, and began to make a noise with tho water, as if slapping it with her hand. I sot up and went outside. As soon as I went out, Mrs. Hurfurd went out to, see in what direction I had gone. I returned directl/, and went to ay bed, and lay down again. Mrs. Hurford was then sitting down on a box; she began .-making the. same noise with the water. I heard a iioise as of a door opening, as if the bottom of the door dragged on the floor ; the noise came from Mr. Hurford's room. Shorllv after that I heard a shout as of a man. choking; thai very moment Mrs. Hurford began 'o make a greatei splashing in the water. She was sitting in the doorwnj close to the backet, pouring the water backwards and for Wards. Mrs.Hurfordrnusthave heard theshout. The shout came from Mr. Hurford's room ; I only heard ono shout ; afer that Mrs. Hurford ceased making a noise with the water, and came and held the lamp over me. I pretended Btill to be asleep ; she laid the lamp down on the* table and went out of the house ; she stopped away for t minute or so ; I then heard somebody whispering out side of the house ; I could not hear what they said after that Dodd and Mrs. Hurford came in ; Mrs. Hur ford said, ' Call Tommy up ;' Dodd did so ; Mra. Hurfon] said, ' Tommy, Hm-ford is dead ;' Tommy said, ' Well, we can't help it;' Dodd said, 'Better call up Norman;, Norman came up, and he and I went to see the body ; il was covered with the bedclothes; Norman felt his breath and said, ' I don't think he is deal ;' Dodd said, ' Try him with the glas3;' Norman put the glass to Hurford's mouth, and said, ' He's dead ; 'Dodd said, ' Oh, he is deac safe enough.' I next saw the body on the Tuesday. 1 saw marks on his nek; on the right side were fom marks like finger nail marks; the lower part of th- throat looked swollen, and was of a blackish colour ; or the left side ofthe throat was a red mark; the mark; did not go behind the car; I often saw Mr. Hurford witl his shirt collar open, but I never saw any marks on hi throat till after his death; I think I roust have. sect them if he had any when alive ; Mr. Hurford saic to me on the Sunday thai he would go next day to hii new house ; he seemed to me able to do so ; he seemec in his usual health ; he did not seem uear his death thero were four rooms with the kitchen in Mr. Hurford'i house; they were all on the ground. There were parti tion walls between them, but those walls were not carriet np to the roof, so that any noise iu one room could b- easily heard in ths other rooms ; a person in one roon eould hear a person talking in one of the other rooms rn the Saturday evening, just about dusk, I heard Mrs Hurford tell her eon Neddy to go to Jonea and tell bin not to come np to sleep there that night ; I did no hear Horror J say that he did not wish Jones to slcej there that night.' After the murder Dodd began to drink, wai frequently intoxicated, and upon one occasioi communicated the circumstances of his crim to Dixon, the forger of the wilL 'When th latter told Mrs. Hurford what Dodd had sail about the murder, she did not deny anything but exclaimed 'What a foolish man he is ! ' The Advocate-General, in his reply, quota the following lines from the great dramatist :— ' See, how the blood is settled in his face ! Oft have I seen a timely pirted ghost. Of ashy semblance, meagre, pale, and bloodless. Being all descended to the labouring heart ; Who, in the conflict that it holds with death, Attracts the same for aidanee 'gainst the enemy ; Which with the heart there cook, and ne'er returned To bliuh and beautify the check again. But see, his face is black, and full of blood ; His eye-balls farther out than when he lived, Staring full ghastly like a strangled man. [gling H-.s hair uprcared, his nostrils stretched with strug His hands abroad display'd, as one that grasp'd And tuggM for life, and was by strength subdued. ? Lnox, on the sheets his hair, you see, is sticking ; IBs sell- proportioned beard m3de fbu-h and rugged, Like to the summer's corn by tempest lodg'd. It cannot be, but he was murder'd here ; ' The least of all these signs wereTprobable.' Th.3 main features of human life (said th learned Advocate) are the same now as ther The words of the -witnesses — ' his eyeball were further out than when he lived' — are th words of Shakspeare. Both the prisoners were found guilty, am sentenced to be hung within the walls of th new GaoL The subsequent conduct and eventual cxecu tion of the murderers are sufficiently particula rizei in ths following paragraphs : — 'The condemned convicts Bridget Hurford and Dsd- have, since their coniinemcat, received every atteatioi from the ministers of religion, and have, we are happ; tosUie, expressed dne cootritioa for their offence. Th female prisoner, up to Monday evenln?, appeared scarsel. to realize her awfol position, and still clung to the hop that her life would be spared ; but it having been deter mined, at an Executive Council held on Monday, tha tho priionen ibould be executed that day week, and th woman having been made acquainted with this feet, at I once saw that all hope was gone and swooned away. — Inquirer, Oct. 10. *' TaB Executions.— The condemned criminals under went the last penalty ofthe law on Monday morning at the new gaol, Perth. The woman suffered first, and alone. The two men (Dodd and Williams, another condemned malefactor) were hung together. The woman fully con fessed her crime, corroborating the evidence addneed at the trial. Dodd attempted to implicate Dixou, s'atin-: that he was the actual murderer, while he (Dodd) was merely cognizant of the tact. There can, how ever, be no doubt from the confession of the wo man, as well as by the clearest circumstantial evi dence, that Doad was the r.ctaal murderer, and we fear that his-Wesire to implicate Dixon was not so much to save his own life (for he appeared to consider his case hopeless) as to wreak his vengeance on Dixon. The convict Bridget Hurford was evidently under the impression that her life would be spared to the vtry last moment, although every effort had been used to con vince her to the contrary. She was attended in her last moments by the Rev. M. Griver. The prisoner G. Wil liams, addressed the multitude, and stated that he was innocent of attempting to murder the warder, merely in tending to inflict severe chastisement upon him. There were many spectators present. Among them, as usual, were a not inconsiderable number of women and chil dren. We really do hope that an Act of .Council will be passed authorizing private executions. Publicity does no good whatever ; and if henceforth criminals are to be executed at the new gaol, more publicity will be given to the punishment than ever, as it is within easy distance of every part of the town. It would have been better on the present occasion if the gallows had been erected at the back of the gaol, as ia that case most ofthe houses at Perth would not have commanded a view of the exe cution, nor their inmates shocked by the revolting exhibition. The male prisoners did not appear to suffer; the female made some convulsive movements. The body of Bridget Hurford, after hanging the usual time, was claimed by, and delivered to her relatives, for the pur pose of interment— Inquirer, Oct. 17, Philip Dixon, sentenced to transportation for life for forging the will of John Hurford, has had his sentence remitted, in consideration of his important evidence in the murder case. 'We subjoin a few extracts : — We are happy to learn, notwithstanding the unfavourable report in the letter of our Ade laide correspondent, that there is every pro bability of the continuation ofthe timber trade, and on a larger scale t.Vtnn hitherto, during the latter end of this year and the beginning of next, advices to this effect from reliable sources having been received. Mr. Yelverton has, we are informed, received an order for tbe supply of -timber to the value of £7,000. — Inquirer, October 17. A private letter received from Albany states that gold has been discovered in thatneigh bournood. 'We have not heard the precise locality ^where it has been found, whether the specimens are small or large, or whether there are indications of an abundant supply of the precious mstal. Subscriptions have been raised in Albany for the, purpose of defraying the cost of prospecting for gold in the locality ?where the recantlv discovered srjecimens were obtained. — Iota. . The Hon. the Surveyor General, having.ob tained leave of absence, proceeds to South Aus tralia, in the Vivid in a few days. This is tho first extended leave of absence that Mr. Boe has obtained, or applied for, since his arrival in the colony, a quarter of a century ago. He will be accompanied in his trip by Mrs. and Miss Roe. — Inquirer, October 24. 