LATEST EUROPEAN NEWS. We have to avail ourselves of the continua- son of the intelligence by the Storm Cloud, published in the Launceston Examiner of yesterday. AUSTRIA. Vienna, Sunday. Count Buol transmitted a new circular despatch on Thursday to the German courts, urging them to maintain a cordial and perfect understanding at the Diet between the great and small States. The Emperor will proceed, probably on Tuesday, to inspect the army of Gallicia. General de Hess left yesterday, to prepare everything for the Emperor. The French and English military commissioners remain at Vienna. There seems to be little doubt that a very considerable reduction is to be made in the army. The" number mentioned is 100,000. (From the Morning Chronicle.) The work? of defence which have been of late years executed by the Austrian Government on the eastern frontier of the empire are little known, but they are nevertheless of a nature to be very serviceable in the event of a war with Russia. Gallicia as will be found to be defended in a very different manner to what it was four years ago. The Government has also considerably strengthened the fortifications of Olmutz, a position which would protect Vienna against an army of invasion from Russia. The construction and repair of roads have been also ordered to be executed with the greatest activity. A part of the troops will be employed on them, under the direction of General Hartung. FRONTIERS OF POLAND. (From the Morning Chronicle.) Russia has withdrawn almost all the troops formerly stationed along the frontiers of Prussia, and now on the whole line, extending from Thorn to Posen, scarcely any soldiers are to he seen. The small detachments of military left are quartered at distances of twenty or twenty-five miles from each other, and the frontier line itself is exclusively guarded by the custom-house people. In times of the profoundest peace the frontiers were never so completely denuded of troops. FRANCE. (From the Morning Chronicle's Correspondence) *? Paris, Sunday Evening. The repeated successes of the last week, when each day has brought the news of a victory, or of some serious loss inflicted on the enemy have put us all here in the highest spirits. A private telegraphic despatch from Vienna communicates the pleasing information how obtained the telegraph must answer that Prince Gortschakoff' has made up his mind to give the Allies battle in the open field. I do not like to say with how much contempt this way of reversing the state of things is treated here. Certain it is, however, that the Parisian military authorities look on the Russian prospects as desperate when they are driven even to contemplate such an operation. Our excellent ally, the King of Sardinia, is about to visit both Paris and London, by the advice of his physicians, to distract his attention from his recent heavy domestic afflictions, His Majesty will be attended by his principal minister, M. Cavour. The regency, during his absence, will be confided to His Royal Highness the Prince Eugene of Carignano, AUSTRIA AND PRUSSIA. (From the Morning Chronicle's Correspondence] Berlin, June 8. The most important news I have to communicate is, that the Cabinet of Vienna has resolved on a reduction of the Austrian army as much a proof of financial embarrassment as of an intention to remain inactive. Tilt relations between the Cabinet of Vienna and those of Paris and London nevertheless continue to be good, and the future has yet to decide whether Austria will proceed in an open and active cooperation. It is probable that she william till the armies of the Western Powers are disengaged, and at liberty to act against Ill J J H ' I Rtisaiaun common with the forces of Austria, Notwithstanding her hesitation, she is still far from taking up the line of conduct that Prussia has determined to pursue. The policy of Prussia is very simple. Favourable rather to the cause of Russia than to that of the Western Powers, she does not repudiate the engagements she has taken, but interprets them in the narrowest and straightest sense, so that an active co-operation on her part is out of all presence. In the eyes of the German Governments the policy of Prussia has a kind of brilliancy when shown in contrast with that of Austria. The latter is on the point of losing all the prestige with which her apparently bold, clear, energetic policy had surrounded her. The transition was a little too sudden. Prussia is naturally profiting by the fall of Austria and the Cabinet of Berlin, for the last three months in perfect concord with the party of the Kreutz Zeitung, is now loaded with praises by that of the Court. A Frankfort paper states that the Russian Government is hastily projecting a route, probably by railway, to commence in Southern Russia, and traverse the Isthmus of Perekop, as the operations of the Allied fleet have intercepted all arrivals from the Sea of Azoff. This measure is the more urgent as the roads in the Crimea and Chersonese Government are impracticable during the Autumn, and utterly useless for heavy transport. ITALY. I We (Times have received the following telegraphic despatch' from our Paris correspondent : Paris, June 13. A despatch from Turin, dated this day, the 13th instant, announces that on the evening of the 12th an attempt was made at Rome to assassinate Cardinal Antonelli. The attempt failed, and the assassin was arrested < SPAIN. We (Times have received the following telegraphic despatch from our Paris correspondent : Paris, June 13. A despatch from the Spanish frontier announces that a band of seventy unarmed men was formed on the 11th near Pamplona, and took to the direction of the French frontier to procure arms there. Hotly pursued, the greater number sought refuge in France. A movement in Catalonia is said to be feared. CRONSTADT. Late accounts from the north are dated u June 4 six miles off Cronstadt," where a line of ships two and a-half miles in length, two cables' length apart, has been drawn from the Ingermanland shore on the south to that of Wyberg on the north. Reconnoitring vessels have been within 3000 yards of the forts of Cronstadt, which are bristling with cannon, and have been very materially strengthened since last autumn, and alive with troops. The correspondent of the Daily News, who writes without any reserve, mentions the want of a, sufficiency of gun-boats. This, if true, is much to be regretted, as the delay in sending out those craft, of which so much was expected, may cause the ineffectual waste of another year. We, hoAAreArer, think it wisest not to make further remark on this subject and we therefore transfer to our columns the words of the writer we have referred to, and leave them for the consideration of our readers :-" It is highly animating and exciting to be so near the enemy's guns. Pity it is that we have as yet j only seven gun-boats out here, and but a small prospect of more for some time; no mention even of a floating battery. This is too bad, as Ave are losing much precious time and fine months for operations, and the lapse of a few weeks more may bring on infectious diseases like last summer. I am convinced that if we had the requisite gun-boats avo should still surprise the world in this quarter, and inflict a, severe loss on the enemy." (From the Times Correspondence ) Paris, Sunday, June 10, 6 p.m. On more than one previous occasion I ventured to express the opinion that the best negotiators engaged in the discussion of the Eastern question, and those who have the best chance of arriving at a satisfactory solution, were not at Vienna, but in the Crimea, and that the most effectual missives were not notes, manifestoes, or protocols, but shell and cannon ball. The Gordian knot which our statesmen have been so long spoiling their fingers in trying to undo, remains after all to be severed by the sword. Generals Pellissicr and Raglan have put to shame the peacemakers at home ; the conference before Sebastopol proceeds with most rapid strides, and the events of the last few days near the Quarantine forts, the Mamelon Vert, the Tower of Malakhoff, and the Careening Bay, promote the work of peace more surely and quickly than 4t all the talents " of the tapis vert of Vienna. It is open to doubt whether Lord J. Russell, M. Drouyn de Lhuys, on M. de Buol could have settled the difficult question of the mare clauses in satisfactorily for us, and so completely for all parties, as Sir E. Lyons and Admiral Brunt have done. Water and Puffendorff have, seldom been more clearly commented upon than at Kertch, Yenikale, and Ararat. The conference at Vienna has at last given up the ghost. The rejection of the third point was its death-blow, and since ' then it has dragged out a painful and brief existence, helped along, as it were, on the crutches of ultimatums. Austria acted as the principal medical adviser of the interesting [ ] invalid, and sustained it for some time with slops and pills in the shape of propositions, protocols, notes, counter-notes, and such other medicaments as are: found in the diplomatic pharmacopoeia. When the conference had reached the last stage a desperate attempt was made to prolong its existence by means of a drag of the most potent kind, and on which great hopes were founded, The patients strength was not equal to support the effects of the ultimatissimum. The terrible superlative was admininistered in vain, and the conference of Vienna drew its last breath to the thunder of the cannon of Kertch. The English deputation was presented to-day by Lord Cowley to the Emperor. The Lord Mayor and the other members, dressed in their robes of office,, were received in one of the stately halls of the Tuileries. His Majesty southern fa Engs, thanked them foTthercception they had given him in London, S asked them if they were pleased with their Silence in the French capital. After some further conversation, they took leave of the Emperor, and withdrew 