Z"~ yÖÜNG ^EN'S CHBJSTÎÀN ASSOCIATION. ~í THE following lecture waa delivered before the mem- bers of this Association, on Wednesday evening, by the Rev. John Dougall, minister of St. Andrew's Scots Church, Sydney. OK TIITJB KNOWLEDGE ' Knowledge is the loftiest of earthly attainments. In the capacity of thought and reflection lies the peculiar distinction of our nature. It is the faculty of acquiring knowledge that exalts us sbove the animals that perish-that declarea man, not the limited being of time, but the wondrous creature to whose advancement here we can assign no definite limits ; and to «horn, when the prospect shall hereafter come, unbounded, glorious prospects shall be opened. To the acquirements of the lower animals we do not give the proud name of knowledge. Their range is limited-their ideas few end simple. With thom it is not reason that deduces-that in- vestigates, compares, and then infers. Instinct, , within its bounded sphere, fits them for all that life requires-provides those wondrous adaptations ; and, while with man there is, in ever varying degree, ad f T vancement and numberless distinctions in attainment, with the brute spi cíes of essential acquirements, the knowledge of one is common to all the rest. Man, therefore, has the power of improvement, and, as a responsible being, is bound to exercise the faculty bestowed. It is knowledge that elevates the individual ; that raises hi_ from the level of the animal-from false , views, and debasing pursuits. Without knowledge the judgment and reason are helpless, affection a guide to distraction, the will but .n engine for ruin. Knowledge improves, strengthens, and quickens the faculties by which it is attained ; fits them for fresh endeavours, for higher flights and efforts more adventurous. As God to all the necessary appetites has attached ,_ a certain pleasure in their satisfaction, so here espe- cially ; and more, in this there is no satiety ; for, '" ' while hunger and thirst, once satisfied, are quieted, each new acquirement here makes more ambitious-each ., prospect that is opened kindles the sight the more ; each height attained, each higher atage urges us up- wards. As we advance in this, the soul expands-be aitnes more insatiable. Thus God has stamped ou knowledge, the attribute of infinity. Even the difficulties that lie in the way of pursuit lend more exei ement. The gleam of truth that baffles us oft vanishes and leavea us sadly wandering, and then, when least expected, shines out again, and cheers our hearts, and repays our weary toil-the ob- stacles encountered ; the hills of difficulty we must \- «limb ; the vailles we must descend ; toil that repels ; fears that dissuade ; and dangers that dismay ; all these enhance the pleasure« of success. How delight fhl is the feeling when truth long woed smiles on her votary, and the heart finds utterance in an outburst like that of Archimedes of old, tvpnt-a, ivpqica. >' I have found it ! I have found it !" Knowledge, by furnishing new sources of enjoyment, .nd giving us capacity for new delights, emancipates 1 us from the tyranny of sense-from the debasing plea- sures and low tastes of the flesh. Our leisure hours are not so liable to be seised upon by the evil one, to become the prey of debasing lust, of vicious indul- gence, to be filled up by revel and wild excesses, de- voted to intemperance, with its dismal train ; image of God defaced, a mind with all the outlines of high con- sciousness well nigh obliterated ; heaven-hell-eter- nity-forgot; home desolated-a den infernal, where livery form of misery is lurking. Nor, if desire of knowledge fires our minds, will these -hours become the prey ofthat throng aajdangtr ous for lois of heaven, that harpy train of vain thoughts The mind, like nature throughout, abhors a vacuum ; and, if a moment is unoccupied, if the mind is not en- gaged, absorbed in some good contemplation, the men- tal mob swarms in ; all is confusion, riot, and confliat ; ''"""'tis Chaos brought again. As in the old classic story, where, from the teeth sown in the earth, waniora started up, mingled in conflict, and destroyed each .Other, so here the seething fanciea fight for precedence, obstruct, annihilate each other. But if the mancan , talith the joys of knowledge, and if this Is sound in character, and true in its direction, then he can fill up ' his hours of relaxa'ion, engage the mind, drive out : these vain intruders ; chase them from every chamber of the mind, silence the netty din, and bring back . order and peace again. If he relishes the pleasures , of reading, if his heart can soften, thrill, or swell with the glowing fancy of the poet ; if he can glance with him "from heaven to earth, from earth to heaven;" . if he can feel the power of beauty at his soul, be i trained and moulded by the poet's fair creations ; if he can see in history the outlines of our common humanity, now darkly glowing from the page in fearfully grand distinctness, now shedding beauteous lustre ; if he can analyse, seize the essential, be taught, warned, or encouraged ; if with the traveller he can roam, re- joice in nature's beauties or vast sublimities, see strangely varying customs, tastes unsophisticated, habits refined, truth's highest elevations, and error's lowest depths and darkest nooks, vagaries ludicrous, or horrible excess. If, with the philosopher, he can expatiate through nature's boundless fields, ascend far above the " blue deep of air," and wander in their courses with the stars, or fathom the deepest caverns of the earth, and investigate her secret processes; if knowledge has taught him these delights, has given him these resources, how will it elevate, raise him from sense, free him from grovelling tastes and base indulgence! If, at home, he can enjoy these pleasures—and as by the wave of an enchanter's wand, summon scenes wondrous, changing, and sublime; assemble atoundhim the good, the wise, and great, or transport himself at will, with almost angels' wings, he will not take refuge in dens of vice—resorts of gross indulgence. The man who has these inward stores, this world 'within the mind, respects himself more highly. He understands his proper dignity. Each glance of truth, each lofty thought, each noble prospect that is opened up, is there to reclaim-acts as a monitor ; and as some fond remembrance, some dear face, that rises to the mind's eye, sadly reproving, oft meets us on the brink of ruin, and wiles us back, so, if the sensuous fit comes on, snd the lower life would possess us, and , desire pleads warmly, and passion sweeps us onward, some dream of beauty, some inspiring thought, some bright example timely remembered will urge its appeal, and claim us to itself. * If this be true knowledge it will not puff us up, ,, exalt unduly, deceive and make us over-estimate our > powers. If it be of the right sort, even a little know- ledge is no dangerous thing. All lies in the feeling of the student. If, in the worst sense, he seeks know- ledge but as a means-values it not in itself- but pur- sues it for parade and vain display, then is it, little or such, a dangerous thing. But, if he be the earnest humble worshipper of truth, then will the merest elements, the first advances bring their true fruits, and not elate but make him still more humble." As'the man whoaees the wide world, and is familiar with many phases of social life, has thus his views corrected ; as he who sees beyond his own little circle of notions, observations, experiences, and pre ,. judices, becomes more liberal, so will the true votary of knowledge, by looking ever forward and beyond, learn to be humble, by seeing how vast a disproportion there exists between the little he has gained-between the tracks he has explored, and what yet invites his efforts. ' Knowledge will make man a thinking being ; will give him rich choice of pleasures ; will lead him to consider his relation to the scheme of things around him. Thus, knowledge is power ; for it forms the life, . . discovers methods, reveals the shortest roads. It sim- plifies-concentrates ; it makes the courte still on- wards. By choosing amid different competing claims we \- are not distracted ; we do not dissipate our energies, and change from scheme to scheme. Life is net made upof doublings and windings. There is the true decision, j comparison of objects, choice, methodical pursuit, due ' regulation, concentrating of all upon the object wisely I* chosen ; powers, faculties combined, directed fully on ],' one point-a unity in multiplicity. As knowledge thus elevates the individual ; so, by the masses it pervades, and the extent to which their influence is exercised, the nation is exalted. To the I commonwealth, knowledge is the source of prosperity, and the measure of advancement, and the security of possession. I would not especially regard the leuming that dwells retired in college walls-that trains there, in calm seclusion, the mental power that will regenerate -teaching the methods, forming the taste aright, giving true basis: then sending forth these minds well grounded, to add to this a higher knowledge to ' begin the proper study-man. I do not see this power so much in senate hall, in : legislative assembly, in the genius that shines there, In brilliant thought, or masterly conception, or views sasaoious and profound. Yet, doubtless, this is vast J «ewer ; far it wields aright the mighty force ; directs, \- controls, the engine ; sees the fit time, and place, and " manner; avoids all waste of power ; eeomombes snd \- - concentrates.' ' This is a vast idea of force condensed "¿kv nation's full resources, directed irresistibly with \- enèrfcvi and skill. Sad happy concert: " v N« have wethe higbSitülustratton of this pow« in those triumphs of scienco-rthose wondrous disco- veries that make nature's powers our. vassals, teach us strange secrets, multiply force, and furnish new appliances. It is not that by steam and chemical revelations, and new combinations ia mechanics, our products are in- creased-our wealth made greater-our comforts mul- tiplied. It is not because war's deadly science is now more sure and decisive than the onslaught of savage hordes. We trace the power of knowledge on a nation, when it reaches to the masses ; when its in- fluence pervades ; when it teechu themoral dignity of man ; when it shows him that in mind there are no elua distinctions-no hopeless barriera-no exclusive circle into which he may not enter. He feels a lofty consciousneea of worth ; a value, a true pride, that is a sure defence, sustains, and cheers, and whispers pro- mise. Though raak, fiBhion,",and titled privilège acknow- ledge him not, he moves amid a higher order. He is a freeman of the great republic of thought ; mind it all here. The poet admits him to his world of enchant- ment ; to that noble society of the wise, and good, and great ; all are familiar and kindly emile upon him. Bangs, warriors, sages, visions of rarest beauty, patriots, and virtues; true nobility move all around him. He feels not out of place, abashed, constrained. A free-born spirit, a self-reliance springs up within. He feels his right to judge and give decision. He summons before him the mighty actors of the past history's personages. Monarchs that owned no law, but wild caprice-conquerors that made earth their play-ground, and man their sport, and thought the dream of glory well realized by soenes of beauty marred, homes, desolate, despairing hearts and riven ties. He calls them to the bar : is not abashea bv lofty name, or royal purple, or ensigns of authority.* He views their deeds ; hears their defence ; condemns or justifias the men who exalted virtue by their talents, arrayed her ia bright attractions, or prostituted to the cause of vice heaven's noble gifts. The philosopher with his theory, the schemer with his project, the poet with glowing fancies, are all reviewed by him. Thus he does not become a dejected thing, sunken and spiritless; a helpless Blave, courting indignity, Nor does the heart, cramped and restrained in all its outgoings, with all its glowing sympathies flung back upon it, brood over wrong, smoulder unseen, foster its pent-up wrath till some dire outburst. If he meets not sympathy here, he hu a noble throng who will receive him, open to him their inmost hearts, pour out their sorrows, make him partner of their joys, warn him of their failings, or Inspire con- genial ardour. Thus his moral energies are not restrained; the warm springs of love are not dried up. The canker does not gnaw at the .beut, hlacknew does not steal over it, nor envy wither it, and make it dry M dust. Hate does not rankle, and the aullen moody spirit brood over wrong, and ponder sohemes of vengeance. A nation that hu the multi- tudes so disciplined hu nought to fear : it hu the elements of stability-of ateady progreu-of cautioua well-timed remedy. If wrong exists, if theory or practice is defectiva, if policy is false-though even oppression and suffering are moat urgent--they are not i like animals luhed to fury ; they do not merely feel the stimulus, and break forth in wild excess. They have the philosophic spirit; they bear with patience, i they weigh the evil- they are not goaded on by the unjudging selfishness of suffering, seeing nothing but i the hardship of their lot esteeming wealth, and rank, and all superiority a crime. They do not think the great must still oppress ; the poor be crushed. They are emancipated from those dark beliefs of ignorance and suffering, and, while they meditate redress, seek i remedy, and cling tenaoioualy to purpose. There is an enlightened high-born spirit, that views all circum- stances, and makes allowance that palliates, and does not darken wrong, or give the reins to vengeance, but calms the angry spirit, and i checks the selfish pleadings of the excited mind, and makes reform no direful Nemesia-no torch of ruin- i no meteor track of vengeance, but a gentle power of i Heaven. . Thus, in countries sunk in ignorance, when the day 1 of reckoning comes, and recou is dreadful, and pent i up fires blsze forth-when the slave becomes the 1 tyran' ; and the sunken downcut wretch, who had i lost all sense of right, of manly pride, and natural 1 birthright, becomes the fiend let loose, reform is but I the hurricane that sweeps along, obliterates the hues i of beauty and of order, mingles ia one fell ruin de- i fecta that marred, and beauties that redeemed. And i when the sun shines out, and winds are stilled, and air is < cleared, shows hopeleu desolation-outlines of beauty i defaced, and life extinot. But where knowledge per- i vades the masses, how different is the eau. It is not | brutish insensibility that with ao highborn notion < bears on till human endurance can stand no more. ' Wrong, degradation are sooner perceived and felt ; < remonstrance is sooner made-wrong does not accu- i muíate-the oppressors do not acquire the confident I regardless insolence of injustice long unavenged. I They do not from receiving no hint significant-no i intimation that compression further carried ] will produce a wild rebound, go on to frantio exceu- j make the cup, already full, to overflow. The injured < do not accumulate those long arrears, that, when i the floodgates are set open, pour such a tide of ven- geance. Evil is clearly, sooner aten-more speedily i resisted-calmly and rationally, but firmly met i wrong is not allowed so to gain strength that it re- quires such a giant effort to put it down and make it i helpless. Such a mortal struggle, u rousing all the powers and evil passion, makes it hard to allay the i fury that hu been roused, or stop contention, till re- i sentment overshoots itself, and the foe we sought to find lies stiff and lifeless. Reform is steady; gradual 1 -the eye is vigilant,-abuse is marked, denounced, and boldly met, ere ii hu time to strengthen. The' i attitude is calm, but manly and majestic,-the people's i voice-that voice of God-sounds deeply, unaistake- . ably, emphatic The people learn that moral force, with its silent, stately progress, ne'er losing ground, forgetting nor relaxing, is far more powerful than the fitful fury that expends itself in frantio ebullitions- in throes convulsive, that leave the frame exhausted, with no success achieved, nor worthy training, nor consciousness of power, nor self-reliance, that tells the next attempt will win. ' Thus, while in states more ignorant, revolu- tion is a wild convulsion that darkens light and throws down landmarks, and buries all in 'com- mon ruin ; where beauty, strength, and order rise not from the uhes of contention ; but the onlooker is be- wildered, and made sorrowful, who sees r no guiding outlines, no sparks of life, no tracas of promise from which the new birth may arise. In those stat« which light pervades, and knowledge elevates, reform is permanent; progreu is onward. Evil hu been patiently bome, clearly perceived, seen to be real, ne temporary annoyance, nothing whioh Providence mav deem essential even for good, a necessary adjunct of aound advantage; necessity is tested-there is no ruhness or impatience. The good desired U slowly proved and cautiously brought on ; and then adopted tully when found to fit. .,-... . Things are not sought to be righted at once, by sudden impulse, when prejudice is strong, and mista are on the eye, and the frame ia fevered, and the mind excited, and the hands are tremulous. There is for- bearance, and gradual adaptation ; discovery, and cor- rection and improvement. And thus by sure advances the fabric is extended, faults disappear, and beauties rise; and imperceptibly the pile expands, with beauty, strength, and symmetry complete. The work weighed well, maturely undertaken, and steadfastly accomplished, is jealously pre- served. No sudden impulse, no heat, no fitful effort, gave it being. And the same sober sense, clear sight, and full conviction, the same calm energy and steady power that willed and executed, will guard and well maintain. Thus we see that mere earthly knowledge will make a higher man and nobler state-will raise the one in the scale of being, and advance, adorn, and securely establish the other. We have no doubt had instances of states that we may deem enlightened, that have made most lamentable exhibition. We can noint to learned Athens, and uk, What did a levered, restleu seal in pursuit of truth do there, to guide, choose proper good, and fix securely? Or we may turn to republican France, and say. What did a proud philosophy, an immense sctivity of mind, that stirred the lifeless calm, and in cueles ever widening gave influence to politics, to social econo- mics, to every sphere of Uterature-to treatise, poem, sermon-what did this do for social order, true liberty, M_u\U_?/roPri°sg,gôôd cause for this. »If knowledge comes not gradual, reveals not evil by steady, slow degrees; if it does not prudently present alluring Rood, and train cautiously, wisely, to throw off the one or seek the other ; if it prompts a violent wreneh or L blinded rush ; if it comes by sudden fits,. u a glorious , burst of sunshine to eyes ¿no weak to bear it ; i or gives, as it were to infancy the .oonfidence of years I mature, then there is danger. * Aa the orator can carry his audUnce through the [ whole scale of emotion ; can make them pronounce for I things the most opposed ; make them cr rout for doom \- and pitiless vengeSnce, andthen aw-cesofteompsasion i and tender awathy.-so does m "^ *?*><" may ao speak of knowledge, a sodden küidling, a vivid r revelation, a presentation of evil oxwof food, sudden and impulsive, hurrying1 on the mind, taking by sur prise, like the eloquence of the orator, drive from all aober judgment. The evil is seen with prejudice wrong makes the view more gloomy, suffering is un- reasoning, and then whatever promises good, though never calmly weighed, ia, thought a precious object. It is felt that change can he no worse, but chances are all for gain. Thus the fault is not in knowledge-but here the evil lies : there is too little scope of view only the present enormity, the urgent misery is seen ; the view extends not to all the difficulties; and, while conviction is established that change ia loudly called for, there is no clear view oi the way to remedy. Besides, in those cases where knowledge has secured no guarantee of progress, of true advance, or real se- curity, the blessing was not extended. There were some few earnest thinkers ; and some whom pride and curiosity, or the searoh of high position, to which learning and eloquence were the only avenue, made danglers, or eager votaries in courting knowledge. But the masses were not en- lightened; and knowledge was made the instrument of seising, by every wile and artifice, the ignorant mind ; of kindling blind enthusiasm ; or urging on to folly, rashness, deed of blackeat infamy. Mere human knowledge, mere earthly reason, haye yet had no true scope, snd no fair trial. But yet we fearlessly say, that this alone is no true knowledge. ' ris not the best and highest : 'tis not complete : em- braces not all relations : provides not for every chance : caste not the view o'er all. It takes not man as it finds him, for time, and for eternity. It cannot do even the bett for earth, and has no reserve in prospect for the future. We went, then, still true knowledge. That alone is true know- ledge which shows to man his mighty destinies-his great necessities-his wants-and highest interests, which declares a soul eternal, and future sphere in which it shall exist in blis, or woe,-which makes life here a preparation ; and man a sober, serious thinker; and shed o'er scenes of earth, brilliant alike and sad- dening, the future's reflex light. This is true know- ledge, eternal, and invariable; all comprehensive embracing grandest objects-ensuring tut and pre- cious results. Alss ! my friends, in this great age of progress this vaunted nineteenth century-I fear it must be said that in our wise conceits, we are becoming fools. Tis now the tendency to look to earth alone; to shut out heaven ; to drown its voice, diminish its authority ; to look to human reason and think it sovereign here; not to be interfered with, or even helped, or csutioned. To think that grace divine must not alone look up to heaven for its rewards, but for its sphere of exercise : thst it hu not just right to view, to judge, pronounce, snd interpose decisively on earth. Why this is wone then the early heathen ; or the blinded slave of super- stition and paganism's blackest rights, even now. We regard religion, and the vast ideas with which it is connected, as a little sett ; an element thrown in ; a slight complexion given to the life ; not as the main design, the chief and greatest end. We seem to think too much would spoil the mixture, and thus, not only confine it to prayers, snd holy reading, and moments set apart ; bnt prune and keep it down, give it scarce name or local habitation; even thrust it from the sabbath. We do not seem to know that, as the kingdom of grace in the heart brings all into subjection ; till sentes, faculties, and members «bey God's slightest wish, and do his work as paramount ; so, in the world at large, Christ is, by grace diffused, and human agencies, giving up continually the king- dom to God the Father ; that that is His great aim : and that aceomolishment will be when God receives of time, and wealth, and effort, and human emotion, not only a scanty fraction, a hard-grudged off falling -the very crumbs from the table- but the whole as Hit true right. This is what earth mott come to, and what Christians should forward. But if we weaken fervour, and lessen the influence of heaven's power, and do not in all things promptly recognise the Lord, -if you array opposing influences against the powers i of the world to come ; familiarise the mind to profa- < nation, and sacred things msde light of ; confirm the i ungodly world ; and by the influence of example, and i that principle by which things, at first appalling, seem i soon bat trivial ; make the good careless, blunt the < keen sense of heavenly things ; you do not seek to < restore the world to God ; you rob him of hours that i had been his, of beauteous holy scenes, of service i filched away ; of sense, and mind, affection, and will, 1 that would have honoured him. As a picture, or i musical composition, a statue, or building, a poem, or 1 other work of art should have some leading aim and ] character, some primary idea to which detal's are all 1 subordinate ; which makes us judge if unity is pre- ' served, if all is harmony, and the work as a whole 1 gives to the mind not mere confusion-the struggle t of elements incongruous- hut one espeeial notion, i which accessories do but bring out ; so would the i Christisn most fervently desire that this our earthly i sphere-not merely to faith, that realise* unseen ' things, but to sense would stand forth at evidently i God s world ; where all combined to show,, not merely i the traces of His handywork in creation, but the proof of His direct influence on the touts of men ; where i Sabbaths, and holy temples, and the speech and acta et men ; where enterprise and energy, the Press, the publie voioe, would unmistakeably proclaim God, and Hit Son Christ Jesus. But, ah, it is not so f The masses give little sign of religious power or feeling. The Press, though certainly not infidel, is lax and vague; would weaken obligation; sneers at high toned devotion; seems to inculcate that if we lead an honest life, use rational delights, submit to no restraints that reason does not dictate, live without faith in Christ, or zeal for His command, just as a Plato or a Socrates might have enjoined—all will be well. God is a God of love. He wants no cramping service ; no hard restrictions ; no crucifying of the flesh; no Pharisaical observance of the Sabbath, with sombre churches, and crowded pews, and gloomy sermons ; when the sun beams brightly, and gentle air, and mead and flower, and murmuring stream invite; where nature's book is open, and stones have sermons, and running brooks instruction. They seek to frame a way te heaven ; or persuade, that if you pleasantly g on, then you will surely stumble on it, that if you only keep from faults that shock the human sense-do but what man demands think not of secret faulte seen but by God's pure eye -think not of his high claims. God asks for nothing. Pay only human debts ; snd then no need of Christ s atonement, or of his life, and power to bear up human weakness. You will gain heaven at last, for God's glory has little here ; it is not muoh mysterious ; mere men can comprehend it fully, and see it far deficient. But oh i for angels thst see celestial glory, there would be little to look into ; little to awaken rapture in minda angelic. Guard well, my friends, against this deadly ele- ment, that lurks more fatally, mind noble earthly views and high morality, and love's warm gushings ; and when the heart is caught by glowing pictures, and sympathetic feeling, and all ita avenues are open, steal in its deadly poison. Young friends who, it may be, far from home and kindred ties, and those associations which have a high protecting power, are here in danger of having fervour cooled and earnestness abated, and views of truth less vivid. Let me try, humbly trusting in Jesus' power, to recommend to you the truth in Christ,-to shew it so possessed of all the attributes of lofty truth-so wondrous, vast, and glorious,-» so precious sure, in- variable, that it may seem the excellency of know- ledge. Thinking minds, amid the multitude of effect», seek out the cause. In the crowd of actions they trace the motive. > If "ey feel certain influences that affect them for good or evil, they are not content to remain ignorant of the source. They try to And this out and discover their relations to it. Thus, while it is knowledge to be acquainted with the fact, it is a higher and more valuable to be informed as to the cause. The great Creator, the highest being in the universe, who has stamped on all the mark of power, and love, and beauty, is the grandest object of knowledge ; and in every work of nature, in every law, in each event, we should see His name inscribed : in all experience that varies the in- dividual life, in all that marks the onward course of time, we should see His hand at work. This is a sublime, but, alas, an awful knowledge. However some may look vauntingly on the Father, nor fear to meet His eye-this is a knowledge that should scare, afright, overwhelm. It is a glorious knowledge in the absolute-a vast, sublime, and terrible-but alas,'tis not for us. It tells that He is just, and you are guilty. It shews Himpure and holy and> you all polluted. It speaks Hun true and changing not, and reminds that you have sinned, and doom been published. It proclaims His awful might, and makes sure there is no evasion, no resist- ing. It tells of love and benefits, to darken foul in gratitude. Ah, then it is a fearful view of truth to guilty man ; to him it ia no excellency of knowledge. But there is a knowledge, most precious to the sin- ner's heart, that reveals the power and holiness, the majesty and glory of the Father, nor need one shade i to dim, one ray eclipsed of brightness. There is the knowledge not only of God the Judge, ? severe, enthroned in awful terror, but of God manifest I in the flesh-the'brightnese of His glory, the express but not to ¡bring 'despair, but shew the riches that9 are ours. - - . nils'' is 'the 'excellency of knowledge of God inbt only as Creator, u lawgiver and judge, but u Saviour, sanotifier, u God in Christ. Í Such is the knowledge of Christ ; the central object of revelation, the anointed of the Father,-Emanuel, God with us ; the Father's bright effulgence, ithe image of His person. The Lamb of God, the Saviour, of the world, the Prophet, Priest, the Anointed King of Zion. The judge of quick and dead-the atore of countlew treuure, riches unsearchable, the aubstance of saving truth, end of the law; its perfecter, that removes its curse, and opens its voice of promise, ¡the source of spiritual bleuing, the scope of prophecy, the pledge of promise, testator of the new and better cove- nant, the all-prevailing, the only name whereby'we can be saved. i The excellence of a thing consists in j its dignity, its beauty, or advantage. Surpusing excellence will consist of an union of many of theae qualities. The knowledge of Christ unites all; hu attractions, sublimity, and advantage. To know this is to know all things ; it ia the know- ledge that everything ia ours ; shows us all together work for good. It is excellent in its sublimity ; it stops not short with earth ; it is not confined to men and manners, to social progreu, art, soience, and discovery. It is not its crowning triumph to searoh earth's caverns, or ocean's hidden depths. It is not detained among the planets, to gueu their solid bulk, or trace their orbits. Ah, no! it mounts on angel's wings, and takes a higher and nobler flight. It soars above the skies, and descends to lowest depths. While earthly science bridges the chum or spans the rolling deep, this links the earth and heaven. It looks into the tomb whence Christ hu risen and sees the linen wrappings, and thence it springs to heavenly courts of light, and sees the Lamb that hu been slain adored by all the ranks of spirits. It deals with things most awful ; a God ef majesty ; a God that stoops to sinful flesh, and suffers para and insult ; a God most pure-the Holy Spirit that takes abade with us, and dwells in mansion vile, and bears, ant} pleads, end strives. It deals with thought sub- lime, with heaven and hell, with woe or joy eternal. This knowledge is excellent, for it is surely taught. Our certainty depends upon the teacher : he may be fallible, himself in error; or our judgment may de- ceive ; our observation may be prejudiced ; desire may make too sanguine-may make us see the thing we want ; or reluctance may dull the sight and make us slow to see. We may have a brilliant doubt, a luminous conjecture, but nothing sure-, no truth on which to rest. But the knowledge of Christ ia not of men; rests not on human testimony; wunot con- ceived in earthly mind. Heaven publishes and mighty works attest ; no man can say that Jesus it the Lord but by the Holy Ghost. So much, then, for the source and glorious certainty. This knowledge is excellent in its influence. Many kinds of knowledge give nothing but the pride of possessing ; nought ie done for the character, or ad- vantage of the life. Bnt this elevates, and punîtes, and refines. Other knowledge puffeth up, genders envying and strife. This ia pure, gentle, peaceable ; causes the storms of human passion to subside. Other knowledge worketh sorrow; this, joy and peace in the Holy Ghost, See how this knowledge hu transformed !| ¡Here was the man, in clouds of gloom, in shadu of dark despair,-scared by dire shapes of doom, and sounds of fearful menace. But on this gloom a brightness shone, and gentle worda of comfort hushed down those wild alarms ; and that sweet face of Juna looked oa aesuringly, and frown- ing spectres fled ; and light, and joy, and calm were his. Here wu the man of grovelling tastes, and mean pursuits, and brutish appetites,-the drunkard, the blasphemer, the slave of sense and passion. But he came to know the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom JM hu sent ; and a new fight broke in, and former pleasures were no more satisfying ; and wild debauch, and godless revel, and gross excess were all forsaken. The squalid wretch, the common nui- sance, the brutal husband, unnatural parent,-the careless, shameless, profligate were changed. The eyes, lit up with hellish fires, were filled with tears of penitence ; the features, on which soch foul pas- sion stamped itself, now told of godly sorrow, of holy sober joy,-of love and gratitude. The man beoame that noble image of God, clothed and in his right mind,-the legion of devils cut out;-became a kind father, loving husband, devout and constant worship- per. But we an not to look only to these great ex- tremes for the influence of this knowledge. Because we are not a drunkard, or scoffer, or libertine, let us not think it needs do nothing for us. This knowledge has awakened the careless sleeper, staggered the confident, swept away the delusive hopes; made the easy, dull,self satisfied professor to doubt and fear, see guilt and ruin, and flee to refuge. It has made the man who, like Paul, was filled with pride, and boasted of the law, and was skilled in creeds and doctrines, to count them all as loss, and prize the simple truth in Christ. ' But mark its wider'influence, look back to ages of d »knew-of intellectual night-or moral blackneu. See there the riot of humanity's worst element«. No truth, no public good, no gentle charity ;. and see in contrast, the pude of Christian lands-asylums, hospitals, infirmaries, departing slavery, advancing liberty and science, that ever follows the leading of the Cross. The laws that shield the weak, protect the widow, and secure the orphan. The stored glow that lights the domestic hearth ; those holier ties that bind husband and'wife, parent and child; servant and muter ; those genial virtues that blend together in that word of sweetest music-home. Ah, yes, how still, how gentle, and yet how excellent its influence ! malice, revenge, and pride retire ; passions that swept with fearful gusts the surface of society, are hushed; rank prejudices cease. All attributes that give dignity to the'state; all virtues that shed loveliness on families ; all that ia magnificent in enterprise, refined in civilisation, lofty in morals, noble in jurisprudence, it from the influence of this transforming knowledge. Look round the globe, and see what mighty change, as Jesus' sscred truth, on error reigns ; and then look forth to days of glorious promise,-when on every hill .hall the Gospel standard be planted, and from every valley shall rise the voice of gladness ; and, as the ear seems to catch the bursting strain that hails the King of kings and Lord of lords, then say how vast that knowledge that makes the earth thus bloom sod lift her joyful voice. Time fails me to display the ex- cellence of this knowledge, in its necessity revealing things essential ; escape from hell, and way to heaven ; access to God; comfort in Christ; joy in the Holy Ghost ; peace here and pleasure evermore. In the grandeur of its objeots, in its certainty, in ita stability, in the permanence of the things re- vealed. A* it embraces whatever is desperate in man, and terrible in God, and precious in Christ, and worthless upon earth, and inestimable in heaven, this knowledge is all excellent As viewed with this, what are earth s gilded toys, ita baubles, ornaments, its fame and honours-a little gutter, a little feverish joy, a little sound and fury, a little tickling of the ear with empty praise, a little pride of learning ; and the dark lone grave-and then, the judgment. The pride of science, the vaunt of learning, the triumphs of discovery, all, all are but loss to this ; a baffled glance, a narrowed view, a guess, a bare conjecture. Earth's truest, sublimest joys, home's hallowed bliss, kindred and social ties, shortlived ; mingled with many a bitter, oft-inter- rupted, soon cut short. All cease with time, and never meet the soul's necessities. This knowledge far transcends them all ; they are but loss to it. Paul had his righteousness of the law, and we have ours ; but, oh, what loss. Christ's is a righteousness complete and ample, a garment full and spotless, while ours is filth ana rags. This knowledge reveals a righteousness perfect in nature, 'eternal in duration,* devised by God, pur- chased by Jesus's blood, imputed by faith, securing life and glory. This knowledge discovers no perishing honours, en {oyments snd preferments of this life ; treasure in teaven ; inheritance incorruptible, eternal weight of glory, are what it brings to view. This shows no favours sought from man, no hollow praise, no voice of light applause ; but access to God. Acceptance, favour, His plaudit, and the sweet assur- ing sentence that secures the longed-for joys. Here is no earthly peace or comfort, no solace which this world's knowledge gives, no consolations of phi- losophy ; but peace, joy in the Holy Ghost, unspeak- able and full of glory. No good repute on earth, but a name written in heaven, in golden characters, in the Lamb's Book of life. , No worldly friend but one, the Friend indeed, thst t'icketh closer than a brother, who will never leave nor e'er forsake, who is able to keep that we have com- mitted to him. Behold knowledge that presents the psst, the present, and the future ; gives retrospectit e gratitude, and present joy, and future hope; and, ooking down o'er sorrows, trials, and dangen, draws orth the songt of triumph ! And now, my dear young friends, how shall this knowledge show its influence r This is the sge of the practical-knowledge must now be power, or it is nothing. It will not be enough merely to apprehend, assent, or feel tome slight elation. It mutt assert its power ; rrttst seise and rule the life. Knowledge must present the prises, direct pursuit, encourage and sustain. It should set lift's machinery in motiQU-r use sense, and bodily powers,'and mental/acuities, st its ministers; to assist in searching 'truth; to ob- serve,'and gather facts; and then to'set in action. < Do this in things divine ; let lofty thoughts, and ' Wide-spread views engage the mind. Let emotion thence ne fired, and will be stirred. Then let the life be one consistent manifestation of truth's resistless power. Let the scheme of grace stand forth in your minds in' all its grand proportions, in all its splendours. Learn it from Scripture ; pray for the Spirit to give you light, and warmth, and keen perception. Oft meditate upon it ; pursue ita vsrious tracks ; take no mean narrow view; embrace as far as may be its vsst dimensions. Regard this as the one true know- ledge-the scope and aim-the lofty truth evolved from all beneath it. View it as that high pinnacle of truth, to which stage by stage we must ascend ; to which we must generalise from truths subordinate. And when we gain this loftv elevation, we must view all things inferior by its (reflex light. This must be the high generalised notion by which we explain and i interpret facts ranged beneath ; see their true place, I aim, and importance. You must regard the cress of Christ as the scope of history; the golden thread that runs through providence; as that which gives man dignity and social progress interest. You must make it thus a grand hypothesis-a principle of interpreta- tion-a rule of judging-to be applied to all you see, or hear, or read, or feel ; patting events of life ; all facts of history, signs of the times ; developments of policy: fashion and literature, and popular feeling, must thus be judged. Philosophers and earnest thinkers have always striven to ascend to some high sublimated source, all embracing notion, which would free them from the multitude of facts confused, and give a guiding clew. Let the cross be such to you. Let it interpret for you, assist your studies, confirm the sound in litera- ture, unmask the perilous, correct the public clamour, maintain your self-possession, anchor you firmly ; let you be neither jeered, seduced, nor daunted from the faith ; driven by big swelling waves, nor lured on rocks and quicksands. Let science, art, and literature be merged in this-by a high alchemy-a blessed tram mutation extraot from everything, from reading, thought, and observation-from experience's narrow circle, and the wider field of life, the furtherance of the truth. We have given you a leading prinoiple-a grand hypothesis-a fundamental notion. Now, In human things, the man of one idea is one- sided ; his mental and moral growth an not propor- tionate. He resembles the instances that occur in certain professions, where a limb, a muscular action, or faculty, are excessively developed at the expense of all the rest. So the maa aeized by one notion, inspired by one strong passion, sees nothing eke in nature or in life, in wood Mid stream-in naturo'a music-in look or act of man, but this alone. This grows on all, and atrengthens-dwarfs other powers, or makes them all subordinate. He walks the earth to tee this everywhere. This is be- came in earthly things no single feeling, no single view should constitute the man-no one pursuit en* gross him. The soul, thus seised and cramped, grows up unnaturally-half of the world within and universe without sre lost to him. But the truth in Christ is universal-embraces al)P each form of truth, each factr eaeh view converges . here. There is no-fear that this will cramp and dwarf ' -it is the highest, broadest, purest, truth to which we rise,-into which, with ravished senses, we emerge from hopeless discord,-from clouds, and mists,-im- pervious as to a purer region, with wider, clearer view, and atmosphere more buoyant. 