THE LATE CASE OF POISONING. -THE INQUEST. On Friday last the official inquiry into the cir- cumstances attending the death of Miriam Mag- nus, which was postponed from the previous Monday, was resumed. On this occasion one of the Court-rooms in the Central Police Office, George-street, was selected for the inquiry, in order that every publicity might be given to the proceedings in a case which had excited a more than ordinary amount of interest. At 11 o'clock the jury, which had been impannelled on the day that the inquiry was instituted, assembled, and soon after the Court was opened by the Coroner, J. R. Brenan, Esq. In a few moments afterwards a crowd of persons entered the Court-room, and filled all the space appropriated to the public. Samuel Magnus, the husband of the deceased, Miriam Magnus, who was charged with having wilfully administered poison to deceased on the evening of Sunday, the 13th of May last, whereby she subsequently died, was placed in the dock. The prisoner, who seemed abashed at the gaze of so many persons, and, no doubt, affected by the serious charge against him, was at an early stage of the proceedings accommodated with a chair beside his counsel, T. Holroyd, Esq. The jury, consisting of fourteen respectable citizens, having answered to their names, the Coroner proceeded to address them. He said, that they were aware that the inquiry, now re-opened, had been initiated on a former day but that in order to afford every facility to the accused to procure counsel for his defence, and to watch the present proceedings on his behalf, he had then post- poned it. He felt bound to refer to a paragraph which had appeared in one of the morning papers, and in doing so he would entreat them not to be in the slightest degree influenced by the statement set forth, or swayed by any rumours that had been circulated with reference to the case, but to be entirely guided in their deliberations and in their rendition of a verdict by the evidence that would be adduced. The paragraph to which be par- ticularly referred they had all doubtless read or heard of ; it was to the effect that a certain female, supposed to be implicated with the prisoner in the charge, had been apprehended by the police, and was then in custody. That statement was untrue ; nor was there the slightest grounds for publishing it; there was no information before the Court implicating a second party, and according to his knowledge of all the circumstances of the case, there was no such information before the police, nor would the testimony of any of the witnesses which would be produced implicate any person beyond the suspicion resting on the prisoner. It was their duty, according to the oath which they had respectively taken not to give the slight- est evidence to, or be influenced in, their considera- tions by any expressions that might have reached their ears, or by the paragragh in question, if they had seen it. They were bound by their oath to try the case according to the evidence, and to decide to the best of their skill and knowledge. They might entertain a moral conviction as to the guilt of any party or parties, but that should not be taken into consideration by them when render- ing their verdict. There must be legal evidence brought to hear upon the charge against the prisoner, who, he should state, had been in custody before the death of deceased. He would refrain from making any comment upon the nature of the evidence that would be adduced except to estimate that according to it, and it alone, were they conscientiously bound to give their verdict. He would not have addressed them at that stage of the prceedings if the paragraph he re- ferred to had not appeared. The statement was, as he said before, untrue. No person but the pri- soner before the Court was in any way implicated. He would examine the witnesses minutely, and thus procure all the evidence possible, whether that evidence was favourable to or against the prisoner; and if the prisoner or his counsel called witnesses for the defence he would patiently hear their testimony. The enquiry was different from a mere ministerial enquiry before a magistrate ; he had no discretion In the matter, if evidence was offered he was bound to hear it. They would, therefore, pay every attention to the evidence for and against, and return a verdict con- scientiously and according to law. Jeremiah Higgins, the first, witness examined, deposed as follows :- I am an inspector of police ; from information which I received, I repaired to the residence of the prisoner, in Macquarie-street south ; I reached the house about half past eight, -o'clock ; I found him in bed, and I told him to get up and dress himself, that I had come to appre- hend him ; he asked me upon what charge; I replied, on suspicion of poisoning his wife ; prisoner then said, you, don't mean that, when was it? I told him last,Sunday; he then got up saying I suppose I had better get ready and go with you ; he requested to be allowed to see his wife, but I would not permit him ; on the way to the station-house he said, ''This is a nice thing that has come upon me ;" and at the station-house, he said," it is a serious charge too after being seventeen years married, and having had seven children" ; I left him in custody. This witness was cross-examined by Mr. Holroyd; Did not apprehend him on warrant. I took him in charge merely on the informations which I received. Maurice Solomon was next called. This witness had been partially examined on the first day of the proceedings, his testimony on that occasion was as follows :- I reside at 98, Crown-street ; I have known the prisoner and the deceased for the last four years, and was intimately, acquainted with them ; they lived together very affectionately. On Sunday, the 13th May about half- past four in the afternoon, they came on a visit to my house; they appeared on the best of terms, and we were all jocking and laughing together. The prisoner was perfectly sober, and was a man of most temperate habits ; deceased was about thirty-nine years of age ; "she partook of some tea, and about a wine glassful of porter at my house on the night in question; I think she had a little drop of rum and water. We had tea, shortly after six o'clock, not so late as seven. There was no meat on the table, as well as I can recollect. It might have been an hour, or an hour, and a half afterwards, that the deceased partook of the porter ; and shortly after that, of the rum and water. (The Coroner here expressed a desire that the witness would be particular as to the time that the deceased: patook of these drinks). These were all taken before nine o'clock, to the best of my belief, and I do not recollect, that the deceased took anything more than what I have just stated. She appeared to be in her usual health, but she was never of strong constitution. It was about ten minutes before or after ten o'clock that they left my house and proceeded homewards. The prisonor took, with him some fresh fish, which I gave them for the next, day's dinner. On his re-examination witness deposed : I am aware from circumstances within my own knowledge that prisoner and deceased had a quarrel on one occasion ; that was in December; last, about the same time I taxed the prisoner with acting wrongly in stopping away from home so much and creating thereby unhappy feelings at home, he (prisoner) replied that he had been accused unjustly and that there was no such thing as grounds for it. I told him likewise as well as I can now recollect, that Mrs Magnus had latterly been unhappy because she had not received the same attention from from him (prisoner) as she had been accustomed to ; I asked him upon that occasion where the governess was, he replied that Mrs. Magnus had through jealousy caused her to be dis- charged, and as the suspicion was groundless and she had been falsely accused, he was determined not to see her want and had therefore sent her up the country ; I was not present at any altercation, between the prisoner and his wife upon the subject of jealously ; latterly, as far as l am aware, they lived happily together ; there never was any other subject of quarrel between them ; I always found the prisoner in his conduct towards his wife most anxious to anticipate her wishes in anything she wanted. By Mr, Holroyd :- I never heard of any other subject, of complaint between the prisoner and de- ceased; I never saw the governess from the time he said that he had sent, her up the country ; the governess was in the prisoner's house at the time I had this conversation with him. Julia Cahill deposed :- I was a servant in the employ of the prisoner ; I lived in his service for two years and a half ; I recollect what took place on Sunday the 13th May last ; deceased and pri- soner left the house, together that day, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, and returned home together a little before ten ; I soon after asked Mr. Magnus if the mistress wanted me, and he replied that she did not ; at a later hour of the night he called me ; on my way to deceased's room I saw Dr. Nathan entering the home. Dr. O'Brien was at the same time in my mistress's room ; I remained a short time in the parlour after which I was called into the room ; I was then directed to rub deceased's feet with soap linament ; Mr. Magnus entered the room at the same time ; nothing was said to him by deceased or the doctor that I recollect. I am not aware of any quarrel having ever taken place between the deceased and the prisoner ; I never heard them quarrel. Some time in January last deceased went to the North Shore where she remained for a fortnight ; there was a governess living in the family ; she remained in the house in town during deceased's absence, the prisoner like- wise, with the exception of one night, stopped in town ; the governess slept in the same room with deceased's eldest daughter who was about fourteen years of age ; I know of no intimacy existing between the prisoner and the governess. Soon after deceased's return from the country the governess' was discharged. Cross-examined by Mr. Holroyd :-The deceased was in bad health previous to going to the North Shore ; I never heard the prisoner and deceased quarrel, they sometimes however would not speak to each other ; that was before the month of De- cember last. By the Coroner :- Mr. Magnus slept two nights at the North Shore with deceased. Lawrence Magnus, son of the prisonor, was next examined: I recollect Sunday, the 13th May, when my father and mother went to Mr. Solomon's; they returned between nine mid ten o'clock, and went into the parlour ; they had for supper some cold turkey and bread ; cannot say what they drank ; there was no porter in the house, and I do not know whether any was sent for ; they retired to bed at ten or half-past ten o'clock ; I also went to bed and fell asleep ; I was awakened by my mother calling out ; - she was undressed and in her bedroom ; my mother was in great pain, and discharged the contents of her stomach ; she said in the presence of the prisoner that she had taken a wrong medicine ; he replied that it was nonsense, and that he had given her the medicine that she had taken ; I did not take much notice of what was said at all ; there were several medicine bottles generally standing on the wash hand stand ; there were a tumbler, and two or three wine glasses also ; my mother did not say anything to my father about a wineglass'; she did not show one to me ; she said that she had taken the wineglass out of which she drank the medicine, and I believe that she said that she had taken it out of my father's pocket ; my father was present when she said this, but I did not hear him make any reply ; I remained there from about eleven o'clock until half-past two or three ; my father was in the room the whole of the time, but I never heard him say anything about the wine- glass. By Mr. Holroyd: They have always lived on very good terms, and I never know of any difference between them ; I have not been living at home for six months, but came down from Bathurst about a month ago ; my mother was in the habit of taking some brandy and water at supper. William Wilson, being sworn, said : I was in the service of the deceased; recollect the 13th May, when the prisoner and deceased returned from Mr. Solomons, they had supper; no ale or porter was sent for ; there was neither brandy nor porter in the house to my knowledge, but there was rum ; I was aroused shortly before twelve o'clock ; my master awoke me, and told me to bear a hand to assist Dr. O'Brien in whatever he wanted ; the deceased was sitting in an easy chair, appa- rently in great pain ; did not hear her say anything ; have been in the service since July, 1854; am not aware that there was any disturbance about Christmas ; know that the deceased was stopping at the North Shore ; never heard any words between the prisoner and deceased concerning a governess ; never over- heard anything ; there was a coolness between them for about a fortnight ; when the deceased was at the North Shore, the governess was at the house ; I never ascertained from either prisoner or deceased the cause of the coolness. By Mr. Holroyd : They have always lived on good terms ; he was a kind husband ; he sent for the doctor. James Sheen Dowling, Police Magistrate, said : On Friday, the 29th May, I went to the house of Mrs. Magnus, and took these depositions, to which my signatures are attached ; she was then per- fectly conscious of all that was taking place, but was exceedingly weak ; during the first ten minutes I had great difficulty in understanding what she said ; the prisonor was present and heard the depositions read over ; the deceased attempted to sign them but was not able ; she understood and assented to them ; the prisonor asked her a question, in reply to which, she said that she had never had a quarrel with her husband ; I cannot swear positively that I understood all the words she said ; I had sometimes to ask a question four times over ; she took a glass of wine, and during the latter part of the examination, her answers were intelligible ; she made use of signs, when I was not certain of her words ; when I asked if she had ever been ill, after taking medicine from her husband, she, apparently wishing to convoy to me how frequently she had been ill, held up three fingers; looking at all the surrounding circum- stances, I cannot swear that every word in those depositions is precisely what the deceased wished or meant to say, for this reason, that she sometimes used signs to express her meaning. Mr. Holroyd submitted that under these circum- stances the depositions could not be received in evidence. The Coroner thought that as the depositions had been read over carefully several times to the deceased, and she had assented, he was bound, although they might not contain her precise words, to receive them. The depositions were then read :- Miriam Magnus, wife of the prisoner Samuel Magnus, on oath, stated as follows:-I have been married to the prisoner seventeen years ; lately we have been on very amicable terms ; on last Sumlay fortnight, the 13th of May, I accompanied my husband on a visit to a Mr. Solomon's. We returned home together about 11 o'clock. I then felt very well. -When we came home, after my going to bed, my husband (prisoner) gave me some medi- cine, which I drank; he was not undressed at the time he administered it to me. It was contained in a wine glass. He had given me medicine before the present oc- casion, but I never felt unwell from it, and had often taken it without the doctor's knowledge. He did not say anything on giving it to me. In about five minutes after I felt very ill, of which I told him and he laughed. He did not inform me what medicine it was. I remember seeing Dr. O'Brien that same night my husband ordered Wil- liam to go for him, and he arrived shortly afterwards, I threw up more than once in a bason. The glass that he gave me the medicine in I took out of his pocket. After doing so he again laughed at me. I sometime took sal- volatile with water. After taking the medicine I felt a hot and burning feeling, I had a servant named Mary in the house the same night, and I called her into the room in the presence of my husband. I was sick but he still remained in the room. When any physic was ever required he always went to a chemist In Pitt-street. There was a linament in the house but I had not used it prior to the Sunday night in question, I felt ill three times before, after my husband gave me the medicine. I am older than he, I always felt very happy and com- fortable with him. I told him that I was jealous about a girl named Caroline, who was a governess in our family when we lived in Castlereagh-street, but who is now stopping at Paddington. He laughed at me. My life is not insured nor did my father settle any property on me when I was married. I am not aware either whether any of my relations left me any. By the prisoner: I have never had nny quarrel with my husband. ' The mark of Miriam MAGNUS, Sworn at Sydney, the 25th day of May, 1866, before JAMES SHEEN DOWLING, Police Magistrate J. S. Dowling, cross-examined by Mr. Holroyd: Would not like to swear that those depositions convey all she intended, or all that she did say ;I am sure that the name Caroline is correct, but I am not certain about Paddington being the place she mentioned ; I became so faint, while taking the depositions, that I was compelled to leave the room. William Wilson and Julia Cahill recalled : The name of the governess was Anne Callaghan. Bartholomew O'Brien, M.D., being sworn, de- posed : I have been the regular medical advisor of the Magnus family, between eleven and twelve o'clock on the night of the 13th May, I was sent for by Mrs. Magnus ; she was in bed when I arrived at the house ; she stated to me, in the presence of the prisoner, who was passing in and out of the room, that after going to bed, the prisoner asked her if she would take her medicine, meaning some sal volatile and magnesia, which she occasionally took. She replied that she felt so well, that she was sorry that he had reminded her of it, but as he had, she would take it ; he then gave her a glass, the contents of which she swallowed ; immediately upon doing to, she spoke of feeling a pungent burning mettalic taste in her tongue, throat, and descending in the gullet ; she told me that abe at once cried out " You have given me the wrong medicine, you have given me the soap liniment," and in great agony, she jumped up, and ran into the passage, calling out that she had had some wrong medicine. While in the passage, she heard the prisoner in the bedroom, making a noise among the glasses, which were upon the washhand-stand ; she then saw him coming out of the room, and putting something into his pocket ; she asked him what it was, at the same time making a grasp, and drawing out a wine glass from his pocket. She told me that she kept this glass in her hand until my arrival. I asked the prisoner why he put the glass in his pocket, to which he answered, " There was such a fuss in the house," or words to that effect. She pointed out two basins into which she bad succes- sively vomited ; this statement the prisoner cor- roborated. I sat down with the wine glass in my hand, and kept my eye upon the deceased and upon the two basins ; I never left the room till after Dr. Nathan came, whom I immediately sent for, with the concurrence of the prisoner. The deceased was vomiting bloody mucus, and seeing that something serious had occured, I told the deceased to describe to Doctor Nathan all that had passed. She repeated to him what she had told me. I believe that the prisoner was present, but he made no observation, and never, offered any explanation. I was astonished that he was so quiescent. Doctor Nathan and I remained together for two hours, till the symptoms had subsided. She was vomiting abundantly; we gave her neutralising drinks, but she threw off everything. The contents of the basin into which she had first vomited I poured into a decanter, carefully wrapped it up, and gave with the glass to Doctor Nathan ; the contents of the second basin I put into a tumbler, and kept in my own possession. The symptoms led me to the conclusion that she had taken a considerable dose of a highly irritant mineral poison The pain gradually descended from the stomach into the intestines, and purging began, accompanied by severe spasms in the legs. (Dr. O'Brien here detailed the symptoms at length.) On the follow- ing Tuesday morning, salivation set in; this continued for a few days, and gradually subsided, leaving an ulceration on the sides of the tongue and the cheek ; during this time, mercurial fata were distinctly perceptible from her breath. All the stomach symptoms had subsided in the course of a few days. Up to the 23rd or 24th May, all the symptoms of poison were gradually disappear- ing. Taking all the symptoms into consideration, the opinion of Dr. Nathan and myself , was that she had been poisoned by corrosive sublimate ; the effects would be as instantaneous as she described ; she could not have swallowed the large quantity, which I believe she must have taken, for half an hour, without feeling the burning sensation which she spoke of. All the symptoms were improving when exhaustion set in ; Dr. McEwen was then sent for ; every effort was made to sustain her, but on Sunday, the 27th, I was informed that she had died at two o'clock in the morning. I was present when her depositions were taken before the magistrate on the 25th. She was perfectly collected, and her memory clear. She had a diffi- culty in expressing herself, but after a little effort made herself distinctly understood. Exhaustion is frequently a secondary consequence of poisoning by corrosive sublimate. I assisted in making a post mortem examination of the body. The stomach and oesophagus were healthy. I did not take posses- sion of the glasses and bottles upon the wash hand-stand. ' Cross-examined ; We gave the deceased mucila- ginous drinks-as gum water, lime water, and oil and barley water ; I was not able to decide at first, what particular poison it was. The symptoms did not resemble those of arsenic, oxalic acid, sugar of lead, or copper. I treated her properly, as having taken corrosive sublimate ; no doubt, it would have been advantageous to have given her albumen, but the stomach symtoms yielded to the course of treatment adopted ; it is, the common practice of medical men to give albumen, but I did not think it was necessary; Mrs. Magnus did not mention to me the bottle of soap liniment, till four or five days after I was called in ; when she had the spasms, I ordered the servant girl to rub ber legs, and the girl said that she had used the liniment. It might have been good practice to have given her albumen, or white of eggs, but I consider that my treatment was equally as effective. John Smith, M.D., and professor of Chemistry : [ received from Dr. O'Brien a decanter, a tumbler, and a wineglass; I have received nothing from Dr. Nathan ; I analysed the contents of the decantor ; there was about a pint ín balk, consisting of solid matter-pieces of masticated food like fowl and bread, and fluid. The result of the tests proved the presence of a per-salt of mercury, in all propability corrosive sublimate. From one half the contents of the decanter I separated a globule of mercury, which I now produce in a bottle. This mercury weighed 1.77 grains. If converted into corrosive sublimate, it would produce 2.4 grains, or 4.8 grains from thewhole of the vomit in the decanter. That is more than sufficient to poison, as stated by good authority. I have not concluded my analysis of the contents of the tumbler. ln the wineglass there were two or three grains of a white powder. At the request of Dr. O'Brien, I examined a por- tion to ascertain if it was arsomic ; there was none ; I then tried another portion, and found it to con- tain magnesia ; the residue after the two experi- ments was so minute in quantity, that I was unable to detect mercury. I got traces of mercury, but not distinctly. Cross-examined : There is no test to detect corrosive sublimate as such. I detected chlorine and mercury, the componont parts of corrosive sublimate. I dipped a piece of copper into the solution, and by the addition of a drop of muriatic acid, got a coating of mercury upon the copper. By means of iodide of potassium, I got a yellow precipitate, soluble in liquid, the contents of the stomach, or the tests applied. Sulphuretted hydrogen gas produced-first a yellowish, then an orange, and then nearly a black colour ; this is highly characteristic of corrosive sublimate, By adding a small portion of the proto- chloride of tin, to the fluid, I got a dark grey precipitate. To detect the chlorine, l used the nitrate of silver, which gave un abun- dant white precipitate. Ten ounces, or half the, vomit, were filtered, then the proto- chloride of tin was added, and the mixture kept for some hours at nearly a boiling temperature ; on being allowed to stand for a night, a grayish black sediment was deposited. The liquid being decanted, it was boiled with caustic potassa. What remained of the sediment was collected; and washed with distilled water. The dried substance mixed with carbonate of potassa was then put into a small glass tube and heated vio- lently. Metallic mercury sublimed from the mix- turo, and condensed upon the sides of the tube ; this I collected with a feather. I did not try if there was magnesia in the contents of the stomach. I tried the soap linament, the bottle of magnesia, and the salvolatile, but found no mercury. I got the magnesia on Saturday week. This concluded the day's procoedings, and the Court adjourned till SATURDAY. The Court opened at nine o'clock this morning, when Dr. O'Brien was recalled, and requested by the Coroner to explain how it was that, since he stated in his evidence Professor Smith had received the decanter, from him, he had pre- viously given it to Dr. Nathan, The witness accounted for this circumstance, by staling tlmt when the decanter was wanted, ho- wulted on Ur Nathan, who being at the time engaged requested him to deliver the decanter to Pro- fessor Smith, which he did ; while in Dr. Nathan's possession, it had remained untouched. In reply to the questions of the Coroner, Dr. O'Brien further stated that when the depositions of the deceased were taken by the magistiate, he distinctly recollected that she said that she had been three times sick after taking medicine given to her by the prisoner ; she first uttered something that sounded like "three," then held up three fingers, and on being asked if she meant three times, answered " yes." [In the absence of Mr. Holroyd, Mr. Stephen appeared to watch the proceedings in behalf of the prisoner.] Charles Nathan, surgeon, was next examined, and corroborated,, the testimony of Dr. O'Brien in regard to the appearance of deceased on the night in question, and the symptoms which she exhibited ; but as the witness could not swear that the prisoner was in the room when the deceased told him the manner in which she had taken the draught, his evidence as to that par- ticular could not be received, He then continued: On the following day Dr. O'Brien and I asked the prisoner what was the matter with his wife ; I stated that she was suffering from having taken some highly irritant matter, and that the symptoms had come on suddenly after the medicine which he had given her. Dr. O'Brien said it was very singular, to which prisoner replied that it was. We used gluten in our treatment, as it was better than albumen. Albumen decomposes corrosive subli- mate, precipitating a soluble white powder, the nature of which chemists have not yet determined, but it is believed to consist chiefly of calomel. This, while insoluble, is considered harmless, but an excess of albumen renders it soluble. Gluten causes a precipitate of the same kind, which I believe does not become soluble in an excess of gluten. Therefore, I think that glutinous matters are better than albuminous as antidotes to corrosive sublimate. The prisoner never attempted to make any explanation how a mistake might have occurred. I assisted at the post mortem examina- tion ; the cause of the death of Mrs. Magnus was exhaustion after purging, and induced by the pre- sence of corrosive sublimate in the stomach. Dr. McEwan then gave evidence, but it was merely a recapitulation of that of Drs. O'Brien and Nathan. This concluded the evidence, after which the Coroner proceeded to address the jury, minutely reviewing the testimony of the several witnesses, and commenting on such portions thereof as bore most directly upon the main features of the case. He observed that the time at which the deceased had partaken of various drinks at Mr. Solomon's, was most material, when the medical evidence was taken into consideration. Mr, Solomon was quite certain of all that deceased had drunk at his house on the night in question was taken before nine o'clock, and this being coupled with the well known instantaneous effects of the poison, which had caused her death, was at once a convincing proof that ber death was not caused by anything of which she had there partaken. There was no doubt from the testimony of the deceased, and the admission of the prisoner, that he had reminded her to take the medicine, and that immediately on swallowing it, she felt all the pain that would be produced by a highly irritant poison. It was a most remarkable circumstance, that the prisoner, when the deceased said that he had given her the wrong medicine, never offered any explanation, and he (the Coroner) would ask the jury whether the conduct af the prisonor throughout the whole affair was natural - whether, if be had made a fearful mistake and had accidentally given her the poisonous mix- ture, he would at once have made some statement. No doubt, he sent for the dootor, and there was also another circumstance in his favour, that the wineglass taken from his pocket by the deceased had not been found to contain mercury but mag- nesia, but with this fact, it should also be con- sidered that there was a probability that the pri- soner (supposing that the corrosive sublimate had been in one glass and the magnesia in another) might, in the confusion of the moment, have pocketed the glass containing the magnesia. In considering the facts of the case, the question natu- rally suggested itself, what could have induced the prisoner to the commission of such a crime ; he had been living with the deceased on the most affectionate terms, and the only circumstance (to which, however, he (the Coroner) - did not attach much importance) to be taken into consideration, was that during the time that a governess was employed in the house, a coolness had been per- ceived between the prisoner and deceased, and that on the return of deceased from the North Shore, the governess was sent away. The jury would have to pay careful attention to this part of the evidence, and consider whether there was enough to make them believe that an improper intimacy had existed. Mr. Solomon, in his evidence, had spoken of having, on a former occasion, called upon the prisoner, and upbraided him for his conduct, to which the prisoner had replied that he was wrong- fully accused-what the complaint made by the deceased to Mr. Solomon was, could not be received as evidence against the prisoner, nas it was not spoken in his presence ; but they might naturally conclude what that com- plaint was. In regard to the depositions, taken before Mr, Dowling, he thought that a very good objection had been taken by the learned counsel for the defence, but at the same time the prin- cipal parts of this testimony of the deceased had been corroborated by the other witnesses. Here again the apathy of the prisoner was painfully apparent-he had had time to recover from the confusion of the first night, and yet he had not, while his wife was alive, and while in her presence, asked any questions or attempted in any way to explain how a mistake might possibly have occurred. Her statement that she had been previously ill three times after taking medicine from the hands of the prisoner might be accounted for in various ways the delicate state of her stomach might have been the cause ; but was it not singular that at a mo- ment when she was approaching dissolution, that she should refer to this subject ? that she should be so positive about the number, three times, and that, the prisoner should have remained silent on hearing such an allegation ? The jury would have to draw their own conclusions as to the cause of this silence. With respect to the medical evidence, the symptoms described and the mercury produced by the analysis proved indisputably timi the poison was a salt of mercury, and most probably corrosive sublimate ; the fact that the deceived, on taking the poison immediately after a hearty sup pur, had discharged the contents of the stomach the lapse of time from the 13th to the 27th, the day of her death, together with the antedotes pre- scribed, would be sufficient to explain the cause of the healthy state of the mucous membrane of the stomach, ascertained by the post mortem examina- tion. The coroner, then quoted, at length from Taylor's Medical Jurisprudence, in which were detailed the symptoms of poisoning by corrosive sublimate, corresponding with those described by Drs. O'Brien and Nathan ; he then adverted to the difficulties always attendant upon cases in which poison had been used. If the jury, he con- tinued, had a reasonable doubt that, the prisoner was not guilty of wilfully and intentionally adminis turing the poison, they must give him the benefit of the doubt ; but if, on the other hand, they thought that he had wilfully given the poison to the de- ceased, they must bring in a verdict of wilful murder. The jury retired, and after a short deliberation, returned with a verdict of guilty of wilful murder, The prisoner was then committed by the Coroner to take his trial at the Central Criminal Court. CAPITAL PUNISHMENT, No. 3. To the Editor of tht Empire. Sm-We wish to occupy a portion of your valuable paper with a few remarks on Mr. Threl- keld's second letter on the above subject, which appeared in the Empire of May 19th, 1855. Not that we think Mr. T, has answered your able article of May 8th or done any real damage to the facts and arguments already put forth in opposition to capital punishment, or even yet proved such punishment either in accordance with the great principles of the New Testament, or the best means for preventing crime, or protecting society. We regard these points in a very great measure untouched, and at least up to the present impregna- ble ; and if more conclusive arguments cannot be produced, we think they are likely to remain so. We wish to remark on one or two things in Mr. Threlkeld's letter, as silence might, by those who look only at the surface of things, be thought a defeat. Mr. Threlkeld says :-" We ministers of the Gospel do not pretend to make a criminal a Christian by zealous clerical attention," &c.;,.&c.;, " but simply declare front the Word of God that the wages of sin is death, &c.;" We have always thought there was something very absurd in the anxiety that is often manifestad to ply a criminal with instruction for a few days, and then to strangle him. Is this caring fur his soul while you sanction the destruction of his body ? We think not. If you really cared for his soul you would not venture his eternal inter- ests on the faint probability of his attend- ing to instruction for a few short days, but would say -allow him to live, that he may repent, mid seek pardon from his maker. The pre- sent system appears to us much like instructing that you may strangle, and to lay the least, of it, is very questionable sympathy. By the reference to the " wages of sin, &c;," are we to understand the apostle meant Capital Punishment! If so, as death is the wages due to all sin, it will follow all sinner* must be put to death. Had St. Paul any reference whatever to capital punishment ? We think all who read Rom- VI. will answer he had not. Then, why drag such texts into the controversy ? Ia it for wont of better ? Echo answers-" For want of better." It ia said " God now here requires infallible knowledge from his fallible creatures." True. But what then ? Are they to go on putting innocent persons to death, and then turn round on all who complain, and reply-" God has given us authority to kill the murderer, but as we aro not able always to tell who the murderer is, should we put to death the guiltless, we cannot help it, it is because God hos not given us infallible knowledge.'! This is fathering sin on the Almighty to some purpose ; it is escaping from guilt by the most desperate means, and we confess it must receive much better support than it has vet done before we can receive, much loss become, its apologists. But we do not wish to pass this matter in this way. We have now before us SIXTY-ONE cases of capital punish- ment where persons have suffered unjustly ; and be it remembered the most of these were murdered not by the abuse of the supposed authority men possess to kill, but by the proper exercise of it ; or as Mr. Threlkeld says because God has not given infallible knowledge to man" ; so that on this very account, while capital punishment continues, innocent persons must suffer. We ask at whose hands will the blood of this host be re- quired ? For if " blood for blood" is invariably required, all this innocent blood cannot remain un- atoned for. We say require it of the law, for that law is the greatest murderer at large in any country. Hang the law, hang it at once, for it has surely done enough of mischief. . We are referred to the words of St. Paul, viz. " the law is holy, just, and good." The law is not good, it is neither good to reform tho criminal, to protect society, or to prevent crime, but it is evil always, and altogether evil. Therefore no stronger Christ assures us that the law is made for the murderer,"'and asks "what law but the general law if blood for blood, It could not be the law of Moses, for that was a special local law for the Jews alone." We suppose Mr. Threlkeld refers to 1st. Tim., i., 9. We ask why are these words said to be the words of Christ, any more than other passages selected from the writings of St. Paul? But we pass this by and quote the passage referred to :-" Knowing this, that the law is not made for a righteous man, but for the lawless and disobedi- ent, for the ungodly and for sinners, for unholy and profane, for murderers of fathers, and murderers of mothers, for manslayers. For whoremongers, for them that defile themselves with mankind, for monstealers, for liars, for perjured persons, and if there be any other thing that is contrary to sound doctrine." 1st Tim. i., 9-10. We ask the reader carefully to consider this text, and say if anything can confute Mr. T.'s theory more fully than this does. Mr. T. himself says, " this cannot be the law of Moses, for that was a special local law for the Jews alone." Can it be the law of " blood for blood" ? We answer it is impossible, for the law referred to here applies alike to the disobedient, the ungodly, the unholy, the profane, the manslayer, the adulterer, the manstealer, the liar, the perjurer, and to all guilty of any other thing that is contrary to sound doctrine, as well as to the murderer. Again we protest against taking a few words from the middle of a passage, tearing them away from their connections, and giving to them a meaning their inspired authors never intended. If Capital Punishment cannot be sustained but by such a course, its friends had better at once allow it to fall. If such a mode as this is allowed, doctrines the most absurd, and monstrous, may be defended by Scripture. The detestation with which the hangman and his offices are regarded, is accounted for from the fact that he is not sufficiently respectable, or because he is not better paid for his work. We suggest that some person of known respectability, who has no subjection to State pay, be sought for this work. For if to strangle a "man is after all " an ordinance of God," we cannot see any good reason why a man should not be well paid for carrying this ordinance into effect, since the State in its wisdom has seen fit to pay both Jew and Gentile for carrying out other ordinances which they suppose to be divine. But some ask -Why is a hangman required at all ? Why does not the Sheriff perform this part of his duty? We re-cho The Why. Mr. Threlkeld says the reason criminals are to be put to death in private is "to peovent them fluttering themselves with the false hope of sympathy from the multitudes that witness their execu- tions." Is this the only reason ? Then we say, cruel law-makers, you not only strangle-a wretched being, but you embitter his last moments by cutting off from him all manifestations of sympa- thy, This is not the reason, but the reason is, because the influence of the gallows is blighting and bane- ful. We cannot see why the testimony of the Heathen Poet should be ejected to, as we think the stage of antiquity or even the modern theatre are fit her as valuable, and as much to be relied on, as the savage instincts of the aborigines of New South Wales. ln reply to your surprise that sensible men should resort to the New Testament for arguments in favour of a matter so dire as death punishments, Mr. Threlkeld says, the reason is "because they are sensible they appeal to the first principles of the oracles of God. because it belongeth to sensible men of full age. who, by reason, of use, have their senses exercised to discern both good and evil, to search the Scriptures to see it' such things be so." Are we to understand by this, that all the sense and age of the world are in favour of strangling, and that nothing but boys mid folly are against it. If all this were really true, we might then ask. How it is that boys in their youth and indepen- dence, should have brought facts and arguments against capital punishment which men of full age have either refused to grapple with, or utterly failed to overthrow? And we further enquire.-What is likely to become of strangling, when those who are now against it, shall have become "men of full age, and shall have their senses exercised to discern good and evil," Does-not its advocates fear they will see this darling of theirs crushed down, and utterly annihilated by the arguments of man of full age ? But we beg to say all the sense and age, of the world are not in favour of the hangman ; wa can give names against him of equal weight and authority with any that can be pleaded in his favour. But after all, per- haps sensible men are not always safe guides in such matters. It cannot be denied that John Cal- vin took a prominent part in bringing Michael Servetus to the stake for supposed heresy, neither can it be denied that Bullinger, Farel, Viret, Beza, Peter Martyr and even Malancthon approved of the deed. Half the Christian world now regard this as a dark stain on the history of that great man-as an outrage committed, in the name of re- ligion, on Immunity, as well us upon religion her self, We might also refer to the fact, that multi- tudes have been put to death for the supposed sin of witchcraft. A person as sensible as Judge Blackstone writes as follows :-" The civil law punishes with death not only the sorcerers them- selves but also those who consult them, imitating in the former the express law of God-"Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live.' And our own laws, both before and since the Conquest, have been equally penal, ranking this crime with heresy, and condemning both to the flames." Many sensible men now say-"The world is grown too old, and the Church too wise to dream and drivel again about the devils ot superstition, these are all gone for ever with the ghosts and hobgoblins of antiquity, science and common sense cast out these imps, and therefore no superstition can bring them back." (Philip's Life of Bunyan.) In America, who have been the ablest advocates of that abomination slavery?-Who, but ministers of the Christian religion, who search the Scriptures in order that they may defend the manstealer. Sensible as well as other man often learn their creeds first, then search the Scriptures. They carry opinions to the word of God and interpret it by the same ; they begin where they ought to and, and this perhaps is the great season why sensible men are not always safe- guides. We believe the day will come when all sensible man will stand utterly amazed that Chris- tian ministers should ever have applied to the New testament for arguments in favour of a things' horrible as death punishments. The signs of the times clearly indicate the rapid approach of such a day. We are referred to the Apostle's declaration- " For if I be an offender, or have committed any thing worthy of death, I refuse not to die." We are told, " from this it is self-evident that there were crimes worthy of death," All that is evident from this is, there were crimes judged worthy of death by the Roman law. It was to the law of that Empire, St. Paul as one of its citizens referred. This is self-evident from the appeal he makes against the infliction of an unrighteous sentence, quoted by Mr. Threlkeld, when he says-" Is it lawful for you to scourge a man that is a Roman and un- condemned." Now to what does Paul appeal-to the moral law of his God ? No, but to the law of Rome. Doos he plead his rights and privi- leges as a Christian ? No, but his rights and pri- vileges as a Roman ; so that it is quite evident he did not refer to the moral right of the thing at all. Besides, in the last passage the right to inflict stripes is admitted. We ask if St. Paul meant by this that flogging is part of the moral law of God, that the lash is one of the instruments appointed by Christ for enlightening and for renovating the world ? Or did he mean it was right ac- cording to an existing law of the State ? We say without any hesitation the latter only could be his meaning. So that the inspired teacher of the Gentiles neither by precept nor example teaches the moral right of capital punishment. We are fur- ther told St. Paul teaches, " The powers that be are ordained of God"-" for good." Yes, " for good." Then let it it be proved that to strangle a man is " for good." Is it for his good ? No. Is it for the good of others ? No, for the horrid thing has henceforth to be done in private. " To be a terror to evil doers "-The liar, the thief, the Sabbath breaker, &c;, are all "evil doers"-is strangling any terror to them ?-besides, let it be proved that solitary confinement would not be as great a terror to the doers of evil as the infliction of death. And be it remembered nothing but facts can be received as evidence here. When this is clearly proved, then the advocates of capital punishment may claim this text, till then it is fairly ours. We have been charged with sympathy for the criminal, and that by Christian ministers ; we do sympathise with criminals in general not because they are criminals, but because they are men,-brother-men, because the rope of the hangman neither puts an end to their existence or their guilt,-because the future, the eternal, is the harvest, of which the present life is the seed time. All we wish to do in justifica- tion of this sympathy is to set before our acousers The Divine Man they, as well as ourselves, call master ; we wish them to look at him standing on Olivet, weeping such tears as he only could shed, saying as he did so-" O Jerusalem, Jerusalem," &c;, &c.; What more than womanly, more than motherly sympathy and tenderness is here ! All this was toward the most criminal. His example is at once our plea; and the reproof of all who have so far lost sight of it as to make sympathy a sin. We wish further to say the Redeemer has most distinctly prohibited retaliation. We know it has been said this forbids all punishment. Yes, all punishment that has not a higher, a better object in view than retaliation. We think the question may be summed up as follows :- 1\. ls there in the entire New Testament one single precept that clearly enforces capital punishe- ment. 2\. Is there one single passage in the whole of the New Testament where the command given to Noah is adopted and re-enacted ? 3\. If the New Testament was put into the hands of an intelligent heathen would he learn from it the moral right of capital punishment ? 4\. Can it be said to reform the criminal, protect society, or to prevent crime ? We are willing to rest the entire controversy on these points. If they can be fully and clearly answered in the negative, we shall at once submit and say by all means let the gallows stand ; let the Government at once appoint to this office some person of known respectability, and let him if possible redeem his work from the contempt and shame that is everywhere cast upon it, and let nations be the witnesses of his skill ; let them learn from him and from his work some great moral lesson, worthy to be remembered, and to be prac- tised. If these questions cannot be thus answered, we say let the gallows for ever fall, and let the re echo of its fall fill the hearts of the Christians and the philanthropists with joy because a mighty barrier to human progress is cast down, and because a great evil has perished from the world. Yours most truly, JONN SHARPE. Woolloomooloo, May 31st, 1855. 