NEWSPAPER COPYRIGHT. In the supplement prep trade by the Liverpool Times, on the 19th of April, expressly for transmission to Australia by the clipper ship White Star, we find the following intimation : - "The clauses which the Chancellor of the Exchequer proposes to add to the Newspaper Stamp Duties Bill will confer upon newspaper proprietors a copy- right in every original article, letter, paragraph, com- munication, and composition which shall for the first time be published in any newspaper. They will protect this copyright against encroachments by any persons who may, within twenty-four hours, print and publish these or any material part thereof, or any colourable abridgment of the same." The enactment of such a law would very properly give to the present conductors of the daily press par- ticularly in London, where the outlay attending a. morning newspaper is so great-, a. very necessary protection against the encroachments and appropriation, of the host of cheap papers which it is anticipated will start into existence immediately on the abolition of the penny stamp and which, but for this or some other such enactment, would at once republish all the principal news of the older j Furness, obtained at great trouble, and with, in many instances, enormous outlay of capital. PiiiDB or Bnmi.-Banister used to tell a story of his having been introduced, with Mrs. Banister, to an elderly lady of exceeding high notions. 'After the r presentation had taken place, the lady asked answer of the day, who was present, _" Who are the Banisters ? ' are they of good firmly ?" "Yes;" said. the wit, " very good indeed ; they are closely allied with the Stairs." " U,"" said- Lady Lucretia,' '. a very ancient family JVom Ayrshire, dates back' to' 1400 j I am delighted to see your friends." ... > ' ' , l- I of MEMORY.- There is something very curious about memory, 'says Sam, Slick. I don't think there such a thing as total- forgetfulness. Memory has many- cells. Some of them can't see much, and dust and cobwebs get about them, and you can't tell where the hinge is,- or can't easily discern the secret t pring; but open it at once, and whatever is stowed away there is as safe and sound as ever." I have a good deny'., capital stories poked away in them cubby hole?, that I can't just lay my hand on when "" I want to but now and th ri, when looking for something else, I stumble upon them by seven dust. Tell you what, as to forgetting' a. thing teetotaller, I don't believe there is any such thing in t' natur. Guosis.-"Ghosts!" says Thomas Hood, "No- such thing in nature ; all laid long ago, before the wood pavement. What should they came for 5 The colliers , may rise for higher wages, and the chartists may rise for reform, and the abstainers may rise, for their health, and the rising generation may rise ; but that the dead should rise only to make one's hair rise, is more than I can credit. Suppose yourself a ghost. Well, if you come out of your grave to save a friend, how are you to help him And if it's an enemy, what's the use of appearing to him, if you can't pitch into him?" A. LUXURIOUS Au month this broiling ' month ' (July) I use every method in my power to guard against the heat : four servants constantly fan my apartments they raise wind enough to make a tempestuous sea. My wine is plunged in snow and ice . till the moment I drink it; 1 pass half my time in the cold bath, and divide the other half bets eman orange grove, cooled by a refreshing four run, in 1 my sofa I do not venture to cross theatre t put in a coach. Other people are content with smelling 11 layers, I have hit on the method of eating and drinking them : Ipiotestthat my chamber smells stronger of perfume than Arabia-Felix and I and so lavish of rose-water and esSence of jessamine, that I actually swim in if. While my neighbours, at this sultry season, are over- ' loading their stomachs with solid food, I subsist almost entirely on birds fed with sugar ; these, with jellies and fruit, are the whole of my diet. Mar house is neither so elegant nor so costly as Fon- nineteen, but it has a charming wood behind it, which the solar ray cannot penetrate, and is admirably calculated for an invalid with weak eyes, or to make an ordinary woman appear tolerably handsome. The trees, covered with foliage to their very roots, are crowded with turtle doves and pheasants ': wherever I walk I tread on tulips and anemones, which I have ordered my gardener to plant UIIUHSJ the other flowers to prove that the French strangers no not suffer by a comparison with their Italian friends Bulga. From remarks in the Union and Assemble Rationale, it appears that adulteration in wine- and other liquors is taking place to an enormous extent, bath in Paris and in some of the wine-growing districts of the departments. Mehemet Ali Pasha's daughter was so pleased with the strains of the band of the 10th Hussars, who played in the streets of Cairo, that she presented £60 for distribution amongst them, and gave the bandmaster a shawl. The PARIS AGRICULTURAL SHOW or 1855 -The French Government is taking active measures to in duco British agriculturists to send back for show to the Great Agricultural Exhibition which is to be held in Paris in June of this year. Rossini is dangerously ill of the ague. The French Government propose to i did 140,000 francs to the subvention granted to the Paris Opera, There is a talk of uniting L -bon and Oporto by an electric telegraph, and of joining Spain and Portugal in the same way. Dr. Boyardf of Paris, opposes vaccination, because. at present a large number of sickly persons dying ( before they attain the age of manhood, 