GEELONG. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) April Sill, 1855. The Geelong Corporation is likely to get into disgrace in connection with certain matters pertaining to the laying or the foundatiftn-stone of the new Town Hall. It appears that about a ortnight ago, Mr Councillor Wright presented a petition to certain of the inhabitants to have a piece oi street repaired, which was a very necessary work, and which would not cost more than £150. After considera'ion, the Council came to the conclusion that they had no money to spare, and refused ihe application. A few days ago. however, when it was thought advisable io have a " flare-up" and a dinner at the laying of the foundationstone, the same Council agreed that the dinner should be paid for out of the public funds. The dinner will cost £150 or £200. The Council have no more money th»n before, and yet they can squander one day the very money they deny having a few days before. If the Mayor and Corporation are so particularly fond of these ridiculous public displays, and so partial to dinners, they should pay for them themselves. The very handsome sum of £1200 lavished on the Mayor should effeetually prevent him from dipping his fingers in the public purse. As it is a great deal more than he is worth, he might spend some of it in a few Corporation dinners, and leave the other money of the burgesses to be spent in legitimate ^improvements, Ac. Mr Coppi n took his benefit last night at the Theatre Royal, and a very respectable and tolerably numerous audience appeared to welcome him. The piece chosen was Shakspeare's celebrated play of Hamlet, in which Mr Brooke played ffamlet, Mr R. Young; the double part of Ghost and Claudius, Mr Coppin Polonius, Miss Cathcart Ophelia, and Mrs Moore Gertrude. Hamlet is one of those pieces in which Mr Brooke's no ;le and commanding appearance tells completely in his favour * and last night he appeared to great advanl tage, although, I confess, there seemed io he a want, or rather an occasional misapplication, of feeling. His acting on the whole, however, was very fine, and received the applause it merited. Mr It. Young as king and ghost, played with his usual ability. Miss Cathcart as Ophelia was admirable, and her delineations of the female maniac ol high tank cast down from the sphere of intelligence she had so lately occupied, to that of madness and vacancy, were true a d natural. Coppin played Polonius, as Coppin can play it. The afterpiece was •* The Wandering Minstrel " To night is the last of Mr Brooke's preseni engagement here, as also of his talented as- sistants, Miss Cathcart and Mr Younge. Mr Brooke takes his beneOt this evening, the play being " The Stranger," and the after-piece " His Last Legs," in which Mr Brooke plays O'Caltaghan. 1 hope that they will be again induced to visit Geelong, and afford us another opportunity of witnessing their much admired talents.— Argus. 