METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. (From the Liueivool Albion, April 30.) Gontlemen in scorch of a sensation who happened t ho in tho neighbourhood of Pulueo-ynrd might hav found ono last night in either I louse of Parliamon Tho Lords have hud compulsory holyday so long nov and uro likely to hnvo it so much longer, that when th smallest opportunity otl'ers for doing m ry sort of misinos or getting np any sort of talk about it, they sot to wor with the eagerness of men determined to maku the mos of trilles, ns niuoh ns to imply that they would ge through business in fi very dill'erent fashion to tho Com mons if they bad tho chance. Thus, for instnnco, thu usually placid Poor, Shaftesbury, in asking a trumper, question nbout sonic recent horse-play in certain bar rack-yards, deported himself in a style thnt might belit i tableau of tho Kornau tribuno denouncing tho Siciliui pro-Consul. Standing in tho middle of tho lloor, hi: tall form drawn up to tip-too altitude, his cravat stnrcbci to a décrue pninfnlly suggestive of garrotte, and hi ecclesiastical comitcuanco imbued with n severity thu would bo picturesque in a grand inquisitor, hi declaimed in accents that reverberated along the rool and'smote with ono hand tho papers ho held in tin other, till it became quite alarming to look at him though it was a relief to think ho was so spiritually thin and that Ibero was not much danger of cerebral conges tion. The noble Lord's deportment is n good doa diil'cront hero from what it was when ho was tho Lon Ashley of tho Common*. Then the dread ol' tho sneo about bis Exoter-hall enthusiasm-a reproach fron whicli he always shrunk with morbid sensitiveness ii thnt ungodly assembly-subdued him to a very worldl; level, and tho pride of the platform was merged in tin mediocrity of tho Senate. Nevertheless, it was with th utmost reluctance he left tho Lower Houso for tin Uppor, declaring, us ho did to a select circle of hi eongiutulutors, that ho regarded tho elevation as tin extinguishment of his conspicuous usefulness, if not th death of his ambition ; mid a moro ambitious man bu ! not lived since tho time of his famous ancestor, Anthony tho bend of tho Cabal. Ho would far rather havo eve remained plain M.P. for Bath, or nnywhero elso, thai liuvo becomo a hereditary legislator, partially ag ju j did not inherit tho paternal ¡£4,000 a-year so lon¡ enjoyed by tho late Chairman of Committees. Bu I having entered Hie oligarchic Chamber, ito scorns du lighted to rouse tho stagnating blood of his dormousey brethren by a taste of that Communistic ardour which has so often charmed tho Chartists, and which he evolved last night when after recounting regimental irregularities, and praising a subaltern at the expense of his officer, he exclaimed in a mode that Ernest Jones might envy-" I wish to God, that sergeant had ex changed places with tho adjutant !"-a sentiment on the strength of which Louis Blanc and the Soho Socialists will probably to-day vote his Lordship all the honours of fraternity and equality. When he sat down, up rose Lord llardiugo; ho being tho solo occupant of tho Minis- terial bench ut the timo; and that he was so seemed tc lund confirmation to tho rumour, current for several days back, that Pnnmuro lins betaken himself entirely to Colchicum and llnutiul on his private account, and won't concern himself any longer with those ailments of State which his interference with has only aggravated. Ever since Monday even- ing, when Palmerston experienced tho contume- lious treatment of which we shall have to speak presently, thoro havo been constant reports of resigna tions ol' nil sorts, but principally or thu noble Viscount himself, mid secondly of tho War Minister, the latter to bo succeeded, sumo Kittel by Ellenborough, gomo by Grey, and sonni by illino other than tho official Jack-of all-trades, Lord John himself, who would thus reunite in his own person thu two posts whoreof ho was tho tlrst to proposo tho severance. Bo this ns it may, thu empty condition or tho Ministerial bench, although there hud boon notice given ol' several items ol' importance, begat strong suspicions in tho minds of tho many loiterers about tho House. Clarendon did not come in the whole evening, though there was a special motion on tho books relative to tho Russian blockade and tho Prussian evasions thereof ; lint that functionary is reported to be anxious to keep out of sight us much as possible, being much abashed by tho exposure of his mare's nest in respect to the Vienna mystifications, he being chiefly chargeable with the whole of tho Austrianized blunders, though in reality only tho cat's-paw to bring about tho very result that has happened. But though there were present no Ministers, properly so call eil, tho ono who was pre- sent made up in fussiness and consequence for all tho absentóos. This was tho Duko ol' Argyll, whoso most onerous official duty seems to consist in brushing his Absolomically luxuriant ami auburn locks off his lore bond, and in trying to look wiso enough for tho whole Cabinet. In thu latter respect ho certainly succeeded, as fur as appearances go, for if her Majesty's Ministers wore only hull' as profound us tho juvénile Privy Seal seems, they would hnvo tuleen Sebastopol by submarine telegraph long ugo. But it isn't by looks only Unit ho endeavours to keep up tko idea of his sagacity. All tho evening ho lins a rad morocco dispatch-box brought into liim every ten minutes, mid keeps opening mid shutting and sending it oil'again, ns though Ibo wholo machinery of tho Slate woro concentrated in il, and that ho wore operating for all (lie departments simultaneously. Moreover, ho is always ready to take up any topic, with or without n niiim Vs notice, for any mid nil his col- leagues, in either House, piirticulnrly now that Lord Granville is out of thu way. Tho wonder is that ho did not lust night fake precedenco ol' Har- dinge in answering Shaftesbury, mut doubtless ho would hnvo dune so hud thu former deluyod a minute. But thu C'oininundor-iii-Cldul'hiid evidently been apprised of thu interrogatories beforehand, and cunio down pro pared to givo Ibu sort of response, that is stereotyped for such occiisioitH, seeming to convey a great deal, but meaning nothing ut nil, mid not intended to menu any. thing else, Shaftesbury applauding vociferously, and crying " Hear, henri" in tunes as stenloriously resonant as those ol'Graziani, tho new barritonc, in tho death scene in JC nut it I. Hardinge, it will bo remembered, was long tho primo fire-eater among warriors in pence. Not only diet hu second Wellington in thu Winchelsea duel, but ho wns always tho " rrioml" of Peel, when Sir Hubert wnnlud to fasten n quarrel on pour Joe 1 linne, or Ur. Lushington, or nlheranli-belligerenl antagonists ol'that slump, including O'Connell, lifter thu registration ol' tho Liberator's vow ngaiiist transactions in saltpetre. Besides, Hardinge hud bud ninny little privato ntliiirs on his own hands, or rather his own bund, to speak willi propriety becauso ol' tho Qunrtro Bras amputation. Ito mimaceiieos of these uutcccdeuls seemed suddenly to ooüiir to Hardwicke who, tho momont Htmlingo RH down, got up mid said that, for his part, ho . though that regimental regulations had boiiomo disordered jiu in proportion as tho practice of duelling had declined : -when gentlemen felt they wore responsibly to gentle men for gentlemanly behaviour, they acted us gentlemen themselves, and were treated accordingly, and then we heard nothing of tho ruffianly scenes that had lately become so rife :-not that he mount to recommend the re-introduction of dualling ; on that head he had his own opinion, though ho would not say what it was ; but this ho would say Unit things lind boconio very disgrace ful in regiments sinco duelling had censed, flies Christian sentiments, coming from n maker of law; wore listened to by no loss than thirteen bishops; bu not ono word said ono of tho right reverend fathors i reprobation of this panegyric on tho science of man slaughter. There was a laugh at tho frankness of the marine Peer, and tho bishops smiled, too, in their lawn sleeves ; but they said nothing, nor would they have done so had he proposed a recourse to scalping-knives as an antidote to tho practical joke among military youngsters now giving so much troubl to thoir opaulottod oldors in particular, and so mite' scandal to civilians in general. It may ho asked wita brought such an army of hierarchical hidalgos in til House? Tho inducement was to hoar thoir once poten tial but now almost impotont. brother of Exotor disdain against tho uaw attempt being made " in atiothor placo to got rid of Church-rates. Alack, Phillpotts is now wo! nigh empty of tho attributes that erst made him formid able :-Ho is no longer tho vial of wrath wherewith hi numo was synonymous for a qiiurtor-of-a-coutiiry. No only is ho old, and feeble, and ailing, but thoro remain none of tho venomous vivacity which f.-rjuently nceom panics advanced years, ospociully in clmrclnnoii, and no unfrequontly in laymen too, particularly if thoy bo law ycrs, as in tho cuso both of Lyndhurst aud Brougham Exotor is now closo upon eighty, having passed througl one ol'tho most turbulent careers in our clerical histor)' from tho days of Suchovoroll to thoso of tho Canoi of Chester inclusivo, tho abilities of all tlirei being scarcely mediocre, and consisting mainly ii au aptitude for making a noiso with other mon's thunder Perhaps thoro is no person in tho Peers whoso presence especially when making n sot speech, is more suggestive of varied rcllection than tho nnco boisterous bishop jus now ; for ho is, or ut least long was, tho very embodi- ment of everything most objectionable in a prelate ; ami worse than all, it has ever been impossible to ussocintc tho iden of sincerity with any of his excesses, in cithoi extreme, for of opinion ho lins " boxed tho whole com- pass right through." Dut, in all his mutations, faithful has ho ever been to the cardinal point of tho interest ol Number Ono, justifying in his old ago, as ho did in his primo, Moore's merriment touching his proposed june tion with M'Halo, for resisting oil lay invasion of tem- poralities, namely, Seeing how fond you of Tuum must be, While Meum's at all times tho main point with me, We scarce could do better than form an alliance To set these sad Anti-Church times at defiance :— You, John, recollect, being still to embark. With no share in the firm but your title and mark : And even should you feel in your grandeur inclined To call yourself Pope, why I shouldn't much mind ; While my church as usual holds fast by your Tuum, And every one else's, to make it all Suum. AVhon this was written Puseyisin was unknown ; but tho Bishop's bearing on that question has been a port ol his conduct in every other case, and us such destructive ol' the respect that should attach to his garb and years. Thoughts of this kind seemed to bo uppermost in tho minds of most hearers last night, whilo ho spoke to nu audience attentive and oven alarmed about tho subject, but yet iiulill'erciil to tho advocate of tho very views they were cunmoured of. Everybody felt relieved when ho finished ; mid though it wns siiHioiontly startling to hear the Lord Chancellor mid thu Loni Chief Justice declare that Church-rates woro not nu integral portion of tho British Constitution, mid that thc sun of England's glory would not forthwith sot in disaster if thoy wer« abolished, it was quito a treat when tho debnto diverged into hides and tallow, Baltic staves and Muscovy pigs' bristles, on thc motion of Albennarle, respecting tho blockade. By tho timo tho Lords adjourned, tho Commons had reached tho crisis of a most untoward com- motion. Tho House wns very full in tho ' early part of tho evening, not in expectancy of what did happen, but what did not happen, namely, n division on tho bil) for permitting tho London mid North, western lluilwny to carry leltora mid pnrcols, hut not cattle, except members of Parliament, between London und Dublin. To support and oppose this proposition tho friends and enemies of tho company hud boon whip- ping and spurring for eight or ten days continuously, so that nt four o'clock yesterday tho' lobby presented the aspect it used to wear in tho Hitdsoniitii days of stag felicity, and during tho battle of tho gouges. Tho lawyers, of course, scenting their pray from afar, had hurried apparently from ovory habitable spot of earth between tho Orkney Island and tho Eddystone Light- house, and mustered in sufficient forco to givo ono tho notion that tho wholo cinpiro would bo locked up in n Jnyrndicc Chnnceiy case whilo sixpence of the interest on tho National Debt should bo recoverable. All tho runnors in tho House lind boen engaged in delivering " statements of facts," pro. and con ; tho fuels pro. being proved to bo fictions con. by tho other side. In this foolscap fight the opposition seemed to have had tho best of it, one batch of potential arguments being issued at tho last minute endorsed B. J. Thomson, Livorpool, and another endorsed Theodora Marlin, tho Parlia- mentary agent, who, ns tho Bon Gaultier of literature, might huvo put thc data in quizzical couplets, und have nt least a laugh nt his antagonists. However, nil ibo preparations for resistance carno lo nothing. Although it was commonly understood that Ministers intended to vote against, the hill, tho knowledge that the Irish mem- bers almost to a mun would support it, seems to huvo inllueticcd our squeezable Cnbinot considerably: und when both Bright mid Munt/, spoke strongly in favour of the measure, and there could not well bo a doubt what way n majority of independent voices would go, tho Treasury acquiesced through Bouverie, tho new Vico President ol'tho Board of Trado, the second reading wns curried oven without n division. Tho only reiuarkublo speech in tho brief debate was Cardwell's, which proved both sides of tho question to bo perfectly right and wrong, and loft tho listenors in impenetrable obscurity as to thu opinion of the speaker himself. There could not havo boon loss than .100 members prosont, fully four timos ns ninny ns had attended to tho Budget Hint night week. And this for a railway bill I Surely tho sonso of responsibility is strong upon our representatives in this crisis of tho nation's paril ; and tho lato respected Nicholas wasn't far wrong in his estímalo of tho parochial Paladins who undertook to crumple him up Uko a scrap of paper, but haven't dono it just yet. Tho whisper that Ibero was a breeza in tho wind kept tho Parliamentary crowd from dispersing, us is generally tho cuso on such occasions as thoso public " whips" for prívalo purposes. Tho first intimation of what wns coming wns convoyed in tho marked lono and significant reception of Layard's "Btntoof Ibo nat iou" notice of motion. Its terms nro in subslnnco almost identical with that to bo moved ut tho great city meeting this day week, in inaugurating that Administrativo deform Asso- ciation ol'which tho outline was given in this ourrespou denco throe or four weeks ngo. Whether Luynrd is tho distinctly authorised mouthpieco ol' the secret bends ol' that society, or flint his motion und theirs is morely a singular coincidence, it is dilllciilt In say; but Ibo former must assuredly bo the caso if wo may judgo from tho pointed allusion of Palmerston ns to "falso and calum- nious charges coming through tho mouther for Ayles- bury ." It is evorywhero believed in tho city that Luynrd is tito limn thus meant, or nt lenst ono of Hmm; for Laing, Lowe, and Lindsay nro understood to ho allied with liiin ns thu legislativo exponents nf nit out-of-door agitation tho most momentous that hus been enternd upon sinco tho Itavolutinn, armed, ns it is, with an amount ol' monetary means, practical ability, personal itilliionco, and an organized stud' ndeqniito to oH'eot vast and immedin!* results, and ulfordhig tho country its only chanco of escape from swift and inevitable ruin. All hus hoon matured, us wns long ago stilted hero, in Ibo neighbour- hood of St. Swithin's-lune, mid it won't bo tho fiiult ol' tho powers in Hint region if tho ilelugo ho not stayed yet awhile, or nt least an ark found for thoso amongst us who will luke timely means to bo saved. However, without discussing tho probabilities ol'collusiveness bel ween tho mon nf the littst and the Haslem mau in this mutier, it is enough Hint his notice fired tho wrath of tho Premier to tho oxplosivo point, mid called forth a stronger evi- dence of loinpor than the oldest observer of tho .Iuvenile Whig cnn remember. Tho charges in Luynrd's Liverpool speech this day week were eertniiily shown tn hit circuin sliiuliidly incorrect as npplicd lo tho individuals in ques- tion ; and on tho technical merits ol' tho muller ho was rightly condemned, though in tim iiislanco ol' Major Ewart, Ibero is no doubt that his words worn Ino hastily construed, and admitted ol' tho iiiod'cnsivo monning he subsequently assigned to them. But instead of deprecating censuro ho defied it; and instead of apologizing for his nitiineity, ho proclaimed his détermination to rend Ibo veil nf delicacy tn tailors, ami exhibit oJlieiul jobbery, rutitino roguery, und nepotism, mid fuvouritsni ol' every kind in nveiy quarter, in all their stark hideousness In the general I gnze. This maddened the hosts of professionals ol' avery guido throughout tho 1 louse, und they bayed at. him in ii strain siilllcienl. lo affright Hm ghost of NVbueliudiiozzur, tho expenditure nf " virtuous indignation" being tho most extravagant by far that hus yet linen wlltionsed in tho new Houses of Piiriinmunt, Seeing tho tune ol' tho Houso,"rulinnr.ston ministered to it with tho calculating prodigality ho hits ovor dono to every dominant projudtoo throughout his threescore yours of official toadying, fron» tho cant ot' Conservatism in tito days of tho Holy Aniline* and tito Six Auls, to tho um it of Domouruoy in tho bottle holding spnoch to tito Marylebone delegates/.in favour of tho oppressed nationalitios. It was a groat opportunity for crushing thu mast dangerous mau living, and he used it unsparingly. Hut to tho purpose. Tho House ! of Couinions is not wiiat it was, and Bayard is not i tho sort of man whoso position in tho country depends upon his position thoro. Tho noblo Lord had most bitter personal oxperioneo of this truism on Monduy night, when ho himself was hooted and decidedly laughed mid scoffed at far worse than Luyiird was last night, because moro olfonsivoly and disdainfully. Why? Because ho lias coasod to hold in tho country tho position he has hitherto occupied, and tho House of Commons, like all crowds, cowardly to its fallen pots, rovongod its own humiliation on him. Had ho been tho man hu was, had' ho kept up tho delusion of being behoved to bo tho niau lie pretended, he might have named whom ho liked, or prevented tho miming of whom ho disliked on tho Sobas tojiol Committee, with perfect impunity. But tho country hud discovered he was a sham, and the Houso of Com- mons soon after found out that it was« indecent mut degrading to bo befooled by tho grave impostura und ilroaiy pleasantry ho tried to practico upon them in that nomination. Accordingly they treated him to one of those zoological entertainments that wero supposed to have boen buried in tba traditions of the old Houso mid thc revival of which must havo given ]'. a reminder of tho days of tho grandfathers of tho present members.' There was mowing, and cook-erowing, and braying, and grunt- ing, mid sounds that no orthography could givo a namo to, or typo put in print; and it is ouly to .bo rogrettud that our Imperial guest of last week was not present to enjoy it, which ho would have dono with double gusto on tho Rochefoucauld principle of its being nt the expenso of a particular i'riond, and. that fiimd 1'nlmerston. For the first timo probably in his wholo lifo thc noblo Lord was completely taken aback. Livid with mortifica tion, ha tried to laugh oil' his discomtituro nt the outset; but tile Houso refused to laugh with,. mid would only laugh nt him-laugh with"malice aforethought, and tho most obvious determination to torturo ami abase him. Horo was a pretty predicament for tho foremost mun in tho, empira at 7H !-tho unparagonod Piilinorston tho butt and tho turgot of the objurgations of tho Commons of England. " Why did you hoot him ?" asked_ your Correspondant of a hitherto most Ministerial ALP. in tho lobby nftor tho scono wns over. " Humbug 1" said tho senator, leaving tho questioner to determine whether it was tho Preinior or tho trentment of that functionary which was rightly designated by tho epithet ; but pro bnlily the reader will have as little difficulty as the writer in drawing tho exact inference. 