REPORT, LAID BEFORE THE MORETON BAY ABORIGINES' FRIENDS SOCIETY, OF A JOURNEY ALONG THE CONDAMINE, BARWAN, AND NAMOI RIVERS, BY WILLIAM RIDLEY, MISSIONARY. [THE important news from Europe has set aside this report for several days. In publishing it we have much pleasure in bearing testimony to the zeal and per- severance with which Mr. Ridley has prosecuted his arduous labours.] A public meeting of the Moreton Bay Aborigines' Friends Society was held in the Brisbane School of Arts, on Wednesday evening, 21st November, 1855. The attendance was numerous. The chair was taken by Mr. D. R. Somerset, of Bris- bane, the treasurer of this society. The Rev. A. W. Sinclair opened the meeting with a psalm, scripture, and prayer. The Rev. W. Ridley read the report of his late tour among the aborigines in the West. After which It was moved by the Rev. N. Turner, seconded by the Rev. Charles Smith, and carried unanimously, "That the report now read be adopted by this society." Moved by the Rev. THOMAS BELL, seconded by Mr. JAMES SPENCE, and carried:- "That the report now read be sent to the editors of the Sydney Herald and Empire newspapers, with a request to publish it therein ; and be also published in a separate form, to be forwarded on behalf of this society to various Christian communities in, this land and in Britain." Moved by the Rev. W. J. K. PIDDINGTON, seconded by Mr. GRIMES, and carried:—"That this meeting record their solemn conviction of the duty devolving on the Christian colonists of Australia, to make known the Gospel to the aborigines of the land." Report laid, before the Moreton Bay Aborigines' Friends Society, on Wednesday, November 21st, 1855, by William Ridley, missionary:— The objects of this journey were to ascertain how far in the interior the "Turrubul" dialect used in Brisbane is understood by the aborigines; to learn what dialects are spoken along the Condamine, espe- cially to find where "Kamilaroi," the language of the Namoi, begins to be spoken; and, of course, to de- clare the glad tidings of salvation wherever it was practicable. "I left Brisbane on Saturday, 21st July last. The next day, after preaching to the colonists at Moggil, on the Brisbane River (fifteen miles above this town), addressed about thirty aborigines, who were en- camped there, in Turrubul, which they understood. As most of the aborigines are quick at learning the letters (though they have no alphabet of their own), I prepare and distribute among them, whenever I visit them, small spelling-books or tracts, containing their own words in English characters. These tracts con- tain a brief statement of creation, of man's sin, of God's anger at sin, and of Christ's interposition on behalf of sinners. The name Immanuel is used, be- cause few aborigines can sound the letter S, while a word ending in a liquid, having indeed no consonant but liquids, is quite in accordance with the smooth sound of their usual speech; and because Immanuel is a word which I can literally translate into the aboriginal language, as I could not at present do with the names "Jesus" and "Christ." ["ngeane kunda Baime," in Kamilaroi, means "with us God."] I prepared and distributed at Moggil six tracts in "Turrubul." On the road to Warwick, on the 26th, I met an aboriginal native of the Hunter River district, who had been to Scotland. He speaks both English and Gaelic with great accuracy and fluency; and can read and write the former but he said he had forgotten his mother-tongue. The few blacks I met at Warwick and on Canning Downs understood the Brisbane dialect, and have the same family names as those on the coast of Moreton Bay. There are generally as many as forty about that quarter, the head of the Condamine, but I could not fall in with more than eight. From Killarney, a flourishing wheat farm on the head of the Condamine, I followed the course of that river for 450 miles, going almost in a semicircle north, then west, then south. On the Darling Downs, through which the Conda- mine flows for 100 miles, I saw very few aborigines; and most of those few spoke dialects with which I was unacquainted. But on Western Creek, the head of the Weir, which rises within 12 miles of the Conda- mine, I found some who spoke "Kamilaroi," and bore the family names used on the Namoi, 200 miles to the southward. The family or clan names at Moreton Bay are "Bundar," "Bandur," "Barang," and "Derwain," with the corresponding feminine names, "Bundarun," "Bandurun," "Barangun," and "Derwaingun;" every aboriginal native of Moreton Bay bears one of these names; all brothers have the same, and all sisters have a name corresponding to their brothers, the sisters of "Bundar" being all "Bundarun," and so on. The names of the Kamilaroi speaking blacks and surrounding tribes are "Ippai," "Murri," "Kubbi," "Kumbo," and the feminine names "Ippata," "Mata," "Kapota," "Buta." These names are the means of a comprehensive classification of the people, on which are based definite and unalterable rules of marriage and descent. One cannot help thinking that this classification, and the laws based upon it, were the invention of sagacious and comparatively civilised men among the remote forefathers of this savage race. The blacks at Western Creek were shy, and at first pretended not to understand the dialect in which I spoke to them; but a word of Kamilaroi which I used having offended the chief man among them, he answered me angrily in the same language, and thus gave me the information I was seeking. Though they could speak Kamilaroi, their proper language is "pikumbul" (peekumble), a dialect in which some few words are the same as in that of Brisbane, and some the same as in Kamilaroi. At Warrawarra, 100 miles northward from War- wick, I met in a party of ten blackfellows, three who had been on the Namoi, and conversed with me in the language used there. At several stations along the river I met aborigines who had a few words in common with the language I had previously learnt on the Namoi: but found very few who understood that language till I came to Surat, 300 miles down the river from Warwick. At Surat and Yambukal, a mile down, I found twenty-five aborigines who understood Kamilaroi, and after a time became attentive and communicative. Two young blackfellows began in earnest to learn to read the tracts which I prepared and illustrated with paintings for them. As they had been taught by the stockmen to distinguish the brands of cattle, they were the more ready at learning the letters. And when, after a few mistakes, they found themselves able to distinguish correctly one letter from another, it was pleasing to observe the glow of satis- faction expressed in their countenances. 20th August.—Left Surat, accompanied by two black policemen, whom Lieutenant Fulford kindly sent to attend me down the river, there being 70 miles without any inhabited station, where it is not con- sidered safe to travel unprotected. We arrived early that day at Wiraburn, 15 miles below Surat, where a dozen aborigines having heard that a white man was coming who could speak their language, came up to the hut as soon as they saw me, and listened very attentively to my discourse. Among this party was a greyheaded blind man. Al- though the lot of a blind savage might be deemed cheerless, this old man's countenance, bright with smiles, seemed as if no evil passions or melan- choly ever beclouded it. Both his own kindred and the white men at the station pay kind attention to his wants, and he is easily pleased. It happened that while I was near him he called to his people to guide him to their camp, and as no one of them noticed him, I took one end of the old spear which they use in lead- ing him, and, handing him the other end, guided him thither. The old man laughed heartily, shouted to his friends to see the white stranger leading him, and warmly thanked me with his repeated "Murruba inda" (Good are you) for this little attention. The next day we came a long journey to a deserted hut, Warru. As one of my guards was from the Mur- rumbidgee, and the other from the Dawson, I could not converse with them in any Australian dialect, but they were pretty well acquainted with English; and I spent the evening in attempting to ex- plain to them the elements of gospel truth. When, after speaking of the acension of the Redeemer, I said, "he will come again," one of them instantly asked, "when will he come?" Another long days ride brought us to Bulgora. The presence of the police may have been a necessary safe- guard at Warru, but their appearance very much interfered with my object at Bulgora, by striking terror into the hearts of the unoffending blacks there. It was some time before they could be persuaded that one who came attended by a policeman had no hostile intention. But the next day, the men in charge of the station, who are good friends to their black neigh- bours, having come home, and the police being gone, I found them much more accessible. There were about 40 aborigines there. Their native dialect is Uolaroi; and that being very much like Kamilaroi, they understood and conversed with me in the latter. The suffix -aroi in these names signifies possession, like our suffix -ful ; and "uol" and "kamil" mean "no" in these dialects respectively. Most of the dialects of the interior with which I am at all acquainted, are named after the negative for instance, "wiraiarai" is the dialect in which "wirai" is "no;" "wailwun" (wile-wun), that is which "wail'' is "no." By the report of a lecture by Mr. Parker, M.L.C., of Victoria, we are informed that in that part of Australia also, the dialects are named after the negative. In one dialect, however, "pikumbul," spoken on the Weir, the affirmative "pika" (yes) gives a name to the dialect. This is just as it was in France, where "Langue d'oc" and "Langue d'oui" were the two dialects in which "oc" and " oui" respectively were the affir- matives. The French have preserved the name of one dialect on their map, and the substance of the other in their modern speech. Some of the aborigines I met at Bulgora speak Kogai or Kogurre (that is Ko speech), the language spoken on the Maranoa and over a large extent of country westward of the Condamine. It bears very little resemblance to either of the dialects with which I am acquainted; yet there are connecting points. The pronouns ngai, nginda (I, thou) are the same in Kogai as in Kamilaroi, and the mode of forming the feminine of names by adding un or gun (answering to our as and ess in princess and authoress) is the same in Kogai as in the Brisbane language. The river, which higher up bears the name Conda- nime (in honour of M. de la Condamine, aide-de camp of Governor Darling) retains here the native name Balun (Baloon). From Surat down to Kui, 100 miles, it is a fine broad stream, abounding in fish, one spe- cies of which (the cod) frequently attains to 40 lbs. weight. The pasture about it is luxuriant, some of the trees large and shady; and numerous birds of brilliant plumage, some with melody of song, contri- bute to the gratification of the traveller. Below Kui the channel of the river is diminished; and 120 miles below Surat it divides, the Culgoa lead- ing off to the S.W., and not far down the other branch again divides into three, the Narran, Bokhara, and Balandoon; and the four channels, except in flood time, convey no stream to the Barwon, to whose deeper bed they lead. The Narran, the, principal of the four, is lost in a swamp. On the 26th August, I crossed the Culgoa, and went about ten miles below it to the lowest station on the Balun, Karawilda. Between Bulgora and Kara- wildai, that is 50 miles, I met with about 100 aborigines. Large assemblies of them are frequently seen on this river; but I did not fall in with more than 40 together. Most of those I met understood Kamilaroi; a few who had come from the westward knew only Kogai; one who spoke both these languages gave me a list of Kogai words. No minister of the gospel had ever before visited the colonists scattered along the last 200 miles of this river, which has now been occupied nine years. It is true there are but four families, and perhaps not more than 60 white people altogether along that line of 200 miles; and no one seems settled there for life, (though some have found that when they went down the Condamine it was to spend the re- mainder of life there); but surely some effort should be made by those who enjoy the privilege of regular religious instructions and ordinance to secure the occasional sounding of the gospel trumpet to the scat- tered population of fellow-colonists all along the wes- tern boundary of our colony. At present there is a very large extent of country which pastoral enter- prise has for years occupied, but to which Christian zeal has not as yet sent messengers of the glad tidings. I must say that I was received at every station on the Balun with kind hospitality, and heard with re- spectful attention. On this river the effect upon the aborigines of the occupation by European of the country was vividly presented. Before the occupation of this district by colonists the aborigines could never have been at a loss for the necessaries of life. Except in the lowest part of the river there is water in the driest season; along the banks game abounded, water fowl, emus, parrot tribes, kangaroo, and other animals might always, or almost always, be found. And if at any time these failed to supply food for the human tribe, the fish furnished a sure resource. But when the country was taken up, and herds of cattle introduced, not only did the cattle drive away the kangaroos, but those who had charge of the cattle found it necessary to keep the aborigine away from the river, as their appearance frightened the cattle in all directions. In fact it is said that while troops of aborigines roam about the runs, and especially if they go near the cattle camps and watering places, it is im- possible to keep a herd together. After some fatal conflicts, in which some colonists and many aborigines have been slain, the blacks have been awed into submission to the orders which forbid their access to the river. And what is the conse- quence? Blackfellows coming in from the west re- port that last summer very large numbers, afraid to visit the river, were crowded round a few scanty waterholes, within a day's walk of which it was im- possible to get sufficient food; that during the hottest weather the great red ants in that dry locality were so formidable that neither men nor even opossums could rest night or day, except for an hour or so at noon; that owing to these combined hardships many died. This is only blackfellows' report; but when we know that people have been cut off from four-fifths of their usual supply of food, and reduced to a scanty supply of bad water, is it an incredible report that sickness and death have fallen upon them? As might be expected, partly from the pressure of real want, partly out of anger at the interference of the white man with their prosperity, they skulk about spearing cattle. How can such evils be prevented? The squatter has a license from the Crown to occupy the country with his cattle, and unless his cattle are secure from the visits of blacks they will not stay on the run. He argues thus: "The license entitles me to make sure of the benefit to be derived from depasturing the run; and the run is useless while blacks roam over it as they please, so that the license, if worth anything, includes the right to order them away from the river." The question then arises whether it is not the duty of the Government, on assuming the ownership of the land, by granting licenses to occupy it, to see that the human beings who have been wont to get their living off the land thus taken up, have at least a supply of food provided for them equal to that of which they are deprived. To those blacks who volunteer to become servants to the occupier of the station, liberal supplies of food and clothes are generally given. But where they are as numerous as they are on the Balun, it is impossible for more than a small proportion of them to be so em- ployed; and whether they become servants to the colonists or not, surely the tribes who are deprived of their chief means of subsistance have a right to some compensation from the government which takes to itself the responsibility of owning the land, and lets it to others for purpose inconsistent with their accus- tomed free occupation of it. On the 31st August I left the Balun, and came over a dry country, thirty miles, to the Mooni Creek, at a spot called Indu Gully. Thence I proceeded down the creek to the Barwan River, and nearly one hundred miles down the Barwan to the junction of the Namoi. Between the point at which I reached the Mooni and the junction of the Namoi I visited 18 stations, at all of which I found a few resident blacks; at several as many as eight or twelve. All these speak "Kamilaroi" as their native tongue, and consequently could understand me much better than the Uolaroi tribes on the Balun. One poor fellow on the Mooni addressed me in a long and pathetic harangue on the wrongs which his people have suffered at the hands of the white man, and urged upon me, as I had been telling the blackfellows not to do evil, to go round and tell the white men not to wrong the blacks, espe- cially not to take away their wives. When I came near the junction of the Mooni with the river Barwan, at a station called Gundabului, I met two or three blacks who had seen and heard me on the Barwan in May, 1854. They remembered me, though I did not recognise them; and after asking the squatter (who had brought them on horseback to aid in a muster of cattle, and who was sending them out to a distance to watch a herd) to allow them to stay and hear me, they brought eight or nine others with them into the room where I was, that they might all hear me speak in Kamilaroi. And in their own tongue I delivered to them "this faithful saying, worthy of all acceptation, that Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners." After travelling 700 miles on ground quite new to me, and having to struggle with the shyness of aborigines to whom I was stranger, this recognition and willing audience gave me much pleasure. And in my way down the Bar- wan I found at every station the advantage of old acquaintances. The Kamilaroi spelling books, with pictures of kangaroos, &c.;, which I distributed, were apparently much prized; more than one of these blacks being already well acquainted with the English alphabet. At Burudtha, on, the Barwan, I met a company of forty blacks engaged in a ceremony in which amuse- ment was combined with some mystical purpose. A chorus of twenty, old, and young, were singing and beating time with boomerangs. Though the words and notes of their song are few, six or eight words with three or four variations of the same number of notes being repeated for hours. They observe very correct time and harmony. There were a dozen more looking on. Suddenly, from under a sheet of bark, darted a man with his body whitened by pipe clay, his head and face coloured with lines of red and yellow, and a tuft of feathers fixed by means of stick two feet above the crown of his head. He stood about twenty minutes per- fectly still, gazing upwards. An aboriginal who stood by told me he was watching for the ghost of dead blackfellows. At last he began to move slowly, and soon rushed to and fro at full speed, flourishing a branch as if to drive away some foes unseen to us. When I thought his pantomime must be almost over, ten more, similarly adorned, suddenly appeared from behind the trees, and the whole party joined in brisk conflict with their invisible assailants, The music waxed louder, as, now and then, the actors came stamping up to the choir, and at last after some rapid evolution in which they put forth all their strength, they rested from the exciting toil which they had kept up all night, and for some hours after sunrise, they seemed satisfied that the ghosts were driven away for twelve months. This is an annual custom. When their excitement had somewhat subsided, I went round to the several groups, to tell them of the only true deliverer from evil demons, and from "sin, the source of mortal woe." September 14—Left the Barwan, and came up Telaba Creek to Oreel; thence by Palan Creek to the Namoi River at Bucklebone. The remainder of this month I spent on the Namoi, where I had many favourable opportunities of address- ing both colonists and aborigines on the all- important topic of salvation. Though the number of aborigines is very much reduced since the occupation of this district, sixteen years ago, by colonists, there are still a few at almost every station; and as there are two or three stations within every ten miles, along 200 miles of the river, the aggregate is considerable. The Namoi blacks are useful, and even indispen- sable members of society; without their services in stockkeeping and shepherding, and especially at sheep washing and shearing time, the business of this district could hardly be carried on. In my way up the Namoi I met a blackfellow from the Barwan, who had several times heard me speak of religion; who, as I was passing, followed me out of hearing of his companions, and then told me that a white man on the Barwan had taken away his wife. He asked me to write and threaten the offender that I would send the constables after him, if he did not restore her, and added, as if this seemed to him the most powerful argument, "You tell him the Great Master in heaven is very angry with him about it." October 1st, went from the Namoi up one of its tri- butaries, the Mukkai. The few blacks who are left in this locality speak Uolaroi and Kamilaroi like those of the Balun. From the plains at the head of the Muk- kai, I went over the great dividing range to Murru- rundi.* In church there, on the Sabbath, I observed an aboriginal who regularly attends on the ministry of the Rev. A. Black, and has attained to some understand- ing of Christian doctrine. This man's native tongue is Kamilaroi, and he furnished me with a very important and satisfactory confirmation of a phrase I had em- ployed. One of the most important problems I had to solve in conveying the element of truth to the aborigines was, how to describe sin. After much thought, I adopted for this purpose these words—"Ngeane kanungo warawara yanani, ngeane kanungo kagil ginyi," (literally, "We all crooked have gone; we all bad have become.") When I re- peated these words to the aboriginal at Murrurundi, and asked him to tell my friend what they meant in English, he replied at once, "We all have sinned." From Murrurundi I returned northward to the Peel River, and followed that river to the Namoi. Leaving the Namoi at Gulligal, I proceeded over a mountain range northward to Lindsay, on the head of the Gwydir, where I arrived on the 19th October. F. T. Rusden, Esq., of Lindsay, has twenty abo- rigines regularly employed on his run, some of them engaged by written agreements. He spoke in high terms of their trustworthiness and use- fulness. Mr. Rusden showed me one of my printed Kamilaroi tracts which he had read to the blacks, and interlined with notes of variations in dialect. He said also that the aborigines understood the narratives, and listened with interest to them. Some years ago a man in Mr. Rusden's service having lost his way in the bush, was found by the blacks half dead with hunger and fatigue; and when they had fed and nursed him till he was strong again, they brought him to his master. I came down the Gwydir to the Bundarra, and over that river to Warialda on the 22nd. The aborigines I met at Warialda, 12 in number, speak Kamilaroi; but they were the last I met who spoke to me in that lan- guage. A day's journey north of Warialda I found blacks speaking Yukumba; and on the Macintyre, 70 miles from Warialda, Pikumbul is the prevailing lan- guage. On the 27th I reached Calandoon, on the Mac- intyre, the upper part of the Barwan. A fortnight before 360 blacks had been assembled there, chiefly natives of the Balun and Mooni. They had gone away westward again, and though I followed them 30 miles I could not come up with them. I found about 40, who are constant inhabitants of Calandoon. They could understand a good deal of my "Kamilaroi," which they proved by translating it into English; but I could not understand their "Pikumbul." The Pikumbul blacks were for some years the most determined and troublesome foes the colonists have met in this country. And though now on friendly terms with the white people, and useful in the busi- ness of the stations, they are more ferocious in their fights one with another than most of the aborigines; stabbing and maiming, and even fatal wounds are fre- quent results of their quarrels. The features of these blacks are sharper, their expression more cunning, and their bodies more slender than others. On Sabbath (28th), while I was preaching to the owners of the station and their men, the blacks assem- bled in the verandah to hear; and having seen their "masters" listening to me, were afterwards much more attentive when I tried to make them understand in Kamilaroi the import of my message. Thence I came up the Weir, a tributary of the Macintyre. At four stations thereon, met about forty blacks, all speak Pikumbul, and know something of Kamilaroi. From the head of the Weir I again crossed the Downs by Yandilla, where I found nearly a dozen blacks who speak "Paiamba," a dialect containing a few words like those of the Brisbane tribes, but which was for the most part quite strange to me. After leaving Yandilla I met but very few blacks on the way, by Drayton and Ipswich, to Brisbane, which I reached on the 13th November. Thanks and praises be to Him whose goodness and mercy has followed me throughout this long journey. Since leaving Brisbane, 21st July, I have travelled in all 1850 miles; and for 1000 miles of that distance I was among aborigines who understood "Kamilaroi," which is also the language of the Hunter River blacks for 70 or 80 miles below Murrurundi, and is, I am told, spoken at several places between the junction of the Namoi (where I turned eastward) and the Mur- rumbidgee, 300 miles south. Between Surat on the Balun, and Walgett on the Barwan, little more than 200 miles, a missionary would, I believe, in the course of a few months meet about one thousand aborigines, and would, besides, have an opportunity of preaching the Gospel to seventy or eighty colonists, who are beyond the labours of settled ministers; so that he would occupy an important field of labour. Beginning with Kamilaroi, which is spoken all along that line, he might soon acquire from some of the Balun blacks, the Kogai dialect spoken by many hundreds to the westward of the Balun. Again, along the course of the Namoi, in 250 miles, one would find over 100 aborigines all speaking Kami- laroi, engaged in the service of the squatters, and more accessible to instruction than those further west. A missionary on this line would also be able to preach to nearly 200 colonists. Also, at Calandoon, on the Macintyre, and for 60 miles along that river, and 80 miles up the Weir, some hundreds of Pikumbul-speaking blacks may be met with; and in this district a missionary would be wel- comed as a preacher of the Gospel by many colonists. So that if men suited to the work, and the neces- sary resources were forthcoming, there are three positions *This is the first name occurring in this report since Warwick that indicates anything more than a single station. The aborigines have given names to every turn of rivers, every hillock and gully; so that wherever a house is built, the spot is found to have some distinct name. which present themselves as favourable for missionary enterprise. Throughout the whole of my journey I have re- ceived, as a traveller, kind hospitality, and as a mi- nister of the Gospel courteous attention. Even those colonists who doubt the possibility of doing any good to the aborigines, express a desire for frequent visits of ministers to themselves and their countrymen. It gave me great pleasure to meet on the Downs a missionary sent out by the "Colonial Church and School Society," whose evangelic labours among a widely- scattered people will, I trust, prove abundantly effective. On comparing the field for missionary labour to which this report refers, namely the country west of the dividing range, with the coast, it is to be observed, that the aborigines are in much larger number along the coast; but their languages are spoken over a very much less extent than those of the interior. The coast blacks also are generally more ferocious than those of the in- terior. A missionary can itinerate with much more safety and find more ready access to the aborigine in the interior; but if once a stationary mission could be established near the coast, it would, on account of the numbers located within a comparatively short distance, be a more favourable position than a station in the in- terior. NOTE ON THE TRADITIONS OF THE ABORIGINES. Wherever I have conversed with aborigines I find they have definite traditions concerning supernatural beings. On the Barwan and Namoi they say there is one who made all things, whom they never saw; though they hear his voice in thunder. They speak of this being by the name "Baiame;" and those who have learnt that God is the name by which we speak of the Creator, say that "Baiame is God." Some of them say that Baiame formerly appeared to their fathers; and white man assured me that the blacks had told him of laws given by Baiame to their forefathers. But I never heard them speak of Baiame as a Ruler, nor ascribe wisdom and goodness to him. They also believe in the existence of many demons, of whom Turramullan is the chief. They say that Turramullan is the author of disease and of medical skill, of mischief, and of wisdom also; that he ap- pears in the form of a beautiful serpent at their great assemblies (boras). It is remarkable that they have everywhere applied to white men the word originally meaning "ghost," or supernatural being. At Moreton Bay "makoron'' is ghost, demon, or white fellow; a little way from here "magui" bears these meanings; and on the Barwan "wunda" stands for the same. There is in all parts of the country a traditional system of initiation into the right of manhood. Young men are not allowed to eat certain food, nor exercise other privileges, until they have passed through a series of boras. The bora is a great assembly, from which women and foreigners are excluded; at which the young men are with various mystical rites (over a great part of the country knocking out a front tooth is an essential part of the proceedings) admitted to the rank of men. Fasting and silence are part of the pre- paration for attending a bora, enforced on the young men who are to be initiated. Even aborigines who have been accustomed to associate with white men cannot be dissuaded from attendance on this hereditary custom; and youths who have been brought up among civilised men dare not neglect the mysterious rites through which their forefathers all passed. 