MR DRUMMOND ON THE PRESS. In the debate on the Stamp Act, in the House of Commons, Mr. Drummond delivered the following amusing speech : - Mr. Drummond rose under the painful sensation of holding opinions very different to those he had heard expressed on both sides of the House. He was conscious of addressing a body of the most devout idolaters (a laugh) - and he was conscious that they would not like to have their id I examined, or. to use the figure of the hon. baronet opposite (-Sir E B. Lytton), in the course of his eloquent speech, their idol was a ghost which they would not like to have looked at. It was his firm opinion that the Press, in its present state, instead of being the greatest glory and advantage to the country, was one of our greatest curses. ("Heir," and a laugh.) These speeches, these panegyrics of a free press, would have been very valiant in the days of the Tudors, or even of the Stuarts, but everybody knew that the majority of them were base adulation of a power which the speakers dare not resist and the writers in the press, who were the best judges themselves, boasted and said plainly that they were the true directors of the policy of the countryside that the gentlemen who condescended to sit on the ministerial beech and receive salaries had only been recorders of the decisions of the press. (Hear, and a laugh ) Well, the press ought to know their own business best, and for that reason he believed the Time, and three or four other newspapers of that kind, when they said that this was a personal attack on them, and that the standard of the press, such as it was, would be materially lowered he confessed he was of that opinion too. People talked of this press as being the means by which the country was instructed. No wonder, then, the country was so ill-instructed. (Laughter.) Then it was said that it was from this press we should study history, and he had been told not long ago by honorable premiers hitting above him that it was more worthwhile to read a page of the Times than to read the whole of Thucydides The truth of the matter was, that this was all cant and nonsense (a laugh) ; the press was a mercantile speculation, and nothing else. (Hear, hear.) He wanted to know why it should not be. He wanted to know why Messrs. Walter and all their families should not set up a manufactory of gossip just as well as the hon, gentleman near him should set up a manufactory of calico? (Laughter) You must suit your manufactures in different countries according to the tastes of the public. In Rome, for instance, people occupied themselves in manufacturing antiquities. Well, nobody cared much for antiquities in this country. In Munich, again, they used to carry on a great manufacture of old medals. That would not do here, either, though if somebody were to set up a manufactory of old china that might turn out a good speculation just now, (" Hear," and laughter ) Upon the whole, however, the taste of the English people was for gossip-political gossip-and political gossip of one sort or another they must have cost what it misfit. The Times seemed to him to carry on their business in this way better than any other people, and that was the reason, perhaps, why they were now attacked. It was not a varying time ago since this newspaper was set up. The first person belonging to it whom he remembered was a Mr Tucker, and then after that came a great number of very clever men, because, of course, the Water family could not carry on the whole thing themselves, and there was always a convenient, man to be 'made. seven years' barrister or some one of that stamp, who was ready to take up anything, (Laughter.) Toes > people, these barristers, reminded him a good deal of what they called on board ship a " handy Billy," (renewed laughter a man who came in upon all occasions whenever he was wanted There was Barnes, Alsager, Stirling, Delano, Morris, Lowe, and D ismt. (Laughter.) Well, why should they not write? But why was it that when you heard these gentlemen speak, '(and there was one of them in that House whom he was always delighted to hear they then never frightened or alarmed win, but on the contrary, you were always excessively amused and instructed, whereas, when they used that dreadful "We," everybody, was terrified, and looked upon them as most awful men. (Laughter.) Observe the art of this. These gentlemen were all of different opinions. Now, the foolish papers, who did not understand the matter, like the Morning Chronicle, for instance took up with some particular party. One was a Peelite ; another something else. When the Peelite party was throwing the paper throve took but when the Peelites went down, down went the paper (Laughter.) It was quite clear there were not men of business. The thing was to get a set of gentlemen of different opinions and to set them writer?. Of course, you could accuse no one man of inconsistency ; he might always have held the same opinions and so individually these writers were most consistent, whil-, collectively, nothing in the world could be more inconsistent. (Hear, hear.) It seemed to him that the very perfection of journalism was individu ii honesty, and cold cure or. fl.i«a<:y, political and literary, (" Hear," and a laugh.) There was, nevertheless, a great advantage in this, and the Times newspaper! always put him very much in mind of a bit of whom he had near a farm of his. He once thought. of draining it, and asked the opinion of" I the farmer, will replied, "No, no! don't drain' it In wet weather there's something for the. cow, and if there's nothing, for the cow there's something for the pig, and if there's nothing for the pair, there's some thing for the grosse." (Great laughter.) So it was with tlioTiWs,' if there was nothing in it for one man, there was sure to be something for another. There was however, one very great evil, which he did think the I_ou*eought-to-havo"the'manliness to contend with, and the a the present lawless system of libelling. (Hear, hear ). This was carried to a most outrageous extent, and, so fair In thinking the press better than it was, he believed, as far as his experience went, it was much worse. He never had any liquor' at times that he know of with the red i tor of a "newspaper, but hVw'ss since óHiged*to¡ go to the late Mr Perry, who had it in his power lately to ruin a friend of his. Mr. Perry had a letter in' his hand which he was to, leave i published the next, day, and the publication _ of which., rwciuliV have been most detrimental give, his friend, but, upon are questioning him not' to make it known, Mr, Perry, 'in the most liberal and gentlemanly way, promised not to publish a single word of it. He (Mr. Drummond) alert fore, always had to bear his testimony, to the kindness of Mr. Perry, and, to his behaviour upon that occasion. a few instances of the libelling 1 to which he referred were without end; they were of daily occurrence,' although people did not get to know all the cases. Fine examples, his hon. friend the member for Launceston (Mr. Percy) brought forward the other day a most grass and most circumstantial- libel upon a Dr. Meyer, who \\\\-.-\i, described as a worthies, ignorant'German, who Jcnpw nothing at all, and was merely put into onto because he flattered Prince Albert. Thh turned out to be a grossly from beginning to end. Dr. Meyer was an Jingi aphis m, back received a good English education, and had never seen Prince Albert in his life, (Hear) A circumstance happened with regard to a rotation of his own the other day. In the course of his evidence before the committee of the House of Commons Lord Lucas said that the ComiciUsariat cent at a parcel of ignorant boys, and he mentioned the name of Mr. Murphy, the son of the Bishop of Rochester. At the end of his evidence, he spoke of this same young man, and said how well he believed and how well he had fulfilled his duties. Well, the first part of this evidence was inserted next day, but the second never was, and when he (Mr. Drummond) sent by Mr. Macdonald, a message to the newspaper, saying how unfair it was they never made a single word of explanation, nor did they make any contradictions until Lord Lucan hints. If wrote to the newspapers to do so. A letter in his possession spoke of the admirable manner in which this young man had behaved, 1 how in some cases he had personally distributed the provisions in order that the men might not be kept I wailing; and, when remonstrated with for under taking so degrading an office, he replied, that the only way to receive or to impart instruction in the duties of his office was first to perform them himself, and that he was not afraid of degrading himself by showing how the subordinate duties of the office ought to be discharged. The same thing happened with regard to Lord Balgonie, against whom some aspersion was directed, and the remark was revived that our soldiers were fighting under the cold shade of the aristocracy, whereas his general said he was one of the best officers he ever had. (Hear.) Then there was the case of a friend of his whose trial he attended last year. The Times attacked him most shamefully for a long time, and upon the trial his us to cation came out, but while they published the whole of the first day's proceedings, which aggravated his offence, they never published his justification. These cases were occurring every day. (Hear.) 'The newspapers were accused of being bribed, but that seemed to him one of the most absurd charges that ever was made. Why did they set up shops except to sell their goods ? Of course they took that which happened to be the popular side of the day. They did not want to guide public opinion, they wanted to follow it and whatever the cry of the day was, they repeated it. They did this on the trial of Queen Caroline. The Times first advocated one side, and then finding that the mob, who were not inclined to argue the merits of the case, took the woman's side, round went the Times and took the woman's side too. (Laughter.) Well, there was no harm in that. The only harm in it was that people were apt to fancy that this paper was the guide and teacher of the public At the same time they hated it and they hated it the more because it was the very best of its kind. As to the bribery of newspapers there was positive proof respecting the Times, of which Napoleon said, " You have sent me the Times, that infamous Times, the journal of the Bourbons and it was stated in a work by Mr. O'Meara that 6000. had been paid for the supply of 100 copies a month. He had found the receipt for the money, signed by the editor. Mr. O'Meara also stated that several offers had been received from the editors of newspapers, and among others from the Times, to write for Napoleon before he went to Elba. Napoleon declined to accept the offer made to him, but afterwards regretted the course he took, observing that he would not have been so hated by the English people had he accepted the offers made to him, for in England the newspapers forced public opinion.- The real evil of these newspapers was their insolence of language. They used language which they would never think of using if it did not suit their purpose if they did not find Ministers tremble before them (near, hear) and if they did not find Ministers not ruling the country, and governing the country, but suffering themselves to be driven into war by the language of The Times. (Hear, hear.) The Times the other day remarked, in reference to a remark of the honourable member for Manchester (Mr. Bright), " "If he means to intimate that notwithstanding injustice we are successful, he is certainly right. We are so, and, as long as we discharge the duties which the empire and the world expect at our hands, we trust to continue so." That was all very good ; but then came another passage in which the Times offered an opinion upon the present state of affairs in the Crimea : " The position of the allied army is precisely' one of which a bold and original military genius might take advantage to retrieve the fortunes of the campaign." Such an opinion would scarcely be given by any number of layers in Lincoln's inn : but, nevertheless, it was volunteered by the lawyers of Printing House Square. (A laugh.) The whole thing was absurd. In short the Times said, with the old sign of the public-house on the road to Acton We are the old magpie on the right The other has set up in spite." (Laughter.) We may chatter black one day and white another ; the have the only right to chatter and we are the only teachers of the world and the empire. (Laughter.) 