\- MISCELLANEOUS. Lord Dpxdoxalds Plax.— Tue Earl ot Dundonald lias addressed the following letter to the editor of the Times :—" It appears, in reply to a question put for the fourth time iu the House of Commons (on the 6th July), that ' my plaus were referred to a committee, and were so very obvious that they required no ex planation from Lord Dundonald to render them perfectly intelligiblebut whether this facility of comprehension proceeded from circumstances compatible with their practicability and effi ciency, or from their being manifestly absurd and beneath notice, does not appear. Thus the reply is another instance of the oracular mode of elucidating official questions of vast national importance. It seems quite useless longer to occupy public attention by con tending against such enigmatical modes of proceeding, or to offer professional hints to unprofessional authority; but it may be well to prepare the public mind for the con sequences of (a rare occurence) a naval strata gem, wliich will not tail to be put into practice, in order to defeat the long-threatened bombard ment of Oronstadt—namely, by an ambush of numerous row-galleys, held in readines to pull round the eastern end of the island, and attack the battering vessels in the flank. To counter act the effect of such superior force 1 assert that there is no adequate means unless by the employment of my plan to the full extent of their powers. Our gunboats, fitted with high pressure boilers,cannot make a protracted resis tance. Desirous as I am to promote the success of Her Majesty's arms and the interests of our country, I feel that it wouldbc acruel injustice to me Were I compelled to submit to the execution of my plans being transferred to other officers, especially after having kept them secret for 40 years in the hope to have that personal honour. I cannot, therefore, cred t a rumour in circula tion that it is contemplated to use the protec tive innocuous portion of my plans, under the , plea tliat it has been offered by some other per son, which may well be, considering the publi city which has been forced upon me. Indeed, I should not be surprised to learn that similar communications have reached St. Petersburg." Gkxeral Simpsox.—This General is a native of Roxburghshire and was, until lately, the proprietor of the pretty little estate of Teriot bank, near Hawick, as also was his late father. His grandfather was misister of the parish of Wilton; and many remember bis uncle, the colleague of the late Dr. Brunton, of the Tron Church, Edinburgh. He is married to a daughter of the late Sir Robert Dundas, of Duneira. He commanded the 29th Regiment during the greater part of its serrices in Mauritius, and was succeeded by Lieutenant Colonel Wrottesley, who commanded the ""Worcestershire Heroes," as tliat regiment was denominated, up to the time of its em barkation for Calcutta in 1841. General Simp son was much beloved in the 29th, and universal regret was expressed by the officers and men on the occasion of liis leaving them. From the time of the arrival of the regiment from Port Louis it had seen considerable home ser vice, having first left Plymouth in divisions for Bristol and Newport during the riots in South Wales. The first division received its orders to march at midnight, and when the head-quarters arrived at Bristol the meu were placed in billets, and, notwithstanding the temptations tliat are held out to soldiers in such a situation, the defaulters in the 29th averaged three. The regiment was exceedingly strong; there was a splendid band, with five blackfellows as time- beaters, and being most picturesquely dressed they commanded uni versal attention. After remaining in New port and Bristol for some time the regiment proceeded to Woolwich, thence to Edinburgh, in the Apollo, troop-ship ; afterwards to Glasgow and Belfast, from which latter place they were conveyed to Gravesend, and next to Calcutta, on the receipt of the news relating to the destruction of the 41th Regiment in the Ehyber Pass, by the Affghans. The regiment was next engaged against Shere Singb, and was actively employed in the campaigns of Ferozeshah, Sobraon, Punjaub, CJiillianwallah, aud Goojarat, in all of which they exhibited the greatest daring and gallantry. The present Lieutenant-Colonel, Sir George Congreve, C.B., went out as captain; he was wounded in the campaign, promoted, and knighted with C.B. Few now survive the memorable battles above named ; but the regiment still preserves intact its original spirit, and every man who went out was desirous of emulating their predecessors at lloleia, Tiiniera, Talavera, and Albuera, and they at all times displayed the discipline and good order infused into them by General Simpson, the present Commander-in-Chief of the British forces in the Crimea. Recruiting in the United States.—In New York, Philadelphia, Boston, it is all the same. The recruiting-sergeant no sooner shows liis head aud rattles his bounty-money than a squad of police is upon him, aud he stands committed. In these days of dereliction from duty, it is striking and refreshing to note these evidences of vigilance. We live among sham reforms; there are sham shuttiugs-up and put • tmgs-down of grog-shops; there are sham attacks upon gamblers; sham onslaughts upon strolling courtesans: sham suppressions of lot tery policy offices; but in this anxious, inces sant pursuit of the " allied" recruiting officers there is no sham whatever. There is a zest and animus about it that bespeak a profounder interest among the pursuers tliau is usually found to proceed from an unadulterated regard for public good. You may people the Ever glades with Filibusters ; you may enliven the banks of Rio Bravo with pugnacious adherents of Caravajal; Missourians, armed to the teeth with knives, and to the throat with whisky, may, after a month's notice, invade Kansas, and not a detective or preventive police show itself. Its eyes and its energies are all spent in the service of Russia. There is hardly a ghost of a chance discovered of getting off a full company to aid in the conquest of Sebas topol before the authorities are on the alert, and the enterprising Sergeants Kite laid by the beels. You may do anything in a business way easier than swell the ranks of the allies upon contract. While there will he general I satisfaction at the prompt action taken in these ' cases, it is for the curious reader to satisfy himself how it may be explained. With ail the pretended tendency of the American senti ment to the Russian side of the question, there is certainly too little fervour in it to account for this laborious vigilance in its interest; and, somehow or other, there is a general feeling of satisfaction whenever the allies gain ground in the fight. A long purse at St. Petersburg, and a shrewd agency here, will naturally occur to many as affording a solution ; and, though we are by no means prone to aeeept this easy method of accounting for such proceedings, it will undoubtedly be widely received as satis factory. It may be that this extraordinary vigilance on the part of the Government agents is part of their recent system of preserving the perfect neutrality of this country and enforcing the laws for its observance. We sliall be glad to believe that this is the true explanation, and hope the policy thus adopted may be impar tially carried out.—Yew Yorlc Times. American Ships toe the Czae.—About two years ago a Danish naval officer, Captain .Moller, went to New York, as agent for the Russian Government, to engage American ship builders to send in drawings and plans, as the Czar intended having a number of large ships of war built in the United States. Among others, Captain Moller applied to the eminent sliipowner and builder, Mr. Vanderbilt, who resolved to go over to St Petersburg himself and pay his personal respects to the Emperor. This led to the femous expedition, of the North Star, which Mr. Vanderbilt fitted out as a private yacht, and in which., as will be in the recollection of our readers, he visited, in the company of a select number of his friends, not only St. Petersburg and the north of Europe, but iiiade a cruise up the Mediterranean, and proceeded as far as Constantinople before re turning to America. Mr. Vanderbilt, on ar riving at St. Petersburg, was informed that the Russian Admiralty only intended to cuter into contracts for screw 6tearaers. As soon as Captain Moller heard that Mr. Vanderbilt had not succeeded in making a contract with the Russian Government he applied to another New York shipbuilder, and made him similar offers. This gentleman went to St. Petersburg, and in sis weeks returned with a contract in his pocket for a screw Sl-gun ship of the first class. The keel of this vessel was laid in the presence of three Russian naval officers, who had been previously sent to the United States for that aud other business, and the ship is now being completed. According to the conditions of the contract, the shipbuilder engaged to de liver the vessel fully rigged, coppered, aud equipped—with the exception of the guns—free at Cronstadt in the course of this summer, and is moreover bound to load her with the timber, ready cut aud prepared, necessary to build a second vessel of the same class aud similar size, to be put together in the Russian arsenals. Tile price stipulated for the 81-gun ship is SS 10,000—being just at the rate of $10,000 per gun—of wbicli $100,000 wero paid when the keel was laid down, and ?320,000 have been lately paid in bills on London and Amsterdam. The other half of the purchase sum, as well as the amount of the timber for the second ship, is to be paid on delivery of the vessel at Cron stadt. JIow the contractor proposes to elude the vigilance of the British fleet now in the Baltic is unknown. However easily he may succeed in mystifying the British Consul in America, aud making him believe her to be a common merchant ship, there is every rfcasou to hope and believe that the British naval officers in the Baltic will not be so easily de ceived, and that Brother Jonathan will not be able to chuckle at having been "too wideawake for the Britishers," as in the case of the Miuie rifles and the revolvers landed this spring at Baltic ports from the American ship Sauimy AppletOll. Monster Mortars for the Baltic.— Lloyd's London Newspaper of July 8th says —" Wc learn that the ordnance arc just now preparing artillery, more especially mortars, upon a prodigious scale, some to carry shells as large as the huge stone balls used by the Turks at the siege of Rhodes. "We mention the fact, because no enemy can take advantage of the information, as the missiles of which we speak must defy resistance. As we are in formed, the morlier monstre, which by two dis charges, or three at most, reduced the pre viously impregnable citadel of Antwerp, was a babe to those of which we speak—their range is calculated at five miles. We presume that Cronstadt is to have the benefit of their first experiments^ Tliis is going to work in the right way." Buoying- the Channels to the Sea of Azoff.—The credit of buoying the channels past Yenikale into the Sea of Azoff having been bestowed where it is not due, it is right to state, wliich we do on the authority of an officer of the Miranda, that the important service in question was performed by the master of that ship, Mr. George Williams. | He achieved it on tlie morning of tlie 2otli of May, with indefatigable energy and perseve rance, in the face of the enemy's fire from the batteries on the Tcheska-spit, which he passed, and, overcoming every obstacle, succeeded in buoying a channel of 16 feet into the Sea of Azoff. It will be recollected that he took the ship up to Kola, a river 32 miles long, having to sound constantly the whole distance. Dreadful Fires at Constantinople.— Constantinople has lately been visited by some most destructive fires. A few weeks since the yali or villa of Ahmed Fethi Pasha, the brother- in-law of the Sultan, was destroyed, and now the city of Stamboul itself, and the dwellings of more humble Ottomans, have been visited by a painful calamity. Two days since a con- flagration broke out at Akserai. From half- past 11 in the morning until nearly night, the city was overhung with a thick cloud, which the strong south wind seemed only to make thicker by rousing the flames, and indeed, with a wooden town, a long season of dry weather, and a strong wind, it would be difficult for the most skilful firemen, aided by the best ma- chines, to make head against a conflagration. On the present occasion no less than 1,000 houses and many shops were destroyed. Ratio of Deaths in War.— A paper by W. B. Hodge, on the mortality arising from the naval operations, read at the Statistical Society last week, shows us that in past wars, between 1793 and 1815, the annual ratio of deaths by hostile engagements was but three on mean strength of 1,000 ; while by wrecks or burning it was only six. Again, it would appear that upon the whole naval force between 1780 and 1782 in the West Indian fleet— a very fatal time and position— the casualties in action on a mean strength of 1,000 were but 21 ; the loss by shipwreck, 54 ; and by disease and ordinary accidents, 55 ; while on the whole naval force from 1810 to 1812 the loss by casualties in action was 1.9 ; by shipwreck, 7.3 ; by disease and ordinary incidents, 35.3. Killed and Disabled General Officers.— Since the commencement of the war in the east the British army has lost the services of at least 22 general officers. The following is a list of their names, arranged chronologically :— Tilden ... ... Died of cholera. De Ros ... ... Killed at Inkermann. Cathcart ... Do. Goldie ... Do. Strangways ... Do. Torrens ... Wounded at Inkermann. Adams ... Do. died at Scutari. De Lacy Evans ... In England, on sick leave. Duke of Cambridge ... Do. Bentinck ... Do. Buller ... Do. Lucan ... Recalled. Cardigan ... At home, on sick leave. Scarlett ... Do. Burgoyne ... Do. Estcourt ... Died of cholera. Campbell ... Killed in the attack on the Malakhoff. Pennefather ... Gone home, on sick leave. Brown ... Do. Eyre ... Leg amputated. Codrington ... On sick leave. Raglan ... Died of cholera. Since the war with Russia a new kind of domestic fowl has been introduced into England from the Black Sea, and is likely to prove a formidable rival to the Shanghae and Cochin Cliina. It is quite as large as the barn-door fowl ; is crested; has feathered legs ; its colour is generally all white or black— when the latter, of a raven hue, and glossy. This bird is pugnacious, and its movements are very lively. Its most distinguishing peculiarity is, however, in the arrangement of the tail feathers. These are very few, and do not project as in other birds, but drop down and lie close to the body, so that the creature appears tailless, and when its head is erect it scarcely has the appearance of a bird. Advices from Galatz affirm that the Russians have placed the mouths of the Fruth aud the Danube in an excellent state of defence; and that at the mouth of the Sulina the Russians had formed two strongly entrenched camps. The telegraph wire is in operation between Odessa and St. Petersburg, and that from Nicolaeff to Sebastopol will be completed in a short time. New Breech-loading Rifle.— On the 30th June (says the Observer) we were present at a trial made before several scientific and practical judges of the breech-loading rifle alluded to some weeks since by Lord Hardinge, when under examination by Mr. Roebuck's Committee. His Lordship then said " that he thought a transition was taking place in the construction of firearms. He had recently seen a rifle that was loaded at the breech more easily and fired with greater facility than any other that had ever been submitted to his notice. The rifle in question was the invention of Mr. Prince. We will now enumerate some of the advantages of this rifle. It can be loaded and fired with perfect ease and security seven times in a minute. A simple movement with the right hand effects the opening of the breech, the placing within it the cartridge, the closing of it again, and the capping and cocking of the piece. This movement is so simple, that any soldier can acquire and practice it unerringly in a few minutes. There is not the slightest escape of gas or flame at the junction of the barrel and breech. It is not necessary to bite the cartridge, as the powder in it is ignited by the flame of the cap. The musket was discharged yesterday 120 times and never missed or hung fire, and Mr. Prince assured us that, though repeatedly fired by him at Enfield and elsewhere during the last fortnight, no misfire took place in the interval. We have seen the authenticated diagrams showing the shooting of a carbine on the same breech-loading principle, and with a barrel only two feet in length, and its practice then was equally effective, as not a single random shot or misfire out of nearly 200 discharges occurred. In truth, the last shot fired was as close to the mark as the first— a positive proof that no injurious expansion at the breech took place during its long triaL The practice yesterday was at distances of 300 and 200 yards at a target six feet in diameter. Thirty shots were fired at the longer and 90 at the shorter distance. Not one missed the target ; and a circle of two feet in diameter would have enclosed the marks made by nearly all the bullets fired. The Hornsey Wood rifle grounds do not permit, a longer range than the above, otherwise the rifle would have been tried at longer distances. The practice made by the carbine and rifle at Woolwich and Enfield was unerring at 500 yards, and the rifle can be used at three times the distance with good effect. We may here mention that the rifle used yesterday was the new regulation one furnished by the Government to Mr. Prince to be altered on his principle. The same may be said of the carbine. The expense of altering to this new breech-loading principle the regulation rifles and carbines now used by our infantry and cavalry is comparatively trifling, whilst they are not convertible on any other known principle. Making new arms on Mr. Prince's principle would hardly entail more expense than their present construction does. All the disinterested gunmakers that have seen it pronounce it the best yet made, and completely adapted for the soldier's use, on account of its simplicity. We feel with Lord Hardinge that a transition in firearms is taking place, and that it will consist in the substitution of breech-loading barrels for those now loaded at the muzzle. We have seen the advantages that will ensue, and will merely mention that of at least fourfold rapidity in firing, and also of loading easily in positions in which a gun cannot be loaded at the muzzle. We are confident that the country which first generally adopts for its armies sound breech- loading firearms will possess a fearful advan- tage over adversaries using the present weapons. On this point Dr. Ure observes, in his " Dictionary of Arts, &c.;," " That a good, sound, military firearm, loading at the breech, will, after all, remain the great desideratum— an arm that, without any less accuracy of power, to reach masses of artillery or cavalry at 1,000 yards distance, will enable the soldier to triple the quantity of his fire at any moment he may be called upon to repel a charge of cavalry, or attack or defend a breach at close quarters; of such simple construction, and so easily handled in every position of the body, that the soldier can pour every shot of his most murderous fire upon the enemy with unerring precision, whilst he himself may lie coolly behind a stone, or in a ditch, in entire security." We are in hope that, from what we yesterday saw, Dr. Ure's desideratum is now found, and we shall be anxious to learn the result of a further trial about to take place, by the order of Government, at that excellent institution, the School of Musketry at Hythe, before Colonel Hay, the commandant. Grave Diplomacy.—We are favoured (says Bell's Weekly Messenyer) by a Continental correspondent with the following amusing piece of chit-chat, whieh we give for what it is worth : —" A correspondent of the Savoy Gazette says, ' Witli reference to the Vienna Conferences chat are now closed, a very curious anecdote is in circulation at Paris. I will give it you. A rich English nobleman, who was at Vienna during the Conferences, was anxious to see the place of meeting immediately after their suspension, and Lord J. Russell's andM. Drouyn de Lhuy's departure. He found everything as they left it; chairs were placed round the table, and before each chair there was a portfolio, all of wliicli, except one, had not been used, but that one was full of caricatures and drawing of combats between the Russians and Circassians, Rus sians and Zouaves, Russians and Highlanders. These drawings were very good, and bore the marks of a skilful hand. The Englishman asked what Plenipotentiary it was who thus amused himself whilst the destinies of Europe were under discussion. The gentleman who intro duced him—in all probability at a guess —replied it was M. de Bourqueney. The Englishman, on his return to London, being a friend of Lord John Russell, hastened to tell him of the result of his researches in t he Conference Chamber, and, in proof of what he had seen, showed him one of the drawings, which he had brought away with him as a trophy. Lord John Russell immediately re plied, " It is a gross libel upon poor M. de Bourqueney, who was too agitated and paid too < much attention to the subjects under debate, to have any time for making such caricatures. The drawings are Prince Gortschakoff's, who, from the commencement of the Conferences to their close, did nothing else. He was drawing all the while, and not listening to us. After our long conversation he only said a word or two, without being much troubled with our arguments. M. Gortschakoff's drawings are a positive proof that Russia led us by the nose all the while these notorious Conferences were pending." This characteristic anecdote is the subject of much conversation in Paris and : London. Lord J. Russell's English friend is very sorry that he was not sooner aware who had made these drawings. Whatever had been their price he would have bought them, had he known they were Prince Gortschakoff's.' " The Austrian Army Reduction.— The different organs of the foreign press have recently contained so many contradictory reports re specting the reduction of the Austrian army that some reliable information on the subject cannot but be acceptable. The reduction will amount to 145,000 men, with 30,000 horses ; and, as the gaps which have been made in the army by sickness are not to be filled up, it will not be so strong by about 170,000 meu as it was a year ago. The cadres of all the regiments are, however, to be maintained. 100,000 men will be dismissed from the two armies now in Galicia and Transylvania, and the other 45,000 men from the 1st and 2nd armies, one of which is in the German provinces of Austria, and the other in Italy. An army of observation of about 120,000 or 140,000 men will remain in Galicia and Transylvania, but all the other troops will retire into their usual cantonments in Hungary, Bohemia, Ac. Three regiments are to return immediately to Italy. It is ex pected that an annual saving of about 50,000,000 florins will be effected by the dismissal of such a large force, but the finances will not be effectu ally relieved until a resolution has been taken I not to convert such enormous sums of money into bricks and mortar. The reduction of the army must be attributed to Baron Brack, who is said to have represented to his Sovereign the absolute necessity for diminishing the burdens which press so heavily on the State. According to a person who is usually extremely well in formed on such matters, the Minister of Finances declared that Austria had only to choose be tween. a reduction of her enormous army and a financial breakdown. The feet is, that no coun try with a revenue of 215,333,72411. can with impunity spend 208,<395,8561L in one year for purposes of war. The Silesian G-azetle says that the Western Powers are endeavouring to delay the reduction of the Austrian force in Galicia and Transylvania. The official notice for the dismissal of the reserves of the 3rd and 4th armies lias, however, appeared in the Weiner Zciturg. The Russian General Grunvult paid a visit of compliment to the Emperor at Cracow, in the name of the Emperor of Russia. The Hamburg Borsenhalle asserts that the Emperor ]Srapoleon had addressed a letter to the Emperor of Austria, deploring that the Austrian troops had not joined, those of the Western Powers, but expressing a hope that the close and friendly relations previously existing between the two Governments would not suffer any interruption in consequence. There can be no doubt that, following the example of Austria, the States of the Germanic Confederation have resolved on a considerable disarmament. There are numerous indications proving the Germanic Governments do not suppose that they will have to co operate very soon in military operations. Pre parations are being quietly made to reduce the troops lately placed on a war footing j men arc sent to their homes, and horses are sold which were only purchased a short time ago for the mobilization of the cavahy and artillery. Everything is done without noise, but the Governments act as though Germany had no fear of war.—Home Hews. The Sew Houses of Parliamext.—Tlie total expenditure for building, fittings, furni ture, &c.;, up to 1853, exceeded £1,600,000; and Sir William Moleswortli reminds us that £280,000 additional has been voted during the present and the last session. In fact, the money already voted, if not absolutely ex pended, including £53,000 for decorative sta tues, frescoes, and paintings, and the value of ground secured in Abingdon-street, exceeds considerably £2,000,000! We hear that Sir Charles Barry meditates " a fresh pull at the Exchequer," and that the House of Commons lias actually ordered some new plans to be laid before the public, to carry out which Sir Charles Barry further requires the enormous sum of £650,000. Hovel Project of Sir Joseph Paxtox.— The Select Committee appointed by the House of Commons to take into consideration the sub ject of improved metropolitan communications re-assembled. The room was rendered some what remarkable on entrance, from the display of some most beautifully executed coloured drawings, in large massive gilt frames, illustra tive of Sir Joseph Paxton's proposals for im proved metropolitan communications. Sir Joseph Paxton was then called as a witness, and he at length explained his plans to the Committee, winch were of considerable magni tude, and, if adopted, would require an outlay of no less than £34,000,000 sterling. He proposed to enclose London entirely in what he called a girdle, which girdle was to consist of a monster arcade, 180 feet in height, with a road way 72 feet wide, such arcade to be fitted up on each side with shops, the upper part and rear to be appropriated to drawing-rooms, sleeping-rooms, and other domestic apartments. Parallel with this arcade, at a considerable ele vation from the ground, he proposed that a railway should be formed, one side of the arcade being used as an up line, and the other as the down, while the carriage-way in the centre would be used merely for the purpose of vehicles going to the shops in the respective parts of the arcade, and which he considered would do away with the present crowded street trartlc. He proposed to commence this arcade near to the Royal Exchange, from which point it should cross Cheapside, passing over a bridge, to be constructed between Southwark and Blaekfriars Bridges, on to High-street, Borough, whero a junction should be formed of the arcade railways with the Brighton, South Eastern, and other railways near London Bridge. That it should then take a circuitous course through the Borough, and return to wards the Thames by the South-"Western Bail way, with which also it would form a junction. It would then cross the Thames by another bridge to the Strand. Another branch was proposed to cross the river by a third bridge from near Lambeth Palace to the new Houses of Parliament. By way of Victoria-street it would then proceed to Brompton, from thence passing Gore-house and across Kensington gardens to the Great Western Bail way-station at Paddington, with which it would form a junction, where it would take up the traffic between Begent's-park and Oxford strect. It would then take a diversion to the North- Western Bailway-station, -with which it would form a junction from thence to the Great Northern Kail way-station at King's Cross, proceeding to Islington, and returning to the starting point at the Boyal Exchange. He also proposed a branch to Piccadilly and Begeut-circus, to relieve that district. In fact, he proposed to bring almost the entire metro polis into a girdle, through the whole of which should be a railway communication, without, in any way, the least interfering with the road way of the arcade. The length of the arcade would be altogether ten miles two furlongs, and the branch two furlongs. The cost of the bridge at Q.ucenhithe was estimated at £-106,500; that at the Strand, £751-,000: and for that at Lambeth Palace, £038,700. The total cost of the entire work he estimated at tliirty-four millions sterling. He proposed that, to meet the expenses, the Government should guarantee an interest of 4 per cent, per annum on any sum advanced for the execution of the scheme, to be payable for 60 years as a sinking fund, when the whole of the work should become national property. He entered into a variety of details, to show that the work would he highly remunerative, as well as form a means of speedy transit and improved com munication. Sir Joseph Paxtonwas requested to supply some further details, and the Com mittee adjourned. Violent TutrsDERSTOEirs.—Shortly after 6 o'clock on Saturday morning the metropolis was visited by a violent thunderstorm, winch con tinued for nearly an hour. The lightning was of a vivid character. The rain fell in torrents, and many of the small streets at the east end of London were flooded for several hours. The market gardeners' grounds were also inundated, and considerable damage was done by the great £kll of rain. At Bristol the storm took place an liour or two previously. It commenced about half-past 3 o'clock, and exceeded in violence anything of the kind that has occurred in that city for the last 30 years. The thunder was very violent, and the lightning so vivid that the captains of African and Indian ships in the port de scribe it as being the nearest approach to a tro pical tornado that they ever witnessed in this country. Considerable damage was done by the hail, which beat the wheat down in all the surrounding country, and broke thousands of panes of glass; and, at St. George's, Gloucester shire, theeleetricfluidstruck a housenear theDon John's-cross, destroyed the chimney, and split the house from the roof to the basement storey. A boy, twelve years of age, living at Gorton, near Manchester, was shutting a window during the thunderstorm on Saturday, when he was caught by the lightning, which struck him in the breast, and scorched his body and thighs. He was discovered soon afterwards by a neigh bour lying dead upon the floor. 'The same flash struck the brass chains of a clock, and soldered several of the links together. On Saturday evening, about 3 o'clock, the neigh bourhood of Ormskirk was visited by a heavy thunderstorm, aeGompanied by lightning. In a field belonging to the farm of Mr. Bold, near Moor-hall, some seven or eight persons were at work, three of Mr. Bold's family among the number—a son about nine years of age, a daughter about seventeen, and a son something older—the whole of whom were struck down, the latter being thrown five yards from his work. The youngest son and daughter were killed on the spot, the latter having a hole literally burned in her neck, and her hair 6corclied off her head. Mrs. Bold was at Liver pool market on that day, and had not re turned when the melancholy accident occurred. We learn that the other brother is slowly recovering from the effects of the lightning. On Saturday morning Oxford was visited by a violent thunderstorm, accompanied by lightning | of a terrific character. Considerable damage has been done in the neighbourhood. In Ox ford, the parish church of St. Ebbes was some what injured. Soon after 5 o'clock the light ning struck the weathercock, and in its progress knocked a small portion of the top of the tower off, passing through the roof of the church, completely melting part of the spouting. The interior also felt the effect of the shock, for after passing through the wall it struck the pulpit, and completely took the door off its hinges, At Cowley, a village within two miles of Oxford, the lightning struck a farmhouse, injuring the chimneys, and in its progress knocking off the hat of one of the labourers, Mr. Hannay, a miller, who was on the bank of a pond, for the purpose of catching a dish of fish to send to Oxford, had a narrow escape- He was stunned by the shock, and on recovering his self-posses sion, to his surprise, he found a bird close to him, with its head severed from the body and its wings singed, and in the pond he took up eight good-sized perch, that had been killed by the lightning. The crops of corn have also suffered ; considerably from the heavy fall of rain; whole j fields have been so knocked down that it is a great chance if they will ever recover their upright position. The town of Lavenliam, Suffolk, was visited on Monday afternoon by one of the most severe thunderstorms ever remembered. At the instant of one mighty crash the electric fluid struck a dwelling-house, i formerly known as the Guildhall, in the market place, and after shattering one side of the chimney it descended to the roof, where it di vided, "and stripping off a quantity of tiles on both sides of the house, one current continued on the outside, shattering the frames of two windows, and then passing into the ground. The other, apparently a much stronger current, appears to have descended in a more direct manner, having wrenched the castings -of a door-way from their position; the door-post, a piece of solid oak, was divided from top to bottom, and the piece thrown into the passage, through wliicli the wife of the occupier, J. Ran son, was passing, when she was violently wlnrled about, and thrown down by the con cussion, but, we are happy to say, not much injured. The rain and hail {of enormous size) poured down in torrents, tearing up the roads in some places a foot deep. Stbathaibin MnnxG Coitpajtt. — The South Australian Copper Mining Company have received despatches from Mr. Basset, dated Stratlialbvn, Adelaide, April 1, from which the directors have prepared an interesting report. Mr. Basset, in answer to questions sent out by the directors, states—"Firstly, that the present ore of lead is but the gossan back of (I have no doubt) a much larger de posit of the ordinaiy 'galena,' or sulphuret, which the lode will make in depth, and which, when laid open, would be raised at a different cost, and in a different manner, from this car bonate ; and, secondly, that the great expense of the present cost is occasioned by the neces sary buildings, dead work, &c.;, which work would soon be much reduced, and which ought, therefore, not to be taken into this calculation. With regard to the ore, there are, as I have in formed you, about 800 or 1,000 tons at present laid open, and while this is being taken away, fresh ore ground would, doubtless, be discovered. The actual gossan does not extend much below 10 or 12 fathoms from the surface in depth, but would exist in greater or loss quantities along the length of the lode in every place where the formation is favourable to its deposit; below this, the lode, as is customary beneath all gossans, begins to get closer, and as we find in the winze to the north of Basset's shaft the 'galena' begins to make its ap pearance. After these gossans are worked out, that mineral, together with copper, would be come the permanent yield of the mine. The ' galena,' as it exists in the strings and squats at the bottom of the winze, gives about 36 to 40 ounces of silver to the ton; and should the bulk of the lode, when we cut it at sufficient depth to allow it to settle, yield on an ave rage this produce, it would, of course, pay well to send heme without smelting, galena being of about 75 per cent, for lead; any sme.ter, however, that should be sent out should, therefore, be well able to smelt galena. Your enquiries, with regard to the quantity i a man can break also requires some explanation to be given to you: in favourable positions, a mh could break several tons a day; but, as the lode varies in hardness in different parts, and as the ground becomes laid open, the man has more or less advantage to employ his labour; and as dead work has to be executed for various purposes, the mere quantity a man can break in any given time would form a criterion of the amount of labour required to secure a given yield. I think that about ten to twelve men would keep up the yield I mentioned—10 tons a week. The ave rage gross value of the ore appears to be about £14 to £17 per ton, and the produce, as nearly as I can estimate it, about 35 to 40 per cent, for lead, and 27 to 35 ozs. of silver per ton, with about one-third to nearly one-half oz. of gold per ton. I need hardly point out that, with an expensive management, the true economy is that which would complete them in the shortest time, and so bring all the sources of profit into a yielding condition. I propose to lay open the lodes at three places—Firstly, at Basset's shaft, where I am happy to say we are, as you know, already in a remunerative condition, and where, by further development, I have not the ieast doubt we should become vastly so; secondly, at Mary's shaft, where from the vendor's description, and by other external circumstances which corroborate these descriptions, we may safely conclude that we should also be breaking ore in large quan tities ; and, thirdly, at a spot, of which I have a great opinion, near Arthur's Seat (where the best ore was got by the old company), and midway between Basset's shaft and Mary's shaft; and, consequently, the best site for the large engine, which would ultimately have to take the pumping labour of both mines upon itself. At this spot I think I can also under take to promise a fine deposit of ore in depth, from indications in Arthur's Seat, and the general character of the lodes and ground about that shaft. Tou know my opinion of the promise the lode gives, as I have spoken mueh of it in my former reports. I believe all we have at present to be a more notliiug to what we shall have below." Mr. Basset requests certain machinery to be sent out; but in this he has been anticipated by the directors, as a steam-engine or the power required, the pit- and hob- work, &c.;, supplied by Messrs. liicholls and Williams, of Tavistock, were shipped per the South Sea, which sailed on the 2nd of May last, also all the necessary materials for a blast-furnace, and a practical carbonate of lead and galena smelter, was sent out in the Oliver Lang, which sailed three days afterwards. The aunual general meeting will be held in the course of the present month, when a general report will be laid before the shareholders.— -Jffinbig Journal, July 7. 