MELBOURNE. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT,) November 2, 1855. The arrival of the Sussex from London, after a passage of eighty-two days, brings European intelligence to the 8th August, which leaves matters much in the same state they were at the last accounts. The only encouraging information with regard to the army in the Crimea, is, that the troops are in good health. The Russians have posi- tively refused to give up the survivors of the Hango massacre. This refusal proves the Russians are confident of the extent of their resources, and determined to prosecute their ambitous designs to the last extremities, otherwise they would have made a concession which could not detract them from their national honor, and would have served to propitiate the Allies, and, for so much, encourage friendly negotiations. Early in this correspondence I expressed an opinion that Russia had not engaged in this war, without being well prepared to carry it on, or without calculating well the contingencies of war, the power of her enemies, and her own resources. We held them too cheap, and thereby committed the gravest error a nation can fall into—to despise an enemy. If the Allies determined to acccomplish the objects they have avowed, as the conditions of an honorable peace, it is a high pro- bability that the war will be protracted far beyond what it was at all calculated. The aristocracy of England, notwithstanding the reforms effected within living memory, are still possessed of exclusive privileges, notorious encroachments upon the rights of the people and impediments in their progress to prosperity and happiness. They retained these advantages from the general opinions of their capacity to transact the political business of the country. The prestige which attached to them as a body on this score, has been now completely dissipated, and the result must inevitably be a greater measure of reform than we have yet witnessed, and a larger infusion of the democratic element in the governing classes, than would even have been desired a few years ago by the inferior gentry, the professions, the merchants, manufacturers and traders of the country. The Administrative Reform Ass- ociation will call into activity, in the coming struggle, the middle classes, who have at their disposal a preponderance of the parliamentary representation, through which, the results I have ventured to indicate, cannot fail to be accom- plished, and thus out of a present evil will come a future good. For many months we have had nothing but complaints of "hard times" from all quarters, high and low. Penniless mercantile adventurers found their resting place in the Insolvent Court —unskilled laborers who valued their daily work at nothing less than a pound a-day—mechanics who considered six or seven hundred a-year but a moderate remuneration for the exercise of their skill, fell into the ranks of the unemployed. Profits under a hundred per cent appalled people in trade, and we were declared to be in a state of irretrievable ruin, but a small item was left out of calculation, that the gold continued to come from the mining districts in undiminished quantities, and while that is the case ruin is far distant. Let the goldfields fail us and we are indeed ruined. The gold miner constitute the bank of the commerce of the colony. They are the life of the country. We eat and drink and clothe ourselves with gold, for without it we should starve and go naked; but, after all, gold alone will never make us really rich as a nation. The land must be given, on easy terms, to the people, to enable them to cultivate the soil at a profit in order that we may feed ourselves, and keep the gold in the country. If the miners will only fully comprehend their value and importance, they can do great things tor us all, if they have the courage, the virtue, and the patriotism to do their duty at the elections. Well, what is the state of things in Melbourne in these hard times. We hear of nothing hut amusement and festivity. The drama —the grand opera, the spider dance—the civic fancy ball—the masonic festivities—the trades- men's suppers at three shillings a-head and drink what you please, at an extra cost—an hebdomadal visit from Mr. Punch to make us all laugh, and that too at people who teach us to call them our betters. That fellow Punch is a complete revolutionist, an atrocious democrat who causes hard times for Mr. Childers, who at his bidding dances as Harlequin. Judge Barry, who plays the clown or the buffoon, whichever you please in imitation of his namesake "the great Tom" and the most worshipful the Mayor despenses from his "stray" pots of heavy wet, and finds old Kerr, the king of the corporation, one of his customers. In fact, things have come to such a pass that I know not how to describe them. I can only account for such revels in "hard times" upon the supposition that what was called a shock was a real earthquake to be followed by another deluge which will distribute rivers throughout Australia and dispense with the necessity of metalled roads and railways. The New Constitution and the payment of electioneering expenses by gentlemen ambitious of senatorial honors. For my part I quite delighted with the "hard times", and in such an ecstacy of enjoyment that I cannot teach my pen to move over the paper with anything like sobriety or order. The millenium must have come now in good earnest. The lion will lie down with the lamb, and Johnny Foster will be elected the popular member for Villiers and Heytesbury. The election for the city takes place to-day. They tell me at this time of writing that the Squatter Cruikshank "has not the ghost of a chance". I shall let you into the secret before I close this despatch. The contest has resolved itself to an issue between Rae and Cruikshank. According to one account the polling stood at two o'clock as follows, giving a gross majority to Rae of 695: STATE OF THE POLL AT TWO O'CLOCK. GIPPS WARD. Rae ...................239 Cruikshank ... .... 70 LATROBE WARD Rae 154 Cruikshank .....62 BOURKE WARD Rae 162 Cruikshank 52 LONSDALE WARD. Rae...: 227 Cruikshank 127 H0THAM WARD. Rae.................... 103 Cruikshank 22 TOTAL. Rae .... 885 Cruikshank 333 Majority for Rae 552 143 695 FITZROY WARD. At Twelve o'clock. Rae. 167 Cruikshank .. 24 Another account gives him a majority of 824. Four o'clock. Rae maintained his majority to the close of the poll, and will be declared the sitting member. 