LITERARY GOSSIP IN LONDON. April showers, however fructifying to vege tables, have a peculiar property of washing away, a large proportion of the paperlings which Christmas invariably hatches. The poor ' Patriotic Fund Journal' (badly con ceived and worse executed) is at its last gasp, and 'Pen and Pencil' (a more meritorious, though scarcely more prudent venture) has definitely given up the ghost. The air is filled with journalistic rumors of innumerable daily papers, to appear directly the stamp is removed ; but the most important of these is a confident assertion that, the Times' proprie tors have resolved upon taking ihe wind out of the sails of all small speculators by issuing & cheap paper themselves. There can be no doubt that their vast resources, and a judi cious management of time and type, will enable them to do this with profit to themselves and injury to all rivals. Those readers of the Times who have been convinced of its arguments against a cheap press, and its anticipatory criticisms upon the immorality and scurrility of journals written for the working classes, must have experienced a painful shock of surprise on seeing the filthy details of a trial at Liverpool, given at full length in these spotless columns. This is the' paper that, with wonderful self- complacency, admitted, only the other day, an extract from a private letter, supposed to have been written by an author of celebrity, in which the works of Mr Dickens were condemned as immoral and improper, whilst the Times newspaper was implied to be the most healthful piece of reading in the world. A very elaborate, learned, and humorous article has appeared in Household Words upon the subject of 'Misprints,' and newspaper misprints figure very conspicuously in the cata logue j but however ludicrous some of these may be, they are nothing to tho graver blun ders of fact committed by 1he writers, not the compositors of journals. Perhaps an arti cle upon this subject might prove too galling to the feelings of many ' eminent' journalists to be safely written. The eminent Grant, quoting an ode of Moore's, waggishly printed in Greek type by that scholastic joker, Father Prout, in proof that Moore plagiarised from Anacreon ; the eminent theatrical critic, who treated a play of Kit Marlow's as a novelty, these,, and hundreds of similar anecdotes, would make a capital pendant to the summary of misprints. No later than Wednesday, the Morning Chronicle gave a most circumstantial description of the sailing of the Baltic fleet, which the public had the opportunity of read ing before a single anchor had been weighed, Talk of anticipating time and abolishing space after this I 