I OAHTAJj PUNISHMENT, No, IV, | I To (he Editor of (ht Empire, Sm-In tlie Umpire of June 4 th, 1855, there appeared a letter from Mr, Threlkeld on the above subject, as a reply to one of ours. Wo shall be glad If you can allow us a place in your valuable paper for a few remarks on that production. And we say at the onset, we are sorry Mr. Threlkeld has such a facility for darkening counsel hy multitude of words. To us the letter has been characterised as ' muddy,' we need not Bay what is muddy is seldom deep-what is muddy is so for want of being deep, but perhaps this darkness is after all unintentional, for we cannot make up our minds to believe it is for tho purpose of deceiving. In reply to our remarks on the desire of blood for blood in heaven, we are told " there is a broad dis- tinction betwixt tho term used by tho souls under tho Altar which is avengo, and tho term wo nso which is revenge." Refer to Walker's Dictionary, where you will find " Avengo. To revengo, to punish." Consult Webster where you will also find, " Avenge, revenge." All we wish to say on this point is, Mr. Threlkeld has failed to show that tho deBiro of blood for blood, understood as a desire for vengeance, exists in heaven at all. He must know as well as we do, that the text on which ho attempts to build, this doctrine is a figurative one, and that it is not capable of a literal interpretation. We call Mr. Threlkold's attention to the following :-"Wo are not to suppose that this literally occurred, and that John actually saw tho Bonis of tho martyrs beneath tho altars-for the whole representation is symbolical ¡ nor are wo to suppose that tho injured und wronged in heaven ootually pray for vengeance on those who wronged thom, or that the redeemed in heaven will continue to pray with reference to things on earth." ~(Bov. A. Barnes on the Book of Revelation, page 215.) Hov. xii, 7 is quoted, and wo aro charged with forgetting "That it is recorded there WOB War in hcayen." Wo did not forget this passage, but Mr. Threlkeld has forgotten to provo that this passage refers to tho heaven of the saved at all. We again quote Mr. Barnes. Ho says, pnges 407, &c;, " Of course, this is not to be understood as a real transaction, but as a symbolical represen- tation of tho contest between good and evil-as if there was a war waged in heaven between Satan and tho Lcador of tho heavenly hosts." In reply to Mr. Throlkeld's remarks ou " vengeance is raine, saith the Lord, &a;," it will he sufficient to say, tim question is not whether the Almighty lins 'a right to oxecute vengeance, but where are men's credentials? AVhero is tho authority that authorises them to exécuta vengeance on a follow being? . If wo understand Mr. Throlkeld's remarks on idolatry, it is tho couutorl'eit of what wos once tho Divine stain]) on liuman nature. This is. just tho light in wliieh we regard tho desire for vengeance on which Mr. T.lays so mucl^ stress, instead of its being the divino stamp, it is a baso counterfeit, produced by tho very same principle of ovil that 'Olds rain to " chango tho glory of tho incorruptible God into an image mada like to corruptible man." As some of tho ndrocates of capital punishment lay n great deal of stress on the savage instinots ot henthons, wo call their attention to tho follow- ing:-"Suppose a chemist was desirous to ascer- tain the insredients of water, what estimate should wo form of Iiis Judgment if, with this view, ho wore to subject to his analysis a quantity of what had Just passed in tho bod of a sluggish river, through tho midst of a large manufacturing city, from whoso common sewers, and other outlets of impu- rity, it lind received every possible contamination which, cither by simple admixture or by chemical affinity, had become incorporated with tho virgin purity of tho fountain ; and if, proceeding on this analysis, be wore to publish to'the world his thesis on tho composition of water ? Little less prepos- terous must bo tho conduct of thoso philosophers, who derivo tho idoas of what constitutes rcotitudo in morals from human natura as it is. Thoy analyse tho water of the polluted river ¡ and refuse the guide that would conduct them to tho mountain spring of its nativo purity."-(Dr. WarJlaw's Christian Ethics, pugo 33. Soe, also, page 82, ifcc, Ac.) Mr. Threlkeld says-"Tho supposition of Saul meeting Stephen in Heaven is worthless, becauso Saul could not have gono to hoaven if be had died an unforgiven murderer." True, hut this is not tho question. In a former lottor, Mr. Threlkeld said, " It does not nppoar that even tho posses- sion of heaven itself obliterates the desire of blood for blood from tho soul." Stephen was murdered, Saul confesses himself guilty. Stephen meet Saul ns one from whom tho possession of heaven has not obliterated tho desire for vengeance. To say Saul was pardoned does not meet tho case ; is is an ovasion, for tho desiro for vengeance, accord- ing to Mr, Threlkold's theory, was not in Saul but Stephen. Will Mr. T. reconcile such a disposition with Stephen's dying prayer? We aro told " tho desire of blood for blood in heaven, is a doctrine as old ns Genesis, when there was no revealed law ngaiust murder, when the blood of righteous Abol cried unto God from the ground." Would any one, save Mr. Threlkeld, find tho desire of blood for blood in heaven in this passage ? We think not. Why ? Becauso it is not thero. Dr. A. Clarko says: " It is probable that Cain, having killed his brother, dug a hole and buried him in the earth, liopiii- thereby to prevent tho murder from being known, and that this is what is designed in tho words, ' thy brother's blood crielh unto me f.om tho ground, which hnth oponed her mouth to receive it from thy hands.' Soiiio think, by ' tho voico of thy brothel's blood,' tho .cries of Abel's widow and children aro to be understood, ns it is probable he was father of a family." (See Com", on Genesis iv. 10.) This is certainly a moro common-seiiBo viow of tho passago than tho one put forth by Mr. Threlkeld. So that, after all, wo mint _ class tho horrible of a desire for vengeance in Heaven, among " tho new-fangled dogmas of tho present age, or doctrines of fallible mon." We aro told precepts from tho Now Testament hove already been fairly adduced in tho preceding paragraphs. Lot ns look at what aro called precepts from tho Now Testament. Tho following can only be referred to, as thero are no othor quotations which bare any resemblance to a precept. " Wherefore tho law is holy, and tho command- ment holy, nnd just, and good." Bom. vii. 12. Knowing this, that tho law is not made for a righteous man but for tho lawless, and disobedinnt, for the ungodly, and for sinners, ito., ito. 1 Tun. i. 9 and IO. Lot tho render consult thoso pnssnges, witli their contexts, and let his own common sonso soy if ho believe them to bo precepts . in favour of death punishments. Mr. Threlkeld further informs us :-" Tho apostle Peter who onco stood rebuked by Iiis Divine Muster for asking permission to enforce capital punish- ment by calling down Uro from heaven ns Kilns did. . . « » This Bolf-samo apostle became after- wards a minister of wrath oven unto death, Au." This all falls to tho ground Blmply becauso it is untruo. In Luko Ix. 5-1, wo read-"And when lils disciples James and John saw this, they sahl Lord wilt thou that wo coinmnnd Uro to como down from heaven, nnd consume thom, oven na Elias did ?" Wo Imvo vory little faith in Peter's infallibility: but elvo him lils due ; it was James and John who stood rebuked for tho act rol'errcil to and not Peter. We think it Btrotigo that Mr. Threlkeld should bo guilty of an error so glaring, AVo aro further tout t "A certain mnti carno before tho Apostlo and told a deliberate falsehood for which tho Apostle kills him with a word, and ho is curried ont dead. A fow hours afterwards tho wife comos in, mid Hes ns lier husband did, on willoh tho holy Apostle Inflicts, ngnin, capital punishment liv the authority ol' his Lord, and thus death was inflicted twice iu'tlio Gospel dispensation hy tho Apostle." Eor thu honour of religion, mid for sake of tho rcBpcot duo lo tho Christian Ministry, wo hope thero are lbw religious teachers who would put forth a statement. ' ns dost I tuto of foundation as it is dreadful. Diu Ufr. Threlkeld consult Acts v. 1 to vi. befuro ho made this statement ¡ or did he quote from memory, as lu the oaso of "Peter's standing relinked, ,te." AVo think ho must hnvo rolled upon memory and memory must havo led him astray. Wo romoin bor onco discussing tho merits of tho New Testament with an infidel, who Hinted this ouse much ns Mr. Threlkeld has done. If such Bliould bo Mr. IVs delibéralo conviction, ]io is tho HrBt Christian minister wo have mot who holds such views. But let us introduce tho snored nar- rative, " Peter said unto Ananias, why hath Satan filled tlituo heart to lie to the Duly Ghost and to koop back part of tho nrico of tho land ? While lt remained was it not Uiliioown ? mid after lt was sold wi» it not in tliine own power ? Why host thou con» ooived this thing in thine heart? Tliouhust not lied unto man hut unto God, And, Ananias hearing these words fell down and gave np the Ghost, ana great fear oame on all them that heard these things." ..... "Then Toter said unto her, how is it that ye have sgrced together to tempt the spirit of the Lord? Behold tho feet of them which have buried thy husbnnd are at the door, and shall carry thee ont. Then fell sho down straightway at his feet, and yielded np tho Ghost." Does this passage say Peter killed Ananias by a word ? We answer most emphatically, no ; and wo defy Mr. Threl- keld to provo that it does. It does not appear from the account that Peter even know Ananias was to to die, for he doos not give the smallest intimation of such a thing. But most certain it is, Toter did not execute the divino wrath upon him. Did Peter kill Sapphira ? Ho told her of hor sins, sud of tho doom that awaited her, and this was all he had to do in this awful transaction. Would it not be about as correct to say the Redeemer killed the 1,100,000 Jews who perished nt the destruction of their city, because he foretold the dreadful event. Dr. A. Clarke savs, " It was not Peter's xoords, nor through his prayers, nor through shame, nor through remorse, that this guilty pair died, hut hy nn immediate judgmont of God." Tho Reverend A. Harnes says, " It waa not the act of Puter, but of God, and was clearly uesigued to show his ab- horrence of this sin." * We quote these to show that it is Mr. Threlkeld who is guilty of setting forth either new-fangled notions, or old fashioned one's which never ought to have beon dug from their dishonoured graves. Wo thjnk ca, ital punish- ment might well pray, " snve me from my injudi- cious friends." Surely no ono except in a cn30 the most desperate would mnko such nn attempt as the ono to which wo havo just called attention. But suppose the circumstance was ns Mr. Threl- keld would have us believe what then? Petsr killed Ananius nnd his wife by a word. Por what ? for telling a lie. Is thero no differencethenbetween killing a man by a word, and killing him by n ropo ? Wo think if cnpital punishment was never again exercised until "Jack Ketch" kills his victim hy a word, we shall have little cause to complain. This guilty pnir wero killed for tolling a lie-not for murder. Does Mr. Threlkeld mean it would itill bo right U> put mon to deatli for lolling n lio ? Unless he intouds this, tho case, according to his own showing, U not to tho point. But we say, on tho authority of the sacred narrative, Peter did not execute capital punishment on two Individuals in tho Gospel Dispensation. Tho Apostles had no commission to kill, their mcssngo was not death, but lifo. Tho Bedeemer never entrusted thom with any such power us that to which reference has boon made. Mr. Threlkeld lias a very great object ion to Gospelizing the law, but ho is* most certainly guiltyglegulizing tho Gospel. That is, of inter- preting tho latter by tho former. As this is the great error of tho advocates of capital punish . ment in general, wo call attention to tho follow- ing :-" In comparing passages of tho Now Testa- ment with others in tho Old Testament, tho import and obligation of tho precepts in tho latter are to bo interpreted and limited by those in Mia former, and not v 'ce versa. Tho reason for this rulo is obvious. The Mosaic dispensation was introduc- tory nnd subordinate to thu Christian, to which it pointed, and in which it lind its consummation, lt was tho dawn of that light, which by tho coming of Jesus Christ luis arisen on tho nations in all its glory. Things nocossarily obscuro in the lormer aro therefor cleared up by tho latter. From this also wo loam to dis'inguish things of perpetual obligation. It happens in several instances, that what was incumbent under tlio weakness of the first economy is superseded by tho perfection of the second."-Campbell's Lectures on Systematic Theology pago 5. Iii roply to our protest against picking a single text nnd that an obscure one, and building a doctrino thereon like that nf blood for blood, it is said, " What but a singlo text ' Dust thou art, ito.,1 dooms man to death ! What hut a solitary text, ' In sorrow, ito. ito.' inflicts tho pains of travail, ito. Surely Mr. Threlkeld cannot mean those texts are in- tended to regulate human actions, that tho penal- ties referred to depend on man for their execution. If this is not Intended, then thoy aro not nt all to the purpose. Wo. think it would bo moro to the point to enquire, on what, hut a single text, does the Church of Romo baso tho Supremacy of St. Peter, the Doctrine of Purgatory, etc.; on what but a single text docs Antinomlnnism attempt to rest many of its abominations ! on what but a singlo text do tho Mormons, attempt to build somo of their horrible nonsense. In opposition to this sinelo text theory wo. quote tho following " The danger of quoting detached passages of Scripture without regard to their context or to Hie light which othor parts of God's word may throw upon their interpretation, is seen in tho fact Unit tho devil tims brought forward passages of Scripture in ordcr^to lead.our Lord to sin. And such perversions of tho word of God, ns lias been truly said, nra among the deepest and most dangerous of his devices."-Nicholla's Help to loading tho Bible, pago 95. In reply to our question respecting the Queen of Madagascar, we aro told " It is tho duty of every Minister of tho Gospel to say to such wicked crowned bends ns John tho Baptist did to a sinful king, it is_ not lawful." This is not an answer but an evasion. The question is, would it ho right for a Minister of tho Gospol, to toll tho remaining Christian subjects of that Queen it was their duty to strangle or behead her, beoauso she had shed tho blood of God's saints. If tho doctrino of blood for blood is true,_ this would bo right, it would bo a duty. We think Mr. Threlkeld ought not to say anything about mystifying and wresting subjects, nfte'r what ho has "already written. Wo ore further told-" Law once enacted does not require ro-onaotment." Was not tho law of tho Sabbath, tho law of sacrifice, ito., re-onnoted? Most certainly they were. Then the assertion, and tho inference Mr. Threlkeld draws from it, fulls to tho ground-"Dust I holt art," ito. ''In sorrow shalt thou bring forth," ito.-Thoso ato not laws, but decrees ; thoy rogulnto no action. No man, on their authority, ever presumed to nilliot or destroy another. ' To say, thou, because thoso oro over in force, "that law*once onnctod requires not to bo ro-euncted," is an assertion contrary to foot. Wo now bog lo placo beforo tho advocates of death punishments-Malthow vii.'12 ¡ "Thorofovo all things whatsoever yo would that men should do to you, do yo ovon so to them, for thia is tho law and prophets." Seo also Ltiko vi., 27 to 30 ¡ "There is no distinction laid down (says Dr. Chalmers, on tho above text) between things fair and things unfair ¡ between things reasonable and things unreasonable. But aro compre- hended m tho 'All things whatsoever.' tho signification is plain and absolute, that, lot tho tiling lie what it mny, if you wish others to do that tidng for yon, it lios imperatively on you to do tho vory samo thing for thom also." Wo Intend nothing personal or offensive, when wo ask would tho advo- cates of cnpital punishment like to die on tho gal- lows? Would thoy Uko Juck Ketch to^ perform for them tho lust sad ellice ? Il' under any circumstances tiley would, then thoy may advooato snell a mode ol'punishment. But if the ¡ilea ii too horrible to bo entertained, we ask, in tho lace of tho abovo pas- sage, what authority havo they for doiti" to btliors what thoy havo no deslro others BIIOIIIII do to them, "for ali things whatsoever yo would that men should do to you, do yo even so to them, for this is tiio Law nnd the Prophets." Tho punishment Unit is opposod to this principio is neither tho Law nor thoProphols, so far ILS thoy regulato our punishment > and until our opponots havo openly declared, that, undor|nny cimiiinstaucus,thoy would Uko to bo hurried into eternity by tho rudo finnds ol' tho hangman, wo bind thom down to this conclusion. Ono word moro, intemperance is directly or iiidiroutly tho causo of tiitto-tuntli's of tho murders that disgraao our country, and hurry multitudes info tho presence of God. Let ministers of the- Gospel, mid tho Christian publia in genoral,hy precept und example, labour to put it down. Let'thom sot themsolvus to closo up thoso nurseries of vice, and schools of crimo open in every strcot of our oity, which uro blasting tho morals, dashing to tho earth, tho brightest hopos,wrlnging from multitudes tho bitter burning tear, and plunging into endless ruin tho bodies nnd souls of a vast host. To retnovo thoso pests to society, to ' closo up thoso avenues to tho galloivs mid to por ditlon, would ba moro honourable, moro benevolent, and consequently moro Christ-like, than to advo- oato tho cxlstcnco of a law Unit has not ono redeeming quality. For lt is certainly hotter to prevent crime, tuan to out oil' and pitman into eternity tho guilty. If what we have said should have given pain to any, wo wish to inform thom that such wa» not oar intention, We contend not for victory, hut for truth. We believe, and therefore we have sinken. Yours truly, JOHN SHARP. Woolloomooloo, June 18th, 1855, 