î . -' ow . OF * TUE-WESLEYAN MINISTXBS OP THE Qom,-. ï , BUEN .CIBCUTT. ; Í . ¡ Tho majority of 'you¡ my friends, : I presume to be aware, that the individual now addressing yon is a Christian minister. His sphere of labour you may not be so well acquainted with, andas this matter has a bear- ing upon his position before you, pardon a brief defini- tion. Its length, then, is from the Fitz Boy Iron Mines and Mittagong, to Goulburn and places adjacent. Adis-; tance of nearly seventy miles has to be traversed ere your lecturer reaches the Southern terminus of his circuit from the Northern.., Now the bearing of this statement upon my present position I apprehend to be this, that since so extensive a sphere of ministry if diligently occu- pied, does not, of necessity, aa I am sure you will readily perceive it does not, leave very numerous recesses for literary labour, I shall have to claim your kind indul- gence, in tho case of imperfections which you will pro- bably discover in the course of this lecture, and which, had I been situated in circumstances more genial to literary polish and attainment, would I hope not have occurred. And yet I would remark in passing how im- perfect are the terms we often use, and hour defective is often our philosophy in relation to such matters. The mind addicted to literature must indeed be weighed down and chained by more forces than those which that hideous anomaly the Southern Christian planter can, command over the bodies and souls of bis slaves, but what it will study, and what is moro and better, will make glorious progress, whilst the mind that does not study from the love of study, but simply secundum artem, will . bring forth but puny and withered fruits even though ita sanctorum be-. '_' Academia's sacred shade." If, however, any person imagines, that in making such remarks, we are insensible to the importance of literary training, be it in university, college, normal institute, or grammar school, we are in such case .entirely mistaken by that person. Far be such a view from us.. All such aids in their times and places we hold to be excellent their valuo in our esteem surpasses valuation; bat this we at tho same time hold, that really to become a man of letters aman must love letters; justas that useful bird the laughing jackass, who is discoursing so_ merrily -I will not say sweet, but certainly cheerful music-close byrne, aslwritothislecture; justas that laughing jackass must verily love snakes, I mean gastronomically, which he verily and indigenously does ; for God in mercy to man has made it his calling, in order that ho may. be, which he certainly is, a first-rate snake-catcher. Again, thore must bc pertinacity. I just this moment left off writing and observed a largo black stinging ant, one of tho largest I over saw, veiy, very busy amongst the sticks at my feet; I grasped a twig, and attempted to divert it from its course-once, twice, a dozen times did I succeed ? I did not ; it fought antfully, if not manfully, for its way, and its way it gained ; its perti- nacity, or as wo moro commonly say perseverance, over, came my opposition and its difficulties at the samo time. And then, there must be attention. I was walking through the forest tho other day-for I really scruple to call trees, some thirty, some sixty, soma an hundred feet high bushes-and I was meditatingon salutary things, when some good influence suddenly arrested my pro- gress ; I am not aware that it arose from fatigue, but if it did, no matter, it was a good influence to me, far within a few pacos in advance, and unperceived until, on stopping, my eyes drooped, lay a huge snake at least the thickness of my arm, its head was elevated and its. eyo upon me. What attention in that eye! Was I the mark it aimed at, so full of determined atten- tion ? So must tho would-be man pf letters aim at his mark, or he will never advance well. Yet ho might be the splendid Latinist before whom I once, unwittingly, placed a map, as in London he sat beside me in my little study, and requested him, with all sincerity, to mensuro the distance from ono port to another, by a certain route which was tho subject of our conversation. He could have written me a Latin letter which-being myself a mero-tyro in languages, dead or living, to my shame be it spoken-without my lexicon I could not have understood, yet, more, he could readily have puzzled mo with his exegetical Greek, and in fact he did, but fifteen degrees of longitude, ho frankly con- fessed, ho could not measure. His caso was just this : he had studied through a certain rou tino for a calling; he was a linguist-" Honour to whom honour " but a linguist was he certainly, moro mechanically than otherwise ; he had never studied from the love of study ; he had, in a word, learned just what ho was compelled to learn. There was none of tho enthusiasm in his studies which thora was in his dissipate enjoyment of the cigars and whisky punch which succeeded. Oh, when-let me, for morality's sake, mark an ellipsis, to inquire-oh, when aro we to be found possessed in New South Wales of the animus which influenced the drunken woodcutters of Maine and carried tho Maine Law ? But to proceed : in such matters he liad pertinacity, gave foo much attention to them, and was an enthusiast, and, as it proved,.to his breaking, to his beggary, and to his temporary-and, I pray you will pray with me, tint temporary ruin. Ask for the contrast, and wo always think of Dr. Adam Clarke. Speaking in a limited and well understood sense, it might be difficult to say what that man did not know -his fame, as a linguist, as you are aware, extends far beyond tongues bearing directly and largely on sacred literature, but he was not merely a linguist, but a man of .letters ; he. studied tho arts, he studied the sciences, he studied the law, ho studied ' logic-not always in all points, identicals some will have it-ho studied medicine, he studied mineralogy, and if you will please to suppose a Pandora's box filled with good things instead of evil, we may truly say of him, that on opening his works it is difficult to know what sort of good instruction will fly out first. How did Dr. Adam Clarke study ? Why, for the love of it. At Kingswood, says the poor shoeless ho}', Adam Clarke, in his autobiography, who was set to dig the gar- den in the day time, I found lights must be out at nine (but Kingswood is not so conducted now) ; the master found mine alight after nine, and ordered it out, < so I took the blanket ofFmy bed, and hung it and other things before the window, under which I crouched with my Latin Grammar in one hand and candle-end in the other, and the master-a tyrant-was none the wiser, but I was. Many equally illustrious examples of tho pursuit of knowledge under difficulties does that most profitable branch of reading-I mean biographies of the great and wisc-alford. But Adam Clarke learned thfft also with- out knowing which man, however otherwiso learned must remain a fool. An axiom he despised not was:-"Know thyself." That " Tho proper Bttuly of mankind is man " '**". lie did not forget, and Adam-learning that bo was a sin- ful child of Adam, with a heart "deceitful above »ll things and desperately wicked"-wickedness unfathoma ule-"who can know it"-learned, oh blessed learning, to flee to Christ, " thc Lamb of God, which taketh away thc sin of the world." And thus did ho rouse into action the noblest powers of " Tho mind, the Rrcat, the mighty mind Which leaves the clods of earth behind And walks with God, Or else becomes the meanest thing That stalks tho sod." Our excuse, you perceive, lins betrayed us into digres- sive dissertation, and not a word has yet been said of home. Extraordinarily positioned, we have, wo fear, taken extraordinary liberties with the patienco of our audi- tory; we have taken them on an excursion, and if we have not lost them in the bush, we have certainly not yet taken them home. It is very kind that no one has cried " Question," but to anticipate so lawful an interjection, wo are now, by a short cut, arrived within tho precincts ot our domicile, and proceed with our subject by saving, that, much as we love and pray for tho blessing of Heaven upon our good friends and allies the French, unforgetful of the ten thousand great coat3 they lately lent us in the Crimea, although we really thought wo were not quite so badly off as to require such a loan, wc would rather exchange a great mnny civilities with them than exchange our little monosyllable home for their dis- syllable maison. Our home may not even bo a house at all. True, blessed be God, it may bo a palace, but it moy scarcely be a hut. I have found homes-true, not many -even in tho dens of London, and I have known splendid mansions that were not homes. I remember especially one, and, . except her Koyal palaces, England, amid all the stately halls that so beautifully adorn the garden isle, has no finer than that magnificent pile of rnasomy, so full of architectural strength, beauty, and embellishment com- bined,-I do not forget the lakes, plantations, gardens, aviary, preserves-the pleasant drives, too, along which one might say Ever charming, ever new, When will the landscape tire the view. The fountains foll, the rivers flow, The woody yalleys warm and low, With hill and volley, cot and farm. Each gives to each a double charm. There were all these beauties and more, but not a home. There was a home carefully guarded for the wild fowl on tho lakes, and for the rooks amid the glorious oaks that rose and spread their arms, like giants from the green sward. There was a summer's home for the swallows and the martins, beneath the eaves of the buildings-and a winter's one too had they pleased-but they did not please, for they, had rather a mysterious one elsewhere! There was á home for tho' lark on the upland pastures,, and right sweetly she carolled as she I soared from that home to the skies at early dawn, as if j tci thank God for the daylight,. There was a home-.and ] a co»Üjr one, toXr-^bJT war^ » splendid «teed. In Ul staW.es, «ind nature* pertaining to \\\\\\\\* patrician «bod af splendour »nd luxury, bul fox the lord of that va« estate, of those thousands . of broad acres, thero wa un maison, a home, but not a home. And why ? It wa because a fearful guest was entertained there ; sin unr< pen ted of, was in that abode, and rode rampant throng every chamber, and Happed its dark wings in triumph a it brooded over all the ways of what , the mockery c conventionalism termed a noble house. Noble 1 erie the indignant voice of truth ; a word of gloriou import, usage should not so desecrate^-ignobl be the title of ignoble ways. That nous contained a husband and a wife, as men calle them, and as they had vowed each to the othe they would bo, and had they so done, the ' charities o domestic life, crowned by godliness, would have modi that house a home ; but, alas I they were separated by sii and wicked works, and my lady occupied one wing wit! her attendants, and my lord the other. It wosawretchei scene, and I know its end. It was in keeping with iti character-mournful and miserable. ' Now let me speak of a home. Let us cross togethe; the wide Pacific, and wend bur way along the Atlántica until ocean casts us on tho , shores which many of u: have left. We are now-for imagination travels faste: than steam, or Red Jacket, or "Lightning, be it clippei ship or electric wire-we are now again in London, won derful London I How passing strangely sound th« grating of ten . thousand ' wheels over London': stony ways, and yet it is an old sound t< our ears ; how strange, too, the hum of myriac tongues ; how strange, too, the ten thousand sounds ant sights of London seen and heard again, after dwelling long amid the shades of these forests and. outposts o society; what a swaying, thronging, rushing, tangled busy mass- ' ' " The huey tribe of Hean and blood, With all their earea and fears." , , And where are you leading nie 7, do you exclaim. You have left the broad avenues, the arteries of London, and you are crowding me through a thread-work of mazy courts and alleys, its fine veins, ita absorbents. ' True for you, and absorbents are they in nore ways ! than one. They absorb, do these unhealthy styes, a vast proportion of London's population, tons ol thousands of the very worst, and . some of the very best of her sons and daughters are pressed by the more than hydraulic pressure of poverty or sin into these sunless abodes ; and you exclaim again, do you lead me to the midst of such filth and wickedness as now surrounds me, and even sounds above my head to show me a home. It is oven thus-I do ; but comprehend the motive, you aro not taken here that the beau- ideal, or perfection of a home as respects its outward ' and material accom- paniments .may meet your view; eh, no'; doubt not that I love the bright beams of heaven, and the sweet and balmy air, fully of oxygen, from gardens and orchards, and all the rural pleasures nf earth, as well as you ; but I take yon here, to unfold to your observation home, not as a place, but rather as a glorious principle, triumphing blessedly over place, else I had not taken you to the dens of London. Now gaze into that ono small room; see that family, riva-parents and three children-they sit around a small table, partaking of a humble meal. You observe two windows in this same house, one above the other, besides the window into which you are gazing ; but do not imagine tho three belong to this one family. No, that singlo room, small as it is, is all their home as respects its mere senseless materialism. There they eat by day, and there they sleep by night, in that one small room, not a bark hut surrounded by forests, in wheh they can livo half their time and breathe pure element, but. surrounded by « density of brick walls and towering chimneys on every hand; yet you observe how cleanly whitewashed the walls are, and tho ornaments on tho chimney-piece are well washed, Eva, and Topsy, and Uncle Tom, and Father Mathew, and many more there are, framed, religious and temperance pictures, hanging on the walls.. Observe, too, how clean tho bedclothes are upon that bedstead in the corner ; it is really an industrial wonder, is all this cleanliness under such circumstances, and the secret of it lies in a right good will, stout arms, and, as a tine qua non, that wooden wash-tub, which is almost always on duty ; but which happens, just now, to be standing at ease on one end outside tho door. Kow, here is a home, yes, a home that tho Lord of Anonymous Hall, to which we have referred, might well have sighed to possess its prototype.- " Don't you think," said that debauched man, with a terriblo oath, to a poor and pious labourer on his estate-" Don't you think I sholl go to heaven, as well as you ? I go to church regularly on Sundays ;" and as an answer was wildly pressed for, the despised Methodist replied, " My lord, I can only say I wish you may." Now it was sin followed that -hindered Anony- mous Hall from being a home-let it bo Anonymous Hull, we see no good purpose that would be answered by giving its namo-and it was sin forsaken that mado a homo of the humble and exceedingly inconvenient dwelling-place to which we have just guided our audi- tory. But we knew that dwelling-place when, like Anonymous Hall, it was not a home ; the Almighty God privileged tho individual who addresses you to becomo the happy instrument in converting that sunless and cheerless j abode-sunless and cheerless materially and spiritually -into a home. A City Missionary in tho dens of London, I first encountered that man, a wretched drunkard, ruin- ing himself rapidly, both bodily and immortally, by Eng. land's, and, T cannot but add,1 Australia's curse too. ~ Ho was exhorted, prayed with, and sighèd over. 'The Majesty on High gave the minister an influence over him for good. "Do as I do, not merely aa I. advise," said.his spiritual instructor; "touch not,, taste not, handle not," and Divine Grace blessed the instruction and enabled him so to do. His wife also yielded to advice, and, like a wise woman, abstained wholly, to aid her partner by her example. Attendance on Divine worship followed, family' prayer was instituted, the children weie sent to school. Tho change was great. It was as with the dry bones in Ezekiel's valley of vision when at the word of the Lord the bones carno togother, bone to his bone, and the flesh and the skin and the breath came in and upon them, and they arose and stood upon their feet. So did this drunkard, "shod with tho preparation of the gospel of peace," and that is a heel of adamant with which man may bruise both sin and Satan. What is it, then, which constitutes the reality of this precious little monosyllable ?-what is it makes tho homo ? Truth replies, " Behold, it is love and kindness -behold, it is the charities of mutual relation-behold, it is kindred ties felt as tics. Theso moko the home.'! . " The old house at home Where my forefathers' dwelt, i Where a child at the feet Of my mother I knelt. Where she taught me the prayer, Where she heard rae the page, Which if infancy lisp«, Is the solace of age ; My heart, mid alf wanderings, ! Where'er I may roam, » Will never forget thee . The old house at home !" '. There is a band which binds the relationships of life into sheaves, and then we, for, lack of a sweeter term, call them homes. That band is religion. It has various threads; one is tho lovo of Christ anothor, prayer-a third, the welcome and observance of that sweet day of rest which saw the Lord arise-a Sabbath-breaking house is nover a home. See, more silken threads in the band-bright, glorious threads they are the fruits of the Spirit, " Love, joy, peace, long Bullering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, tempe- rance." These are the threads, and this the band which binds the families of earth into homes. Thero are no homes without it. But we remark, that all which partakes of an earthly character in earthly homes, is amongst " tho fashion of this world, which passeth nway." Tho home, or " rest, however, which remaincth for the people of God," passeth not, that is " an inheritance incorruptible, and undefiled, and that iadeth not away." O, talk to me of Heaven ! I love To boar about my home above, For there doth many a loved one dwell In light and joy ineffable. No change can turn their dav to night. The darkness of that land is light. Sorrow and sighing God bath sent For thence to endless banishment; And never moro the rising tear May dim their burning eye, ' For every one they shed while here. In fearful agony. Glitters a bright and dazzling gem In their immortal diadem. Oh, happy, happy country ! there Flourishes all that we deem fair; , For though no fields nor forests green. Ko bowery gardens thero are seen. Nor perfumes load the breeze, Nor hears the ear material sound. Yet joyB at God's right hand are found, . The archetypes of these! There is a home! the land of birth, . Of all we highest prize on earth. The storms that rock this world beneath Mast there for ever cease! - : The only air the blessed breathe Is purity and peace. Oh, happy, happy land ! in thee Shines the unveiled Divinity, Shedding o'er each adoring breast A holy calm, a halycon rest. And those blest souls whom death did sever. There meet to mingle joys for ever. Yes, all the genial, mental, and moral associations, which constitute the abodes of earth homes, are undying, they are a part of mon's immortality; but like1 a kaleidoscope, and seldom so bright,^earth's phases are ever changing. The thunderbolts of mundane mutability come crashing down upon earthly homes and grind them to powder, Avalanches ojf affection eèalei) *3ñ day from eartha wouutaius ©JT ki«, and .Àirth'a barnes « fraseo ar smothered, . ;?. », . * The sit pecos of pride and covetousness, anil envy too hot, winds from the moral desert of the human heart carl up earth's homes-with pestilential blast, and tin wither and die.' Sin strikes' homes of earth like tl lightning, and. the places thereof know them-no mor The playfellows who were nursed on the same lap, ac drew their first sustenance from the same fount, gro up, and one gives the heart to Cod, and one "does no Brothers and sisters take many ways, happy fiunil where all take the right. But if tin. does not scotti I earthly homes, and, blessed be God, it does not alwaj so do, death does. . The days of man' are not even " i the days of a tree," if wo speak of many a 'denizen < ; the forest. The earthly-pillars of homes are'morts The heads of houses die, they surely die ; and, as whe some giant of the woods falls, the parasites that hav curled around his trunk for support fall too, and ai scattered,'so'tis with earthly homes. I And why is God for ever shifting us about thus, do w ask, and unsettling our settlements, and giving us th word to march so soon as our affections and hearts hav camped ?. Tho answer is plain, :-lt is his loving cai over us and nothing else, lest we, after all, - " be of tb earth, earthy." AU' that is immortal in home, the Kin of Kings' may change in position- from one part of hi dominions to another, and hide from our eyes for time; he may " take away the desire of our.eyes at stroke,", but he Will never ask us to part with it for eve: He will give it to us back again at a coming day brighte than when it left us; hut he will have us whilst in thi time state, to cling to him. It is our only safe poaitiot Bid.my hearers,ever watch the sunflower when the sui was emergingfrqni the eastern horizon, and again whe: the' orb of day was at meridian ; and again when orea tion's -wonder "was ' descending in the western slue! Well called the sunflower, is it not "..The sunflower turn" to her God when be seta, . The sante look which she turned when he rose." The theology of the poetry we cannot endorse ; th sunflower's God is not the sun, but our God, wbethe sha know it or not. But it must he thus.withthe mai who would rest ; his face must be turned tb God. Whosi prosence did Jehovah promise to our father Moses should go with him and give him rest ? You remembei it was his own omnipotent presence as a reconciled God And David too found salvation, tho only home or rest " Return unto thy rest," sayB he, , " O my sonl, for thi Lord hath dealt bountifully with thee." Yes, the rest o th« soul must be in God. Yet, all that is immortal ii home, God asks us not to bid farewell to for ever. Call hom e a diadem-earth has no fairer-and kindra ties the jewels-it glitters truly does home, and with nt meretricious glare, whilst thoy are all set in that fail diadem. "In the moraine; of life, with bosom'elate, ?? ' The youth leaves the home of his heart, To «eek on the treacherous ocean his fate, Or in life'* busy scene take hi* part." . At a future day; when, perhaps, his own brow ii wrinkled by ago, he returns and Ands that diadem of his youth an empty theil, every jewel is gone, for man, as respects his mortality, is like the diamond-placed in the crucible of corruption ho utterly vanishes. He treads again the old frequented beaten way; his feet slip again almost involuntarily, on the path that led, as it now does, to the villago school. Except where the march of alteration, and perhaps improvement, has Íregressed, ho remembers every avenue; and oven there te remembers to mark the change. That footpath led.to dame A's, and that driftway to farmer B's, and those cort ruts to the marl pit ; yet, how changed I Speedily he loathes even his nativo villago, and complains How oold and grey lifo seem* 1 I tread The old frequented beaten way ; But voices ono* belov'd ore fled, Their muslo warble* not to day. Far off I hear the shepherd's song, And over head the blackbird sings ; The stream leap» joyfully along; The half-fledged sparrow« try their wings. The spring's first green is on the trees The ancient trees I loved of yore ; And brightest flower« perfume the breeze,- . AU seems the Bame aa heretofore. But they, the friend* of youth, are gone, And they the loved ones far away. ' Bow cold and grey life seems,-forlorn, E'en on the old and beaten way. . ' \- But let that wanderer know that though it bo thus, his home is not destroyed, true, be cannot find it on earth, but earth is hot all God's creation ; it is not destroyed. Tell him to give his heart to God, his Saviour, and live and die in his fearaud favour, and then you may vow to him that as the Lord liveth, all that was holy and blessed and spiritual in his homo, Bhall come to him again, fresher than tho dew of tho morning and form a part of his everlasting inheritance : They cannot die-whose spirits here Were one with Christ, their living head, They cannot die, Though the time-wasted sepulchre In which their vestiges are laid, Crumbled in dust may lie. They ore aot dead-whose ashe* nil That melancholy house of clay, \- They are not dead : They live in brighter glory »till Than ever cheer'd their earthly way, . Full beaming round their head. And tell him, if he will only live to God, he shall hy and by go and join them and receive such a welcome as th« sweetest home of earth could, not give," «ven to a mourned for and long absent member once'again beside tlie same hearth. Now, God speaks of all who possess faith in Christ and, as an unfailing sequence, onjoy the influences of the Spirit, as " sons and daughters." " Behold", said Jesus pointing to his followers, " bohold my brother, and my sister, and my mother, .for every one that dooth the will of my Father which is in heaven, the same is my brother, and my .sister, and mother." " Touch not, taste not, handle not sin," says tho Lord,' " and I will receive you, and will bo a father to yon, and ye shall be my sons and daughters," saith the Lord Almighty, and again the whole body of. true believers is set before us as a family, " the whole family which is in heaven and earth." Now heaven for these is the great universal home or rest. If webe- true Christians we may be away from homo just now, and in tho supremo senso we certainly are, but it may be truly ., said of every one of us that wo are going home, and what' a homo that will be. " In my father's house," said Jesus, that is tho universe, " are many mansions, I go to prepare a place for you." ' Surely that must bo a glorious place of which he has been the decorator, but we will not stumble in amaze, Lord of all, even at this thy posthumous servitude for us, for it is not greater servitude than thy dying for HS, which thou didst, or thy interceding for us before the throne, which thou dost, but it is " great goodness," .tho " memory" of - which, .we will " abundantly utter, and talk of thy power." Ju a subordinate sense, yot what a glorious subor- dinate senso, man has on earth many homes or rests. I well recollect, when midway between the two great Capes of the earth, the Hope and the Horn, with the 8000 feet of Tristan d'Acunha, looming upwards right through tho clouds, and its peak clearly visible above their tops, just as God enables tho Christian'to keep Iiis head clear above the mists and vapours of earth and sin, high though they risc-I recollect then seeing the little petrel floating cheerfully on the water, triumphing over waves that would have overwhelmed a giant, as though he had been but a moth, and again when Tristan had long been passed, and "A thousand miles from land were we, ? Tossing about on the foaming sea." There was tho petrel quite at home on tho waves : The stormy petrel with hor heart of oak From the tempest ne'er doth flee But the loudor the blast, and the longer it may last, Still ahe sails along right merrily. Whilst the .Amorict.n Lass with all her good sailing Equalities jumped, and bumped, and wetted her deck from stem to stern, there was tho petrel as dry as tho sun, and she rose on the crest of a wavo and looked all serene, as if she would have said if she could, " a pleasant day for tba water-nice weather this is'nt it ?" Abraham j was not disappointed when he said to his son-The Lord, my son, will provide a burnt offering; and Abraham's seed by. faith in Christ, and heirs according io tba .promise are never disappointed whilst they look to the 'Lord to provide. He who furnishes tho little petrel with a home on tho stormy wave, and docs not suffer tho raging sea te ruffle her smooth and polished feathers, has majestically and mercifully proclaimed to man tims: -" He that dwelleth in the sesret place of the Most High, shall abide under the shadow of the Almighty, shall say ol' the Lord ho is ray"fortress, my God, in Him will I trust. Surely he shall deliver thee .... He shall cover thee with his feathers and- under his wings , shalt thou trust. His truth Bhall be thy shield and buckler." Now, dear friends, the compari- son is familiar to you ; you have surely seen the hen initiating her offspring to follow her steps-she finds them food, and she breaks it to them, they ore happy around her, and when they tire, or when danger looms, she overs them with ber feathers, and under her wings they trust. That is their home. Now, just so, with the Christian-he follows God, walks with God, God calls him when he strays, saying. Adam where ort thou. Let one helpless chicken be tempted to stray from its mother, and how soon does he discover his loss of guidance, and runs wildly hither and thither, and what with quagmires, and cats', and hawks, and what not, it is very well if he gets safe back to his'parent's side. Tis thus with those .who wander from Gad; they never rest, they have no home,. Tho ÏUUQ petrel re*».« on th« cresta of tho angry wr«í, fcnt,iíh»VMnww wr^ed on Hhe stormy waves ofaJn? Trwe,,one wight fltfiUlji-slwnibiwr, lint th,e rtnrnT ber is- mingled with nightmare, and worse than nightmare, because the hideous vision of coming wrath, that will at times steal over the ungodly, is no mere phantasm, but is the forewarner and forerunner of all terrible reality, to the finally impenitent, and God, like the hen, and how much better, for he taught her so to do, finds his following children food. He gives food three times a day, often for many, many years, to the man who never says I thank God, and he does so that bis goodness may lead that man to repentance, ere he cut him down and call him to account. Ho "maketh his sun to shine," with all its fructifying influences, "upon the evil and upon the good," and sendeth rain upon the pastures and possessions of the just and of the unjust; but he feeds .his following children not only with food convenient for the body, but peculiarly with mental food and nourishment also (spiritual, I should rather say), for man has a spirit that can "hunger and thirst," as well aaa body that so does. The heart may be an aching void as well as the stomach. Jeremiah was told to utter " I will feed my flock, and will cause them to lie down, saith the Lord God." The Lord fulfils his promise, truth is that on which the soul feeds, truth in its numberless developments, positive truth, relative truth, and the spirit guides the following child.of God into all truth as God has ..promised all truth appropriate to bis position, and all truth, nothing but truth. God never yet guided a man a lino on one side of truth, or a line on the other, always right into truth. It is when mon takes the helm to guide himself, that the cry comes breakers ahead-and alas the cry often comes too late. Let a man put his heart into God's hands,to guide, and as when the pilot comes on board, the captain folds bis arms, not in idleness but to stand by, so may he stand still and 'see the salvation of God; if he goes an inch wrong, however intricate the passage, then, as the ancients said, " the skies will loll". He may securely sit and watch and sing :- . f " Aw»y despair, my gracious Lord doth hear. Though storms and waves assault my keel, His hand doth guide it he doth steer, ? < \- ? E'en when the boat seems most to reel. Storms are the triumph of his art, Well may he close his eyes but not his heart." You remember the incident on which the lines are founded, Jesus was asleep on the boat, and they called "Lord, savo or we perish 1" but all was well : " The angry billows knew their Coil, And were still beneath his eye." " Jesus rebuked the wind arid the waves and immedi- ately there was a great calm," and then you have seen the young fowl snatch at the grain or 'seed too large or too hard to swallow, and the parent breaks and smooths it, and then the offspring con swallow it, and sho even teaches her young ones to swallow stones and they become medicines and minister to life. , And, in verity, some truths we have to swallow for our good in this life are " hard sayings"-resignation under multiform trials, contentment under Protean bereavements,' ' the saying with Job and meaning with Job when the blast comes-" Shall we receive geod at the Divine hand, and, shall we not receive evil, the Lord giveth, and the Lord taketh away, blessed bo tho name of the Lord." And then the Supreme leader breaks these trials to.us, !'. hero a little, there a little," and makes us to understand that all this dis- ¡ ciplino is a part of tho training needful for us in order, to our attainment of Christian manhood. We find even : the stones .when swallowed very useful, thoy build up a i wall and hide from our eyes many . folly, or evon sin it may be, that it would never do for us to plunge into., i . With all this discipline to lead us into truth, with all j this curbing, spurring, nnd checking us for our good i that wo may keop in the right woy, and with all the rug- \ gedness of the road, wo tiro, and need ever and unon > for God to brood ovor us. Well then wo get under his j wing, and he does brood over us, and blesses us with! the strengthening warmth' of his divine lovo. Tho! Christian might well ' have shrunk from instituting sb familiar a comparison between him and bis Saviour God, but Jehovah in his. Word, has dono it for him "who is able to do for.us abundantly above all that we can ask or think. ¡ The love of Christ shed abroad in tho heart by the' Holy Ghost-given unto us :-. I 1 A calm arid heavenly frame, a light' that * shines upon! tho road that leads us to the Lamb. These are some ingredients in tho Christian's homo, and tho spirit of 'Í meekness"., we havo already. iianied| as. another.1 "Isaac," says Dr. Bethune, "was a'nian'of peace."'Hoi preferred peace above all worldly possessions, arid for it lie was willing to give up everything but principle.: He digged one well, but whon the liordsmep of Gerar strove! for it, he called it Esek (contention), and left it to thom j He digged another ; they strove for it also, he called it' Sitnah (hatred) and loft it also to them.. The God of peace honoured his forbearance,- and . by the waters of Rehoboth (space) he found room and quiet." So tho Psalmist. speaks, of the Lord bringing his soul " into n largo place." An "expansive arid a quiet home has the meek spirit - resting in its God.1 Silvio Pellico, whose intensely interesting autobiography very probably some of you hare read, and many, a ; useful. lesson respecting continental absolutism may be gleaned from .it, and..' with ' special profit just now,-well, Silvio Pellico's. spiritual"1 light ' might ' have been far more than it was ¡ but I tliink you will conclude with me, if you have read that autobiography, that the dungeon even .... .... . ,. ,' !." In hideous Spielburg, where all patriots go, ?'. - To rot with Confalieroni, and. with Pellico, with , the tamed spider: arid tamed mouse, and poem scratched on the table . sides, pen, ink and paper being contraband, as well they may bo by the frionds of despotism, was a more lightsome and pleasant home, for his soul made it so, déspite its horrors accumulate, dark and dreary as it was, than the head of tho Austrias, his incarcerator, found the capital of Vienna to bo, sweat .smelling gardons .and fountains of waters and obsequi- ous courtiers notwithstanding, but with enmity to man's right-and liberties lurking beneath curled lips and in a cold heart,' for a cold heart we hold to be a worse com Í»anion than a cold hearth. We wish man a far better ot than either, but still we think : It is better to dwell th freedom's hall, . In a cold damp coll, with a mouldering wall, Thau to bend the neck, or to crouch the kuoo, In the proudest polaco of slavery. Better for him in many ways whilst tho soul can triumph in happinoss over outward circumstances, and bo, in comparison to what unbelief might surmiso, little affected by them. Sir Isaac Nowton, whilst composing his Principia, lived, part of that long period of.intenso menial application, upon a dietary of bread and apples, we are informed, although he was Master of tho Mint and Astronomer Boyal, and on another occasion, at another period of hit useful life, a friend carno in at tho diunor hour, and' found tho covers laid, simple enough, a chicken and vegetáis, and as no Nowton appoarod, long after he had boen announced, and the friend was hun- gry, ho waited until tho fowl was cold, and then de- voured half and replaced tho cover, and when at last Newton descended from star maps, and trigonometry, to the moro commonplace and sublunary dinner table, and lifted the cover, it was to exclaim, to his familiar friend's no small amusement-" Dear mo, I had forgotten I hnd dined." And Dr. Lightfoot-what a library his works are-ate but once daily, and was stout and buoyant to extreme old age. I remember also a fellow collegian of a very great genius, informing me that with his mind much occupied, he undertook one morning to boil tho breakfast eggs for tho chums, and very gravely, specta- cles and great genius notwithstanding, placed tho watch he had produced to regulate their boiling, in tho sauce- pan also, unconscious of the fact, until he found at loast something done too much. I always delight too in the case of that man Wesley mentions, to whom he stated his suspicions of covetousness, as ho gavo a less amount to the cause of God, subsequent to his professed con- version and to bis, as was well known, becoming pos- sessed of very largo rentals, events which wero nearly simultaneous-rthon ho had been accustomed to give previously, and I discovered says Wesley to_ my grief even to tears that I had been harbouring suspicions which were utterly without foundation, plausible as they appeared, since this man was living in a garret, on stale carrots, which after market days ho procured very cheap, at a total outlay of eighteen pence weekly for board, with an income of Bevern! thousand pounds per annum, in order more rapidly to discharge immense liabilities, which he had contracted previous to his conversion, and which although no earthly creditor would it seems have pressed him, yet pressed intuitively and heavily, on a conscience which divino grace had quickened, tanght to " owo no man anything but to love one another." Now, in moraliz- ing upon these cases, permit me to remark, that I am not wishful for a man not to have dined and then to fancy he had forgotten that he hod dined,-that truly might be a very acceptable species of mystification under certain circumstances*; os an instance, during the corly pages of the history of this colony, when flour was not merely at a famine price, but was for some time at a fabulous price this oblivion might then have possibly been very oppor- tune, but memory is far too blessed a gift for us, save and except in extraordinary cases, to wish it dethroned. Its gyrations and failings, under delirium, insanity, and senility, and its blunted edge at almost nil times, when man comes to the days of the seared and yellow leaf of life, remind us of it as a departing, mighty blessing far too .vividly to wish it gone before its time. Neither do we wish dévotion to logarithms, or any branch of mathematics, so' to occupy the mind that a man shall forget* that'a watch is not an egg. On the sontrary, we wish the man who. can calculate eclipses, to te «uta te.N w «a .M^ÜTWÍ^Tií^-^,' «lean, «s hi* aw^WiTU«^^«» «« M»,'^)aí^(wr all,". Ute heart makes the home, arni « whero a man1* «res »ure is, there will his heart be «Iso,«.. A Newton studying the1 stars devoutly, which' Newton i did, drew but a small portion bf his' home from' mere' terrcstrialities,' and ' blessed be God. -Newton was a far greater pliüosopler " than astronomy or any - other nomos can constitute ia man- , - " The true philosophy is God to know." . Newton was a christian, and even an essayist on Dun ¡el . and Revelation ; wo may therefore imagine him, whilst for example calculating the parallaxes of. Saturn's rings. In which of worlds an army might be lost, beholding in them, not merely glorious material existences, but also glorious developments of the, power and goodness of his God. May we not therefore imagine- '. him many times and oft :- ..' ' .'rj : " In the silence of the night, ,' , When the busy world doth rest, . . And the sta» do shine so ' bright . , . ., ,..,v ? On heaven's silver spangled vest." . gazing at the more than brilliant concave, and musing with that placid face of his-resting on an open palra, * tims, "Somewhere amid the galaxies of yon sphere,' where I know not, but my God does, and it is enough, . a glorious abode is reserved for me eternally, that is, if I live and die, and I cannot bear to think otherwise, for- , given through the blood of the Cross,' and; .'"sanctified; tc the master's use." And I do not think it would, be cat all beyond the limits of" probability to imagine.the mus. inga of the oheerful spirit which said to the , lap-dog.-< Fides, when he whisked his tail against, and overthrow; tito candle on whole piles of calculations, destroying the labour of months, <. Oh t Fides, Fides, little dost thou knoyr the mischief thou hast done," breaking forth inio air^g; lng in the midst of these gorgeous contemplations, and what more probable than that it should have been to. the . words of that sweet hymn :- '., " Yon is my house and portion fair, ? u ??<i My treasure and my heart are there, J:,i-i And my abiding home, I'.¡ -J ' i For inotlie elder brethren stay, i -.0. And Angela beckon me away, .???.aU «¿A. And Jesus bids me come. ... : Yes, the soul can triumph over outward and adverse circumstances. It is written " Man sholl'.UQt . live by bread alone, but by every Word which proceadeQT . out of tho mouth of God." r--*. i My dear and now, we doubt not, glorified friend; Cop'- ' tain Allan Gardiner, ono of tho martyrs of Tierr i del ' Fuego, tells us in the journal, which was found lying . beside his bleached scull and bonos on Staten's inhos- ' pitable shoro, that his soul was supremely happy, ' and at home in tho . love of Christ, although he had - been utterly destitute of food or water for four day» and ? four nights, and grim death was then stealing rapidly on, with starvation for a slaughter weapon in his relent, less hand. The hand that once wrote so firm, wrote - now in the wavy lines of exhaustion, but the soul .was at hame, " strong in tho Lord and in the power of .-. bis ' might." - 11. .1, And now for the third case I have cited. Lot me say, I had rather by far that man should not have inotirrod, ', by play or at all,' those large liabilities which he immo- rally did incur, but I am fearless, in bidding tho 'godless ' epicurean millionaire go and sigh, and pray for, though- ; Ude himself wore his cook, that enjoyment in the midst of all his cuisine which Honestus enjoyed, ovor his. stale boiled carrots, and tho",water they were boiled in for his champagne \ The consciousness that our ways-piense God is a sauce, without which earth's rarest banquets aro at-best but incomplete, 'O' , I venturo to affirm that the Frinco of cooks and Uda is dead, could never have elaborated with all tito nppli- ; uncos of that wonderful kitchen, or placed beneath thé lustres - of Crockfprd's' chandeliers-and Crockford with all his ill-gotten gains is withered and old if not depd too-a feast which I am about to name, that fcàst'is spoken of in the word of God as " a feast of fat things:" it is divino grace filling tho soul " with all the fulness of God"-" Thy words wero found," says tho prophof, " and I did eat thom, and they were unto ino the joy and rejoicing pf mine heart." No, amid all his savours, Udo could not produce " tho savour of lifo unto life." 'This comes only from God. " God," said the Virgin in her : prayer, "hath filled tho hungry (that is those who hunger and thirst after righteousness) with good things (that is . joy and peace in the Holy Spirit) but thc rich (that is - tho obdurate in heart who have nover. realized) the poverty of man's soul hy nature) hath he sent empty away." .. ,',^.','.','"" 1 Speaking of passing politics an immediately recent roviower very sensibly remarks :-" There is n kind, of . M'Cullochism,' if wo may so call it, in politics, which,, judging of countries and their prospects solely, from tables of their revenue, their exports, their imports, and . , tho like, leads us into wretohed mistakes." - And we say it is thus also respecting man's host interosts and^true ' condition individually. In tho fallacious /estimation bf mero worldly wisdom there ia here also-a:'kind* >jof M'Cullochism, hut destitute of M'Cullocli's ' immense statistical value, which judges of men's prospects and happiness too'much by " the things which, are isoen,"' forgetful that " the abundance of a mon's lifo cohsistètb not in that which ho hath," But tho chain, wo porceivo, which unwinds- the poriod of time allotted to this lecture, has reached its "last link. Our summary will be brief indeed. Wei'have argued then that lflarts not mero materialisms consti- tute the bornés of earth. First tho heart of man, in reconciled union with the . heart of God, that- is1 the - foundation of all home, then reciprocating tho affections of kindred spirits, and tho home of heaven, what is it, but the samo union and reciprocity. In kind the same, though not in degreo, but passing " from one degree of glory to another." There is much anticipatory converse in this colony, as in all England's colonies, respecting going home, pay more, there is tho actual fulfilment of tho design in constant exercise. Many are, from time to time, wending their way back to the zone of the north temperate. So lotit bo say wo, if man but goes in tho path of duty, but man must remember himself a citizen of the world, ' his mission is cosmopolitan, and each has his appointed sphore. That sphere is to be discovered by prayor and supplication for divino direction, scouting, however, tho vanity, which wo cannot but fear is not unfrequcntly practised, of deciding first according to our own falla- cious tastes, and praying afterwards. Thc Bphero, 'of duty discovered, in that sphore man must cheerfully ' abide, doing his Lord's work. That is man's earthly home. No matter whore its location, though' it'ha ? sixteen thousands or Bixteen millions of milos from every kindred and relative tie which he hath, no other place is his earthly home, though it were in tho very - bosoms of them all. This must be his song in the days of his pilgrimage : To he whore God would have mo be, What God would havo me do, In that the path of right I seo, And path of pleasure too. No hidden snares infest that road. And bitters Ul ere are sweet ; For whilst tho soul is Christ's abode, Tlie soul has heavenly meat* Lot us believe that a man can nover be at homo whilst out of his providential path. Could it bo otherwise, tho law of order given for the universe, would be impugned, but it never can. Tho universe was and is yet onco again to bo ono vast harmonious engine. Thus it was created ; true, sin and error have crept in through tho fall of men and angels, and tho world is out of joint, but in every such caso penalty is the sequence. Order is tlie first law of heaven. ..].'., ', ? ¡ But in a better sonso than tho transition from one locality of earth to another, wo aro AM. going home, all who aro leading a lifo of " faith in tho Son of God, who lovod us and gave himself for us." . Negating the materialism which is true, wc do not,use tho term in a religious sense, and altoring ¿ singló word, which changes the sense of tho lines, from an onrthly to a heavenly home, we may endorso the words of fane of our own sweet poets and say :- , . , '. , ; ' ,', "',, Sweet is tlie hour that brings us home, .--i--.. f.. Where all will spring to meet us, . ,)?... Where hearts are longing os wo como ' >->-M-«» With ecstasy to greet us, -. -itu,-1 When the world hath spent its frowns and wrath, '? . ? And care boen sorely pressing . ? ' Tlssweot to end our roving paUt ' - i . i And timi in heaven a blessing. What do wo reek on a dreary way ." Though lonely ami benighted, - "' If we know there are lips to chide our stay, - ?.' '' And eyos that will beam love-lighted. ." What is tlie worth of the diamond's ray -* * - * To the glance that flashes pleasure. When the wonls that welcome back betray '" We form a heart's chief treasure f : . . - O joyfully dear is our homeward track, "' ?-; If wo. are hut sure of a welcome back. 1 ' ** Albeit, rhyme herc, does what rhyme dees not.always, sho paints truth with unvarnished colours. Glory be to God, tho homeward track, "the way of life," is joy- fully dear," and tlie " welcome back" is sure; surtí when- . ever man turns from sin, sure, at the hands of Him .who hath said, " Como unto me." JUWH To conclude. Believe, beloved friends; !.ihé/,jferyent prayer of your Lecturer's heart to" be that ha may .meet . you all in that home of unfading glory. '. . .; 1 . 